Doing it the right way. Saw a woman peeling one like a pineapple and was totally disgusted.  This is the traditional way.
My mom said she'd buy me cantaloupe only if I started cutting it myself, so here I am lmao.
Have you ever got a Deere John shirt?
Florida Joe, you beautiful bastard, you did it again! fantastic work
Thank you!!
Nice Video!
I tried to watch this but the blur covering the t-shirt logo was too distracting. Thanks anyway.
Genius! Thanks for the 2nd example at the end 👌🏾
THANKS!
Curious as to why your shirt is blurred out
If you're going to go through lengths to pixelize your shirt, just wear another shirt...ugh
Now I can cut a cantaloupe thanks dude! Lol
That’s perfect! Thanks!
Thanks florida joe🍈😀🤜
Thanks Stephen king.
Thanks man.  Your tip helped me get a lot more out of my cantaloupe.  Appreciate it
Remember kids, always cut towards yourself! Never away.
This is such a solid video
thank god you told me i need a cantaloupe for this tutorial. i almost forgot mine
I never cut towards myself
Thank you!
Legend.
dont cut it in your hand, just use the chopping board
Omg he’s so adorable blurring his shirt 😭
This video saved my life, thank you!!!
Thank you!! :)
I cut myself >:( DISLIKE AND REPORTED
THANK YOU!
Best I've ever used!
dude wasted 2 inches of perfect cantaloupe
Entirely stupid way of cutting ...The way you hold the melon while cutting...Is very dangerous... Please don't teach people to do this... The method if cutting is good but the way and direction at which you are cutting is an accident waiting to happen..
Bruh you just threw out like 40% of the cantaloupe, ARE YOU CRAZY?
Thank you!!! Have a great day
Thank you
I love you
you’re a magician. Thank u sir
Wow that looked easy! So how do u pick a good ready cantaloupe?
cantaloupe? it looks like melon
I'm so amazed how you blurred that shirt
u make it look real easy...u got mad skillz
Thanks again for your time to share..  You are amazing.. This was very helpful.
Genius
Holy crap, that's the exact way not to do it... How many times have you been sued for this?
But what is the correct method to avoid Listeria bacteria? Apparently there is a special method.
Wtf the inside of my cantaloupe is green. How do you tell if it’s ripe??
lol you blurred a John Deer shirt?
DO NOT DO AS HE DOES. !!!!!! THIS IS A KNIFE-SAFETY OBSCENITY. Watch the way this guy cuts directly toward the inside of his thumb tendons when he slices away the flesh. I would suggest "how to cut cantaloupe" by Monkey See as a safe way to do this, taught by a professional.  If you do slip with the knife through the unpredictably  irregular flesh of the melon and cut your thumb like this guy would eventually do, you will need a hand surgeon and thousands of dollars worth of microsurgery on your tendons just to be able to use that hand again. Please take this video down before someone maims their self doing this. NEVER POINT A KNIFE BLADE AT THE INSIDE OF YOUR HAND.
1 tip, i reccomend you blur your shirt a bit harder. Its clear it says "John deer"
Video was a perfect length and huge life saver, THANK YOU!
Thanks! Now I will always know how to cut one of my favourite food!!!
This was hella helpful thank you 😊
I think I could make a triple integral of that cantaloupe to determine the volume of that slice of cantaloupe in cubes
cantalope
I'm gonna try this tomorrow. My bf bought two cantaloupe but the first one I cut was very time consuming, hopefully this method will be easier. 😄
extremely helpful. thank you!
Helpful thanks
thanks joe!
After my roommate was craving melon today, we ventured out and purchased a cantaloupe of our own. Not purchasing said cantaloupe, we realized we didn't know a good method to cut it. After searching the internet for tips, we stumbled upon your video, and all I have to say is THANK YOU! Your time effective trick made it so we could devour the cantaloupe ASAP! Much love from Steph and Emily in NYC!
Helpful
There's a better way. Never cut towards your hand people. Common sense.
FANTASTIC Sir!! Thank you for sharing this awesome idea.
I tried this and cut both of my hands off could you recommend a way to do this without hands? Thanks from hospital
Bruh... I'm almost 20 years old and I'm watching this... :D
I'm only growing two varieties this year  Far North and a cob melon called Cershownski.  I cut one or two up for my two boys to eat a week and then watermelon...  Great demo
28 👎 must be watermelon fans
Thank you so much! Very helpful.
awesome!!! lol I'm so amazed lol
Thanks worked like a charm
very useful, thanks for the video! it really helped 😊
Great. You helped me, with your simple instructions. You made it look easy and it was. Thanks 😁
cool thank u so much John...I've never cut a cantaloupe before so this will be my first time.
Thanks Mr. Mom.
Short, sweet, and to the point.
So cool!!! Awesome and easy🤔😱
What a cool tip! I've been struggling with that shiz for years and this method is SO easy! Going to try it out now! haha. Tx mate!
very helpful! and you're adorable btw!
no that's how you do it
Awesome tutorial. It was very helpful!
Great video, my girlfriend appreciates my new found ability to properly cut her cantaloupe!
Thank you for having a very easy tutorial and not wasting time explaining to me how to choose a cantaloupe. haha. I really Just needed to know how to make less of a mess.
Im gonna eat a cantaloupe while riding my John Deere tractor. Should be fun.
thnx !
WHY cover the John Deere shirt? So silly .
Click here if you actually want to find the fastest and quickest way to cut a cantaloupe https://youtu.be/1tbLY5olvoU
you obviously have a john deer shirt on, so what's the point of censorship?? if anything, you're giving them free advertisement!
Doesn't want to be sued for copyright.
holy crap I did it! HAHA thank you!  =)    nobody has ever shown me how to do this in person
dang I wish I know what his shirt said....
awesome thanks!
This method is a really dangerous way to use a knife.
How to prepare a cantaloupe; Step 1 - Cut in half Step 2 - Spoon the cantaloupe to get the seeds out Step 3 - Cut into manageable slices Step 4 - Enjoy!
This is awesome! Thank you😊
thanks for the tip!
Am i the only one who was annoyed by the blurred out shirt
Great video short and sweet
Great video, very informative too
I JUST CUT MY THUMB OFF AHHH...Hahahah
Thanks for the video, can you make one using a melon baller
Like we didn't se that John Deere shirt he was wearing lmao
Thanks for the vid!! :)
This looks dangerous
Great video thank you for your help :)
Thanks for posting 😀 very helpful !!
Nice!! Doing it
Is that a John Deere logo?
Thanks for the video FloridaJoe3.  I make fruit salad for myself for breakfast.  I've just started using Cantaloupes and didn't know a good way of cutting them.  You also saved me a possible trip to the emergency room, lol.
Wow thanks alot man you most definitely saved me time cutting! ☺
Thanks. That was simple and easy
Your technique is good, but you are no Naras!
My 10 year old daughter LOVES cantaloupe and as you know it can be a bit time consuming to say the least if you aren't into cooking. SHE found your video and after talking me into buying the yummiest looking cantaloupe at the store today she was so excited to show me your PERFECT method that we will FOREVER use to cut future ones. Thank you so much for taking the time to post this informative video!! It maybe simple for some but it REALLY helped this mom!!! For that I am forever grateful. Thanks so much from a very happy 10 year old and mom from Seattle.
Good vid thanks. But there was no point in blurring John deer t shirt :)
u make it look easy! However, I'm no master with a knife and nicked myself twice using your method. lol  Might take some getting used to but definitely looks easier.
thanks
