you make it  look so easy
omg that looks so good and it tastes so good to
hi
i love your
Can you use whipping cream?
These guys dont wanna be eaten. -Jenn Johns 2013
You are good
dont funny face I love your videos
Hello i LOVE your video  and i LOVE to backe  my birthday is May 22 and im gonna make that love your videos
That looks good 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
because she cooks like a amazing chief
I am going to bake like you one day
how do you have amazing ideas
Merry yummy Christmas
that look good thank you so much for your video god bless you
yum
I love all the recipes you do.
Cool idear
I think your ideas are awesome!!!!!!!!!
how are you supose to eat that  hot chocolat push pop
i love your creative ideas
im :54 seconds in and im in love already
wow đẹp
Awesome
Make  a big ring cake  for me
F off pm
I love it so much
I like the video very much can you come over to my house
These can have a new name too CUP cakes!!
yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmy
Looks more like a mug of root beer flot
Hi i am brianna i rilley like your vidoes and i want to.be.just like you grow up
So delicious
Marshmallows, chocolate,Christmas! Oh la la
The were so yummy OMG thanks for the recipe
Can you use marshmallow fluff instead of white butter cream
You have the best cooking show.
L&i8885t678o
Instead of shaved chocolate can you use cocoa powder?
l
UmmmmGood IM hungry
where did you get the push pop containers?
love your cooking
Omg!! I love them!!!!!!!!!!!
What a bout a rainbow browine cake
Cute
Love your vids but weres the cardio
where did you bought the push pops container did you order it or did you bought it in Amerika because i live in Engeland
can u use cake instead of brownies?
What do you do with all the sweets
I  was wondering where u got the push pop containers
Cake
Make a corvette
Ill probably use marshmallow cream instead of icing and cocoa powder instead of chocolate shavings
Tottaly making this this Christmas
Oh wow
Love this video!!!!!
I love this idea, it would be perfect to make for my family get together ' s. But I was wondering if you know where I can get the push pop containers?
that's a easy recipe!
I love this so much! The whole time I was smiling 'cause I couldn't wait to make them. I'm thirteen and wish to become a pastry chef. You are a great inspiration to me. I love what you do and how you make the cutest ideas. Thank you!
Ooooooo they look good
That looks good well done
I like hot chocolate!!!!! Even in the winter!
Rainbow loom cupcake or more drinks in a bunch
Marry me :)
Make hello kitty cake
Does she speed the vid up of just move fast?😯 I can't tell
YUM   and its so creative i wonder how she gets these tools
Could you maybe make like iPhone emoji decorated cookies?
I like chocolate. Chocolate is good
Now the real question.. how do you eat it?
This is adorable
You are so cool♥♥♥♥♥♥♥✳
Wow
Just a suggestion I think whipped cream would be a lot better than the butter-cream in this recipe
You are great
Looks yummy! And so creative
Where do u get the push pop containers. I do live in america btw
This would be awesome made with the marshmallow butter cream recipe that she recently posted on her channel ^_^
lol that was so cute! "You guys don't want to be eaten" This looks so good! I love your recipes-- they look so simple, but also interesting and super good
Coca cola push pops
Yummmm
Sdftbfbgbfttyfgyynui
I live in the uk do where would I get the push pops from x
OMG I don't care if its not Christmas!! I wanna make these!!!! xD!! I sometimes use your microwavable cookie recipe and have recommended it to others!! I love it xD xx
These are soo good!!! And I love your hat!!
Cookies Cupcakes and Cardio , where do u get ur filming camera and lighting?
Do you make up those resapies
Made this for a Christmas party!!The guests luved it!!I forgot to coment last time anyway THNX FOR THE GREAT IDEA
yummy
OMG I LOVE YOU!!! I love your videos!!! <3 Bake on!!
its really late and they is just so mouth watering!!!! is there time for a midnight snack? :3
I love it
that is so cute and simple to make !
looks SO good!!!!!
LOL;-)
ur so cute!
i just love the ideas u get
ITS TOO GOOD
I love it so much it so cute❤️❤️
So cute.
YUMMMMM!
I love chocolate this treat is just perfect for me
You amizing
Cute tell me how to make it
How are u suposto eat that
Do you no charlis
we made that it is so good
where can you get the push pop containers at?
were do you buy the push pops
Looks like a rootbeef flout
all these r so cute
I am from the UK so where can you get the push pop container things from?
im going to do this but instead of buttercream, im going to use marshmallow cream!
OMG a bunch of new videos are out and I ain't even seen them yet! And MERRY CHRITSMASSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! x
isn't it is hard to not taste the cream when it is right in front of you
Yummy
Is it ok if we melt some marshmallows and put that ontop instead for a bit more flavour?
I like how easy your recipes are and yet when I make them, the creations still look like a professional made them!
You are such a good cook and so nice I would love if you could be in my family. Thanks Jenn for all your such brilliant ideas!
That's too adorable :3
But awesome video thanks for sharing would do this soon!
I suggest before baking u cut it in circles so it wont come to waste if ever theirs leftovers.
how are you going to eat this ?   loll
can i use clear,plastic cups ?
i hate icing so can i use marshmelloow cream or whip cream Cookies Cupcakes and Cardio
Hiiiii! I love your baking videos really much and I always watch them when I have the time! All these videos always make me hungry! Heheh. Since the festive season is just round the corner, can you please share more creative, fun and easy-to-make recipes with us. Maybe cakes that are Chrismas themed? Thank you so much! I will continue to support you by watching your baking videos and I hope there would be more to come! Love you loads!
I did it
Also do you have a recipe for candy covered popcorn? I have a bunch of lorann oils flavors I want to use to make flavored popcorn!
Where do you get the push pop containers
I'm only allowed bake every second week but I loooove watching your vids just for entertainment!!!
Lol, I was scrolling through my news feed and it took a second for my brain to register that it actually wasn't a real cup of hot chocolate. For a second I was captivated by the clear cup with the candy cane like handle. Very creative and well done.
Hi again Sweet Jen...  What a super sweet idea ~~ thank you so much for sharing...  Have a fun holiday season...  Surie
Yummy
You should make a gingerbread man!  Hi I'm a new subscriber btw lol love your videos!!
Hot Chocolate Push Pops: Push Up Brownies Pops  #hotchocolate   #pushpops   #brownies
I'm in Ontario... Where did you get your Push Pop Containers?
H... / Leapfrog alphabet book radio
So very cute! Thanks Jen.
I like this one. I do feel like that might be a lot of frosting at the beginning when you go to eat it tho. Maybe in a cup with a spoon. Shot glasses with tiny spoons!
A marshmallow butter cream would be good on top!
Super cute but I would do mine in a Christmas cup to make it look even more real :-)
OMG I love this
Cool looks yummy!
How do you eat those? doesn't seem better than normal brownie...
Love it so cute!
Cute!
Awwww
When u push it out to eat, won't the layers of brownies fall over?
Instead of using buttercream,i used a big marshmallow and it came out GREAT!!thanks happy holidays everybody!!!
Lovely
OMG this is so cute :))
Love it! Second lol
First coment!! Wiiiiiiiiiiii!!                PD: im a unicorn
