What about you? What's the least amount of luggage you've ever traveled with? Did it make your trip more enjoyable?
where hat from
Nice tips...  But are nail clippers really allowed in carry on luggage? 🤔
Weight, nobody talks about the weight of the packed carry on.
I like minimalism in general i found out that 50% of what i usually take with me was not used or needed at all
Carry on is usually under 7Kg. This looks heavier
For international travel  1. Do all airlines allow a personal handbag/backpack and a carry-on bag? 2. Do all airlines do not weigh the handbag/backpack and only weigh the carry-on bag in the 7kg carry on weight limit? 3. Do all airlines not weigh whatever we are wearing like coat/sweater, phone, headphones, watch, etc.?
Carry on in New Zealand and Australia is only 7kg.
UNBEARABLE. THEY NEVER GET TO THE POINT. ABORT
If you employ the ranger roll method, you can cut your clothing space by 10-15%.
Just one pair of pants...?????
If you want to bring a bar of soap but it takes up too much space then cut of a small piece if your not going somewhere for too long
Thank you for this vlog I learned a lot of it and I don't know if you still work on this channel but I have one question and that is witch small backpack you are using in this movie. Thank you and greetings from Holland! Henk
Them: your carry on is safe from being lost since its not checked  Me: left my carry on on the plane in the summer..
how much did it weigh?   carry on in asia is 7kg
No mention of weight at all? Many if not most budget airlines only allow 7kg, and I doubt all those things you packed are under 7kg.
I am a bit curious...where did you purchase your carry-on luggage from?
👍
LOL. Don't need any bag.
Could you say which carry-on roller luggage you’re using in the video? Your intro sets up the viewer for a revelation of the luggage…but it never came!
Hello. You mentioned that only under 100ml can be brought in the handcarry. Would that mean a 100ml bottle of perfume would be restricted?
Electric toothbrush, floss, and a bulky electric shaver for DIY haircuts ...... how long are you away from civilisation at any one time?
Think of using zip lock bags for clothes. One can easily rummage through ones’s bag and clothes, etc will remain rolled and easily packable.
I want to do 2 weeks in Jamaica with just a backpack. Wish me luck.
Men are so lucky! This is about half of what I need and I’m really good at packing light! 😂
tip 1) don't use plastic suitcase
Put your costumes on when u travel.  Also put flip flops in ur hand bag. Don’t take cotton for pajamas. Buy satin pajamas as they are quick to dry and thin to pack.  U only need 2 as u can hand wash
Thank you!
Yeah this doesn't work anymore
Can you please make a video of a  way a woman would pack her carryon?
Could you please do a video and show us HOW to measure a carryon bag?  That would help me for sure and others as well.
I'm flying this week for the first time on American Airlines and unfortunately I fly from DC to Phoenix and then have a connecting flight to Anaheim. My carry on bag is 24inches, and I'm worried about checking it. Do you think they'll let me by even though it is 2 inches too long, or if they make me gate check it will I have to worry about it being transferred to my connecting flight?
Wheels are included in the length.
Thank you so much! Very helpful!!
Where did you get that little bag you put all your shampoos and stuff in, what are they called?
Just pleasant voices, and personalities, straight to the point,  Thanks a lot 🙏
Would like to see a guy's winter trip
I don't take any toiletries with me i buy them at my destination. I only bring my toothbrush.
Sunscreen. If you carry medications also carry a list from the pharmacy. A letter from your Dr. if you have a medical condition, in case you become ill. Prescription medications must be in labeled packages/bottles. My pharmacy will prepare small, labeled containers with just the amount needed for the trip. Not only are they carry-on items, I use a money belt with RFID - something I wear, not just keep in my purse - for my prescriptions, the documents listed, money,  passport,  ticket,  boarding pass etc. I cannot lose my medications.
Delta’s measurements include the handles and the wheels of the suitcase. Their measurements are 22” X 14” X 9”.
Remember that you can just put the jacket around your waist. It saves a lot of volume
Traveling international you get free checked bags tho?
Stopped watching when only inches where used and not cm. If you want an broader audience maybe it is good to use both.
COLLAPDIBLE WATER BOTTLE AND COFFEE MUGS: You can get some great collapsible water bottles, and coffee mugs now a days that are great to travel with.
Thanks for the tips.
One of the reasons I simply don’t bother with carry-on only is that 90+% of the other travellers are doing the same thing. Most times when I manage to get on the plane (I’m almost always in the last group to board), all the spaces in the overhead bins are already taken and there’s no room for my bag, forcing you to have to check the bag anyway.   On the flipside, there are jackasses who bring full sized (27”) luggage and pretend they are carry-on. How they weren’t stopped before getting on the plane is anyone’s guess, but it certainly pissed me off seeing it.
What’s the name of your suitcase and backpack
What brand is the back pack that you clip on the carry-on luggage?
For avid readers, Amazon has a mobile app (Kindle) too. So not even an e-reader is necessary.
Thank you for these packing tips. 😊
😎 🆒️ cool
Wow
Could not care what guys bring. Let's see what your wife packs.
Ryanair company, for example, doesn't include the 10kg carry-on luggage, it just includes one small package, which is awful cause that means you have to pay for your carry-on around 25 euros!! Also, some companies include just one carry-on suitcase but not the small backpack.....
That toothbrush is WAY too large.
Very good idea for packing luggage.
What makes me hassle-free as a traveler is my Nomad Lane Bento bag. I like that it has trolley sleeve and a lot of compartments!
Very good
Good luck with trying to get on a plane now with both those cases. Most airlines have changed the hand luggage policy
agreed!! i travel a lot and i NEVER check luggage!!    great video!
Notice that you definitely do not bring any nice clothing in order to go to nice restaurants or to special events.  Perhaps the next video you do should include a disclaimer about the type of traveling you are doing so that viewers know not to spend time watching if this does not fit their type of traveling.  Thank you for your time in making this.
Oh god.. Inches...
I don’t remember mentioning the maker of the stuff you use??
"SO, why would you want to travel with one bag?"  "SO we did some research..." "SO, basically..." "SO, first of all..." SO, for example..." SO. SO. SO. :-)
This is way larger than Ryanair's free carry on (40 x 20 x 25 cm)
Coming from a business perspective  This just is the most selfish way of travel
Thx. This was very helpful. I needed this.
What Backpack is this?
How to pack for 5 days?? (I'm a woman, btw)
Best tip for packing light: BE THIN.
What is needed is over head bins that are NUMBERED same as seats. Only those in that numbered seat should use the same numbered locker. That will stop people taking too much. So if you fill up your over head locker, you CANNOT use someone elses!
interesting to see you don't use packing cubs
Please tell me what is company name of your backpack 💜🙏
It’s easier to pack for a summer trip than a winter trip, your summer cloths are thinner and you can get more than your winter trip.
I always pack my pjs on top, so when I get to my destination and want to go to bed I don’t have to dig for them
Haha, I've never traveled with that much stuff! The bar laundry soap is a good one, tho. 🙂
Great video. Getting ready to travel and recently purchased a small carry on suitcase, in order to save money. I'm thinking about using vacuum bags in order to carry a little bit more. Thanks for this video.
Hi! Do you think it is ideal to vacuum pack clothes when packing a large luggage (30kg)? Thanks!
If I label anything as "just in case", it stays home. I don't need an umbrella, because I have a rain coat with a hood (and I check the weather before leaving). I don't even take a laptop, since my iPad does everything I need while I'm traveling. Pairing down your gear will make your trip even more enjoyable. Travel light and travel right.
Packing carry on only is a goal of mine, let's see when we can travel again...
This video was intended for campers and the wilderness type people; nearly impossible for one to pack like this for a cruise and or an all-inclusive land stay.
Thank you for speaking like adults. Not the norm on YouTube.
Hi. May I ask what is the max. volume capacity of your carryon backpack allowed in the cabin? 25li or 30li, etc.?
Only pack one pair of shoes?! ( only packed slippers 🤣)
What kind of toiletry bag is that?
I think most airlines have a 7kg carry on limit. Is this for both the case and backpack combined or separate? Also are there size restrictions on the backpack?
T-Shirt + Underwear + Socks = Ranger-role 🤗
Hi there, Nice one and quite helpful. Can you tell me how much did your luggage = suitcase+bag (at the end of the video) weigh approximately ?
loved it
I would also add a luggage scale. Thanks for the video and useful comments. I am travelling to Portugal for a month and found TAP Portugal Air has an even stricter carry-on baggage policy if flying economy class: Economy Class: 1 piece of baggage up to 8 kg / 55x40x20 cm / 22x16x8 in + 1 personal item up to 2 Kg / 40x30x15 cm / 16x12x5 in.
My first overseas trip and first airplane ride was 2018 and your video helped me a lot to decide on the items that are very essential to bring on my trip. Keep up making informative videos! ❤️ Also, I noticed that some people have different opinions on the comment section and that's okay because there is no "one size fits all" when it comes to packing as every one has different needs.
"wash it in the evening and let it dry during the night" what kind of clothes is he talking about? i mean generally, regular clothes don't dry in a few hours, unless they're specialized clothes. you'r regular cotton tee won'T dry in a day.
U don't show anything🤔
Heres a tip, Pack small items into shoes!!!! Though if your a girl so NOT pack undies in you shoes!!! it can cause infections!!!!
I packed for a two week trip to Scotland; seven outfits total, including my travel outfit; in a carry on. I did get really tired of wearing those clothes, but it worked and I had a fabulous time.
I stopped whe I heard audiobook
I also would like to see the ladies packaging
Thank you for the video! The information and travel tips are most appreciated.
U are boring I think I just fell 💤
I will be traveling to Acapulco and Mexico City , so these things will work just fine for Delta?
Whose here on quarantine  👇🏼
Cool, but you did not show where you packed the toiletries...   what are you hiding?  :)
Carry on luggage is 5kg plus handbag/shoulder bag, does the bag and contents weigh within limits?
Excellent video !,! Thanks a many. 👌🏼👌🏼👍👍
Which back pack is featured in this video? Need purchase link
wow , i just got $35,000 via hack transfer  from officialextremehackers/  com, they are the best !
did they open an umbrella in doors 😭
Thanks for sharing these great ideas    Worth to mention that you can choose smaller options (for example, foldable toothbrush, fist-size umbrella,  tiny floss .. etc)   You can check MR Bean "The Holiday Suitcase" episode for more ideas XD
Thanks, you're awesome
Excellent tips! I recommend also using packing squares as this helps you bring less things on your trip. I posted a few tips of my own on my channel.
Right you never know what you'll pick up on the way, so a face mask and hand sanitiser are useful.
If everyone has carry-on luggage they might insist you put your bag in the hold. I've seen this happen a few times especially on flights with a cheaper carry-on only ticket.
I suggest u roll them uo them.cube them. So much easier and u can segregate cclothes. And always wrap shoes in plastiv. I dont understand filthy people who mix their shoes with their clean clothes!😖 who does that?! Did they not have a mum?!😒
2:21 video begins for those who thought they were clicking a video on Minimalist Packing Tips for Carry-Ons.
Quickest way to ruin the wheels on any suitcase is to drag it on 2 wheels, always stand it up and use the 4 wheels.. 👍
Great for guys.....but what if you are a person with medications, or who "has to wear" make-up for business meeting purposes, or has to pack heels, or needs to wear bras, or also needs non negotiable hygiene products----I feel like minimalism is great if you are a dude going to the wilderness, but for those of us who live deep inside of the confined walls of civilization and who have a v------, the carry-on only life seems like a pipe dream.
You should mention wearing merino wool t-shirts. Keep you cool in summer, warm in winter, breathe really well and are odor free. Same with underwear and socks made of merino wool
Bravo amigos. Love  to be minimalist... that is freedom!  Thank you !   Oliver
i usually bring 2 pocket books, then if i find a scandinavian charter hotel  (i can read 3 of the languages) ill check their lobby for a bookshelf for "recycled" books and exhange mine
Remember the measurements have to include wheels and handles. Most don’t include those when advertising their dimensions.
Nail clippers I thought were banned. Also can I bring my own bottle of water if it’s small ? Also how do I take my medicines? Everything like that I’m in carry on
Oh my freaking gawd, halfway through, and still nothing.
I think ttavel will be set aside.ill have to make myself averhaul beautifiying so ill be presentable.
I simply can't travel light since I work away from my home country and when going for vacation I buy hella presents for the family.
Great advice.  Love it.  And excellent presentation.
19" is max on European budget airlines like RyanAir, EasyJet  etc.
umbrellas are sometimes confiscated (Dominican Republic flight to Florida)
Quick question? I need one asap   Do you measure the size of the  carryon suitcase with or without its wheels?
What kind of watch are you wearing?
The only problem I would have with "if you need it, you can buy it over there", is what do you do if it's cheap and wear out quicker? And if it last, now you have two of the same item, do you just throw it away before you leave?
I like cubes too, and I'd dump the clipper for a trad razer and go for a manual toothbrush. Much lighter.
I really loved this video. Great job. The only question i have is ...how do you lock your carry on bag or backpack? Here in India, depending on your destination, you need to lock them before you get them scanned or some items may (there is a probability) go missing. The body scan takes longer than your bag's screening and some one may just unzip it and walk away with something valuable to you.
Great video. I've never flown and i am a little nervous. Always good to watch videos like this to learn.
the less you have to carry around, the more pleasant it would be - true fact!
No ice bucket...?
Oh come on! Where are the centimeters. 2.54 cm to an inch. Not all the rest of the world has stayed with the Imperial system of weights and measures. If you are doing a YouTube vlog/ video then bare this in mind please. After all, you are the ones trying to convince someone else that what you have to say had worth and substance.
...legend has it after seeing how light she could travel he immediately proposed
For light one bag travel you don’t need a hard sided case, and you don’t need a wheeled case. You lose a ton of space with the wheels and the handle stowage at the back of the case.   Use a backpack or carry on sized soft sided bag with shoulder strap.
What is the size of the trolley.? 22 or 24 or 26.?
Good rule of thumb: most of the airlines allow 20' suitcase as carry on.
bathroom kit: you could condense to a travel size of everything, your razor is huge. You could try Phillips One-Blade. Also, the electric toothbrush and all the various chargers...really???
Some airlines limit a carry-on to 8 kg.  Do you really need a plastic case with a carry rack, handle and spinners?
can you still bring a ruck sack with hand luggae to date?
For 4 weeks or less, I travel with a regular "school" backpack, even when travelling to two different climate zones.  I pack like Leland Unruh.  It makes my trip much more enjoyable than carrying heavy luggage.  Laundromats can be found anywhere so packing only a few items is not an issue.
Would be great to know what a female would need to pack...esp if packing extras like jewellery, make up and feminine hygiene. We also wear more things! Good video but not really that comprehensive
2:36 Metric PLS
5:28 some grandmas would be shocked that you did this inside lmao!
I would have swapped out the large tooth brush, floss and clippers for smaller sizes and brought more underwear.
Great video! Where is the backpack from?
what are nine inches in normal sizes?
👍 👍 👍
Looking forward to trying the laundry bar. Great video
i like this video. thanks :)
Thank you for sharing these tips What about cosmetics makeup??
Guys, please don't use the word "amount" with countable nouns. Use "number" instead. For example, you don't say "an amount of bottles" but "a number of bottles". You use "amount" for uncountable nouns such as water or money. Clear?
This video is aimed for first time travelers that never stepped outside?? Cause this is actually just common sense..
“Audiobooks are essentials to avoid carring heavy books” yeah, because ebooks are heavy 🤬
Can somebody explain to me how you get the things you need during the flight out of these suitcases? Because I obviously can't unfold these bags in the plane.
19 Liter Tom Bihn back pack that can be counted as a personal item.  For those flights where they don't even allow a carry on w/o charging.
Nice.. Very useful
5:13 what toiletry bag is that?
I loved this video. So straight forward and useful unlike many other videos regarding traveling and packing tips
Thank you dears 😘
what type of "personal item" small blue backpack do you own? It is pictured from 11:20 to 12:20 in this video.  I like it, and I may want to buy it. Thanks!
Great Video. Thank you for posting.
I would like to see what your wife packs. I need a females perspective:)
Hello! This video is a really handy advice for sb who wants to start minimalism/light packing. But I have a question: how do u guys define minimalism? I’m wondering bc i define minimalism also by being environmentally friendly so i wouldn’t use plastic/rubber flip flops in the first place, neither would I pack them in a plastic bag. My alternative for the same purpose as u mentioned is having some tipe of slippers of straw which can also get wet (but u have to let the dry on the air so i can see y sb wouldn’t like to use them) and wrap them in my towel (bc i only need these two items at the same time) or if u really need to use some type of bag, a fabric bag (some enterprises hand them out for free). Greetings from Montréal, Finn.
Can you send a link to that carry on bag that you have in the video?
Tell me how to do all that.
Well I'm getting ready to go to Detroit Michigan on Wednesday I was going Thursday on going next week on Wednesday the 14th 2019 one Troy Michigan on the Greyhound bus tell me how to pack light and everything that y'all talkin about.
Tell me how to do all that.
Tell me how to do that.
Just tell me how to do that.
What's up tell me how to y'all pack out bags light cuz I got like another traveling bag that I take with me with the man I got one I just robbed me of my underwear my medicine then I got one for my laptop my bookbag tell me how to do pack my shoes to fit up and show me how to do that.
Great video, only bad thing with the plan is you can’t bring in anymore fluid than 3 oz!  Where does one pack all their beverages!?
You talk too much but didn't say anythimg important
Bring.  Bring.  Bring.
electric toothbrush????Really...heavier and totally unnecessary. Just bring simple toothbrush no electricity required
I don't think that you can carry nail clippers on an airplane.
This is so cool - I'm recommending this video to friends.     Unfortunately, it's of no use to us (my husband and I), since we pretty much only travel to attend events, and (for us) that means taking (a) costume and accessories, (b) a collection of dolls, (c) a whole host of crafting supplies and equipment (often a combinaton of all three), and there's no way you can do that with just carry-on.   I'm hard-pushed to fit everything I take into the largest size of checked-luggage bag, plus carry on, plus "personal item" bag (full Elizabethan, Regency, and Science-Fiction costumes, for example, plus relevant underpinnings, footwear, jewellery, and accessories... Sometimes we have to wear our bulkiest hats onto the plane as packing them wouldn't work).  One trip we mailed all our dirty laundry home so we could have space in our bags for all the things we acquired while we were there.   It doesn't help that I seem to be incapable of packing light, so there are a plethora of alternatives and just-in-case items that I want to include for every trip.   Teddy
I agree with most of J Coles comments. A large electric toothbrush and hair clippers are just space wasters.  A small umbrella never goes astray and would take up less space than the two aforementioned articles.  Packing cubes are a good idea in some circumstances but not all and not necessarily for a longer trip. They are great for cruising as you can take them out of your suitcase and put them straight in drawers or closets. However, Space Bags are a godsend on longer trips. You can buy travel bags which you roll to Express the air and boy do they save space!  Really though, just pack what you need plus one extra outfit that you Want to take in case you do something a little bit special.  Be safe and enjoy you trip.
Don't have time to check the other comments, I'm packing. But:  How long a trip are you packing for? 3 days? Otherwise this is not at all realistic. I go for 2 weeks or more.  Sample size toothpaste & floss from dentist office. Non electric razor with short round handle! Soap, shampoo, and detergent leaves!  Think about women's clothing needs, travel in cool/wet weather or more than 1 climate or changeable weather. Going to Ecuador? It has jungle, beach and the Andes. Going to pour rain? Shoes don't dry overnight, even light tennies or tevas, and you don't want foot rot. Nor do cotton tees or most underwear, even nylon ones, even with a/c, now that most hotels have setups that turn off the power to your room when you leave it. What if you spill sauce or a car driving through a mud puddle sprays your one pair of pants? If you are visiting any other country, especially, it behooves you to show your respect by presenting yourself in a tidy manner.
Hi! What backpack did you use in this video? 😊
Only problem is that we're limited here to 7kgs carry on even though I can fit more than I need in my 40litre pack.
Hi..I like the back back can you tell me what is the brand or where to buy it? Thank you
Very nice Jobe ! Thank you !!!
so....  Dr. Strange have a brother
Tip #1, this video is a waste of your time
IPOD???????????????
What brand of hat is in this video?
Good one! Thank you! ❤
You guys are cool 😎 Thk you for all your tips 🙏
looks nice but really? Only one pair of pants?  Also, this works for slim people who wear small clothes. Clothes for plus size folks take up a LOT more room, so trying to get all this in a larger size into a carry on is pretty impossible
Can I bring a glass foundation? It's only 30 ML but it's GLASS.
Hi, thank you for sharing this video, very helpful!! Do you happen to have the link for the backpack? I can’t find one that attaches to my carry on Peace ✌🏼
Hello from Germany, i like your videos a lot, very good Tipps:–). I do not find your food bowl the silver round one here, can you send me the link so i can bye it. Thank you Marion
where is the foldable spork from?
Im not sure you can allow like additional luggage, this small green backpack carry on, with other suitcase thogheter on the cabin, many companies may not allowed i guees.
Is a bag 22" long, 9" High ,14" wide ok for carry on???
Where do you buy a laundry bar? I've never seen such a product before...
You are nice people - thank you for such a helpful video!
I have had good luck with the long narrow rectangle cubes rather than squarish packing cubes.
A furoshiki or two can be used as "compression" for clothing etc and can be used as hats, scarves, bags, etc at your destination. Versatility from squares of silk and silk-like material.
Also, what about pyjamas?
They'll never let you bring an umbrella like that, no way. A small pop up one, yes, but that big yoke with the pointy end, forget it!!!
The manner in which you measured the suitcase is inaccurate for many airlines.  You showed measuring the bag itself, but the wheels count in the length for most airlines.
I typed atom bomb but said °no result° so i can bring them?
Вам бы Победой полететь...
Hi! Any link for the little carry case?
I found to be one of the more sensible ‘’minimalist’ travel hacks = out of so many on offer. I always keep my coat and sweater handy. Planes & even airports can be chilly, and except in extremely hot weather walking around with your coat draped over your suitcase or over your arm would not be out of place. I would also add *packing cubes! ✅
Please be aware for international travel you can only carry on 15 pounds.
I almost always bring a carry on and a purse on a domestic flight. International flights passengers are limited one carry on that is 15 pounds. I haven't been able to do that.
May I ask how many kilos have you packed in your carry on luggage? Most airlines allow up to 7kg only for economy.
3 pairs of underwear is ridiculous especially if you’re a woman. If I’m sleeping at a friends house for one night i bring 2 pairs of panties.
Most low cost airlines in europe have a weight limit of between 10 and 15 kg for carry on luggage and some dont allow a second small bag
Well my check in is free because I fly to another continent (Asia)
I like the micro-fiber towel.
I'm going to a business conference and mostly trying to have impressionable outfits is what is taking so much room. Also clothes for sleeping and down time. I realized my backpack wouldnt pass for personal item size so I'll have to rearrange and pull out some clothes and minimize underwear and socks too.
Does anyone know where they got that travel backpack from??? I love it and would like to buy it.
Did you just assume my carry on bag size?
What kind of carry-on was it?
Nice video! I like the shirt you are wearing. What brand is that ? Also how to manage packing a suit ?
You must be the ones who take up all the room in the overhead compartment!!!!
Enjoyed the vid. Very useful info. I LOVED the wall hanging - unique and beautiful.  The plant in the corner was less enthusiastic ;-)
Some airlines don't allow nail clippers.
Is there a list of products you recommend? E.g. what the brand of the hat you've mentioned or the make of the laundry bar? Many thanks
Awesome video guys thanks so much :)
You guys are awesome! I agree, books can pile up and I made a rule with myself to only bring 3! not including guide books! and my leuchtturm1917 springback binder Journal which I highly recommend for swapping papers in and out!
Thank you so much!!!  I'm going to do this next trip!!
The military roll to fold clothes is the best way to save space, and it also looks super neat and adventurous.
Nail clippers as carry-on? Nope, not on any airline I've used recently
great video very helpful thanks :)
here in australia its hard as we only have a 7kg carry on limit.. if you need to bring more you have to pay for more kg.
Very useful traveling bag 💼 making thanks for sharing this video
just spent 10 days in Peru and 1 day in Miami altogether 11 days, only carry-on suit case and my backpack.  managed to pack 6 pairs of pants, 10 tops, 2 light jackets. a scarf + 2 PJ Ts, 2 hats, flip flops, panties & bras, 11 pairs of socks, 2 small purses, 1 tablet, snacks, toiletries, cosmetics and etc.   Stacked the clothing and roll them, easy and wrinkle free.  Never check your suitcase due to THEFT (was a victim!!!).
V
Hi there , great video. I would have liked to see what the lady took in her bag as well.
Thanks for sharing. Guys are simpler but for ladies, we will have more stuff to pack. I wish to see the packing of the lady that is with you. This bag will be enough for the essential but if we include shopping then the bag will be too small.
My traveling trick is more for while your there, sightseeing, and souvenir shopping, and so on. My tip is that you mail everything to yourself. Put all the souvenirs that you don’t/can’t take on the plane in there, maybe even pack your actual clothes and stuff in there to save space in the carry on. Just remember this do move around and things may break if you didn’t pack them properly before mailing them. That happen to me and my poor little tea cup.
How much in sm?
Great
Ah you didnt show yourself trying to shut that suitcase! I was hoping to see the good part where you try to squish all that toiletry shut onto the top of your clothes in such a small case or what might happen once things get opened and repacked.
Dude's voice sounds exactly like Adam Scott :)
How much does those weighs? Because most airlines bound to europe only limits 8kg for both personal and cabin luggage. Thanks
And for the next video. How to travel with a suitcase that's too large. I don't pay for baggage and I hesitate buying another suitcase.
How much weight is your carry on???
What is that awesome backpack in the video?
Regarding liquid or gel, this should be less than 100ml . Then how about hair lotion,  facial cream?  I am planning to travel europe  for 14 days and I am not sure if 100 of shampoo is enough for 14 days.   For women, there are more toiletries needed. like face cleanser, oil, body lotion and so on. i do not think i can get them all in carry on bag.  So i am thinking of a suitcase rather than carry on bag. please give me some advise.
So you generalizing warmer weather or Colder weather for the Packing 🤔👍
What backpack?  Also empty water bottle and fill in hotel gym or where clean water can be found .  Great content!
compression cubes and bags are brilliant for making more room in a small bag/case
Great tips but I need to bring gifts to family so need checked backage
really interesting and ingenious ! thank you so much for sharing
Evening wear??
Thank you so much for this video
Thank you
Great packing tips! Thanks 👍🏼
Unfortunately many flights only let you take one carry on and one personal item, and the personal item isn't supposed to be large.  In other words, you can't really take a max carry on backpack and roller without paying extra (or accepting their "offer" to check your rolling luggage into the hold).  So the challenge becomes how to pack everything into one MLC bag.
where can i buy that backpack?
In the beginning of your video, you said you two traveled for almost a year with those two small backpacks. Explaining / illustrating that would have been much more interesting! That's what I expected to see, but instead I watched your 13-minute video where you didn't even mention that fact. Jaye Cole gives some important tips (below), and I would just add that for women be sure to bring something long sleeved and long skirt or pants, as shorts and revealed arms (on women) are frowned upon in many churches and museums around the world. Also, many planes are chilly, so wearing your sweater and/or lightweight wrap saves luggage space.
so why so poor bags
What suitcase did they use?
Black T shirts, blue jeans always match everything else. Most of your toiletries can be bought at your destination, or may be provided by your hotel.
Thank you for putting your shoes into a bag! I see so many people just throw them in there and wonder if they cleaned them first.
Hello. Great video. You never had a problem with the water bottle?
Only douchebags misuse the word "hack"
Great  video. Love it
I'm trying not to pack 4 bags for 3 people...help me
Perfect, as long as you never go anywhere with a dress code or above 3 stars...Ha!
U talked a lot
CUBES!!!!
just got back from spain today wore a outfit and packed 2x shorts 2x tshirts. washed my underwear and socks on arrival and didnt wear them again till i left. could have really just done with 1x shorts 1x tshirt. phone did camera and anything extra. kindle for books could probably pack my suitcase in your electronics bag
Compression packing cubes!
If you like to use packing cubes, I’ve found that using the plastic zipper bags that come with pillowcases, comforters and other things.  They work great and are see through.  Other products use these bags so I have them in all different sizes.
So far this is the nost useful video ive seen! Thank you so much for making this 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
They don’t allow glass tubbaware right? Where did you get your steel one from?
Is this intel valid for Britain in 2019?
Glad you made the point about packing with some space left in mind. There are countless packing videos which stress wearing your heaviest shoes jackets Etc on the plane, and then the suitcase is packed so tight that you couldn't fit a roll of Lifesavers in there. It never seems to be addressed as to how you're going to manage to take that heavy outfit and fit that in the suitcase , when you have only removed a relatively light  outfit to wear the next day. I usually pack with my heaviest outfit in the luggage , and my thinnest outfit left out, this way, even if I do decide to wear my heaviest outfit on the plane I know for sure that it will all fit.
Waste of time
Audible is following me in every video ☺️
Are u benedict cumberbatch?
Please do the women's side of minimalist packing, tho!!
I'm travelling a lot for business, spending around 250 nights a year in hotels and I always travel on carry on. But I pack entirely different and more space saving. First of all the "personal item" bag will hold all electronics like charger, small laptop, e-reader and cables, but it also holds the transparent liquids bag with all bathroom stuff. Laptops, e-readers and the liquid bag need to go thru the security check x-ray on their own and therefore you need to reach them fast and easy. I hate the people in front of me who are unfolding their trolley and then start digging for those things. What a waste of time.... You also want to have your chargers in quick reach as most of the planes have USB or power plugs in the seats, especially on long haul flights.   The trolley then gets all clothes, sport shoes, shaver and stuff you need. Always travel with only one pair of shoes as they eat up a lot of space. And never pack a jacket or hoodie in the suitcase. You want to wear them on the airport and maybe even on the plane. It might get cold. And they also eat up a lot of space. I pretty much get everything for up to 14 days into carry on and I do not wash anything. I have enough fresh clothes with me and I pack in cubes rather than rolling the stuff. Maybe I have plenty of experience and therefore I use up all the space very well.   One other advice: by a very good 4 wheel trolley. Quality is what matters. The smaller the wheels the shittier it rolls. and if you ever needed to run on an airport to catch that connection flight, the wheel make a massive difference. I did spend a fortune on a Rimowa cabin trolly and I never want to go back. 5 years and about 60 flights a year and it is still in perfect shape.   And to finish, the most important, never travel without item are my noise cancelling headphones. I would not board a plane without them.
Did you (or any other people here) had trouble with your water bottle or mug to pass security? Since it's steel & blunt I thought they are considered weapons? O.o Would love to give up my plastic bottle for them, but afraid airport security takes them away from me :(
How long are you going for
When you do the measuring of the carry-on suitcase, wheels MUST be included!
Patagonia packing cubes are terrific; as are Eagle Creek cubes
aren't you supposed to measure the wheels too?
I would be curious to know the weight on that rolling case.  Most airlines allow it to be 10kg plus your personal item.  We are flying Interjet to Toronto that only allows 10kg TOTAL.
Thanks very useful info.
2:35 just a warning, most airlines include the wheels when measuring
should not  carry nail cutter
What is the backpack that was featured in this video?
Great pointers. I agree with the rule of 3 - underwear, t-shirts, socks. 2 pants - wear one, jumper, wind breaker, 2 scarves - one warm, other decorative, small toiletries, small tech bag and small make-up.
umbrella was confiscated from my carry-on
an entire industry revolving around the tsa...unbelievable.
Way too much stuff and no need to pack toiletries that can be purchased in travel size for a few dollars.
All is fine when you're traveling in US or some parts of Europe. In Asia, most budget airlines only allowed 7kg/15.4lbs of carry-on, so the packing that you've shown here will not work in this part of the world, unless youre taking a regular full priced airlines
when you measure the suitcase you need to include the wheels in the length!
9:14 An electric toothbrush? I would bring a travel toothbrush with me, which you can fold together!
And the tips are: WHY you should travel light. Huh?
That is an impressive packing tutorial, this left me thinking of my own packing habits and how to improve them.
Biggest problem for carryon imo is that you can't take trekking poles or small pocket knives-- if you hike, you might need these.
inches??? baaah Be more universal guys!
great tips!
Leave out the shampoo, conditioner,stuff like that and buy travel size at the destination
Luggage rules vary from country to country and airlines. International flights permit you an extra piece on board. But a domestic flight at your destination may not allow an extra piece. Therefore be prepared for a checked in baggage. It is better to learn about baggage rules at destination before you plan the trip. Btw baggage size is the overall dimension which includes wheels and handles. Concealed wheels would be slightly better. Bon voyage
Hi, Thank you for the video but you need to watch more packing and minimalist videos, you are carrying so much and not that travel savvy options!
Thank you for making this video. I really like your small backpack especially the way you can attach it to the carry-on. Please provide the brand and where you bought it.
🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Mate, as you haven't packed anything smart, of course you can get away with a small case.  Your tips are good for a short trip but not much use for a 2-week holiday where you have to dress up most evenings.  I don't really want to roll up my shirts and suits and stuff them into a small space.
Helpful. :) On my phone and then printed out: a list in the suitcase (ditto make up bag etc) of what should be in it. That way i don’t leave things behind!  Have packing lists for wkd, hot weather, cold weather trips on phone. Add to and delete as needed. Saves time cuz the thinking was done. I take pix of what i didn’t wear so i don’t bring it again.
Audio books do take up space just not in your bag but on your device. As much as I like packing light, I find a physical book is really nice sometimes
Some International Airlines have a weight limit on the carry on bag of 22 pounds. So the lighter the bag the more clothing, etc. you can carry in it. The hard composite cases and aluminum cases weigh more than a soft material case, so keep this in mind.
What is the backpack in the video?
You didn't specify the size of a 'small' backpack that's acceptable.
Get on with it, jeeze talk about dragging it out 😴😴😴
Video starts at 7:31 all aboard ✈️
British veteran entertainers/ traveloguers Michael Palin, David Attenborough and Joanna Lumley all wear linens, Palin especially can go from a jungle to an opera in basically the same outfit.   Apart from clothes, and cards/phone, drink bottle and toothbrush is all you need, everywhere has freebie toiletries - backpackers have bins of leftover, or ask housekeeping/ hosts.  Use the same efficiency for travel in your own country - aircraft based or not.
We cruise routinely using just a carry on.  My husband has takes his suit with him and a little black dress pretty much works for anything formal.  We just did a Panama Canal cruise in a carry on.  We had a very early flight (which is not recommended when you cruise) and it allowed us to walk off....we actually had time for breakfast before our flight!   It has simplified our lives, there are no more clothing meltdowns and when we return home, we continue the wu sah of the cruise by not having to wash lots of wash.  It's great not to have luggage fees and we always know that we will have our luggage upon our arrival to our destination!  Packing lighter has totally changed our lives!
U will need more than 1 pair of pants
Hello.  Thank you for your packing tips.  Can I ask you?  What brand is that backpack you used on video.
Pretty cool video, good info. I travel a lot & always over pack. Will try some of these tips.
*I love that you still have an IPOD.  I love my IPOD.  It's the 4th gen.  But,  it still works for music.  That's all I normally use it for now a days.  I have my phone,  Kindle for my Gaming things.   But I normally just carry my IPOD for music if there's no internet access.*
Would be great (and time saving for viewers) when you give the size not only in inches but in cm, too
I have a massive problem with over packing (and still not have what I need), though I went on a month long cruise once and I put a lot of thought into packing (because I had no other choice). I only had one suitcase and I had everything I needed. I did end up going to the formal dining room in sneakers, but I refused to take more than one pair of shoes. Shoes take up room! 😋
What do you do if you want enough space to at least bring some stuff back?
Nice vid! But I would have liked to see the woman pack her bag too!
There is i=only one TSA, and that is i the USA.  TSA is not a term you can use to interchange with other justifications.
Can anyone tell me what brand of backpack this is? The pockets look so convenient! Thanks
I used to have packing cubes but 1 gallon ziploc bags work better ....are cheaper .... weigh less.... and take up less space
It's meat puppets like you who have made travel sooo delightful these last few years. You stroll onto the plane with your fully stuffed "Carry On", Plus at least one or two more bags and items, and then proceed to jam the overhead bins full to overflowing, all whilst blissfully oblivious to the needs of others. I've been flying internationally since 1963, and can say, without a doubt, that plane travel has become far too democratized and available to peasants such as yourselves.
Top 10 items:  1. Phone 2. Passport 3. Wallet  4. Clothing  5. Washbag  6. Camera (smartphones have no zoom)  7. Power bank  8. Travel adapter  9. Headphones (noise cancelling is nice) 10. Laptop/Tablet Bonus: Bluetooth speaker
With all there is to carry that you'd absolutely need with you, and with all your talk of minimalism and traveling light, why would you carry an electric toothbrush that may require you to carry a few extra brush heads, when toothbrushes and other toiletries are available in likely every basic small town and large city across the planet?  And if you are particular to a kind of toothbrush type (e.g. a soft head) there are lighter toothbrush handles that you can buy with extra heads that you can use for the rest of your trip.  Why carry one more thing that you'd need to charge, burning more energy, when a recyclable and considerably lighter toothbrush (with extra replacement heads) can be discarded so easily?
Idk why I’m watching this. I love checking bags, so convenient! I don’t have to haul my stuff through the airport, can pack as much moisturizer & shampoo as I want, and don’t have to deal with overhead compartments. Also the two airlines I fly most often offer either 1 or 2 free checked bags!! Then I just bring my purse on the plane, easy peasy.
Can you please tell me what is the name of your backpack and where can I purchase it.I am having a hard time finding a backpack that has a strap to tie it to the carryon.Thank you
Good video! Loving the tips in the Comments as well!
can you please use centimeters? US is the only state to use inches for measurement and for others its very confusing... not every convertion is showing the same measure,  and with the carry on its quite essential to know the exact measures...
I always carry some basic first aid with me (simple over the counter meds to deal with common issues as well as simple supplies like bandaids, moleskin, antibiotic ointment, gauze, etc.). I do this even when I'm not traveling, but all the more so when I am.
Thank you for your tutorial.  Can i ask?  What's the name/brand of the carry on suitcase your showing?  Thank you.
Thank you very much for sharing 😁😁😁...... This was extremely helpful 🌍 🏝️ 🚕 🛫 😎
Use a manual toothbrush.   Takes up less space.
I would just buy the shampoo and other liquids there.  As I am a photographer I would take camera gear with me and layer my cloths if posdible. And put a folldable backpack in it. No liquids orcsharp objects. I do unfortunatly not travel much. I would love to though.
Is it just me or does the guy also look like Doctor Strange?
i've always use compress vacuum bag for more space! it was so much better than rolling up the clothes.. ;)
Take some wax wraps and you can wrap your soap bars in after your shower they can also be used for sandwiches. To make small bowls for snacks very useful for most things.
Does the carryon size include the wheels?
Thanks!
I need these tips because I only use Cary ons
Just a tip, wear more clothes on the day you go to the airport to save space in your luggage. You can easily wear 2 t-shirts and a hoodie, plus a jacket, then wear 1 piece of underwear and a thin shorts underneath your trousers. This alone saved 1 t-shirt, hoodie and your shorts in your luggage.
You said you bring a lot of snacks in your personal bag What kind of snacks
Where is the blue backpack from?
I honestly think that check in bags are essential for me because I travel internationally to the Philippines and I stay there in my house for like a month
I travelled to 3 continents for 10 weeks on a 40 liter bag and a drawstring
After lots of travel I’m an expert at packing light. A few ideas - layer for cooler weather, wear bulky item/s on plane,  3 only of socks, undies, bras, scarves (cool weather), 2 pairs of shoes, mix and match clothing - some casual, some more dressy. Love seeking out laundromats for clothes washing and to chat with locals.
Nothing is mentioned about the restrictive weight allowed being 7kgs specified by all airlines. None of the videos shown on youtube ever tell you the final weight when they finish packing!
How can you take with you on your carry on the nail cliffer.i got trouble before at the airport bec it says sharp😕they took it away from me the nail cliffer
Metric system people!
He says packing minimally then continues to pack a hair clipper, an electric toothbrush and charger for it a full bar of soap (2) and 2 large travel liquid containers and a stainless steel reusable container.
Which Company you have Backpack 6.02 ?
Its triggering me how they're pulling the luggage.
3:29 ... is the question mark really necessary in that search field? XD
Didn't know floss was allowed in carry on.
I regularly travel with 1 carry on bag and 1 laptop bag
Who brings a full-size umbrella with him on a trip? Get a compact one.
One pair of pants??? That's all you bring?
What kind of backpack was that?
Zip leg cargo pants/shorts.
I'd love to know the make and model of the backpack you have used in this video?  Great video, Thanks for sharing!
Gave it a thumbs up since I liked it.
When you measure the suitcase, you need to include the wheels.
Thank you for the tips. This is what I needed. I don’t travel light. My husband always teases me I packed as if I’m not going back home 😀
would like to see same video but for women, the.
Vacuum bag will give you 25% more room!
I am completely the opposite - I check everything.  The last thing I want to do is drag luggage everywhere.  Also, by not putting anything into the overhead bins, I can enter and exit the aircraft in minutes - and silently judge everyone trying to shove their oversized carryon into the overhead bins :0)
What about traveling to colder weathers ? Do you think is still doable on only cabin luggage ?
I'm a packing cubes fan and I mostly use the konmari method of folding. I was in Italy for two weeks in October so I brought more than 3 pairs of underthings - don't really like to wash and hope everything gets dry. For a woman, you need some minimalist make-up and face care products. My backpack is pretty empty when I leave so I can carry back statues and such when traveling in Asia.
My problem is cosmetics. I can't have all my toiletry and cosmetics be under 100ml 😔
Most European flights charge a lot for check in luggage, like £20-30 per bag so I always just go with check in luggage. Some airlines like Easy Jet and Ryanair don't even allow an extra personal item, I remember having to shove my handbag into my carry on suitcase....
Love it!  I liked yor video.  Perhaps we could subscribe to each other's channel since we both love travel )
Any advice for budget airline cabin luggage as they are getting smaller and smaller for a week holiday to warm climate places please? Cheers
I have seen some airlines only allow 1 bag.  So small handbags had to be placed in the carry on bag.  They were strict enforcing it. I alway carry on some Gorilla waterproof repair tape 1 inch and 2 inch.   Personally, I wouldn't travel anywhere without my Swiss Army Knife so handy, so for that reason I always check in 1 bag.
Rolling clothes doesn't take up less space.   Pack flat, and fold t-shirts together with other shirts to avoid wrinkles in the latter.   Don't waste space with toiletry cases.  A 1 qt ziplock bag takes up almost no space, and can carry everything you need.
If going through Dubai make sure your medication does not have codeine in it as it could get you arrested. Same with Tylenol for arthritis and more. It best to check with their embassy. Don’t eat rolls with poppy seeds before you get on plane or on the plane.
rolling does not take less space than laying flat in layers
Where was the laptop sleeve bought?
Nail cutter isn't allowed in many countries in your carry on bags.
Hello. Can you tell me what specific brand/model this carry on luggage is and where it can be purchased?
Very cool video. You got a +1 here 👍
As a woman I do pack some makeup but only a few items, and then for skin creams I am a minimalist also which helps with packing. I find that my husband and i can share the hair products, and I rarely bring  a hair-dryer because most hotels have one or I can let my hair air dry alternatively. The best option for clothes is a few pants, a few skirts, some short sleeve tops and a few longer sleeves plus 1-2 bathing suits and same for shoes and a dress. Try to bring things that wash easily and you can mix and match. Bring some panty-liners for sure also and your daily toiletries, but if you're going with someone you can probably share toothpaste or hair products or something. And you don't need underwear and bras for every day, you  can wash them in the sink and let them air dry if you use some bar soap in the hotel or bring some.
How long are you going to be gone with jus 3 pairs of underwear
I always thought that carry on luggage was one bag !! You have a suitcase case and a backpack .... what if everyone on your flight packed like you , everyone would have their backpacks on their laps because there would be no room left in the overhead storage compartments . I believe your way of travel might be good for you but selfish for others
What about my razor
Could you pack LADIES SUITCASE AND THE AMOUNT OF TIME you will be gone 1 week , 10 days or months??? Thank you Love your video
but there is limit on the weight of carry-on luggage! This only work if you travel 1 wk or less.
I traveled for 3 years.  It was backpacking, too.  But I like to check in.  I carry knives and what-not for cooking...and don't like to think too hard about what's banned and what's not.
I'm 105kg. Even my jeans is heavier and bigger.
how do you  comply with the 3-1-1 rule? is that toiletries bag allow as it is?
Once you padlock case I then cable tie it to the handle. That way no one can get into your case to steal anything. I do it for checked bag only.
Do you have a backpack? Where did you buy?
Geez,  sounds like the airlines and official rules need to get together and have a party to figure it out.
I haven't seen a microfiber towel before. I mean, I've got one for the TV and car, but every time I use it, my Spider-Man fingers catch and it feels like grating nails down a chalkboard :D
Isn't it about bloody time that the USAns switch to the mentally sane metric system? :D
be careful! I work for an airliner and the carry on  measurements INCLUDES the wheels!!
What is the link to the luggage carry-on that you used in the video?
Where is that toiletry bag from?
thanks for the ideas!
Man.. I haven't seen an ipod in a while lol.
So... what if'm i'm going spending november in alaska?
I would love to see a female version of this video.
over the carry on weight limit?
What Kind/brand is that blue backpack that you use with the carryon?
What is all this inches nonsense? When is America going to catch up with the rest of the world and use the metric system?
You might consider shampoo in a bar or shampoo bar. This way you avoid the liquid limitations and can also use it to wash your body. Romans 10:9-10 from the Bible: “That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart one believes unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.”
You have to put in cm
Awesome ideas and useful tips for packing. Thanks guys -great video 👍
What bout your shoes fella!
It's interesting to see how he packed seemingly much more than I do and yet in a smaller suitcase. I really want to travel light but at the same time, 26 inch one has been allowing me to do most long and short hauls and I always end up appreciating some space for shopping.... But I do want to try packing a carry on only next time.  Would you please do a lady version one? Good day ;)
for me one doubt
9 min.
Very good video, but as women we need different thing maybe, do you have another video for girls or women? :)
I'm planning a trip to Belize  next year for 7-10days.. Would like to know if you recommend you carryon suitcase  and backpack set up would be sufficient? If so please provide me with model and name of both samsonite bag and backpack you prefer! Thanks
What is the carryon bag and backpack you use? Like your setup!..
If you have a daiso near you, you can buy their vacuum bag (not really sure what it's called). I used it to pack 3 winter coats. You dont't need a vacuum to use it. Just put the clothes inside. Seal the bag but leave a small opening. Roll the bag and let the air out. Once you're satisfied, you can seal the bag shut.  I am really weak in cold climates. I also smoke but I hate the smell on my clothes. So I brought more than what I really need. It fit in my small luggage together with my clothes for 2 weeks. I really overpack so I was surprised it fit inside.
Metric please!
Someone likes wearing plaid.
I like your book selection and your tiny house t-shirt. Used to have that Sony A6000/NEX gear, but switched to Fuji and bring a Sony RX100 V when I am being really lazy. Thought about Audio.com, bit since I bought a bulk load of Hay House media, they sold me so many audio books and programs, I will be busy for years. Amazon Prime also has magazines and books you can read free each month as part of their yearly $99 membership. Oh, and the suitcase will be a new Peak Design travel series bag with their inserts.
It's possible to go much lighter with computing gear. A large phablet phone with a Bluetooth keyboard is my usual ultralight rig for computing, comms and as a media device and camera.   I bring along a Windows tablet if I need to do heavier computing on the road. The Bluetooth keyboard does double duty by syncing with both phone and tablet. It's even better if both devices run off micro-USB or USB-C - I can bring one charger and one powerbank to run them. All that gear weighs in at just 1 kg.
This helped me so much, Thank you!!! I'm traveling to Texas for a week and only taking a carry on suitcase , so these tips were beyond helpful 😊🙌🏼
A lot of free advertising for products shown in the video.
Great!  Now how about a woman packing?  ALSO - I think you need to measure all the suitcase including wheels.
Woffle on
Hello! Thanks for this helpful video. I'd like to ask if you have an experience with bringing on board little manicure scissors and a little metal cutlery set? Is it possible to take these things in hand luggage? Thank you in advance.
Wish I could pack like this but my sleep apnea machine and diabetic supplies take up all the space in my carry on! I can fit maybe 1 to 2 shirts in there but that's it!
I get daily emails from https://www.bookbub.com/welcome It has bestsellers for around 3 dollars plus thousands of FREE books to download to your Kindle app on your phone or tablet. I have 38 books now on my phone and tablet that I got for free. They are full books and NOT just samples. Happy Travels!!!!
I don't think that you can bring shaver on the carry-on...
can you put cloth in ya personal carryon bag???
What backpack do you use?
I have a question. Is the weight of the personal item added to the total weight of 7 kg
Where did you get the blue backpack?
Microfibre towel: great idea. Laundry bar: great idea. I've always taken travel wash with me and washed as I go, that way I don't have it all to do when I get back! Toiletries: where we stay the hotels usually provide the basics, so toothbrush and toothpaste is about all we need. I was wondering, though: how do you handle clothing that's gotten all creased up in your suitcase? I don't see a travel-iron!! ☺
How are you able to bring snacks through security?  I bought a small cup of tea on my way through the airport and they wouldn't even let me bring that.
I agree that rolling can be more useful than folding clothes.
I normally don't find the size limitation an issue for carry on. What I always struggle with its the 7kg (15lbs) limit imposed by most airlines. 10kg (21lbs) is normally where I end up when packed.
Where can I get that backpack and toiletry bag?
Thanks
An umbrella is a terrible idea, just buy one at your destination if you really need it. Some airlines do not allow them on board. Just bring a light weight waterproof jacket.
Electric toothbrush?  And you have the nerve to instruct us?  Giant umbrella.  Huge anti-nausea box, when you could put the tablets in a small pill pouch.  Giant electric shaver????  Even your name shows how cumbersome you are.  Explorrringggg Alternnnativvvessss.   How are you going to pack all those syllables?  If this was a video on how NOT to pack, it would be top notch.
What kind of hard shell carry on luggage are you using in video?
Hi. Thank u for this wonderful video!..what is the brand of the hat u packed and what about the microfiber towel? thx. I appreciate it.
Have you every actually used that spork?
Hey where can I get a steel food container similar to theirs? I may use it for soup so I would prefer one with a rubber ring, but I'm open to any suggestion.
Great vid with wonderful tips. Thank you!
What kind of backpack you have?
I AM SURE GLAD THAT THIS COUPLE COULD AGAIN AND AGAIN TELL US ABOUT THE BOOKS!!!
Some good tips, but you don't mention the weight of your packed case - weight is critical. Many airlines have a 7kg (15lb) limit. I I regularly pack 7kg carry on only and think your day pack looks too large for your personal item. Great that you leave room for purchases along the way and don't overdo the socks and underwear😀. Happy & Safe travels..
Such a GREAT video. EXCELLENT TIPS
Very useful information. Thank you
I often flight hop across Europe for work. When I do, I use my Karrimor SF rugged laptop bag which has plenty of capacity for my 'mobile office' as well as a spare shirt, underwear and a washbag. https://youtu.be/hbTJDptxYzM
Measurements include wheels
Dont forget that you need to include the wheels when measuring your bag.
electric toothbrush ? Not recommend trust me .
Really wish the lady showed us what she packs in the same size case with some tips.
This not so good if you are going somewhere cold. Need more room.
this is like the second video im watching after pausing that Miniamlism documentary lol, full circle
What is a dry laundry bar? Is that just a bar of soap?
Thanks for the important tips.
G. Damn hippies!
I’d rather check a medium bag rather than go through the stress of trying to determine what I can fit into a carry on, plus the weight restrictions. I agree you don’t need a fresh change of clothes everyday but the last thing I’m doing while on vacation is laundry.  The only thing I’d wash is a bath suit if I was in a chlorinated pool so I don’t ruin it.
I noticed the back pack had an extra strap and clip. Which one is it. Thanks.
Awesome video. Going to Hawaii  and have decided to follow your advice. What are measurements of your back pack. Thx so much. U r both great
I'm kind of tired of people saying in these videos "you're also allowed to bring one personal item". Not always. You mention that different airlines have different requirements for suitcase size - they also have different rules regarding how many bags you can bring. Not all airlines allow to bring a personal bag. Second, I would bring a regular toothbrush instead of an electronic - it's smaller, lighter and you don't have to charge it (And you'll live using a regular toothbrush for a week or two, trust me) and bring a regular razor instead of a shaving machine - if it's allowed - for the same reasons like the toothbrush.
I really loved this video ❤️ thank you !
Mat,  do you know how many liters your carry on bag  (personal bag) is?  I just got a 30 liter rucksack to use primarily when traveling by air for carrying my medications, snacks, Kindle Fire and other items that I want to keep on my person (personal bag). I usually do have a checked bag for my clothes and shoes etc. Enjoyed the lesson on packing.  I have been rolling things for years now and putting footwear in plastic bags, as you did with the flip flops.  I enjoy all of your posted content, especially the episodes of your personal experiences.  Thanks, Florida, USA.
How heavy it is though? Here in NZ we can't go over 7kg for carry on, thank you!
inches. how universal.
what is that backpack you use?
Thanks for sharing! You're so talented. I like to travel as well:)I only recently shared my first ever movie - My holiday diary in Queenstown. Eep!Would definitely really like your comments on my video/editing and so I am able to get better like you!
I notice that a lot of seasoned travelers recommend packing a carry on luggage only. My family and I just spent 3 weeks in Europe and although I think I did a good job, & packed efficiencently; there is always room for improvement. My kids are young 4, & 8 so as they get bigger hopefully they will be able to wheel around their own luggage, right now they just wear backpacks. :)
Airlines count the wheels on carry-on bags. It doesn't matter what the size of the actual bag is. I found that out the hard way.
Laundry Bar -- what brand and where did you get it? The only one I see on Amazon is Zote and it also markets itself as catfish bait...seriously! Some people also said it removes color. Recommendations?
iPods are dead now apple killed them because about everyone has a smartphone. To roll clothes try to army roll them you would save so much space and you can bring more clothes.
Tried packing cubes - nightmare. Used to be a fan of rolling - only when using a rucksack, it does work in a case but if you mess up a few rolls by rolling too loose or not the right width it takes ages to unravel and fix, rucksacks you just "stuff it in" a bit more. Best packing method - fold in clothing + plastic sheets.  Lay clothing across bag, layer and alternate them. Fold clothing in once pile is completed. Use plastic sheets as necessary between main clothing pile and others to allow them to slide. Place smalls around outside of pack.  Toiletries - buy in airport in country.  I flew to the US from the UK for 8 days, took my laptop, along with a bag of tech gear, clothing for the 8 days without requiring washing. Using a "world's lightest luggage" roller case sized for cabin baggage. Worked great and had room for souvenirs too on the way home.  Did it to avoid having to recheck my bag when catching connecting flights to my actual destination in the states.
Thank you . This video is so helpful
Nail clippers are banned for carry on in a lot of countries. I've had them confiscated so many times!
Love the video!!  I would avoid the electric toothbrush and throw in a manual one.  It's lighter and takes less space.
Packing cubes will change your life.
Thank you for your information. It is really helps me to pack just in a carry-on luggage! :)
Very smart advice.  Thank you!
What backpack brand is that?
And how much does all that weight? Most airlines have limit of only 7 kg - 12 kg for all cabin stuff combined.
Mini travel umbrellas. They're full size umbrellas but when closed, are palm size. It takes less space then a rolled t-shirt.
Just Found Your Channel Love It Subbed Straight Away :-) Thanks So Much
Am I the only one in the entire comments section who struggles to fit 15 days worth (summer) luggage in check-in+cabin+handbag? 😭  For an overnight stay, I need a cabin size luggage. Now beat that🙈  Maybe rolling clothes tip saves me some space. Nice video but it is a distant dream for me to travel so light
What kind of camera do you travel with
How small is the back pack that i can bring? I mean i have a regular north face one..can i use that?
Jeans & other heavier pants aren't gonna dry overnight.
I use generic 2 & 3 oz bottles that aren't labeled. TSA has never asked me about unlabeled liquid items.
Nice use of remixlive
What's the name of your backpack?
What is the name of the Samsonite suitcase used in this demo? I am having difficulty finding it.
Hi, Thanks for your very useful tips.
Nice vid. I've traveled for months at a time only using a small backpack like the one at the beginning of your video and it's totally doable. Even in winter.
Please show us the actual contents of the carry on packing for WOMEN!!!
You should check in an extra empty bag for the things that you’re gonna buy there and bring back home
Load of waffle. Test packing happens at the end of the video...why?
Audio books.. XD most eReaders have apps or compatible file types that can be opened on a phone. I don't even know where I put my kindle as I just read from the kindle app on my phone now
Measurements are not in metric
some budget airlines only allow 7 kg of carry on, and they weigh it when you check in, so doesn't matter how smart you pack your luggage they won't allow you to take it to cabin if it weighs beyond that.
Thanks for your tips!
That solid laundry soap idea just changed my travel life.  Why hadn't I thought of this before? Thank you!
I am definitely team "packing light"! I usually overpack (I bring much more than I need), but I can still easily manage a month in a carry-on. My two problem areas are usually tech (though I've stopped bringing my 15" laptop, sticking to just my 12" tablet instead - I used to bring both, plus a hard drive, powerbank, sometimes a speaker... Streamlinig that has been AMAZING), and liquids (I use a lot on a daily basis, and use fancy shampoo - I usually compromise on that more than I'd like when traveling. I'd rather do that than check a bag, but it's still frustrating not to have everything I need).
No lugguage space to bring souvenirs and good stuff back home from abroad
Helpful video- also, many people carry medications , so having those in an organizer is helpful.
When I was growing up my parents forbade me to bring suitcases on trips and always preached the values of packing light and from a backpack. This was admittedly a bit harsh as a kid wanting to bring the world with me but I thank them now because I travel light with ease. I usually carry the old North Face Surge II 32L backpack on international trips such as Europe for a few weeks and sometimes that is even too much room for me (I've even used a 22L backpack once just fine).  If you don't mind just bringing the 'bare essentials' and wearing the same outfits on the trip you'll find yourself packing really light and it's quite easy to wash clothes on the go. I buy shampoo at my destination which I use as body wash and laundry detergent as well. Besides the pants, shirt, socks and underwear on my body while traveling, I only pack some exercise shorts for daytime, sleep and perhaps swim and 2-3 extra shirts and socks/underwear. If I know I'll be swimming more I'll bring dedicated swim shorts. I use an affordable 28x50" pack towel for longer trips where I might be at the beach a lot and want more comfort, and I bring a smaller one otherwise. They work similarly. I highly recommend something like a shemagh for travel! I have used mine for SO many small uses such as a scarf, a blanket or neck pillow on the plane (rolled up), a towel, a pillowcase in a hostel, etc. They're awesome and they come in many designs.  For toiletries I just bring small basic dental hygiene products, some earplugs, and a small hand sanitizer. I'm a guy and I don't have to be concerned with packing makeup which helps save space for me, and my girlfriend knows how to cut back on the number of beauty products she thinks she needs down to just to a few core items. Pro tip: don't forget snacks! I can't count how many 6 hour flights or train trips I've been on where my stomach is wrenching and I'm willing to eat anything. Even one power bar can save the day. You'll thank yourself.  For electronics I bring some simple earbuds that pack away super small. These are necessary. Sometimes a small portable battery pack will come too.I only bring a single or duel usb US wall charger and foreign travel plug adapter for my destination, and one lightning and micro usb cable to charge my devices. Pro tip: Get a 6ft cable for devices you might want to use while charging as it makes it so much more comfortable and convenient and doesn't really add much weight or bulk. This has been especially useful for me while at airports or hostel beds when I want to use my phone in a comfortable position while being able to reach the outlet. This also prevents you from looking like a weirdo doing yoga at the airport off in the corner or a crazed person trying to find a random object under your hostel bed forever.  My optional 'luxury' items while traveling are my mirrorless camera +1 extra lens, a hammock with straps, and a medium size bluetooth speaker (I always bring my JBL GO on every trip at least).
enjoyed watching this one.
What kind of backpack is that? I love the style
I like your version of packing much better. I don't understand people who think you can't re-wear an outfit. I've always been a light packer.
Very nice tips thank you couple
need to confirm plane types to determine the luggage size.   MANY planes  only take a 17" and that only fits under the seat in front of you, which also means not using the hardshell luggage in your video.  The overhead in those planes is too small for anything other briefcase size bags.   basically this matters if your airline is taking passengers to their large hubs using small planes.
Problem I found with these types of systems is they dont take into consideration attire for different events...if you want to go to a nice restaurant or you want to go dancing or you want to work out and have your sneakers with you...I find my shoes are the biggest problem. 1 per of dress shoes and 1 pair of sneakers almost takes up half a carry on...and I just a size 11.
How about buying clothes at thrift stores at your beginning destination and dropping off at another thrift store at the final location?
ebooks are also great for packing light, especially if you like bricks like the Game of Thrones books or Stormlight Archive.
Great video thank you but cannot find that model Samsonite anywhere - we are in the UK ?
Can u carry your electronic accessorieson you? I'd your carry on is too heavy?  Where do they weigh the carryon,  I'm interested in removing some items from my carreyin if its too heavy. Do they weigh it at check in or security clearance or boarding the plane?
"...just grab your bag from the overhead storage..." yes, if it actually IS a bag!! What you are using as a carry-on is a hard case, though and as an ex Flight Attendant, I wouldn't recommend storing it in the overhead bin...and the respective colleague on board will probably ask you to put it under your seat rather than overhead, because of its weight (the case itself isn't exactly a lightweight!) and (even though it might never happen) the possibility of injuring someone if it should come down during heavy turbulence! If you are traveling as a pair, try to get a 3-seat row, leave the one in the middle empty and use the footspace as storage room for at least one of your hard cases...and save yourself the ups and downs (not just boarding and departing if you need to take stuff out during the flight!).
Thanks for a great channel, I really enjoy your videos. One suggestion though, please consider adding metric units for us non-american viewers (regarding measurements @ 2:33 for example).
Commercials ridiculous. Count me out!
Nail clippers are not allowed in carry-ons
I have followed you for years and now at 61 and 68 years we are true fans .....bought a vw 1999  camper two years ago because of ur inspiration 🌹
I also enjoy traveling with only a carry-on and a backpack. Ranger rolling your shirts, pants, etc is an essential packing technique. Armygringo has tutorials on how to ranger roll things from pants to shirts to a combo of underwear, socks, and a shirt. I traveled to London three years ago using that technique and it helps a lot and now coming up in less than two weeks I'll be back in London! Will be only traveling with my carry-on and backpack.
Although I like this idea, I am always cold and trying to pack warmer clothes in a carry on for more than 3 days just doesn't work.  During the summer? Not so much of a problem.  I can usually wear thinner shirts and a sweater that goes with everything.  Also, combining rolling with packing cubes actually works even better.   But since I mostly travel for work and have to look somewhat professional, most of these tricks don't work.  And they pay for my checked luggage. :)
I pack 1 ExOfficio brief and tee shirt.  These are easy to wash and dry quickly.  I first started doing this on a trip to the UK.  If I am on a business trip, I pack 1 pair nylon black calf length dress socks which are also easy wash and dry.
Hello. I just want to thank you for your great packing tips. Your tutorial really helped me and my husband get ready for our trip to Hawaii. You guys are Awesome! 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Hello  great video I will check out the links you directed me to also can you please provide the seller of your suitcase and backpack. Thank you kindly.  LoveRose
Are you alĺowed to carry that kind of umbrella??????
Can I carry 2 formal suits bag along with carry on luggage in Singapore airlines?
Hello. What toiletry bag is this?
Si metrics plezzz
Learn how to Ranger roll. Packs clothes much smaller.
It's interesting to see where people compromise on things to save space. In this person's case, it was with clothes and shoes. He carries more electronics and batteries (even for his toothbrush!) than I would, and that's even taking into account the gear I need as a traveling journalist. (Hoorah for the iPhone, which effectively replaced two to three devices I used to have to carry, plus their batteries/chargers and cables).   Ways to save even more room would be to use a regular toothbrush when traveling instead of an electric one, cut that massive laundry-soap bar in half, and get a smaller set of clippers; or better yet, just use a razor for your face/legs and don't worry about cutting your hair while traveling.   Haven't tried doing laundry in the bathroom sink yet while on the road. If I did go that route, I'd want high-tech, quick-drying, antimicrobial undergarments to make it easier/faster.  If you're tall and lanky like me, consider an inflatable neck pillow -- the one I got at Ikea for cheap has saved me so much discomfort on planes, trains and buses. Also, I try to buy used paperback books in the smallest form factor possible so I can still have a real book to read; they're light and not that bulky and, best of all, they don't run on electricity!
Space is not the issue at all, it's weight. 7kgs for carry on is what is going to stop 90% of people, especially women and anyone who needs a laptop to work on. Not one video I've watched has even mentioned, let alone addressed weight. Very frustrating.
Thanks for shearing. great tips! You should checkout the LOC8ING air travel tag – easy and convenient way to locate you bag – know when is ready to pick up from carousel . also sometimes it is misplaced in airport – helps you to find it. Safe Travel.
You rolled the clothes wrong it should be tighter.
Hi, thanks for the tips - some really good ones that I hadn't thought of - where did you get the hat, nerdy or not I'd love one but can't find one like it?
Great video! Good for you for having it sponsored, but you missed such a great opportunity to use affiliate links! Include Amazon affiliate links to all the things you use and it will really help out, especially with so many views! I would even say it would be worth it to add links under this video since you're guaranteed to get a pretty steady stream of views on it in the future. Wish you all the best!
This is admirable but I think if you are on a business trip packing t shirts and shorts etc would not work .. but some good ideas
Minimalist? Electric toothbrush, travel mug...
He puts water in with his electronics!
Great video lots of great ideas, could you tell me the name & brand of the laundry bar soap you use & a link for where you buy it, Thanks :-)
Very good video but tell me what to do when cloths do not dry quickly
I carry a multiple outlet tap that can be plugged into my country specific power adapter so I can charge multiple items at the same time off one power adapter (this also helps when there are limited outlets available.
Great tips!!  Its just a matter of convincing my wife to travel light.
6:23 is that an iPhone 4 or 5? Lol
Fabulous, succinct and greatly appreciated advice!
never ever bring a rigid bag like that they take up too much space at home and while travelling bring a duffel because most of your clothes volume is air so you can compress them a lot with a duffel
What is a good allowed backpack like the one you had ? Any recommendations?
In the video you tilt your 4 wheel carryon suitcase with your other bag on top...  May I suggest, when pulling your suitcase on 2 wheels, or when you just have a 2 wheeler suitcase, mount your other bag to the front of your suitcase so that your suitcase is not too top heavy... Just attach the strap(s) of your 2nd bag to the pull up handle on your suitcase then adjust so the 2nd bag is at a good hight for balance....
Thank you guys
Pockets in your jacket are  place for gloves, chapstick, headphones, Rx, hand sanitizer, bouillon cubes. Cargo pants for money, rail pass.  Wear layers on the plane as another way to bring extra clothes.  One change is all you need.  One smart phone.  No shavers! No, no, no. Buy hand razor at destination.  Also for extreme weather, mail yourself a package with essentials to be at your destination before you arrive.  Mail home things you collect along the way. Don’t carry them with you. Most things you want to buy can be ordered and sent or ordered later online. E.g glassware in Venice arrgh!!  Wool yarn in Scotland! I always bring an  prescription antibiotic JIC.  Bring some extra languages you know how to speak.
query..how long would you travel with that amount of packing..?? when l travel overseas it is generally for about 6 weeks..l dont pack 6 weeks worth but l find I'm generally heading into two separate climate zones..summer in Scotland and summer in the US are 2 totally different climates..I always end up needing a checked in bag as well as a carry-on AND backpack..l also use the packing cubes and find l can pack more/better using those than rolling..also, guys/blokes seem to get away with packing less as apposed to a female packing..oh, and when you are a larger person with larger clothes you cant get away with less..
Ginosar ,sea of galilee north  (my airbnb)
It would be helpful to give suitcase dimensions in cms or mms as well as inches. Almost every country except USA uses the metric system.
I would add for females, don't take lipstick or mascara. Just use pencils. I take lip pencil, eye pencil, eye liner pencil and eyebrow pencil. Leaves more space for liquids through security and you don't need eye make up remover.
Great tips. I never check bags any more. They lost my bag once and it was a nightmare. Happy travels😎
Bestest video on packing till now on youtube.... thankyou👍
Hey, can you add the link or the name of the metal bowl you are using, please?
I really enjoy Podcasts, which are an alternatives to audiobooks at times.
This is great!! I struggle to get both my personal needs and camera vlogging gear into one bag, so I normally put all my personal stuff in a checked bag and camera gear in a carry on
I like your video Is it possible to list the brand names of the items you show us? I get worn out making guesses between products. Thanks
5:13 what kind of toiletries case is that?
Don't forget that you have to fit all of your 3.4 oz. or smaller liquids/gels in ONE quart size clear zip lock bag. You have to put in a bin at TSA, so keep it in an easy to get to area.
People still have iPods?🤔
I guess I'm too well groomed to fit everything in one bag :(
What is the brand of your carry on?
As to bag size, you should use the international measuring system with meters and centimeters, and not some local and outdated measures like inches and the like, which is a local thing of the USA. Otherwise excelent video.
A lightweight down or fluffy jacket makes a great pillow. I cut a pillowcase in half, sewed the bottom up and had a perfect pillow. I like a thinner pillow than most hotels provide. In some countries you have the choice of a thick blanket or no bed cover at all. (Eastern Europe). I found a travel sheet very handy. It can be better than having to leave the air conditioning on all night. Perhaps some sort of large sarong would work just as well and could double as a beach coverup, bathrobe, etc.
I’m looking for a great backpack for my next trip, really liked the one you guys showed in this video. Was wondering where you guys got it, great video and tips!
What brand and size was the case?
This 2nd backpack isn’t allowed on most airlines with an economy ticket. It is too big. Some airlines don’t allow a 2nd item and some allow one personal item such as a small laptop bag.
Was watching another video and they suggested some clothing that's good for travelers... - Encircled: https://encircled.refersion.com/c/4b1003 - Faherty: http://bit.ly/2GyDoQI
Thanks a lot love from India
Thanks a lot love from India
Nice words normal information
I always feel that if it has wheels there is a high chance you will have to check it and I fly often I think it would be nice to have a backpack that you can hide the wheels getting on plane and using wheels once you land.
I actually travel with just my personal bag --no carry on --for trips of 1 week or less.  Everything is color coordinated to go with anything. Many airlines charge for carry on too.
When purchasing a suitcase. Try to measure from the wheel to the handle, not just the body of the case. Measuring from the wheels gives the true dimensions of storage the suitcase PROPERLY in the overhead bin.  Also remember, all those liquids/gels/aerosols (3oz each) are to fit in ONE quart sized plastic bag, not just in your suitcase.
Do you have a link to that suitcase?
To add a great idea to this, especially if you like to shop on your trips is to mail your dirty laundry back home. It’s fairly reasonable to do so. Then bring back the new good stuff with you! We’ve done it and it worked great—-
Love Audible Books.
Your measurement that you showed with the measuring tape is incorrect, the size maximum INCLUDES the rollers, so the measurement should go from bottom end of the wheel to the top of the upper handle, not just the part that holds clothes.
I learned to pack in the military, shoes...packing shoes can be a great boon, you can put small breakables inside them. If you have no breakables, be sure to roll up your socks/underwear and stuff them in them. Honestly, when I travel (less than a week) I usually just take my laptop come along and my purse.    Additional tips  -Take your older underwear/socks, when your coming back toss them -Disposable collapsible toothbrush, $1 at family dollar and comes with toothpaste -Deodorant Stone (I love, love this thing, last forever), will cost $5 - $10, but well worth it -Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash combos ($1 at most dollar stores, while labeled mens, smells nice even for us ladies)      If I'm just going within the US, I'll just buy these locally (I research the area before hand) -Foldable travel brush/comb (I love the one I bought in the PX 10 years ago, still have it), $3 -Take a small first aid kit and medications (for 7 days, I take 14 day supply) -Laundry Sheets (soap, softener and dryer sheet combined) and spare change for machine ($1 for 7 or 10 sheets)
What backpack is that one ? Thank you great video
Also those empty carry on weigh at least 1.5 the lightest one so u can calculate how much u have got left to insert 😭
Impossible for me coz my carry on allowance is 7 kg guys n gals 😉😉😉
Was your suitcase measured including the wheels at 21.5 inches?  And did it work for you on your trip?  Any links for the suitcase?  Thanks!
I got the same suitcase as the blue one but mine is green
metric !! Americans are the only ones that travel that would know what the heck inches or ounces are. America ! use metric already !
These people don't look like they bathe much.
Loved the ideas but would be really good to see how a woman can pack light as we seem to need more than guys lol
I always roll my clothes. I usually rubberband each of my clothes to make even more space. I highly recommend using rubber bands.
Great video. Instead a laundry bar, have you looked at the laundry soap sheets being sold now? They’re the size of dryer sheets and 3x as thick. I take about 3 sheets for a 2 week trip and 1/3 sheet will wash a sink full of clothes. When we need to go to the laundry mat, we use a full sheet for a wash load. They’re much lighter than a bar and more packable.
Good video. Need to have a women's packing video.
The micro REI bag is great for toiletries and forces you to really think about why you need.
Where can you buy that toiletry bag? Brand?
Looks big. Washington says 12x 9x 22 inch
Great video!   I like the concept but find it stressful when your boarding number is towards the end and you get on and all the overhead bins are pretty much full.   Seems like nowadays the bags are at the max size with four wheels that stick out limits how many bags can be placed in the bin.  Seems like it usually works out to two suitcases with small soft bags jammed in between.   With a lot of airlines charging for carry on bags I find it easier to check my bags and don't have to worry, as well as not being limited with things I pack.   Just my take on it, no right or wrong with this.
Shame that ihere in the uk/Europe, a lot of airlines will only allow one piece of hand luggage, so no additional hand bag. If you take one they make you put it inside your case or otherwise pay to check in your case at the gate!
Being in a family of five that goes on a twelve hour car ride at least once a year before staying in one room for a whole week, packing light is a necessity. I've gotten used to using a very small duffel or a backpack with a smaller bag for the plane or in the car. I've also had to share a larger suitcase with my sister on car trips. I've always wanted to invest in packing cubes, but I've never checked a bag and it's the best way to travel.
I like to have a backpack and a Laptop case that has documents and important stuff
Don't forget the wheels when measuring the dimensions of the carry-on.    Packing cubes help keep things organized and efficient.   Pull them out, put them in the drawers at your destination and unzip the top... its like a filing system for clothes. eBag's ultralite slim cubes fit perfectly width wise in a typical carry-on furthering the filing system concept.  Solid soap bars... no liquid restrictions.  Use a miter saw and cut favorite / specialty soap bars into "travel" size (ie. the laundry bar in the video).
Hi Angel, saw you at the Bay Area Travel Show.  You mentioned a promo code for the "Clear" program.  Are you able to provide me with that trial promo code? Love your channel! Subscribed!
Thank you for the tips I am sure it will help me a lot so practical. Love when you show your own water bottle and own food container. 😀
Can you share your shopping list? [10:37] Which microfiber towel do you prefer?
Nice video. What's the blue-colored backpack at around 3:00?
You should make a travel tips for traveling with a dog 🐶 now that u have atlas! I have a small dog too and I would love to bring her everywhere with but have heard nightmare situations about travel options for our fur babies so I haven’t done so unless I’m driving 🙁
What are your thoughts on using Fedex to send your luggage?  It is sometimes nice to not even have to worry about it and just arrive at your hotel and have your bag already in your room.
Check nail-clipper, some airline won't even allowed nail-clippers! They confiscated mine! =(
Where can I find that hat? Also the luggage you have ?
To all who get upset when the boarding takes forewer and the overhead bin is occupied by the stuff from that guy two rows behind you: It‘s because everybody has such a freaking carry on luggage!
Haven't said anything on rucksacks as carry on
Great video, thanks! Note that Spirit Airlines charges more for a carryon bag than checked bag. Also with any airline, often when a flight is full, the overhead bins are often full, and they will force you to check your bag.
Oh, no! Not inches 😖   Anyway, looks kinda similar to when I traveled last time with my boyfriend. We then traveled with only one 40 l backpack and a handbag and it was enough! We even brought some stuff we didn't use.   We brought more underwear, bamboo brushes (less bulky), a small razor, a deodorant and a soap bar. That was pretty much our toiletries 😂 And then I of course had some additional bras with me. We also had a foldable backpack for day trips and the only electronics we brought was adapter and phone chargers.   It worked out great!  So hopefully we won't have a problem when we finally will do our long trip in a few years.  EDIT:  Found out a few weeks ago that the backpack that I believed was 40 liter was actually only 26 liter! I still can't really believe it, lol!
Why are you pulling a suitcase that has 360° wheels? -_- Are the other two wheels stuck? That annoyed the heck out of me. Also. . .you didn't measure the wheels and handle, which count toward the size requirement....
I'd suggest using a collapsable water bottle instead of the bulky aluminum one and also adding a small repair kit  and first aid kit to the pack and  if you can get one cord to go between multiple devices, just pack it  and the wall tap ends as needed.  Also if you wear contacts, take a pair of  glasses in case the contacts get messed up during travel.
Personally I'd lose the electric toothbrush - that's bulky and heavy. Also be aware that some security people are more pedantic than others. Check each airline you are using and pack to the lowest allowance . We are currently travelling and whilst we have had size limits there are also weight limits. Our lowest one this trip is 7 kgs, so that's all we have.
0:20 “lighter”? What do you mean by that? Weight? If it’s Carry-On acceptable then it’s obviously not too heavy.
What brand are those boxers?
Just some additional tips. Always check the airline cabin bag allowance rules. Several budget airlines flying within EU are getting more strict and allow only ONE carry on luggage bag. Additional small handbag is not allowed. You will need to purchase priority boarding pass in order to ensure you may bring one handbag and one hand luggage along with you.
Where can you buy a dry laundry bar ?
Pretty sure nail clippers aren't allowed in carry-on.
What is the suitcase called?
Domestically in Australia you'd be in trouble. The maximum height of a carry on for 80% of the airlines is 48cm (18.9 inches). It's only 54 cm (21.25 inches) if flying internationally. The backpack also would be too big to be counted as a personal item, they restrict that to handbags / laptop bags that are small / satchel type bags - so the laptop case itself would be counted as the personal item, and you would have to check the backpack or use that as the carry on and check the other bag. :\ It really sucks they're super restrictive, especially given the international flights are not, changing from international to domestic is thus a pain, and it really limits what you can take. Also, the total carry-on limit (excluding the weight of say a laptop) is 7kg, most bags are 2-3.5kgs so at that point you're better off with just one thin and light backpack and no wheeled item.  Also, pro-tip, when boarding if you have heavier items like a camera, shove them into a jacket pocket and wear the jacket, helps with those random 'weighing carry on luggage at the last minute as you board' situations.
This is awesome! But I would hate to always be dragging around luggage along with my daypack when I'm exploring. Any tips for that when you have no lodging for the day?
thats still to much ^^
7kg for 5 weeks around Aus :) in a 22L Osprey backpack :)
for the water bottle I would switch to a reusable plastic collapsible water bottle, they come with a clip, are super light and as you drink the bottle gets smaller and when it's empty it is super thin
Also keep in mind that carry-on sizes are smaller on European airlines. Also most do NOT allow an additional small bag. Check before - otherwise they might charge you 50 Euros for checking your bag.
Good tips. Many budget airlines do not allow for 2 bags. Just one of the size you did your main pack in. Also you are required to have liquids in a see through bag 20x20 cms while going through security. You could pack the extra bag in the space left in larger bag. Love you 3s -1 to wear, 1 to wash & 1 to spare.
I'm building a folding bicycle that fits into 22x14x6" but even that size allows for a several things to be packed around it. I'd post photos but if one can in YouTube I don't know how.
someone already mentioned it, but it is important to know that many non-USA airlines limit the weight of carry-on bags. Air France and KLM i think allow on 7 KG, so I skip the hard-sided carry-on to save some weight. Sometimes the weight limit is a total, not per bag, so everyone should please check the website of airline they will be flying to determine their limitations.
Awesome content ! Really loved the images ! I wish I'll be able to get here one day
Most airlines have a weight limit of 7kg for carry on luggage I think your bags will be over that limit Probably not a good idea to pack an electric toothbrush :P
sigh...electric toothbrush...
Hey quick question...can you bring a carry on luggage and one personal item per person or is it only for women? I.e. Purse
Darn. I really wanted to bring my sword. ;)
Thanks. Very usefull tips. what brand is the backpack?
Now weight is considered in carry on
We travel with backpacks as well, but we do check them. At this point, we've never had to pay a checked bag fee.
Lush has solid shampoo bars that were made specifically for travel to get past the TSA.  https://youtu.be/1r9bF5pXZ7k
Just use the hotel shampoo to wash clothes lol  I gonna try to just bring my backpack to Waikiki.
Where can i buy that toiletry bag?
Omagosh this is great!
Packing cubes are also a great asset. They help keep you super organized and it means you only have to take out one thing, instead of emptying out your whole bag.  They're super inexpensive on amazon.
What is the suitcase?
What laundry bar do you use?
Audible offer a 30 day free trial with free book to everyone, not only the viewers of this
I guess I'm not cut out for minimalist travel. What you packed wouldn't even get me through a long weekend! Besides at 5 ft and 102 lbs, there is no way I'm dragging a suitcase and purse or backpack through an airport and trying to lift it in to/pull it out of the overhead bins.
Great tips! Thank you. You might also wanna explore Kon Mari's method of folding your clothes as i find it way more space saving than rolling
Fantastic :)
Super helpful - thanks for posting!!
Great tips. Every one can give tips, but the way you guys do it is very pleasant and practical. Thanks a lot.
Good Sir.
What backpack was that in the video?
Thank you guys! Great info and very well organized! Thanks for the websites to check what you can bring or not as a carry on! I've been wondering if I can take my electric brush, so I'll check it out! Thanks again!❤️
Which microfiber bath towel you recommend?  Thanks
That battery charger for the toothbrush, and the toothbrush itself, seem excessive for traveling "light"
2018 and you're using an iPod... really love that!! ;-) Nice video!
Thank you, that was very helpful
I noticed that you excluded the wheels of the case during measuring.  As I understand it, we must include the wheels in measuring the overall size of the luggage.  Is this not the case, if you'll pardon the pun!  :)
You should also pack floss! Flossing is very important and a simple google search will show you the great benifits
This guy REALLY likes plaid.
Can you share the name of the suitcase you used?
Thanks for the great tips. I am planning to travel soon, and it's my first time to go to another city. Although, one thing I learned is dimensions are critical. You mentioned that the typical dimensions for a carry on luggage is 9"x14"x21.5". I am planning to travel with Air Transat and their dimensions are 9"x16"x20". So I really need to be aware if some airlines require smaller carry on luggage than everyone else.
Thanks for these tips.
Whenever you mention inches, also convert to centimeters. More people will appreciate it.
Wheels? Try walking a pot holed mexican sidewalk, or a cobblestone italian road, or a 3 story walk-up hostel, and see how much they help. Get a 2 part backpack (font/back) and drop 50% of your clothes and get/make a S2S clothesline. All items packed must be essential, dual use, and compact. Drop all pastes and gels and liquids.  Use only "dry drops", powders and solids.  Use Liggett and Bronars for everything. Its tough to do, but for trips less than  two weeks I travel with a "personal item"  and inside a stuffable backpack. Then when in country  any liquids, creams, extra clothes, and food goes into the stuffable backpack for use, with the hope of  not packing it back out of country if flying. A lot of items are location and time specific, but a collapsible umbrella has dual use of keeping cool on a sunny beach and keeping dry on rainy days.
Hi guys! Good idea! But as you are aiming for the whole world to see it, as I’m doing here, pleeeeeease, try to put metric measurements! Besides the US almost the whole world understand it, instead of us-measures... You like to travel all over right? So you probably learned how the metric system works. Keep traveling!
what backpack is that? also...for the female how and how many bra do you packed?
As a very experienced traveller (about 20x per year), I would say there are some key things I noticed: 1) Packing cubes (although I think a fair few people have mentioned this in the comments). Rolling clothes is a great backup option but you can fit almost 50% more if packed properly into cubes.   2) Why would you bring an electric toothbrush and an entire container of floss? Your teeth will be fine with a significantly smaller foldable travel toothbrush for a few days/weeks and you can pull out enough floss for a few weeks and wrap it up and use up about 10% of the space. 3) Shave off a small section of the soap. That amount of soap is a waste of space unless you will be travelling for over a month and in that case - you can buy more on the go.   4) A plugin USB splitter. A huge percentage of electronics charge off a USB so a plugin splitter will make one plug become 4 or more.  5) Phone apps for travel guides, maps, taxis, translators, etc.  6) Some umbrellas back up as small as 6 cm. I can't see why I would avoid bringing one and having to buy one (expensive and wasteful) when they make travel umbrellas which take up less space than the huge electric toothbrush that was packed.  7) A reusable standard razor takes up much less space than a pair of clippers. Unless you are going to be travelling for over a month, it is a bit of overkill.  8) I can't see some things which would be essentials for most travellers like a bit of lip balm and lotion (dry aeroplane skin), painkillers like paracetamol & ibuprofen (many countries like Spain will only sell these in a pharmacy and at limited hours which is a nightmare if you become ill at 2am). I understand travelling minimally - but there is no need to be uncomfortable. 9) Scanning/photographing important documents like travellers insurance & a copy of your passport in case you need them or your passport is lost.  10) This all seems geared towards warm weather travelling which doesn't represent a significant number of places a person would travel to. I would love to see another video with cold weather items as they are much bulkier.
Cool video! Just wondering where you got your backpack since I thought it was cool, I know this is late but it would be great if you could respond to this!
When possible shipping bags before you leave will avoid checked bags
Solid shampoo and conditioner bar. Solid lotion bar lemon grass lavender. Not only clean you your clothes and moisturizing bit is good bug repellent for all sorts of creepy crawlers and flying insects.
Suggestion: pack Purex 3in1 laundry sheets. They wash your clothes and then transfer as a dryer sheet. They are as compact as a regular dryer sheet, smell great and clean phenomenally. I pack two in a quart-sized ziplock bag for a week on the island.
hmmm unnecessary things you've mentioned... two cups/mugs and a bar of soap...
Great Video
What happened to your natural first aid kit video?
I’m not quite at the carry on only stage yet, but I’m taking less with me every time. My tip is: if you won’t use something three times or more on your trip, you don’t need to bring it at all!
Did you pack that light because you got some crazy points deal that requires basically no luggage?
Keeping free space is a very good and important tip! I love bringing food from the places I explore :)
Excellent video! Very helpful!
Really great advice! I work on the railway and ‘travel’ or take about 10 trips a month. I work in really changing weather which can range from very hot to really cold. My basic kit includes a 110$ light rain jacket with a good hood. It’s really easy to roll up and tuck into my bag. Now depending on how cold it is I wear dress type pants from Marks Work Wearhouse and have pajama bottoms under them. I wear a cotton t-shirt that’s a size too big under a nice, long sleeve dress shirt that’s made from natural fabric (a little protection from fire). Over that I might wear a hoodie without a zipper if it’s really cold and another hoodie over that with a zipper. My final protection is the rain jacket if it’s windy, cold or raining and I mix and match to be comfortable. With this I have ridden more than 5 km’s at -28*C on a rail car with really strong winds so this works great. I know this is extreme but I like layers rather than a parka and all of this can fit in a small Adidas day pack (18$), the one that you load from the top and draw the strings together to close. I would like to add that when I travel with my wife we have a small case that we put cards, dice (with a small anti-slip, anti-noise mat), pens, writing pads, Yahtzee pads, skip-bo and a few other games. This fits into a small bag that is tucked in our luggage last so it’s easy to retrieve. If we are delayed or stranded then we pull out the bag and have a game, and sometimes it’s the best part of the trip.
Great video. Thanks for sharing.
Where did you get your stainless steel container?
Shampoo and soap are provided in hotels, so can skip those, unless you're really picky about which type you need. Or can just buy something in a store at destination, if the hotel ones are really not good.
Where did you get your hat?
Where did you get the spork and what company is it
Some good ideas. I suspect a basic soap bar will work for your body and your clothes...no need to carry two.  I also like the Ultralight Bag Unpack video by Sarah Murdoch (who is a Rick Steves Tour guide). She talks about the weight of the bag empty, and the weight of each item she packs. It was a Eureka! moment for me when I compared the weight of a bulky sweater and a thin merino wool sweater. Similar warmth with drastically different weights and space taken up in your bag.  I had fun weighing my entire wardrobe including shoes and purses once, and came up with the perfect set to pack.
What would a female bring? I think it would be different. It would be helpful to have your partner show her packing a suitcase. Thanks!
Two of my biggest tips are (1) to stuff small flexible items (socks, underwear, belts, etc.) inside of sturdy shoes so you’re not wasting any space, and (2) to switch over to solids as often as possible for your toiletries. Nowadays a trip to Lush or your local health food store can eliminate the need for many of those pesky liquids altogether. You can swap for shampoo bars, solid conditioners, lotion bars, tooth tablets or tooth powder, and plain old bar soap. No chance of spills! No 100 ml limits!  Oh, and bonus tip for those of us who wear makeup: travel with multi-purpose products to cut down on individual items. You can find tons of options for cheek/lip products in one, eyeliner/mascara in one, medium coverage moisturizing BB cream with SPF, etc.
Hey, what kind of luggage do you have?
Getting quite annoyed with the amount of advertising in the video :-(
what was the link, where I can download my free audible audiobook? I didn't catch that
Sorry, really, an electric toothbrush! A manual one will spare you the space for the toothbrush battery 😁
Thank you guys for the video :) Smart packing begins with an appropriate attitude. Choose your stuff. Rethink. Leave some things out. Rethink. Pack :) In case you are in need of something you left home, there are shops everywhere, you don't have to worry!
Right from the get-go, anything with WHEELS and a dragging handle is absolutely useless unless you are a cripple.  If it is small enough to be considered carryon then its light enough to carry in hand or on your back. The wheels just take up useless space but I bet you didn't include that in your measurements which you SHOULD HAVE.  I use a 35L backpack and my VOMP (vest of many pockets).  Backpacks are far more useful than anything with wheels.
search for: sock roll packing Usually I pack my bags in 2min, because each roll contains 1 tshirt 1 underwear and a pair of socks. Flying to Marid for 6 days just drop 3 rolls in your bag and you are off. Shorts that are also swimpants are also a spacesaver. Then you wear your long pants and sweater on you.
Great video guys, simple and easy to apply.
I avoid cotton anything. You can get short sleeved, sleeveless and long sleeved microfiber shirts at your discount store all the time, artificial fabric underwear, shorts and trousers. They pack smaller, don't wrinkle, and wash & dry easier. I also avoid jeans and go with cargo pants as the large pockets are useful. The hat is a top tip but I wouldn't pack the sweater/hoodie just wear it as it's always cold enough on the plane. I would also take into account how much you can physically carry as well as the size of bag you're allowed on the airplane
Great video.  Be safe by going even smaller than you think on the carry-on bag.
I usually use some very small  content to put backing soda as deodorant.  and so on
The hat... would you mind commenting with the brand or where you found it?
start travelling with space in the bag is a pretty good idea. allways had the problem that we found things to carry and we had problems with the space in the luggage :-) greetings from germany
Wear your most bulky items or more than one layer on the flights. Like I’ll wear my Keen walking/hiking shoes on the flight because they’d be nearly impossible to fit in my backpack. Also, bring a flat rubber drain cover to do your laundry. It’s the most universal, & oddly, many sinks don’t have a way to block the drain. Scarves are always your friend - fashion, can be a bag, shove stuff into it to ball into a pillow, modesty if needed, curtain in a hostel, etc... If a destination has shampoo, conditioner, etc provided, I don’t pack my own.
Great tips! I also recommend to use shampoo and conditioner bars  (and solid salt deodorant and moisturizer). Many brands sell them nowadays and they're just as good or even better and create way less trash!
Excellent!  Thank you.
Please do the girl version of this! This one is good and all but girls need more stuff for sure
Great tips.. I do many of these so support your suggestions..
You can't bring nail clippers and a shaver in carry-on, can you?
We always travel with just carryon. 6 weeks in Europe was the longest trip and it worked well we used everything we brought and only needed to buy a cheap fold up umbrella which I brought home and are still using.
Love your videos!  In Europe you aren't always allowed a second item, that you call a personal item. Mostly 1 item handluggage in total. They are getting more stright, because more people want to just have carry on luggage to save money.
I like the content...but this video is waay too long
Would love to see the packing from a lady’s perspective.
For the socks you could roll ur shirts tightly and roll the socks over them making like a lil caples that will save space
Packing cubes! Definitely.  They are a game-changer. They keep all of your clothes well organised and make the packing and unpacking so much easier. I used to roll my clothes too, but with packing cubes and the konmari method of folding I find that I need even less space.
- Buy stuff you need on the way. No need to bring from home. - Use soft bag, instead of hard luggage. Soft can pass for a different smaller size requirement if needed. Soft is lighter, less bulky.
Another great video. I do have to question the need for the bulk/weight of an electric toothbrush+charger and elec. hair clippers/razor. I usually travel with just a carry on, even for a month+ in Spain/Morocco. I'm posting your video for my study abroad students to watch. Maybe they'll listen to y'all over the Rick Steves crew (old people like me who've been traveling this way for years).
That’s pretty close to how I pack. When my family went to Zurich a couple years ago I was the only one who didn’t have to pay extra for luggage for the entire trip. I also recommend checking the weather for your destination. That’ll help choose what clothes to take.
Chapstick, a small container of hand sanitizer, a small pack of tissue, sunscreen, and a mini emergency sewing kit. Because that sewing kit is a God send when you need it. Think ripped baggage or clothing... and they can be surprisingly hard to find and very expensive in some places.   Another thing that can come in handy is a wall charger that has a bunch of USB plug ins and then having a converter for the other side that plugs into the wall. When backpacking we were able to just use this with all of our devices' chords. Ours has 4 charging ports and we could use it for the cameras, phones, tablets, etc.   Extra zip lock bags, because if anything leaks they are a life saver.  And a lightweight foldable bag, good if you are grabbing groceries or if you end up with too much stuff to fit in your bag when you are going home... you can check your main bag (most international/intercontinental flights allow 1 free checked bag) and use the spare bag as a carry-on
Very useful tips. Thanks so much, I am planning a trip and it has been a while I didn’t travel....I know what to buy to feel free with my luggage. There is one thing to mention, this is for a trip where the weather is...let’s say warm..it might be more complicated to pack light when you go North... next video maybe.
Hi, have you tried bar shampoo, lush make 1, and powder toothpaste, both would cut down on the liquids,
Why do i have the feeling that you could fit it all into one backpack and don’t bring the suitcase?
You didn’t include the wheels in your measurement so in theory that bag could be too big
Please, use metric as 95% of the world!
My problem is the weight restriction with many airlines. Only 7 kg at Emirates:(
Thanks, I enjoy watching minimalist packing videos. Carry-on only videos helped me downsize to just a backpack. Now I'm working towards person only travel. So, no luggage or baggage at all. Hope to do a video about it to inspire others :)
Great video. Can you please state the brand of the back pack and carry on. Thanks
Thank you, loved this video! Where did you buy that laundry bar?
Thermometer (digital or plastic w/alcohol), ibuprofen <--even if you don't need them - someone else might; reusable (washable) pads for the ladies (etsy has lots of creative ones!), stretchy (ace) bandage to wrap injured knee/ankle/wrist/elbow, etc., cotton sarong (multiple use; skirt/beach cover for gals (and guys in S.E.A), towel, picnic blanket, bed sheet, cover for window in cheap hostel, etc., finally - I travel with an immersion coil and a 1 liter stainless steel 'mug' which has a lid...I pack it with tea bags, freeze dried coffee and a few local cookies. So luxurious to linger in your quiet room for a hot beverage and a quick biscuit before venturing out somewhere new...also...ensures potable water no matter what time you get to your room; just boil and voila! Even when the local shops are all closed! Finally, the 'mug' takes the place of a portable food holder (like tupperware or the steel tiffan container you showed).
You can get plastic bags that shrink clothes placed in them, with a vacuum, or by simply rolling and squeezing the air out. Protein powder packets, with a plastic shaker makes a great meal instead of pricey airport food. A hiker's water purifier straw allows you to drink water from a public water fountain...use the plastic shaker as a cup. Bags used for washing fine washables(located near the laundry gadgets at Walmart) are great for putting underwear in-and then available if you have to wash stuff at a laundry. Cliff Bars, Slim Jims make great snacks to stuff in luggage for later. Walmart sells mini mini zip lock bags for pills near the pharmacy...put your different prescriptions  in their own mini bag and peal off the prescription label from the pharmacy pill container and place it on the bag....saves a lot of space. Get audible books for your tablet or cell phone.
Wouldn’t you pack your headphones in your bagpack? I was wondering about that the hole time 😂great video!
Packing cubes! Great for keeping things organized in case you need to pull items out. Also, why does no one have or talk about hand towels? How are you going to clean yourself. I keep a luffa in a plastic bag and 2 smaller hand towels for my face and privates. Also, try to get micro-fiber in different colors.
You can get some well isolating earphones so you don't need earplugs, if you're gonna be entertaining yourself on the flight and listening to audiobooks anyway. Not all earphones isolate well, so read up before you buy.
Very useful for many, but a few additions/corrections: (1) When discussing carry-on sizes, you forgot to mention that the size includes everything including handles and wheels. The way you showed the measures didn't exactly suggest this. (2) The 100 ml max bottles need to be packed in a separate 1 liter baggy, not inside a larger toiletries bag. That baggy has to be taken out for security (except when you are TSA pre-checked or some equivalent scheme, in which case you probably don't need these tips to begin with. (3) I always keep my coat and sweater handy. Planes and even airports can be chilly, and except in extremely hot weather walking around with your coat draped over the case or over your arm would not be out of place. (4) As other have mentioned: packing cubes!
Where is makeuo, vitamins, medications, hair products, flat iron, bras, feminine products, face wash, body wash, face lotion, sun screen..... I could go on.....?
Have you guys ever run into problems with carry on luggage weight? Do you find most airlines don't weight carry on bags? Great video btw!
I miss the van! But your videos are always great!
3 pairs of socks...so you do laundry like every other day? orrrr?...i like clean socks, just saying.
We do not take many toiletries. I t is easy enough to buy them at our destination. We have also shipped items home if there is no suitcase room.
Why travel without checked bags? Well, the airline lost our luggage in Germany. It took 2 days for it to catch up with us.
I spent 8 days in Costa Rica over the summer with just a carry-on and my backpack. It's definitely worth travelling that way! No luggage fees, no possibility of missing bags, and super easy as I was on the go for much of the trip. It was a bit hard going in as I was bringing a few gifts for a family that had previously hosted me, but I was able to use that extra space to bring home lots of coffee!
Video should’ve been 30 seconds
Yup, travel light when you travel by motorcycle
3 less items.
Why would i pay to have a hold case? Carry on is the ONLY way to go. It save time AND money.
Excellent tips and info. Thanks for sharing!  p.s. I adore the colorful animal wall hanging behind you in the video! 💚🐪🐘🐅🐴
I think the take away is plan for the trip and considering timing. I found that rolling clothes took up more space so I tend to retail fold but I'm considering using the KonMari style fold to reduce volume. I also consider contacting locations I'm staying at to see if they offer complementary toiletries which helps to reduce more if you can confirm it and if not, purchasing travel items once on location for the duration. I loved the concept of travelling light and doing this the last couple of times meant I could maximize what mattered, the trip itself. Thanks for the share!
I always use shampoo to do my hand washing with ..
I've recently started using bar shampoo and bar conditioner when I fly since my liquids bag is always stuffed. I bought mine from Lush; they were a bit pricey but a 2 week trip barely made a dent (and I have long hair), I think one shampoo bar could easily last a couple months!
Awesome video and great tips. Thank you.
Very relevant for me! I am planning to fly Norwegian and want to save the money for carry on. I also have always liked to stay minimal and not feel bogged down!
My only suggestion is adding vacuum packing bags. They compress your clothes MORE than just rolling and you can separate clothing items by kind. Underwear, socks in one, tee-shirts, shorts, pants in another. You can bring more clothes using the same space.  It also protects Clothing in case of spillage, moisture,etc. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/s//ref=mw_dp_a_s?ie=UTF8&k=Epetbed
Since I have lots of electronics to charge like laptop, iPhone and various batteries I travel with a compact power strip.[https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B014SGZTNY/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1]. It has 2 outlets plus 2 USB. I like this one with a short cord since often time the outlet in the room is in a funky place and the cord adds flexibility when plugging into it.
Great video like always.  I have a question, what is the brand and model of the rolling suitcase? Thank you
I have only travelled with carry-on for ~10 y and I recommend having all your liquids(including toiletries etc) to be stored i a 1L ziplock and keeping it at an easily accessible place in your smaller bag along with your electronis. Most airports require you to put those in a separate tray for security screening and it's just a hassle to find all the items at the bottom of your suitcase once you're already queuing :)
Great video you guys, very helpful tips! Travelling without checked luggage makes life soooo much easier. Just the convenience of not having to lug your bags around and not having to wait after the flight is so worth it.
Great video.  Thanks. Take care.
I’m having a heck of a time finding a suitcase that is 9” deep or less. Where do you buy them?
Wow I didn't know you were able to bring a hair clipper in a carry on. Thank you for the information
Just have a few things to add: 1.  If you're using multiple airlines during your trip, use the most restrictive carry-on limits.  For example, if two of the carriers allow 8kg, but one only allows 7kg, then pack only 7kg.  Also pay attention to personal item size restrictions, because some carriers do specify exactly how big and heavy it can be. 2.  When measuring the carry-on bag, go from the floor (i.e., include the wheels) in the height. 3.  Check to make sure that your over-the-counter meds are legal in all the countries you're visiting.  For example, you can buy codeine in Canada without a prescription, but that's not the case in a lot of countries.
I liked this a lot
Is traveling required or that’s optional?
You guys should review a universal adapter.  There are several kinds out there. I don't know if this one could handle voltage differences.   https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/micro-world-s-smallest-universal-travel-adapter#/
Oh lord do I hate people like you trying to bring all their clothes on the plane & taking up all the overhead locker space.  So I'm stuck with my one small carry on tote bag  jammed under the seat in front of me because there is no room left in the overhead bins.  Sure all your clothes fit in the bag, then you have another bag for your computer & claim another bag for your "handbag" and next thing you know your'e taking up half the damn plane with your bags because waiting 10 minutes for your bag on arrival will kill you.  So I'm stuck with no leg room and your bag dropped on my head when you're trying to get it out the bin on arrival.
Love you guys. Immensely enjoy your channel.
Where do you get the laundry soap?
As a razor blade user, I recommend shaving soap over canned foam. Easier to get passed security and better all and all IMHO. I also bring bar soap shampoo. I divided my toiletries into a dry stuff ziplock and a damp stuff ziplock bag. I like your laundry soap tip.  I'd cut down its size to match my trip duration.
like if you are not reading books you dont know how a book looks like
Maybe bring a powerbank for when your moving around on your location :-) Great video. I will watch this again when i have to pack :-)
Love this! I say this all the time on my travel blog & my channel! When it comes to traveling less is always more in regards to luggage/bags! Which is why I'm able to travel with just a personal item and still able to bring everything I need/want!
I've also had airlines tell me I can't bring an umbrella on board! So keep that in mind too, and maybe don't bring your nicest London Fog one hahaha
Perfect timing!  We where discussing to go on our next trip just with carry-on luggage.  Thnx for all the tips! Dfntly looking into that dry laundry soap.
I traveled to Europe for two weeks with just a backpack and an extra bag. Two words though: packing cubes!! They were absolute lifesavers, and I would highly recommend using them if you're going to go the route of only doing carry-on.
This is Gillian from Houston, TX and I like the use of packing cubes as well, as these will compact your clothes even further. Have a great day
Another nice thing about a backpack is using it to secure valuables , wallet, belt, some airport security requires the removal of them, so the backpack is a quick place to store them.  I"ve thought about getting a belt without metal for traveling, maybe a velcro one, so I don't have to remove it.
Hey guys! I have a 3 week trip to Thailand planned with a 22 liter Low Alpine backpack. Traveling light sure gives an extra sense of freedom. I bought a Patagonia Packing Cube (on sale, yay) It's 10 liters and it opens up like a little suitcase. I can roll up all my clothes and have them perfectly organised inside my bag and still have plenty of room for my toiletries, make up and electronics. I'm not bringing a laptop or lots of camera stuff with me. If you do travel with more electronic gear, maybe a 30 liter bag would be more suitable. Also, I would recommend this video (on how to roll up and fold your clothes efficiently and some other tips) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVSn-AiZYSg    Cheers you guys! I love your channel! <3
Nice tips!   The only thing I might add is if you have the option to store a larger suitcase at a hostel, hotel, or friends house then you can work your way back there and swap out clothes and other gear while packing light for the bulk of the trip. It's also good for the return trip with all the cool stuff you pick up. I did this in Germany a few years ago when my girlfriend met me in Frankfurt with a giant suitcase for a back packing adventure!?!
Episode 2: Danielle’s luggage (please.....?)
what about medical equipment
This really helps, thank you!  I am going to Peru this summer and havent flown on a plane since i was a kid.  Plus ive never been out of the country.  You guys are extremely helpful, Blessed be. ♡
Great video could you post a link for the Landry bar I would like to get one thanks
Love your channel and videos for a long time. Since I'm first to comment thought you might want to know something is wrong with the video as the first screen seems to be overlays throughout the video...thought it was my vision but thought you'd want to know so you can correct. Thanks!
What about you? What's the least amount of luggage you've ever traveled with? Did it make your trip more enjoyable?
