aren't you supposed to pigtail the grounds and attach it to the switch?
Gives you more than a general idea of how to build a shed. I purchased Ryan’s Shed Plans to gain a better understanding of shed construction so that I could build a garden-style shed shedbuilder.work  . I used these plans to guide me through the process. I found it informative, well organized and logical & easy to understand for any person.
So where is the power source coming from?
Thanks! I'm trying to install a new light fixture in my house.
Nice, qq. Do we need single dedicate wire from switch to Light Bulb, it allow multiple joint in wire - I come with issue where my wire from light bulb to switch is little short- Can I make joint to add extra wire or do I need run another dedicated wire without joint
No ground on switch. I don't believe this guy is an electrician.
Man, thank you!. I unhooked this switch box over a month ago. When I went to reinstall it I had a 14/2 and a 14/3 cable that I just couldn’t figure out how to put back. I kept popping the breaker cause I was trying to make both white go to a screw, both blacks to a screw, and both grounds to a ground screw. The red I capped. Thank you so much for setting me straight!
Very informative! I would like to know how would you go about replacing an older light switch. It has a black and a white no ground. And the switch itself has a plate where all the wires connect to. No pigtails.
Whut happened to the ground?
I'm trying to jump power off and outlet to a light switch and then to a little pull chain light for a closet.  And all I can find is jumping a outlet from a fixture
Thanks for getting me unstuck!
Ground EVERY device!!.... if its a grounding screw/ terminal available on the switch..... bottom  line!.... grounding is the most important thing in electrical work.
Training and certification is the best source not videos
Use a pen or pencil...*uses sharpie*
Your video is very informative. I am a first year electrical apprentice. I haven't started school yet, but school doesn't start for a couple of months anyway. Finding work for electrical apprentice first year is tough, especially for apprenticeship in Idaho.
Another Shit Show!!
Hey guys I've got a 12-3 set up for a celing fan, no light on fan. Can I use the red wire to power a set of can lights?
Is the wiring the same if my power source to my light switch is a 3 prong extension cord? This is for a lighted mirror that will stay plugged in but will turn on/off with a switch. Thanks in advance.
I believe that was clear right up to the point where he sheathed the wires.  After that it got a bit muddy.  Come on!!  This was a well made video so why didnt you slow down when it came to , oh, I dont know, the dangerous parts like which are the hot wires and explaining the logic of which was the power and which were the wires going to the receptacles.  Grrrr.  Thumbs down for clarity.
You'd like our show....Mr. Fix-It webisodes
why wasn't there a grounding pigtail and ground added to the switch.
why wasn't ground wire connected to light switch?
question..i have five lights in a row that need to be hooked up 6 ft apart...do I daisy chain them?
i need 3 bulb lights each bulb has a switch but how do wiring if only one romex get my budget
can do wiring by 2.0mm romex for runner for the lights and for the switch ??
I believe the guy in this video is now in jail
that was beautiful!
thanks for sharing the professional tips
And what if power is coming from the light ?
Subscribed!
thnk for this tutorial
why didn't you pigtail the ground wires  and connect it to the ground screw on the light switch
great... you video help me all times. .Tank you
This is such a great video... save me $65.. thank you very much. It really helped I didn't know it was this easy to adda switch. Thank you again.
"A Light Switch"
OUT STANDING INFO---A++++++++
I never used a wire nut for my light switchs, There always another screw on the side for the white wire.. right above the ground wire. or we have to put saftey light switchs where we dont twist at all. Same for outlets.
how come you didnt connect the ground wire?
I thought the black is the hot wire ....
Nice video. Can you tell me what to do if you are wiring 3 switches instead of one (3 switch box) and power coming in from elsewhere like your video shows? Do you connect 1st switch as described in video then use black jumper wire from switch 1 to switch 2 and 3 respectively? All commons and grounds together? Hope the question is clear. Thanks
