with that amount of oil you could fry that egg on a carpet and it wouldn't stick neither
Hi Matfer and Mauviel are both subject to recall in France/EU. Are you still recommending them?
Thank you,  great review and information.
this is what im looking for
In 2024 France tests produced harmful gasses emitted from Matfer pans heated to high temperatures, especially in the presence of acidic foods.  Would I worry?  No, but some will.  Still, considering other factors, I would opt for the De Buyer Mineral B Pro, mostly for the high heat, oven proof, stainless steel handle that is more comfortable on the hands with a helper handle.
I love comparing the prices nine years ago to today. 100% inflation increase. This is so bad.
Well, maybe a warning to some people, but the seasoning method here is great for the INTERIOR of a pan, but the outside and handle are not going to magically season themselves.  So one would need to use another method, like the oven method, first and maybe two times, before using this method to really get a good seasoning going on the interior.  (Unless it's a Stratacookware skillet with a stainless steel exterior and handle, only being carbon steel in the interior.)
Blu Skillet Ironware 13" Fry Pan is 380.00 in 2025. Ridiculous
so much information in just 5 minutes. awesome feat!
they also make great personal protection devices,..mine would drop an ox.
Funny - starts off saying they're affordable @ $40 then- next thing it's $280 WOW.  NOW, it's $380 and unavailable. Sheet
Brilliant!
3:55-4:30 Listen to that ruckus in the background... I love it! You know they are working hard and trying their best to give honest reviews!
Ye sorry but you cant make me believe your back side of the pan got seasoned from baking potato peels on the other side 😂😂😂 this was edited af.
lol. the winning pan is now $109 in 2024.
Bought the Matfer Bourgeat Black Carbon Steel Frying Pan, 11 3/4 4 years ago, was $54 USD at the time, the price has increased quite a bit, great pan.
I love my Made In 12”.
The soap myth persists. YES, you CAN use soap on seasoned steel/iron pans. This one has far outlasted the "searing seals in juices" legend...
You had me at Air Hockey
So 9 years later that best pan that was $44 is now $85, up almost 100%.  That works out to 8%/year increase....way, way above inflation.
Those Blu Skillet pans are $380 now in 2024, with a lottery system for buying one. 😓
Why are the people in the background pretending to do things? Example: at 1:27 the woman to the right picks up an empty bowl then a spatula and scoops out nothing.
Please buy Buyer. Best pan ever.
5:10 "only $44." Crying in 2024 where it costs $70+ 😭😭😭😭😭
I thought you can still use soap to wash as long as there’s no lye in it?
This was $44 eight years ago….now it’s $74
My experiment w/ a cast iron pan was quickly aborted when I realized that it was creating deep scratches in my glass stove top.  Not all of us have gas ranges!!!!  Are these pans any better that way?  I suspect they are???
The fact the winner pan is 2x the price now is insane was looking for a good cost effective carbon steel to replace my nonstick and ATK reviews are generally very good/accurate. But with that giant price increase I feel like the winner isn’t worth it anymore
Despite some of the comments to the contrary, I'd have liked to have seen a bit more detail. Especially a list of the skillets tested.  They appear to have chosen the Matfer over the De Buyer simply because it fits on the top shelf of their oven better.  I've had both pans and the De Buyer is far superior.  Just put it on a lower shelf!!
Not using soap on a cast iron or carbon steel is something you DON'T have to worry about anymore. I use soap on mine all the time, and have literally never had an issue with my seasoning. Mild dish soap... you know, the kind without lye... is okay to use on seasoned pans
Fantastic presentation - thank you!
Potato peels salt and oil to season! Genius!
Why are all the handles terrible?
I worry about the weld vs rivets. Over time welds can break with the temp change and abuse. Rivets should hold up better over time. My two cents.
Thanks for making me spend $400 on a skillet...kidding, the Blu Skillet is amazing.  No regrets.
the standard variant has a limit in terms of max heat because of coating on the handle, something like max 200 degrees celsius so you should not put it in the oven above that temp
Me after 5 thin layers of seasoning and food still sticks easily even after pre-heating and enough oil: "Ugh, I see why nonstick pans are so much more popular".
Amazing stuff! Love your videos
Merten and Storck (not tested here) is the Epicurious review winner and is pretty cheap and the pre-seasoning was good enough that I've never had to season it
Thanks for the info;  these are too much trouble; I'll stay with my iron skillets! Last forever, induction compatible easily affordable! 🇺🇸 Made!
When I bought the recommended Matfer skillet several years ago, I had big problems. I followed the instructions for preparing the pan, but it wasn't nonstick at all. Eventually, I figured out that I hadn't actually removed the waxy coating, despite scrubbing hard. (I heard that they later started shipping with an easier-to-remove coating.)  I ended up stripping the pan and starting over. (For stripping, Easy Off heavy duty oven cleaner works well, though vinegar can work with lighter messes.)  Also, it's not necessary to sauté potato skins. Just apply a very thin coating of oil (a few drops of vegetable, canola, or grapeseed oil, but not flax) and wipe away ALL excess with a paper towel until the pan looks almost dry. Excess oil will become a sticky mess when heated and you'll have to strip the pan and start over (I speak from experience!).  Then heat the pan until the oil smokes. One video said keep the heat on until the smoking stops, but I think I just turned it off when the smoking started. Let it cool, and you're done.  After a single round of seasoning, I was able to cook a scrambled egg (in olive oil) with no sticking.
I absolutely love my carbon steel pan I bought a year ago.  It's my go-to pan for just about everything.
I love my Matfer Bourgeat
Good demo and review, many thanks!  I was intrigued by these pans and finally bought one on Amazon.  It has yet to arrive. Blu Skillet Ironware costs $380 for the 13" Fry Pan.  Hand forged in USA and usually sold out completely due to high demand.  Get them while you can, but frankly, I would not pay this much for a frying pan even if coated with gold. Mauviel is ridiculously priced and has limited sizing.  Made in France. De Buyer Mineral B (this is the brand name) are medium priced $80 for their largest 12" Crepe Pan. They also make Fry Pans in various sizes.  Crepe Pan 9.5" is $55.  Made in France.  I bought the largest crepe pan for $80.  I want it for crepes, omelettes, and South Indian Dosas.  Maybe even Ethiopian Injera from Teff flour (low glycemic). Matfer Bourgeat is much cheaper than all the others and very highly regarded.  Crepe pan at 9.5" is only $40 on Amazon.  Made in France.  They don't make very large ones but have a decent collection of crepe and frying pans on Amazon.  I like this one the best for their hidden rivets and crisp definition of bottom edging, not so rounded.  I'm going to buy the fry pan.
This was probably the best video I’ve ever seen. Hugely informative, direct and to the point, covering every aspect one could want. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Damn, the Matfer Bourget has been jacked up to $160 CAD on Amazon :(
The Matfer Bourgeat has doubled in price since this video, which is a shame.
protein:  the recommended pan Is very very heavy and the handle is very very long.  it is very hard to handle even small size and talking from a guy with muscle....
Keeping delicate foods from sticking?  Ha, that is why I won't buy anymore.  They do not keep foods from sticking, too hard to season.
$44 is now up to $75. Damn these greedy corporations.
These now have DOUBLED in price post Covid/19 / Joe (INFLATION) Biden☝️🤨
I just love the cut at 1:19 to hide the fact that the pan doesn't fit in the oven due to its handle.
I love this channel!!!
Best presentation and helpful
Had to dislike video too many f_cking ads a_shole!
Any issues with warping on induction stovetop?  Anyone with practical experience, please reply
What is the role of salt and potato skins in seasoning? Can someone explain this?
Thank you for this excellent, succinct, and succulent video.
what do you really recomend for somebody like to cook and want to be healthy, Carbon Steel pan or stainless steel 18*10 pan?
DAMN she is KNOWLEDGEABLE  that's for sure 👍🏾... she's so Clear & Accurate
Have you tested on induction ranges? I am finding that it won't heat evenly and is hard to season.
The pan is now 130$
Have the stoves in the United States are electric and carbon steel warps on electric. That’s probably why they haven’t really taken off here. I have a carbon steel walk with a rounded bottom due to my electric stove. Makes it very hard when your pot spins.
2:00 and 3:36
Too bad the winner is almost doubled in price now
Great Infor, direct & to the point. Thank you
7 years later the $40 has turned into $73
@ around 3:25 she says to never scrub with an abrasive or use soap on carbon steel pans. Then @ around 3:37 it looks just like someone's using a sponge with soap on the pan. I'm totally confused.
I'm torn between carbon steel and stainless steel. What do you guys think ?
Ok. I’ve made a life altering decision. I’m going to buy one great carbon steel pan and maybe one new decent non stick and be rid of all the rest with the exception of my cast iron. I should be good for the rest of my life with pans. One can pile up too many pans and lids.
You lyning B, this is more then $44 on amazon.Thumbs down.
You can use dish soap with cast iron and carbon steel. That idea is leftover from when soap used to have lye in it. Detergent shouldn't be able to remove covalently bonded molecules from a pan.  Don't put it in the dishwasher though! Dishwasher tablets are far more corrosive.
I wish I see this . Got my blue carbon steel pan yesterday. I did the seasoning wrong. The burnt spot remain uneven
Is there an alternative to the potatoe peels?
"Brown and black is beautiful." - Uncle Scott's Kitchen
How do I season the outside of the skillet if using the potato peel method? Do I just do separate runs in the oven like you would with a cast iron?
$230 in 2015, It's $380 now.
I read multiple reviews on Amazon of the Matfor Bourgeat Black Steel Round Frying Pan.  All said it warped.  Not a problem if using a gas burner stove.  A real problem for electric stoves with flat surfaces, such as glass.
Braeden Zamarron, I just read your comment and I wholeheartedly agree with you.  This lady is obviously bright and very good at what she does in this format.
that omelette is nightmare fuel tho
She is fantastic!
I love cast iron, every time I go to a place that sells it I have to look at it even though I really dont need anymore ...bought a debuyer omelet pan and fell in love with it....it does eggs better than cast iron imo, though nothing beats cast iron corn bread ...the downside is carbon steel will lose its seasoning easier with tomato sauces etc...so I use it for browning meats and breakfast foods ...I now also have a matfer 11-7/8 pan for my big skillet use, much easier to maneuver than a 12 inch cast iron skillet ...here is a tip, you can also season these pans in the oven, I would keep the temp no higher than 400 degrees....a gas burner stove does a great job getting the sides seasoned too
What about the ones with coated handles that do have oven temp limits?
buying a CS pan is self harming
I don’t know what I’m doing wrong my pan seems to be perfectly seasoned but yet everything sticks to it. My cast iron is great nothing sticks. I’m throwing my carbon steel out. Total waste of money
2:27 what did I do wrong? - my skillet did not get brown at all (I bought the Matfer Bourgeat pan)
I wish I would have got these instead of a stainless steel set
the way carbon steel sears chicken, imo, is better than cast iron. just ate some right now. Taste better than cast iron.
De Buyer Mineral B Pro. Very heavy, beautiful pan. Best by far in my opinion.
Great video, thanks.
Some have commented that they had carbon steel pans warp when using on flat surface electric stoves. This is correct. This is because all steel warps unless it is heated on every part evenly - ask any welder or metal worker.  I have used carbon steel pans on both. When cooking on gas, the slight warp is not noticed but on a ultra flat top of most electric stoves even the slightest warp is noticeable. Gas stoves tend to heat more evenly.  Commercial kitchens, and the one at American Test Kitchens, use gas stoves.  Also, those that season the pan and still have eggs stick are not adding the egg with enough oil or are not adding the egg at the proper pan temperature.  There is a skill to using carbon steel pans. Once you learn that skill, you will never turn back to the limitations of stainless steel or "the purchase one every year"  teflon coated.  With that being said, my pots are high quality stainless, my sourdough bread is made in cast iron dutch ovens and my pizza is on a steel plate.  I have a small, high quality teflon pan I only use for low heat,  fried eggs for convenience and because of that, it will last many years. I cook a lot. :)
Anybody watching in 2022, looking at recent reviews it seems that the cheap winner has turned into very poor quality possibly from trying to meet demand. If ATK could do this again that would be great
I have bought carbon steel from 8 dollars to 65 dollars the cheaper pans are as good or better than the French big dollar u just need decent thickness  season by using the pan no need for oven / potatoes  or anything else  clean dry  and oil  you're done I've used thin woks to thick heavy pans brands mean very little.
always hated the rivets in any cookware.
Is this an ad?
People need to know, this is not an easy pan to use. You need to take care of it, you need to know how to cook with it, you need to be careful about not heating it too fast or it will become uneven (if it isn't uneven from the start), you need to be careful how you clean it etc. For almosts any application, non-stick pans will give you the same result while being much easier to use. All these people going on about how steaks and potatoes and whatever else is much better in a steel skillet are basically pretentious nerds or liars
If cooking a steak or chicken with the intent of making a pan sauce, do these skillets produce enough fond?  Would I be better off using my All Clad if a pan sauce is my goal?  Thanks for the great videos.
Why did my potatoes burn to the bottom of the pan when I tried that seasoning technique? F.
I hate womensplaining but that was a PROsplaining! Thanks!
i think it would be impossible to watch this video and not instantly buy a carbon steel pan
Straight to the point! Love it
Mine warped instantly. Back it goes. Are these just incompatible with flat-top glass tops? The manufacturer claims these are compatible with induction burners (for clarity mine is NOT induction based) which I think would cover the worst-case in terms of non-uniform heating however after experiencing this, it seems like these pans are not really well suited for glass stove tops, and that this is a common problem.
Agreed, this kid is the best presenter--right to the point with excellent, useful info....
I got one of these at Lidle for like 9.99.  I seasoned it with 10 layers of avocado oil on my gas grill, but egg still stuck to it bigtime.  What they don't tell you is that it needs a really good layer of butter or oil to achieve that 'non-stick' sliding around that she is showing.  I've used it on my charcoal grill to make smashburgers and it did pretty well just using a thin layer of oil and a strong metal spatula for flipping.  Did not need to add oil before later patties meaning that if the food itself 'generates' some oil/water, then a good metal spatula can work.
Hello, I am writing to you from Spain, I appreciate your video, for which I was curious since I have had De Buyer pans for many years. I want to make an observation, a very quick image shows how you fry an egg, but turn it over, it seems like an "attack" to me. Can you promise me that you will "be good" in the year 2022?
$230 for a pan yikes....no thanks hand forged doesn't justify it.
Nice reviews! I wonder how wrought iron pans (like those from Aus-ion for instance) would compare  *(Also, Stanley Rogers cast iron series seems thinner and lighter than traditional cast iron, would be interesting to test it too)
Thank you so much for this video.
Which of your two winners has the better surface to avoid scratching a glass stop range?
Why the 11 7/8 instead of the 12 5/8 skillet?
Bought the matfer 12 5/8 inch pan.  One size bigger than this recommends and i'm glad I did. I seasoned exactly as shown here.  Then dumped skins, wiped out and then put back on the stove with another oil wipe and got it just to smoking point and thats when in really changed color and seasoned.  Egg test immediately following and it was like teflon but obvi a much better pan.  Then blackend  some chix thighs and fried some potatoes.  This pan is a gem and retiring my off gassing teflon to the basement.
Excellent
I used an el'cheapo carbon steel pan for ages. Paid $20 for it and it was just as good as my expensive one. Just a little thinner & lighter that suited my little fragile wrists.
I tried the seasoning method, even with very small amount of potatopeel, it's work really great with only 1x seasoning Never knew seasoning can be this easy and cheap haha Thank you!
I liked it but I wish they would have listed a couple of normal priced ones. Only one of the ten or so regular ones was good?
Why can't we use lacquer thinner to remove the shipping coating? Lacquer thinner removes everything and it is not absorbed by steel.
Meh. I did the research on these based on the promise they reduced the hassle of cast iron but its the same junk. Too much effort, I will stick to stainless steel. I dont mind managing a seasoning but I see no point in doing so if it will still rust in long storage anyway.
I'm going to try one. I recently got a ceramic one and not a cheap one but don't like it. I don't know if I burnt the ceramic or what but everything gets stuck.
Thanks for a great review of equipment!  I followed the advice of the “New York Times” and bought the Made In  Blue Carbon wok and frying pan…fantastic!
The presentation is great, however you should be aware that the test didn't compare quality in regard to warping, which is a problem with some of these pans. de Buyer 11" pans is the most used quality pan in European professional kitchens, based on its solidity and overall quality. Again, some prefer the mountain and some the sea. Preferences differ. The reason for the long and angled handle is to make it easy to use and toss around on a busy stovetop, and some also find it easy to rest it on the forearm to angle it when spooning up sauce etc. Also, for two hands tossing the handle is great. Some struggles with one hand due to its weight.
Missing all the brilliant one piece pans. I'd take a darto over any of these.
Didnt see any De Buyer Mineral B Pro…..my favourite 😉
What a lie.  Carbon steel melts at 1500 degrees
so informative and to the point  thank you
i've always been a fan of cast iron pans. but then the carbon steel nation attacked
Very nice! Thorough without getting bogged down in details yet rich in information. Really enjoyable and valuable.
I never, never get this non sticking efeckt in those pans. This is simply not possible. For me at least. I tried for now over the years 6 pans. IT IS ALWAYS AND EVERYTHING STICKING!
Weird question. Since the whole pan is metal, and susceptible to rust.. do you need to season the outside, handle, and bottom as well?
Thanks
No bs explanation of the product. No wasted time and running around the bush. Excellent explanation and video. Thank you for not wasting my time.
Sorry lady but I’m not spending $230 for a frying pan. My $18 Lodge 10.5 pan can’t be beat. Nothing sticks and I use it daily.
I ADORE READING
I purchased the one recommended In this video.. after several SEASONings  rounds per manufacturers instructions .. everything sticks to the pan still.. if you have an electric cook top.. the saftey sensor will activate ..you cant get the pan hot enough to correctly season the pan for the use..
I cook mostly on carbon, awesome pans!  I got a  new 12” at a kitchen supply for 12$ Canadian, 9$ US in 2017, still great today.  Way better than cast iron for most uses…
I still occasionally have issues with browning tomatoes and diced potatoes sticking. Maybe I’m not using enough oil?
Hot!
yes i would buy this no prob not a pro but no like so called non stick you end up eating the pan
I've seasoned my De Buyer carbon steel pan, but eggs still stick. They don't slide around like your video shows. Not sure what I'm doing wrong.
I love my mineral b carbon steel pan its the only way to cook. Every once in awhile I get minor sticking. No problem that's when I heat the pan on low, turn the faucet on hot and go directly in the hot Water witb the hot pan. The steam will make stuck on food super easy to clean with just a soft sponge.
I use soap when needed for both my cast iron and carbon steel and it's not problem. I don't use a alot, but sometimes depending on what I cooked it helps out.  The whole "no soap" rule was from the days when soap used to have lye, as that would eat away at the seasoning. Today, Easy Off oven cleaner is a popular method for stripping the seasoning off of a cast iron pan because it does contain lye.
yo good vid ty
thanks for the great video, straight ot the point and detailed. No over production.
I don’t get it. All this seasoning and oiling and maintenance. Why do all that if you aren’t someone that cooks for a living? My non stick pan seems to work just well with zero maintenance and I can also scrub it with soap. That’s gross that you can’t scrub your pans
I bought the top pan. How do we get the factory coating off? It does not budge with the company's instructions. Some Amazon reviews say to use lye or alcohol or scrub for an hour! I understand the seasoning process, but not how to get the Matfer Bourgeat secret coating off.
fantastic
you got my attention.     Cheers
I try never to buy anything that is made "in Seattle" ... Now if it was made in South Bronx...
I have a 10” carbon steel pan that I bought at a yard sale 36 years ago for 25 cents and still use it almost every day.
What kind of oil??
This was an excellent very well planned and put together video. Very informative.
Surprising people still repeating the myth that soap is bad for carbon steel/cast iron.  There are several professional cast iron restorer/sellers that recommend soap and water. You just have to heat it to remove all moisture afterwards and rub a little oil on it to protect it.
Well, carbon steel kind of makes stainless steel useless now lol.
If you want the ranking chart you have to get a subscription to americas test kitchen, bait n switch.
My favorite presenter in ATK. She is by the far the most informative and cover most of her bases unlike other presenter. No fluff, no bs.
You can absolutely wash a seasoned pan with a a scrub brush and dish soap without harming the polymerized coating. As the video mentions, you can simmer an acidic base for a short while with no problem. Hot tap water and dish soap is an even more mild combination. Wash your pans, dry them well, it's fine. Also yes you can make the pan "non stick" but it will never be close to a Teflon pan. The opening shots show the eggs sliding around on a layer of oil or butter. Well of course it won't stick to that. Cook with some oil, but do it because it makes food better. Carbon steel is a good jack of all trades, somewhere between cast iron skillet and a teflon frying pan,but they are all fine and all have they strong and weak points. Get the most affordable carbon steel pan with good construction and go cook, it will be fine. They're not using $100+ carbon steel pans in a restaurant kitchen. They use whatever is most durable for the price.
I'm surprised that the carbon steel pan from Made-In wasn't reviewed. It's fantastic, affordable, and is hugely popular with chefs all over the world.
My parents had one they got in the 50s. Cooked everything so well. Wish I had it now.
And comparing carbon steel to the stainless skillet you reviewed, which would you recommend?
Another tremendous video, except for one point. You certainly *can* use dish soap when cleaning. Just don't use an abrasive scrub brush or sponge. The same holds true for cast iron.
Hey, on pans where the handle is a little too high to comfortably fit in the oven, lower the shelf down a notch! Betcha it fits now...
I bought the winner and it works great but it's pretty heavy and you really have to choke up on the handle. If you grab it near end of the handle it can be hared to maneuver comfortably.
Excellent presentation
Thanks...   *** Matfer Bourgeat Black Steel Round frying pan 11 7.8
Really well done review.  I appreciate your "lets get to the point" style and at the end where you spoke about handle length and pan depth.  Very comprehensive.
Do stainless steel pan vs carbon steel pan 😉
Referring to 4:42 in the video:  which ones had cramped cooking surfaces? Which ones had the high sides? Which ones had the low sides?  I purchased the 10-1/4"  Mafter Bourgeat and will be returning it due to it only has a 7-1/2" cooking surface, too small. It's kind of shaped like a gold panning pan, a lot of sides to make the overall dimension. I wish I could find some carbon steel skillets shaped like my cast iron.  Heck the 12" cast iron has a 10" cooking surface. Not much flare-out on the sides. Does anybody know of some?
I wouldn't recommend getting Matfer due to it having only one handle.  The Matfer handle is quite wide and uncomfortable, it's a two handed job just lifting it off the stove without food.  Also as has been noted if you want to get a 12" cast iron cooking surface of 10" you need to buy the 14" Matfer with a 10 1/4" cooking surface.  Both Cast iron and Matfer weigh the same but you are holding the Matfer much further out the handle which makes it feel much heavier.
lighter thinner NO F&$&^$ WAY #1 skillet U can get at a cast iron skillet at a garage sale for less then $10 and 15% of them will be a vintage one worth up to $100 to $500 the cast iron is the only wat to cook T-Bones ribeyes all good steaks. if you dont want to destroy your families meal use Grandmas old cast iron she handed down to you. as far as Carbon Steel is concerned i wouldnt use it in my backyard for target practice
You threw the potato peels out?   Looks like a good base for a soup stock 😄
I purchased both a 12.5" De Buyer Mineral B and a 12-5/8" Matfer Bourgeat Black Steel.  After seasoning, the Matfer is definitely nonstick and a fried egg slides all around like a hockey puck.  Eggs still stick a bit to the De Buyer.
so, in summary, I can pay 230 bucks for a pan that will be on par or outperform any cast iron skillets that I have, OR, I can pay 40 bucks (the same as the most I've ever paid for cast iron) for basically the exact same pan, I just need to season it? I love this channel, but this video was long by 5 minutes and 48 seconds. it should've been, "hi, this is america's test kitchen, buy this pan. goodbye."
I'm confused about cooking tarte tatin in carbon steel. I thought acid was kryptonite for the layers of oil you need to build up in cast iron or carbon steel or at least that what I have heard. Maybe that's wrong?
Would a stainless steel pan handle acidic sauces cooked for a long time better? Thanks for this video. I'm pricing out a bunch of cookware for what I make so I appreciate any response from anyone knowledgeable
I'm from Europe and I've never seen a carbon-steel cook-ware anywhere in Portugal or Poland, so probably a bit too generic of a statement.
I've been cooking with cast iron for 50 years, I just recently discovered carbon steel skillets when I got a 10" Blue Carbon steel skillet from MadeIn.  I love that skillet, and just ordered a Matfer Black Steel skillet in 11 7/8" for when I need two skillets at once.  I have 3 Field Company cast iron skillets that I love, they are smoooooth inside and cook wonderfully.  The skillet I am waiting for will complete my collection.
If part of the point of seasoning is rust protection, how do you season the outside of the pan?
you don't need this s***t
I'm six feet tall and comfortable with the size of a wok so I guess that makes getting a wok rather than mid sized sided pan a no-brainer?
Can this replace an all clad D3 stainless steel? Looking to buy one or the other is possible! This vs All clad SS!
I am going to really give carbon steel skillets a run along side my cast iron.   I have a couple that are in need of a return from the dead rusted. This will be an industrial level project replete with chemicals and power sanding. I just hope they are not too far gone. I do know some people prefer steel based on the weight alone.
Cook's always does a great job.
I’ll keep using soap on my cast iron and steel pans thanks 🙏🏻
amazing pans that will last for generations and keep you happy in the kitchen
I wish I had bought a 100% metal one, just bought a wok but it has plastic handle that can't be removed
I had heard the name 'america's test kitchen' a lot while watching babish videos but for some reason thought it was just an online recipe database. I am beyond thrilled to see such an informative, no nonsense, review of cookware. Instant subscribe.
Excellent review. very professional, doesn't waste my time. just the facts.
Carbon steel pans work great and are much lighter than cast...an 8 inch cast is good...most of the bigger ones are just to heavy
Amazing and complete explanation .. thanks!
Does it make any difference what kind of salt you use? I used table salt not kosher. It developed a layer of brownish seasoning. Then the next time I used it I fried an egg and some of the seasoned came off!???
That method didnt do anything! What the hell, that was useless!
"We saw an egg sliding around like a puck in air hockey"....you realize we can see the quarter cup of oil you have in the pan, right?  You can slide an egg around a zero coated rusted pan with that much oil.
soap will NOT remove you seasoning
I love the Matfer BUT the long handle gets hot very quickly. I always  have to use to use a towel to prevent hand scalding.....,
Good luck burning these in with anything but a gas oven or decent induction.
Arghh I should have purchased this instead of cast iron that weights a ton.
When anyone mentions carbon steel skillets being popular in Europe they mean France (maybe countries of BeNeLux) and Spain for their paella pans. Households in any other country of Europe are as ignorant to carbon steel as U.S. ones.
That $44 pan is now nearly $80 😔
Great review.  Would never pay for something like All-Clad (Yuppie bait).
You forgot to test the best and most used carbon steel pan from europe. Turk pans are so cheap but are the best pans in my kitchen.
That was really interesting. This lady did a very nice job!
The De Buyer Mineral B pan has an epoxy coating on the handle, and so it's only oven-rated to just below 400 deg F (200 C) and only for a short time (I think less than 20 minutes).
thank you so much for this, have ordered my Matfer and thinking about the seasoning.  I am thinking I can use Avocado oil since it is a high heat oil. I am wondering how to season the underside of the pan.  And it appears that you don't have to season the handle?
Can’t buy carbon steel commercially ?
First step that they skipped was to expose the carbon steel pans, cleaned of its shipping grease, to high temperature until it blues. Chinese chefs do this to their woks. Most gas cok ranges don't put off the BTU's, so wha t you can do is remove the top of the burner so that the burner becomes a jet when lit. This will then get it hot enough to blue the steel. like on here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ch2hhGi-9zc Then proceed with her steps to seasoning or follow the one in the vid I posted.
The Matfer Bourgeat is probably good, and cheap in the US. Amazon France sells it for €143, plus shipping ... EDIT: ... but they have the same pan under a different name for just €38 - strange. Lots of negative reviews for warping, though. EDIT: Eventually I got a De Buyer with stainless steel handle - perfect.
Oil type?
Love carbon steel, but I’d say probably every restaurant I’ve ever been in uses Winco heavy gauge aluminum pans and pots.
FYI, don’t use table salt.  Lol
This list isn't complete without the Solid Technics pans from Australia, Please review these next time!: www.solidteknics.com
How do you season the bottom of the skillet?
Hello, is there a video teaching this tarte tartin recipe?
Why does ATK call pans "skillets". I grew up in the restaurant business and I cook a lot myself. I have never in my life heard any chef or cook or server or relative, call a pan a skillet. Oy! So annoying. 🙄
I have always despised Christopher Kimball and found him to be a complete pompous douche. But the staff at America's Test Kitchen is a gastronomic treasure. I truly value these equipment test segments as they are always helpful when deciding on new equipment. The exposition here is concise and thorough.
Will the handles and/or the bottom of the pan rust if you don't season them too?  And do you season with medium or high heat?
Why is it so hard to find a carbon steel saute pan with a lid?
I picked up that Matfer pan and its junk.  The casting was so rough I broke a nail running my finger around the rim.
The price of the winning pan has doubled, I will not buy from a company that inflated their prices due to popular demand.
Working along side cooks and chefs who sling and bang those steel pans around, I have noticed that they do warp and bend in a really short period of time. You just can`t get around that, especially in a very busy kitchen.
burned omelet
So basically the only pan you need
Just purchased my Matfer on this review
Common in Europe yes, but not in the UK. We, it seems would rather pay  more for a crappy aluminium non-stick pan from the likes of Tefal, with a limited useful life.  Our hand was rather forced when we changed to an induction hob; stainless, cast or carbon steel. So we have one of each.
Your new video of this comparison does have most of this exact clips.
I'm seeing some different ads online under the brand Matfer Bourgeat listed as "Black Steel" and other ads listed as "Black CARBON Steel". Wondering if there's a difference?
Ok, pet peeve of mine, but everyone should look up the definition of steel! Basically it's iron and carbon. There is no steel that exists that does have some of both in them. So any steel pan is a carbon steel pan. Even cast iron is carbon steel. The difference is in the percentage of carbon in the steel. A decent 'carbon' steel pan will have about 1% carbon, cast iron will have about 3% carbon and a decent steel knife will have roughly between 1-2% carbon. Typically knife steel is termed 'high carbon' though it's really not, cast iron is (relatively) high carbon but doesn't have near the tensile strengthen of lessor carbon steels, the secret being just the right amount of carbon for the right application. 'Carbon' steel pans are relatively low carbon...I'm not saying that they are bad pans, just that the terminology is deceptive.  Rant off
naw, son. i paid $13 for my 9" blue carbon steel pan at Marshall's.
The worst cooking utensils is STAINLESS STEEL and ALUMINUM ~  Don't give up on Stainless Steel, They make very good knifes and meat cleavers  ect. ~  BUT   STAINLESS STEEL AND ALUMINUM  IS NOT GOOD FOR POTS, PANS, AND SKILLETS. There to thin, and burns things real easy ~ Buy cast iron or a heavy carbon steel, or buy a heavy Stainless Steel . let the thin carbon steel  and the thin stainless steel go as well as aluminum
Made in Seattle? By antifa? I didn’t think any of them were strong enough to swing a hammer.
Thank you. This vid is actually important to me! My favorite pan is my 1978 wok. Just as black and non stick as you can get. Like you stated though I've never known it was anything but in my wok. So thanks, my kitchen gets an upgrade!
Patelnia super ale to co ta kobieta z nią wyprawia to głupota...
It's ok but those handles are horrible they hurt your hand and you can only hold it one way .
So I'm assuming this pan wouldn't be fit for making a curry?
Pan for 230 $ ..Crazy ..Chinese will have an opportunity here..
They said not to use soap but the polymerized oil won’t be scrubbed off with soap, if it does then it is oil not a polymer. Like they said don’t use abrasive scrubbers, and the advantage is that most of the time the pan doesn’t need to be washed, just wipe it out. But if food does get stuck, don’t be afraid to use a little dawn it’s not going to ruin the pan. Another great way to clean pans like cast iron and carbon steel, that don’t have coatings on the inside, is to put coarse salt in the pan and scrub the pan using the salt. 👌🏻
I have heard the carbon steel pans don't perform the same or season well if you are using an electric stove.. that is why I have never bought one.. I would love if you would test that out.
If you have a gas range, carbon steel is a no-brainer. It is the best of both worlds, with the cooking performance of stainless, with the non stick ability as well. Unfortunately, cannot use these of glass tops or induction..
Matfer Bourgeat Black Steel 11 7/8 (300mm)  The overall length (including handle) : 550 mm The diameter of the cooking surface : 225 mm  Had to ask for this by email. Factor in the size of your oven and the size of your steaks before purchase.
Possibly because they look "dirty" and don't match the nice shiney designer cookware set spoiling the "look "of the kitchen ?
It’s like cast iron 2.0
i went ahead and got a 16" carbon steel wok > can do it all > i was looking for a 16 or 18" plow disc. No such luck The thing about carbon steel can use metal on them,  better than cast iron, and its lighter than cast iron, and it heats up faster than cast iron ~  I do love my cast iron as well
So i bought the ine they d Said. Its the worst.. Im a strong guy and this thing is si heavy, good luck ladies and men. Try using one hand to maneuver, its almost impossible
Before you season the pan be prepared for smoke alarms blaring.
Can I use carbon steel pans on a Glass top stove
My mom & grandma never bothered to "season" either their cast iron or carbon steel skillets. Of course, they fried everything in a ton of bacon fat from day one so that might have had something to do with it 😁
Guys, please! Soap isn't an abrasive and won't scratch or remove the seasoning!
There called cheap pans sold at the five and dime stores that are now called carbon steel Lol.
I’ve gone all in with cast iron already it’s too late
Soap is fine, modern soap doesn't have lye in it so it won't disrupt the covalent bond of the oil to the pan.
I have the Matfer; after this video came out; the seller on amazon was selling the 11 7/8" for $599!  Insane!  I bought the 12.5"..  It's year 5 of owning it and it did NOT hold up well... the warping is ridiculous; so much so that I 'm going to buy a De Buyer tomorrow to replace it; go to amazon and read the reviews!!  Horrible.  The deflection is about 2mm on my pan; just like all the other owners on amazon.. and that is the problem with these reviews; no long term testing.  That being said; my De Buyer 9" is on its 11th year.. and completely flat and cooks great.  WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THE Matfer.
Can I make french omelette in a carbon steel pan?
I bought the matfer because of this video but it's an absolute nightmare to work with compared to my old lodge. The seasoning is much more delicate when you're scrubbing off bits and in my experience the non stick quality, good enough for those eggs, takes longer than one round of seasoning like they say here. It's not much lighter than a cast iron either. You also won't get seasoning to evenly travel up the sides of the pan unless you have a gas stovetop, and with some carbon steel (matfers are notorious for this) induction burners may warp the cooking surface into either a bowl or dome shape.   With my electric stovetop, I've found mine develops the best seasoning if I preheat it well on medium, apply a quarter sized puddle of Grapeseed oil, crank heat up to 7/10 & continue wiping the oil out as it beads up on the surface. If it's smoking profusely then you might have used too much oil or you've got layers of bad seasoning
It also adds natural iron to your food!
I'm loving my D3 that I've heard SO much about by people I respect. Upon searching the BLU site, I saw they make all sizes that might be little bits different than what other output to the public. You mentioned the lighter weight, that may have been the purchase point if I'd known of them before I invested in the stainless. Oh well, I'm still actually liking preparing food now that I do have a solid piece of cookware to begin with, nothing like the old aluminum pieces you'd find at garage sales for $3, non-stick with real metals, not coatings, is the only way.
very nice video and to the point i almost didn't give you a chance glad i did
This is my very favorite presenter! 👍💖
I love ATK, but I feel like they didn’t do their homework on this one. Or at least, their methodology was out of touch with the needs of their target audience - the average American home cook. According to USA Today, 55% of American households have electric ranges vs 33% gas (induction is a small but growing percentage). That means the average home cook is using an electric cooktop, many of which are smooth. By many accounts, carbon steel pans are highly prone to warping on anything other than a gas stovetop, due to a large temp differential causing uneven heating. (Btw - the uneven heating is also the likely cause of seasoning failures for so many people with electric cooktops who attempt the method shown in the video). See this video for a demonstration of what happens when you use ATK’s top pick on an electric or induction cooktop: https://youtu.be/Ub-ADtsGo5s.  Hopefully the good folks at ATK do a short follow up to this video, which might save their audience from purchasing equipment that won’t work in a home kitchen.  Basically, the whole mission of this channel.
Thank you for the great review.  I found a "hard-ntirding cast iron wok" at Marshall's today for $25 (normally $42 they say).  I bought it as their stock is always random.  Now, I'm researching if I want to take the tag off and set out to season it and use it.  It's a Brandani brand.  You don't test that brand, anyone know about this one?  Also, it says "hard-nitriding", does anyone have thoughts on if that is the same as carbon steel?  I know at the Asian groceries, I've seen big, cheap woks that look to be carbon steel.  This nitriding layer caims to keep the iron surface free of rust.  And it is thinner and lighter than traditional cast iron.  My wife had to have only stainless steel, cast iron, or glass.  So we never tried the cheaper seeming wok from the Asian grocery, as she couldn't feel comfortable the source or type of metal.  I'm now thinking it was carbon steel and may go back and check/compare.  We got a cast iron Lodge wok for like $50, and it is so ridiculously heavy and cumbersome, we've used it like twice.  This Brandani is a nice sized wok, but in watching your video, it seems there are ones out there, still 12", that have a wider/flatter bottom.  And while the wok has a specific shape for stir-fry, I see now if I did get a nice finish on this and want to make it my everyday pan for eggs or whatever, the rounder bottom won't be great.  Anyway, comments from other readers welcome, and thanks for a good video.
The pan didn't fit in the oven lol https://youtu.be/-suTmUX4Vbk?t=79
I've never had a carbon steel pan that didn't eventually warp. If you have a gas range this doesn't really matter but it ruins the pan for use on an electric. Keep this in mind when deciding.
2:26 looks really tasty 2:31 YOU DO WHAT!
https://www.facebook.com/Jeetee-Cookware-104681474657206
This was not a review didn't mention other brands just styles. Only said custom Seattle.
This woman is a amazing.
Lady presenter is top of the line. Good job!! Keep it up!!
Cast iron is better than these....get an old Griswald number 8 cast iron pan.
Shut down PBS Marxist propaganda soldiers
I am actually curious and have a question, can you season cast iron pan with the salt, oil and potato peels?
I wonder when should we use cast iron, stainless steel or carbon steel pans?
I'm still surprised Carbon-steel skillets haven't really taken off in homes all around America yet. It's like combining the best of cast iron skillets with stainless steel pans.
How do you keep the underside from rusting?🤔🤔🤔
Nice, and my debuyer came with a rubber handle coating，which melted abit when seasoning
"Somehow they've never caught on in the United States"     THAT'S BECAUSE WE HAVE ALL-CLAD YOU FOOL!!!
I'm a big cast iron fan and have a few 100 year old plus skillets and a proper dutch oven for cooking on the trail. I use these daily. I bought my first carbon steel skillet from Lodge. I an disappointed as it has a crown in the cooking surface. It is not flat. I'm wondering if anyone else has experienced this in the carbon steel
I bought that French one two years ago... very heavy... a huge drawback... and handle is extremely stoopid.. it needs a re-design for the handle.. other than that, it’s a good pan
$80 for a pan? LOL, having a laugh!
One of the pro's for the Matfer was not having inner rivets that trap food..... they then proceed to show a pan with inside rivets for 5x the price.... ummm
This was an excellent presentation!  I appreciate how you got right to the topic without a meandering preamble like most videos seem to do.
Total beginner question here, but when she says (after use, washing, etc.) to oil it lightly, what exactly does she mean by that? Just a splash of oil then wipe it up with a paper towel basically?
Is there a reason to have *both* stainless steel and carbon steel pans? Carbon steel seems to be good for everything.
Seems so fun to work there
Can this seasoning technique be used for cast iron as well?
That potato peel + oil + salt trick is the best thing ever. I tried it on my (so far) only carbon steel frying pan and right after I fried an egg. After frying, that thing slid off the pan like it was relieved. Zero sticking, zero problems. Thanks for the tip!
They are sure making a lot of noise behind you ma’am. They should shut the hell up while you’re filming shouldn’t they? Great video.
This or stainless? In thinking of buying on
This should be a whole show on Netflix
I’d be interested to see how standard wall ovens compare, microwaves, and do multifunctional tools live up to the manufacturer’s specs (for example attachment pieces for kitchen aid stand mixer or air fryer dehydrator combos, etc.). 👍🥰
They haven't caught on because they are very expensive compared to cast iron skillets.
What's up with the Trump birthday card commercial?
She/they are fantastic!  I like to watch a little Bob Ross as an appetizer than a few Equipment Reviews to really find my chill.
The acid in the tomatoes is what striped the seasoning out of the pans
Love this video , I need that pan!!
The Blu Skillet is always sold out.  They actually sell via a lottery system.
I bought the Matfer Bourgeat black carbon skillet because they grind out the rivet heads inside the cooking area and it's much better without them. I didn't realize when I bought it that it was such a high quality pan. I have the Mauviel M'Steel in 14" and they cook and season identically, but the handle angle and no rivet heads make the Matfer a better pan overall and for literally half the price.
And now, I  want a new pan or two.
Brilliant education.  The radical handle can be bent by the local muffler shop with the oxyacetylene torch.
Great review
These pans are ok only when you cook on them everyday. You will be spending more time  (seasoning) and money (oil) on these .  And no they will not compete against a nonstick - unless you pour in a lot of oil/butter to clog the arteries.  These belong in Pro kitchens. Marketing these for home use is a scam.
Too bad that pan is now $66 up from $44
Yes the Matfer is listed for $40-$50, but what they don’t tell you is that you will have to pay $20-$25 for shipping.
i have watched near 100 vids on woks and pans (carbon steel) and this by far is best! The presenter is awesome and knows how to deliver the info in the way I didn't know I needed.
I guess I’ll never get a carbon steel since I like my pans to be shiny
Clear and to the point.  Great.
Every carbon steel pan I have ever used, needed a dash of oil in the bottom before it was Non-stick.  This, to me, is not the definition of a nonstick pan.  You must have oil under the food or it definitely will weld to the lovely black seasoning.  Non-stick means, to me, NO oil needed.  This takes 100-200 calories out of your diet every time you cook.  Non-stick pans are out there.  Carbon steel--nope.
One thing to note is if you are able to save money on a skillet with "too high a handle" it shouldn't be too hard to bend it in place. Keep this in mind when factoring in cost. All other things kept the same, but a lower price on the higher handled version, go for it and bend it into place yourself. Don't be afraid to DIY! Just make sure to properly clamp so you don't pop out the rivets
Skillet Lasagna.... my heart just stopped beating for 5 seconds
What, if any, is the advantage of a non-stick pan to a carbon steel pan?
Thanks for the video. I was thinking about these skillets for searing steaks. I want something for all around good cooking from eggs to fried taters.
RIP egg 3:04
would love to see an updated review and add the "made in" pan
But they don't work on glass/ceramic electric cooktops....
this channel has earned a place in my YouTube test kitchen :) subscribed!
Surprised no de Buyer.
And as a result of this review, the price of the winning skillet on Amazon has almost doubled
I wish i had known this all along, no more non stick pan
blue steel.......cat couldn't scratch it
I definitely want one !!!
High end $230 pan is now $360 online... wow
5:05
I know this is an old video but curious what you guys think of wraught iron pans? Solidteknics is the only company I know of that makes makes them, their 10” has been by daily pan for 2 years now. Mine came raw but they have a non stick pre seasoned option now! I already ordered 3 of them in different sizes lol
with how much oil and grease i see you using in the pans, if something stuck it'd be surprising.
Wow I never knew, this is wonderful
This person is one of the best presenters I have seen. She is very succinct, getting right to the point in a very informative and engaging way.
The only minor complaint I have with mine is that unlike a deeply seasoned cast iron the seasoning is kind of easy to take off. Super easy to reseason though.
I wanted to try that seasoning method until you repeated the classic myth about using soap. Now I'm feeling skeptical. Listen to this guy, he'll explain it lmao https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ksrBp-UyB4
My mom's wok will usually last about 3 years before it rust through. You have to wash it with dish soap because they do stick and you have to heat it up after washing to dry it (or it will rust the next day). One way you can dewax the factory coating is to stir fry some tofu in it and then throw the tofu away, I personally just stir fry some scrap vegetables in it instead.
Be careful with carbon steel if you have induction or glass top electric as they can warp very easily. If you have induction or glass top electric and want carbon steel plans then get de Buyer “Carbone Plus” carbon pans. They’re thicker than regular carbon pans so less likely to warp.  “CARBONE PLUS  Carbone Plus, heavy quality iron cookware, a professional, robust range, which diffuses heat perfectly. Its extra thickness makes it suitable for induction. Once seasoned, a natural process, the utensils have the same properties as a non-stick pan.” https://www.debuyer.com/en/products/iron-cookware
I swear I have cooked all kinds of bacon and all kinds of stuff with oil on it and it still sticks after I clean it.  I never have used soup.  What should I do?
I've always owned woks...because Asian.  And I heard so much about these pans...and finally came across one at an estate sale.  I recommend keeping an eye out for things like that.  When you end up hitting the kitchen of a true home cook, you really dig up treasures that have been tested!
Mine cost me £4 in a junk shop 30 years ago.
But carbon steel buckles.
Thanks for the video, I ended up buying the Matfer Bourgeat carbon pan that won your review. However, I noticed the metal on the pan scratches easily and carbon steel is very hard and should not scratch easily. After reviewing the Matfer pan's description it says no where that it's made from carbon steel but only says that it's made of "black steel" which is ambiguous if it contains any carbon at all. This is important because soft metals will chip off into the food instead of being scratch resistant. What is this pan made out of that it scratches so easily?
Your reviews are always gas stove tops
How do they work on a glass stove top
I too , would "big up" products were they given to me!!
It's 4 am and I'm watching a review about a skillet, and I enjoyed it
you sold me with this review. I will buy one to cook on a campfire to see how it performs. i like it that it is lighter. thank you for this video.
What do they do with all that food?!
What is Carbon-Steel? or non carbon - steel. Hahahahaha! Morons.
i own several matfer pans, and they're great.
i have something that is made from carbon steel too
I just bought a cast iron skillet, but must say these look pretty good.
I disagree with the comments about cast-iron skillets. While heavier they almost always outshine the carbon-steel skillets. With a few exceptions: Cast-iron skillets do not cool down as quickly as carbon-steel skillets do; cast-iron skillets win if you are frying lots of meat but carbon-steel skillets win if you are frying just a few fish filets and you want to quickly lower the heat (for the cast-iron by your must instead plan ahead). In my opinion cast-iron wins: usually you want to put much "stuff" into the skillet without it's loosing its heat (here the carbon-steel version fails badly); but for the "fish use-case" you simply need to learn when to lower the temperature ahead of time.  However, for the wight issue, if that is very important to you, there is no solution: cast-iron is heavier for same-size skillets. Both are equally simple to cleanse and maintain. Just make sure to "grease them up" after each use by dispersing a few drips of any cooking oil in the skillet. Most professional chefs use cast-iron skillets but griddles are usually carbon-steel. PS. A tip for deep-cleansing of cast-iron skillets is to add a tablespoon of salt and rub it around with whatever you fancy (add a few drips of water if needed). Rinse with water and "grease" the skillet as usual. DS. PS. I forgot to mention that all *_quality_* cast-iron utility vendors season their produce before selling. DS.
All her frizzy hair kinda bothers me..? She is in a kitchen?  She needs to put it up ..covered?
Mine bows in the middle when it gets hot on the ring for some reason then goes back to normal when it cools down.
The Blueskillet for $230 is now $400 only 4 years later...Newquist Forge has wonderful skillets, woks, and crepe pans. All crafted on the Olympic Peninsula. Grace Young speaks very highly of the woks...
I love my carbon steel.
Recently got the Matfer as a gift from the wife. Great pan so far.
Thanks  Just getting rid of all of my non stick toxic cookware making for a perfect 12" skillet I just oardered the  $44 1st Pan he recommended should be here in 3 days a let you know if I love it
Please explain statement at 4:00 vs. 4:05.  You state superior browning vs cast iron, then state that that it's easily on par with cast iron for browning.
if only she combed her hair...
1:37 facepalm
Do these pans work well over electric burners, or is it just better to use stainless steel and cast iron for electric?
But how well do they work on an electric element?
My carbon steel Lodge pan warped.
Checked out the Blu Skillet Ironware site. Apparently it's a two man operation, so nothing in stock. The pan shown is around $400 now, and you have to enter a lottery each month to TRY to get one.
Nice presentation. Thanks.
There is a new company on the scene called Made In and their carbon steel pans work very well with great handles.
I bought the one that was the best. Its great but its so heavy and difficult at best to use 1 hand to tilt and the other to manipulate things out. Im a 225 pound 40 yr old. Not good fir for the ladies
There is a good reason why most restaurant kitchens use them.
You got big pans by saying they are inexpensive yet you said $40-80 for 1. haha
I have a Lodge Carbon-Steel Skillet that I use with my BBQ grills.  I absolutely love it and the versatility a skillet brings to a BBQ grill no matter if the grill is propane or charcoal.
This looks great but after reading the reviews of these pans they tend to warp which would cause trouble on a glass top electric stove. My wife can’t get out of the habit of starting on high.  After 40 years almost all our non-cast iron pans and griddles are warped.  Cast iron is our go to because it takes the abuse.
Tart fart tan doesn't sound very good
I love my carbon steel cookware.  I keep it seasoned with lard or bacon drippings.  I never wash with soap but with hot water and a steel chainmail scrubber or a bamboo scrubber.  Easy peasy...
1:18 but how do you close the oven?
I'm getting pan sexual after watching all these video about cast iron back to back.
Thank you; this is the kind of clarity I expect in an informative video.
What do you think of the Lodge carbon pans
It's so damned difficult to get one of those Blu pans. I've almost given up at this point.
4 years later, does this still apply?
Nice! No #thedevilweknow
You should try the SolidTeknics carbon Steel.  Way better than what you tested.
So what is the best carbon steel pan for the money?
Is there any reason why you can't season a stainless steel pan like this?
Which one was too deep. I want to buy one
Perhaps being a Trumpster lizard explains why you can't cook? Just kidding. Your post made me smile, thank you
The pan they recommend is infamous for warping.  Check out the reviews from tons of folks all reporting the same problem.  Why no mention of that issue here?
I love how this presenter skipped all the fluff and bs and got straight to giving info
The pans have a tall/steep handle angle because they are designed to be used in a professional kitchen on a French top stove. The handle angle helps you grab them when they are behind other pans without burning your knuckles. This is true for almost any traditional french cookware, copper included.   I own and use the matfer pans at our restaurant and have for over 10 years( same pans) they are truly bombproof.
$40 to $80 dollars ?... Best Carbon Steel Pan I have is one with a folding handle that I picked up in Walmart's Camping section for $6.88,... I took it home, stripped off the Chinese Teflon, cleaned it then seasoned it hard :)
*I thought these were French toast! Never seen square steaks before.*
I'm looking for one with high side (3+ inches). Any recommendations?
It's chuckwagon cookware. Stamped steel - should cost 5$
Why no JB Prince carbon steel pans?
Great skillets. I bought 2 carbon steel skillets about 15 years ago, a big one 11 “ ( 8” bottom inside) and a medium size 9 1/2 “ ( 7” bottom inside) . Both were made in France. I used the potato peal and oil method (no salt) for seasoning . I did strip the inside coating a few times when it became to thick, by heating the pans with water and citric acid, scrubbing and then re-seasoning the pans. They still work perfect and are non stick. A few months ago I bought a small one 8” / 5.5” (made in Italy) that I have been using almost every day now for my breakfast 2 eggs French omelet. My intention is to use this small one only for omelets. The small one I seasoned only twice with a very thin layer of canola oil in a hot oven. Initially it was then only brownish inside, but perfectly non-stick. It is getting darker and darker as I use it. I can flip and roll the omelet without any tools, just shaking the pan and flipping . Over the years I also had some non-stick teflon pans, but they always failed after a few years, I forgot to take them of the heat or they got scratched. I also recently (yesterday) bought a big ceramic coated pan, free from PFOA and PTEE. I will use that one for acid stuff like tomato sauce etc. I also have a medium size cast ion pan and a stainless steel pan hidden somewhere in a drawer in my kitchen but haven’t used them for a while. All my pans work with my induction heated stove. And regarding the price, my small carbon steel pan for omelets I bought for only 200 Swedish Crowns (approximately 20 USD) in a shop specialized for amateur cooking.
This was great and really helped me to choose the best one for me. Like I've said before, I've always had a fascination with these pans and how all of the chefs have them, from diners to fine restaurants. Now, I just have to master flipping the food in it!
Due to some arthritis I need to find something a lot lighter than my cast iron.....would these work?
Would the seasoning come out if I use fork on the pan? Say for making a french omelette?
I bought one of those Mafter Bourgat pans and I must say, it is the worst pan I have ever used. I seasoned it to the manufacture's specs, it is NOT no stick. It is convex bottom so it rocks and spins around, heats uneven plus it is rather heavy, not much lighter than my cast iron
You have to win a lottery system to be able to buy the blue skillet. That's how popular they are, and how small the company is.
I got two good german made ones for around 18$ here in Europe.
i must be doing something wrong.  i've seasoned my pans as directed and everything completely STICKS to it.  when i watch the videos of eggs sliding around like they are on ice i can't believe its the same pan.  i'm trying to return my carbon steel pan at the moment.
Thanks for mentioning the no soap wash, many video tutorials leave that out.
Avoid Blu Skillet!!!  I waited 3+ years to finally order from Blu!  After finally sucessfully ordering last spring, the pan arrived last month!  It was defective, warped and wobbly!  The pan didn't heat evenly due to the shape and poor contact with burner!!  After calling them, arrangmetns were made to send the skillet!  They claimed that I since I used the pan, I couldn't get it fixed nor is there any type of a warranty!!!  Avoid!
I’ve been trying to save and compete for those Blu Skillet Pans. They just have so many options, in the end I couldn’t afford it or they sold out (they do pre-orders). One day.....one day......
I just purchased this pan, it didn’t have those dark weld marks for the handle, have they done away with that, a cleaner weld?
I would be forever trying to scrub the stains off!!!
I enjoyed your video.  However, upon reading other reviews, Your argument on lighter weight doesn't fly!   My 12" cast iron weighs 7 lbs, so I was excited about thin steel pans weighing less.   Reading the specs and reviews, the typical 12" steel pan weighs ~6 lbs.   My 12" cast iron skillet is about 3mm thick.  The steel pans seem to range from 2-3mm in thickness.  By contrast, my Chinese hand pounded wok is 1 mm or less.   The biggest difference to me seems to be surface roughness and ability to maintain seasoning.  The smooth surface must have some influence.   I'd be interested a showing a comparison, cast iron vs. steel, of heat time and non-stick on the same food.
Love this lady
Hello, please can you tell me someone from which kind of steel are those pans made of?
What kind of oil? Won't some oils go rancid or burn? Thanks much!
This was awesome, as it featured the type of pan that I first cooked with as a child, but which I've not seen in perhaps 50 years! I do have a couple of carbon steel griddles (which I love), but WOW, the mystical frying pans of my childhood?  Fantastic! Guess what I'm shopping for in about 30 seconds, from... Now!
I love my old iron frying pan, but sometimes I really want something lighter in weight. I hate the idea if Teflon, and I don't like aluminum. Maybe the Matfer could fit the bill. It's not drastically pricey. I wish it came with a lid though.
In Hungary, the traditional crêpe skillets are carbon steel and passed down generations. We have a 50 year old at home and it’s the best.
Don't cook much with a high acid content. The acid will react and remove all the seasoning.
this woman is great.  informative and succinct
Thank you for considering the shorter cook!
Unfortunately, like most of ATK's tests, the tests are short term tests and don't reveal how the products endure long term use.   This became painfully obvious when ATK gave Kitchenaid mixers, with their notorious plastic and soft metal worm drives, that fail miserably, over and over, their highest recommendation. As someone that has repaired hundreds of these horribly bad mixers, I was stunned. Just do a wee bit of Google research or some Amazon review research and you will see how many people have been burned by Kitchenaid. They even had a Kitchenaid die during that ssme test.  Like many new skillets,  the non-stick is great when it's new, but after a bit of use, it fails miserably. We've all been there.  Well, the same with ATK. The test a new product then their done. I use to love ATK but their credibility on products has bit the dust and now most of their recipes are for the 'Rich and Famous.' They're steering away from that which has made them successful and are falling into the same rut as the other fancy cooking shows.
Being a home cook, I would find a $230 skillet ridiculous.   Especially when I can buy two or three complete sets of pans and pots that are nonstick for the same money.   How is the warping on these skillets?
I've been a lifelong cast iron user but tried carbon steel and love it. Temp distribution is more even, warms faster, is lighter. Once it's seasoned it's just as not stick as Teflon. Definitely recommend, especially with a silicon handle cover.
Would these stand up to campfire cooking?
How thick is the Metfer 12" pan, anyone know please?
do you have to reseason carbon steel or cast iron?
This is the video I have been waiting for my whole life!  I hate America pans!  I neeeeeed this pan!
When I went to buy a Matfer Bourgeat frying pan there was a California warning about cancer causing danger. Do you know anything about that? I can't seem to find out.
she speaks very concise and clear, well done
I just bought a black steel pan. It's spectacular how it enhances flavor. No more Teflon for me.
What kind of oil for salt potatoes seasoning?  Thanks
Not suppose to use any acid based sauces like tomato..it strips the oil
For me the best skillet on the market is a hard anodized skillet. It takes high heat you can put it in the oven nothing sticks to it. Every skillet needs a little oil not very much use the heart-healthy oil's like avocado or grapeseed that can take high heat if you need it.
The Chinese have been using carbon steel wok's for centuries without any problems.
It's all Steel...  Bending the handle to a more comfortable position is a piece of cake. Put it in a bench vise and gently bend it to where you'd like it 2B. YA KANT DO THAT WITH CAST IRON..!
Better then the new video on the same subject
I love this. :)
The carbon pans are great, but the 12" one easily warped.  While this is a non issue on gas burners it makes it basically useless on electric stove tops
On a par
Be aware the skins and salt method of seasoning doesn't work very well on an electric range. If you have an electric range use one of the many cast iron in the stove methods instead.
thanks for the seasoning direction.  i didn't have issue with the seasoning my carbon steel but i had issue with food tasting like metal.  this process took that metal taste away.
$4.17 a month just to see the written results? Hard pass.
Well explain!
Carbon steel or soft steel a lot different from hard steel/ titanium pans ,I  like the way the handle is attached no rivets
hello . May  I might suggest that in future when testing cookware you might want to try it on different types of burners - and not gas stove sonly. Based on this video I purchased a Martfer Bourgeat  and ended up having to discard the pan ,, I had way too much trouble trying to correctly season it -- at the end I found out that it is practically imposible to season a carbon steel pan on an ceramic flat top stove - the heat remains concentrated in the centre of the pan rather than flaring  out onto the entire pan bottom like a gas stove will -- not only this but the localised and  intense centre heat will actually warp the pan bottom causing it to no longer lay flat onto the cooktop. thanks for reading this
soooooooo are the people in the back really cooking, or just for prop? lol
I have a cheap Chinese wok with wooden handle (so no oven use) and a $70 All-Clad wok . . . the All-Clad is pretty much useless . . . the cheap steel wok seasoned and a pleasure to use.
I am getting one. Thanks.  I trust this lady's point of view.
Question, since that pan has a thin base, does that mean there would be uneven heat distribution or cold spots and hot spots?
The blu skillet is $350!! Omg
Americans are really pushing their ugly iterations of the carbon steel pan, the handles are neither ergonomic nor beautiful. The reviewer is too short and may not appreciate the traditional french handle, but those are made to accommodate multiple pans in a professional kitchen.
Really great cookware
Carbon steel is widely used in European homes and in China woks are usually made of carbon steel. I think Americans prefer the look of stainless steel and think seasoned carbon steel looks dirty.
the length of these handles; these skillets are ready for lava..
Go the Blu Skillet Ironware website and see for yourself, everything is sold out. ie. stocks are not replenished. Wat's  sup?
4:57 This was really stupid. The pan doesn't "barely fit", the shelf is too high!
I've watched ATK for a while now and I think they are so cool. Their French fries discovery show made my head spin... To me back then, They're just French fries but not today... I make mine the way they do!!! Haha... LOL, LOUD!! Now I'm getting me a cRbon steel, the $44
Wait so this is not the pan you want to build a fond with, right?  If the goal is to make this nonstick then we should be using stainless steel for fond building, i'm assuming.
That's some massive potatoes they use... 2 potatoes is way to little :P
Best way to cook IMO, doesn't stick nor break.. Had mine for 2 decades bought it for 2$ in the 90s 😉
2019 anyone?
I'll stick to my $30 Lodge iron skillet.
That omelette is burnt. It shouldnt have any color
so if I use a carbon steel pan, there is no way I should make any goulash/tomato sauce etc on it?
I have the Matfer 11 7/8" pan that I bought a few months ago.  I'm used to cooking with, and seasoning, cast iron but I'm having a lot of trouble seasoning my Matfer pan.  It seems, no matter what I do, the seasoning won't stick to the Matfer.  I seasoned it with flaxseed oil and it took on a beautiful dark color, but when I cooked on it everything was sticking.  Then, when I rinsed and wiped it dry the black color from the flaxseed oil was coming off on the paper towel.  Ugh!  So frustrating!
Been cooking on carbon steel since I was a teen and have always prefered this over cast iron. Have a carbon steel wok that is probably 40 years old.
I bought the matfer bourgeat because of this video and i use this pan for everything.
I have a few carbon steel pans. My first is a crepe pan. It is a very shallow pan and I find it to be one of the most useful. My largest is 9.5". I usually cook for 2 to 4 people. I have rarely thought "gee, I wish I had a larger pan". Considering the that price increases exponentially with size, I think  that if the need arises, I would get a second smaller pan.
Tip: the long handle is built so it can rest on your forearm. You need to hold it with your hand in the middle of the handle, and rest the tip just below your folded elbow.
Sorry but the Matfer Bourgeat is not as good as the De Buyer Mineral B.  It's too thin; it can and will warp under high heat and delazing over time.  The De Buyer is a tiny bit thicker, has a better concave side profile for tossing, and also has a really nice silicone coating on the handle that helps with grip since these pans are heavy.  The De Buyer also comes coated in all natural bee's wax instead of machining oil.
Why are the potatoes I'm using sticking to my pan?
That poor egg...
M:
looks like she is into eating health food!!
I recently bought a 12" Carbon Steel pan from Turk (Germany) cost just 30€, they are very similar to Matfer Bourgeat with a welded handle aswell, they are great and seasoning is very easy I got experience with a Carbon Steel Wok, so no big deal.
concise and informative.   thanks
Just read elsewhere that you can, in fact, use soap once a pan has been properly seasoned.   Something to do with the seasoning process keeps it safe even from soap.  Google it.  I could be FOS.
What utensils to use with carbon steel?
I did the salt, oil, and potato skin process twice on my Matfer Bourgeat skillet and it did not work in the least.........I was doing it on Med. to med high heat. Scratching my head????
So this is what happened to Darlene from Roseanne
LA PADELLA IN FERRO NON SI LAVA "MAI"CON ACQUA...SI PULISCE CON UN PANNO E UN PO' DI SALE GROSSO!
*I love this kitchen appliance!>>>**ur2.pl/1196**    It saves energy over my large oven and reduces the amount of heat in my kitchen. The fact that it is multifunctional is key. I can’t comment on durability yet as I have only had it a couple of months*
Great video, helped me to season a crepe pan and now I'm hooked on carbon steel.
What brand was the one with the super deep sides?
What’s this about a protective covering. How is the covering removed?
Can I just go to the junk yard and get an old fender off a car?
I like since she's also somewhat compared it to cast iron. Because personally I have never had luck with cast iron even though they have become super popular in the last 10 years. I can never get them to be non-stick. But one thing that I would like to know is this like cast iron in that you can never cook fish in it? Because when you do that with cast iron, the smell never comes out.
I think that the larger lesson in these videos is that most people should look for a restaurant supply depot near them. If you want equipment that is tested, sturdy, and reliable, use what professionals use, not the crap you can buy at Walmart, Target, Etc. Big box stores have their purpose, however, restaurant supply stores provide better made, longer-lasting and just as affordable equipment.
I have 6 of these with different size, shape, and make, and they all work very well. I basically sampled every make I found on Amazon and also what I found in a local restaurant supply shop. The more expensive ones are heavier being made of thicker gauge steel so they don’t warp. On a gas stove, that does not matter and the cheap ones are actually easier on the arm when tossing the ingredients.  Whereas, on an electric stove top, the thin walled ones don’t work well. I do find that they are not as “non-stick” as Teflon but they lasts forever and they don’t outgas and kill my pet birds. DuPont on their website admitted to its problem of poisoning birds and I figured this gas can not be too good for humans, so I threw all the non-stick cookwares away. My favorite is their ability to brown meat - it works way better than stainless steel, and it can always go from the stove top to the oven or broiler (minus the silicone handle).
Krep Pans? What's a Krep? Wonder why she never mentioned Crêpe Pans...
bought the pan the Matfer Bourgeat pan they recommended. It. Is. Awesome. Hands down my new favorite. Still a bit heavy, but awesome. The video is no lie.
I did the "salt, oil n potatopeel" cooked for 9 mins and got a brilliant result!!! Thanks!!!😘❤💗👍👍👍👍👍
Just seasoned my 11 7/8 Matfer according to the instructions and must say it looks great!  She doesn't say it, but the potato peeling fry has to be done twice.  I would consider this a medium/heavy pan; very solid material!!  Does anyone know where these pans are manufactured??  There are no logos, made in stamping  or anything to identify it as Matfer!!
I already have 3 nice cast iron pans.  I am a kitchen gear nut do you think it's really worth taking up space in the kitchen. Obviously if I had unlimited space I would be down
When cooking the sauce the seasoning , polymerized oil comes off in the food. Any caveats here, or it's harmless eating that stuff?
I don't like carbon steel or my cast iron.  There's practically nothing other than eggs I want to cook in a frying pan that I'm not wanting a nice fond from.  I don't want non-stick I want a beautiful browning with fond left in the pan.
I just took delivery today of my Matfer 11 7/8 carbon steel pan.  I seasoned it on the stove top per the manufacturer's instructions, with the potato skins, oil, and salt.  Then, I wiped a very thin layer of oil into the pan and heated it.  I did that only a few times, wiping it down when it smoked, and putting another thin coat of oil on for the next heating.  In maybe 20 minutes time, the pan had a beautiful deep bronze patina and was as shiny as a mirror.  I cooked on it tonight and it performed as well as my seasoned cast iron.
I'm not sure I'd place complete faith in this video simply because every egg shown was burnt.
That Matfer skillet sucks . I bought it from amazon came warped returned and bought a second , it came flat but then warped horribly on the first heating for seasoning .
Can you explain what you mean about the "Strips off the seasoning" effect with the lasagna?  I am unfamiliar with this phrase or effect and would really love to learn more about it.  Thank you for the entertaining, educational videos.
That omelet was WAAAAY overcooked!!!
I bet those skillets can take a good edge.
I don't understand why they didn't recommend a lodge pan which is the very best of the very best
I do like your shows but it would be good to know the brands of your other pans.
I have to add I was wondering why the preseason lodge carbon steel pan was not in your testing but after I used the lodge I understood.
bought 2 lodges,12"&10" 5 years ago.magnifique! crepes,omeletes,even over easy eggs, no problem.used almost daily for 3 yrs, then I went back to trucking. I check them every weekend home and no rust or other issues. btw, there's no such thing as a nonstick pan, but plenty of bad cooks. non-attention #1 sin.
I've spent days researching cookware to replace the teflon pieces I still had in my kitchen.  I'll be blunt and state that I don't think your reviews are honest.  The number of problematic reviews from customers far exceeds any chance that you could have avoided the issues that are manifest.  Amazon, for example, shows a whopping 26% of customers rating the Matfer Bourgeat at three stars or less and all listing the same problems: 1) rust and warps either upon receipt or upon first use.  2) Inability to remove the "protective coating," and 3) impossibility of properly seasoning the pan following the manufacturer's instructions, or yours, or other recommendations on the internet.  In fact tales are rife of consumers failing with one method after another.  And to be fair, these seem to be common problems with most brands of carbon steel pans.  So why are you recommending them without a caution?  Likewise, in another product line, the Cuisinart dutch oven (your 2nd recommendation) garnered 15% ratings of 3 stars or less - virtually all reporting  flaking and chipping enamel.  The odds are that you either ran into these problems and failed to report them, or that you failed to do elementary consumer research.  Get your act together.  I wasted a lot of time researching your recommendations.
Excellent video!!! purchased the Matfer and smile every time I use it.   I happen to have a couple of Matfer spatulas and they are excellent as well.  Thank you.
hacksaw?
There is literally no other reason to look elsewhere for other reviews. I fell down a rabbit hole when I saw this channel and I can't cook worth shit.
Are the Matfer frying pan better than All-Clad tri ply pan? Anyone who has reviewed Sensuell from Ikea? They are also 3 layers all over..
So seasoning this is different than cast iron? Does the potato thing work for regular cast iron? I'm tempted to get one of these. The egg thing blew my mind.
OMG - So much healthier than ' non-stick ' pans !!!
At 3:51 What is a "traditional skillet?" But these people never respond to Youtube questions, right?
I'd like to add one more request to my prior post. I've seen a lot of discussion on the use of flax oil for seasoning; the propensity of flax to form a varnish-like cross-linked layer (as it does when it is used in wood work as "linseed oil") allegedly makes it a good seasoning oil, but a lot of folks who have tried this method report that the seasoning eventually flakes off. Could you also test various oils for seasoning, including products specifically marketed as being superior for seasoning, such as the Crisbee and Larbee seasoning pucks? I'd love to see ATK's level of testing and rigor applied to this longstanding debate, as well as whether or not the oxide treatment (both versions—blackening, and heating it back to the dark silver color) add any benefit to seasoning and rust resistance, and the aesthetics of the pan.
This is very informative! Thank you. I have three alternative methods I'd like to see you test against the seasoning method you recommended.  First: this fellow heated his bare Matfer pan until a black oxide layer formed on the pan. Then, he seasoned over it with oil. It resulted in that beautiful blackened steel look in one go. See this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEsjsDoCowA  I've also seen several videos from Japan where they heat a bare pan to get it to form an oxide layer, but they take it further; the steel darkens and then lightens back up to a silvery color that is a shade or two darker than the bare pan. Allegedly, this is a coating of Fe3O4 (black iron oxide), which helps protect the iron under it from rusting (to a certain extent). This appears to be a method similar to how Chinese restaurants season carbon steel woks. I'm not sure why this black oxide is less black than the intermediate stage done by the video I linked above. Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-tcVxIdmmY  Second: Vollrath (the restaurant supply company) has a video showing how to season their carbon steel pans. This method results in a beautiful seasoned finish on the pan. However, the gorgeous example shown in the video had 11 coats of seasoning done on the stove top: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoIO8YOpyN4  I wonder if it is possible to combine these two methods into an optimal method that is both aesthetically pleasing and functional. Would America's Test Kitchen be willing to test out these methods to tease out what the best over-all method of seasoning is? I'm guessing some combo of forming black oxide and a few layers of wipe-on/wipe-off stove top seasoning should yield the most labor-efficient, functional, and aesthetic results. I'd love to see this put to the test.
I didn't season my carbon steel pan when I first purchase it and it has rust on it is it too late to redeem it?
In restaurants, I usually see stacks and stacks of super-cheap, plain aluminum pans.
what about warping? they can be wobbly on an electric stove, especially cheaper brands.
I was pissed off to learn that I cannot purchase your recommended pan, the Blu Skillet Ironware. The demand is so high, they are only sold via a lottery system. WTF?
excuse me saying so but the Blue pan is not 'handforged' but actually a disc of mild steel aka carbon steel is put by hand in a press to 'forge' it to shape. If it was 'handforged' a blacksmith would have beaten the disc by hand on an anvil with a big hammer. Pressing and forging are synonymous.
does this potato peels and salt method work on cast iron, too?
Why doesn't this woman do SOMETHING with her hair? It's a hot mess! When I look at her all I think is her damn hair is going to end up in any food she prepares...if she does cook.
That was really informative. Thank you very much indeed. Have been Googling the French brand "de buyer." And will probably get it now. The height of the handle is precisely my concern.
Wok is low carbon iron hammered
Find a local restaurant supply company go there and buy a 20$ 12" steel pan. Check it out.
Washes pan with a scrubber... oh dear.
The reason more cooks don't use these pans is the difficulty in getting them seasoned.  I have tried, three separate times, to do the "oil, salt, and potato peel" method - and while portions of the pan "took" a season correctly, the majority of it did not - I can either still see metal, or it's covered in a thick crust of baked on salt & oil.  I have no problem using a coated pan - the number of times I need to go from stove to oven is inconsequential, so it really doesn't matter.
👍
Don't people create a sticking problem with stainless steel by polishing it clean?  If we would let it form a brown patina like carbon steel, wouldn't we get the same non-stick benefit?
Thanks, really helpful
I like Carbon steel cookware and stainless steel cookware also, but don't like the non stick cookware on the market any longer. I have some pieces of non stick cookware which I am throwing away when they get bad, and using either stainless steel, carbon steel, or iron cookware due to their durability.
Blu Skillet 13" pan is $350, not $230.
So what about the rest of the pan?  Don't you have to season the handle and the bottom so that they don't rust either?
I will stay with my cast iron!
So is there any downside to carbon steal pans, other than price, and that you can’t make super acidic foods?
very informative
2:50, so PRO!!!!!!!!!!!
You should do a review of the Copper Skillets that you see on TV.
It's hard to teach an old dog new tricks I'll stick with my cast.
i own a le buyer Mineral b i had egg stiked making terible mess and i seasoned before pan.
I'm skeptical that brief exposure to soap and scrub sponges (like the scrub side of a common dual-texture sponge) actually harm seasoning after Serious Eats disputed the topic and recommended using soap. In my own experience, I've never seen a visible difference when using dish soap or mild scrubbing. I have lightened the color of spots with vigorous extended scrubbing when I had something stuck to the area and I didn't want to take out something really abrasive that would really damage seasoning. This would be a good long-term test. Seasoning maintenance has many myths. I season in the oven with with very thin coats of canola oil, wiped almost dry with a paper towel.
With regards to the seasoning method, don't you need to season the outside? The instructions seem to only you only need to season the cooking surface
Could you imagine what the health department what do you do at a restaurant that did not wash their pants. As a chef I love these types of pans.
What kind of oil did you use to season the pan?  Thank you. I like your channel very much!
i own q de buyer Mineral b and the eggs stiked had long time time i cleaned up
The best presentation ever
Just bought the Matfer Bourgeat 11 7/8 black steel fry pan based on America's Test Kitchen recommendations.  What a gorgeous pan.  I seasoned it by cleaning it very thoroughly on all sides with very hot water and a green scrubby. Then place the pan  into a 200 degree F oven for about 20 minutes.  Remove and rub all sides of the pan with organic flaxseed oil making sure to remove all excess oil with a clean paper towel.  Place the pan back into the oven (upside down) and turn up the oven to 500 degrees F.  Leave in the oven for 2 hours.  Turn oven OFF and leave in oven, without opening, for another 2 hours. Over time pan with have a beautiful patina.  There is a good YouTube video on this method.
I
*Cast-iron pans are a lot better! They bring out the flavor of whatever food you cooked in it. Plus a lot easier to maintain. Or I cook in the stainless steel pan that you see in my video, in the suggested videos next to this one.*
*Wow square meat! I thought there was French toast in the pan, looking at the thumbnail photo from my iPhone! lol*
when you season it with the oil, salt and potato peels do you use flaxseed oil?
They, Lodge at least, are worthless on an induction or electric glass top stove. I have two that are collecting dust in the basement. When they are brought up to temp (slowly) the correct way like cast iron, they warp. And that was just to fry eggs. I am sure they are great on a fire. Warping isn't a big deal. I don't have any faith that the others are any better. And I am not going to waste more money to prove to myself I am correct. I will keep using my grandmothers 70 year old cast iron. On my perfectly flat induction glass top stove.
actually, seasoning these pans is just like seasoning a wok made of carbon steel. You need a very hot flame, 30,000 btu to heat it up until it turns bluesh turning pan around until all cooking surface has oxidized, this is what makes it non stick, oiling it has NOTHING to do with it. A few times adding oil to the surface and cooking some greens to take out the metal taste is all that is left.
Swiss diamond
I bought the recommended one. It's been a f****** nightmare, and a huge waste of time. Check the Amazon reviews. This Test Kitchen is pretty lame. Check their recipe for steak... Tells you all you need to know about how dumb and quirky they are. They should represent the best, mainstream, proven practices out there. Don't know what their problem is.
I am in love with my hand-forged Blanc Creative carbon steel pan. Similar to the Blu SKillet, same price, also comes seasoned  but even better looking.
It's kind of off-putting that you link to an article behind a pay wall.  I understand trying to lure people in with good info, but better to have a freebie now and again if you are linking from YouTube.  Or note that the articles are not available without signing up.  Just my opinion.
I hear flax seed oil is good for seasoning pans or the best really!
Gret video, but i differ a little bit on their opinion. These guys explain better the differences between pans:   http://www.goatandtable.com/home/2017/9/7/fancy-cookware-friendly-price
So... Can a carbon steel pan do it all?
If you bought one from  Washington you are begging to be screwed.
I need one with high sides. Which pan that you tested had the high sides?
I have the Mauviel 12". I'm just now starting the video so I don't know if this pan is even featured. But, It is great and one of my most go to pans. I don't think you can really go wrong with the price/performance of carbon steel. I'm in usa.
You can't hurt them unless you let them rust. But the rust won't hurt you . It just makes it hard to clean.
Great comparison of some of the best carbon steel pans available! Very useful information! Another company you should look at is www.northwestskilletcompany.com We make 3 different sized pans with 3 different hand forged handle designs with more sizes on the way. While our pans include several of the features you mentioned in this comparison we also employ the age old craft of metal spinning to produce the pan itself. The metal spinning process allows us to include a nice rounded transition from the sides of the pan to the bottom. We have also included a drip edge for ease of pouring. Each piece is handmade in our blacksmiths shop in Summerville, Oregon. Here is a link to our metal spinning video- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyPSR-RyGMU
A good seasoning will not be removed by a quick scrub with a sponge and some soap on cast iron. C.S. tends to be more prone to having its seasoning/coating removed.  Both pans still have their place in the kitchen though. :).
I bought the Lodge 10 inch on Amazon for $25.00 and I could not be happier. Buy American !!!
It was sooo informative. Thank you I love the standards you use to test kitchenwares these helps a lot.
I bought a pre-seasoned skillet from Lodge and it was total garbage! Waste! I cooked bacon and hamburgers in if using avavado oil! all the meat, including the bacon stuck and stained the pan! WTF!? I don't know how the hell you cooked in that and made eggs slide around like a hockey puck.
Thank you, Ms McManus. You're so well spoken!
The handle is not to long use your under arm, place it on de handle, and hand to lift the skillet!
Speaking of Woks, how come America's Test Kitchen doesn't have a recommended Wok?
Should try a Blanc Creatives hand forged high carbon skillet...I work for them and we take a lot of pride in our craftsmanship!!
I like those woks. Only downside is , it produces more smoke than none stick pan.
Murican cooking, YEHAW! you sound as dumb as they come...not even gonna explain why... if u got "bwains" u'll get it!
What about warping of the bottom? It's like one 'mistake' with a single ply pan and the bottom bulges, and for the rest of it's life you cant' sit it on a glasstop and you get hotspots. I would like to see this addressed somehow.  I'm pretty careful when I cook, but sometimes you want hot, even just for a short time, and this is when the bottom warps.
Are metal utensils okay to use with these pans?
I'd like to know which skillet had the short sides because that's what I'm looking for.
I'm new to cooking the healthy way. (no non stick crap) What is the difference between carbon steel skillets and stainless steel? I'm a vegan by the way.
nice experiment- but that egg omelet is too brown
I've had tbe Matfer pan for over a year now. It's a lot heavier than the skillets used in professional kitchens that I've seen, but it's great. I use it for everytbing from searing steaks to making pancakes. It's my most used pan.
I did the whole potato peel thing (3 large potatoes) tons of vegetable oil and salt. While it did seem to season the pan, it certainly never changed color or became darkened. Hopefully, just using it will make it look "seasoned". I was doing the 14" model, but used extra ingredients to compensate, so hopefully the rust won't return that I saw after the first seasoning round. My 12" version of this pan (yes, I have both) seemed to "take" much better to the browning process. Only time will tell....
now i always check americas test kitchen before buying cookware :D but! i also read the comments too cuz very good info there too with all the people who bought and tried it out :D
Mafter B- YES pan was a total pain in the ass, getting all the wax off. I ended up putting it in a sink full of boiling hot water & the wax still required a half hour of scrubbing with  a metal scour thing, & I destroyed a plastic scrubber brush along the way. It took me an hour to get all of that wax off.  At $40 its a STEAL!
Bought the Matfer Bourgeat pan based on this review and couldn't happier.  I followed the seasoning instructions exactly and the next day made an omelette that beautifully slide out of the pan leaving no trace of egg behind.  I'm ditching my nonstick pans and going carbon steel:)
Stainless pans are better they work exactly the same,  but if another person in the house washes and scours it clean it won't rust saving time and money!
This makes me want to sell all my All-Clad and get a bunch of these. Cheaper and easier to work with. So exciting!
I sell DeBuyer mineral B pans and the amount of pans we get in return is insane. There's nothing wrong with the pans themselves, all the pans we get back are perfectly manufactured - It's just that people are idiots. They don't know what they're buying despite our repeated attempts at educating them. I use them myself and love them to bits but man I'm kind of glad we stopped selling them now.
How do these compare to all-clad type stainless steel? What's the advantage when both pans can be seasoned to be nonstick.
Why am I watching this. I can barley make a sandwich.
I followed the seasoning instructions closely, fried 3 burgers. They stuck, badly. I'll keep trying. The protective coating was also a booger to remove. No, I didn't scratch the skillet.
I have the Matfer Bourgeat pan and it has replaced all my frying pans which I have 14 of... Out performs anything on the market, I have cast Iron, Copper, Stainless Steel and non-stick. this is the one!!
Wow... what an amazingly informative review and video!
Should i buy this or buy a non-stick TEFAL that doesn't require seasoning and call it a day?
역시 원아는 팔방미남 이시넹 네이름은 2개 명숙명자
Happy to be the 2000th Thumbs Up. I've been a fan of America's Test Kitchen for a long time. Great to see a non-sensational, logical, unbiased review of carbon steel pans. It isn't 'brain science'. It's very straightforward. Thin, lightweight carbon steel pans can get 'too hot', so that's the only thing you've got to keep an eye on. I also use AUS-ION carbon steel pans which are slightly heavier, come pre-seasoned and improve every time you cook with them. Like all carbon steel, the  AUS-ION has never seen soap or detergents. I just give it a light scrape with a spatula, metal's OK, or a gentle rub with a plastic brush; rinse off with hot water, dry and very lightly oil for next time. Soon these pans become more non-stick than any chemical based cookware out there with zero chance of food contamination. Give 'em a try.
I'm have g trouble getting the shipping grease off, any help?
Where can I find the Matfer skillet?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE specify which oil and what kind of salt you're using in your seasoning process? Is it coarse or fine salt, canola oil, vegetable oil, peanut oil…? This would be insanely helpful. Thank you!
i squirt lemon into my cast iron once... bye bye patina!
Hi, what brand and model is the spatula? Thank you
Is this type of pan the same as anodized pans?
200 what?? $
start a wood fire outside when its down to hot coals put pan above it inside towards coal it will ne jet black an non stick i have lodge dont do it with cast
Y'all should conduct this review again and include the Darto (Argentina) and Solidteknics (Australia) skillets.  Both one piece pressed carbon steel.  I've got a Solidtecknics and am awaiting a Darto but I can say the Solidteknics is just amazing.  Terrific quality and performance.  The Dartos look great, too and I can't wait to get the 20 cm one I ordered in.  They have a special running right now for free shipping from Argentina.  Their prices are extremely reasonable and the free shipping deal sealed it.
It would be helpful if you specified what kind of oil, salt, and temperature you used for the seasoning process.
Great review! Thank you.
Thanks for the video! Does this seasoning method work with a grill pan?
On the Test Kitchen's recommendation I bought the Matfer Bourgeat. It's simply superb.  After the first seasoning, the pan is already completely nonstick.   The seasoning, however, took me 20 minutes instead of the instructed 10.  Just keep going until those potatoes are entirely crisped.
You lost me at "seasoning"... :-)
i prefer stainless steel skillet like the Demeyere 7-ply or All-clad for searing, it's lighter than cast iron and no issue with acidic food, plus it won't rust and no seasoning to stripped. I use non-stick pans only for eggs and other sticky stuff, and carbon steel wok for stir-fry since it can heat up or cool down rapidly for superior temperature control.   Have a 14" De Buyer carbon steel skillet but i rarely use it, handle too long and the bottom warped at high temperature on ceramic glass top.
that omelette was burnt A F
I'm trying to get rid of all my teflon/nonstick pans. I'm torn between getting carbon steel and cast iron. Which is better? It seems like people are very polarized and either like one or the other. I read the article on Cooks Illustrated, but it didn't really say what the difference is other than material and weight.
What's the best buy value? I'm not shelling out 40 bucks for one pan thank you.
QUESTIONS: Would olive oil be good for seasoning these pans, or would coconut oil be a better choice, since it does well with higher temperatures?  Second, what about the bottom of the skillet, and handle?  Do you season them as well, or just occasionally wipe down with cooking oil when down scrubbing after use?
I bought their recommended Matfer Bourgeat pan which I took a few days to season properly. I didn't use the potato salt and method, instead  using the professional restaurant method of heating the pan with canola oil wiped inside until it smoked then continued until it actually stopped smoking, then letting it cool down on the stove top. After 10 or 12 repeated seasoning coats this thing rocks! Seared NY strip steaks with a nice crust, and a rare center is a snap. Sticky cheese omelettes slide out, and pancakes brown fast and fluffy. Beats the heck out of my 30 year old cast iron skillets.
Lol I'm never going to look at that "non stick" shit again. Steel ftw.
44 dollars my ass
...is it because the "us" has a bunch of electric stovetops which provides uneven heat
i need to make one right now.
Hi, what about stone skillets? could you do a video testing each other?? TY!
Did you test these on low-speed stovetops like electric burners? You only show these on gas tops, where lots of heat is available. Cast iron works well on electric because it is slow to respond and can even out the element cycling that electrics do. With gas, this is much less of a concern and perhaps the carbon steel skillet there offers the best choice, the responsiveness of lower over all heat capacity with the great sear and non-stick of well-seasoned iron. I'm less convinced, however, that these light pans would work as well as cast iron on the lower wattage and less consistent stoves that many people have in their homes.
You think forty to eighty dollars is surprisingly cheap?  You make a lot more money than I do.  I'd never pay more than forty dollars for a pan, and even that is too much.  I know how much those pans actually cost to make.  Maybe you do not.
I like my De Buyer 10" skillet a lot.  It's the right size for me and my cat.
What's the difference between carbon steel and black steel pans???
I bought several carbon steel pans after watching this and have seasoned them to near black.  Here's the tricky thing I've found with food sticking: when you first heat and oil the pan and add food, say a fried egg, it's very non-stick.  The egg will slide around just like the video.  If you flip the egg, however, I've found that it sticks.  You have to make sure you have a decent amount of oil in the pan even after you've cooked food on one side, which is not great if you're trying to use less fat in the pan.    This is less of an issue with foods that naturally have more fat in them, like scrambled eggs or meat proteins.  The fried egg is the trickiest one due to lack of fat in the whites.
what type of cooking oil did you use? seems like veggy oil would work.
Can you guys please explain whether or not there is a discernible difference between the Matfer Bourgeat 11 7/8" pan and the 11" pan? If the 11 7/8" has been sold out for months, then why not just get the 11"? Why the wait? How does an extra 7/8" make a difference? Thanks in advance for answering!
seasoning?  just use stainless steel...next
Thank you for this fantastic video! I now own the Matfer fry pan and am in love with it! I would love to see a piece on choosing a carbon steel wok! Thank you!
I was fortunate enough to get a Matfer about a month ago for a little over $40 out of my own pocket after using a $25 gift card I had for Amazon. It's a wonderful piece of cookware, and I expect it'll have a permanent spot on my stovetop. Just be sure to get all the shipping wax off. Took a good amount of elbow grease under a hot faucet, and subsequently using the seasoning method to get the rest out, but well worth the effort.
Don't know how I ended up here but I'm glad i did!
And I threw out a similar (but smaller) steel pan not long ago! Well, the recommended Matfer Bourgeat is $54 today on Amazon -- http://www.amazon.com/Matfer-Bourgeat-062005-Frying-8-Inch/dp/B000KENOTK/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1456163536&sr=1-1&keywords=matfer+bourgeat+black+steel+round+frying+pan+11+7+8#customerReviews
Looks like the Matfer has went up to $70 :/
thanks for sharing
So how do these pans perform when deglazing to make pan sauces when compared to stainless steel?  I know that cast iron does not react well with acidic wines and vinegars in order to make pan sauces.  Do carbon steel pans react better for this task?
Very helpful...thank you!
These are fantastic!!! Way better than the non stick pans.
so they tested a bunch of flat woks, and re-discovered the wheel.
That omelette was overcooked. Couldn't shoot another take? -- how embarrassing. Fire that guy, he doesn't belong in a kitchen!
I use my deBuyer pan several times a week.  Best pan for cooking steaks by far.  Finished in the oven after hot sear in this pan yields great results.  I clean the pan with hot water only right off the stove and everything comes off easily.  Spray with PAM and store.  Once  a month I cover the bottom of the pan with  kosher salt and cook till its brown, rinse with hot water, no rancid taste.  This is deBuyer's recommended way to clean the pan
My Lodge ones so far seem to work just fine. And I like the low sides on them.
Hello there (Australia)I'm a great fan of your videos. Can you tell me how long a seasoned skillet can be left between uses without the oiled surface becoming rancid. I'm a home cook and love the idea of a seasoned steel skillet but I'm not sure how (long term) safe it would be.Kind regards Malcolm
Cost Plus World Market has an excellent choice carbon steel skillet for $20 that's been amazing.  I've used it daily for months and have seared steaks, baked brownies, Carmelized onions, made countless eggs, bacon etc. really love it and don't use my cast iron lately. The fact that it's not picky about seasoning like cast iron and it's easier to lift and less stress on my wrist.
"because these pans are made from METAL (!) they have no upper limit on their temperature"  -----> more proof of how moronic people can be.
http://smile.amazon.com/Matfer-Bourgeat-062005-Frying-8-Inch/dp/B000KENOTK/ref=sr_1_fkmr2_3?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1449198121&sr=1-3-fkmr2&keywords=matfer+bourgeat+carbon+steel+skillet+11+7+8 A little more expensive than $40?
The link for Mafter is showing $349?!?!?!
It looks like the retailer got wind of this review and jacked up the price on the 12" model.
What spatulas do you guys use?
Just used the link for the winning pan, the Matfer Bourgeat 11 7/8".  Today 22Nov15, it lists at $289.88, no mention of s&h!!!
Given the supply/price issues on the Matfer, is there a runner-up you recommend?
She reminds me of Leslie Winkle..
If you already have a stainless-steel and a cast iron, why would you need or want a carbon-steel?  Eggs and such can be cooked in the cast iron and long simmering, acidic sauces can be made in the stainless.   Do these even generate a fond to deglaze for making pan sauces?
yes but, can you use it on induction vitroceramic stovetops?
The Matfer you've chosen is $305 on Amazon...not $44. Was this a mistake?
When you click the link it says the winning pan is not $44 but $299!
I would love to know where you guys found the Matfer pan for $44.
did anyone find the winner for $44?  I could only find it for $230 and the Blu Skillet is sold out till 2016, so no price could be found
Matfer Bourgeat Black Steel Round Frying Pan, 11 7/8-Inch is $229 on amazon the lowest price i saw on online was  $80 not $44 as mentioned in the video.
i have two de buyer carbon steel pans (a 30cm frypan and a smaller crepe pan) and after 3 or 4 months of use, mainly frying steak and onions and bacon etc. they have developed a great seasoning and nothing really sticks to them, with the odd exception. got them from a catering shop, both for about $75 australian dollars and i want more. one of the good things is that because they go in the oven you can use them as roasting pans also, roast chicken on a bead of potato medallions comes out tasting out of this world! highly recommend
I think you all broke Matfer Bourgeat's supply chain.  The price on this pan has shot up to $350 on Amazon, and their website says: "Attention! Due to high increase in demand for our Black Steel Frying Pans we are currently on backorder for four sizes. We already made necessary adjustments to fulfill orders as soon as possible. We appreciate your business and we do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you."  I want one so bad.
I don't understand... where are they getting the price of $44.38?  It's hundreds on Amazon!  What's up?
Thanks i am a new listener to ure podcast, and i am happy to find ure YouTube channel, this is my first video, i love the look of those skillets
thanks - I look into them  :)
Didn't test for warping?  Can be an issue for the cheaper, thinner pans.
The blue iron is nice but nobody needs to spend $200.00 Plus on a carbon steel pan. Once again I defer to Lodge carbon steel pans. I use the 8/10 and 15 inch rondo in my kitchen and they are EXCELLENT!
You guys should double check the Mafter Bourgeat Amazon link. Only available from one seller for $600.
I own 3 DeBuyer pans..love them the most I ever do to them ids scrub them with a copper scrubber dry if possible sometime with some water ..never soap...I find they are more forgiving than cast..Even if you loose the seasoning easy to get back..
Great informative video--I've "only" watched it 5 or 6 times now. Time to buy a couple of these terrific looking pans and get rid of those awful nonstick ones.
Hello, I was wondering if you can do I test on Vegan cheese...I hope you can I like your show very much ..Thank  you
now i'm hungry!! excellent demo of these pans. i'll ask someone for the blue steel pan for christmas!
The seasoning on a pan is not a patina. Patina is from oxidation or chemical tarnish; not oil polymerization. That stuff shown cooked in it looks nasty (brown omelet). I haven't seen a pan you can't slide an egg around in or make non-stick. Not being able to wash with detergent = carry over flavors. Drying with a towel = laundry detergent on food and is a no-no in professional food service.  I'll stick with stainless clad.
I have a video (it's a bean recipe, you can watch it on my channel) where I use a DeBuyer deep pan and as soon as tomatoes touched it the seasoning disappeared as though it was never there. That's my main problem with these Carbon pans, they just don't hold on to the seasoning at all.
Does fried rice cooks well in these?
Nice demo; excellent script. I like this lady's lessons. Thanks.
How i s the Fond in these pan because you don't get it with non -stick .
I've found that with the T-Fal frying pan they suggested if you put liquid in a hot pan the non-stick coating starts to come  off.  I had pan that was great but after making chicken Marsala in it, I noticed  the coating had started to wear off?
Great video, thanks.
Did you have any issues with low heat retention and hotspots with these thinner pans as compared to a cast iron?
so carbon stell> cast iron
Now you know why I buy carbon steel skillets at yard sales & flea markets. Often only a dollar or two because today people want / think they NEED stainless or non-stick. The only caution with this type purchase is to make sure the bottom is warped from improper heating. Especially when put into a hot fire to strip off old seasoning to re-season. BTW, they are fairly easy to properly strip & restore, even if coated with rust. Watch for them at places mentioned. They came in a variety of sizes back in the days before stainless became available/popular. (Would also love to have the hand crafted one, too, but sadly beyond my budget in a kitchen already overstocked with skillets.)
does this seasoning apply to seasoning wok too?
I wish they would reveal all the brands they check. I could see several De-Buyer (pronouced de-boo-ye) in there that I already own. Neither was the winner and for a good reason. I'm honestly not impressed by them at all. They are fine but they don't take seasoning well and they lose it quickly. The annoying thing is that without it it's not easy to fry with and things do get stuck. Also, something they haven't talked about... they are heavy.  It's not that I disagree with this video. I also can't speak of something I don't know and I don't have any experience with the winners they mentioned but in my opinion a combination of a nice Cast Iron skillet and a good All-Clad will be better. Cast Iron is superior to carbon steel and for anything that requires tomatoes you can use the All-Clad.
That omelet was a disgrace. Way overcooked. As was the fried egg.
Excellent review and video. I always enjoy watching your review videos because I always learn something new and very useful, especially in this video. I'm not buying any more ceramic non-stick pans. I going for that $44 carbon steel skillet.
Wow I wish I could like this twice
I'm, unfortunately, in an area that doesn't allow a gas range.  How do the pan do on electric?
I would always see these at the restaurants I used to work at. I always thought they were cheap because of the utilitarian design, the browning, and the fact that I never saw carbon-steel skillets as a must have kitchen item.  Had I known everything mentioned in this video, I would've just bought this a long time ago lol.
A doctor told me to get rid of all non stick pans and to purchase carbon steel instead.  They're better than non stick and I feel better about not ingesting PFOA
I would do things my mother wouldn't be proud of for that blue steel pan.
do the handles get hot?
Already order the Black-Steel... seems they are a few weeks on back order on Amazon though :(
Thanks for another great review!
