You could sew the leather up inside the bottom of the case by a couple of beads, to offset your bead count on the height being +2, without too much difficulty.
Wish I could share my work..tuvm for the teachings
You might of answered this a lot but what thread do you use?
I'm the same way hard getting started
Start with 42 beads
I disliked you video only because it dont show how to make it. Its stunning, I just want a proper tutorial.  Good job tho.
Can you make a video on you actually beading??? I realy love your patterns, but i am a beginner & would love to see you beading.
Beautiful work
Im sorry about my last comment i didnt know my cc was on
why is the video soo blurry....sorry i had to ask....
Absolutely beautiful work!
👍🤠🦋💕💕👍👍👍
Hi love your videos but I have a question I'm still sort of learning (75) but have you ever done one of your patterns on a hatband? That's what I'm trying to do  Any suggestions please UK 😻
Where can I find the pattern?
Size of  beads?
How many beeds to start out with?
♥️♥️ I love it,it turned out really good I am for sure going to have to get started
I think it turned out great! Can you make a tutorial from start to finish with an easy design for us to follow to copy you please? I really want to try this out but I need a little bit more instruction along the way. 💝🥰
Seu trabalho é lindo mais devia ser ensinado passo a passo
It looks fine.
How many beads do u use from the beginning? Can u use size 13 cut Charlotte beads.
So cooooollll!!! Where do you get your beads from
I always start with an odd number of beads for the first line or else the beads start to “ skirt” out , also I sew leather on the entire lighter so it’s easier to change lighters when they run out of fluid
do you sell your patterns
Art isn't suppose to be perfect
Put in a filler between the bottom and the lighter
Hi van! I haven't seen anything from you in a while. Hope all is well with you! Do you have another channel? Missing your wonderful beading!
how did u do the first of it pleas show us
It is very beautiful work you have made. I love your color you juse for this projekt👍⚘
How much beads do i use to make a small bic case ?
I like it,the off pattern draws the eye.Very nice.
What website do you go to get all your supplies like your beads in your needles you just inspired me to do that.
Have a couple of questions for you. 1 - how many beads around do you use. 2 - are the beads you use delicas or seed beads
Really cool idea I might try one thanks
I luv your work!! 😍 May I ask what lighter you're beading on? I have a Bic I've been trying to bead on but 42 wasn't enough to go around it. I'm using 11/0 toho but I had to use 46 and it just is not working out pattern wise.:( Any help, tips, advice would be greatly appreciated. :)
Hi sir it has been awhile since I spoke to you  my name is susan and i have a question for ya     i have made these lighter cases and  after the lighter burns out  when you put another lighter  in the sleeve it is lose why and how do I stop that from happening
hermosas pulseras saludos desde colombia
you really are super talented!!! the work you do with hombre is amazing!!! i hope you pick up beading again but i do understand we all go through phases. in the meantime im subscribed :)
I love this....good vid
I'm about to try my first lighter design and this video helps a lot. Thank you!
讚
Do you have any videos showing how to step by step if so could you send a link I have been trying to find a how to with instructions for a year now. lol
Thank you for these videos and inspiration! here are my first two: https://www.instagram.com/p/BLpaA1GDtll/  I was able to fit 50 beads around the metal case, size 11 seed beads from Fire Mountain Gems.
Hello c is nice that you can weave on a vase or a bottle or box So pls thank you c is what I'm looking
what brand of beads do you use
Love your bead work, what size beads are you using and do you have a preference? Thanks :)
have you ever  made like hearts or pictures like minions or houses. if yes do you have videos  of them ?.
Do you know how to make the base full of beads instead of the cover?
I love the design on your lighter case! Awesome job!! Love how the bottom part is larger than the top. keep up the amazing work! Thank you for sharing with us how to make these! Blessings to you!
Opps. Forgot the site. http://www.bwhitehead.com/lesson1.html
Have you ever used a starter strip? You can do it with tubular peyote since you are using the same number of beads on each project. Stitch in all grey a few row of tubular peyote, every 10th bead you string on use a different color (you won't come out even 10th bead),end both ends. With a different color thread than your color for your project. Put on the first row of beads with the different color thread, don't cross threads from the previous row as you put it on (don't tie off). With your main thread for your project, now put on row two, three, etc. When you're done you take off the different color thread. snip it, pull it anything to get it off. Your starter strip will be there for the next project and it was easy to start, hold, and even tension. I didn't read this site thoroughly but basic idea.
Oh My Goddess those lighter covers are magnificent sounds like you are a perfectionist but you do magnificently beautiful work do you sell those lighter covers and if so where can I get one two or more I wish you would do a tutorial on how to do it
a white Man could mess up a wet dream
I loved watching all your videos.My question is can you do a video doing the rainbow effect on a flat piece that could be inlays in a belt?
Thank you for the quick, heartfelt reply!!  I will keep watching and re-watching your videos. I have learned a lot from you. I just need to get busy and order beads.  Thanks again
Hi there...I really enjoy your videos.  I have a request.  Could you list the brand, size and color number or color name and maybe even who you buy your beads from??  Your choices are so harmonizing!!!  You do have amazing gift.  Thanks for sharing.  Looking forward to what you do next!!  Again...Thank You!..
Van  Have a Question what size seed Bead are you using that would be a big help  to me an what brand are they  11/0 Miyuki beads or  11/0 Delica beads  ?  size please
Do you sell these?
How much string do you generally start off with, to be safe? And the lighters you've used in your tutorials are slightly smaller than Bics, correct? Do you happen to know what the circumference-bead count is for Bics? Its been hard finding info on the web for beading lighter covers and it is my first time! All help is appreciated, thanks :)
how many rows tall is this design? trying to make a pattern! Any help would be awesome!!!!!
bonsoir je trouve formidables les bijoux que vous faites??? ou puis je trouver les schemas merci de votre reponse
I have a question about bead count. You are using #11 seed beads by Miyuki, I tried that number on a regular size Bic with DynaMite  #11s  & came up looking like my circle was going to be at least 4 beads short of a tight fit, and it would be better to have a little leeway from what I have gathered. Are you using round beads or Delicas? I want to work on this for myself and would appreciate suggestions how to cure the problem. Are you making covers for the smaller Bics?
Hi again. So how many beads do you start off with? And every second bead after?
Hi. Beautiful beadwork! Are the beads used in this lighter case called delica beads? Or regular seed seed beads?
VaniRex, I know how important it is to get the right coloured beads, the ones that match perfectly to make a greater statement. I've only found you today but can pass you on to a few suppliers that I use. In these shops, you will definately find a very vast array of colours in these online stores: (wholesale) https://www.czechbeads.com/Catalog/Products.aspx?b=TR-11  and this one: (retail) http://www.firemountaingems.com/shop/delica-seed-beads-and-bugle-beads--11-round?itemsperpage=20&sortby=bestmatch  and this shop: (retail) http://www.tamarascottdesigns.com/collections/seed-beads/delica-11-0  and lastly: (retail) http://www.beadaholique.com/nsearch.aspx?page=1&keywords=11%2F0+round+seed+beads&search.x=30&search.y=11&ShowPics=1&refine=y&Category=Beads&Subcategory1=Toho+Beads&Subcategory2=Toho+Seed+Beads+11-0+Round  I also use this site a lot too:  http://www.auracrystals.com/collections/miyuki-round-seed-beads?page=1   *Van, I truely hope that these links can help yourself and the many veiwers following your channel. Love, Light, Peace & Bliss, Rachel Walsh
Stunning!!!! Do you have an etsy? I would buy these for friends and family. :)
What type of seed beads do you use? I know you have said they are 11/0 but are they Japanese or Chech? Thanks for responding to my question...
Your work is stunning and mezmerizing.  I watched and listened to  the whole tutorial.  Designing involves so much thought and careful planning.  I could relate and appreciated how and why you chose your colours. Your designs are beautiful.  What a gift you have and thank you for sharing.
Would LOVE to learn how to make these :) beautiful work
I like it :)
oh and i love your tutorial
oh the beadwork slides up the lighter when i go to flick the lighter. Does it mean my beadwork is to loose? and if so how do I tighten it or make sure it is tight enough? Please I can do the beading nicely but it slides that is my problem. Help
Sir how can I keep the beadwork from sliding up on the lighter? I beaded mine over leather but the beads were not attached to the leather and the leather is not attched to the lighter. Can you give me a couple pointers? please.
It would have been nice to see how you did your pattern...how many colours we need to do the pattern, where to change colours etc....
Perhaps this has already been mentioned because I did not read all the comments, but a solution for being too long?  Put a small piece of matt board to match the bottom leather piece on the inside to bring the lighter up a bit....????
love your use of techical terms...looks like shit... may i borrow it... been beading for many years.. and have had several that do qualify for that term...yeah looks like shit hits the nail on the head, for my situation
What size of beads did you use?
Well, I suppose starting with alternating colors might help some, sure.  Only problem with it I see is that I gotta alternate color AND count, and I'm not so good at all that.  There's always gonna be a balance to strike on stuff like that, and I think it's gonna vary person to person.  If I'd continued having problems figuring out which bead to go through (on the fourth row, the second row I'm gonna keep), I wouldn't have done starter beads to begin with.  Now I do occasionally mess it all up at the start and go through the wrong bead, and your suggestion would surely fix that issue, too :).
Could you please make a video of how you sewed the leather onto the bottom?:) Please and thank you.
Amazing....thank u so much....I can peyote stitch ...it's the patterns that baffle me....it color choices inspired me
vanirex ,beautiful colors and thank you for the instructions
