Great video. Thanks Steve 😊
Nice work
Steve what is your web site that myopic automatically send a pattern for you to down load and print.  I use to get them all the time but not  now
Hard work💪🌹🌹🌹🌹
Residue can be removed with Xylene as well.
Brilliant - just what I needed to know.  Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
Do you have a link of the blades you used
Thank you Steve good I been wanting to learn how to make things out of acrylic
Hello Steve, the process for puzzles??
*This is my second WEN tool and they are both great **MyBest.Tools** I needed to do some trim work around the house and needed a scroll saw for the intricate work. No complaints so far.*
Acrylic comes in two types.   Cast and extruded.    The extruded will melt even with a slower speed.   Using the cast acrylic will not melt from the saw blade.    I have for years used 1/4” acrylic to make photo sculpture technique....I glue pictures to the acrylic....wedding announcements and any certificate that Patty wants me to mount.  Makes a great gift and people love them.  I go to Tap Plastics here in San Mateo Ca for acrylic.
Is it mandatory to use special blade for it? If I use my normal wood cutting blade, will it work of thickness of 10cm?
No link for the blade,  how many teeth was it,  tps
what type blade are you using for this project
Please add link to purchase material and blades.... And font used.  I cannot find thick material.  Thanks again
is that cast acrylic?
Awesome!
Your videos are very informative and interesting  but I've noticed that you don't reply to questions. Why is this?
I'm getting a scroll saw soon. I have a question. Why do people fuss with glue? Is there a reason why people don't apply tape first, then glue the design on the tape?
how many tpi per inch does the blade have as I have no idea what a number 7 blade is and cannot see any listed that way in the uk
Would a heat gun work to smooth the edges and be safe ?
Actually, i tdoes work. You have to be very careful with the speed and not push the material through too fast. You have to go very slowly. In addition, a crown tooth blade is best as it will keep the material the coolest. This will help to prevent the piece from welding back together.
I'm cutting 1/2 inch acrylic on slow speed and it always welds itself back together as I do the cut. I even put a piece in the freezer and tried while it was still cold. It stayed cold but still would not separate. How to keep this from happening? Suggestions?
One more quest what is the dimension of the acrylic you are using email me zixto911@aol.com thanks
Hi love your videos. I was wondering what type of letter font you use? Because I'm trying to look for the alphabet font the looks like yours please email me at zixto911@aol.com.  Thank you
Thanks for you tutorial..
kinda ironic how you take the ''frosted'' edges away, with a flame :)
Hi, very interesting video sdgood, I have been thinking about getting a scroll saw, in the past when cutting acrylic about 8 to 12mm using the jig saw, it just melts on me with the blade just ending up stuck, even with Perseverance on my part, The end result is still rough as can be, Like you say, the acrylic just welds back together on me as I cut through, you made a real good job of that 3/4 thick too. Thom in Scotland.
can you cut cow bone with a scroll saw
@TopGear6666 Doesn't work, you'll burn the thing up.
nice job man
what's more useful? a bandsaw or a scroll saw?
Great! Where can I buy acrilic on the web?
