Find Plans for this project here! http://bit.ly/3ksAYbD
DIY and proceeds to show a full workshop with tools of over 50000 euros ...
yes she has a workshop but is actually the most simple structure over here, I am gonna use it
Tell me you don't live in Wyoming without telling me you don't live in Wyoming. The hanging decoration would either be gone or smashed to pieces and the top would blow off after one winter.  Probably needs 3/4 inch ply with metal roof and 50 roofing screws and glue to hold it on to the ply. Also heavy chain anchors to connect the roof to the bottom part of the house or better yet, make the access panel on the side to limit areas the wind could cause damage.
How do you organize seasonal storage items like holiday decorations in a shed?
I'm building my dogs house at the moment with what I have here at the house and I always do things differently. I hope it works. I do have 2 by fours, 2 of them. Full length I have uh a few one by sixes, and 1 / fourth as well. We'll see how this goes
Great build! What was the overall cost to build it? Thanks for the great tutorial!
Nice job
So don’t actually expect a response but does anyone have any experience with this Pockethole jig I’ve owned kregs always but they leave a lot to be desired, this one is only $80 on amazon so that makes me skeptical
a few thoughts. the floor didnt get insulation underneath and its elevated so wind will come in. Also the wa the roof is angled wind could blow the roof open.. Also the gap between the 2 sections of roof will let wind in. I dont see why the roof could not be a single piece.
Exposed styrofoam insulation?  The dogs will paw at and eat it.
wow!! Beautiful, can you build me one? 😄
Why there isnt any swinging door for cold
Nice, informative video. No unneeded background music! Cute giggles. How long did it take to get all of them acclimated to entering it?
Hi April, new to your channel. Would love to give this dog house a try. Also, do you still have the skillshare link or did I completely miss that offer?
I'll pay for someone to build an insulated dog house for my dog brother
You lost me at the idea of this being DIY when I seen your workshop 😂.
I realize this video is two years old, but we are looking to do something very similar. May I ask approximately what this doghouse cost you to build not including labor?
I would have built a one-piece roof as two pieces may not be water tight or wind proof.
I bought the plans but it doesn’t say how many 1x6x8 is needed for the trim. It’s blank.
What is the approximate rough dimension of the exterior of the dog house? Just so I can get an idea/comparison of how big the one you built is. I looked at your site for the plans but i dont think it was listed in the description.
Would it be difficult to add a patio to the front for them to hangout under in the summer?
Hey, perhaps 2 ideas for a v2? 1) Nice big window, either reclaimed or sandwiched plexi, on the same size as the doggy door. Give them doggos a view while they are inside. 2) Slightly more complicated, build a false wall on the end opposite the doggy door for some batteries and a small solar charger accessible from external doors.  Replace/augment the top panel with a large used solar panel (can find them from $50 to $150 depending on size).  Wire up the solar and battery to a fan in the summer and an electric heating pad in the winter.
Hopefully there are no mountain lions in your area if your lovely dogs sleep outside your house
H😂❤gejrh4j4
Love this! Looking at making something similar for our large dog, with a run. Couple questions though, I’ve never made anything with a slope to it. How did you decide how much slope you needed, and how did you know what angle to cut your framing?  I’m relatively new to diy projects, and excited to try different techniques, but timber is too expensive to muck it up 😂
what is the design software I saw early on in the video?
💯👌
Have you build an outdoor cat house?  Mainly for feral cats.
Wood like to take a class but did not see a link
I don't even have dogs, why did I watch this whole thing
This girl is a genius because she's the only person out there I've seen use a 1x1. You don't need a 2x5 for a dog house!
Great video! I’m going to incorporate the same design but a bit bigger for my pitbull
Are those insulated enough for below freezing weather or. Cuz i always bring my dogs in during winter but it gets hard cleaning hair and stuff especially now investing in new carpet and stuff for my place place
nice
If you buy a dog house it’s gatta be made well like this, not some used crappy looking one that looks like chicken and pig houses in the farm, I know a seller that makes em really well like these not simply this big for Yorks, but simply good walls and a roof to like these ones
Nice! I love your work!
Whats the name.of the pocket hole jig
it does not look like the roof is going to be fully watertight but its a great idea
Is this warm  for cold winter
Is plywood water proof. Made aa kennel last year from old pallets (stuff with straw for insulation). Cladded with plywood but the boards are falling apart after first winter
Not practical for the average person as it requires thousands of dollars worth of tools, not to mention a huge workshop. Might be a tad cheaper and less time consuming to buy the kennel.
YOU HAVE A GREAT TALENT! WHY ISN'T THIS ON THE MARKET YET???! I HAVEN'T FOUND ANYTHING LIKE IT! READY TO BUY A TOOL SHED AND CUT A HOLE THOUGH IT IF I CAN'T HAVE ONE! THANK YOU FOR THE GREAT IDEA. I'LL MAKE SURE TO INSULATE IT.
Hello, Can you provide me with a link or the make and model of your pocket hole jig? Mice tool!
Hey April, I Love your video. I wanna get a big dog, possibly a rottweiler. But first I wanna build a dog house before anything. What Software or app do you use when comes to designing projects like this. I noticed your laptop 2:36
Your dog are luck.
Beautiful project. We have 3 adult GSD and thinking of making a doghouse for each :)
Very nice. Inspiring and motivating. Thanks.
You call it "cheating," I call it working smart.
Like your build quite a lot, but after puting in all that nice insulation, that gap in the roof makes it all kinda worthless. Maybe at least install some door edge rubber seals to it, to prevent all the heat from escaping at the top.
Would this dog house get to hot in the summer? With all the insulation?
One more question.  Since you have two panels for the roof, if you put this house outside will it leak water when raining?
Do you have a material list and dimensions to share?
Nice, the piano hinge will work great, thanks!
This chick ain't playing excellent job and knowledge
Love your video and we want to support you. Can I have the contact email address?
Hate this type of videos. "It's all easy, simple and fast!" except there is a lot of professional gear used that usual people don't have.
Very nice! Cute furkids too.  You can get foam in 2" thick, R10
Can you just make the exact one for my 3 dogs? That is the perfect dog house for my babies.
Very nicely done
they dont sleep in the house? sad
How much does it weigh and how did you move it to the current location?
curious, for outside non cover patio, how would one use to prevent any rain/water getting in  from top  ?
Can I buy a dog paw you made?
I love it I have 3 corsos that I have to build one for :)
What was the degree of the slope of the roof? Or how short we’re the back 2x2s compares to the front ones?
I'm trying a much smaller version of this for a stray feral cat enclosure with a heating mat and hay for the winter, my prob is I don't have a table saw so i need to make the cuts with a saw-zall, which does the job if I'm careful, any tips on how to make straight cuts?
Nice easy design for small dogs
I definitely would not want any exposed insulation to get into my pups eyes or lungs
I don’t think she understands the meaning of DIY
HI, how long did it take you to build it?
Excuse my ignorance but why did you take off the rounded edges?
IMHO ...  I won't even THINK of making a dogs' house without some sort of window!
I have never seen such an easy and awesome dog house. Cheers to all the makers out there. And to you madam Amy. I have subscribed and I will be watching.
I suppose the house need air circulation
I missing where the plans are? Measurements.
Thank you for taking the time 2 make this video!
How much did this build cost u?
I wish I could find someone I could higher to build me a cat house just like this dog house for 3 stray cats that's been hanging around my place but a little shorter in height and with the roof being all one piece. This is great nice job.
Thank you, looked up the self adjusting pocket hole jig. Enjoy you videos even though may not build  Always good to learn new things.
Love it
This is the best tutorial ever... I would like to work with you one day
Lovely dog house, i want one for my dog
What do you call that type of insulation?
need more women like this totally into her craft
Man I love your videos! We are moving out to an acreage and have a list of DIY/building projects a mile long! Do you think the insulation in this dog house would be enough for an outdoor cat in a Saskatchewan winter? (It gets to about -40 at the peak of winter.) Trying to figure out how best to make a safe, warm place for an outdoor cat on our property :)
So cute, and such a good tutorial. Thank you so much!
Really well thought out. I used a sheet of 1/4" cloudy lexan hinged on top. For insulation  i use a half of a hay bail.  Works good up here in Wisconsin for my Lab. 🐶
Built mine on my channel to watch ❤️
Such well behaved puppers
That isnt a dog house its a whole hotel
Very nice dog house but if I could afford all of those woodworking tools I could afford to just pay someone to build us one or just buy one. Very nice though. Would love to have one of those for our dog.
That is awesome!! 👏👏
👌 NICE! GOOD JOB!
this insulation is for cold weather? or can be use in summer ?
How is this in the rain? Does the rain get in through the top at the join of the two lids ?
Apri, you A freaking genius lady!!!!!
🔝Nice Dog House🔥
Who actually dislikes this video? I see like 700 dislikes, this project is simple and very informative.
And I thought I pampered pets. Cool doghouse, and well built.
clever idea
Where did you get your. Pocket hole. I've seen the Kraig. Style not impressed.  Respectively Niel
great job, FYI let the paint do the work on the roller. When you dry roll, or try to use more elbow grease, the nap of the roller gets hammered and it ends up holding less and less paint. Keep it wet and it will retain its original thickness.
I’m doing this but for my cats
Do you by any chance have a list of tools and schematics needed to build this dog house!? I would really appreciate it!
Can't wait to build this soon!
I want this so badly for my German shepherds
If it gets really windy could the roof lift up?
April"s in the  Dog house again :)
I love this!!  But it is definitely far beyond my beginning level :/
why use 4x2 for ur framing when ur splittin in half using 2x1 be equally as effective and if not cheaper
💕💕💕
With any building, whether it is a dog house or chicken coop, I always insulate the building and I live in Southern California. It helps with the heat and cold. Just worth the money.
I have 12 dogs and am planning to adopt more wish I could have someone come over to do this dog house for me
Band
No actual measurements?🤷‍♂️
Aww should've made little windows.
I am sorry I am a beginner and would love to know wn getting the roof slanted at what ngle do you cut it and also how much shorter do you cut the smaller piece of wood to make it slanted?
What did u use to insulate the house
This is really cool, I could convert it for my cats.
Wish I would've thought of adding insulation to my build!
do your dogs pay rent?
What dimensions did you use for the frame? I have 2 dogs around the size of yours but they hog up enough space for another dog lol
Solar lights inside the dog house would be great.
I REALLY LOVE this design. I am sooooo going to build this for my pups. It looks like this is 6' long x 36" high with two 3' wide doors for the top. I am going to add a window in front along with a doggy door flap to keep out unwanted things. Great job !!!
Hey April.  I'm using this as a template for a feral cat shelter. Out of curiosity did you sheath the underside or is it just exposed foam board?
it had to be dark back in the back. how about adding a skylight
Will try thanks
WoW ! Nice idea ! I tried https://www.amazon.com/bluekeyworld Cable Clips and it helped  my organization
Floor plans please
She's freaking awesome!! I wish I had all these tools, but Im definitely going to save for up for that Miter Saw!!
How did you cut the corners? I'm building one right now and I cant seem to figure out how to cut the small corners from the bottom wood
I’m confused . For the floor, is the insulation just hanging out of the bottom ? Or is the floor insulation in-between two slats of wood ? I only saw wood being placed on top .  Thanks !
Super well done, thanks for the inspiration!
your dogs are so gosh darnit cute!
Pintandola matas toda la veta
You are awesome!  I am building my first cat house out of plywood.  I am a beginner and still need to learn how to cut wood to precision, but not bad for a first timer.  Learn from you all I can so I'm so glad I found you.  Yes I  can watch others but I love how clearly your instructions are.   Thanks April!
Whats kind of blue is it?🤔
Nice dog house
Totally wished you sold these in a smaller size :((
May I please have the material list for this?
watching this while i still not having any pet.
Hey. I wanna build something like this for my dogs. They are bigger dogs. Belgian malnois and German shepherd. The third is a mali-dutchie. What dimensions did you use when building this. I would go bigger obviously but I need to fit the house into a garage and I need to make sure that they won’t get in eachother way in the dog house.
What was the total cost for this project?
WoW ! Nice idea ! I tried https://www.amazon.com/bluekeyworld Cable Clips and it helped  my organization
Awesome build project. I've been looking at roof options as I want to be able to open mine as well. Thanks for the ideas!
I do trim like that also, not perfect every time tho lol!
Amazing. I am building a hutch for guinea pigs and neglected the insulation aspect. Your design for insulation on the roof that opens is great. I also found the idea for the trim on the roof very useful to hide slight asymmetry on the roof due to a crooked 2x4 board. Thanks!
Dear April. I need your help my 4 yr old twin.boys and my 3yr old twin girls love to play together well.my.sons want a particular toy for the past 2 birthdays and Christmas  even told SANTA they want it and been.very good  April.they want a tow behind GAS POWERED CEMENT MIXER like like the mason used with the round drum.that they can pull them behind there Tonka trucks I don't have the EQUIPTMENT to.fo it as I TRYING to.move to.a newer home .Can you help me .next I heard you be interested in bulk cbc work.i was thinking or building a newer version of the old Tonka Nylint  toys made out of 20.gauge steel..my email.is marinesniper1958@gmail.com
Great job !
I like this, but mine would have to be at least 7 feet long x 4 feet deep and 4 feet high... My kids (dogs) need room LOL The shepherd is a big guy and loves to stretch out when he lays down...
Awesome!!!
ок
jjjjjjjjjjj
That dog house is fantastic! Thank you for sharing. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Great work! Thanks for taking the time to make, film, edit and share
Thank you it was very helpful
BARKLEY DOG PUPPY
I love dogs, I love craftmentship and I love that you combined them both. <3
Is there a build plan and materials list?
Do you dogs live outside full time?
The only thing I would change is id  add a latch to keep the wind from pulling up the roof
Bored dogs chew unprotected insulation
Very nice build but will the dogs have enough ventilation since you're probably planning to leave the top hinged doors closed most of the time? Maybe a side window to allow cross ventilation with the doggy door will give them more air?
what angle did you make for the roof? as in what did you set the mitre saw to angle the frame
So awesome 😎
I would definitely make the entrance like 1.5x the size it is now so that if a dog is sitting in front of it, other dogs can still get in, but other than that it looks great
It's not because you built it yourself that it is a DIY project. I'll be using some of the ideas to try and build a house for my dogs with the limited tools and even more limited skills I have available. Great video, though
When you want to check if the opening is a comfortable fit the second one is like "nope, just give me cuddles, I want cuddles and playing" 😂😍
What is there to dislike about this video lol wow
Do you have a link to the CNC tool you use?
To enclosed, needs a couple holes for exit air.
Wouldn’t water go in through that crack
I like how detailed the video is
I  Love  Dog
Anyone have a cost estimate
Did I miss somewhere where it says the dimensions of this puppy palace?  Or are there plans for it?  If so, would someone please tell me?  Thanks.
It's nice but I see no reason to be using pocket screws.
i’m stuck in quarantine and i some how have these products and i guess i’m making this-
Tudo o que vc faz fica maravilhoso
Adoro caes..tenho 5 meninas..todas adotadas..muito lindo tudo que vc faz
Here we'd have to fill it with lots of straw and add a door flap to protect from cold wind. Great design, thanks for the vid!
Gonna cut your hand off using the table saw like that. Otherwise I like the video. Cute house!
Me: Is this a grave or what 😑?     My Dog politely : nice coffin 🐶!!
I love your dogs! Like Colby, I would also like to see a window or skylight!
Amazing dog house 🐶♥️
What software are you using to create your plans?
That was fun to watch - I have to build one for our new Shepard but I'm jealous you have that shop - I have all the tools - no shop so this will have to be a seasonal build for me - nice job
Awesome vid, awesome build! :)
You insulated the bottom...good!  But normally you would have wood under the floor so that the air couldn't blow under the box thus pulling heat away from the dogs. You don't want the floor of the doghouse sitting right on the group.
This is great!  The proper way to build a dog house.  Rectangular with an opening on the long end. Good job!
Totum is sitting there watching her install the insulation thinking, insulation? This lady must really love us.
So how did you keep that insulation in place.
Being brief. Some of the tools that you used are not average tools. Making it too expensive to follow you.
You are very beautiful and house is also beautiful 👌👌👌👌👌👌👍
Sorry!  I didn't see any plans.  I'm pretty sure it me (hehehehe) but can you please send me them? johnburdock.pm@gmail.com   Cheers April
muy buena genialllll
Now the dogs could do it the the little house 👍
Love the video April💓💓
You know those "insulation" are useless because the entrance is just wide open right?
My dog couldn't fit inside that, he's too large! But anyways, that's a nice dog house!
Why you using power tools, can you work without power tool challenge ? Just nail hammer and cutting saw?
DIY without those amazing tools :(
I am in love with rooster! 😍
I just worked on a local community project in 2019 to build a dog park, and one of the things we came across in our research before building the agility equipment is that some dogs will tear up material like insulation and fiber wood materials.  So as I was watching your build, I also had the same thought about the exposed insulation on the inside.  So I guess it is important to know your dogs behavior on this before building it.
A window would look nice too.
Vinny from giantbomb.com brought me here and I’m glad because you are awesome!
Totem,Luke, and Rooster🐶 House sign on the top of door?
Great job! Dogs are very lucky!
Did they order the pizza?
How much is all the wood? And do you have the layout?
I absolutely love this! You did incredible!
you keep your dogs outside in the winter? ugh
DIY? almost a factory! ahahh! nice dog house
Is this good for really hot environments?
Who’s watching in 2020? Like if u are! 👍🥳
Do you have the specs for this dog house?
April...wonder why your Design looks Exactly like mine Posted several years ago to the Sketchup Warehouse? BTW...mine Accommodates 4 Big Dogs Comfortably for several years now.  Tip: I added Wedges with Hinges to Stringers under the Lid. I fold them up in the Hot Weather for Ventilation and Fold them Down during Cold Weather.
Makita cordless. Thats the way to go
Hello nice build. Did you do any angle cuts to the frame of the house. Like a 10 degree cut ? Thanks
so cute!!
Pretty sure everyone knows what skillshare is by now.
You should have put the little dog paw piece of rebar. Had to come out sideways like an old school Tavern sign.
Totem Looks like my Toasty (we also call him Toto)......and he's also the smart one of our boys.
Great job! Your dogs must be happy!
Dogs belong in your house not outside.
Rooster is the best!
do you offer, for sale or otherwise, a copy of the plans & dimensions you used?
THIS HOUSE WOULD ALMOST BE FINE IF YOUR IN FLORIDA. WAY TO BIG FOR SMALL DOGS, NEVER STAY WARM. NEEDS WAY BIGGER OVERHANG TO KEEP RAIN OUT, OR HAVE IT FACING THE HOUSE. DONT CUT OPENING OF DOOR ALL THE WAY DOWN TO FLOOR. IF YOU ADD STRAW IN WINTER THEY DRAG IT OUT AND IT GETS WET, SHOULD BE 8 TO 10 INCHES HIGH THEN PACK THE STRAW HEAVY. DOG HOUSE SHOULD BE 20 PERCENT LARGER THAN DOG AND WITH A MUCH LOWER CEILING OR THE DOG WILL NEVER STAY WARM. WAY BIGGER OVERHANGS ON ROOF AND MAKE IT SO YOU CAN LIFT IT UP IN SUMMER FOR VENTILATION..WE LIVE IN CLEVELAND TEMPS GO FROM ONE HUNDRED TO 15 BELOW..
What is that table saw you used to cut the 2×4s in half?
what does insulated mean???
any dog big enough to warm up that dog house won't fit through the door. It's not a good design if you really want an insulated dog house.
Bare good
Amazing!!
Willing to share the plans for this build?
Great design and well built. Might it be worth putting something over the doorway as a wind break? London, uk
since its insulated a light bulb in the ceiling would help in the winter - like what you'd do for brooding chicks.
nice
Good job you are doing nice
Those doggies are precious, & the house couldn't be any better.. Great job.!
Do u take them inside your home when it's bad weatther?
I immediately subscribed when she did that trick 0:8 😭❤️
With regards to the winter temperatures at night, how cold does the dog house get at night.  Have you used a camera and digital thermometer to monitor the cold factor.   Have you made any attempt, yourself, to see how cold it gets. Are you able to survive or do you experience numbness and shivering. I like to know what you have discovered, is it as warm as you think it is. Maybe you could research that and post it.   If you cant take it, surely your 3 dogs cant deal with it. Looking forward to see what you have.
She's using Makita drill 😎
Subscribed to your channel. Very nice house.  I've just released a video of a DIY dog house for my puppy Archi. What do you think?
what are the dimensions of the house when its done?
What breed are your dogs? They're so cute!
You are 😎 awesom
rule of thumb , inside of house 2" taller than your dog ,dogs body heat will keep them warm ,  and just big enough for the dog to lay
My dog just give birth to another 7 puppies and Im glad I learned this one. Nice house.😄
Don't talk so fast
We all know Pam Beasly is an artist, but I guess she kept her handywoman skills a secret throughout the show. Jim is such a lucky bastard!
You nailed it! Loved your ideas. Imma build a lil house for my dog as well, and I hadn't yet thought about lifting the floor to avoid coldness in winter (I live in a tropical coutry), that's a good idea. I also appreciate how you designed it, with a really sophisticated and functional layout, but yet full of joy. Thank you very much for sharing!
Love to diy dog house but no tools and equipments. Is there an easy way to do beside using all those cutting equipments?
I don’t even have a dog, I don’t know why I’m watching this lol
Im a year late seeing this video.. lol  nice job.. you're a really good carpenter..  I like the window ideas and the latches for the roof ideas from the other comments.. curious what you chose if any.. :))   yours is on your porch but if it was not, I would like to share that a little overhang for the doorway to keep out rain and sun (sun in the heat of the summer days)... an overhang like we have on homes without porches..   plus I'm sure you would come up with a way to make a really cute one.   anyway.. I love it. thanks for sharing.
How I wish I had as much tools as you : )
You built a doggie dumpster
What about a window? 😅
Hello, i live in yuma arizona is where summers are 125+ degrees and winters are in the low 40s. Im going to make a dog house but with an A/C Unit. For insulation would you recommend 1" or 2" thick?
this lady has the latest tools 🛠 wow
Pocket holes for framing lol
Nice work !      gonna make one for my babys :)
I had a quick suggestion on your table saw extender for large pieces of wood. Why not use magnets attached to the wood with maybe a metal stripping so it holds it together so it doesn’t accidentally fall when you’re cutting something.
You're not cheating on holding it up in marking it. That's what framers to do :)
You didn't talk about the angles you used on the frame. Dog house does look amazing tho.
You never know where youtube will take you. At first glance, I like this channel and video.
Yep my dog would totally rip that insulation ugh bt i love the design i might just build it looks really nice
This is a good wholesome post
I just made my 1st dog house and it was trash the wood was not the same size and it was just a no go but it was ok cuz it keeps the rain away
Just found your channel  ... You and your pets are awesome  😁❤ ...  I love this idea  , thank - you for the inspiration  ... great job 👍👍👍 ❤❤❤ !!!
I reconmend trading the cloth out for straw bedding.That way the bedding will stay dry alot longer.
Lol, they look happy. I like your channel.
Nice video however I have built many a dog box the sheeting you put on bottom that is open to weather will come loose and the same sheeting you put on the inside has no protection from the dogs toenails.most dogs will dig it loose over a short time it should have been covered with a thin layer of plywood also.   Box looks great
Is there an actual list of the required materials to build this? I want to build one for my little dogs.
They need windows 👍🏻Up for tho.
I have a doghouse I got from amazon for $100.. A real POS if I must say. One of these days I'll try to build my own doghouse but I don't have all the tools these people are using.
Pam!
About how much did this cost? i have a kids play house that i was going to convert into a winter dog house but i’m stumped on how to cover the windows for warmth since it is plastic
Great vid--straight to the point.
Pam
This is brilliant! How did you learn these skills? I'm interested in learning.
Looking good
I love your workshop, what type of work do you generally do from your shop.  I love the dog house can't wait to try
I could have missed it, but approximately how much did it cost?
Well done. But you need see 3 things, the lockers for the roof, you know the wind is always a surprise. The second, is ensure that around the roof have a good isolation, if the roof have any gap, you lose all hot air.  And some transparent rubber stripes on the door to keep inside temperature.
You teach your skills and steps with a simple way 👌🏻😍 OF Course ,  you are a good teacher 😀💙 perfect 👌🏻
In all your videos you do and excellent job of giving instructions for construction of your projects.  I am very envious of your shop.
Your awesome best carpenter ever
You don’t need something to cover the insulation on the bottom?
I recently found your videos and can't stop watching! The only problem is, I can't figure out which project to start first! Lol  I absolutely love this idea! Thank You so much for making all these GREAT videos! I can't wait for the next one!
Great video. I love your workshop. (and you <3)
you got too fancy ..... neeeeeeexxxttttt!!!!!
All those tools wow!! I barely have a hammer
9:12 --- haha super cute "I planned that!..... *whispers* I didn't...."
Great design! This was fun to watch even though I have no carpenter skills. Those dogs live like kings as should be!
LOL look at his eyes 👀🦴 0:20  Little porch light on the far right would look cool.
I want to make two of these! One to replace the kennel with maybe a little window or two. Then one outside! Adorable. Our fur babies deserve it!
I would love to learn how to do this kinda stuff!
So cute OMG ! Nice nice nice~><
Got something for ya....... what if they get hot... what will help so that stay cool??? Answer pls...
That was fantastic. Thanks for the video. I hope your dogs enjoy the heck out of it!
Lots of great ideas. Very nice dog house.
I know they r not 2x4
What size is wood u use for the frames
they need a window
Challenge accepted I'm going to build it for my pit🐕🐕😁😁😍😍
Idk why I’m even watching this, I don’t even own a dog. 😂
I'd love a giant sized dog house like this for my St Bernard lol...
Cant stop watching your videos!! So inspiring
How warm do you think it stays in there? Our winters get super cold with quite a bit of snow. Wondering if just the insulation would be enough to keep my lab mix warm during the day or if I should add some type of heat? She won't be out there at night, EVER, so I don't have to worry about super super cold temps with no sun, and I'll leave her inside if it's below freezing if that's what she wants.
Great vid. Did u have any trouble with your battery-powered DeWalt nail gun?!? The shop teacher at my school is having a TERRIBLE time with his and says they've gotten awful reviews. Thoughts?
Curious on how to cut for the lean to roof.
Plans?
I think you should add a dog door the leads to your house and a dog door on the front of the dog house with a lock on it so they don't escape or so people will not kid nap you dogs like your selling them
i wanted to see the inside after it was decorated  ) :
My girl, my girl,  myyyy giiirl.
Thank you this really did help me
I would have added a little window on side furthest from the door to give them a bit of light.
Parabéns, Deus abençoe cada vez mais seu talento.
more videos of the dogs enjoying the house pls  :)
badass.
If it didnt have that doggy door this could also double up as a small wooden dumpster? lol
Dogs said they wanna window to look outside.
Wow😮😮😮😮
Thanks to you, my dog found this and once stop pestering me for his own house. Automatic dislike.
Insulation is pointless if you leave the front door wide open.
It's better if you have a ventilation for them  Air in and out that single hole ⭕ there will not be a plenty of fresh air for them probably u have to do that ventilation
Do you have the plans for this dog house on any of your pages??
Great job 👏👏 love your work 💯😉
Thinking about making these and selling them
Wow this dog house looks awesome. I'm glad that I came across your blog and must subscribe!
Something I not understand, tell me: You have all tools required and more for work wood, but you don't create good wood assemblies. You use steel with screws... why ? Please, learn to do it with wood only, it will be stronger, more value, better for every thing.
Who said that women could not do hard work
Dogy door! Pls
that thing was build for a earthquake! I bet you can even stand on it! nice build but do add something so the roof dont blow open:D
great project
Why glue and screw?
Great job!
I did a similar insulated one, about 16 years ago, with a skylight.  I did not hinge the top; just lifted it off when needed.   Worked great, but a sinister 10 year old put a 12 pound mallet through the skylight on its second year... argh!  Amazingly, it was tuned to about 50 Hz, and made a great tiphony drum... when the dogs weren't in it (:>)  They slept in the house, at night, but liked to nap in there during the day.
This would be a useful video for me making a dog house for my dogs if I didn't let my dogs in and out of the house with the doggy door.
Hi April, I always learned to put a small wall next to the entrance so the wind cannot directly enter the house. That way you have an L shaped entrance.
can this be used for cats?
Nice but why would you move it and pick it up to insulate instead of cutting the approximate measurement pick up insulation and you or him holding it while the other traced it
SHOULD OF PUT SOLAR PANELS  FOR THE DOG HOUSE
I reckon it will be quite dark in there, why not make a window in it? :)
My precious dog of 8 years passed away about 2 weeks ago. Me and my wife & kids are going to adopt a pup from a shelter soon. I am a new homeowner and plan on building a dog house and kennel area for our new pup when we are healed enough to find one. Awesome video!
Now this is a good recommendation from YouTube.  I subscribed April. Thanks for the wonderful videos❤👍🏼
Isn’t there an opening for the air conditioning?
Beautiful job, have you thought about putting a small  playhouse window on the furthest side of the door to let some radiant heat in during winter but a nice cross breeze for the summer?   Texas summers, as you know I'm sure, are brutal! Lol.   Great job as always April!!!
I like the way you introduced your pup's✌️
Great Video!  I think this is so awesome for helping ferals have a warm place in the winter.  Where I live if this is used for a pet it has to have airconditioning!  We have brutal summers here.  As for me all my pets live indoors.
I built one 8 yrs ago....8' long/4'high/4'deep, 11/2 " insulation floor/walls/ roof....all 2x4 framing. . inner walls and floor was all 1/4" plywood, outside walls floor and roof were 1/2" plywood. I have two entrances on the front/and an inner room with dog doors. My dogs love having their own entrance to lay there and watch  outside and when they get cold they go into the inner room lined with straw and cuddle...The roof also opens/one piece.
I built a similar one years ago. The differences were: A full-length piano hinged roof, in order to gain access to the entire interior. A 4” lower lip at the door opening. Filled with 1 bushel of cedar shavings
Luke snapped to attention once he saw the ball in your hand like: " Ooh a ball!" How cute!😍
You should put four wheels.
How cold does it get at night time ???
I love your channel even tho I’ve only seen to videos so far!
My dog has the same name as you're dog named little bit
You always go the extra mile on details !! I can imagine the added value to your property !! Good job !! 👏✌️👍
Wish I was this skilled
Dogs should sleep in the bedroom where they belong.
This is adorable cuz I'm a big fan of dogs but I only have 1 dog
How much was it in total for the build??
Built something close years ago for the family dog. I used a donated insulated wall and corgated tin for the roof. Be safe. Peace.
Ms.  Wilkerson, super good channel.    Thanks for the sweet jig info.
2x4s cut in half are 2x2s
Is the insulation safe to get wet? I'm pretty sure I'm gonna hose the whole thing down after a while.
No dogs in side house???
Good
In the summer you could leave one top open and the other closed so the dogs could sit in the sun and if they get hot they can go to the shade 😁😊
Your dogs are really cool, I also have three.
Thanks for the video. Helped me with some ideas. One question, what is the threshold temperature for this insulated house? Like, how cold can it tolerate?
is not to hot  for summer, where is the window
This is great and you can install the mini ac unit for them 😂👍🙏❤️
Why would anyone that cares about their dogs leave them outside in the winter?
Bravissima ...vorrei avere una donna così brava con il legno che è anche la mia passione....
Bravo!
Pocket hole jig maker please?
she has 3 pups not 2
I am in Texas too, was going to ask how your animals deal with critters ;)
Love it!!! Our dogs are so precious!!!
My name is April also and I love dogs. We have a lot in common I can already tell!😂😍🥰😘😋
Very nicely built. Great explanation, too.
I love 🐕!
I probably have all of this stuff but not a dog
@April Wilkerson I have a question what color paint did you use?
Buckets of talent
👏👏👏👏👏
Can you make me one, i will pay you, well, when I get a dog 😞
I don't have a dog. Why am I so interested?
it looks like a blue garbage bin with a tiny door
Great dog house, but the pitch of the roof should be away from the house, so the rain off the dog house roof isn't directed to the house behind it.
Can I try a mini DIY bunk bed for me he pups
Can I pay you to make one of these for my four dogs?
Liked before watching! Gonna be great
Can you make one with ac and or a heater
Oh good
Thank you April for all that you do! Thank you for being a creator and an innovator. Inspiring us to try new things and showing us how to build. I have always had a passion for building things and you've motivated me to do much more.  Also, thank you for the Skillshare connection. I hadn't heard of it until you shared it! God bless you and yours! Please keep up the great work! From Velvet.
Your dogs are too die for <3
Very nice!
April.... you have done nice and grateful things for your dogs and now they are living a wonderful life because of you. Thank You!
This is just a doghouse, but I wonder if a vapor barrier would make a difference.
Best DIY video.    Adorable pups
Really good build
Nice job. Go Astros.
Hey girl so love your video but I’m not gonna lie I was kind of left with the impression that you’ve been doing this for a while lol and I don’t wanna be pessimistic but I can’t build that dog house :/ do you sell them?
Woah this is awesome the dogs seem to love it :3
Nice
is that rhinoceros software?
Good job April 👍👌💪
Yes I think Golby Mason is right windows would be great dogs like to look out and having more of a roof hang over so they don't get wet would be nice.Your shop looks like it would be easy to do these things.I am glad they even have a house.
Anyone who says women don’t belong in the Trades is a Stone Age chauvinist.
Awesome work.
It snows here.  My dogs thank you.
What kind of software is used for the blueprints on the computer in the video??
If I had to choose one dog I'd have to say Rooster, he's just so cute & innocent looking.
What program do you use on your computer to draw up your designs? Looks awesome!
Wow! That would make a great duck coup!
But how do you build a dog house when you have the tools to build it. I mean do you borrow them from a carpenter or go to his house and rent the space while you building the house?
She made a box....
Very nice but I think aluminum insolator should be towards the plywood shouldn't it be ?
Thank you!!!  I'm using this plan to make my shed.  Love how you make it a simple process
My dogs would rip that hole thing appart somehow 🐕🐕🐶🐶😀😀
designed to drain water to the house not away
Thank you for not only the tutorial on making the dog house but also the skillshare :) I have fur babies that are like my children and I want their comfort to be my top priority.
I’m so glad I stumbled upon your video! This is fantastic!!!! You got a new subscriber!
You make it look so easy!
The last dog house we built at my parents place, we used a car floor mat as a doggie door to keep any excess wind/snow/cold out of the dog house.  But we live in Canada and the harsh winters made it a necessity.
Hi Regards from Mexico Good Job to Pets
Just bring the dog inside
nicely done
I love the simplicity and clean sleek look
Maybe you need to put a locking mechanism for the 2 parts of the roof. As you said is wind where you are and the wind can lift that ruf up and force it. Also even if that house is shelterd from the top, the wind can bring snow and rain drops to it so maybe you should put some cover over the gap of the 2 ruf pieces. Just my opinion but I like what you done.
Awesome build ma’am, from NC.
I wish I had all of the tools for this build but my dog is too huge for this dog house but you did say that i can adjust the doggy hole and make it bigger. I don't know why I have yet to see your channel. I just subscribed.
What program did you use to make the skeleton of your dog house?
Im yes I’m obviously going to watch this
Am I the only kid in elementary school that wants to build a house 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Just stumbled onto your channel. Great video and I am now a sub!
Amazing work! This is the first time I see one of your videos and I loved it!
No dog should ever be kept outside.  If your dog cant come in and out of yr house when they want to. Than u should not have dogs.
How much did it cost?
I’m going to be honest, I skipped the whole video until I say the dogs
That is ADORABLE!!! I LOVE IT!! Can you make one for me? Haha.   I love the hanging paw. And your doggies are so cute!
I have a Berneses Mountain dog, isn't this house a little small for her?
Using carpet inside as well may be an option
I need that self adjusting jig!!!
What breed I those dogs? I love them
I’m pretty sure four Malamutes would fit in that fantastic house! 🐶 And I was impressed when my dad built an open whelping box 😎 . . .
Never liked the idea of dog houses...if owners don't clean it regularly it's just asking for animals and rats to move in and that's something I don't want my dog to go through. Not to mention the fleas, ticks, and spiders
does the insulation on the inside of the roof ever crumble or have dust or anything fall into bed area??  seems like the dogs would be sleeping close to the insulation, any toxic issues?  I need to make a few of these insulated houses (not as fancy) for a city shelter.  Thanks!
Let them inside the house when the weather is bad.
no ramp?
Woooooow. to me you are Wonderwoman. I wish I could be able to do what you can do. Compliments
The only flaw I see is the seam in the roof for when it rains
Cut & beauty.  And is there any light in the dog house ?? Isn't it dark ?? Dogs will cry !!
Do you have the plans for this at all?
My dog is a blanket either
Hello April, I have to say that I learnt a lot by looking at your videos. Thank you for the sharing, the ideas and the pleasure of personal creation which you pass on. I built my first piece for my kitchen and I am now excited to begin the others. ;) Greetz from Belgium.
You're amazing. Wish I could find a woman like you!
I don’t even own a dog😭
Instantly subscribed
could always get a reptile heater and put under board :)
I love this dog house! Per some of the other comments. Sure you could always add a window later. My question is about the insulation. Is it worth the trouble? I'm new to it and have been doing research to insulate my garage. Seems like having any small gap compromises it's effectiveness and then if you've got a door that's always open is it worth insulating? I guess the pups body heat will be trapped a bit better while they're all in it?
I want your shop
Really miss the outtakes and bloopers at the end little one.
What would happen you drilled a large hole into one of the sides and hooked up the exhaust from the dryer vent?
how caring! :D
I was expecting some sort of removable flap door to help keep in the heat and the wind out during the winter. My dogs would love something like this. We have made simplier dog house for outside and put foam inside without issue. It will get scratched at here and there but for the most part they will leave it alone
Don’t mess with anyone who has access to wood, tools, or pocket knives!! LOL!! 😂
Does this new Pocket Hole Jig have metric markings on the other side?
I love the little rolling stool.
I watched this and I don't even have a dog
To avoid drafts maybe walking in freezer type plastic hanging as a door
I would have put a door on it. But owell
Nice job. Have you ever seen Tammy Fay Baker’s air conditioned dog house?
احسنتي  شكرا ☺
Nice design.
aww! cute dogs.
How much did all of the material cost
Awesome build. Thanks for a new perspective of dog house with a flip up roof. If I made one like that, I would add weather striping on the roof/lids to create a seal.
AMAZING!
That's the coolest dog house I've seen... great job April... 👍👍👍👍
You working great but  sum ideas Hide-and-seek playground for kid's wood toy's  video please
Dog house and beautiful house nice video
I built a house like this once. My dog literally ate the whole thing.
فنانة مبدعة
I’m planning to bring my dog from Italy over here in Canada, Alberta but here in the winter we do reach -30 sometimes..do you think something like it will keep it warm in the winter ?? I was planning on install even some UV LIGHT inside and a resistance into the water bawl to keep the water from freezing..
If you watch one, you watch thousands
When are you coming back to you tube
will my dog will ever leave the house If i make that one?
boghouse
I built a doghouse for a very destructive dog (he has chewed holes in the house!) and my solution to keep him comfy and protect the dog house was to glue and staple some left-over medium-pile carpeting to the inside.  He may be able to get little threads of the carpet out but it would take him a very long time to remove it all.
You mention cheating a lot when it’s really just working smart. What’s actually half-assed (& dangerous) is how you left the insulation exposed. Looks good on the outside tho, the hanging paw is really cute!
U should do collab w/ I Like To Make Stuff
Where can I go and place an order for 4 please... lol.  Love your work, you now have me wanting to build a fence, a new shop, wire that shop for air tools, build an exterior set of stairs and much more... Thanks...
That's awesome seeing a young lady like yourself doing this cool project.I have pitbull and I was just scanning thru for some ideas.may consider using some of your ideas.thanks
Excelente proyecto!!!!
Such cute doggies! By the way a smaller house shall decrease interior air space that is warmed by the dogs body heat. Which should give a warmer overall interior space. Adding a elongated entry will decrease cold wind entering the front access into the house. If you're dogs are in extreme cold adding a doggie door should help to
We had to throw my woodshop products away because they were “dangerous” haha I love this video! Dogs & hobbies :D
You should put some lighting inside
Your workshop is GIANT!  Sweet! Also, hi, this is my first of your videos.  Loved the build!
Always nice to see a beautiful lady building something, I like the shed ideas
Window please. That will  make it  perfect
Very cool idea.
My brother and I are working on a dog house similar to this one though we built a "hallway" from the door so his dog can go through the door and around the wall. that wall is to block out the wind.
I’m going to make this but I may add a window to the left side of the front. Brilliant design!
Luke looks like my westie. And I want to snuggle rooster!
I love it great job …...
This is awesome. Subscribed :)
Use a roller with a longer nap to get in the grooves and use a primer. Also, if I ever get another dog, I'm def going to make this. Thanks.
Hello April W, thank you for your illustrative videos, that a lot helps us for people who are starting in the woodwork or that as I am a fanatic or we have this beautiful hobby, regards from Veracruz, Mexico.
wait i dont even have a dog
I have 3 dogs, one of the dogs will sleep by the entrance of the dog house and won't allow the others to go in.
Rooster!!❤️❤️
I was gonna make a joke about your husband and a dog house but somebody already beat me to the punchline.
Being so closed in .... Wouldn't there be an issue with oxigen depletion with 3 dogs inside?
Does anyone know of a website that uses an intuitive interface to make your own project from a catalog of various parts, materials, and fasteners? Like a 3D drag and snap-in-place virtual build. Then plans/directions could be automated and the parts be shipped out. There are so many things I want to build but just put it together like a kit.
also not sure if polyiso should be shealth since foams are combustible.
overhang roof and ventilate the House?   some air flow should make it more comfortable
Like it
You can buy heated pads for their beds
That dog house is nicer than some people's
ALWAYS panel over the foam insulation. Even if the dogs aren't chewers diggers or scratchers, they're simply going to beat the daylights out of that insulation with their general day to day behavior, whether awake or not, and destroy that insulation over the course of a year or two. And in some parts of the country, that insulation is more expensive than whatever paneling would keep it safe.
April I would like to say that I am truly amazed of how creative you are with all your builds. I just started following you and you are awesome.  I love how you show everything step by step so others can also build things. Keep up the great work and can't wait to see what you do next.
I started building dog houses when I was 4 of 5.  I learned a lot over the years.  Your dog house looks a lot better than my first one.  I am not sure that they had bead board 50 years ago.
lovely house, wish i could fit something like that on my tiny flat for my 2 dogs
Amazing work!
Add a piece of a truck tire flap to seal the entrance. They can push right past it but it will seal the opening against wind. I use these for dog doors
Should have put a plexiglass windows in the front, dogs always like to watch things,and stay warm.
This dog house looks better than my room
<3 to Rooster
Make one that is heated and air-conditioned
Not sure how cold it gets there but adding a small 200W space heater near the top in the back might make it just that much more cozy for them. I actually have one under my desk and the heater puts out heat without getting uncomfortably hot. I would add a timer so it comes on only at night. In fact, you could get a fancy timer and only have it come on every say 30 minutes out of the hour during the night.
the dog's sit next to the door because there is no oxygen inside, need a window.
For more insulation for the dogs, you can staple a bunch of 2-3" wide strips of an old towel or blanket to the top.  Have them drape down to a couple of inches above the floor when closed.  When the dog goes in, the strips will rest on top of the dog like a blanket.  Remove during warm season.  If you're worried about the dog tearing the strips out and stables littering the house, add another board for winter use, drill holes through it, slip your strips through and tie a knot at the end.
In really cold places dog house of this construction need two rooms. Small hallway and bigger "living room" in the back,  with fabric covered entrances
I used 1-1/2" foam board insulation with Mylar on one side. I also installed the Mylar on the inside walls instead outside so the Mylar would reflect heat back at our cats. I built their houses 2x3 ft the same size as the foam insulation. I also built them heaters that are just 60x-75w regular light bulbs I placed inside new 1 gallon paint cans.I also put on the floor the Farm Innovators heating pad that heats up to 1002 where they lay. The pads stay around 80 degrees to save power where their not lay,but the pad I'm sure does help with heating the condos. Ended up on the heaters using Ceramic light fixtures because the plastic ones get hot and puts off a toxic smell that you would not want your dog or cats to breathe. With just a small approx: 10"x12" door cut out these condos will stay a warm 75 degree's in below freezing weather. You can adjust the heat by the wattage bulbs and also put two heaters in the condo. I mounted the heaters mid way in against a wall with metal to protect the foam from getting to hot. Cats are always plenty far away from the heaters not to get to hot so all is safe. I leave them running 24/7.
what software do you use?
Windows! Add small plexiglass windows. So the dogs not by the door opening don't feel like they are in a coffin.
Please add springs or shocks or at the very least padding so that you don't smack the roof down creating loud noise hurting their ears or if they stand up they don't get hurt
Unless you wash your dog a lot that dog house is gonna stink their fur is enough but don't get me wrong dogs deserve comfort as well but humidity is a problem all dogs have and their humidity stinks. Literally I've a lot of experience with dogs fyi
Loved it! 👍❤🐶🐕
Skillshare - Outstanding - just like @April Wilkerson :D
Good job!! The insulation is important, but ventilation should also be provided. If one of the dog farts the others will be dead (lol).
will my dog go in their? but this is amazing. love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this is the best show ever please  do more of this  is amazing
The dogs have it nicer than my shop.
Just wanted to say I really appreciate your videos they're actually pretty good :P !
Your awesome
Those poor dogs, they have a jail cell for a home...no windows...
If my dogs chew on things what kind of sheet should I use to protect the house and insulation
I really wanna do this but this equipment is insanely expensive
This model is amazing keep up the good work you an great artist with wood
That is a nice looking house but wont the dogs need some window for air later in the year
Awesome work, love it
​ April Wilkerson  I've really enjoyed watching your videos. You make a lot of really cool projects and you have come quite a long way since those first days. One thing that I've noticed though is that you always have a bunch of special tools for all your projects.  There's probably not a lot of us watching your videos that have over $100K+ worth of tools and a workshop bigger than most people's house. I wouldn't mind seeing some videos where you use just the basics. As an example. If I were to build this dog house with what I have I would have used, a standard circular saw (without a guide track), A standard 18V drill (no fancy pocket hole jig), a blade to cut the insulation, a speed square, a metal straight edge ruler (48 inch), a tape measure, a paint brush and roller, a couple of saw horses (no fancy, wood clamping, mighty jaw contraption). The entire cost of my tools for this project probably costs about as much as the two Infinity blades you listed in the summary (I'm not a carpenter nor is it a hobby of mine, I just like watching people build things). Just the tools alone that you listed in the summary costs well over $2,000. Maybe you could start a new set of "Back to the basics" videos where you make some nice projects with tools that the rest of us have. Once again, thanks for all your videos and keep them coming.
Hi wich program are you using to make the house please let me know if you come by this message. Or if any one knows.  Thank you
Hi April from  Spain, great and amazing job!!! really. Can I make a request? Can you make a short or not, video that how you use sketchup for your projects? Some tips please!!! Thanks a lot
Nice !
I like your work and live. God bless you and your family. Merry Christmas.
Nice house 👍
Hey
Hi April, thank you for making another amazing video and keep up the good work 👍🏻
Very Nice April! 10:30, will you be building coffins next?
Be it Christmas, Kwanzaa, Hanukkah, Or whatever else you might Believe, May loved ones be near, May you heart fill with cheer, And many blessings you Receive.
This is very creative and nice for the dogs to go in when it’s cold and windy.i have to ridgeback puppies and i think the door would have to be a bit bigger otherwise I would build this for my dogs. Keep up the great work👍👍
You could build an insulated dog house... or just let them back inside.
I would suggest some kind of latch for the roof so the wind can not pick it up.
Very nice build April.
👏
Watching that Armor Auto-Jig Pocket Hole System adjust by itself is better than watching a panda being born.
Hi April. I just need to know what the outer board is called ? Its strange but just before I saw this video , i was saying to my wife that Our Dog/ Cat kennel is way overdue to be replaced but with insulation , One thing i would suggest with yours is , just to the left of your door put another inner wall in (going towards the back) and an entrance into the sleeping/laying area  towards the back of that wall, It keeps direct drafts/wind out  .... Love your videos
Couple of months ago, you hired an assistant, whatever happened to her? Doesn't she do the video editing, etc. etc.
You are an active and skilled woman too, I wish you all the success and success in your life
Merry Christmas April 🎅 I like your videos, continue the same way. regards your fan from Finland
Nice Doghouse design!
BONNE FÊTES DE FIN D'ANNÉE
I love your channel and all the cool wiring stuff you do it's really nice and I like how unique you are. I also love your positivity and energy. I wish more girls can be Hands-On like you it's really nice
How is this gonna be in the summer? Isn’t it gonna get too hot?
Thanks for the 2 free months!! :D ... Great build also :)
Your puppers are absolutely adorable & their home is gorgeous❤️
i dont why she doesnt want to simplify construction, apparently she has too much equipments
You gots are Sooooooo cute
Seguidor habitual, solo kiero agradecerle sus vídeos y desearle unas muy Felices Fiestas y Próspero 2019, espero repleto de vídeos, descubrimientos y aprendizaje para tod@s Un abrazo Juan, dsd el Pto de Sta María
Man, tiny house hunters is going to new levels now
Hey April, I love the house. I have a couple of German Shepherds that I’ve been wanting to make them a dog house like this. Thanks for posting. Also, I don’t know how true this is, but I’ve always been told for an outside dog you don’t want to leave blankets and towels for them to lay on since they’ll be getting wet because it’s supposed to cause mange on them. But whether this is true or not, I’m not sure, maybe someone who reads this can tell us. ☺️ Anyway, I love the Dog House 😍
hello April, like allways great job on the project, the only thing that came to mind is the wind factor, i thought that if you install a thick ruber curtain on the door may protect the doggies a little more, hope you find my input usefull, like i found yours in many ocations in the past, love your videos, and keep upi the exellent work...
Merry Christmas April!
Finally I'll build a decent home to my six dogs. Great idea with the roof
Blessed Christmas and Happy New Year from Belgium.
You are my dream girl...god bless you
This is AWESOME! Thanks for posting great content.
Your videos are great. You have a great balance between information, technique and appeal. You have found a great niche and I'm know your channel will withstand the test of time. Good for you. You have inspired me to undertake certain projects and have given me excellent incite were I need it most. Thank you. Please don't let fame change you and your values. Love your family.
Is that dewalt nail gun worth it?
Great project April! Thanks for sharing it with us, And Merry Christmas! To you and your family!👍😎JP
hermosa la casita !!! ....saludos desde Argentina April !!
thx for the cc, April
My brother had a house for his cat.  `cept his was heated in addition to insulated.    One family member was found to be alergic hence the house.
I say this like every ten videos or something, but I love the way you say saw. For a Texas boy like me living out in San Francisco, it's just a delight. It makes me happy every time. It is a little bit of home. I lost my bag with my ISOTunes Pro I got after your recommendation long ago. So now I can buy the newer one, but are you going to have a discount code anytime soon? It's a stretch for me financially. So whether they dig into the insulation or not, I assume you checked with the manufacturer's website about health concerns from direct contact or from fuming of new material. After all having exposed insulation in a living environment is an unusual application. The surface in contact with them looks like foil which would be fine. Is it? Is it aluminum? Something else? I'm sure you've thought through all of this, but when you don't tell us about it it makes us dog lovers a bit anxious. Plus: Love your dogs in their individual personalities. They are all so adorbs.  I think rooster would be my secret fave, but I'd never tell the others;)
Ce dog house est super. J'aime votre travail. Bonne vidéo et excellent projet.
Hi, do you have any page for you on pinterest?
👍🏻👍🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
you all, so cute:))
The youngest kone sleeps at the door xD
I just built a dog house for my two younger sisters German Sheppard's. I used R-19 insulation in the floor, walls, and ceiling. I used full 2"x 4"s, 16" on center construction, OSB sheathing, wrapped with felt paper, traditional roof shingles, drip edge, and even fascia. the interior is dry walled, inside corner trim/crown moulding, 4" base board, and sealed with expanding foam (under the trim). Now I'm just trying to figure out if I should build a door with the style of insulation you're using with a double swing hinge feature or just a regular old plastic curtain type. The total cost will be around $500.00 when it's finished. I still need to add Hardie plank siding and prime/paint it (maybe even tape and float). Kudos to you for your build!   Edit: I might add a window unit for the summer heat, and a window so they can see what going on outside. :)
The door is to small and it does not have windows! I bet there is draft!
Is it me, or did you just build an insulated coffin? Nice video!
Again I love your videos you make DIY & Carpentry look easy.... your videos are so informative 💪🏽  Merry Christmas God bless you and all the best for the new year!!
Like
Hello, How are you? I wanted to know what program you used to build the dog house. I also want to build a dog house.  Thanks from Perú
Insulation doesn't protect much from driving wind if the front door is always open and faces the main chamber;  you're probably getting negligible difference from just using plywood.  Dogs are pretty well insulated to start with.   What I would suggest instead is adding a small tunnel, so to enter they go in a door on the left side, turn 90deg right, walk the length of the box, then turn 90deg left into the main room.  Keep it from getting dark by having a skylight..  This gets the wind far away from the main room.
Should have had a 4-6" lip inside the door... I stead of flat. This would hold in straw you put inside plus, the dogs like to test their heads on it while looking out.  With as many as 22 sled dogs in my kennel, I've done this for all of my houses and it is a must. Put another partial wall down the middle making it into to 2 rooms so they can get back inside and keep even more out of the weather/wind.
DSHA (Doggie Safety & Health Administration) rules require one emergency exit per 15 square feet with a paw-activated door latch bar...(just kidding) - Good work and dogs look happy with it and will be getting up to all kinds of mischief in their little rhumba room. Boy dogs will need a few etchings for viewing by invitation.
Ay I love it. I have multiple cats and  this makes me want to build them something too.
cool Doggie Motel !!!! , and so glad to see so many of the ladies into woodworking and glad i found all this on the youtube cause i thought i was the only one
Hi great dog house nice colour, may be a good idea to fit a lining inside, the insulation may be a irritante to your dogs.
No offence  But your shop looks dusty
Very luxurious! I remember sleeping in something like that "not as nice" as a teenager when I was locked out! (Cody watch out my friend)
Hi. What program do you use to make the designs of your projects?
turned out great.  as for gluing painted surfaces use weldbond. and when you have bead board like that use a higher nap roller and you wont need the brush.
Comment
This is great I've been thinking about getting my dog a cozy little home/bed 😁
That is Awesome!!!
Good design and Good Job!  Merry Christmas
Glad i subscribed to your channel. You also put my welding to shame. Keep up the fun content.
Great design except your missing one thing.  It would be better (IMO) if you had installed a wind baffle inside at the entrance.
The Armor tools pocket hole jig looks awesome. Thanks for sharing!
Perfect!
Great job. I built something similar and screened the door with some old Army woolen blanket cut into strips.
please put a doggie camera inside haha
Nice house for the doggos. Do you have any small animals or rodents that might cause issues if they decided to burrow into that insulation underneath?
I think it will be too dark for them, they need a window or something, probably a couple.  My dog loves to look out.  Maybe a door at each end?  Maybe a lightbulb inside for heat during the winters?  I guess where you're at it's never that crazy cold.
I will begin with a recognition that your skills are light years beyond mine, and the following comments are made with all due respect. However, having spent more time in the dog house than I care to remember, I make the following recommendations.  If cold wind is a concern, a one-eighty-degree baffled entrance, requiring the pup to make two right turns inside the door, will dramatically reduce wind intrusion. Or, maybe one of those fancy magnetic pet doors. Either addition could be seasonal.  By the same token, the larger the interior, the more body heat is required to warm it. Again, a seasonal partition could be added. Or one of those electric pet pads. Now that I think about it, my dogs lived better than I did. Definitely ate better food. And had better health care. OK, I did have a nicer bathroom.  Thanks for such clear, yet concise, instructions.
That price if half inch around the edge of the roof will also act as a good drip edge if it does get rained on.
Lucky dog!
We are dogs💕
If you mount a 60 or 80 watt light bulb covered w a old coffee can you have added a built in inexpensive furnace which you can control. Very safe and adds enough heat to really keep the pups warm💡
Pretty fancy!  My dog has a bitty dogloo igloo I got for a couple bucks from the thrift store and a feather blanket.  He prefers indoors!  I need to make a doggy door, any plans to make one of those????
Lucky Dogs have a nice warm house to keep them warm and cozy  ;-)
Pocket screws are cool and all, but I don’t understand why you used it for this project.
That looks better than my first apartment did!  Well done!
Lucky your dogs use it! I built one for my dog and he’d rather sit in the cold and rain so it eventually became firewood
I’d build one, but my dogs would just chew it apart. They seem to have a taste for wood, plastic, and even hardy board.
sweet build April.
Good looking pack you have there!  Love the house, thanks for sharing.
I actually made one similar to this a few years ago. Except I also added a light and a 100watt bulb as a "heater" for those really cold nights. I checked the interior temp with my laser thermometer, and it was 75° inside when it was 27° outside.
Nice house but I don't need one, my dogs are inside dogs.
April, I love your videos!! You’ve done a fantastic job with your new shop and I’m excited to watch you transform the shop into your dream shop. As I look around in your videos I see your dust collection not removing as much dust or chips as I’d thought you’d be removing. For example, in this video your jointer seems to be overflowing with chips. I say this reluctantly and perhaps an email is a better medium for this specific discussion.  Forgive me, I’m new to YouTube commenting.  I look forward to your videos and I really appreciate your detail in the projects you records! Hope all is well. Thanks for any response!!
Happy.
can you tell me what brand jointer you have in the background--and do you like it--thank you April
6:55 More grey. Grey may be worse than black. So depressing.
Nicely done April, i liked the overall design  and final product  as well as the new pocket hole jig  i thought i was going for the Harbor Freight metal pocket hole jig  but now i have a new one to  chec out  as i liked the  fast  adaptability  the one  you featured  over most of the others  and most likely i will share my next shop with my son  so we both will  use different methods and designs  so having tools that  can accomodate that is  more of my priority
My Dad built something along those lines years ago and he added Canvas flaps on the inside and outside of the door to provide an air barrier.  We lived in Michigan at the time and it got really cold out.  He also put shingles on the roof to make the thing more waterproof.  We didn't have a covered porch to put it on.
Dogs belong inside with their humans, not outside in a freaking doghouse,  especially in the winter. Unsubscribing, bye bye...
I have 8 racoons that I feed each night, and then the dear little things return to the woods, and probably into a damp den under a tree. I suspect they too huddle together, similar to your dogs. There is not a lot of nutrition in the woods this time of year in eastern Canada. The temperature can go well below zero, so it must be a very harsh existence. Your idea of making a warm insulated home for your dogs rings clear. I was stumbling in my design on how to select an appropriate height for the 'racoon house'. I like that you insulated the floor, walls, and roof. Love your projects. Who would have known they would apply to the racoons of the Bay of Fundy.
Needs a window.
Merci April wooofff
how cold does it get there?
Hi April, I am trying to build up my tool selection and was wondering, would you suggest a Table Saw first or a Miter Saw? Also if possible, you already do a pretty good job of this, but can you break down what tools you use the most and what they are for? Kind of an instructional video. Unless you have already done this, then I apologize I will look for it. Thank you.
Great dog house!  I made one sort of like it and my dog tore the insulation out.  I wondered if he missed it when winter came, but he didn't say.  On a side note, be careful with your left hand and the driver drill.  If you slip it can stab your hand badly. DAMHIKT
Doggies belong in the warm house with their humans to be loved at all times.... it is a nice hut and well made. Good for feral cats.
Thanks, great video. May I suggest that you set up some type of fasteners to hold down the roof panels during times of high winds? Even if the dogs are not there at such times this may help to prevent damage. Also, that paw… it will be rattling all the time that the wind is blowing, that might irritate some dogs.
There's a perfect example of over-thinking a problem in Benjamin Franklin's autobiography. He had 5 dogs, different sizes, and they were forever demanding to be let in or out of the door. So, being an inventor, Franklin decided to make a small oblong hole at one side of the bottom of the door for his smallest dog. Next to it he cut a larger hole for the next largest dog, and so on. Of course all the portals had doors. Once he'd finished, he sat back to observe his dogs use their respective doors, but the dogs, being somewhat smarter than old Benjamin, all used the largest door.
Excellent...! Cheers...
nice
Great job on the project.  I'd like to add a recommendation for your videos if you don't mind.  I've noticed this in a few of your videos during your monologue segment (the ones you film in front of the trees).  You're actually slightly blurry, but the trees are in-focus.  I think you need to adjust your focus a bit on your camera.  If it's auto, it's picking up the trees as the foreground.  If it's not auto, you just need to bring it backward a little bit.  I assume you set the focus and then record the videos yourself, but if you're setting your focus on the trees and then stepping in front of the camera, it doesn't really work well.  Get something that you can put in place of where you're going to stand and focus on that before your video.  Anyway, again, good job.  I like your channel.  :)
Very cute April! The dogs love it!
Too big inside to keep these pint sized pooches warm, would be perfect for 2 full sized Labradors if it had a larger door.    Small and Cozy is the Key for the little pooches to have a 3 Dog Night, if you get my drift?     Needs latches on lids.      A Very Nice Build just the same, just too big.
WOW! And I just bought myself a Kreg K5 Master System and then I watch this video....urgh! Thanks a lot April for making me second guess my purchase. Awesome looking new pocket hole jig.
Great job, April!  The dogs now have a new home!  Maybe you should give them their own address so they can receive fan mail!
nice looking dog house.
It's wonderful dog 🐕🏠house. You made good.
Awesome dog, I already bought one, but this house is beautiful. My dogs used to live in the streets, I adopted them and they do not use the dog house that I built for them ;/
Nice doghouse. It would  be cool if you mounted a camera in the doghouse so that we could see how the dogs interact with each other in the house when nobody is looking :D
собаки должны жить на улице да.
bit pointless using a pocket jig if you cant even see the timber, should have just drilled and screwed it.
top-load doghouse for the  husband too
Love the design, April. I think you should add a plexy window to give all the pups some light and a view. Hope you guys enjoy the Holidays. Merry Christmas, Mike :<)
Nice job April:)
your dogs don't need a dog house  let them stay in the house they are your family .
This is so cool!!! I been looking around for a good design but nothing catches my eyes like this one does.
We love dog projects!
That’s not a dog house. It’s a dog condo!  We hung a piece of door mat over the door to stop the wind. It gets much colder here.
The paw hanging was a lovely touch! show how much you care about them :)
i could have used this 2 months ago for a cat house i built:)
That looks nice and is big enough for the hubby too! LOL
funny!
No link for the new pocket hole jig?? :(
April, on a recent video of yours, I saw you using a table saw insert that has replaceable wooden pieces to be used as zero clearance inserts. Can you tell me who makes these items. I would like to order one for my saw.
Very well done young lady! I am a new subscriber as I rec'd my 1st notice in my inbox just this morning in fact.  That is one beautiful doghouse & it appears your 4 legged companions approve!   Cheers, Bill... :-)
Very nice project april i will defenertly me making one of them for my two dogs
Cool and very nice!
That's a lot of Dog house. How many more dogs do you plan to get?
Skillshare reminds me of the original youtube ;D
I like the roof on hinges! We had one just like this but I had to crawl through the dog door to fill their water! Also had a very expensive insulated dog door, stayed nice and toasty! Now they are spoiled with a 12x12 heated shed!
Thanks.
We have three mutts, Iitu, Stella and Lulu. All different sizes.
Hey!  you got a planer!
Looks fantastic. I am a little  nervous about other animals getting inside.
A strong wind could blow the lids up.  I would put 2 latches on them.
And now the heating for winter!
Hey April Great a dog to jump one to get the ball and one to cuddle :) you have actually winter I mean really with snow and cold xD with us in Austria lies snow and is cold cold :)  the dog house is really great there will be your dogs feel comfortable and enjoyable before Christmas and love greetings from vienna chris
Some people put an incandescent light bulb in their dog's houses when it gets really cold and the light bulb provides enough warmth to keep the dog house from being so cold.  You could add that with a thermostatically controlled outlet to turn it on and off when the temp drops and rises. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0006U2HD2
Anyone know if they will ship the Armor Auto-Jig Pocket Hole System to the uk at some point ? their site won't take my pre-order so i am guessing they are not currently shipping to uk ?
April. do things, that contains the animals, how to be the puppies, is to see how you appreciate them, take care of them, contain them, so they are properly, another educational video, and pleasant, thank you, and you will do something special, for Christmas,? Thank you
You still awesome ... love you
Top Hundehütte gefällt mir sehr gut 👍👍👍
I think we all know ,her fur babies get a third of her bed ,she gets a half and her hubby well he gets whats left over :)
built a kennel for my dogs with a house as well. the foam board insulation lasted all of 48 hours lol.
I am a fan and enjoy your video so please don't think mum a hater but you have such an amazing shop, tools audience etc so give it a clean. I think I'm commenting as I'd love to see your shop organised. Either way your thanks 4 your videos
As always, very nice work. 👍
It's better than my house.
Why can't they stay up late and order pizza? Lol.  Another great project!
I enjoy watching your videos and the doggy house is terrific.  I just have one suggestion though and that is to insert a two-way pet door which will make it more airtight and warmer inside for the pups.
good and fun ! thanks for sharing .😊
nice looking pocket hole system
Awesome job!
So cute 😍
10:05
What a beautiful dog house, but who do you think your kidding we all know it's where you make your Husband sleep when your angary with him.
Cutting the foam insulation on the tablesaw produces the best and cleanest cuts 👍 on that note, it seems as you should consider either change or sharpen your blade 😁
Possibly add heating, lighting and water maybe
I made an almost identical doghouse for my two dogs.  Mine were a lot bigger so it had to be accommodating.  I used 1/2 plywood and the house was about 3 foot X 6 foot.  I heated the house for them using a ceramic reptile heating element in a protective cage.  It kept the house really comfortable even on the coldest days.
Lucky dogs. Great work April, as inspiring as always! Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year.
Mom spends all weekend building a dog house for her children. Dogs lay on the porch next to the dog house. Mom paints the roof of the doghouse with peanut butter.   Dogs love to stay in their new dog house.
Hello April, it's so pretty. Nice work !
Good
Perfect as always. Great job !
You make it really cool 👌👌👌
4:22 "trace the shape I was needing"...   I'm 52 years old, born in Australia, Bachelor Degree in Mechanical Engineering and have spoken English in Australia, since i can remember.  But with Greek parents I thought I'd check with 14 year old daughter.  Even she though April's english was strange!!!!
Had to make a brick doghouse for my asshat dog because she kept eating the previous one I made from wood. She really likes crunchy stuff. When we did some remodeling she found a bunch of dried mortar and started eating it. Sometimes it feels like I'm keeping a furry xenomorph as a pet.
still the cutest wave on the interweb
Hi, April, from down the road in San Antonio.  I like your dog house and really like that you are not all uptight about working smarter - not harder.  I will pass on one suggestion, only because when I was younger an old guy yelled at me.  Never use a steel blade against an (expensive) aluminum rule as a straightedge.  If you get a little cock-eyed that blade will peel the aluminum like an orange.  Instead you can pick up some steel bar stock or angle iron that is relatively straight for rough stuff, or get one of your sponsors to send you a nice stainless steel straightedge.  Y'all keep up the good work!
As usual great video and beautifully presented instructions. Thanks
nice..
Great little project, and always good to take care of the gang.
You're probably already aware of this but make sure you completely cover up that phone as it is very toxic two dogs and they will not hesitate to eat it. Love the videos great work
Thumbs up for doggos even before watching the vid.  lol.  #MustLoveDogs
Cool build April!!
I made one similar for my dogs. I made the roof in a square but the 'house' in an L shape. The roof has 3.5 walls. This creates a small porch for them and prevents wind form blowing in their house.
I love how they immediately went inside! My dog refused to go into any type of enclosure
Nice job!
Great video April. It turned out great. The dogs look very happy. A laptop would not make it in my shop.... to much dust, wood chips etc. The only time I’ve ever had kick back on the tablesaw was while cutting 2x4’s in half. I had my guard on, the splitter was in place, everything was done correctly...  It threw the 2x4 60 feet down my drive. I must of been concerned because I had  moved my truck. Had I not moved the truck it would have gone through my radiator. I think that what happened was the board closed up on the outfeed side and  pinched the splitter and blade and kicked it backwards. Luckily I sensed it moving and was off to the side and moved further away as it moved and didn’t get injured. The splitter was built into the guard..... my current tablesaw has a separate guard and splitter and I don’t think it could happen so easily. Since that day I use a bandsaw whenever possible to cut 2x material.....   Just a word of caution... Ron
Dog gone (inside) good plan. If I hurry this could be for our dog for Christmas. 🐶
I'd love to build one of these! Unfortunately, my Great Dane wont even walk through a doorway if the door is partially closed because he's a HUGE scaredy cat. Also, I think your tiny house video would be a more appropriate guideline for his 180lb self!
😂😂😂😂👌👌 it’s not that bad in Texas i was just there a week ago now I’m back in Minnesota and freezing my a** off but I do like the dog house keep up the good work
Ahh no wide screen TV , poor doggies ;-) Nice House though, well done !
You ought to make a paw print for each dog and paint their names on the paw prints.  Then hang each paw print from the one above it.
Would've put a way to cover the doggy door when not in use so other unwanted animals don't make a home of it
That is such a gorgeous doghouse!! Lucky fur babies ❤🐶❤
love it! are you going to post these plans on your site?  what are the dimensions of this one? i want to build one big one for my 2 large dogs. imagine it'd have to be a little bigger than this one here?
so no privace for each one，poor dogs
I love it.  Great job.
Why you are put one door.3 dog your make 3 door that is good.
Muy ingenioso, practico, otro excelente video, gracias por compartir maestra.
Do you have any available plans for this house?
Still working hard beautiful lady!!!
April, I built a very similar dog house for my three labs about 12 years ago. They did start eating the insulation until I covered it with more plywood. I didn’t paint it,  but because it sits under a covered patio it goes unnoticed by visitors and the dogs haven’t complained. I don’t put blankets inside as they would soon be shredded, but do put in fresh cedar shavings from shop projects once a year. It keeps them warm and comfortable and repels bugs.
Silly April it isn't cheating. It is a life hack.
👋👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👏😎📹🐕
You did a great job April!
nice job on the dog house.
We had a dog house that was similar outside. Except as the dog would come inside there was a door flap and an entry area with another doorway at a 90° turn in the back and another flap inside. This creating an "airlock" and our basset would have a self heated house that you had to shovel the snow drift away from in the winter and if you opened the lid he would look at you like why are you letting all my heat out. This is an option for those in colder climates.
April,  how can you say that about "Rooster?" I heard her murmur something under her breath... I thing she said, I am going to cry when I'm alone. Rooster is smart. I just think she is a little too sensitive. and she is thinking to herself, I'm her baby. Yes I am. Keep your chin up Rooster.
You may forgot to put some small windows!! OOP! LOL!! ;)
This must have been a "ruff" one.  Bwhahahaaaaaaaa...
Your pups are so happy! Love them.
That is so cool 😎. I'm sure they love it already 😍.    Thanks for sharing and God bless
i wish my house were as nice as theirs....
Wow. Nice work!
April, I would add a12 inch high by 18 to 20 inch long window just high enough so the dogs laying inside can look out and see what’s going on without having to sit in the doorway..🐶 🧡 🐕 💕
I miss the weatherstripping on the edge, under the lit. There it will probably draft and then the insulation if for nothing. Nice build BTW
Nice job April and those are adorable little friends you have.
👍
Another great project
very nice as long as other "critters" don't take a liking to it also...
I bought a Kreg Foreman a few months ago and its just ridiculous how much faster my woodworking is now. Highly recommend getting one.
Verry  Doggie Nice , Good job
Perfect timing! There's a dog on my drive to work that isn't taken care of very well. I was just thinking about building the poor thing an insulated dog house and giving it to the owner. Hopefully, mine will turn out at least somewhat as nice as yours! Ha
That's really cool! But I think I would not have been able to use that one panel with the beautiful grain pattern for my dog's house, even though I love him very much! I've never seen such grain on a sheet of plywood!
Add a dog door flap and make more paws prints to disguise some ventilation portholes with a rotating foam plug in the interior a cheap ip-cam in the inside can let you check on your pooches.
Awesome build! Thanks
I think they would like a window to look out of :)
Very nice dog house. I have one suggestion. Wire up a heat lamp to  a thermostat so that it will come on for those cold nights and go off when it warms up. My dog loves it!!
Man, that's better than my apartment, are they looking for roommate?
You leave your dogs outside???
Bad ass! I'd definitely would need sheet metal for my dog bc she tears through everything. She's chewed up her roof (made out of roofing shingles) bad.
good build for the pooches April, thanks for sharing with us
give me a six pack - wife would never find me
Great project for those cute doggies April!  You got me eyeing those woodpeckers squares!
My fish would will really like this.....wait....theres no door to hold the water in.......Awesome project
Have you had a chance to play with the Porter Cable  Quik Jig 560.  Seems to serve the same function as the Armor Pocket Hole Jig.... operation might be a smidge different.  Has some nice failsafes, but a much higher metal to plastic ratio with regards to construction.  I think the street price difference is about 3-4 dollars.   Didn't want include a video link to someone else's channel, but there are about 8 videos easily found on Youtube.
I think a couple of windows with acrylic would be nice, so everyone gets to see the outside!
Great work April! Next projects: dog garage and dog workshop 😉
Nice doghouse! What type of dogs are they? Really cute little guys!!
This channel just keeps getting better and better.
That is way too cute
What brand pocket hole jig did you use? Any link for that? Thanks
Perfect job as always!
April Wilkerson!  Your videos are always so well done and down to earth!  Thank you for always being authentic on camera!  She has inspired me to start my own channel encouraging anyone to be a handyman, any support from you guys would be of great help!
What is plan to deal with red wasp and mud danger nests that will go under the raised bottom of the house?
Take it from someone that's been in the dog house most of his life....THAT'S A GOOD ONE !!!
00:19 ....."she isn't too bright" hahahahahahaa
Looks good. But use a brush it's faster.
How come you pronounce paw as "paw", but you pronounce saw as "sawl"? ;) Just josh'n ya! Love your videos April. Great job!
W O O F !!
Very nice April, your babies will be happy.
Great video. Well done.
Thank you, April. You have taught me a great deal. Still afraid of gas and electric.
Might need some latches for the roof so it doesn't blow open in the wind.
SOS RELINDA CON TUS PERRITOS, GRACIAS POR EL APORTE, SALUDOS HASTA PRONTO
😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙👌
The paw print is the bomb!
I love it ❤❤
Use Wonderbond.  It works on painter surfaces.
Love it! The swinging paw print is the perfect touch! Great video!
Next time try weldbond
Maybe some PVC strip curtains for the door?
That pocket hole jig is great!
Nice job! I think maybe they need a window.
That pocket hole jig is too cool not to buy.
I dig it.
Good job April I think everything you do is wonderful,good for you.God bless you bye.I love your videos.
Happy to see you building little shop projects again
AMEI! VOU TENTAR FAZER PARECIDA COM A SUA APRIL
Donde puedo comprar el que tienes para hacer los ajugeros en diagonal
✌️😎🇦🇷
awesome April😃
The wind might throw that top door open.  Should add a latch and maybe a window.
Wait...... dogs use dog houses? My chihuahua sleeps under the covers at my feet! It’s a pia, but I wouldn’t have it any other way!
What about putting a flap of sort? If you know how the wind blows at your house.. I would have taken that into account as well and put the door  facing opposite that side.
Nice job
Looks good.  Needs some windows though so the doggies not laying near the door can look out.
Entiendes el español?
Young lady you are an inspiration to everyone. I am sure that the dogs are appreciative also!  I don't like to criticize others work because they have spent a lot of time on that project and just want to share their journey. But, the thought occurred to me about ventilation...even in winter humidity builds in confined spaces. It wouldn't take much to help change the air occasionally.
👏👏💪✊. 😍😘❤🤗
Good video ! But a Question ? Looks like u have a seam in the roof ? Won't Rain get inside ??  and A little trade information for u. i'm in the refrigeration business and deal with insulation materials & insulation thicknesses. Fyi --- just a little bit of trivia. At 2" of insulation is where the Numbers start to drop off & u don't gain a lot per inch of insulation. Huge energy savings & insulating properties are up to 2" of insulation. every inch there after is moderate gains. 2" is the Magic number ! Maybe put a remote thermometer in there to see what temperature it is in there in the winter vs outside. it would be interesting to know.
As always, great job April!!
How do you like the pocket hole jig? I iordered one of these from Armor but it wont ship till Jan 15 2019
I'd have built it big enough for me (with WiFi)... ya know, in case I make my lady angry.  Awesome work!
🐶🦊🐶I think 🤔 uhave rm for a kitchen and bathroom 🚽 inside  🛀🐶🦊🐶
EXCELLENT!!!!!!
Te quedo muy linda
How will rain be stopped from seeping into the box between the two sheets of plywood on the roof?
Sweet!!! Great video, awesome dog house!
Strange comment but have you lost weight ?
Very cool dog house.
gran trabajo , saludos y feliz navidad
Nice house for your dogs!  Maybe you can do an update this summer to add ventilation for them!  At least in Austin area it gets so dang hot but being on the porch they get some good shade at least. Thanks for sharing!
Great build. What breed of dogs are they?
Nice Job ! April you a nice abode . Kudos.
I would also add some small stairs so that they can climb onto the top for the summer breeze ....
Where the windows son?
My Dogs Live Indoors with Me.  If I ever needed a Dog House it would need to be large enough to accommodate My Mattress, because doubtless I'd be the only one Sleeping in It.  Which come to think of it mightn't be a bad idea, because at least I'd have the place to Myself.
when will you start the Babies nursery inside the house
Don't you take them indoors in the winter time?
Use a fluffy roller when painting things with grooves 😉
I love this project. The design is great, and the finished product looks awesome. I work with a local rescue, and I think this type of design could be easily modified to create warm shelter for community cat colonies. Well done, April! Oh, and your doggies are adorable!
i love it. thank you and keep up the great work.
happy dogs :-)
lol... what .. no running water for them to drink while they are in there ?!?! how CRUEL  Nice design April
Wow damm amazing as usual I wish I was your neighbor
Yes guay
Love your voiceovers rather than excessive narration like I see by some other makers. Very professional, April.
Good job
Drives me a little bit nuts that the top of the door is crooked... :/
A recommendation, add latches on the front in case of wind so the roof won't raise and slam down scaring the dogs. I had some dog houses with hinged tops to make cleaning them easier years ago and that happened. Nice design.
🎅🏻🌲🌲🎅🏻 Merry Christmas to you and your family god bless from the Cajun 🎅🏻🌲🌲🎅🏻  Now that’s a very cool dog house
Hi April, simple and comfortable house for your pets. I wish you and yours a Merry Christmas.
Excellent build !  I built an almost identical one, except for one dog. I had to cover the insulation board and mine had a center ridge with a piano hinge. The hinge was simply covered with a flap of thin flat rubber, bonded on both sides. It also has 8'' overhangs on the sides and 16'' over the opening. I'm 53 now and that dog house was built when I was 20 !  It is still in use but for a well pump house at a friends cottage by the river. Man, is it heavy !!
Lol Nice
nice design you got there, and finaly a pocket hole jig I actually want to get!!
Makes me miss my puppy soooo much!!!!
You'll love fusion 360, I'm learning it right now and I have zero CAD experience. It's easy to understand and use. Nice dog house too!
Hahaha i love the look on your face when you said you did not planned that about the build in stop on the back. I Love the pockethole jig and i'm going to look if i can buy these here in belgium. Your dogs are lucky with a dog house like this. Again great video!
Great project and video. Thanks for sharing.
I wonder during the summer if it would get enough vented air. maybe just  curious
Yup, most difficult when the dogs order pizza.
hello very good the house dog good job
My uncle used to have many fox hounds. His favorite dog house had two doorways. One was access to a hallway that had a door into the inside of the dog house at 90 degrees to the first door at the other end of the hall. (If that makes sense.) Anyway that almost guarantees no wind to get inside. The dogs could go all the way into the house when it was cold or just lay in the hallway when it was warmer.
I once heard of a rock band named Three Dog Night, but this is my first experience with a three dog house. Nicely done. BTW, Lowe's has that rigid foam insulation in thicknesses from 1/4 inch to 2 inch. Not sure where you got yours.
If this were for winter an dogs staying out all winter, then the house is about 3 times too large and way too tall for 3 small dogs.  Just for those who think they will build one of these for that purpose.  The smaller the house, the least amount of the dogs own body heat it takes to keep it toasty and warm, even in 2 degree weather.  You will just want a house large enough for the dog to stand, and to lay down.  No larger.
why not two doors?
Very nice. Now, Anne of All Trades need to make something to her kitties. :)
It will double as a coffin ! Lol
Hi April, I don’t know what the wind is like there, but it wouldn’t take much to pop open those roof panels. A latch may come in handy.
Tremendously wonderful project. The most important insulation you gave it was the floor. I learned this with my first build as the dog would rather lay on the ground in winter than in the box. Once I insulated the floor he enjoyed the box. Really nice box. Looks just right and all the right features. I had to line mine with wood. BTW, let us know who guards the door.
Hi. I´m from argentina. Near brazil. Which PC program do you use for these Project? Love your work
Ingenious, what a doll, Someone loves her puppies! You are a credit to our race!! As I have said before is there anything you cannot do?
Now just do the kitchen and bathroom, your pet will be very happy. Congratulations
Loved it.
Happy dogs...good job!
Very cool, if i were making one I would add a spray in plastic type liner so that it can easily be cleaned. I know how messy my dogs can be and how much dirt they can bring with them!
Hi from Spain. I've been following your videos that I like a lot Congratulations for your new workshop From here I wish you to have a Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year 2019 a greeting
Nice build and happy dogs !
Hey April, great video as always!  How about a video comparing Sketchup to Fusion 360? Or just a tour of Fusion 360 (if it's not in the best interest of the channel to do comparisons).  I've used Sketchup for a few years but was unhappy when they changed to Sketchup Free.  I've heard good things about Fusion 360, yet I am hesitant to put in the time to learn a new program.  If I remember the videos I think you know Sketchup as well.   And...always Keep Building!
Love this build !
I added similar insulation when I built our dog’s house but, as per your ending comments, he tore it all out! Oh well, he still enjoyed it 🙂
I breed Rotts and they’d rather eat their dog house then sleep in it. So after many eaten dog houses I finally decided to build a 5 run kennel they couldn’t eat lol
Nice
Muy interesante ese detalle. De la huellita
shouldn't the title be insulated dog house build?
Later you can put a window in for them so they can have some light in their house.
Thanx for introducing your doggos My dogs would leave the insulation alone but would always scrap for position on the door My dogs ain't going for that one lil'door
Never thought I'd see you be in the Dog House, must have been a bit naughty!
April, just saw you in Family Handyman👏👏👏
What is holding the insulation in place underneath the decking?
Well, We can honestly say we have seen April in the doghouse for something.
Great video as always.  Not sure why anyone would down vote this.
April, you Seriously need to hit Matt up for a collab of some sort.  Hey from Texarkana
Nice! Such a cool project 🙂
I love the build, also love your humor.
You never cease to amaze me April.  I have to laugh, somebody posted an old video of yours to my FB account asking if I knew you...I have NO IDEA why they would think I knew you, but I had to tell them...just in the YouTube world, just in the YouTube world.  GREAT JOB as always.
Maybe Matthias Wandel could help you get thru the door!
Awesome project! Adding a small "hallway" inside the house might help cut down on the wind getting inside. Or maybe hinge a small doggie door to keep the draft out?
еще б окно сам бы там жил!!!
How about adding additional plaques by the door with your dog's names?  Super cute home they have.
Two years ago I made a very similar one for my dogs, but the walls were laminate floor and a pneumatic system in the roof. Great Job!
Interesting. And it made me wonder if you had ever built a somewhat similar construct to house a portable generator? Something that would protect the generator while it was in use during an emergency.
Cute little kennel
well that dog house is great! but it need a plexiglass window imo.  Cheers from Argentina.
I love this design.  I'm considering making one for my mom's dogs.  However living in Florida I need to install an AC unit. :)
I liked the siding and paint you choose. Looks great. I have a heating pad in my dogs house because it gets 50 times colder here.
I'd also put a camera in there.  To make sure no unwelcome critters try to take up residence.
I'd add some sacrificial unpainted chew corners.
Very cool project! Love your projects and wish I had your shop! Merry Christmas 🐶🐕🐶
This is also a place for Cody to sleep if he ever gives you crap again for climbing up on the fireplace mantle.   Nice video!
That pocket hole jig is slick as hell.
Great job there
Next time Cody is real dr..., put him to sleep in the doghouse. It would make a great fail video to see him crawl out the dog-door :-)
Why can't the dogs go inside your house at night?
Another fine job dogs will love it
Challenge accepted. Going to improve upon my cats current dog house. Thanks for the video April, you are an inspiration.
Looks like someone needs a small spray booth in their big new shiny shop!
It would have been neat if you hung some picture with frames inside of the house to kind of personalize it..
Spoilt much but at least their loved lucky dogs
well... now I need to break the Kreg jig so that I can buy this one.
TOO LATE, DUKE  REMODELED THE INSULATION ALREADY. HE'S A GERMAN SHORT HAIR POINTER. (GSP) FOR SHORT. THANK YOU  GREAT VIDEO
I really like those Woodpecker tools.
Don‘t show this video to other dogs, otherwise they also want to have such a nice home. Very nice.
Oh I think the house looked way better with out that trim on that left face corner of the house 8:25
Hi April, great video. You should have cut out more paws and hung one up for each dog and written thier names on them.
Wood Glue doesn't stick well to painted surfaces, but polyurethane construction adhesive or epoxy do. ;)  If this was going somewhere, where it gets rained on, I would prefer something else for the feet. Maybe pressure treated lumber or something with more resistance like oak or lyptus. More than 10 years ago I build something similar to this to protect a waterpump from weather and light frost. I guess I would do a much nicer job on it today, but it is still ok. On that project I used srews made for roof steel to attach the insulatian. The big washers on those screws can get some hold on that stuff.
Anyone know what gauge nail gun she is using?
I agree: no way you would fit through that door. No way. Don't even try. No April don't! APRIL!!! The video would probably just be hilarious and go viral... 😏
That self adjusting pocket jig is the trick. I use mine so infrequently I have to reread the instructions every time I use it.  The puppies ought to love that house.
You are an inspiration to all of us.
Great job April, it's such a nice cozy space for them! 👍🏻🐾👊🏻
Well loved pups.  Nice build.
i would add a piece of board to the entrance to form a short "tunnel". it will help keep the wind out. we did this on a kennel for our labrador many years ago, quite cozy even in winter. it was also fully double skinnned, but had rockwool  insulation so needed it.
you never cease to amaze me
10 out of 10 dogs apprWoof ! 🐶👍
Nice!!
Muy lindo !!!
Wow this is a great build thanks for sharing
Looks good. Doesn't dogs like windows?
Your babies are infact Soooo lucky to have you as there care giver. Thoughtful, intelligent, loving, able, pretty, sexy, and I could and would sleep in that dog house if I had to. Might need the door being a tad wider. I am 6’ tall weigh 148ish give or take. Anyway doggies are lucky as your parents are as well. The End
Warm Wilker woofers😁 👍 no double glazed window ?
Nice dog house looks great! Merry Christmas! Nice project!!
Excelente trabajo😍😍
The dogs wiil damage the insulation inside with their nails
Nice! ... The insulation on a dog house Is important too, I make a nice one for my dog ;) congrats April!
Ha ha good video I like
Great project !  good job . . . thanks !
And what kind of pizza do the kids like?  Love your videos.  You know we all get a kick out of watching.  Thanks for sharing.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Can you the reference for your pockt jig ? Thanks !
I wonder if I built something like this it could help convince the boss to actually get a dog...
thanks for sharing that it is great!
You do wonderful videos keep up the good work you do a good job
my dogs are going to love there new dog house ty
No windows? Pups can only see outside one at a time?  Great project, not your standard Dog House.
Happy pups!
With an Irish Wolfhound, the dogs insulated dog house is the same as the owners.  :D
Nice Project for nice dogs... greetings from Germany.
When I first saw it on instagram, I thiught it was a small chicken coop, really nice design April!! :)
Because dogs (no everyone) likes hearing things (the paw) banging against the side of the dog house in the wind. Geez?!?
I love it but for me  my doberman is not gonna like it lol shes a big girl now and I made her one when she was a pup but she quickly grew out of it and now sleeps with my german shepherd in his house but she does lay on the roof since its flat and angled down alittle for water to fall down 😂
sorry, but i got to report this video for fake news.   This is NOT  a house...Thats a MANSION....
εμπ1!!!
Dang the dogs have a nicer house than mine!
loved the vid April hope u have a merry Christmas
Woof Woof Brill.
Awesome videon
A dog house for 3 🐶 🐶 🐶 🏡! 👍🏻
39th
Love your videos so much 😘
Nice doggies.
2
Whoop first one
