Useful video, but you are still a prick.
So I'm tryin' to make a Lemon Cake of sorts, and this video was super helpful!! Thank you so much!!
Why is the english subtitles most definitely not english.
Love this! So effective.
Sorry for the elementary question, but is that how you zest a lemon? By simply grating the skin off by microplane?
"Clever" comments show how ignorant you are and the most important thing you have no idea about the magic of cooking. Is ok :) Just remember simple little things always make the difference.
0:09 damn! Fuck you too Jamie!! JK. Lol
If you snip between the segments with a pair of scissors it makes it a lot easier to squeeze and you get a ton of juice I find :)
@ 0:08 did he just give us the finger?
Could you please do a something on making a barbecue fire, it always take me forever and I struggle to judge the temperature when doing different meats and chicken, Thanks again for the videos food tube , I love 'em keep up the good work
Is there a reason I never see chefs using a citrus juicer? I see them squeezing by hand, using tongs, or a fork. I do like the reminder to zest, never realized how flavorful the zest is until I started making pastry.
love these little tips!
Thank you! I love using lemons on a lot of vegetables and fruits. Can't wait to try this at home :)
Hey Jamie, I think the captions in English (United Kingdom) are incorrect. They're not, well, in English but in another language. The rest appears to be ok though. Love your videos!
Wut its a minute and one second
This is nice!!!
He totally gave us a one.finger salute in 0:10  Just saying...
thanks for Russian subtitles!
Where's the English caption? I don't want to use automatic English because the caption makes no sense.
Nice video ***** ! I knew the tip about rolling it but I had never heard of the tip where you zest it! Thanks I will have to give this tip a try.
Really?How to juice a lemon?Really?What's next?How to drink water?
WHY DID YOU USE THIS FINGER, MIDDLE ONE?
I wish i knew that before i bought the lemon and cut it. I needed the extra juice to cure my sore throat.
What is the best way to prepare and use Celeriac, I'm sure I've had it raw in a roast chicken rustic roll and was probably one of the best flavour combinations I've had.
I still like the idea of using a small juicer to juice my lemons.
why would someone unlike this? because its not your method? or what? dont like the accent?
Ahh People Is so stupid   Jamie you're perfect
Great! My hands will smell lemony for the rest of the day! Exactly what I'm looking for, thankssss!!!!
Wow, I must be some kind of genius, since there was never a point somebody had to "pass these basics" on to me. This or the rest of the world is completely oblivious.
When rolling the lemon, are you supposed to apply a bit of pressure as well? Or just roll it around while not pressing down at all?
Can i skip the removing of the lemon skin?. It doesn't seems to make any sense.
***** teach me how to make cereal, is it the milk or cereal first, I like to put the cereal in first.
Great tip, but i have way too many cuts on my figures to do this right now. Just thinking of how it will feel makes me cringe.
0:09 That moment when Jamie flips you the bird
I'm already subscribed to how-to-videos by HowToBasic. I think his are better.
I like how he's flipping us the bird in the beginning.
Zest is brilliant! I never juice a citrus before zesting it off. Anyone ever try meyer lemons? They are off the charts delish! Nice one J.O!
sexy.
How to exaggerate the amount of juice: say something like "Dude, I got like a gallon of juice out of that lemon!"
Hey I leaned how to do that in foods class!
Why not using a lemon press like the circular shaped ones with the grooves? You can also use it to juice oranges.
Always love the one minute tips. So simple, but great to know. :D
Very good Jamie another great initiative! Put videos with tips, very helps make good cooks on great cooks.
What is wrong with all the people leaving negative comments? So you already know the tips, good for you, but you had to learn them at some point. These are great videos for people new to cooking. Personally I knew the tip about rolling lemons to make then softer but I always leave the skin intact and didn't think about peeling it to make it easier to juice so I learnt something useful from this.
Thank you, jaime!
a citrus press or lemon squeezer is the most simple way.
I have been loving this basics series! : ) Thanks!
Russian Hacker showed a much better way recently. Cut it into four sides and squeeze each individually to get maximum juice.
Great tip Jamie, I'm going to give that a try.
Oh come on you guy's comments are getting more and more sour
What a bunch of arrogant people in the comment section. Thank you for making these video's guys, it's these small tips that make life a lot easier. I'm only now learning how to cook and haven't been thought these things. Have to learn it somewhere.
He showed the middle finger in 12second 😂😱
Dont you lose a big amount of juice by catching the pits out of the fruit?
is it ok to roll the lemon if i'm storing part of it for later ?
We need a howtobasic video on this
LIKE!!!THANKS!!!
Squeeze em right Squeeze em tight Get em juices with all ur might
Can you upload a video on how to breathe?
Another good tip is after you squeeze all the juice out, throw the leftover in the microwave, the circus cels will burst (whatever is still there) and you will have even more juice! Trust me, it works wonders!
So much negativity in the comments, i enjoy these short tips about anything in the kitchen.
⌐■_■
can you show me how to buy a lemon?
Love the way he flipped the haters of at 0:08
I just use a fork to squeeze my lemons.
Even if some of these 1 minute tips are common sense for some people, there are still people new to cooking and didn't knew this! I love these 1 minute tips!
I'm amazed at the amount of snarky/sarcastic/rude comments on here. Obviously you guys know how to maximise lemons, so why even bother watching and then commenting?  Anyways -- thanks, Jamie, for the tip. I'm sure there are those of us who needed this. :-)
you can also dip your lime into water, it will make the fruit squeeze even more juice
Why don't you just use a lemon squeezer and save your hands.
I always turn the lime/lemon on a knife to get the pulp out as well.
Tip: don't squeeze the lemon on your hand/fingers if you have cuts! Ouuuuchhh
"8/10, too many lemons" -IGN
I was also taught to microwave the lemon for 10 seconds too.  Don't know if it actually works but its what I was taught to do.....so that's what I do, lol.  I give it a good 'ole roll on the table top too of course.  Lee xx
I learned from sorted food to microwave it for a couple of seconds and it increases the yield.
Что, больше показывать нечего? Еще снимите как в носу ковыряться правильно.
I would think you'd lose a bit of lemon juice with the seed-catching, due to it getting in your skin. Maybe just use a fork and fish out the seeds afterwards?
lol CrazyRussianHacker made a video on this recently
I usually use a fork and twist it inside, removes so much juice and isn't as rigorous as actually squeezing it
Interesting... 😶
I'd actually really wanna know how to crack an egg with one hand
is it safe to store unused lemon for later use in the fridge? I was told it wasn't but I only use bits of lemon for my tea and I wrap the rest with cling film for the next few days
Can I squeeze it and store it for later use? If the answer's yes, how long can I keep it for?
Jamie...  U used to be my chef crush...   Not really anymore...  Conformed to technology and youtube...  Don't get me wrong, your still hot...  But, not as hot as you were when u first started out.
JUST USE A TABLE SPOON
Better tips please. This was like telling someone they need to breath to live.
I need more info, I've almost got it.
That mid fing
Can you do a video "how to boil water"?
I tend to just microwave for a few seconds, it's less work :P
Stab it (on the inside) with a fork and it will be even easier :P
That's not what Crazy Russian Hacker said to do when juicing limes or lemons lol
I found that microwaving it for 30 seconds released the most juice from all the methods I have tried
Why is there a progress bar above the standard YouTube one?
His finger point into the lemon >< LMFAO 00:10- 00:15
fruit
Instructions where unclear...accidently got my lemon pregnant
Next Time Maybe show how to breathe?
I hate his lisp so bad
I thought you were going to put it in the microwave for a few seconds like Rachel Ray did LOL
I love this trick! :) it really does make a difference
Awesome nice one :) very usefull 👌
Cool
