Canadian Arizonan 🎉 heck yeah
Helpin electricnal necsom 7219
❤
terry, have a strange situation. losing power to one leg but no breakers are tripped.   they said the meter base needs to be replaced but they havent looked as waiting for utility company to cut power.  whats strange is, if a 220 circuit is active/being used, there is no cut out issue.  any idea why this is?  thanks!
thankyou its helpfull for me
You’re awesome. Great video, great teacher, super helpful. Thanks so much for your hard work making this 🙏
such a poor explanation. He missed so much....WHY? amp, volts. How does electricity sit on the wire before a load. How E travels. open and closed. why does the wire heat up? so on and so on
I can't hear bro
Thank you for the informative video
nice
Jesus is the only way to healing, restoration and salvation to all souls. Please turn to him and he will change your life, depression into delight, soul heading from hell to heaven all because of what he did on the cross   “Whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved” Romans 10:13
Why would you bond your ground & Neutral in a sub panel? The bonding is to occur at the first means of disconnect.  Additionally, that trunk cable fed into the sub panel should be coming from the exterior distribution panel (where the bonding is to occur.
The electrical panel only has 2 hot wires, 1 neutral, and 1 ground? Aren't houses given 3 phase AC? How is it that there's only 2 hot wires?
One room has lights working, but open neutral,I only charge all outlets still the same, don't know how to go upline to the box to check.
Thank you.
So helpful
thank you for this
Nice presentation
Question; what is the first breaker location in the panel that the power hits? The top left or the top right?
Amamzing what people thinks in electrical , most people call common sence , but oshua says there no such thing as common sence to the uneducated. As if only those without any sence thinks. If only know  that electrical is invisable and dangerous, stay away from all electrical.
Minnesota or Canada?
Mystery it’s simple
Jesus Christ is coming back soon! If you haven't had a personal relationship with god your creator, he's calling you to him and he loves you very much. He died on the cross for our sins, was buried and rose on the third day so we wouldn't be separated from god and experience eternal death (hell) he desires that we know him and be saved so we may not perish but have eternal life. If we repent (turn from our sins) and turn to god believe in Jesus, get baptized in Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of our sins  become born again, filled with his holy spirit and follow him he gives us peace, comfort and joy in the holy spirit and a new life!. He brings hope to the hopeless, Healing to the brokenhearted, freedom to the captives, and can heal you and set you free. He sees everything and knows what you deal with. He's the only way to heaven. There is no other way in which man can be saved. If you die today where would you go?
I suggest you define all the terminology you use as you explain; when one word isn't clearly understood it's hard to follow the rest
how much would this setup cost
At 5:00 you say “neutral bus bar,” but I think it should be “ground bus bar,” even though the two are connected.
Thanks great explanation of why we have high voltage wires and transformers  I never thought about It makes sense
Thanks I never realized that why we had to have high voltage wires  until you explained it .  amps are low when voltage is high . So when voltage is low amps are higher.
Great video.
Terry, what is the difference between a ground and a neutral. Why both?
sorry, i feel a little confused about the terminology. you've called the panel in your video the Main panel. is this not the subpanel? since the combination panel outside is the Main as the meter feeds it directly and has the main shut off there? i feel confused because subpanels don't have the neutrals and grounds connected like shown in your video.   I'm a new student studying Home Inspection with zero experience in electrical, so i'm trying to get supplementary info from youtube videos. I'm also from Canada, so I'm wondering if terminology might be different? any help would be very much appreciated.
An advanced electrician that can explain everything down to the Jeffery Tubes but can't make the sound on YouTube at least stereo...............🤔
A great teacher is someone who can take the  complex and reduce it to its simplest form.
What's the penalty for breaking Ohms law?
I thought they were in R-lund.
3:14 is it me or did the mic picked up interference every time he touched the box?
Fantastic. Had to filter thru so many videos to find this.
Can you explain why neutral and ground are bonded?  It will create 2 paths for electricity to return on a circuit.  What am I missing?  Thanks
I replaced our  clothes dryer because the heat stopped working. New dryer wasn’t getting warm. THEN noticed the breaker was tripped. Replaced breaker. And IT trips. This all happened after the water heater had sprung a leak, just on the other side of the wall. I’ve decided the outlet is to blame do to moisture, causing ground fault or whatever, Is this possible ?
Thank you Terry, I appreciate you taking the time to make these.
you should not be showing the average joe internal electrical panel stuff.
May Yahuah self existing creator mighty one of Abraham Isaac and Jacob bless you and yours  HallaluYah!
Where is part 2 to this video
I feel like I learned just enough to kill myself.
H j m bknokp
so wjhen are amps added?  I assume amps are added by means of resistance correct? does the transformer have resistance or the home circuit panel.. Sorry if dumb question in my 2nd week of 101
wow very nice information  thank you
Terry,...your series of videos is necessary and important for homeowners like me. I want to thank you for sharing your professional ideas. - Greetings from NYC. (Muchas gracias..!)
Thanks Terry
can you put a brake 25 or 30 to a 10 cable electricity  ?
thank you for the video. I was worry why there are neutral and ground wires to my bus bar.. Now I know it is safe.
He failed to mention the proper important terms of the "electrical boxes" The outside electrical box is called the "Main panel" and the electrical box inside the house is called a "Sub Panel" the two panels uses different wiring schemes in most cases. - Missing simple important information like these is obvious you should not follow a single word what this person is talking about. You'll get confused and mess up your mains electrical power and probably kill your self due to electrical shock.
After 4 years we understand. Come up with something new!
Beautiful
Does anybody know why when I check my wall sockets with a multi meter I get 120 V then I checked the ground and I get .2 V on some outlets some outlets I even get a few volts. Can anybody chime in please thank you
If the ground and neutral wires are connected in the box, aren't they connected throughout the home then? Why have a ground bar and a neutral bar in the box if they are connected anyway? Please and thank you!!
liked and sub'd nice vid
Not sure why i always thought it was 110 V and 220 V?
Cool home bruv hahaha! Great vid by the way
My 240 a/c appears to have power when my 240 breaker is off...any idea why?
Thank you,thank you men I have been searching for a good information like to this
Ay
Subscribed on your first words
A bit overwhelming but very informative!
I really want to learn about this.  Thank you for taking the time to share your knowledge and show what you are talking about.
Is there a way to get electricity directly from the telephone pole or the wire that heads to your panel without it going through the meter
The panel you are showing is a sub panel, you have it wired as a main panel.  The main panel isn't defined as the first breaker panel inside your house. A main panel (or service entrance panel) is simply a panelboard that contains the main service disconnect for a property. That panel is located outside your house as shown in this video.
Is it safe to replace a circuit breaker (same type) with a different brand?
Good video. Please use insulation gloves even if you are showing from a demonstrative circuit. People are stupid and they might have skipped that part and they might think that it's okay to touch these electrical components.
The boards are getting too complicated, for DIY enthusiasts unless you have. My safety switch was not correctly wired by an electrician, I could have had a fire or easily have been electrocuted. They are just too complex these days, My meter is just too complex fo me to play with. My local authorities also regard it as Illegal for a non qualified person to play with it.
quick question; will this be country specific? as in will this only be applicable to the US, or will it also be applicable to European countries and what not.
I really enjoyed your video. Great job!
That looked like a main panel outside, so the panel inside should be a sub panel were all your neutrals and grounds are separated... What am I missing here?
Novice here......why did I see white wires going to both the neutral and the ground bus bars at point 7:11 when I thought you said they must be separated?
Best wishes. Thanks for sharing, Lord-Jesus-Christ com
I am an electrical engineer who worked his way through college as an electrician. Now I sit in the Sun in the Philippines with a cool glass of pineapple juice and an entire bunch of bananas (LOVE bananas!) with my wrist watch long lost. At least i think its lost, I just have not looked for it for about 18 months. So I am sitting here bored out of my mind, and it occurred to me. There are many very capable homeowners out there who could very effectively do their own work, if they just had a qualified person looking over their shoulder! So BING! a light went off in my head. (If I were a plumber it would have been a sprinkler head going 'SPLASH'!) Would you like to have a live electrician in your pocket to ask questions whenever you needed answers as you were working? (Residential only please!)  I am here! And we can communicate directly live via Skype with your phone! Plus I will donate the first hour to help you replace that light socket, panel breaker, or whatever.    Problem solving is one of the most difficult issues with electrical, and having an experienced trouble shooter can save you hundreds of dollars and lots of time! After that, I will ask for a $20 per hour advice charge so I can buy more bananas and coconuts and Off bug repellent! No credit cards please. This will be a 100% trust you to fire me off any money using Western Union, or even a DHS letter with a money order. If you feel I did not help you, don't send me anything. Better then a work warranty. Zero gamble on your part.   I am very passionate about safety though. If I get the impression you are doing things that are not safe, I will drop you like a hot potato! (Notice my strong American food reference?) email me and lets get you in motion! dragmit5000@gmail.com
I don't install any breaker box with a back fed main breaker. It can lead to a disaster. I only use panels in which the main breaker is solidly bolted onto the busses such as the Siemens and square D panels. Over time the tension of the clips in the main breaker loosens causing a point of resistance. Thus they heat up and burn the bus tabs onto which the main breaker is plugged.
Confusing. Didnt understand nothing
My left ear was educated today.
Excellent!!!!
Thank you for the video but you didn’t explain the very basics of why are there four wires, red, black, white and green and the function of each. It would be nice to know.
How to check the circuit panel box itself has a power leaked and had power.
No offense intended sir this is just a question but are you intentionally covering your accent? If not I would enjoy a short, natural accented video. Youre very informative and thank you for educating me with this video!
99% percent of homes don't have an outside panel.
The explanation of the electrical system is great! The only thing is putting your  hands and fingers on the panels and their components. Thats is making me nervous. Do-it-yourselves may do the same thing not knowing that the boxes are energized.  It would be better to use a wood pointer or a pen-pointer. Thanks for your time and effort to upload your Vds.
Does it matter in 15 circuit and 20 circuit which side of breaker it goes on?
Terry that was the BEST !!!  I really appreciate your very thorough yet concise presentation .. im going to continue with the rest of them
http://www.threelly.com/ With Threelly AI; YouTubers, Educators, Governments or Corporations can now extend their YouTube capabilities; getting a brand new, unique and distinctive way to standout from the crowd, WOW subscribers, learn quicker, discover new insights, search deep into their videos; thus making any YouTube Channel - more FUN, RELEVANT and ENGAGING for viewers.
Thank You!
It’s not duct under the ground, it’s conduit. Duct work is what your AC blows through, conduit is how electrical lines are run.
Wow, very instructive. I'm always looking to learn new things and your video helped me understand the basics of how power works, which is helpful not only to me as someone who lives in an average house but also as a filmmaker. You'd be surprised how much I need to know about power and electricity in this field (:
I live in Indiana. I have a main breaker outside next to the meter. But nothing else. The lines come in and feed a breaker box. Is the box inside considered a sub panel since the main breaker is outside?
If its a 3ph panel with 100A main breaker does it mean it can hold 100A each leg or 100A total in all phase?
Thanks Terry. Where is the switch you turn off in case of an electrical fire?
Thank you, this is informative and simple. I do hope that you were recording and touching the panel while it was disconnected from the power source. You should always include safety, such as, don't remove the panel cover unless the power is disconnected.
I had only me left ear peace in so I was like wtf is my phone mute 😭
This panel does not have the grounds separated from the neutral bar. YOU MUST REMOVE THE NEUTRAL BAR THAT JOINS  THE TWO BARS TOGETHER .
Very clear. Very helpful.
Nice video sir
I first thought you made a mistake about the panel inside the house. I thought it was a sub panel, but I re-watched the video and you said those lines where being fed from the meter directly to it, so yes this would be a main panel. If it where a sub panel the ground and neutral would have to be separate, which you also touched on. Good video.
I’m a diy er and was wondering if I can install a 30 or 50 amp 240 volt exterior outlet on the side of my house to connect a air compressor or does it have to be installed inside the house.  Thanks
Good thanks m teacher
You American electricians have to learn a lot from European electricians, your electrical systems are outrageous and they would not pass the approval of the European electrical standards. You remained in the 1960s as a construction of electrical systems. My eyes like the cook Gordon Ramsey of Hell's Kitchen horrified to see certain dishes, the same for me to see your electrical installations.
The sound to video isn't working.
If one leg is dead or open can it cause feedback through the 240 volt breakers ? Thanks and enjoy and learn much from your videos .
You had me pegged in the first 30 seconds. I want to learn about my home's electrical system. Seems I need to look through your videos. Not sure I'm ready to understand the panel.
Thanks so much I am from India it's little different here thanks once again
Thank you for the great video. I thought higher the voltage higher the amps? Can you explain please.. You said higher the voltage lower amps? Im trying to learn.. Thanks again
Sorry  dude  i just  can't  watch this  video.  First of all the  panel  behind  you is way  over your head  .the nec says the  main  breaker  should be  not higher than  6 foot.  Unless  you're in a  flood  plain. Number 2 the wiring  behind you  is kinda  weird.  It looks like  some  wires are  not  stapled to  code. Like  6 to 8 inches  from the box.  According to  my city.  But should  be at least  12 inches.  As per nec. Code. Sorry  dude  i have to go  on.  Only  saw 10 seconds.
Terry, does the regulation allow to to drill a thru hole in the main outdoor breaker box to my garage on the other side of the wall? I need to install Wi-Fi antenna for the monitoring system. Breaker box acts as a Faraday cage and I really don't want to drill holes outside panel leaving antenna exposed. So, I'm going to drill a hole thru metal case straight to my garage, just wanna check if I'm not violating any codes.
Hi Terry, where can a person go to get a good education in this field in the Phoenix area ?  Any suggestions ?
Is this means we can use up to 200ax220v=44kw?
Hey Terry. Really like your Videos. Thank you very much. I think this should be the first video in a general overview of the whole house and looking at your channel you have already made all videos. I had to stop Youtubes' Autoplay from taking me to another channel. I don't know if you have any control here. But a thought out playlist, and or a link to said playlist would be appreciated and I think get you would get views from people who are genuinely interested in the subject.
Is the neutral conductor hot and or cold? (Can it be both?)  Or is it simply called neutral.
Glad I found this channel, thank you.
correct me if im wrong, so the voltage/current that is inside our house is DC? because he said from generator(AC) the current goes to TRU(AC change to DC step down), then go inside the box in our house?
"bonding" is not "earthing".  they are two separate things.
good detailed information thanks for sharing your knowledge your videos help out a lot especially for the beginners in the electrical field
you're not explaining any of the terminology so I don't follow anything you say. btw I have a masters degree in science.
please move 3 whites on left to right side, keep grounds unique and separate
You should have mentioned this is describing a typical North American home electrical setup.  People that use 230V overseas will not benefits much from this.
I feel like calling yourself the internet electrician is not a compliment
You could at least explain what the difference and purpose of the neutral and ground wires are, you're kinda explaining only advanced things beginners won't know
How can I by pass the meter? hahahhaha
That's a Sub Panel!! Not A Main Panel!!
Duct Work?? You mean Conduit!!
At the big store where I work we use floor scrubbing machines-got 4 of them with onboard chargers.  Each machine has 4 12v car batteries.   Two 120v wall outlets have caught fire in the charging area-burns on the wall and melting the plastic and wiring. Any number of flammable things nearby.  From what I've found out it was because two machines were plugged into the same outlet.  The electrician came and replaced the two outlets.  Now store management has put up a sign saying 'only one machine can be plugged into an outlet. I've had some electrical training and work experience.  I don't understand this.  How can you overload these outlets without tripping a breaker?  How can this condition even exist legally?  Shouldn't each outlet have it's own circuit to prevent this?  These are common duplex 120v outlets but they must not be separated with separate circuits.   Now they just put tape over one of the duplex outlets.
My right ear is jealous and wants to assassinate my left ear.
To make a connection to be able to use my dryer machine. I need a 4 wire cable is that what is called??
Terry I like your vest.  where did you buy this?
I liked your Video..I learned something.. I will subscribe to your channel..If you can, Could you subscribe to mine channel..The Video "Changing an Electrical Outlet with USB  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KHTDyyN7cE  Thanks for sharing
Nice video Terry. I'd like work as an electrician in USA or Canada with you. I'm Brazilian and I'm work here in a power plant with steel making at CSN ( Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional). I'm an Electronics technician  here. I have a great knowledge in electric project too. In this moment I have a family, my wife and my baby Vitor. But my country doesn't have many opportunities for my professional growth. So, it's a dream to work out of here. I have passport too. Please, tell me how can I do it. What's the first step? Could you help me? Thanks a lot.
Great simplistic explanation! I’m definitely using this video to show to my DIY Shop students! Thank you, Terry!
Please tell me why don't you americans don't use RCD in the panel  to protect the people. Here in Brazil it is mondatory to use RCD.
actually that's really weird you have a main panel with multiple circuits, then going inside to another one inside with similar setup, thats weird
weird that the panel is outside, open to the elements, thats NOT a great idea, may be up to code, but NOT a great idea
why you wearing a stab proof vest ?
Or just call your local electrician, so you do jack anything up for blow yourself up lol.
Useless.  I just wanted to know the markings on the switches.  Mine are color codes and I have not idea why.  Clear understanding NOT.
Hi.. I am electrician, I know house Waring and DB work. ac, refrigerator, water pump, fan repair work. You need technician call me. I am from Bangladesh. Bhajonkumardas321@gmail.com 00971551650130
Why ya be looping ya switch legs
I'm an apprentice electrician. Just found your channel and subscribed. Thanks for sharing, definitely going to check out all your videos !
Thank you sir for this video
Is a wedding ring next to the bus a good idea?
"now you''ll see transformers about every fourth or fifth home", where? in DC(Edison's) systems?
terry's lit, thanks man!
Wow that was so helpful!  Always wanted to know this stuff - Genius!!
Well made video for someone needing a general overview of this subject        make the next one 11 minutes and go into a slightly more detailed summary and maybe run a mach-up layout with some more camra movement or mimic a basic system with some open walls or tieing up a loose end with a hands on approach
my right ear is lonely.
Seems to be what I was looking for, but no audio for some reason
In 2017, it would really be good if you recorded your presentation in 1080p, so that the picture is not blurry. Thanks.
Ive seen you canadiens use the service loops before boxes.  But is that legal in the u.s.?   Nec says 8 or12" from the box right?   Doesn't that count wire length?
My left ear now can fix eletrical issues. Thanks!
Experience of actual electrical work comes shining through here. Very impressive.
What country is this for
how volts comes in to the house?
You're amazing in explaining!!
Many charts on the Internet give a 220 circuit double available amps, which is not true. Just because you have…2-15 amp breakers, it is not a 30amp circuit. Voltage yes 220-volts. Polarity yes load no????  EXAMPLE: 2 times 1800 ==3600 amp circuit??? How?? You can only draw 1800 amps from a 15-amp circuit, right? HELP?
i tested my breaker in the panel with a multimeter and got 121 volts then i tested the outlet and got121 volts but when i put a load on it the outlet stopped working but the breaker did not trip , whats your thought on that?
I question whether do it your selfers should be watching this...I've been taught by electricians on things....220 volts are nothing to  be played with...PLEASE hire a PROFESIONAL
Maybe it's a good video, but I have no patience of hearing it only on the left ear, dissapointed
Good info but the noise? If you can't get a new mic, at least dump the fuzzy interference from the right channel before posting. Thanks
thanks for wonderful video! but i had a question, what is the difference between a neutral and a ground wire?
Is this for the United States or Canada? Just want to make sure I'm watching what applies to my situation.
Excellent video. Very informative. Thanks.
dafuqs this guy wearing bullet proof vest??
The audio device on this video is not working.
Hi Terry. Ben here.  Just stumbled across this video.  From an electrical inspector's point of view, it looks like you know what you're talking about. ;)
HMMM
HI PETER A QUICK QUESTION. I HAVE SPLIT KITCHEN RECEPTICAL ON MY HOUSE. HOW CAN I GFI PROTECT. THANKS
Terry according to NEC what is the height of the electrical panel from the floor to the top? residential
New homeowner here, newly built house in Southern California area, good video for someone like me who never had the opportunity or reason to  know any of this. Thank you Terry, I'm in what seems to me to be an intimidating position having to learn everything about everything and your video makes things clear..after multiple viewings :) Subscribed and following along the best I can.
Thanks! very informative. My left ear really enjoyed this video
WOW!, thanks for this informative and  instructional video
I always call the hot bus bar the backbone. My boss hates when I do that, scolds me everytime. But for the most part it really does function like a back bone. Its where the current is distributed, like nerves on a spine. If it is broken, everything below the break stops functioning, like a spine. It even looks like a spine. Customers also understand it better when I call it the backbone vs the hot bus, while explaining to them whats causing the problem, because the hot bus bar doesn't look like a bar.  I hope some day I can ascend to the point where I can officially rename the hot bus, the backbone. That is my goal in life.
I want to install a subpanel my main panel is 125 amp 20 space. The new subpanel comes with 100 amp main breaker. What should all the main breakers be?All 3 main breakers 100amp?
it wood be nice if all houses came with a electrical schematic of the system.
So can't wire rcbo on this board
Cheers for the Video clip! Sorry for butting in, I would love your opinion. Have you tried - Proutklarton Energy Miracle Plan (do a google search)? It is a good one off guide for cutting your electric bill by 75 percent or less minus the hard work. Ive heard some amazing things about it and my old buddy Taylor after many years got cool success with it.
great video, finally some one who can teach..   thanks a million ,keep the videos coming
like
Terry -  I built my own dual-axis solar tracker energy system, utilizing a transfer switch to my main service panel (proper city permits and installation city approved).  Sold that house & system, bought another.  I want to avoid the complexity of a transfer switch and its complex wiring by going directly to the service panel this time.  I will purchase and install an interlock switch that will lock out the 200A main when needed.  I will insert a 240vac CB into the top slot of L1 and energize it with a source (generator, solar, battery bank, pure sine wave inverters - etc).  My question is: will that ONE 240vac CB energize both L1 and L2?  It seems it will, given that it touches both.If not, can I accomplish what I want by putting an additional 240vac CB at the top of L2 and energize both of those top CBs with my energy source (obviously, within the power output capability of that energy source).  The point to this exercise is to provide energy to all CBs below the one or two I have energized.  I do NOT intend to have them ALL turned on at the same time and will select only those needed for the function at hand...always within the ranges of my energy source(s).  Any advice on this would be greatly appreciated.  John
As an Apprentice I find your videos simple and informative.  Give thanks
hi sir  can i replace 230v minutero of stairs to 125v ?
Thank you for taking the time to make these videos I thought I would start the vids at the beginning and  I am glad I did.  great to learn about ground/earth and neutral bond together in upper distribution panel and separate lower half!!.   why is that is the question?
THANKS  GREAT WORK
Very nicely done, I do have a question but it is late tonight. I will send it tomorrow. Thanks...
