Nice
Muito bom, obrigada por ensinar, muito esclarecedor
Очень красиво. И очень полезно. Спасибо. Возвращаюсь и возвращаюсь к Вашим видео. Великолепные портреты. Даже просто смотреть - огромное удовольствие ! Я уже рисовала портрет с помощью Ваших видео . И хочу попробовать снова.
Thank you this was very helpful! ❤
Ow wow, ur brush handling is so precise. I just need better water control. Lol, thank you for the detailed tutorial. It's so seamless looks very digital  Indeed.
What would be the equivalent of that skin tone pill you name in another brand?
Danke schoenmien Thank you very much for taking time to make this video for us. This was the season of mal content for me. Flesh tones! An absolute challenge. Then I found your vids. In all earnest I must say I gravitate towards painting/drawing women. I grew up in the Virgin Islands. Naked and unafraid is the Island way. I am not squeamish about nudity. That being said, I love how unbiased you are towards both sexes. Either way, weather seeing your male characters or your female characters my jaw drops. I was an accomplished graphite artist stuck in neutral for 10 years. My muse committed graphite suicide. As of this moment, I am experiencing a galactic level event horizon that would make Carl Sagan flip in his grave. ALL of my Princess Liea, Mara Jade, Daemon Hunter Yoko.......all will be revisited and reissued to the world. and in German(translated for convenience.) Vielen Dank, dass Sie sich die Zeit genommen haben, dieses Video für uns zu erstellen. Dies war die Saison der Mal-Content für mich. Hauttöne! Eine absolute Herausforderung. Dann habe ich deine Videos gefunden. Ganz im Ernst muss ich sagen, dass ich mich zum Malen/Zeichnen von Frauen hingezogen fühle. Ich bin auf den Jungferninseln aufgewachsen. Nackt und unerschrocken ist der Weg der Insel. Ich bin nicht zimperlich, wenn es um Nacktheit geht. Abgesehen davon finde ich es toll, wie unvoreingenommen Sie beiden Geschlechtern gegenüber sind. So oder so, wenn ich deine männlichen oder weiblichen Charaktere sehe, fällt mir die Kinnlade herunter. Ich war ein versierter Graphitkünstler, der 10 Jahre lang im Neutralen steckte. Meine Muse hat Graphit-Selbstmord begangen. Ab diesem Moment Ich erlebe einen Ereignishorizont auf galaktischer Ebene, der Carl Sagan in seinem Grab zum Umdrehen bringen würde. ALLE meine Prinzessin Liea, Mara Jade, Daemon Hunter Yoko ... alle werden überarbeitet und der Welt neu aufgelegt.
Would love a tutorial on really dark skintones.
Uuuuf me sirve un montón esto. Gracias
Did this man really just fake a depth of field with WATERCOLOR.....
Just started watching the video and is that Chloe??
Your work is amazing. I learned a tonne from this video. The colour wheel  for skin tone shadows was an eye opener. Also loved seeing the Noctis painting. One day I hope to paint him walking down the stairs with his weapons flying round him. Totally a cliche picture but I love it. I'm quite a ways from being able to draw that though. Top lesson learned from this is patience...let it all dry. So happy to have found your channel.
Oh my word!! you are extremely talented!!!
that was sooo helpful. thank you🙏
Soy seguidora de tu canal , me gustaría que pusieras subtítulos en español para poder aprender mucho más contigo .ESPECTACULAR TU PINTURA.
Omg yasssh thank you! This vid really helped me a lot!  And plus: you’re cute hshshshs  anyway thanky for super helpful skintone vid tutorial!
So smooth! Love it! Also I love the little blonde hair popping up in the corner lol
i was going to stop using watercolor because of skin tone now i am back thx Laovaan🥰
Wow nice bruh
Спасибо!!!!! Супер учитель!!!!!
I love your chloe picture! She's my favorite character
Omg thank you. This has been the most comprehensible tutorial on skin that I've seen. I've been having the most troublesome time with making skin look smooth.
when i am too impatient to wait for it to dry or I add too much water ( a common occurrence for me) I use a paper towel to fix it up. If it needs to be really dry at that point i just wait
Beautiful work! Very helpful with great tips. I appreciated that you keep the reference photo up too. Thank you for sharing!
Looks computerised 😱
bonjour Laovaan,  Je trouve vos portraits magnifiques et je m'entraine tous les jours en regardant vos tutos, cela m'aide beaucoup, j'ai été graphiste et illustratrice pendant 40 ans d'abord à la main puis sur mac et je rêvais de faire de l'aquarelle depuis toujours mais sans me douter de la difficulté de cette pratique ....J'ai failli tout abandonner plusieurs fois mais finalement je m'accroche en espérant arriver à un résultat pas trop lamentable... En tout cas bravo pour votre travail.... J'adore..... Brigitte
Great 👍🏻
Great 👍🏻
Amazing! Will Montval be able to hold that many washes though?🥺🥺🥺
Although this is three years old, I would still like to say... superb. Thank you  for what is an excellent tutorial.
POR FIN un tutorial simple, claro, profundo, completo y con una realización audiovisual inteligente! Felicitaciones y gracias. Te estaré siguiendo
Hold up is that chloe price? (I keep getting Life is Strange stuff now because I just played the gamee)
Is this  Chloe from life is strange???
Do a lot of these recommends apply to gouache since there are a lot of similarities with the two mediums?
*wait the paper is also important?*
I wanna be like you! 😍
Thank you
This is amazing.  Awesome work.
Спасибо ! Круто !
Thank you senpai 😊
You are brilliant! One of my very favourite artists all time! Keep up the awesome work you make the world better!
Great I like it , you explain very good 😍😍👍
Just found your page and absolutely BEAUTIFUL work Laovaan!!💖🥰
Only. Wow.
Now this man is a real artist! So amazing how this is coming together!!!
What an absolute awesome painting. I have never painted in watercolour before, not even one brushstroke, I can draw pretty good and do graphite portraits and have been asked regularly to do colour ones. After seeing this tutorial I am going to start watercolour from the very beginning ie; mixing skin tones so a very big thank you to you for setting me off. I look forward to seeing more of your tutorials.
Meee encantaaaas!! Lastima que no endiendo nada nada de ingles u.u pero aun así me encanta ver el video una y otra vez. 😍
Came for Chloe Price, stayed for the awesome info.
U should do more videos with yo face ❤
Impressive
Darrie Callie in watercolor and boy version??😲 Also can you paint alice in resident evil?? Please
So very beautiful
Does this work with watercolor pencils?
I honestly didn’t know watercolor paintings could be this smoothe.... I am blown away this is beautiful!
ive always thought you were asian
Ameture looking for a new hobby
Éste video no tiene subtitulos en español 😔
I love how you describe every detail! So generous with the information. I love your channel. 💓
Such talent! I learned so much in such a short time. Thank you so much. Your work is amazing!
Can you please make another tutorial about painting skin?
Ohhhhhh, it makes sense now, that's why there's white watercolour hmmmm. Lots of people discourage the use of it but I'm glad there's a use for it now. Thanks!
Коротко и ясно. Спасибо!
How do you draw lips? I can’t draw them so I just draw lines because I can’t figure I’d put [insert mildly sad face]
Dude those are some paintings you showed.......Damn!!!!!!
Very helpful!
Oh my god thank you for your insightful tutorials. I just discovered your channel and you've given me the courage to try this medium out. I am so subscribeing to you. Again thanks.
So far that's been the best explained tutorial I've seen on creating smooth transitions for painting the face.  It looks so ethereal.   So excited to learn this.  I'm really hoping I will be able to be patient enough to do this all in pure watercolor.
Can you please show these paintings in real time?
DUDEE LIKE HOWWW?!!?
So many layers of paints. I can't believe adding more water didn't pull up the first layer of paint.
so no texture paper is cold press?
Thank you! This is very informative and simple without taking away from the beauty of your work.
What's an acrylic foundation?
I am kind of confused because some people say u shouldnt use white in watercolour.
Step 1 :have skill
What kind of water is he using?
Gracias por enseñar, viejo. Fino!
This is the best tutorial on water colors ever.
Great Tutorial! Thanks for sharing!
THANKYOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!
Please do more tutorials like this one.
Great instruction. Thank you
Great tutorial, i ve just published a timelapse on my technique, but learned a lot from you. thanks.
Oh deer Life is strange Hella cool
Thank you so much for this tutorial...it is the best tutorial on skin coloring I've watched!
holy shiet u paint it so smoothhhh
What an excellent video. Pleas do more exactly like this. Maybe explain colors even more. Would you make a video taking us step by step how to make the color wheel.? Even I add a beginner can see how important that color wheel is to choosing colors. Thank you again for such a good lesson.
i always thought that if you wet an area hat already had watercolour, you'd smudge it, and ruin it... heck im dumb :,)
Fantastic. I was completely stuck until I watched your tutorial. Now I am able to move forward once again. Thank you so much.
Thank you. Your video was very helpful.  What brush did you use?
When layering, do you just layer the same base color twice before the base color and shadow colors meet?
Thank you - very helpful!
I've been obsessed with your work recently. and your teaching is I would say one of the best on youtube
Thank you, is great 👍😄
Best tutorial I’ve watched yet thank youuuu
Wow thank you so much for this Tutorial! Really well explained and entertaining on top!  Love your art. It's Amazing. Btw you look soooo cute at the end when you're not sure where to look at >w<
You made it look so easy. ❤️. I haven’t done much with watercolor since they are my “fear” medium, but maybe one day I’ll overcome it and give a try.
Hey Lao, if I were to use the Winsor & Newton Cotman Watercolor, which colour would you recommend me to use as the base skin tone like Naples Yellow in the video?
bro... have you done a video on how to do hair? sorry i'm a late subscriber
Классно!
Awesome! I love it💜
Could you pls make a video on how u draw faces and heads?
AWE! CHLOE!
Your art is SO *AMAZING*💕💕💕
*bold*
Ok so I need to change my paper. Thats an easy fix (maybe)
I like your videos.
I love life is strange!
CHLOE PRICE
Did anyone come just for chloe but stayed for the art?
Amazing...! This has helped me TONS!! :D You are SO nice to share this... *thumbs up*
OwO how about rachel amber? :3
I just realized that he looks like Francis from Reign. Lol.
Tolles Tutorial. Grüße aus Deutschland :)
Absolutely awesome thank you so much ❤️
How did u made the blurred background
How is it that the watercolor doesn’t reactívate when you put a new layer of water????!?!?!
This is really interesting
Omg he looks like ryland
How do you prevent the water from disturbing previous layers when rewetting the paper?
When you are working on the eyes would you consider doing a close up shot so we can see even more details...thanks!
Meu deus eu amo esse cara.
Amazing great video
I am amazed at how realistic and gorgeous this is.
I've worked in several other mediums but I'm just now dabbling in watercolor painting. This was very helpful! Thanks!
I love how you watercolor flowers.  Can you please do a video on flowers
You, sir, are a legend.
So you use Naples Yellow or Naples Yellow Deep?
What watercolors do you use ?????? You are soooooo good at painting 😍😍😍
My auto play skipped this but then i went back and say chole and starting clicking so fast it rewind time
Thank you for a very detailed and easy to understand video. How about medium and really dark skintones? I'd like to see how to do those.
Oh my God I tried out your tips and just painted the smoothest, most realistic looking skin I have every achieved with watercolors. This is the most helpful tutorial I have ever watched; my technique has been forever changed and I will now proceed to never paint skin another way again. Thank you so, so much.
Thank you for your tutorials ! They are so helpful (specially for who can’t afford for a graphic tablets) ! You draw incredibly good and I really love your artwork ! And I might fall in love with your voice, thought.
This helps so much, thankyou! You’re so blessed!
OMG thank you so much for this !!!!!
This was the best "how to colour skin with watercolour" tutorial I've ever watched! It helped me a lot to understand where I was mistaken and what should I do to achieve my goals. The only sad part is that hot pressed papers are more expensive. Haha xD I'll practice a lot to one day be good at watercolour. <3 Thank you so much!
you literally teach me something new everytime I watch you
Wow o_o
Wow, here’s a New fan of You and Your paintings
Thank you so much. This tutotial was exactly the one I've been looking for: how to achieve realistic looking skincolour in watercolour. Amazing video, learned a lot👍☺ 😃
Life is strange, yes! !!!!! ♥♥♥
Beautifully done!
I don't understand those who always dislike!!! What do you want to like??😐😐😐
I know.it's so late.but please can you color uchiha sasuke from naruto
that's Chloe from life is strange
How to draw faces
Beautiful job
Ur paintings looks just so.... Magical!
I looove your work, you are amazing..very talented and a good teacher...Thank you so much!! :* God bless you!!
Amazing!
YESS I LOVE LIFE IS STRANGE
Awesome video! Great tips!
i wish i can drew a realistic illustration like him...
The best tutorials, thanks!
I've been learning from you. This is pretty great. One day I hope I'm as great as you. This is awesome
This video is sooo good. :)
This is beautiful but I think it might just be a little too perfect, so much so that it almost looks like a digitally drawn piece. For which props to you, you're incredibly skilled. But I personally think this piece fails to capture the beautiful aesthetic of watercolors itself, the imperfection and unpredictability of it. You know what I mean? Great piece regardless.
I finally found the tutorial I needed thank you
Life Is Strange！ It's very beautiful！
Your skin tones are one of my favorites. This was so helpful, as watercolor is my favorite medium and I would love to have my skins as smooth as yours
youre really an excellent teacher. I've never liked working with watercolor...your lessons have explained why...:) Thank you. 
Your art is awesome!! Also noone cares about how you or your nose looks. Just be you man cuz you're amazing. Your art has proved you to be better than most people and your talent is amazing. Don't care about what ppl think about your nose.
I clicked because of Chloe. No other reasons.
This is what I needed. This entire time I would just add skin color and then right after I would add my blush and shadows and more often than not I would get bad blooms and hard edges... Thank you so much for making this video!
Aaaaaaamaaaaziiing!! Thank you so much! I admire your work since the beginning and it's wonderful how you can explain your process so clearly and naturally.....I remember there was a translator in some of your videos or subtitles....you seriously had a gigantic talent!!! With her strength is my all time favorite. Thanks again and please keep sharing video like this because they are precious. 💜
So ein fein gemaltes Aquarell sehe ich zum ersten Mal! Megaklasse!
I'd love for you to watercolour me 😍😘
What paper would you recommend for the smooth texture i want to try the digital art style. And also I was wondering if you knew of good paints that dont granulate
CHLOE <3
When you first showed this noctis drawing in this video I nearly fell of my bed because THIS IS SO PRETTY I HAVEN'T SEEN SUCH A GOOD WATERCOLOR PAINTING THAT LOOKS SO SMOOTH LIKE ALL YOUR DRAWINGS LOOK SO SMOOTH THEY ARE PERFECT
Would mix media work for this kind of watercolor?
Awesome!!!!
Super helpful.  Thank you
Thanks !
who are girlss in the drawings? She looks familiar. It is a game I plaued but I can't remeber it. It has the word Strange.
Chloe price
Thank you for doing this, I am very happy! It helped me a lot! :''DDD
You are so cute xD
HOOOOW?!?!
chloe from life is strange yaaaaay
You are a true inspiration! Amazing talent. I really appreciate you doing this! Thank you! 🖤
When I saw the Katniss Everdeen painting, I was like «W-Whaaaaat?!»
can't remember how I ended up here but omg, watercolor god
Спасибо большое! Ты очень помог!
Lovely video tutorial, thank you! What pigment number is the red, brown, and naples yellow reddish?
She looks like Chloe from life is strange
I'm sure most of the comments don't know exactly who she is, so, she is Chloe, from Life is Strange a game I recommend.
Was that Katniss Everdeen?! Probably not tbh. Never mind
CHLOE
I saw Chloe and Max. I don’t even play Life Is Strange.
Love your work💜
Incredible ! Thank you!
I saw Chloe and then I saw Max and I nearly had a stroke, mostly because I’m a huge fan of LIS
what colors should I use?
I want to know how to paint Japanese Asian skin tones.
Great video, really inspires me to explore more my art possibilities, thanks
Chloe price?  I see max Caulfield in the background
*L I F E  I S  S T R A N G E*
Thank you so much I learned so much for your tutorial, I have been using your layering technique for skin tones and my skins are so much more luminous. Love your channel ❤️
CHLOEE <3
This is the best tutorial I’ve come across so far! Thank you so much!
youre amazing
Great tutorial
Omg your FKA Twigs portrait is beautiful
You answered all my questions except for one, how long do I wait for the paint to dry?
Incredible.   Thank you for sharing your process, that is very generous of you!  You have the most perfect watercolors so again, thank you.  I didn't even realize you had tutorials about your process.   I feel like I have learned some key things that I have been missing. after watching this video i finally will give my first try at a water color portrait.
My biggest problem when trying watercolours is that I can’t get colours to blend and/or the water on the page will dry up before I’ve even finished a few strokes with my brush. I also can’t seem to stop the page from crimping even with masking tape to hold it down. Is this because of the paper I’m using, the brush, or the watercolours? I don’t really have a lot of money or space for expensive stuff so it’s all very basic at the moment. Should I consider getting better supplies when I can??
Thank you You help me very much and the person did you draw is Chloe Price !😊
Hay de todo menos español ! ._.   Por qué me persigue la desgracia JAJAJAJA   there is everything except Spanish
Cloe is that you?
OMG CHLOE PRICE
Круть!
I just started rewatching life is strange for like the fifth time
I love your Max. Amo tu dibujo de Max
I just really really love the way you edit your videos they're so much fun to watch
Couldn't you just use water to lighten the colour, rather than white? My teacher always told it me it's bad to use white because it makes the colour pasty rather than juicy.
Thank You so much for this, Loved it!! Really helped me to understand the process a lot better.
this is the best water color tutorial i ever watch. u made my day😄
You are so cute and such a sweetheart to share your talent.  I'm 77 and just beginning.  : )
When i color skin it looks messy anf ugly
my man looking like jacksepticeye
I absolutely love you for the progress bar during silence to know when you'll speak again. So many times I've skipped through wanting to hear explanations during tutorials, but having a visible sign to know kept me patient. And thats on top of you answering all my questions as soon as I think of them! Amazing!
subtitulos en español por favor!!
You are ridiculously talented!
* fjwjfkshf * so so so gooooooooooo
CHLOE!!! From life is strange!
As soon as I saw the thumbnail I knew this guy had gud taste.
The painting at 3:51 reminds me of Lee Taeyong every time
What I've been doing wrong this whole time is not letting the skin dry between layers. I could have been a pro this whole time!!
Очень красиво. Кто из России отписывайтесь в комментариях
Thank you!
CHLOE AND MAX!!!
You should do a tutorial on basic anatomy
You are such a generous artist, as well as being skillful and creative! Thank you very much.
im in love with ur work 😍 i make portrait drawings but im gonna start watercolors
what brushes do you use???
Thanks for the super helpful tutorial. How long do you let one layer try?
I looked at a lot of videos on how to properly use watercolor layers and this is the only one that made sense. hahaha Thanks a lot Laovaan. you're so cool. I hope you draw yaoi too, damn. hahaha
Tytuł polski mowa angielska. Jak cudnie :-:
*Chloe* //non-stop heartbreak and flooding tears
This was so helpful because when I use watercolor it was never that smooth
Best watercolor tutorial ever! Thanks for inspiring me.
Really nice
Chloe... WE ALL LOVE CHLOE!!!!!!!!!!
Finally! A great tutorial
Very helpful
How your paint is so soft Why in my draw the border of the water drop is clear when it dry But in your art it's blind
Thank you .... you R the best
This is very helpful :-) Thanks for this tutorial. I realized/learned that I was not patient enough so far with letting the layers dry. Thererfore I strugled more with blending and hash edges. Thanks to you I can improve now :-) Dankeschön für das Tut, wunderbar erklärt und gefilmt! Ich bin dankbar dafür, dass du das alle Schritte so detailiert zeigst und ich erkennen konnte, dass ich mit den Schichten bisher viel zu ungeduldig war :-).
Loved this video....
oml chloe price
Please make a tutorial on painting hair...
How can you paint perfectly?!!??
You're really good. Thanx for the vid!
It may not be correct to say that your paintings and your description are the best on Youtube and perhaps many more locations - but I feel so inclined to say so.
*watches video intently* *glances away for a sec* *painting already done* ?????
they are sooo smooth and soft :o
OMG THIS IS AMAZING
I'd really appreciate your advice on painting thin semiopaque material, such as a veil over hair or a shroud.
He looks like Jacksepticeye lol.
it's look like Chloe from life is strange
This was so interesting to watch as you brought this simple sketch to life! Your work is amazing ~~
this was so helpful thanks!! \(^-^)/
jolie coup de pinceau
Ого. Спасибо большое! Теперь я буду больше знать, как пользоваться акварелью :)
Amaaazing 👌👌👌
CHLOE PRICE
i don't have a white watercolour  but ive found a way to just put not too much but enough water and lightly paint the face, it works good enough. this tutorial helped me out a lot!
I'm a simple girl. I see LIS and I clicked
thank you!
thanks so much <3
bist du deutscher ?😣❤
hallo how many layers do you need before it is a  perfect face ???  Thank you for this video i find it`s helpful
Спасибо огромное за проделанную работу! Это просто шикарный урок!
Du bist so toll! Respekt.  ich lerne gerade mit aquarell zu malen u empfinde das warten zwischen den "schichte" anstrengend. hast du einen Tipp. ..
I love to watch your videos.  I work primarily digital myself, but I love seeing traditional techniques used in new ways.  This one was especially helpful, because when I have used Watercolors, the skin has never come out right.  I think a big part of that was my own lack of knowledge, using the wrong paper and impatience.  Thank you for sharing your stunning art (and face!) with us.  I'm grateful to have your presence here on YouTube.
I would like if you cover hair painting or anatomy like hands legs. Thank you.
i just drew out the line work for my first watercolor picture. I'm here to absorb as much info as I can before starting tomorrow
Thank you. This has helped me so much. I really struggled to understand how to use watercolours and now it all makes sense! Definitely will share! :D :D Please make more like this.
Thank you for sharing your process including explanation of decisions as they are made.  I particularly liked your flesh tone color wheel mixed with your flesh base.  I am going to duplicate it.  I've taken a three years hiatus. Watching videos has refreshed my mental wheels.  I've been asked how I got such smooth skin transitions.  Many watercolor portratists address the issue by painting skin tones in blocks of overlapping color.  Your process most closely resembles my own.  I tend to paint a wet transition with the minimum number of glazes, going to the final tones from the start and rarely 're-working. I'm going to try your method.
Do you dry your work with a heat tool or hair drier or do you just wait it out?
Do you understand Dutch by any chance??
deine wunderschönen Bilder waren eine Inspiration für mich selbst mit Aquarell anzufangen
it is 10:34pm and I'm trying to think if it's butterfly effect or affect     thanks brain
All the waiting for the layers to dry would surely take a very long time? And a hell of a lot of patience!
Chloe!! I love life is strange/watercolors.
I don't get how the paint doesn't move when it's dried doesn't water colour react to water? Also, what kind of pencil did you use, at first I thought charcoal or graphite but then I though water colour pencils. Other than that thus was very helpful.
Thanks a lot sir. It has been a great help. You are the only person who has actually shown with such a detailed explanation on how to paint a portrait.   I would request you to please make separate videos for different types of eyes , nose and lips  and specially how to give a 3D look to our painting e.g. nose coming out of the paper... It will be a great help sir....
Yes what acrylic medium are you referencing for the foundation?
AAAAND ITS MAAAAAAAAX!<3<3     i killed chloe.
ISNT THAT CHLOE FROM LIFE IS STRANGE
Your tutorials are really useful! Thank you so much for sharing!
Gracias
I tried this technique and it did not work at all. As soon as I put water on even after it was dried it lifted and all mixed together, no matter how lighly I touched the surface with my brush. I used professional watercolors and 140 lb paper. I must be missing a step. Are you sealing it in between? Also my pencil sketch smeared into the watercolor too, what do you recommend to fix that issue. What should we use to sketch our drawing for watercolor that won't dissolve?  Thanks!!!!
Sorry but the way you explained it was too complicated
someone paint my skin so it looks smooth like that 😂😂😅
do you wonder trying copics marker to make semi realism girl digital looking? NOW I CHALLENGE YOU
sooo good!!
I was also wondering is that watercolour pencil that you use or which type? thanks :)
I just found your channel and I cannot tell you how grateful I am and how helpful these videos are!  I am very new to watercolour but I am really enjoying working with it. Thanks again!
I know i'm only 14, and i have been pretty good at art, even though i still need to practice a lot :D  But i have been struggling with coloring skin, especially to look realisic with shadow and highlights.  I'm so glad you made this video, so i can finally stop struggling with mistakes i keep making :D
someone know who drew the Reference pic?
how do you make that akrylic foundation water?
Truly remarkable how it comes to life fantastic
vo so dios? espero me entienda pero quiero un tutorial para colorear el pelo y tambien los pinceles que utilizas
I saw Chloe Price and clicked so quickly. I was having a nerdgasm
I have a question what do you use your launchpad and piano for??
my god so inspiring and useful, this video gave me a lot more motivation to learn watercolors +sub
do you have a galaxy background tutorial?
THAT IS ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS!!!! Water color is a medium that I'm way too intimidated to use because of how precise and delicate you have to be. I usually work in acrylic because "eh, if you don't like how something came out, you can paint over it," haha. I may have to reach outside my comfort zone, though, after seeing this. Bravo, good sir! Bravo.
your work is amazing!! thank you so much for this tutorial it helps so much!!
Woah is that Chloe from Life is Strange?
awe-inspiring...
Incredible lesson!!! I love your attitude and love of life!
sub español pls!!! por cierto me encantan tus dibujos y tutorialeees
german accent is gorgeous <3
I love these videos. I think you're truly a great teacher because your voice is so calm and soothing as you go through the steps. It's encouragement without actual words like "You can do it". I've been using watercolour for awhile but I also learn so much from your videos. Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
Hey!  New sub here, just wanted to tell you, I'm totally mesmerized by your work.  Absolutely breathtaking!  Thanks so much for sharing your techniques xx
Gosh, I find it so calming and satisfying to watch these watercolour videos with you explaining in the background.
This is actually really helpful. Thanks so much!
the problem with me and water colour is that I'm too impatient to wait around until everything is dry
Thank you for your videos I have just started so I am a noob but your videos helps me allot
thank you so much!!! so helpful!!!…
CHLOE!!??
Chloe and Max!!!!!!
This was so helpful❤ Thank you for doing this tutorial
Woooooow you are super talented! How long have you've been painting for? Not only was this helpful but really fun just to watch! Big thumbs up👍
god I wish I saw this before I did my gcse
Chloe!!! :D nice tutorial btw
Does this technique also work with copics ? I'm learning how to color with copics and watercolor, I really enjoy your tutorials they help me start somewhere until I develop my own style ^.^
Haha! When I saw few of the miniatures of your videos I had a strange deja vu sensation. I walked by your deviantART account and of course I had this sensation, as I already stumbled on your profile before and had some of your works faved. You, good sir, just earned another subscriber then.
This is an Amazing Video! Thank you
Love it
OMG You're so beautifully awkward at the end!! <3 Btw, I love your videos. They're my go to whenever I feel down or when I'm sick. :)
I found out that alcohol can help to "erase" paint
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much ! this will help me sooooo much ( and I know I am not the only one)  ... I am just wondering... what do you do while you let the paper dry?... just waiting or doing something else.... because I sometimes spoil my drawing because I am too impatient and I don't let it draw enough... - - '
I deeply appreciate and love this tutorial.  I have looked for a skin tone tutorial that changes my perspective.  But I have one question... where did the Master Sword in the background come from?
what do you use to edit your video.. your image is so soft on camera
THANK YOU
Ahhh Life is Strange and Final Fantasy XV!
Ive learned more from your videos about painting than i have from 3 years of art school.
Как же я рада, что есть русские сабы, потому что нормального русского контента на ютубе практически не существует. Спасибо за туториал :зз. Побольше бы видео с сабами и был бы огонь 🔥🔥🔥
wow!!! such an amazing video...thankyou soo much...also please make more tutorials....it will be great if you can talk about color values in water color and making an image from black n white reference just based on right values and experimental colors or natural skin colors ... :)
commendable job. just beautiful technique which needs lots of patience. I just learned so much from this
This is a GREAT educational video for watercolors
gibst du auch kurse? *-*
thank so much for this video👌😭
great tutorial :)
i saw chloe and immediately clicked
Thank you so much, this is amazing and really really helpful.
I love to colour, thanks for tutorial...
Would anyone have a link for the naples yellow/redish watercolour paint at all ? im struggling to find some to purchase?
Wonderful video! Just what I was looking for. You just got a new subscriber!
thanks this helps a lot. I always just do a base of watercolor then at shadows with colorpencils cause I can never get the shadows right with watercolor. I think I'm gonna try this out 😄
You are a master! This video on your technique was superb! Thank you, I learned so much.
You explained this so clearly! Thank you!!
Incredibly useful tutorial! Glad I happened upon your channel. Subscribed!
Thank you for this video. It's fantastic and you are a great teacher. Could you do a video expanding on using acrylic foundation for watercolor?
Great video! You really helped a lot! Could you please do a background tutorial?
"Mission report, December 16th, 1991", is that you? I'm so in love with your instruction video. Tks you.   Well, the name it's just a small joke :"> Forgive me.
You're such an adorable human being
Very good video and awesome work.. thanks!  Liked
could you do a watercolour tutorial hair?
This painting is really amazing  Thank you for this tutorial❤
Thanks a lot for the tutorial...I can't wait for the next one!!!
Is that painting at 3:21 FKA twigs?
super cool ^^ Kommt auch noch eins für Copic Marker? 😊
this is the most helpfull video ever !!!
Omg thank you so much :) I did a face painting recently and now I know the tips for mixing lips in haha mine looked like I stuck it on hah
That was just magical as you brought her to life. Her skin looked touchable!
What affect would it have if I put down the shadows before the highlights? I'd like to know because I want to start using watercolour as soon as
Thank you for russian subtitles <3
Nice tutorial
So helpful thank you!!
Can you draw Sangwoo (Killing Stalking) ?
can you draw Sangwoo (Killing Stalking) please? ?
excellent tutorial. not many give this level of information about their process.
Hello.  How long do you usually let a layer dry before adding a new one?
damn he is fine!the work is perfect! subscribed!
This video helped so much!! Thank you :)
this is the most helpful skin tone tutorial I've seen for watercolor so far! thank you!
Ok you are the reason I might overcome my fears of using colour after 25 years working almost solely with pencils. You are an amazing teacher
膜拜大佬
This is amazing!!!
Can you draw/paint an OC without the help of reference photos?
Fantastic tutorial!! My problem is when I put the second layer of water on dry to unify tones and add the second color, the first layer of color is cleared leaving holes in white Could you tell me why?
Спасибо за русские субтитры
you know , as many years as I've toyed with watercolor never reall fully getting the concept of letting stuff dry and working layers with skin tones. after watching this video I feel I've robbed myself of life's time painting in error an now all of a sudden I .'get it.'
Clicked for Chloe
which pepar use in water color
thank you for your amazingly well presented videos! well done keep up the great work
Thank you so so sooo much for posting this! Smooth skin tones have always been a struggle for me, and watching your process was both informative and interesting. I hope to give your technique a try someday^^ I look forward to seeing more of your work on my feed in the future
hair next!!
do you use digital painting first every time?
i just wandering.. why his channel related to "yaoi watercolour tutorial" :))) any fujoshi and fudanshi overhere?
I like your videos
wow, so very inspiring, I want to go try this technique right meow!
This was very useful, since I'm just starting off with water colors. Thank you so much for making this :D And I love your hair!
I cannot express how helpful this tutorial is for me. Thank you so much for sharing your technique with us!
Lovedd this tutorial! Thank you very much. The graphics you showed earlier on in the video were pretty concise! I didn't think of making a colorwheel for skin tones. I will be watching your channel. Thanks, Laovaan!
Thanks for sharing how you colour your skin tones...can't wait to try your technique.
Chloe ❤
hmm...i wonder, why don´t you just add clear water instead of white to lighten up the skintone? in my experience white pigments in watercolors often kills the luminosity of the Colors and also make it hard to layer over it with darker Colors (for example: shadows) Also, there is the white of the paper, why not using it when it´s possible ;) anyways, great tutorial. love from Munich, Ira
The face alone is too much learning  ^.^ Great video .. thank you very much
What paper do you use?
何言ってんのかわかんないけどとりあえずイケメンなのと画力が神がかってることだけはわかった。
Can you please make a tutorial on how to create a glow using watercolor?
I'm really sorry if I missed it, but why and how is the colour not going away when you put on water again?
My favourite artist doing a video on my biggest problem and explaining it so well that even a toddler could understand. You made my day.
I love your accent so much ♥‿♥ Soooo cute
wont the white color increase the thickness of the color while i draw tranfarent color?
Do you speak german
Here i am like "OMG LIFE IS STRANGE"
Thank you for making tutorial videos. It is very helpful. You are so nice :)
I d like to learn how to do the style like you used in The Arrival piece and also back grounds something I'm terrible at
This was awesome and so so helpful! thank you! If you could do a tutorial on how to do backgrounds too at some point I would be eternally grateful! :D
I from Thailand you are my idon👍 #Sorry for my English🙏
Es gibt keine Tutorials für Edelstein und ich finde das Schade. Ich Frage dich wie du es machen würdest. Wie zum Beispiel Kristalle und Diamanten oder Geode. Wäre cool zu sehen was deine Strategie ist °w° PS.: I think your english is getting better every time! 😊
I loveee how you explain things so effortlessly, I so lovee your stylee
you are great! Thanks for sharing. the flesh color chart is AMAZING!
how do you prevent hard edges that watercolor creates when applying layers? they are annoying!
Hi, I'm new here :) OMG! Your watercolors look just as pictures and digital paintings!! Your work it's stunning, thank you very much for sharing your process, it helps a lot :D Skin and hair/fur are ones of the most dificult things to paint (at least for me)  BTW ' life is strange' one of my favorite games :'D
Thanks fren
when you use pencils are you using watercolor pencils or just very good brand of colored pencils
This was really helpful I watched it many times still wanna watch it more :). I will be happiest person in the world If you keep uploading more tutorials .. plz plz plzzz :) thank you
Please make a tutorial for colouring hair! Im having problems with it 😅
Thank you!! So helpful! Love to watch you work!
😊👍👍👍bravo😉👍👍💗💗💐
i would love to see a video where you explain your process of creating those vibrant splashes of color that you add to some of your portraits. i love your work! you're such an inspiration and my number one favorite artist!
Laovaan the wizard! You can make the most incredible masterpieces! Thank you SOOOOO muuuuuch!
I have a cool fixed basic skinn color. I yust color it darker
how to semi digital?
great  loved watching the skin tones and would love to see more
Do a tutorial on hair next! This video was very informative ❤
Your tutorials are great. There are plentiful tutorials out there on "what's a paintbrush" and then they skip to super complicated because the artist isn't explaining everything. There's a huge gap of "middle level" between those and your tutorials fill them. Thank you so much!
Are you able to apply this tutorial to gouache paint since it's similar to watercolor? If not, can you make a tutorial on the basics of gouache?
Good lesson! Thanks for your work.
laovaan makin' a tutorial on a draw of chloe..... now my life is complete (:
laovaan makin' a tutorial on a draw of chloe..... now my life is complete (:
wow so good
This is a super helpful and well explained watercolor tutorial, Laovaan! :)  Thank you for this! Maybe I'll try it out with the help of your Tutorial by time :D
Thank you so much for make this inspiring video! It's totally help me to getting better! And I love your Sumikko Gurashi collections! I hope you always put them in your video! :D
This is a brilliant tutorial, thank you so much for sharing, it has helped me a lot :)
Watercolouring hair tutorial
где русские???
super tuto, laovaan. I have a little question, when I use the wet on wet technique and let it dry, some imperfections appearing. Do you have some tips to avoid this ?
don't you clip/strech the paper?
hey! mind if i ask if the drawing in 03:16 is of FKA twigs?
I am currently adding more watercolors to my Schmincke pallette after watching this video and have a question :D Which version of white do you use from Schmincke? The Permanent Chinese white or the Titanium Opaque white? I don't know if there's really a big difference between them but thought I should ask xD
just started getting into watercolor and this channel is the best at showing and making it simple to understand. life is strange is my favorite game so I really liked this . thanks subbed :)
This was so easy to understand, you formatted it perfectly!  Guess that comes with being a masterful artist AND teacher.  Thank you so much!!  Your English has improved, too.  Now it's impeccable.  :D  God bless!
WOW this video was brilliant but I feel I may need to watch it more than once! I'm looking forward to watching the whole video for this piece. Loved it 💖💖🇬🇧
my favourite way of colouring skin
That smile at the end omigosh I want to hug you.  Thank you sooo much for this tutorial, I loved it and I can see you've put in so much of hard work into it and just agh YOU'RE ADORABLE
beautiful art💗+life is strange💙=perfect combination
WOW THANK YOU! SUBSCRIBED.
persona 5's protagonist o_o
=w= Now this is what we've been waiting for a lesson~! I hope this reach a million views.
I don't think I'd ever get bored of your art....so sincere...Just beautiful❤️
This looks great, but I guess I don't like how smooth and digital art-like. I like watercolor because of the watercolory feel the paintings tend to have. But I admire your patience; it surprises me to see a digital artist working with a medium like watercolor which is known  not to be very permissive. I did learn some tips from you so thanks a lot. Looking forward to your future videos.
cHLOE JCDNDBFDNNF I LOVE HER
Very helpful.  I want to learn water colors.  I enjoy your videos.
This is so helpful! Thank you!
it´s so amazing n.n
this video couldn't have come at a better time for me. Thank you so very much for your work in teaching such a complex thing in a way that makes it so easy.
Thank you so much Laovaan: this tutorial is incredibly details and well done.
Watching this seemed to help me a lot. And and please cover hair next!!! (°w°)
Yay, Chloe from LIS! Love the Max in the background!
Thank you, thank you, thank you! Thank you so much for this tutorial. 😭
si la persona que subtitulo lee esto....GRACIAS :,) se le aprecia
thank you for this! needed it
丁寧な解説
Love the voice over and getting to see your cuteness! Really awesome video, its making me want to look for my cotmans.
Aww, you are so cute!
Sees beginning of the video Me: uhhhhh Skips like 10 minutes  Me:OMG WHAT THE FCK HAPPENED HES JESUS
this literally remind me the video of different skin tones i record and never post XD
Wow, thank you so much for this tutorial. I have always wanted to try watercolours and now because of you and your amazing work I think I will give it a go :-) Thank you thank you thank you. I love your tutorials.
Awesome video, and absolutely amazing artwork! I'd love to see a sequel specifically on the fine detail areas like eyes and lips if you can since I really struggle there. ^_^;
How about water color for hair please
OMG!! You are amazing....@_@
pretty amazing, you make it look so easy. thankyou for this tutorial :)
👍😃👍
This was amazing🙌 thank you!!!
Please do a video on digital art!
Thank you this was super helpful! :) Could you also do a video about hair coloring??
can you use the same wetting the paper, adding a layer, and letting it dry again and again techinique on coldpress watercolour paper to achieve a similar smooth effect?
Great tutorial. But please consider....you always paint the pupils too small, pupils are more dilated than that, magazines even enlarge them with photoshop  to create illusion of heightened sexual interest, pupils dilate in low light and when sexually aroused which subconsciously makes the image more appealing and beautiful to the viewer
Hi, how long do you wait approximately for the skin to dry before wetting it again? Very nice video by the way 😁
how long did you wait for each layer to dry?
Thaaaaaaaaank youuuuu that really helped me you are great at tutorials
Did he announce the winner of his giveaway?
Maravilloso!!!!! Gracias.
notification squad!!!
love your techniques but also your accent!
Can u do a video on how to color realistic hair with watercolor???
GREAT VIDEO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHARING YOUR EXPERIENCE!
Thank you so much for this!! Also, I love that you're getting on camera more ^^ makes your videos seem more personal~
make a video for landscape watercolor or stil life water color
This tutorial was amazing! You went in depth and explained everything so well, now I feel like I could try it myself. Also, I would love to see a digital tutorial for painting skin.
I really needed this!! THANK YOU
Thank you so much!) This was very interesting and fun) You're amazing 😺😺 Love all your drawing! ^^  I wait your new lessons ;) Luck you ~ Be happy ♡
Oh my gosh this video was SO helpful!! I've been dying to know how you make your skin tones and have been trying to imitate it for a while without much success 😅 Now I feel like its possible to do! Thank you so much! <3   Could you do a video about how to create convincing clothes and folds? :)
Great video
lovely
Waaah! This is amazing. I always struggled with skin tones.. /regardless of using premixed or self-mixed ones. Thanks so much for sharing your art process! Can you tell the name of the paper you're using that has almost no grain?
You're so handsome as always:) SuperMax and Chloe RULE!!!!!
This was really helpful, thank you!   How much time do you wait before adding another layer of water?  I think that's where I'm having issues, I don't think I'm letting the paint dry long enough.
Thank u, Laovaan. Very helpful.
Omg thanks I've always wondered how you are able to achieve such deep and natural skins in your watercolor paintings ! Thanks!
Oh my god Lao, you are the most wonderful human being in the world, I love your videos and they really are an inspiration for me.  I adore you and congratulations to the great talent you have.💖💖
Bei mir klappt dein leider nicht mit dem layering, weil jedesmal wenn ich mit Wasser über die erste Schicht gehe diese sich dann wieder auflöst :(
is it hard to make a dream true
laovaan prodrias poner subtítulos en español para poder seguir tus tutoriales🎨 🙏🙏 buen vídeo sigue así amigo,me gustan muchos tus videos 😉✌
laovaan prodrias poner subtítulos en español para poder seguir tus tutoriales🎨 🙏🙏 buen vídeo sigue así amigo,me gustan muchos tus videos 😉✌
thank you so much for this video
oh wow. that looks amazing! i've been watching a lot of tutorials, tips and trix for watercolor lately since i'm trying to get good at using it, and i've not come across a similar "guide" like this so it was really good to see :)
Hi ..díky za rady like
Hey laovaan I am a beginning artist and I would love someone that can help me with it your videos help but I don't rlly know what I need to do when I grab my brush I would love having contact with you for some tips and help btw your art and videos are amazing keep up this amazing work
hi laovaan i love your videos, this one will be really helpful, oh btw you look like gerard way
AH YES I'VE BEEN LONG AWAITING THIS. So so happy you did this, thank you SO MUCH!
Very nice tutorial ! One of the best i saw
I'm new to water colour and this tutorial gave me a lot of insight.  I've been using color pencil for a while and really wanted to cross over into other medias.  Thank you for doing this :)
_aaaaa im so gay for chloe_  Great video! Thanks for the tips!
If I had had this tutorial a week ago, before I tried to paint skin, I would be a happy person. 😅
thanks so so so so so much  fkr this tutorial;  ; start making my skin chart and experiment !!😭😭😭😍😍😍
this was helpful ! thanks !
Loved this one.
YOU ARE MY GOD !!! THANK YOU SOO MUCH for making this video !! It did help a lot !! 😍😘💘💘💘
I saw that thumbnail and I screamed "CHLOE!"
thank you SOO much for making this video!!!
this is life changing thank you
thank you so much! you're my hero :D
this was WONDERFULLY explained; thank you so much
Thank you for this tutorial but what colours did you mix for a darker skin tone ?
Epona watercolor >w<
Oh my god, i love and hate you so muchhh <3 <3  Now i want to buy watercolor >.< And i don't know why, but you remind me of Kamui (the cosplayer)
But Potter's pink isn't to granulated? I mean, I have it and is so granulated! Or I need to use hot press paper for a flat wash of Potter's pink?
English is not my first language, so sometimes I have a hard time understanding people speak with an accent. But I like your accent and the way you speak. I watched your old videos when you speak German the other day and it reminded me that I wanted to learn German before because I brought a set of manga "only flowers knows" from Amazon's US store, but when I received it, I found out that I don't understand a single word of it. The magic of google translate tells me that those Manga are in German. They are still sitting on my bookshelf after three years and I still don't understand German or the content of the book. T T. Anyway, I only found out about your channel recently. I love your arts and your videos! Thanks for your work. :)
necesitamos sub-titulos en  español😭
Could your please do a tutorial on painting realistic hair with watercolors next. I am really loving this series so far! Thank you for your awesome tutorials :)
i have been waiting for this video :D thank you so much
thank you so much!!
This is my new art porn.
Добавьте русские субтитры, пожалуйста!
I love your watercolour art work It has inspired me a lot.... thank you very much !!
thankyou so much it really helped me xD I made so many progress in my art with ur tutorial xD <3
I suppose you like the purple tinted shadows, because the skin tone you use in lots of your paintings is basically a very light,  unsaturated orange. Purple makes orange look more vivid and vice-versa. I like to work in more layers, the wet-on-wet technique wasn't useful for me so far on my amateur paintings :p Many times I tried to make beautiful gradients like you do, but, oh well, my colors are also amateur.
thank u. just thank u
This was an amazing video! Thank you for making it! 💕  It helped me understand painting skin and shadow vs highlight, plus- your art is amazing and inspires me a lot. So thank you so much! This was gr8 m8
thank you so much for this senseiiiiiii!!
Finally the skin tutorial from Laovaan!! Thank you so much for sharing with us. Its a detail tutorial and very easy to understand.  By the way, I like Echolox's music too. Looking forward for both of your work 😀
what did you used for the covering white? What type of paint is it because I want to make highlights too!
Max & Chloeee
Ich möchte auch so gut sein :/ :'D
I really love your Watercolor paintings of chole from Life is Strange dude!:)😍😍😍
wow  it's beauty
I jumped and almost screamed when I had the notification ! Thank you so much for these explanations, I'm currently sketching my first semi-realistic drawing, and feared I would fail it with watercolors, especially with the skin, and now, I'm gonna be very careful but I won't hesitate to play with the colors and the layers ! Thank you for this !! :D
Thankyou for make this tutorial,It's so useful 💗💗💗
Will you sell that colour wheel?
thank u ❤
That was  fabulous video , thank you so much !
how to colour hair..?
so pretty! bless your art skills T v T)
CHLOE !!!!😍😍😍
yayyy very helpful thank you!!!
Omfg i love your hair XDD It looks so soft tbh
can you work on human anatomy?
That smile in the end :D Thanks for this tutorial, it was very helpful! Your technique is really interesting, I never thought about letting everything dry, wetting it again and then adding the next layer - definitly have to try this :3
Why do u remind me of Gerard way I don't understand
FINALLY!... A SKIN TONE TUTORIAL FROM LAOVAAN!... I have reached heaven
im kind of dissapointed laovaan that you use white/naplesyellow, when you know those are beginner mistakes :/
It was awesome ! Thanks for this video !!!
how to paint/draw the hair plsss😀
Very Nice!
It was very interesting, I will try your method ! Thanks !
u r the best
Thank you for this wonderful tutorial!!!
chloe!!
Oh god, so many layers I should try it, i usually just add the basic color skin + shadows xD
wow Thank you for making this inspirative video ♡ Beautiful artwork , this will help me alot in mixing skin tones! Awesome!
This is sooo helpful thank u 😊
You're SO CUTEEEE 可爱 >w<
is 300gms paper strong enough?
pls more manga tutorial also could I copy your drawing
I will worship this tutorial
u r the best but when r u announcing the give away
high five from Hungary! I like your arts ❤
We've added English subtitles for the whole video this time! You can even let YouTube translate them to your own language! Click the little gear icon (where you would choose a video quality), select Subtitles and then Auto-Translate. Try it out! :) EDIT: Русские субтитры доступны! Dostępne są polskie napisy!!
Habe nur darauf gewartet.. Ich habe voll die Probleme Haut zu malen.  Vielen Dank :3
what a cutie plushie you have behind you❤
Is BEAUTIFUL,  good work bro very very nice greetings!
notification squad!
first comment ^-^ and hiiii
I really got asked a lot about mixing skin tones, so I hope I could help some of you understand my thought process ^-^ I will be working on more tutorials video soon. Give me suggestions on what you want to see covered next :)  Also don't forget to check out the Basic Watercolor Tutorial >u< https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZy-nrpjmS0
