Your rock garden ROCKS!!!!!
Hey Steve! Your video did not say what kind of tarp or fabric you put in before the sand went in. I was hoping to get some guidance on if there is a better quality I should use.
Would you say it's easier if the dirt is wet before digging?? How deep did you dig?
"Designed by Wifey" - I think we've all been there!
So stupid...a dubstep rock garden. Lame
Beautifully done.
Designed by wifey lol so cute👏🏽
Greta job! Love it. Have a ? Did ya leave those concrete blocks around the edge in there? Or did ya remove them when before you put all the River Rock inside ?  Seems like those center blocks are a great idea . I may use those for extra stability and lay them on the side and fill the center holes of the concrete blocks with different colored rocks . Great vid
If you don't like this guys stlye you need to go back to "how to be a man school"! Thnx brother strong work!
is that liner in the bottom necessary? I'm looking to do something similar, but I'm worried about it retaining water.
Annoying music !!!!
398,447 boom. Wifey should be proud of u. U are so funny I couldn’t get enough of this video. God Bless the USA.
May i ask what is the black plastic for?
Yes!
Steve... you made a great rock garden!... It is interesting that you have no plants actually in the rocks, and you put the weed barrier down under... I like that idea... I have been searching for ideas for a small rock garden... All rocks and a few choice potted plants seems like a very low-maintenance way to go... Thanks for your video...
Fuck yea Steve
You talked too much
Your rock garden rocks . simple yet beautiful 👌
Thank you for sharing this is perfect and very instructional , what I was looking for , can't for spring/ summer to build my own! :)
Nice
Very nice sir.
Yes..i like it!!
Steve, you're one "wild and crazy guy" my friend!  Thanks for motivating me to get out there and count each one of my rocks!!!  Lol
Very good
Hi Steve, I have a 'rock' garden in the corner of my house, as you step off the deck, to the left, I have a medium sized fountain, a concrete bench, and a large vessel to hold a running plant, and pots of flowers. I have pea and larger gravel with a couple of large pieces of slate. My late husband built a pergola over it a few years ago and it looks really nice. I have lots of little frogs and geckos, birds and cats that drink from the fountain at times. What do you do to control any vegetation that comes up through the rocks? Years ago, we put down the black barrier junk under the rocks to prevent weeds. I'll have you know that the next DAY there were weeds popping up! Anyway, I'm looking for a safe weed killer for the wild life. The weeds that do pop up are easy to pull up by the roots, but I don't want to have to do that!
When you’re a man like him, wife tell them what to do ..
Steve, you are my new hero 🙌🏻
Steve, newbie here I've dug up all the plants now I have dirt and some weeds. Do you recommend me put the sand right on that? Help! Thank you!
Handpicked 398,447 rocks? ;) I enjoyed your 'garden story' it had a grrreat foundation!
Ahhh Steve is my name too! You rock Steve!
Great video, in my opinion would have been better without the music.
I went from eating 2 bags of sour patch kids, to home alone scary stories, to making a rock garden video...im not sure if i should be concerned with myself right now.
Thanks.
Steve, I love your rock garden. I had a dead evergreen tree cut down in front yard which left a big stump. Already a mound there but I built dirt up around the stump to make it even. Planted some ivy on the mound but at a loss where to place the rocks. That's when I googled it and saw your video. I won't b doing all that heavy work...I'm an older woman...but your video still inspired me! Thanks,!!!
Wow that EDM music really makes this landscape video 😑
You will have weeds growing
Nice job that big slate would have made a lovely water feature.
Could do without the music.  I'd rather hear what you have to say without straining to hear you.
how deep did you go, and how many inches of sub base did you use? i want something similar, zero maintenance! was the sand really just to lay the edging on?
:p Nice rock garden!  Great job Steve
I like the way how you show your patriotism. Not American born but gotta respect those who love their country.
Love it.   IMO better without the plants
Love
It almost looks like a grave...
I like your voice, it's unique/masculine but if you get hit in the balls you get really high pitched.
Looks so awesome wow !!!! Thanks for the video you rock ! Lol no pun intended ! Hahahahaha looks so awesome man!
Really cool!!  ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ
Wow, looks great !..
Your back yard is as large as my apartment balcony
Hey Steve, what type of garden fabric did you use?? Everything I had use in the pass, the weeds come thru 😣
like your style Mr. Steve.  Looking good
god bless trump
Love this Steve.  Thank you for sharing.
I'm just going to spray everything with Round Up to kill all living things and put rocks over it.
Steve, great job man.  I got some great ideas built off your terrific design.  Thanks for your video.
I like your narrative.  Design by wife, labor by me. The center piece is heavy as hell, but when you’re a man like me, rock is nothing.
Epic lol
What about drainage? I have a narrow strip of dirt/weeds between the fence and a flattened out rock bed, so it's pretty shallow. Will digging out the dirt and filling with sand and rock help guide the water?
Love this video, thanks for sharing
How much was total cost?
"I handpicked every rock" That just cracked me up......LOL. Great spirit and so nice with that little cozy corner.
You're joking about handpicking those rocks aren't you?  You were just out there shoveling away right?
Good
Love.
This was a great video and you did a beautiful rock garden!
I love the garden! I have a few questions though. .did you treat your soil with anything for the weeds? If so what chemicals did you use, or how was it done? And...did u leave those cinder blocks in place and simply covered them with landscaping rocks that you stacked up in the beginning of the video?
only thing I miss are the rockplants
You are awesome!
Thanks for the video. It looks really nice. That's what I want. So tired of the upkeep with mulching. What state and city is Blue Max? That is a really good price for the rocks.
Very nice!
Nut Bar
*I will really have to rate this program for their services well done. To be sincere, they have done a great job and I am very pleased with their result. They are the best and I will keep saying it again and over again. In case you have such problem with the landscape of your home, you can hope on them There are no regrets and a sure 100% guarantee. Try them today!   [Details Here==https://plus.google.com/u/1/110086446704524205338/posts/HrzGjo6aFKc ] *
thank you*****5
I am so isnpired!!!
Simple and awesome dude
Steve Rocks!
That was cool. I'm going to less grass type areas because my neighbors feel the need to mow my lawn for me when I'm at work. As Hank Hill says, "you don't mess with a man's lawn."
Cool video, I appreciate your effort.  Shit music.
thats wrong!! i counted 398,451 stones.
oh my god u counted the rocks? Wow! I bet you are going to vote for The Donald too!
How do you keep weeds or grass growing through? My experience with weed mats is that they aren't a 100% solution.
such a helpful video, this mama is doing her rock project by herself, should be done in a few weeks if I continue to work at least an hour a day
love this  it looks great
wow this is exactly what i have in mind... and its not too hard as a single mom lol i think i can manage even if takes me the whole year
wow this is exactly what i have in mind... and its not too hard as a single mom lol i think i can manage even if takes me the whole year
GOD BLESS YOU !
awesome vid! really loved the detail  I'm just confirming.,. the first step is to excavate, then lay the sand, and then finally lay the stone/rocks?
Simple é bonito.
thanks now I have an idea of how to do my front yard.
Kool job dude!
Great video. Helpful for what I'm trying out for the first time. Did you not need to lay weedmat?
Looks pretty crappy, Steve LOL....
God bless you too Steve!
God Bless..
Steve God bless you.♡
Frisking awesome brother!!!! Way to be picky about each rock!! Lol
I love my rock garden just because I use to have mulch,  but the cats kept doing their business in it. So decided on a rock bed and it has kept the cats and smell away!
alright Steve!
nice job thankful its permanent.
Great idea for a lot of homes in southern California.   That and a bed full of small succulents.
Awesome vid sir, For a man like you it Ain't nothing!!!!! God bless America!
That's cool how you could pick your own rocks. $5/bag sounds super reasonable-meow.
Ha HA HA !! loved it Steve ! God bless You!!
Cool video, cool dude!
great simple positive attitude. thank you for sharing this
STEVE IS AMERICA. GOD BLESS STEVE. AND HIS ROCKS.
Hey Steve, great job! I wish my husband could do all that work too !  we have got our flower beds completely cleaned, removed all the shrubs, flowers, plants, weeds, we want to grow ever green(dont dry in winters, we r in NJ) plants/shrubs/a few small trees there which dont need much water either and i want to replaces mulch with different types stones in a nice design in our front, 1 side n backyard.  QUESTION 1- so here u put the garden fabric under pebbles as there were no plants what do we do after planting the plants we need to leave room for/around plants so they get water.  QUESTION 2 Another question garden fabric will be eaten out by insects after a few years, can we put some other thing? thats remains like that for 6/7 years at least? or better forever. Thanks!
Thanks for sharing the project!
simply love it ...every single rock you hand chose ..loved that part ....you aced it for sure ...thanks for sharing :)
how much cost you to do that garden?
Wow nice, why not add compost with those top layer of stones and start adding some alpines too brighten it further with all year round colour
Looks awesome!!!
did you use those cinder blocks to hold the sand and plastic down while working and then remove befor you put the rock in?
nice job i did similiar one but a long garden with rocks
Thank you, not only did you teach me, but made me laugh! God bless!
Nice!
seriously ? with that money more things could have been done than just piling rocks hehe
cool
It is a very nice looking rock garden.
Steve, because you're " picky", your job looks fantastic! Now,,  go find something else to do!!
It's amazing what you can come up with, especially if you let you imagination loos. Fantastic what you can find sometimes just laying around - Great Video
I just love it! Do you have any more ideas for a center piece that I can use?
Hey man, your video was exactly what I needed to see to start my project. Much appreciated dude, you did a great job!
I need to do the exact thing for a back patio, about five times the size of that. Unfortunately, here in south texas the grass doesn't grow well so I wasn't too make the side yard maintenance free. This will help especially being in a college town (where rich folks buy their kids homes). Since I have grass to clear, I assume by manually rooting it, I'd it kosher to just pour sand in onto the dirt? Our should I lay down that black tarp stuff? Was that plastic tarp??
That is awesome!  I have a space just like that I'm trying to design.  I live in DFW TX and REALLY wish there was a place like Blue Max around here!  Rocks are expensive!  That tall piece of slate is beautiful!  I've never seen anything like it.  Did you get that from Blue Max too?
Lol!  Love the flag blowing strong and proud in the background.
I thought I was the only person crazy enough to hand pick each rock!!
Great Steve - you're a funny guy, thanks.
That look's great Steve. I'd like to build my mother one next spring.
Now that is somthing I can use Thanks steve
Thank you as always. Maybe the wife will put a tomato plant in a pot there.
I'm definitely not for hire for landscaping. You know, I wear so many logos in the hopes of capturing a sponsor. Maybe I've been doing it wrong.
Nice job.  Are you for hire? Also, isn't it a conflict of interest to wear Nike and Under Armour apparel together?  No wonder you don't have a sponsor.
Nice man, well done.  That's a pretty cool rock place, I like that idea.  Good work, it sure did make the patio look great!  :)  Wayne
