I bought the Mocccamaster Techivorm with the thermal carafe a couple of weeks ago. When I brewed the first pot of coffee, I was pleased to discover the balanced taste of the coffee. I use the burr grinder to grind coffee beans for each brew. I look forward to brewing a perfect cup of coffee each morning. I recommend the Moccamaster to coffee lovers!
Woao,so professional,and to the point. You are the Man, bro!
I have one of these. The brew basket shut off switch is the weak point - it started leaking a short while after purchase and still drips when shut. BTW, I've never found any difference between the white and brown filters. It's generally well made, but the handle on the carafe feels a bit flimsy.
Just bought one and my basket doesn't have brew selection
He cute
I thought it was 7 scoops of coffee for 10 cups.
Makes great coffee. Glass carafe is a joke. Literally  just threw my one year old machine in the bin!
Insert Filter Add Coffee grounds Add water Flip Switch On -Your Welcome
My Moccamaster broke within 3 months (the float switch stopped working). I sent it back for repair. It took 1.5 weeks for them to respond to my email request and 2 weeks, once shipped, to get my machine back so 3.5 weeks without a working machine total. I do live in Florida and they are in Seattle I believe, but still. After 2 weeks of normal use it broke again; same issue. This time, after another 3.5-week transaction, they replaced the machine. It is working fine now but sucks that their customer service seems to lack any sort of urgency with fulfilling repair requests. 1.5 weeks to respond to an email is extremely unprofessional. And the money you'll spend at a coffee shop while going 3.5 weeks without a coffee machine, if you drink coffee daily, adds up. I even asked, since they were replacing my machine anyway, if I could change the color. They said no and wouldn't budge. Then I wanted to just receive my money back. They said no. They just didn't really seem to care about the inconvenience this caused which was disheartening.
No timer setting on this coffee maker?
I think the drip shaft is to short ✌️👍
Good presentation. Thanks
Wilfa brand is better!
Great video, and the presenter did an *excellent* job.
Yeahhhhhh you made it too complicated, maybe I wont get a coffee machine.
Thank you very much. Awesomely informative video. Very useful.
I just picked up the one he is using at a thrift store new in the box for $8.00 what a deal after seeing what you guys paid for it, all I wanted was a simple cup of coffee I guess I got the Cadillac of coffee makers
When you want to brew 2-4 cups of coffee, you should use more than 1 scoop per 2 cups (recommended by the manufacturer Technivorm). And set the basket in the closed position. Open it when the water level has dropped by a 2 cup level indication.  Oh... and always rinse the paper filter. The Moccamaster is awesome. Lasts a lifetime. And if it's broken, it's easy to repair.
I am considering buying this machine. I watched another video of the Technivorm rep making coffee, and he recommended 7 scoops of coffee per pot.
My pot comes today, so happy. We have not been able to fine a pot that makes a good cup. The quality of our favorite company is not the same as the old pot. This will be our 4th replacement. I'm very hopeful. Great video.
Is this the brushed silver or polished silver or Matt silver? :-)
There are basically *6 pages of usable information in the manual* for this machine (excluding pages with  just parts/pictures) - you provided almost no correct information in this video according to those 6 pages.  I"m baffled that you would go through the hassle of making a video without reading the manufacturer's instructions for use...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQCU36pkH7c
Aren't you supposed to wet your filter before brewing? And I thought the two heat plate settings were for if you're going to use cream/milk or not. High if you are, low if you're drinking it black.
I bought a Technivorm in Jan 2015 and  to this day (Oct 2018) It has been producing Perfect coffee. I purchased thesmall version which is perfect for my needs and I'm glad I purchased the Thermal Carafe. I would definitely recommend  this product. I have no links to he company.
No schedule on and off? No descaling program button?
Very interested in buying, why one machine over the other? Thanks.
OMG THANK YOU
Descaling instructions directly from Technivorm website:Moccamaster brewers should last a lifetime, when cleaned and descaled properly! As with all coffee brewers, your Moccamaster should be descaled (removal of calcium/lime deposits-buildup) and cleaned (removing water residue/coffee oils) in order to maintain proper performance and great tasting coffee.For descaling and cleaning your brewer we recommend Urnex brands:Full Circle Descaler,  Full Circle CleanerUrnex Dezcal Descaler,  Urnex Cleancaf CleanerOther brands may harm the copper boiling element, potentially resulting in an unpleasant metallic after-taste.  We don’t recommend vinegar, because it rarely descales sufficiently and may leave an after-taste.Moccamaster recommends you clean and descale your brewer every 100 brew cycles. This can be easily remembered when you buy a box of 100ct filters.
Thanks great video
I found an answer to my question about the water being left, so it is good to know about this:  I quote:  Moccamaster doesn’t use pumps to push the water through, it’s the natural process for this type of brewing system. Therefore, it is normal to have a few ounces of water remain in the boiling element. This is fine if you brew every few days. If you brew every week or two, we recommend emptying the remaining small amount of water by removing the parts and turning your brewer upside down over the sink.
I watched several videos about this product and yours is the best.  I was very confused when I opened the box and found these weird parts.  The company should include your video!!  I like the way you explained everything. However, this video was made in 2010 and I think they changed things.  My brew basket  does not have a way to change for the amount of cups. It does not seem to matter.  However, afterwards, I noticed water is left in the machine and I have to dump it out. I wonder if this is normal.
I just bought this amazing machine!!! At first I thought I was being silly to pay so much, but wow!!! Yes, a huge difference in taste. Money is worth it for something I use every single day.
sadly, coffee brewed this way will never be as tasty as espresso latte.
I want this
15 times expensive than my rival coffee machine........is it 15 times better ?
Can I make only TWO cups with the Technivorm ??????
Thanks mate. We have one of these at the office, now I'm the coffee master.
Great video.
what else?
Good informative video What would be the reason to recommend white filters as oppose to non-bleached?
How do you know what the perfect grind is?
Nice machine however, what is the perfect grind of coffee?  Fine, drip or what?
Actually in the Technivorm manual it states to NOT use Vinegar because it can leave an after taste and does not clean as well as Urnex Dezcal which is what Technivorm recommends for cleaning their coffee makers.
He's fucking GAY!
just got one of these. looks like a coffee lab on my counter. i agree with an earlier comment that the plastic parts really cheapen it's aesthetic. For the price point a consumer should be able to expect less plastic. oh yeah, makes a good cup.
This is such a device for people with too much money. It's a $300 coffee maker and it doesn't have simple settings like delay brew or auto clean. For Christ sake you have to even manually flip it between 3 settings for how much coffee you're brewing. If I'm spending this much on a coffee maker there should be a digital button to press, or even better it should auto detect the size. This machine has less features than my Mr Coffee, it's got 2 buttons and costs 10 TIMES as much! Technivorm is laughing all the way to the bank! That "golden cup" is them pissing in your coffee and calling it a luxury.  Coffee is hot water through beans, yeah you can tweak the elements and alter the taste slightly, but the average joe can't tell the difference. But I guess that's the point isn't it, people who buy this like to believe their connoisseurs.. well drink up ;)
Wow, Technivorm at WS!  That's awesome...  Definitely one of the best home coffee makers out there...
"stratifications of strength"  - nice!  Great review -- excellent presentation!
A fantastic machine!  We love selling them and our customers love the 5 year warranty, the colours and the thermal jug.  It is great for Sundays when you are reading the paper and don't want to get up from the table for another cuppa.
I have recently purchased this machine in the thermal version.  Very easy to make and looks cool on the counter.  Big problem though.  Coffee directly from pot is tepid.  I would be pushed to even call it warm.  This is Immediately after brewing.  Is the coffee in the glass pot hotter?  I am going to have to return this unit.
Thanks for a very informative video. I've just ordered my own Moccamaster and I can't wait to taste my first golden cup experience.
I'm cooking "Black Forbidden Rice" in mine right now.     The one on the left. Makes the price look a tad more attractive.   Dont it.
Never heard any one claim 5-6 minutes is not the optimal time.   Only gripe...all plastic parts should be replaced with glass, metal or ceramic.  Mine needs the on/off switched possibly replaced. 3 months after I began using it the on/off switch began sometimes sticking. Wouldn't stay at the ON position unless I pressed the switch to the ON position 2 or 3 times. Other days it was good. Requiring only one press.  Other than that...brews great coffee. Like the simple design.
5 to 6 minutes is too slow.  Bunn is the best with a 3 minute brew (never ever bitter).  It is the fastest drip I've seen though.
Thanks! We just moved to Finland and this coffee maker came with our house.  Having an overview is great! Next the stove, the microwave.... :-)
What only 5 scoops (around 50grams) for 40oz ?   I would use at least 7-8 scoops.
Have one.. love it.. never fails to make the perfect cup.
European technology!
Thanks for that informative video. Just order an Moccamaster. Can't wait to brew me some perfect coffee:)
