So sparkling water for crema!  Many thanks!
اصلا خوب نبود
I have a Musa pot like yours and it fell over and the handle broke.  Where can I find a replacement handle?  I've repaired it the best I could, but I'd really like a new one.  Any suggestions?  Thanks!  Oh, I use 2" round filter paper in both the top and bottom of my coffee 'puck' to keep things a bit cleaner.
Hi My part which is exactly like this one has stopped working there is nothing coming out of the spout and a lot of steam coming out of the valve at the side can you help me to fix it please?
That Casio he's wearing is God Tier.
Moka pot is not a true espresso. It's strong like one but also like drip coffee. Not sure why Americans are buying off brand moka pots when Bialetti is not only the original but they're not expensive either. You'd rather support a moka pot made in China instead if Italy? 🤦‍♂️
This video should be remade showing a better technique. Don't use a moka pot like this. See other more recent videos for a better technique.
I have this same 10 cup Guido Bergna coffee maker, I cannot find a replacement gasket. Is there replacement gasket you could recommend that would fit this model.  I know it is no longer made but there must be a replacement out there.
Very informative! Thank you
Is it unhealthy to make coffee with an aluminum mokapot? *
I use my Bialetti (sp?) moca pot to make 'regular' coffee all the time by only filling the basket about half way. Turns out great.
Thank you
Finally a stovetop demo lol! You’ve sold me!!
Hello,  I have the Bonvivo intenca stovetop espresso maker 100ml.  Currently my coffee is coming out too diluted/weak and watery. Don't know why.  How should I prepare the coffee so it comes out as thick / strong espresso?  Do I pack the ground coffee in the basket?  Medium heat?  Thankyou.
Its realy long time having conversations with lovely lady like this.. who acknowledges every bit . Giggles ... Smile.. 😁. Corona has killed those good old day of being human...  Simple treasures of life.
I was doing half way as it was only for me..
thank you. never knew about turning it off once it starts gurgling.
It's called Moka Pot it's an Italian original espresso maker.☕ 👊😎👎
what one are you making the espresso in?   do you have links where we can buy these?
Could you please give me name of the first high volume espresso maker? You forgot to link or mention! Where can I get this please?
Hey! I have one of these!
Good test 👌 I am using chikamagaluru coffee.            "hunkal heights" Brand very nice
Not BAR pressure but steam pressure DOES SHE EVEN KNOW WHAT BAR STANDS FOR? So you think that at 9 bar it is espresso but at 1.5 bar it is not?
A person will receive more AL from a Tim’s than from a lot of coffee made in a aluminum Moka pot.
"any coffee will do" "ANY COFFEE WILL DO" Clearly you are not snobby enough to teach me how to make coffee. I prefer true authentic coffee snobbery in my coffee making video's!  - ok Actually I did learn what I was doing wrong when using my Pezzetti (see snobbery) I may have over filled the water, under filled the "any coffee will do" and I did not "Cut the Heat off" - it was a mess - 2 thumbs up 👍🏻👍🏻
Im not sure this guy is from "Seattle" if he gonna "Cut the Heat off".  Not a west coast term or nomenclature
Thank you for asking so many questions, I was going to buy one and was so confused. GG
Thank u man ur video really helpful
Very helpful, thank you for this video
The moka pot is brilliant for adding cardamom; get some really fresh cardamom pods (slightly sticky seeds), crack them and distribute the seeds in the coffee. Great flavour.
If you want a smaller amount you get a smaller pot
I have this model.  Love it!
What size is that moka pot?  300 or 450ml?
I have a large stainless bialetti and it makes pretty much the same kind of quality coffee even if I only fill it half - you remarked in the video that you should not do that. As long as I hit 70 gr / l, it works just fine.
No one explains how the moka pot actually works. I've watched many videos.
"Not bar-pressure" 😆 might it be peer pressure then?
Mine is 6 cup Venus stainless steel  on the outside but the inside its anodized with some kind off Metal can you tell me what they use on the inside. ??? Mine was purchased from Fred Meyer's  Full price.  I thought since it was stainless steel it wouldn't rust. But it did after the third time. So now I believe I have to dry it every time. Also when I lift the lid it burns my finger with a drip of hot water down the handle. And definitely turn the burner off after I hear gurgling. Thank you for that pointer. My husband has had his old fashion one for 20 years. No problems.  I've always use this name brand.
So, can you please tell which coffee pot were you using?  Not the Ilsa ...
Please send this woman away. Far, far away.
i found one of these in a garage sale for $2 and had no idea how to use it lol.
What is this guy talking about before you had bars of pressure you had stove top espresso machines first. which would mean that the stove top espresso machine is one of the truest form of making espresso what is this guy talking about. That's like saying an electric vehicle it's the truest form of driving instead of a gas powered vehicle. And he says it's not the truest form. But at the same time he says it's the way he does it at home. Why he doesn't like to Expresso.
The girl is so annoying,,
The person behind the camera is usually supposed to be... silent
Bar pressure vs. Steam pressure lol
Very informative video for a novice like me. Thank you.
Thank you for doing the video!
Holy shit! She talks so dam much
To the camera operator. You have a habit of sucking your teeth.
Your water should be Below the  safety valve
Wish you'd shared links for each of the models you showed. I didn't catch the name of the one that frothed the milk.
Hmm hmm...OK OK OK. We don't need to hear those constant interjections.
"...Gritty nature of French press"... Isn't that a question of grind and technique?
What size bialetti Moka should I get to be as close as getting a cup of espresso? Shall I get a 1 cup or a 2 cup?
I start every day the same way.  Lavazza Crema e Gusto in a moka pot.
Another omission in this video is the heat setting and also the time it takes for the coffee to start filling the upper chamber.
Hi I have a small bialetti the original design and I love my little coffee maker. Would you do a video using one you showed us that will froth the milk up as well. Cheers!
my FaV' coffee making vid of all time!  when i was looking to buy my first moka pot i watched dozens of YouTube vids and this was the first that actually showed a FiLTER GASKET!  until i saw this vid i never really knew wat a filter gasket was:)  Thank u and  kudos to Seattle Coffee Gear :)
and my stove top is the one shown here lol
lol. not under pressure huh? that's why they install a pressure relief valve. that's amusing. dude, I got a "real" express machine, and a stove top, and honestly, there is little difference between. I often prefer my stove top.
Always use filtered water for best flavor.
She needs to shut up.
HHHAAAAA "Chrome plated" thats funny. When you get these brand new, you can see the aluminum rub off onto your finger. If it were plated then that wouldnt happen. You need to clean your moka pot thoroughly before use, i used the course side of a sponge to clean mine several times and it did a pretty good job but then you need to  make several cups of coffee before it completely stops leeching aluminum from the pot.
its not true that if u dont fill with coffe to full it will not work :) you can fill 1/2 and it will work just fine
Next time try this. I have a stove top espresso maker too, and I'm happy with how it brews coffee, but if you really want to get the full coffee flavor along with all the notes then do this. Prep the coffee maker as if you are going to brew a full pitcher, then turn it up to high heat but watch that it doesn't brew really fast, let the pitcher fill up slowly by adjusting the heat. let it fill just a little under the middle of the pitcher and take it off the heat and pour out the coffee in a cup. You now have an espresso that has all the notes of the coffee and is not watered down.
Nearly 12 minutes for what could be done in 2 minutes!
There's a secret to using these kinds of pots that you don't mention.  A downside of this process is that you always run the danger of "cooking" the coffee.  The secret is to fill the bottom part with just-boiled water.  That way, the coffee on the hotplate will then begin to brew almost immediately.
What is the moka pot at the 6:08 time mark? Thanks
Too think I thought my family was making Espresso all these years.
If it's not true espresso, what were Italians drinking before electricity and espresso machines were invented? S'posedly, stovetop makers are found in 90% of Italians homes.
ahh... the idiocy of North American humor.  Economize words (idiocy flavored) and get to the-nuts-and-bolts.  New Gail videos r a step up.  Thank you.
This may have already been mentioned, but he forgot a significant instruction, in that, you DO NOT tamp the grind in the basket at all, NEVER. Level it with your finger..done! Very important!
What did you call the trivet on which you set the hot pot? A rocket something?
Thanks, SCG & Rade, for this excellent video! Are replacement gaskets easy to find? Curious about Tolkien's quote about steam trains. As a recent convert to all things Steampunk, the idea of steam powered coffee is really fun. I'll brew & drink it while listening to Steam Powered Giraffe!
Test
I have a bialetti Venus and it sprays, spits and squirts right from the point the coffee starts coming though. Is this normal? My previous moka pot used to come through smoothly and silently. It's not too hot, I keep it on a medium heat. Could my Venus be faulty?
Great demo ☕️✨
How can we cleen it?? By the time _about ayear_ the water pot rusted.  So l could not use it. So is it right to buy one every  yaer!!!???
what size cups did you use? thanks
Do you take it off of a gas burner before it stop gurgling the electricity burner has heat for a few minutes after its turned off.
You know how they say that for these stovetop models, you're not supposed to use really fine grinds (or else they'll go through the filter)?  Well, I have a lot of time on my hands... so what I do is alternate between 3 layers of coffee grinds in the basket:  So, from bottom to top, here's what it looks like: 5-10% regular/medium-fine, 80-85% fine, 5% regular grind.  I do use a burr mill to get the regular to get the regular-medium fine grinds for the bottom and top layers...... but then I break the rules and use a blade-equipped spice grinder as a second stage to grind the burr-milled grinds even further to get the fine/extra-fine grinds.  I only pulse it for no more than 10-15 seconds... just until it looks like damp sand (I think that's the key).  What this does, in my opinion, is that it creates not only extra pressure inside the basket, but it keeps the fine grinds up and off of the basket's filter screen and at the same time, away from the top filter screen of the upper reservoir.  Also, while many suggest that you are not supposed to tamper your coffee in these models, you actually can, but don't do it too hard or else it'll just be too dense for anything to pass through, no matter what type of layering scheme you use.
In the video, the gentleman said that the Bialetti Express has a chrome-plated finish on the aluminum. Are there any concerns about adverse health effects with the aluminium if its plated? I bought a 3 and 6 cup Express, but now wonder if stainless wouldn't have been better. Thoughts?
This video is sooo precious.  I love coffee, but this video makes me hate coffee.
i just cannot drink my coffee,without smelling it.
thanks. just bought one and I didn't know how to use it. Good tutorial
How does this compare to the Aeropress?
Love the compulsory barista mustache! It's  got to be a union thing :)
Thanks for the video! :)
What causes metallic tasting coffee when using a moka pot?
Wjhere can i buy one?
Not good as espresso!
Hey when will you guys review the bialetti brikka pot? I find that to produce the closest thing to espresso out of all the other moka pots. c:
Hey, what grinder would you guys recommend for a moka pot? (~$90-$120)
pretty sure this is the closest you can get at home with little investment, else, go to Starbucks or coffee house. Pretty pretty useful video.
Haven't used 'em so not sure how they differ / compare. But a stovetop is a stovetop is a stovetop, IMHO. - Kat
What do you think about the Vev Vigano brand? I think the look of them and they have good ratings on amazon for taste. Thanks.
For this size, I'm estimating its about 7 - 10 minutes ... longer if you do the larger guys. Yes, you can use this on a gas stove :) - Kat
How long did the entire brew process take? Also, can this be used with a gas burner stove?
Thanks for sharing your tips!! :) - Kat
Great video! I use a Bialetti Venus moka pot every day and it makes terrific coffee. A couple of tips to supplement your excellent overview: 1) Do not use heated water 2) Open the lid as soon as the coffee starts rising to prevent condensation liquid dripping back into the coffee and diluting it 3) Use hot water only to clean, no soap or detergent The best short written explanation of the art of moka pot coffee making I have found online is in the Gastronomy section of the website Portanapoli.
thanks, sam
Fill the basket with fresh ground and then level the surface off using your finger or the back of a table knife. Make sure you brush away any loose grounds on the top edge. There is no need to tamp it. The most important part is not getting coffee grounds in the threads. Try it and see if that helps ~﻿ sam
not bad, but you missed the crucial part of patting down the basket once filled. that's the part i'm trying to learn about. you just filmed his face :/
Glad you enjoyed it! :) - Kat
Finally someone who knows what the are talking about! Thanks for the tutorial!
Yeah, he's rad :D - Kat
You guys are great. I love how matter-of-fact Rade is. He's a guy I'd probably hang out with.
i'm making coffee that's pleasant to drink, looks right, etc. with my 6 cup ilsa so no issue there, BUT:  a. i have to put my stove on high, and i have to leave it on until completion or else it doesn't brew (i do cut it right at the end)  b. it takes me ≈ 10 minutes till i get coffee.   there is a tiny bit o sludge at the bottom too but that's just part of it i guess  i understand it shouldn't take so long, and i should be able to cut the heat once it starts?
Awesome! Great to hear ... and may the caffeine gods be with you during this difficult time ;) - Kat
Thanks guys, espresso machine broke down so went to get a stove top to tide me over.   My first brew wasn't that great as I tried to make 2 cup in a 6 cup pot. Thanks to this I seen the error of my ways! The second attempt much better and I have a decent coffee.   Love the videos, keep them coming :-)
@Keiniti Researching that product is on our to-do list; hoping to get to it soon. Thanks for the suggestion!! - Kat
Hi! Great video! Could you brew some coffee on Bialetti Brikka? There's a great discussion about this machine over the crema bacause of it's new valve system. I saw some videos showing a great nice and thick crema but I only get a thin one and then it disappeared. Thanxs!
@careydaniel We will! Just need to get some gear :) It's on the to-do list - Kat
@nigluschembri Totally different prep types and the coffee tastes different. Both are good - Kat
Does coffee from this taste as good as nespresso?
@spam22 We just tested this (video later this week) but didn't notice any practical difference between regular tap water and pre-heated water. But perhaps our palettes aren't as fine tuned :) - Kat
@Beznet I've found that the coffee tastes smoother if I heat the water up first.  I used to use filtered water straight out of the fridge, but now I heat it up to somewhere above room temperature in the kettle before pouring it into the moka pot.  If you heat it up too much, the water will heat up the pot to the point where it's too hot to handle.
@Beznet You know, I have never heard that or seen that done, and my previous roommate was Italian and she never prepared it that way. But we will give it a go to see if there's any difference in the end result when we do the sparkling water test :) - Kat
Hey Kat, here to bug you again haha. Okay so from what I'v read, you are actually suppose to put boiling water in the reservoir before you put it on the stove. The argument is that when you put cold water in it and leave it on the stove for so long, you actually end up burning the coffee by the time the water is at a boil.   Maybe ask Rade about it to see what he thinks about that idea.
@steveb1972 Well, it's always great to be flexible!!! :) I haven't used the Smart Cafe, myself, but it sounds like it has staying power - Kat
Cheers Kat!   Yes, I've had the Bialetti one cup and my 6 cup for nearly 15 years, well used indeed! The Smart Cafe has become my main "Quick fix" method of choice though. It's insulated too to keep the coffee hot. Still need to fire up me espresso machine on a regular basis though ;-)
@diskusjon I will ask Rade to see if he's game! :) - Kat
@ferryengr Maybe we'll try 'updosing' on this during our next demo; the end result was definitely strong and I would have drank it as is (but I usually like my coffee really strong, in general). Thanks for sharing your experiences! - Kat
@steveb1972 Cool!!!! Your Moka looks well loved :) - Kat
Interesting.  I used my trusty hex-shaped stovetop maker for years back in the early '80's, and on boating and camping trips since.  Your brew looked much more watery and thin than what i usually achieved.  Perhaps it is just the grainy YouTube video.  I did pack the coffee compartment to a greater degree than you did in your demonstration - as I always drank mine with milk.  "Chromed aluminum".  My old stovetop is not chromed.  That's a great improvement - for taste, if not health reasons.
Thanks for that guys. For a quick cup I mainly use my Smart Cafe French press mug or my cute little one cup (espresso cup) Bialetti Moka pot! Love em! I'll Tweet a pic!
@HappyTurtleKman Wow! That is a seriously fierce gasket :) Thanks for reminding about the tamp since the seal actually does the tamping, adding more just messes things up. I love that comparison! :) - Kat
@ClassicsCafe I know -- finally!!! At long last :) You could do that; while it's not traditional espresso, it's pretty darn strong. I have added just warm milk in the past but you could definitely do frothed milk from an auto frother, too, if you dig it. Not selling the hot plate -- it's just a Waring, did a nice job :) - Kat
@Jamz006 We'll do it! - Kat
@jdharding2 Yeah, that's next up, and the secondary reason I wanted the hotplate -- Bodum has a vacuum pot which is Rade's next experimentation/demonstration (he hasn't used one before, either). - Kat
@ehgz1 Hahahahaha -- I will definitely have to pass this along to him ;) - Kat
@gabeslover Me neither! We're going to test it on out ourselves, too; let us know how you go - Kat
@MrShaunDupont Thanks! Yeah, they're a great option for really strong coffee and flexible/easy to use. Let us know how it goes when you pick one up! Would love to hear :) - Kat
@klarinetta I think it's really a hybrid, myself; much, much stronger than drip coffee but with a different flavor from espresso. - Kat
I miss Bunny :(
Great video guys!! Definitely didn't know about the sparkling water factor. I have a Bialetti Moka 6 cup and I have yet to produce crema, even with fresh roast & grind. Thanks!
Really greate video.. I have been affraid of buying a stove top espresso maker earlier, but now I am definitely considering getting me one of those :) for like "large amounts of espresso/strong coffee" Thumps up :) love your vids. Huge fan from Denmark :)  MrShaun
Personally I find stove top espresso coffee(all Bialetti models except the Brikka which is another story) to be more closer to drip strength coffee than to espresso. The Brikka on the other hand makes a bit more bodied coffee and it's much easier to use it without burning the coffee as you take it of the stove as soon as the tap pops up and delivers some "fake" crema.
