3:34 he's got good vision lol
They are not doing that digging,😂. Some one else is off camera.
driving those spikes into the soil scares the crap out of me...hitting a gas line or someshit...
Les doy un 10 😮
i just picked up some free pavers locally have two stacks of square and your decorastone where did  you get those straight eged pavers from the side that you started with as they are not available and i dont see cut marks on yours thx
Iugd Got it
Just found this... Thanks for the detailed video
LMAO are these guys serious? Get some damn tools! 🤣 18" pickaxe and a small trench shovel?!
Beautiful!!👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
No gloves, wrong clothes, no eye protection lol or masks
I wonder whether Tim really went back and expanded it, considering he'd have to pull up and re-do all of the edging
All while wearing slacks and tucked in shirts! Good video sir.
Sounds like they know what they are doing…..But but do they? Very poor information about assuming the garden hose technique for eliminating hitting electrical wire or pipe works. It doesn’t. You have to call the local utilities. We need a fence installed and it was outrageously expensive as things are these days. So I looked for Handyman on Facebook and these guys we came highly recommended to put in a chain-link fence. Turns out their newly arrive from Russia and are engineers And ultimately the fence was perfect. However they only spoke Russian and when I needed to speak to them they were called her interpreter and everything was cool. The only thing is they didn’t know that they had to call the utility companies and we’re digging up to put up a fence post down and they struck a gas line! With minutes the fire and the utility company showed up and that these guys can speak English in their interpreter that day was out of town. So I quickly called by niece in Montreal who was adopted from Russia and speaks about seven languages and she put them all these she talk to the utility people and they told us there’s going to be a fine for not calling them which ended up being like $300. This is at the very lower end of the scale I was told it could be as much as 800. Regardless they absorb that because obviously it was their mistake and all is well and I got a beautiful new fence. But always always always call the utility people. And Ilinois one phone call does it that’s called Julie and they come out with their various colored flags putting on the utility to market out for it and it’s totally free in there incredibly efficient.
I really love this video
He's like wtf I helped you the whole day for HOT DOGS?!?!
How many of those bricks or block puzzles did you need for that space?
I love your intro - reminds me Home Improvement
hot dogs!
Thanks this is a wonderful job!
I love how the client does everything
Good job 👍
What was the purpose of the conduit? He said it would all make sense.
Nobody in their right mind will excavate like this 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
If any one can send me ideas on how to build one cheap..mabey little bigger than this ..i have bricks & cement blocks..im watching many videos to get idea of how , what to do..
I am trying to build rock patio under my burn pit..i am getting ideas on how..
Which kind of sand is this please
Can you guys name the bricks you all used please? Style etc.
If you put your mind to it you can do anything on your own
I am going to build a smaller one for my BBQ machine to lay on
Older video, but still solid advice in 2020
Best video I came across. Explains every steps. Thanks
I would not trust half the shit this guy spits out he has been proven wrong by many contractors and this might be one of the only videos that he made right
As soon as you do this in your own backyard and gain confidence once it’s done, you could start a business doing this.
Nice
“I can see China” I died lmao
6:54 That's what she said...
Gotta get myself some Ron Hazelton Khakis~  the khakis that repel dirt, cement, and tar, and surprisingly keeps your hair perfect, too. =).
Love watching stuff like this!
Excellent video
These videos can be hard to watch. You know that the guy in blue is supposed to look like the expert instructing the newbie in purple... they both know what the heck to do. I’m the newbie in purple... talk to me. This kind of production is cringy
lmao I lost it when he walked over with that baby grill
For anyone that wants to see how to point a patio, I have made a video covering all you need to know!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFq14FSsEEI
Measurements of the pavers please?
Nice job you guys are ace it show those lazy young boys how to work lol
That tool bag don’t have no tool in there
3:55 Waste of fabric! How are weeds going to grow from 7" below surface covered by pavers and 3" of gravel?
Excellent sir 👍
That is labour intensive work
90's video??
I see Tim turning on this guy one day
Now he needs to work on his lawn.
I have the same thing in my patio and the problem is it’s always dirty. The sand  isn’t confine to the grooves, but often is loose scattered on the floor. Is there anything that can be done to the groove to keep it sealed?
Shoulda used a backhoe instead of doing all that manual digging.
what a job!!!
No mention of rollout? That plastic is NOT needed because it does not work. Fill cracks with polymeric sand--thats easier and works. Also, tamp it for crying out loud. Don't need that edge either, waste of money. Use mortar instead. Don't need metal guide/screed rails. Pvc pipe works great and cost less. Lastly, Nicolock SUCKS!, Use Cambridge pavers, use the biggest pavers you can afford because it is faster to use bigger stones.
That's not sand, it's blue stone screenings.
Nooooooo, not even close sir!
Well you didnt use a tamper to tamp that dirt and sand in so expect it to sink in a inch or two within 1 to 2 months😒  P.S. this is coming from a experienced stone mason
I see a lot of flaws in this "How To"? video The base material should  be "Wet" when installed,,,,Machine tamped,,,,NEVER EVER use sand for a laying base (unless you want weeds) Your laying base should be moist also  wet material compacts better then dry,,,,And bottom line , Pavers are twice the cost of concrete Take this advice from me,,,,I was installing them very pavers back in the early 80s
Think you can see China with only 7 inches? I dig graves, try doing that with a shovel.
Where can I get the corner pavers what store or what website??
You make everything look easy even though it isn’t
I'm in the process of trying to build my patio. Here's my problem. It's on a slight slope. I'm looking for a video or something to help me with c leveling issues. The way I have it now there is about a 4 inch step down into the patio in the high side in order for it the be level... That's not gonna work. O have to refill this whole this thing and start again
No blustake
I like👍🏻
Every time he says "OK Tim" it reminds me of Al on Home Improvement.
All that BS for that small ass grill.
Great job but  no coronitas or taco bell 👌
se io lavorassi con quelle belle braghe chiare prenderei una mano di scopaccioni da mia moglie che mi ricoderei del giardino per un pò
Bravo
Finally someone shows how to do pavers from start to finish! Plus includes measurements of 3" gravel, 1" sand! Easiest video I've found to comprehend! Next question is what's the math formula to determine how many pavers are needs to complete the job!
How many hours did this take?
Bruh I'm a dad and i don't even have kids
That’s one of my projects this summer but I will have steaks and beer
Wasted time and money for nothing.
I’d fire both of you for showing  Up the way your dressed.. You guys are not digging shit As out of shape you are.
What do u fill the sides with
Til. Dig out. A layer of shale. A layer of um...  uh.  Ummmm....  i forget. 4 layers. Shale, pebbles gravel and sand.   Tell me i forgot.  I snap out at people who want to lay it over dirt. I start freaking out and call them barbarian inbreds. Cuz they are. 100%.
Вам мужики пива не хватает ! А так всё отлично, и главное понятно!  Лайк!
The end was funny....Hotdogs? LOL
@Plen122 actually you have no idea clown but I was once like you so I don't hate my brothersinstead  I give em a little friendly criticism with partial sarcasm usually followed by a comical remark. But yeah if it makes you feel any better I'll just be an idiot so you can appear to be Mr. Fabulous ..k? .....k now peace out boyscout.
you guys have it easy.  if you were working with Adobe, you would have to go twice as deep.
Broke ass Bov Vila!
Maravilha muito bom
Saddest patio.
Took you a whole dam day to do a 68sqft patio. Lazy ass people
Fg if fghbgghff v ghhffgh g ghhģhcgg&hj*huxkx I java black bla bla bla ja ja
Video seems to be from the early-mid 2000s
Steak?  HOT DOGS!!??
Niether one of you know how to use a shovel or tamper. Instead of trying to be famous on YouTube you both should practice using tools until you've reached expert level. Then you will be able to accurately teach and demonstrate, to student YouTubers
6:54  That's what she said.
Why not use stone dust instead of sand
Chinos and a shirt ???
That looks like crap! 🤨 All those gaps are crazy dude. He will surely have issues with that soon.
That was a mad TV  episode
My back aches just watching this. All that digging in solid earth, no thank you, I’ll get you boys in and make the tea. ☕️
Worlds smallest chilling spot !
Wow !! You guys make it looked so easy. Thank you.
Laying in a dry mortar base is best. 2-3 inches thick. Spray the pavers with water when done and they'll never shift of move!! Never use sand because they'll settle in time and be uneven!
Looks like sht
$125? Is that include labor?
man that is really bad work practice, you will fuck up your backs, and DONT advise people to this work this way, you need LONG handled tools, the way you are bending, by the end of the day you'll both need a chiro
Wearing loafers and Chino's! I'd send this guy on his way if he showed up at my job dressed this way!
He could at least had some T- BONE STAKE. LOL
Les than half of a day? Yeah right.
After having our old deck demolished, my wife and I installed a 10X10 pavestone patio in our backyard in 4 weeks, for under $2,000. It was hard work and fun at the same time. Your video inspired us to tackle this outdoor project head-on!  https://youtu.be/H7LEITTd0xA
I want my 4 minutes back.
That guy is doin work in some fancy threads!
Haha great video!
No crap he needs a bigger bbq... And no steak. Rofl, that last bit
hey this looks really great!! you didnt use concrete--wow.... thanks so much for sharing!!!!
I have never used sand or gravel to lay pavers down over the 30 years I have been doing them and have never had any trouble with the patio being uneven or moving. A little ground clear will keep weeds and grass out. Even if you do it the way this article says you still get weeds and grass growing in it eventually.
6:30 How did he 'design the gaps' ?  This is the first mention of them.  How big should these gaps be?   BTW he also skipped how he selected the dimensions of the initial pit, which must be a multiple of the paver size(?) + 2 edge pavers + 2 edge anchors.
aww then he wants food too. damn. lol he like a sensei
i want pavers in the house
he said since i only have today to fuck with this
when i can get the customer to do the job then charge them then i will call my self a master
I love this! Thanks for sharing! Emmy Braxtly
Too much work
I love it
I estimate this patio will fail within 5 years.  I highly recommend at least 6" of ab-3 compacted in layers with a plate compactor if possible, if you only have a hand tamper use water also.  Tamp and water in layers.  Use 1/2" electro metallic tubing, the outside dimension is 1".
125$? loil even if thats an 8x8 patio thats 64 sq ft and at $2/sq ft for the stone thats about $128. Assumingg the stone was $1... where dud they get the aggregates for less than $61 and delivered... and i guess he shoved the excess dirt up his ass
wow 1.2 mil views... i guess youre the reason i do over 50 patio repairs a season
omg... why didnt you put fiber up the sides too... this is shameful
only amateurs jump on shovels with both feet, lookin foolish.
Thanks guys.. this video helped
omg now I will get the coronitas from Safeway
Good video.
tim, could you go grab me a beer. thanks!
No drain?
If there is electicity wire i would barried it in a bigger plastic pipe. By doing this i can pull and replace the wire in case is need without damaging the surface.
You make it look easy! I'd only work for a choice beverage though...
BIG THANK YOU
No better way to celebrate than eating dead abused slaughtered diseased and antibiotic filled animal body parts.  All you can eat  heme iron Cholesterol  Saturated fat Say hello to gut bacteria creating TMAO!
What a horrible job!
Hotdogs ? "So your telling me we did this work for a small as BBQ grill and not steaks !"
How to prepare the surface for paving bricks
Ron was like "...its finally time for some steaks Tim...oh yeah...."  and 3 seconds later ""...Tim how the f*** you serving me with hot dog?"
Great video, thanks for posting it !?
That's what she said @ 6:54
What do you cut the pavers with?
Please, at 5:56 the L shaped landscape edging and pins,  I need that exact kind. what do I call it and where can I get it?
Perfect! I'm going to do this in my backyard.
As a hardscape business owner, unfortunately I've seen this so many times before. You don't need to install landscape fabric to prevent weeds to grow. Weeds can grow and will grow out from the joints of paver stones. The only thing that you need to install on top of your sub-base, soil, is geotextile fabric. Which geotextile fabric you use depends on the soil condition(s). The reason for installing (stapling down) the geotextile fabric is to prevent the penetration of the soil to the base material.  You probably see one of the unfortunate results of the absence of geotextile fabric in driveway application when a less knowledgeable contractor is involved; after 2 years you see "waves" on the surface of the driveway. Because of the pressure of the vehicular traffic and weight soil penetrates to the base and compromises the strength of the base...  There are so many things wrong with this video, that it would take pages and pages of explanation. But if everybody followed the guidelines of ICPI, we would be seeing better jobs out there!
nice job
I like it,  thanks for
Steaks ? Hot dogs😊
All that work for that tiny bbq lol
Great to share ideas and experience But not nice to put someone down and list your company...
Great to share ideas and experience But not nice to put someone down and list your company...
"Wish"
That isn't simply gravel. That is crusher run (abc). It's really important to make sure to order/purchase crusher run and not plain gravel.
I don't get the last poured sand. Won't the weather kick it out?
You don't have to level the ground?
Such an helpful video Ron, which i have a friend like you.
"hot dogs" lol! great video. very helpful. my only question is what to do with all the dirt a
How is it 125 dollars? Pavers cost 2$ per piece, let's say you buy it bulk, reduce it to 1 dollar. You used about 100 of them which would alone be 100 dollars. Sand is 8 dollars per bag, gravel is 6. Fabric is 10 bucks. You need at least 10-12 bags of gravel & 4-5 bags of sand for that area. It would cost close to 400 dollars with the edge frames and long nails etc.
bring on the power digger
Does 811 comes inside your house and marks any utility?? Coz I called 811 and they only marked outside my property, they did not come inside and did not say anything why.
I am going to put my patio under a tree.  Roots may be a problem.  I  don't think I can dig more than a couple of inches without hitting  roots.  Will that work?  What do you suggest?
Como pone piso eliminano
What if the ground isn't level either side  where you lay your wood to check for depth???
I enjoyed this video.
I really find this guy helpful.  Easy to follow.
thanks.  i really hack jobbed in an air conditioner base upon further review.  I'm making up an area that will be exposed now and definitely want to do it properly so it's not hideous for viewing :)
Just finished mine some very good info, some not so good info. Please don't try to locate your underground utilities with a garden hose. Didn't follow the 3.5 inches of gravel. Because my yard slopes as most do I wanted a level patio for a swing. Mine is about 2.5 inches on one side and 1 inch on the other.1 inch of sand. I was concerned about the gravel depth but after reading web blogs its seems some landscapers don't even use gravel. Also I made a smaller patio for my grill 6- 16 inch squares 5 years ago with about a 1/2 inch of pea gravel and its still level and stable. Final note Menards is the only place I found that sells these pavers called Euro pavers. I like them cause there is no paver cutting involved due to the edge peices. Bad news they are a clearance item at Menards. I had to drive 60 miles to find a Menards that still stock enough of both peices. You will need 140 main pieces and 40 edge pieces since there is no formula, I had to make 2 trips about $70.00 for the stones. Good Luck...
Can I use only 2" of Paver base and 1" of sand?
Listen, Goofy. I do this for a living as well. We install 4" of compacted base, 1" of washed concrete sand and a slope of 1" over 10'. We follow ICPI standards on every project we do. You ALWAYS call Miss Utility on every job, no matter how deep you dig.
Steak?. .. HOTDOGS!  Lol.  That's how I feel most of the time when I help my friends and family with landscaping.
What could you do different if you wanted to occasionally, or even regularly park a car on these pavers?
Wrong information, Sir.  1.) Didn't call Miss Utility before you dug. 2.) You need to dig and extra 6" out from the edge of the patio for the edging, not 2".  3.) You need to install the proper fabric in the base of the excavation.  You used thin landscape fabric to "keep the weeds from coming through."  This is so inaccurate.  You need to use Mirafi 500X roadway fabric which is way stronger.  This is used as a soil separation fabric so the gravel doesn't migrate down into the soil, not weed prevention.  4.) You need to rent a compactor to compact the gravel to 95% Proctor, which means you get 95% of the air out of the gravel leaving 5% air space.  You also need to have the gravel a little bit moist before compaction.  5.) You need to pitch the screed rails slightly (a slope of 1" over 10') to one side so the water does not sit.  Pavers installed correctly only have a 10% water infiltrate, with the rest running off.  Without a pitch, the water will sit.  6.) You didn't compact the pavers into the bedding sand.  Over time the pavers will settle unevenly.  8.) There is now a product called Polymeric Sand, which when swept and compacted into the joints, will keep weeds from growing in the joints and lock the pavers in place.    Please leave the installation to the experts or at least contact ICPI (Interlocking Concrete Paver Institute) @ www.ICPI.org before making a video you claim to be an expert at.    Paul Ruggiero Owner of Landscape Artistry, LLC 443-496-1651
dont bother with weedmat, waste of money
Hot dogs! Lol
One day . Wow
Thanks. Excellent video. I was trying to figure out how to get the sand level. Using the conduit for a screed guide is a great idea.
Great help...Thanks so much.  I could not have done it without your help.
call before you dig , just in case    sewer   gas electrical ect.
Good Job my respects to this man hes awsome
Good Job my respects to this man hes awsome
No wonder my mom has a jungle growing in the cracks of her patio.  She said they just put the pavers on the dirt after removing the grass.   Man....I got a lot of  work to do at her house.
Great Video ! Short and sweet w/ all the important basics !
I'll feed you stake and lobster Ron! Great video.
I want Tim to come help me do this.
Perfect, just what i needed as I'm redoing an old brick patio on the outside of my house.  It's a 9'x7'.  The previous person just tossed bricks on top of the dirt!  I'll be sure to follow this and get the proper materials other than the bricks as I'm going to flip the old and reuse.  Thanks Ron!
Hot Dogs!?
I love this brilliant ideas! The features are glamorous and very pleasant. This will gonna be one of my preferences. Thanks for the effort and knowledge!
Jethro Bodine and Barney Fife.
Great video.. I recently put in a patio at my house and filmed the whole process. Now you can see it in fast motion, which condenses it down to just a few minutes.. Check it out at my channel.
This is a do it yourself show, this shows that it is easy to accomplish without having alot of experience, just a little direction and your good to go. also will give tim the confidence to expand on it later on his own.
does the sand need to be compacted as well?
I would like to feature this video on my website Handy Lance Dot Com  Please let me know if I have permission to do this.
I like the way he leaves out the fact they are crawling and kneeling all over the nice flat sand and how to correct that on the fly. Conveniently left out I would say.
Excellent Tutorial
What kind of sand is being used?
HOT DOGS!......  lol
Amazing and much cheaper than paying someone else to do it. Thank you for posting this video.
anybody else doin this for the love of skateboarding?
This is probably the best and most comprehensive video I've seen so far. Even the ones that the paver companies made are not as informative as this one. Thank you very much!
I'm going to try this on my own.
i like this man
Not bad at all, especially for that price.  Project I'll be doing this summer
There is no way this all cost 125. No way... it has to be more.
I need some raised flowerbeds
I would have prefer a pick axe to go down 7 inches.
I just got done putting down a 400 square foot patio with a retaining wall. I watched this video at the beginning of the project and this video definitely shows you how to do it right. I followed his method exactly and it worked great. Thanks Ron!
Hotdogs!!!?
I think it said $126 at the end of the video.
Most people would be happy to help with a project at their home.
Awesome video.I need to do this to the edges of my driveway where the grass won't grow.
i've laid patio's before, this is the proper method, and it looks good. your opinion is flat wrong.
What do you do if you have tree roots?
Awesome project any homeowner can do and I can't believe it was just hotdogs at the end. haha.
Lepo,meni se dopao video
nice video!!
How much did you spend on materials and supplies?
When you do paver stones, there should be a slope of about 1" every 8' of work area, moving away from the foundation of a home. You want to prevent pooling of water if you're in a zone with a lot of rain and freezing winters. Your base material is what you make level (making the ground even) and you would use line levels to make sure its level laterally.
You should always try to screed a few times back and fourth even just for half of it to make sure there is enough sand.  You should also 'click' and 'drop' your pavers, NEVER drag them on the sand if it's too far away from the other pavers. Stay away from standing on the edges of already laid pavers if it isn't complete, you will make them shift.  You should be compacting the stones on top after you sweep sand, continuously sweeping in sand in until all joints are filled even after compaction.
That is wrong way to lay pavers and that is a sorry patio
Great video! Easy to follow instructions and great tips for smart working :D
Tim before you sit on your lazy butt..water your lawn! Damn man it's so dry one errant BBQ coal could send your house up in smoke!
Ronnie!! I didn't know you had a youtube channel. subscribed.
I can do it!  Thank you.
what a great video, thank you so much for posting this and presenting it in a perfectly clear way!
"What you got...steak?  Hotdog!!!"  Haha...
"They" could be "You" then you can afford to have all the tools you want.
great video...this is how im doing mine...thanks
What if the ground is uneven?
$125????!!!!! where did you buy those materials??
what an cheap azz.. they guy help him for an day of work all he get is some cheap 99cent hotdog
Thanks, this was very helpful
Looks good guys, well done!
hi
@abarford1 Sorry 4:10 was meant to be 5:10 !!
3:45 brilliant 4:10 PURE BRILLIANCE !!!
This is a great vid. Thanks for shearing it.
can you guys do a 3+4=5 squaring , its obvious that putting the stakes and eyeing does not do that for you, so in the video you do not show this part..great video though
You are the man Ron.  I'm getting my shovel and I'll let you know.
awesome!  thanks for sharing this!
Thank you....
You deserved more than a measly hotdog for that!
both of you guys are funny..very well done.
extremely helpfull video and funny...Thank you very much guys.
Glad you guys like it, thanks for watching!
thanks for the great video
nice video, now come to my house and do it for me ;)
