I MISS YOU LAURA MILLER COME BACK
Amazing recipe thank you ❤❤❤
Why are so many of us nostalgic for these videos lol
Oh almost all videos are gone 😢 I loved her videos, she is awesome
Please come back!!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!!!!
Had to revisit this. Very comforting😂😂
If we use the oven what temperature should we use?
I was suddenly missing this series!
I miss this woman so much. ):
I LOVE that this is getting people who normally wouldn't interested in trying new things around eating healthy, but FYI, at 200° NOTHING is RAW. Live enzymes in food are destroyed at anything over 115°. Nice vids though.👍🏽
Vegan. Brownies.      Gril. Stop. Lying. To. Yourself.  Because. You. Know.     It. Taste. Nasty. Like. Your. Breath.
I miss this show so much
Go vegan
Omg you are adorable and hilarious. I can’t wait to make these!!!
dumb title
WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL HER OTHER VIDEOS FROM THIS SERIES????
Looks so good
I come back here every couple of years. Just super chill to watch 🌹
I miss this series so much
oh no, this is bad... I can already picture myself making these twice as thick (probably by stacking it because it might not dehydrate properly if too thick) and cutting them like slices of pizza and eating all of it... :} I'll pretend you didn't warn me...
So it’s chocolate...
Dude, can we have video to the lavender cheesecake? I made it like two times but would love try again after all these years!
what if you don't put the ganache on top, will the batter itself taste sweet enough on its own?
many years later and it's still my favourite brownie recipe <3
What a lovely attitude! Love your recipes.
Where are all her other videos :(
Is there something else I can use other than nut flour? I can  only eat peanuts & almonds.
cinnamon!
I been eating vegan and raw for 3 konths and btw a 1500 cal diet and heavy good fats..and i actually lost weight and didnt even do it for that.i use it for my chronic conditions.it def helps with my gi and inflammation
everything is good except her voice!
I’ve been looking for her truffles recipe!!! Help anyone??
I'm VERY Late to the Party But This Looks Awesome.  I Love Your Videos and recipes.
Chocolate Raspberry Ganache is the best..  My recipe is 3 cups walnuts to 1 cup dates with 2/3 cup cacao, 3 finger pinch seasalt.  Ganache:  1 avocado, 1/3 cup cacao powder, 1 tsp raspberry balsamic vinegar. and blend into creamy.    Coco powder is not raw, use cacao powder.  :)
i randomly remembered these videos that i used to watch in middle school and i just want to say laura single handedly made me question my own sexuality and im gay now so thank you bae <3
how mutch is a cup  is it the same as a deciliter ?
the WHOLE thing of maple syrup??? this brownie recipe did not come to play around
this video is so wholesome
Good job
You so beautiful 🤗 Love you strong energy 😊 Love your kitchen 😋
I don't think these are raw - or rather if it is considered "raw" then you and I go under different definitions of raw.  Putting it in a dehydrator actually does warm up the food to pull out the moisture.  If it didn't then there would be no reason to use a hydrator rather than a fan and your table.  A dehydrator reaches around 130 degrees C, which is hotter than any raw food I have ever seen. To me - raw means raw, as in uncooked and maybe unprocessed but the uncooked is the important thing and heating something up is considered cooking.
These look delicious - and you look a ton like my cousins daughter. A ton!
She's so pretty......and cool 😎 Girl crush for sure haha
Will mixing sugar and fats caused  diabetes?
no amounts for ingredients?? so its experimental ?
The video makes me feel nostalgic. I remember 3 years ago I was kinda obsessed with tastemade stories
I reckon she be making dem hash brownies
My voice closely here
Why can’t you just use regular flour? I mean it’s already vegan...
Lol I used 1 1/2 of cocoa powder to make up for Walnut flour 😂 is that unhealthy?
i miss this show so much
2019?
Those brownies look amazing! I love your dog, too!
I really really miss this series! it was so good 😭 I loved the way she talked, how she took us through step by step and how these recipes are awesome! I wish I could have a taste of that brownie. it looks amazing ;)
Gluten free!? Yasss
These are my absolute favorite brownies to make and eat for myself because I make this stuff for myself 😂 I’m the only vegan in my family so that’s why and for some weird reason all my friends love these brownies
Perfection.
These will always be my favorite brownies 🤤
Laura is so awesome. Her voice makes me wanna roll over and hope my belly gets scratchted. I miss her so much.
Shes fly, and i also enjoyed the video 👑
The dog is so cute!! Love this recipe but I made it thick in a spring form pan and it was way too decadent so we cut them into tiny cubes and snacked on one at a time.  Next time I’ll stuck to the skinny version!
Watching this while eating oatmeal with cinnamon in it..
Are the cashews soaked?
"Just crossing over mah dawd"  I love her.
I like her chill lame voice and humor.
Wow! You're so gorgeous and smart! <<<<<<Coming from a gay guy😂 Subscriped
Looks delicious. Thanks for sharing
I miss her :(. What happened to tastemade they used to be my #1 food channel and I would talk about it and people would be like “do you mean tasty” ? No tf I don’t. They’re different aren’t they?
om gosh brownies  look delicious but its too bad that I'm allergic to peanuts walnuts and cashews.
She makes me feel confident about having a slightly deeper voice than most women I know
Laura, I feel ripped off by your website. I was a loyal follower for quite a while and bought 3 of your cook books for family members. So now I come back and most of your videos are unavailable and I have to pay to see videos I followed for free. WTF? You shoulda let us know you were in this for the $$$$. Disappointed in Sonoma County.
her voice is so cute
don't worry 'bout it :)
This looks great. But raw dehydrator cooking takes like literally all day! You have to leave it overnight and then another hour? I will just have at least one raw meal a day. I can't take like a whole day to wait for brownies to be done.
Pizza rollers aren’t vegan.
She has a Will Smith smile when she said dont worry about it and started taking all of the brownies xD
If you guys say the word chill one more time! We get it, she's cool. Stop trying to be so hipster. Now shut up and eat your not gross raw vegan brownies.
Can you freeze if you don't have a dehydrator?
You’re so pretty!!!!!!!
I FREAKING LOVE YOU!!!!!! X)
You gotta be like suuuuuper patient and chill to eat these brownies. Overnight plus one hour ... 🙄  Ain't for me
Charming
“any nut you like... any nut flour you like”
Hey, thanks so much! Which dehydrator do you have?
LOL that dog toot at the end killed me. Man I love dogs
I have a deeper resting voice and always felt self conscious when doing videos but she made me melt with her voice ❤️ thank you
Raw Vegan dish but using Cocoa powder instead of raw cacao powder?
her voice is so cute omg
can i make this with coconut flour instead of nut flourr??
Can I use oat flour instead of nut ?
3 cups cocoa powder? Too bitter!!!
Damn, dat voice.
Gal gadot vibes.
Every video I watch of Raw. Vegan. Not. Gross. I keep thinking of Janeane Garofalo.
😳”Dehydrate” brownies 😩
Wait they’re raw but you’re supposed to put them in the oven?
shes really pretty and im really gay
Looks delicious, the brownies too! 😋😋😂😂
Oh man i love her voice
Love the vibes in the video, and thanks for the recipe they look amazing! :D
i like her. She's awkward.
Wow she’s so pretty
New girl crush alert 🚨
Im gonna eat my feeling a day & a half later in the from of nut paste & cocoa.
Love the jumper ..and the recipe of course
6:01 onwards- yah me too girl
Like her and her recipes but absolutely NO health benefits to cinnamon.  Stating made up facts like that is irresponsible
ohhh yes
The dog farting was perfect! 😂😂😂
she reminds me of victoria secret angels
I tried searching for the Lavender Cheesecake video, but I can't find it. Is it just me or was it not uploaded?
I am gathering the ingredients and am going to make this.  I will use my oven on very very low to dehydrate.
You're amazingly cool! May I add that I adore the light coming from the window. Looked liked an evening sunset. I bet I can make my family soooo happy with this brownie, including myself.
Her voice reminds me of my business teacher.
I love you! Your voice is calming, and you seem to be really laid back, and your gorgeous! Like u look naturally gorgeous. Not plastic.  What kind of processor is that? Every one I've bought didn't work. 😢
She reminds me of Donna from that 70's show
The dog's fart of disapproval at the end 😩
Were you ever in a metal band...coz that voice of yours is as decadent as those brownies...
This doesn't look like a brownie..? It looked better before dehydrating it? Why not just put the whole mixture in a pan and bake it?
Hey does anyone know if you can replace the cashew flour with oat flour?
I tried this recipe and honestly idk what in TF I did wrong but  they came out soooo wrong. Literally looked nothing like how she made it lmaooo
These are so delicious! Thank you for this recipe :)
i love her videos, and i'm not vegan or vegetarian 💜
But why cant we just stick them in the oven for one hour? at 400 or something..
I FUCKING LOVE HER, WTF??
So...cookies?
Her voice is so soothing! I love to watch her videos before going to bed
I'm just here for her, not for the recipe hahahaha lols
I like her voice and her attitude.
It's like the fifth video I've watch of her.. I've never gotten so hard learning how to cook..
you also are aware that many vegetables as well as other Foods give you more nutrients cooked than Raw, yes?
I am a physician and people need to stop perpetuating the myth that cinnamon helps with blood sugar because it does not.
Cooking shows always hire such annoying fake ultra peppy people, they stress me out. But Laura is so chill it's like meditation
why did you make all of the rvng vids private tho
i love how shes just like a no nonsense kind of person, i hate watching those vegan channels where they go into their life story and take forever to give me the ingredients and directions. i love this girl
With aloy of youre recipes Arent raw. Ras recipes are not cooked over 65 C I think 4
Not everyone has a dehydrater ??
Whoa Tastemade, where did this series go? I saved this playlist awhile ago and now there's only 3 videos.
OMG can't wait to make this it looks soo good
i love her voice omg
if your not into cashews are there any nuts with a similar creamyness?
Where are ALL the Raw vegan not gross videos? They disappeared from Youtube. Specifically the Coconut yogurt video...
I love you Laura! But Tastemade you freaking suck for making Laura's other videos private you have lost a subscriber.
I love laura but I made these and they were gross (sorry)
she's super chill
your videos are addictive ... :-)
cashews are never raw. ever! the oil on thier skin is an irritant and can cause serious reactions. they are heat treated to remove this oil
What happened to the other Raw. Vegan. Not Gross. videos? I love these videos and I was looking for the one with the beet cheesecake recipe and cannot find anywhere. Why? Why? Why did you take them down? I only subscribed to this channel for these recipes, but since you don't have them anymore I'll simply unsubscribe.
hi, you are awesome !!!!! and please can we use honey in replacement of the agave or maple syrup ? thank you
I'm just so in love with her! I'm not a raw vegan, but because of her I really want to try it out!
Love the dog fart...classic.
can someone explain what a dehydrator is...like...what does it do...
Omg! Her voice and her personality remind me of Sally from 3rd Rock From The Sun!! <3
where are her other videos D;
Do you guys realise tastemade is deleting a whole bunch of videos? Laura had so many videos under tastemade and now there's only 3 left!!! Wtf?!?!
why is internet hating on brownies, I am confused, you can see "brownies cringe compilation" everywhere
i could marry your voice
Is there a good substitute for the nuts in your recipies - someone i want to make these for is allergic so wanted some advice
she never eats the food
do you know how many calories this is?
your voice is so sexy kbhjvg
Does anyone know if I could do this using almond flour? :) x
Question: Are cashews in the recipe roasted or raw? I think cashews are roasted to get rid of the allergic/toxic componds they contain and raw cashews are generally not recommended. Can someone enlighten me?
What...is a dehydrator?
I love that she doesn't hate against non vegans in every video like a lot of other vegan youtubers, defo going to make these x
Hey Tastemade why are all of Laura's raw vegan not gross videos private??? Can you give me permission to view them??
Cam u add baking powder or soda
Yum yum
she's so pretty and chill. also I really loved this recipe it looks really good
what the heck these r fake
BRING BACK LAURA
Its so nice to see someone like you make something delicious without shoving your beliefs down our throats :) it looks delicious
This video was soooo soothing. Made me want a brownie then a nap lol
Amazing recipe :) perfect for Valentine's Day!
Lol when you're allergic to cinnamon *cries*
I ate my first vegan brownies today. my friend had made them with cocoa powder and black beans!  I would have never ever guessed if it was made with black beans!
Bruh, "dehydrator". It's not raw if you sped up the dehydration process using what is basically an oven.
I've never seen Laura before but I think I love her.
That fart at the end :DD
IT'S RAW
why not just call it fudge?
I know the usual substitute for cinnamon is nutmeg but I'm allergic to both. What can I substitute with them?
gosh I wanna be sophisticated like her
That's all you can ask from a vegan brownie, for them not to be gross.
Omg making it
I want a "raw, vegan, not gross, not expensive"
Technically not raw bc she dehydrated them lol. When you dehydrate it basically cooks them
Yum!
What do you do if you can't eat nuts? I feel like I've been cursed
Man she's one of my favorite people. Such good vibes.
I made it, I loved it! 5/5 stars! My mom was mad at me today, she tried some of these and batta boom batta bing batta bang she was so happy! Thank you so, so much!
why do i want to be this woman
Lauraaaaaa
Looool but who has a dehydrator and 24 hours to make brownies 😭 but they look good for vegan brownies
her voice is hot
Easy, healthy, no animals killed, no animals used in any kind of way, helps the planet. Come at me dairy, egg, honey or meat eaters.
I love her voice
Bring Laura back!😞
she's such a badass 😍
Why did they delete her other videos??
What happened to all of the other videos? Only 3 are left now :c
why did they delete the other raw vegan not gross videos?
What the? I can't find the older Raw Vegan Not Gross recipes!!!? Have they been taken down? xO xO why?? Don't take Laura away please... what is happening?! Where is the lavender cheesecake recipe? All the videos are private, wtf?! Copyright problem or smth? Youtube red?
Is the ganache needed?
What could you replace the cashew flour with? It's super expensive where I live
Can I use coconut flour instead??
She sounds like she accidentally found herself in the kitchen and she doesn't know why or how, but then..........shes actually legit a really good cook.
This looks great, yet there is no clue of how much of the each ingredients you put in ??? So how are we supposed to make this , not knowing that ????????
You're so pretty!
I am allergic to nut can I substitute   any thing for the nuts?
her voice is everything i need
why is her voice so deep?
i like your chanel so so so much
Wow... These raw vegan foods are a lot of waiting!
with all the respect and not doubting her femininity..because such a voice is beautiful..but she sounds like a trans..nice receipe
Can you use coconut or almond flour instead of cashew flour?
Might make this but cocoa mint.
Oh all the recipes I've been coming across, I've settled on this one. I'll make it more of a raised brownie though as opposed to flat. I'll have to report back once I hear how it faired.
Was that slave cocoa or fair trade?
NUT FLOWER Anyone else laughing? Cause NUT?
How about carob powder for those who are allergic to chocolate?
without watching and only listening she sounds like she was forced to make her videos lol
she's hilarious and a total natural on camera - wow!
My dehydrator can adjust the temperature, what temperature should I use?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Does anyone know which food processor Laura uses? :D
I found these to be too rich at first so I cut the cocoa powder down A LOT in both the brownies and the Ganash. I also don't like the taste of coconut oil so I subbed it for 1/3 cup natural peanut butter and it was so good. One final note for people using the oven, don't go the full hour. I cooked mine at 200 degrees for a little over a half hour and they were really really good (didn't flip them either).
it's not easy to find maple syrup where I live.what should I do?
Every thing she cooks looks wonderful and easy to make but when you actually try it it turns out horrible
do u need to use nut flora
BOWNIES!!!!!🙌
REALLY, love her jokes about time travel
Can i use soymilk insted almondmilk?
Yo. When the dog farted, I just lost it xD
Once you go brown, you never wind down.
cacao is raw - not cocoa ? great video though
What if I don't have a dehydrator?
I'm not trying to brag or trying to offend anyone. But where I live a (not the greatest quality)  vanilla bean is maybe 2 dollars in the grocery store. And do people say it's expensive because other places you're used to things being way less? Or that it costs more there? Like, those 2-3 dollars are really really inexpensive here so I get confused all the time
she is so sweet
i use a lil hazelnut with the cashew flour! great recipe!
Can I take almond flour instead oft cashew?
She has a deep ass voice
Can you use normal flower?
HER VOICE ❤❤❤❤❤ i'm in love.
I just got an ad for omelette topped with cheese
what would oven times and temp be for these? they look delicious!
Looks so delicious!
If you like cakey brownies... just eat cake D:<
She's sooooooo beautiful.... EAT YOUR HEART OUT ANGELINA JOLY AND THE REST OF HOLLYWOOD!!!
These look AMAZING! I know what I'm making at the weekend now XD
👍🍇👍🍇👍🍇
not gross? yeah sure.....
you remind me of charlize theron
can I use oat flour instead??
I live in Denmark, which is one of the most expensive countries in the world, and vanilla beans are actually pretty cheap here.
Am I the only one who thinks she's kinda manly? Still super hot tough. Probably 80% of the views are not for the recipe lol
These brownies are amazing... Don't try them.
Vegan anything simply does not appeal to me, but strangely, I could still listen to this video all day long.
is it just me or does she kind of look like Scarlett Johansson? lol i love her!
6:08 when ur crush is just opposite of you in the cafeteria and you want to act normal
Wow ! This super easy and look goooood
can you include the measurements
She always seems drunk
I made the similar recipe with only 3 ingredients. Very simple yet rich in flovours Check it out here :)   https://youtu.be/muiCMhXv7sM
I feel like you have to make a lot of money to be vegan. All of these ingredients are NOT cheap!
I love your voice!
can vegan people use Fructose ? I mean In general to replace sugar.
Being vegan requires lots of nuts... Have to grow a nut tree 😂 A little bag of nuts in my side of the world is around ten dollars and most vegan recipes are nut based.
No it is gross
the whole video was Awesome..... but the ending was EPIC !!!  Hahahahahaaaaaaaa <3
The 'Not Gross.' In the title
Can I replace cashew flour with oat flour?
Cocoa is not raw.
This looks so good, but I'm allergic to nuts though :(
They look yummy. Amazing video!
You resemble J-lo quite a lot
i really want to try this recipe but cashew n almond are very expensive in my country😢
im obsessed with your videos im getting your book for mothers day😍😄
Buzz is sooo cute!
I made this and they're rlly good but u need to reduce the amount of cocoa because this tastes super bitter (like 70-80% cocoa bitter). I used a mixture of cashew, almond, and oat flour (bc cashews and almonds are expensive) and it turned out really good! If you also don't care for this to be raw and are very impatient like me I put it in the oven at 375 for like ten minutes or until I had nothing on the toothpick I stuck in it. 10/10 would recommend
was or is she a dude?
Can you use rice milk instead?
I could not concentrate on the cooking at all..
I can watch her videos like for life haha
Why did this stop getting made? I want to know why
I made these and they where delicious decently true them except I didn't have cashews so I used almonds and it was still great
*poot*
OMG I love you Just made it today yes I missed up a little bit but it's DELICIOUS thank you thank you thank you
I love her voice.
what do you feed your dog if you're vegan?
Not raw, cocoa powder is not raw food.
Can we substitute almond milk with milk milk?
Thank you for not making black bean "brownies" and try to pass them off as not gross 😄thank you so very much!
Thank you for not making black bean "brownies" and try to pass them off as not gross 😄thank you so very much!
That was awesome and you are so beautiful
lmao wtf was that awkward dance after putting it in the dehydrator?
Damn I hope my Future wife will be something like this xD
I'm allergic to nuts!! I want to start the vegan life style but every recipe has nuts but no alternatives 😑😑😑😑
Can you use ground sunflower seeds instead of nut flour?
They were really salty when I made them ):
They were really salty when I made them ):
I love Laura, but her left handed stirring gives me mild anxiety
obsessed
omg notice that she has the same clothes as the day she made the brownies i think she made a extra batch that morning
I'm so making these tomorrow!
How many calories do these have per square?
Allergic to cinnamon cool
what can I use as an alternative for the cashews?
lmfao the end where she collected the brownies cracked me up!!
So are these healthy???
"No, it's PURFECT!!!" XDDD
I made these and they're deliscious!!! So rich and chocolatey
Would love to try these but I don't know how to use a dehydrator. How minutes can you use for an oven?
This voice is awesome!
I feel like she would have the best singing voice.
Trying these out tonight :D
recommendation: if you're going to use this recipe with the Nestle cocoa powder, make sure to use waaaaay less (like only use a cup)
The dog couldn't not be bothered by her brownies!!!   He is well trained.
how much do cashews cost, they're preety damn expensve in my country
I don't understand she does'nt tell the quantities
Hi can i use almond flour instead? thanks for the video!!
will this work if i use regular flour? :)
Just made this! Absolutely wonderful.:)
You remind me of Jessica alba your dope
Maaan thats a lot of agave syrup/maple. :( here in germany its so darn expensive
So what's the baking time and process with an oven?
this is amazing
Is the food prosseser vegan ?
laura miller is my one and only love. so chill. Bae material. xoxo
are you telling me a flour nutted in that brownie mix
If i put water like you say in the description box , what is the difference?:/
nuts are super expensive in denmark ugh but i will totally truy this with almonds they are the least expensive...
I made these and they were amazing... Exceeded my expectations. I replaced the cashew flour with almond meal and my only regret was that it was too bitter. Before I dehydrated I added more maple syrup and it was amazing.
Please post more vegan recipes. I see your dog is a mix. He must have been a rescue. Good for you.
she's awesome
03:27 "I'm gonna use this giant grill flipper" It's called a spatula....bruh
I made these and they were pretty bad lmao
making these raw dishes seem like they take so much time and preparation. i'll stick to cooked vegan brownies :D
can you make a cake for my brothers birthday thank you
She is warmth.
Her voice reminds me of Ronda Rousey
Perfect idea - we will have a taste this holidays.  If you are interested in - you will see our pics at instagram mrs_k_and_j 😉
Hook me up Katelyn Jenner Jr. Scary ass voice. Buzz said fuck u and dem brownies, you know i cant eat that shit, punk ass. He/She as the lowest energy ive ever seen on camera.
Can you edit your videos to add the setting on the dehydrator because that would really be helpful
This are in the making for the weekand to share with my lovely boyfriend <3
I want  different menu for pork and chicken if possible.
you sound so.. secure and chill.. I liked you instantly <3 suscribed :D
ur voice sounds like a man
I made these for Thanksgiving and they were a hit! Super rich, like she said, but so delicious! Thank you Laura <3
GUYS DO YOU KNOW THE FONT TO RAW.VEGAN.NOT GROSS.???
Tried these ages ago and they're awesome! Still make them quite often almost 5 moths later!
LOVE HER
can i use regular AP flour instead of the nut flour if i want to make regular brownies?
Made this yesterday and Loved it! Definitely a healthier version of brownies, yet SO good!
Make more of these!!!!!!!!
thats so true she actually reminds me of andreas choice!
Perfect ending to a perfect episode. 👌🏼☺️
A cute Scarlet Johansson right here <3
What do you do if you are allergic to nuts??
@tastemade Could you use cacao instead of cocoa? If so, how much would you need to change the measurements by? Thank you.
This is the most chill woman I've ever encountered. Like wtf she's so cool lol
Really sucks having a nut allergy 😦😢😣😣😭
Which food processor is that? I am looking for one.
Can I ask how long and what degree if I use the oven please?
THIS WOMAN IS THE CUTES! "And its Good for you.......Remember?" UGH I DIED <3  WHERE THE NEW EPISODES THO!!!
Laura are u sure u didn't sprinkle some magical stuff in there? Cuz legit I'm planning to use your recipe for special Christmas brownies
she is so cool and so quite and so funny omg i love her
I so love your videos!!!!!!! I was wondering what type of food processor do you use. Any recommendations!  Michelle Eaglin
I so love your videos!!!!!!! I was wondering what type of food processor do you use. Any recommendations!  Michelle Eaglin
I so love your videos!!!!!!! I was wondering what type of food processor do you use. Any recommendations!  Michelle   Eaglin
can I cook this batter in the oven? If so, which temperature and time? I'm a vegan but I would prefer them cooked, cheers :)
awesome I love it! will be useful! thank you!
I'm not a raw vegan, but I want to eat all of the food she makes... WAAAAY more appetizing than FullyRawKristina or Rawvana.
these look lovely but they would literally kill me. so many vegan things use cashews that I can't even eat in a vegan restaurant because of all the freaking cashews and the possibility of cross contamination
This channel should be called HOW TO DO EVERYTHING WITH A FOOD PROCESSOR XD
I made them myself, and people loved them! :) but I didn't use so much ganache on the top and sort of less maple syrup, they still turned out great!  https://www.tumblr.com/blog/itscreativecool
with what can i replace the maple syrup?
Is it 4 cups of flour and 3 cups of cocoa?  when I mixed the wet ingredients with the cocoa it was super thick. I mixed them up in a vitamix, I'm wondering if I over mixed them or if my proportions are wrong.
"And it's good for you...remember..." I love your videos
She reminds me of Donna from that seventies show but in real life
You totally look like Amanda from Revenge. Wait are you Amanda from Revenge? I'm confused lol
These look AMAZING. i want lol.
what is raw vegan? can you bake stuff or when you use a dehydrater its raw vegan?
omg shes hot
Perfect humor. Best whit I've seen on the internet. Cannot get enough. More Laura !
maple syrup is not raw vegan
What Dehydrator do you guys use in the show? I'd like to buy a good one. I'm a college kid so I'm not really wanting to buy something that's going to.... Shall we say, "Poop out on me"? I don't mind buying something in the $400-$500 range if it's going to last me a while and I know that I can rely on it. I don't want to buy something that is going to fall apart on me. I'd like it to last me through college and even into my young adult career. Are dehydrators reliable in general? I have no idea. NO IDEA WHATSO EVER! Please.... Help? Haha.
I made these and they were so good. I had to leave them for 20 minutes in my oven at 200. And instead of her ganache I just melted normal chocolate with cream (I'm not vegan btw). And they were AMAZIIIING...
your outfit!
I has to be good. One piece for me!
this amount of maple syrup costs like 30€ in France :/
Are any of these organic
I made these brownies and they were super rich! I unfortunately had to alter the recipe because half way through I realized I did not have enough maple syrup or agave syrup either. So I ended up getting a 3é4 cup mix of both sweeteners put together for the brownie  mix and then for the ganache I used powdered stevia. It was pretty bitter so definitely follow the recipe. Everyone loved them just thought they were a little bitter. Thanks for the recipe!
How do you add so much coco powder? If I did that they would be soooooooo bitter. Even adding a little bit makes it bitter. Why??
She kinda sounds like Laura prepon
Thank you Laura. This recipe looks delicious! And you're beautiful and funny =)
You can buy the stuffs to make all healthy stuffs here: http://thrv.me/N9Q3hC
i made this and the cookie was excellent, but the ganache wasnt so good, way to cocoa-powder-y for my taste.
I can't find maple syrup how can I replace it?
I finally made these today. They tasted too bitter for me.
These look so delicious.
Gay voice
Ceylon cinnamon is good for you, regular cinnamon is bad for your liver.
here in brazil we dont have maple syrup can i use honey instead?
Go team fudgy brownies! If I wanted cake, I'd eat cake!
in italy that much maple syrup would probably cost 10 dollars :(
You are by far my most favorite youtuber. You are so chill and funny. The part with the vanilla bean made me so happy because most vegan youtubers will nonchalantly use a vanilla bean or something strange like that without explaining or considering the idea that people cant purchase ingredients like that. Youre so considerate and relatable and I LOVE YOU
You seem such a genuine and real person. I absolutely love that!
i love this it looks sooooooooooooooooo goood
That outfit is everything
Please make cinnamon rolls !!
Marry me pleassse. So smitten with your soul.
more like thick  blocks of dark chocolate, but still delicious.
exact measurements please! these look great! shes gorgeous!
What kind of dog do you have, Laura? He's adorable! :)
So this is what corporate trust fund babies do with nothing but time on their hands.
Is it normal that the batter is so bitter?
what if you can't eat nuts?
Your dog is adorable!  And the brownies look delicious!!
Did laura fart or buzz did in the end?
where can I find the recipe with the correct amounts?
can you use regular flour? Im allergic to cashews ...
I love her enthusiasm.
she reminds of olivia dunham from fringe tv series
She def has some black in her.  I thought so the moment I saw her. :D Btw she sounds like Andrea from Andreas choice!
I love ur attitude💛
Superb
WHY AM I WATCHING THIS WHILE IM ACTUALLY STARVING OH MY GOD
Does she have a recipe book???
can I marry this woman
You are adorable .. and I love all your dresses ... great recipes too. Thanks.
Cashews aren't raw
shes funny
i would love to be your assistant( for free!! if you are in northern CA) i just love how you make vegan desserts...yum..
i have a feeling these brownies are beter than regular brownies
I'm not ashamed to say I'm in love with this woman & would marry her in a heartbeat.
Um, miss? I ate only a small amount if these, and my brain exploded. Where should I direct my complaint?
Is she married?
you are so pretty!!!! and your voice is amazing!
Have you ever thought of substituting maple syrup with coconut syrup? Would that work?
i love you, straight up. lets act like were 80, eat like were from the future, and pair up like it aint no thang
Coconut flour ok?
May I please know the temperature and how long would it be if I'm using oven? Thanks
I just made these and I could barely stop myself from eating all of the batter! Who knew that cocoa, maple syrup, and vanilla was so addicting!!!
I made these yesterday in the oven and they got rockhard :( you can't even bite into them :D what did I do wrong?
This looks really good! And I'm just here wondering how u resist the temptation of not licking the top of the food processor..
made these and they are delicious
the ending tho
Your channel is awesome, just found it:)
you sound like AndreasChoice lol
people stop being s crazy about honey and maple syrup. jeez just embrace god's creations. I can see if your all about saving the animals or don't want to consume animal products for your health but maple syrup comes from trees so it is not bad for your and collecting it does not harm the trees lol same for bees...you don't have to kill the bee to eat the honey and honey is good for you.
You just made a MILLION bucks on a PLATE!!!! OMG you're a food-goddess <3
Would you ever consider becoming a raw vegan?
How do you make nut flower?
super cool recipe
Great recipe!  This is insanely well produced to be a YouTube video. Almost feels too slick! Is it from a TV show, does anyone know?
I must try this! I'm not vegan, but I do try to be aware of what I eat, as well as eat sustainably. I'm happy to find a dessert that doesn't involve coconut (minus the oil), it's my most hated flavor ever. Really love your channel/attitude/recipes. You seem like a really chill person. You don't get all preachy and "thou must be raw vegan if thou want to be worth living". So thanks :)
Dog is the best! Brownie is too. :)
She's so fucking adorable. Gosh.
Where can I find ingredient measurements for all these great recipes?
I can't believe she used so much maple sirup!
holy shit dude she legit makes my heart feel weird. jeez what a beauty
what beauties! I meant the brownies. But I love that dog! and she's hilarious..
Holy she is so beautiful
I love to watch your show!!! I have to say vegan food does not look appealing, but I'm still enjoying the show!
i love her voice omg
My Name is actually Cinnamon. Thanks for the complement... ^_^
These were a huge hit at our permaculture meetup last night. Thanks for an awesome recipe! :D
Wow these look great, and nice video. We made brownies on our channel :)
Omg Buzz should be in more vids! Hes adorable!!😍😍😍
i made this but its really bitter.
I have *such a crush!*
how is this raw :O
I wonder if you can substitute coconut oil with something else. My bro and I can't stand coconuts lol.
Omg. Can we just be friends forever please? You're hilarious.
You're adorable. Love the recipes.
I love your voice queen so bold and  divine yet still feminine
Love your attitude!
Is your dog vegan too?
This was so so so *so* good.
If I were to use my oven, how much time would I put it for?
So glad I subscribed!!! :)
I would add hazelnuts yum
Hello, I like your video so much, you're fantastic and the recipes are cery interesting! I have one question: is maple syrup really raw? Because I know that's maple sap boiled,so this would make it not raw... Or not? Please answer, thank you ao much for your recipes!
Hello, I like your video so much, you're fantastic and the recipes are cery interesting! I have one question: is maple syrup really raw? Because I know that's maple sap boiled,so this would make it not raw... Or not? Please answer, thank you ao much for your recipes!
Hi just a question, I know what a vegan is but what is the purpose of being a raw vegan? What is wrong with cooking/baking? Can someone help please x
Maple syrup isn't raw?
What would be a good alternative to Coconut Oil since it's so expensive in the uk?
Wait, if you use an oven, does that mean they wouldn't be raw?
you look beaaaaauttttiful here aww.
Being vegan seems expensive..
lol ur so cute!
Lol just steppen over ma dog
I love your recipes and your style. Also, a little random, you're incredibly gorgeous! Keep on being awesome, Laura! (:
I ❤️ your show
totally NOT food related, but I LOVE that jumper. lol I just started watching your vids. I love your attitude towards raw vegan eating. Enjoy your videos!
can i use coconut flour instead?
i wish you were my mom.. cuz the food
What food processor do you use?
she's really good ..i like her alot ^^
Hmmm I made these and they were delicious! Also, really reach, so you don't have to eat a lot to get chocolate satisfied. Amazing! <3
Can't wait to make these they look so delicious^^
not tottaly raw, cause cashew nut is poisonous eating raw
I just made these and they're DELICIOUS! Surprisingly sweet and very flavorful, and super decadent and filling! Definitely a keeper :)
is that okay if i dont use maple syrup ?
Cant u just eat the batter
What is the nutritional value for these? like calories? and sugar, protein etc.
I have a nut allergy. ;-; Does anyone know any substitutes for the cashews and almond milk in this video?
Food Porn! She's worse then Nigella.
I would marry this woman.
What if you can't get agave or maple syrup... Could you use golden syrup or something else?
she has a man voice :D
I  LOVE YOU MARRY  ME !! <3 <3 <3 >....  naaaaaaaaaah jk  but really  a wonderful channel & a great sense of humor :*
Can I use instead of cashew-powder coconut flour?
I love this channel! And her personality from what I see watching it is awesome! It makes me want to watch more because she makes it look so easy, and from a wanna-be-vegan's viewpoint thats a good thing!
The whole raw food thing is wank as fuck, but I find you enjoyable.
Awesome video! Smooth, calming, appealing aesthetics, good shots. Love the music as well. Not to mention the brownies-- they look soooo delicious!! Thanks for the awesome video!
Love you. Love your channel. Thanks you for alternatives to white processed foods.
i love her so much
If you are using your oven, what temperature do you put it at and for how long?
You're so sarcastic I love it
Sooooo beautiful
I don't understand why in ever video she always says how long to put something in the dehydrator. Is it better than baking or what?
Just made this and it tastes amazing
Is there a substitute for coconut oil? I only have vegetable oil or olive oil in my house...
I came to your videos, because I like raw vegan food. Now I'm watching, just because I want to feel like I was spending time with you. Will you marry me?!
You should be an actress!
She is just too funny..great recipes!
Did a guy say "Do it for the vine" in the end...?
its something about her when she says "Ganache". Love that word..
I'm not vegan i'm more of a carnivore lol but these recipes seem awesome!, you have a great personality plus you look awesome. That two piece suit is a must have, where did you get it? Anyway,instant sub x
I really like your voice
Anybody know if she's using unsweetend cocoa powder?
You should make your own channel! I would love to subscribe to YOUR recipe channel, but dont want to subscribe to Tastemade's channel/
Favorite part is when Laura blames the dog for the fart.
You are so cool:)
"And it's good for you... Remember?" ;)
Could I use dates?
I love what's going on right here
So oil, cocoa powder, and salt are raw vegan? News to me...
Not sure why, but when I tried this recipe my brownies tasted just awful. They were so bitter. Any info as to why or how this could have happened would be GREATLY appreciated!
i like her better than fullyrawkristina personally just cause she doesn't have to try so hard to convince me to eat these raw foods recipes.
She's so beautiful
The dog is so cute!
why make some damn 27hr brownie its crazy this way
I have a few questions... why is maple syrup not technically raw? Is olive oil technically raw? Because I've often heard of people on a raw "diet" not eating any oils (or vinegar...) What is that about? Is there a particular reason to this? Love your videos by the way! :)
I don't feel good about taking raw Vegan recipes from somebody who isn't even Vegetarian.
she's so funny, chill and it's surprisingly refreshing that she's not one of those stereotypical vegan freaks who are into rainbows and sunshine…
Subscribed.
I LOVE THE PART WHEN BUZZ/BUZ FARTS AND WHEN YOU SAID "want me to do it again?" Lol Then they  said "nooooooo!!!!"
you made me curious because I used to think that dogs were mostly allergic to cocoa butter, so I went on Google and found that you are right. theobromine that is found in chocolate is in cocoa powder too. and the more interesting fact I found was that it can also be found in tea =o never knew that. I guess no tea for doggies either. I loved this video by the way! you are such a cool lady and a classic beauty! definitely going to subscribe! =D
Adding all that salt really isn't good for you.
Does a dehydrator get hot? When she pulled out her brownies the second time, she just used her hands. No oven mitts or anything
Your dog is so cute :D
I made these using dark chocolate instead and also folded in cacao nibs. BEST. BROWNIES. EVER.
basically a cosmic brownie!
Is the cocoa powder unsweetened?
your recipes are vegan but not raw
Your so cool and the dog is really sweeeet!!! Hehe :)
on the ingredients, when it says "T", does that mean teaspoon or tablespoon?
she is beautiful. what does she do? is she famous? i bet she does a lot of sports, beautiful skin.
If you put that ganache on ice cream it is like magic shell!
Can I use raw local honey in lieu of agave/maple syrup or is that a big no-no?
You're like the Jennifer Lawrence of vegan food
man! i love this chick's nonchalant attitude hahaha
@samMehta she used almond milk, not cow milk
She's funny.  Love the videos!
I thought vegans can't drink milk because it comes from the cow? But she used milk in the brownie.
a day for brownies? I'd die
i like your voice
how much calories is in one serving?
It's supposed to be Raw, not just vegan too... Of course vegans don't have to eat raw...  But would you want to eat raw flour???
Love it! You're so cute and funny!!' Omg!!!
Can you use some different kind of flour instead of the cashew flour?
Why don't vegans use regular flour??
a flipper?  ... it's called a Go-under..  .. :-)
sarahbear892 Hahaha, no problem. And yeah, the crappiest people really love to hang out in the youtube comment section it seems! Lol. Bewaaaaare.
Why do some people have to go on a perfectly fine, non-controversial vegan recipe video, just to find or start to bitch about something and drag others into pointless debate? Just..WHY? It's pretty fucking obvious your agenda is NOT to ask a question, but to ask a question (or just make a plain flat out rude and opinionated, uninformed statement such as "Veganism makes no.sense/is stupid" in hopes of getting vegans to reply, then being rude and trolling them, then turn around and make it like you're a "victim" having them "force their beliefs on me" when that is infact what you did as soon as a vegan "dared" to respond to you. And some idiots who defend you guys even believe it. This is irritating.
sarahbear892 and @Renae Chay Boxoboo or whatever her/his name is, is indeed a troll..I've seen them on several vegan videos like this asking a question such as that, and regardless of how politely the person responds to their question, they get extremely defensive and they type all this jargon dragging people into debates...I think it's fair to say they're just finding something to fight about people with.
Marry me
I feel like I've contributed half of the views on this video.
Wooooooow to complicated
The dehydrator is a huge wrench in the plans. For a marketing point of view, the viewers want to make it exactly as you do in the video. Why, if you're going to mention the over, would you not just use it? Who has a dehydrator laying around? Not I.  Just a thought.
What about writing the ingredients in the metric system as well. A bit annoying trying to make this and having to convert everything. Or don't you have audience outside of the land of cupsssss
I am not vegan, i do not eat raw that often and i am straight.. why did i watch all your videos in two days?
She has pretty eyes
Bring Buzz on more shows, he's awesome!
Benny Harvey RIP
Why not admit this is a chocolate truffle, and dehydration is just cooking at a lower temperature.
I think you look like Vanessa Vinillo just a bit, and the voice!
When are you comming back?
I'm going to make actual brownies now. cool recipe though
she's so hot
Lol at the end, that was so cute!!!!
In the fridge!!
Ganache, one of my favorite words...ever. lol Well played.
THAT MAPLE SYRUP LOOKS WATERY. IS IT FAKE. OH MY GOD NOT THE FAKE MAPLE SYRUP. GET THE REAL KIND. THIS IS BOTHERING ME SO MUCH I LIVE IN VERMONT AKA THE HEART OF MAPLE SYRUP IN THE US AND IM SCREAMING. NO. STAY AWAY FROM THE FAKE SYRUP. ok move on.
I'm not vegan myself but I love your recipes, but a question: what if you had children and they're allergic to nuts/soya? Would you mind letting them eat dairy products/meat?
The ending was so funny!! :D
You are absolutely gorgeous!!
Oh my god I freakin love you so much. I get so discouraged being the only vegan in my family and you have made my life so much easier and delicious! thank you so much!
Did she get a sun burn (no offence)
fun fact dogs can eat chocolate, just not toooo much but they can have a little
Is the dog vegan?
you often use cashews in your recipes, unfortunately I'm allergic to cashew (amongst many other things) do you perhaps have a substitute for cashews (needs to be lactose and gluten free)..would be awesome if you could help me out! thanks!
The dog's fart was perfect! Hahaha
You look beautiful!
See,I like her because she is not the type of californian-nut-crazy-vegan that everyone hates,she's actually pretty chill and doesn't go to deep into the whole vegan thing,she makes it sound actually pretty darn delicious.
These are in my oven right now. So far the batter is delicious, but I really wish there would be less cocoa powder: they're super chocolatey and I wasted a whole can :(
Best
Best
Omg when you poured the chocolate mixture out it didn't even look vegan I have to try this recipe
WTF did I just watch.
That ending was awesome
so gunna try this!!!
and what happens if you're allergic to nuts?
LOL Buzz. What a cutie. All embarrassed and such.
Laura you look gorgeous in this episode!! I'm yrying
Vegan makes no sense
Can you tell me where I get the sheets you used to put the brownies on are sold at.
i probably wouldn't watch this if she wasn't so cute.
Yum! Got to try these! And your eyes looked so beautiful...
Laura, you're so pretty
Holy****thatcheesecake.
20 minutes in the oven at what temp please?   Thank You!
hahahah wonderfuuulll
What is the brand of the dehydrator shown? I've googled it and can't find that same stainless steel one shown.
Love that you're now eating/tasting the food that you make.:-D these look awesome! How long would i have to bake these if i use an oven? And how long would these usually last? Thanks!
The ending tho !!!! Lol awwww
WTH is she eating on camera now!!!
looks absolutely stunning......and the brownies too! =P
So this may seem like a super dumb question, but humor me. If I bake these in an oven like normal brownies, do I lose any nutrition benefits? Cause all it really is is coconut oil, nuts and chocolate anyways.
I was wondering, is it possible to make popped bbq potato chips in the dehydrator?
How do I transition to being vegan? How should i start off? I to switch what I eat to a vegan diet
Thanks for the heads up on the cinnamon. This is gonna rock.
You look gorgeous.  Love every video
Thanks for this.  Do you have a recipe for raw vegan cole slaw?
You're so funny
LOL I do the same, I want to eat all of them right away! They look delicious. Thanks.
Ok she just turned me into a vegan!
Can we use just milk instead of almond milk?
Maybe this is a dumb question but what do raw vegans eat that is equivalent to a WARM brownie? Also my favorite part of the brownie is the edge... Does this brownie have an equivalent?
Does anyone know what I can use instead of the coconut oil for the ganache? Haven't been able to find it where I live...
Unless you can quote any long term scientific studies on an ingredient being 'good for you', climbing onto the superfood/healthy foods wagon can be dangerous! The reason being, there are enough people that will see this video and start spooning on cinnamon into everything.
"1 c maple syrup"  What does the c stands for?
Hahaha you are really funny :)
Hahaha you're the best! I'm also like I'm gonna eat some (Ahaaa!) So delicious. My mouth is watery *_*
I've been a vegetarian for almost three years now, and I absolutely love it! though I still eat dairy and eggs, I'm definitely thinking of going vegan... so these are awesome for me to try and see how I feel about it! haha awesome!
Be careful with the cinnamon, if you're using cassia cinnamon (you most likely are),  overconsumption(more than 2 grams a day) can damage your liver.
what kind of dog is this?
can't wait for the lavender cheese cake!
oh god... i really want to be your friend, you look like a fun person :D
next weeks video looks SO good!
OMG YOURE EATING!! u said u won't ever eat anything on camera :P
the way she said remember though
Superb!! Only half the mixture made it to the oven :p and more greedy fingers stole the rest straight after. Will have to try the ganache next time. Yum yum. I'm never returning to regular brownies.
Best video so far!!!! Everything was so great!!!
wow this women's voice is so sexy and she is so gorgeous omg
6:00 is why I will continue to watch you, Laura.  You make food fun.
Laura, great video, as always! You should out Buzz in future videos, he seems like such a chill ass puppy!   *I call all dogs puppies no matter how old they are!
Laura thank you for the recipes.  You are awesome!
OMG SO EXCITED FOR NEXT WEEK
Lol these look tooooo good! I might actually eat a whole tray!
Oh my oh my next week's lavender cheesecake looks DEEEE-LISH,
Love!  BTW, you look really nice in tho video - hair, makeup and wardrobe are rockin'!
"just stepping over my dog." That's cool that they let you bring your dog on set.
i love you ok
Can the vitamix do all the stuff your food processor does? I bought a food processor it's still in the box cuz I was thinking about going for the vitamix, I notice you use both. Is it worth it to have both ? Plus your awesome!!!!!
I think these recipes are fascinating (and most likely delicious), though Laura takes a lot of liberties when discussing the benefits of the ingredients she uses. In the case of cinnamon, there have yet to be any conclusive, peer-reviewed studies proving the purported benefits described in this video. This tends to be the case with most so-called "super foods" as well. Use ingredients because they taste good, not because they're in vogue. The "healthiest" diet is a varied one, and barring things like trans fats that serve no dietary purpose, everything in moderation is perfectly fine, as the old cliché goes.
love you <3
I love this show but i kinda wish it gave more ideas for everyday raw vegan meals
Laura is looking just INCREDIBLE in this one
will be trying these for sure!
I thought the new season was supposed to have some nut free recipes.
"or else your brain will explode. that's just science" Laura you're the best :P
sassy gay friend: " NOOOOHH THAT'S PURRRFFECTT! AH!"
so niceeeee
This looks really good. Even if you didn't mention the cinnamon, I would have added it in. There's something about cinnamon and chocolate that just makes me my mouth happy.
Aren't cashew not raw...?
OMG SHE ATE IT, SHE ATE THE BROWNIE
Girl you're looking good in that outfit!!! Lol love the recipe will give it a try.
Laura why u so pretty
Goodness. Can't wait for the cheesecake. Mmmmmmmmm
Someone help me out: what's the cited benefit of raw, as opposed to just vegan?
Has anyone asked where her outfit is from? Where is your outfit from? Very lovely.
yumii…a probar como me sale…se ve buenazo
man I swear she's an angel.. so beautiful  looking forward to that lavender cheesecake vid
"Doggie fart, gladdens my heart." Amelie 4 eva
Hahahaha, I love the dog! That was just too perfect!
Yea, ganache can get away from you really quick. I recently used it for the first time and it turned into a massive lava flow. I had chocolate all over the counter. Those brownies looked amazing.
Cinnamon is healthy for you in small amounts, but in bigger amounts, like in the cinnamon challenge, your liver can take damage. It is not digestible for your liver and it will build up in the liver if you get too much.   So please!! Use small amounts of cinnamon for your own sake :)
Cinnamon so enhances brownies, I've got to try your recipe. Looking forward with much anticipation for your Lavender Cheesecake, I'm a Lavender junkie ;) and the color of your cheesecake intrigues me, magenta pink toned!
What's a dehydrator? I've been wondering that
She's so fit
Buzz is soo cute!!!
Am I the only one who noticed that Laura has gotten more fashionable over the course of the videos? XD YOU GO GURL!!!
You are so pretty!!!!!
the "sound effects" at the end! i won't lie, i watched that part about 10 times. XD
C'MON MY FAVORITE DESSERT NEXT WEEK! <3 Love you laura hahahaha  :D
I'll stick to regular nut free brownies
These look AMAZING! Also unrelated, but I love your outfit!
I am for sure not vegan but I love watching these. Her personality is amusing.
What's the problem with wheat flour?
My dog's name is Buzz also. He's a Basset hound/ lab mix.
"Next time on raw vegan not gross, lavender CHEESECAKE"  there is something wrong in that XD
what kind of dog is Buzz???? :) Beautiful and awesome as always! I just wanted to say you always go an awesome job, and that I love love love ywathcing your show because normally when you hear "raw vegan" everyone stereotypes Hippie, or when you get the really hard core extremists it kind of puts you off. You aren't like that at all I love how you kind of bend the rules and are so open and cool about everything! You have an amazing charisma keep up the awesome work :)
she looks beautiful, as always. DAMN YOU LAURA
Don't understand the raw aspect...
Not even close to raw with maple syrup and coco powder
I love your recipes, and your outfits are all so pretty!!
There's a young woman in my town in germany who opened up a vegan café called "cakes n treats" a few years ago. She makes awesome tasting and -looking cakes...even wedding cakes! She now opened up a second café in London, I'm curious how this is going to work out :) you can find her on facebook, just search for "cakes n treats" and take a look on her cakes! ...and treats? :D
OMG OMG SOMEHOW I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA DO A CHEESECAKE NEXT TIME OMG THIS IS LIKE A MIRACLE!!!
Shes sooo funny! I watch because I love Raw Vegan and she has such good ideas for recipes :) Please do more dinner options!!!
I wonder how she cleaned the stuff. I can't see myself rinsing a thing off without eating from that bowl. lol
Buzz is absolutely awesome!
I don't know why but laura looks extra beautiful in this video :)
Does this woman have instagram?! Great cook and beautiful, even a dog... this is why I don't have TV
What is the benefit of doing them in the dehydrator rather than just oven baking them for 20minutes?
Buzz got his revenge.
That brownie mix looks so good. I probably would have just taken a spoon to the bowl. Makes me wonder how it would be if you took globs of this brownie mix and put it in ice cream.  Great recipe and additional thumbs up for farting Buzz! It is relatively safe to give a dog chocolate, just not a lot. In small amounts its not likely to hurt them. Seen plenty of dogs eat chocolate with no adverse reactions.
Oh Laura~ You brighten up my Thursdays. Never leave me. Thanks <3
I love the naturallyness (?) of you
you got used to the camera ! lol still looking hot and beautiful:) the brownies looks good  I will definitely try because of you and the easy raw.vegan recipe:D
What if you are a raw vegan and you are allergic to nuts
I need to go raw once a week cause this is awesome.
I love your recipes but I wish you would make things without Maple Syrup or other cooked sugary things. It defeats a lot of the purpose for a lot of people.
Sure, blame it on the dog
What's the point of raw food? I don't get it. Can you explain it to me?
OMG so good!!
The best thing about cinnamon is that it can enhance the sweetness, so you can add less sweetener.
missing the weed xD
Completely forgot that the dehydrator would not be hot- when she used her bare hands to take the brownies out I panicked! oops :-)
Haha, the ending!
I LOVE this!! Can't wait for the next recipie!!
Gosh you look gorgeous... ^^
Yum!
they look sooo good :D
Who even likes cakey brownies? Fudgy is exponentially more delicious.
mmmmmmmhh those brownies look fantastic :)
Can't wait to try this :)
