😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Round axle stub for a round axle tube. Square stub for a square tube. It's pretty simple.
Awsome
I noticed at the end of the video, what seemed to be the axle welded to a frame (at 6:28). What is a purpose of that? Why isn't it suspended via spring??? Have never seen that sort of design.
Muchas Felicidades Joven Por Su Canal.  Saludos Cordiales Desde Mazatlán, Sinaloa, México.  .
Sir why stub has different steps that is that up and down
Very well done. Thank you.
Wow, just wow. I've seen middle school shop projects that were less sketchy.
Hi how much lbs it can hold with this type of axle?
Is my is my mother goose club out.
Like si veniste a jalartela.
Pongan más videos de porno es lo que más estusiasma.
1:40 dog: help my please
Ingat....  Ada allah....
Fantastic.
This is all good but how do we go about making the axles parallel to each other?
that trailer going to bounce like crazy, wheres the leaf springs? you don't weld the axles to the frame.
@2:23...... much easier to file/machine/ grind a small flat area on the stub(haha) spindle for the length needed. Yeah, I know this was four years ago. :)
This setup should NEVER venture onto the highway. It would be unsafe except at very low speeds.  It is suitable only for moving slightly and slowly around the yard, maybe? (and being very careful so as not to bend the axles).  When there are two axles, like you are using,  springs and equalizers are there for a very good reason.  I have seen tandem (two) axles mounted without springs under a car hauler (using very strong tires that can absorb the shock loads, instead of springs).  It can be done, but they at least need "equalizers"  (a pivot point in between the two axles where the two axles can swivel up and down in relation to each other).  Without that center pivot point? just traveling across any sort uneven ground (bumps or dips) could be very hard on the frame and tongue structure, axles and tires.  Just jacking the tongue up and down to hook up and unhook for towing? could cause damage to your axles or frame. Travel over a bump or dip could cause one axle or wheel and/or tire to be overloaded and damaged while the other carries no weight at that point. Tiny homes can weigh perhaps 5000-6000 kilos or more when finished and furnished.   Normal trailer tires  can only handle those loads because they can share it equally. If you need two axles for the load? they must be able to conform to terrain and movement or they will be overloaded.  Imagine when you need to turn sharp for maneuvering into  or out of the parking spot? With no suspension (leaf springs and equalizers) to flex and give while the turn scrubs the wheels sideways, there is only the tire sidewalls to absorb that. With too sharp a turn it could unseat the tire bead and flatten it. The steel wheel rim, loaded that heavily, could cut your sidewall and even ruin the rim.  Be very careful. Hopefully the finished house only has to move once slowly a short distance on smooth level ground with gradual turns. From the shop to the close by permanent parking spot it will probably work.  If you want to sell this home to some chap  someday who needs to move it across the country?  It will need re-fitting with suspension before the trip.  Much easier to just do it right the first time.  With the amount of investment in a tiny house? it really doesn't make sense to skimp on this small detail.  A complete tandem axle suspension kit would cost perhaps 1/2 the price of the tires this home will need.
Hoekom gebruik jy nie eerder pyp ipv square tubing?
How can you have a trailer without shock absorbers?
Horrible video! No 1 there called spindle’s not stuns! And why on earth are you welding spindles into a square tube ? Those spindles are made to fit inside round tubing! And you welded the axle to the frame??? Where’s the leaf springs? Jeez!! That thing is going to snap at the first bump in the road! I been building trailers for 25 years and never saw anything so ridiculous as this! Smh!
Nice :D
nice one mate... i built a tandem car transporter without springs...towed mint..no point having springs if the load has springs, as we find with our speedway cars that they tend to wallow around as the car on top cycles through its own suspension travel..
Hi, would you be interested to build this trailer for somone else? thank you :)
Just curious on why not a square sub instead of round
Curious?.. Why rigid?
I never fillet weld completely around the stub. I've seen too many stubs shear off with a load of gravel on the motorway. Just some really good plug welds.
I am curious, why not use a round tube?
Are you kiwi?
im making a dirtbike trailer my trailer frame is 1500 wide so how long do i cut the pipe for the axle ?? is it the same width or a bit longer or shorter?? plz reply thanks
thanks very clear.
So no suspension?
