I really like the design.  Nice table and good idea with the removable top.
Was the arm rest part of the table strong enough with just the pocket screws?  My thought is people tend to put some weight on it when they lean over to look at the game. Have you had any problems with the arm rest?
just google Woodglut :))
I recommend Woodglut to every beginner and not only.
That „Warning - maintain the quarantine“ poster in the room at the end hits differently in 2021...  awesome job, there’s a lot I would change to match my personal taste but you did splendid work
Awesome work dude!
I loved this project so much I have watched the video like 20 times and built the table in Fusion 360 so I can make one myself!!
What do you think the chances are that I can do that cut for the legs at 0:48 with a mitre saw?  Or will I have to find a friend with some higher end tools?
Nice! I have been trying to settle on a plan for my table. I think this is it. Thanks!
I am in the end stages of building a replica of this exact table. Really wish I knew where he got that beautiful quilted velvet fabric, though!
Do you have specs on this table?
Those rings in the top are ugly as fuck. Gotta figure something else out.
All I could think at the end was "All the food pieces that will get stuck in the space between the outer edge and the removable top...." Looks good though!
That was a nice looking table.  I wish I had the room to make a table like that.  My place is really small for gaming.
Pretty neat, but I would have made 45 degree angle joints on the edge boards.
When i grow up than this will be DEFINETLY in my dining room
Great build. I'm looking at building something similar for a friend. I may just have to steal some of the ideas in here.
i would definately be interested in some plans or at least a list of cut lengths and materials. can you or do you have anything of the like?
Do you have any written plans for this project? I would love to recreate it. I would be willing to pay for them.
How do you keep spills from going between the edges of the top onto the gaming surface below?
How long did the project take?
What did you use for your fabric table top gaming area?
What did you use for your fabric table top gaming area?
I really like this one. I wasn't sold on the handles, but when I saw the finished piece I realised it didn't matter that they were there; no need to hide it, and that area of the table is often covered anyhow, and it doesn't matter for gaming because you've got that already covered!
nice idea.  also great punisher posters. i have them both
How were you able to get the rubber matting and green fabric nice and flush with the edges and floor of the table?
How did you attach the bottom plywood?
what was the total cost of materials?
