I like this guy straight to the point easy to understand   great info.  I know an air gap is sometimes used in dishwasher installations but it's not required in all states. check if your state requires an air gap before you install your dishwasher.
It's always a good idea to add a loop to your drain line to prevent water from draining back into your dishwasher!
Will the nipple have a knockout? 🤔
how do you hook up the hot water to the faucet if the washer machine has the line
How do you hook the faucet up?
3:09 Draining the dishwasher start
Great video! Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
This guy is great.
99% perfect thank you
HI shannon, I have a question for you. I don't think you mentioned in the video. When running the drainline from dishwasher is it necessary to run the drain line up high to create  a high loop and then it can be run back down to the connection on the sink drain upstream of the P trap? Iv'e read and seen in other videos where they say the highloop in the drain is necessary even though they usually loop it on the side of dishwasher from manufacturer.
What about air gap
If you are connecting the dishwasher to the hot water line, where will the sink be connected to have hot water? I don’t see a splitter or anything 🤔
Great video and thank u for showing this with the cabinet out of the way bc all the other videos on here has everyone either ffwding through the hookup part of the video or it's dark under a cabinet and u couldn't tell. I can tell u actually put some thought into ur subscribers actually being able to understand the content and for that reason I actually did subscribe and liked it. Thanks alot for all ur information! I will be checking out more of your videos in the future. Keep up the good work !
If you're using the hot water pipe for the dishwasher where is the hot water for the sink come from?
As always I have to watch about four videos that are duds before I get to the perfect one that makes sense. It was worth it! Thank you for taking the time to precisely and clearly explain how to do this. Now I feel I have the knowledge to do most of the work to  retrofit a new dishwasher on my own. I’m on a tight budget and if I didn’t do a lot of the work myself I never would’ve been able to afford it. Thank you!
Thank you Shannon. Well said and great detail on the installation bro    :)
QUESTION... I see you took your water supply from the Hot water pipe, shouldn't it be hooked up to the Cold water pipe? Every other video I've seen they get the water supply from the Cold pipe..?
Exactly the information that I was looking for. Thanks.
Save me again Shannon!
great video, thanks
Great video! I am looking forward to installing a dishwasher in my home. Thanks for sharing!
should there be a hammer arrester ?
Thnks for The video … helpful !!!!
Thank you. Great video
Omg the rental house I’m in doesn’t have that T for my hot water into the dishwasher. I have to choose between having hot water in the sink or water in the dishwasher
You are the man. Thanks!
Well explained,  thanks so much 🙏
Your videos never fail me! Thanks man
Good video, 👍
Thanks for the demo. I wonder why my dishwasher leaks from the top of the sink. I have a spot for soap dispenser on top of the sink, but my dishwasher dump the water out of it and I'm constantly had to pick all the water back inside the sink. I wonder why this backflow
When I search for something on YT and I see a Shannon video, I know I'm going to understand it 🙂
Video starts at 1:25
And then we add a disposal unit to the system !!
very helpful thank you
Clear to the point of contact, but nothing showing the connections to the dishwasher.
Better than "This old house."
“Upstream of the P-trap.”
This is a good one! Thanks!
Hi  Great video, just one question  Am renovating my house  And my plumber install a hot water pipe behind the dishwasher think it’s just for the dishwasher the old kitchen is ripped out but the old plumber work is still there  I don’t know is this right
Strange don't have a p trap under my sink any idea why a new build would be missing that? Should I put one in?
Great Video !!  finally found a video showing sperate sink drain lines !!  retro the kitchen plumbing to setup dishwasher hook up .
TY Shannon, I am upgrading my kitchen and will be replacing all valves and dishwasher . Any gocha's using 2 ended shut off valve as apposed to daisy chain 2 shutoff valves?
I have watched a couple of your videos and learned a lot. You do a good job of explaining and showing clearly. Thanks.
Is this video R rated? Should be at least PG 13 with the amount of nipples!
You are totally dont think when p trap block. Water from the sink will flood out of dishwasher. To prevent it happen you must raise the dishwasher hose up high to level up with level of the sink surface to prevent it. It is very important that you missing or forget.
I put my drain after my p trap. I have issues with water in the bottom of my dishwasher. I am on my way to buy the part to right my wrong.
I'm installing a dishwasher two cabinets away from the sink.  we decided this worked best for us.  I do not want to run supply and drain hose through the cabinets to the sink or under them in case of problems.  If i go straight through the floor where dishwasher is mounted i can tie in to the main sink drain about 4-5 away from the basement.  My guess is i would have to make a trap.  Should the trap be lower, even or higher than the main drain line?  I will tee off my hot water line which is nearby as well up through floor.
A bit old in 2020. We could do with an updated version. Dishwasher connections are way more sophisticated now.
Nice clean and simple , best video out there for DIY guys , thank you
Vents to low.
thanks a million Shannon, this video was very helpful, all the best
You need either an air gap fitting or the drain line has to loop above the sink flood level
very informative,well presented,A plus job explaining this,thanks
Clear, straightforward and very well explained. Thanks so much, it made my job so much easier knowing what went and why .... Definitely a "go to" video.
Very clear instructions. Thanks
Thanks for sharing and keeping it simple without semantics.
thank you!!
This dude is the best on youtube , everything perfect and well explained ..
Funny my radiator on my car is fine with 1 hose clamp an it gets hot an is under pressure.  No air vent an who would run copper pipe that high in the middle of the floor? Lol  Great video of what not to do.
What about the air vent?
How are you getting hot water to your sink now?
Your vent is too low, 6 inches above flood rim, and you forgot to mention the air gap requirement
I have never seen this type of setup before. The dishwasher is either connected to the garbage disposal or a compression tee to the sink drain. I'm not saying this is wrong btw...
What is the long, black pipe coming down the wall; a vent pipe? Where and how does it begin?Also, wouldn't it be OK to drain the DW below the trap(s) if there was plenty of air venting above the drain inlet such that no suction would be applied to water in the trap(s)?
Best Shannon line yet “or they should know or they shouldn’t be selling it.” With great hidden animosity... lol
Where do I cut holes in cabinet for dishwash water lines
Very helpful for an all thumbs guy like me.
thanks, that help me very much
Just what I needed.  Thanks!
You missed one thing... The drain line has to be placed higher than the drain trap. Some sinks don't drain fast and back up so if your drain line is not as high as the sink the backed up water can go into the dishwasher.
Great work Shannon,  I appreciate your videos,especially because I don't have to filter through a 45 minute video to find pertinent info.
A single trap should suffice.
Just clicked on this and thought you were the guy on the tv gold rush lol anyways good video thank you
All water supplies need backflow prevention to protect the potable water in the distribution system. Most homes do not use vacuum breakers so there's an air gap on fixtures. An air gap is where the fixture spout is above the floor level rim like a faucet being higher than the sink. A dishwasher should also have an air gap bcuz grey water can back up into the dishwasher causing illness and can contaminate the water in the distribution system. Look up dishwasher air gap and protect your family
great video, I just bought a dishwasher and my house never had one. this helps alot.
Thanks a lot for uploading this video. This is a very helpful posting.
I thought the dishwasher water line to be connected to the cold water?
Thanks to your videos i was able to install a Dishwasher by myself... the contractor wanted $500 to install the very same dishwasher.... my wife told me to write this review and say thank you sir. lol
2 clamps? opposite directions? where do people come up with this?
Is it better to run your dishwasher drain through a Tee wye like that or through your garbage disposal?
great video, now I can fix my drain problem,When the  waste disposal would run, crap would come up through the left drain,made the little misses mad,,Happy woman,happy wife,a lazy husband causes strife???
I have watched a lot of videos on YouTube you by far are the best at showing what to do.  Keep up the good work!!
Thanks for this video, while a simple process I've been looking for something exactly like this now for a long time. Also I sell those connections at a hardware store and agree 100% "If they don't know what it is they shouldn't be selling it"
The problem here is that everyone shows hooking the supply line up to an existing water supply with the dishwasher hookup ready to go. In this case, I can see the hookup for the dishwasher but not for the faucet. In other videos, they have the faucet already connected and the dishwasher is a replacement from an old unit, so the water supply is ready to go. I am installing into an already completed sink and cabinet where there is no previous dishwasher hookup and only the faucet shut-off. I was hoping to get some information on dealing with that scenario. I've viewed many videos and no one deals with that.
Should have mentioned that almost all dishwashers on the market are designed for 3/8 water lines. So you would need to either already have 3/8 plumbing or have a plumber come out and either reduce or replace the existing water lines. Also to mention, that Pex water lines will not connect to any of these dishwashers unless you buy a shark bite fitting that reduces down to 3/8s. Also if you hook up a dishwasher to a brand new garbage disposal ( rather than hooking the drain of the dishwasher to the main drain via a spicket) make sure to pop out the plastic block inside the garbage disposal. If you dont, the dishwasher will not drain.
If my dishwasher is going on a back wall but my sink is on a side wall, will longer supply lines and drain tubes work ... turning a corner?
good video, thanks you sir.
cheers for helping me go out of business man...
Don't hook drain line into dishwasher disposal. It always ends up flowing back in with food particles. Personal experience.
thank you! its so clear now :)
Got it!  Thank you... again.
What is e 25
What is the name of that nipple that goes on the wye fitting? Reducer, nipple?
does a toilet need a vent pipe? thanks...
Thanks for your DIY videos, Shannon!  It is very helpful to see someone else do the job, first, and in slow motion, with detailed explanations.   ... For connecting the dishwasher's drain hose to the house DWV system, I recommend the following terminology: Instead of saying "connect before" say "connect upstream", as in "...connect the dishwasher's drain pipe upstream of the trap...". Instead of saying "connect after", say "connect downstream", as in "...do NOT connect the dishwasher's drain pipe downstream of the trap...". This is based on the concept that in the house drain pipes, water flows like a river, according to gravity, in one direction.  And that direction is always down-hill or down-stream. ... Does that clarify the situation?  Can anyone else suggest other descriptive words?
Shannon's the man with the house improving plan.
I've been looking for a video showing a dishwasher installation like this for 8 yrs. Thank you for the much needed help.
must be in Ontario, as Canadian plumbing code requires a mechanical shock arrester on all dishwashers and washers. We in B.C would use a running trap so no 2 ptraps , and no change in direction till it 100mm above flood level rim. Line clean out is missing.
I like the 2 clamp idea.  Great tip!   Thanks Shannon.
That looks to be a J trap, Not a P trap... The Most common dishwasher drain hookup is into a garbage disposal...
Great vid
Thank you for the video, all vids  . I learned a lot . Thanks
great video
Shannon, your videos are always so well explained, thanks for taking the time to produce them.......
