Works great… assuming you live in american cardboard home
what would you do if the wall is Solid brick?
Nah ill use clips and tidies
Yeah american Walls hahahha
Your new pass through boxes say low-voltage on the box for a reason dummy
Most electrical codes frown on running power cables inside walls - you might want to check.  Another more expensive option uses an approved power line (Romex for instance) between the two boxes to run the power cord separately.
I hung mine yesterday above the fireplace and didn’t think much about the cords. Due to the placement of coax coming out of the wall, and the wall sockets, and the shear amount of cordage involved. It’s a nightmare. Built in shelves next to the mantle, and inflexible coaxial has made hiding the mess of cables almost impossible.
You should say at the very beginning, this works for walls made of paper.
All those tools but no Sheetrock saw nor inserted a lifter screw 🤷🏾‍♂️ 😅 would’ve look better on video
Here in Brazil this doesn't exist!!
A little hint: Run a piece of string along with the cables. Why?  If you add a new box that needs to connect to the TV, it makes it much simpler to pull the cable through later. and if you make he string long enough (say 3-times the length between the holes), it will stay in place and can be used multiple times.
Beautiful WORK Sir! Thanks for sharing and making it look so easy...BRAVO!
Not sure I can trust this video because of the rookie mistake. Everyone knows the first thing to do with a stud finder is to beep it on your chest to confirm it works.
Nice job looks great
The wires are still sticking out of the wall, you just have them hidden by the wall unit, correct?
Thank you 🎉 great content
Cuando hablas de pesos te refieres dolares?
Chido = buen trabajo = good  Job
Where I'm from, houses/rooms have concrete walls. I'm always surprised to see that kind of wall. It holds up that wall mount rather well, but I'll always be anxious of that
But if you pull the tv out on the swivel mount you won’t have enough wire for that.
Just a trunking would have done a simple job to keep those cables neatly
Concrete wall here 👋. My cutter is very sad 😢. Maybe ... Died.
Fire video
8 million views!!! This was easy, awesome and so simple people with no experience can do it. AWESOME JOB!!! Explaining the entire process :)
What do you do when the wall is filled with insulation?
TV is higher than eyeline when standing 😳  r/tvtoohigh :(
Some issues,  cords not long enough to travel in the wall.   If you have insulation in the wall.   If you want to adjust the tv by swinging it out, not enough cord.   Seems simple enough if you overcome the issues.
Americans and their cardboard walls.
Wow what a fantastic idea to hide all the wires very good informative video thanks for making video.....
Your tv is insanely high up on the wall
Thank you for being awesomely cool!
if you want Geek Squad to do that - THEY WON'T
Thats crazy.. those $4.95 a piece boxes are now almost $10 a piece as I just bought 2 of the exact ones at Home Depot.. but again, this is 8 years after this video was posted.
Hope they can make In wall use approved extension cables as this one is code violation
Good job and thank you very much for the tip 👍🏻
That TV is mounted way too high
✅
Can you hide TV power cord behind wall? We don't recommend that you put your TV power cords behind your wall. It's against code, and for good reason—it's a fire hazard and against National Electrical Code. A regular power cord behind a wall can overheat or get damaged where you can't see it
!!!!!!! Power cords thru the wall like this are a code violation and a fire hazard in my municipality. You may want to rethink showing this step for non power cords only.
I live in South Africa and our houses are typically built out of brick (yes, even interior walls). How can I hide the wires in this case?
Where is the power socket connected?!
How can you get past the blockings?
*works only in poorly built homes of America*. Still a good vid :)
You shouldn't have your power wire go behind the wall.  It heats up
What if you have a brick wall instead of drywall?
I wish I could do this, but I have lathe and plaster. I'm going to have to modify the tool-set some, and hope there's enough space.
That’s not up to code in my area. You can’t just run power cables through the wall because they heat up and can cause a fire. Good luck collecting insurance with that
I love how you implemented the comment suggestions in your future video about hiding wires. I saw the kit and am going to do it that way! Cheers
Não serve para as paredes de alvenaria do Brasil 👀
Didn’t work with brick wall
Incredible video
so clean so easy long as you got dry wall i guess.
That's great, unless your home has real, brick and mortar walls.
I like how no one’s talking about how small that tv is and how high it’s mounted. Your neck will kill you after a few hours…
Excellent video, very good explanation and it was very easy to do. Thank you 😊
If you put wires in your wall that are not rated for "in wall use" you risk starting a fire, chief.
Your stepdad has a concave chest the t-shirts aren't hiding.
BIG BIG NO-NO with that power cord. NEC (National Electrical Code) NEC 400.12(5) states that power cords or extension cords cannot be concealed inside the wall. Power inside the wall must be Romex and terminate into approved wall outlet. I do this for a living and I have to study this junk al day. PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS! The reason is if that cord gets overloaded you cannot see or smell the issue until its too late. There are many other reasons for not doing it as well.
That power wire in the wall isn't to code
And...then people like me have lath and plaster...😒
Do American homes not have nogs/dwangs in the walls? before you do this you have to make sure that you dont have any horizontal timber in your walls
Why does no one mention anything about the horizontal "fire breaks" of wood that are placed between the vertical studs?
that ending , lol almost like how sopranos ended
Thanks. That was an easy straightforward video to follow. Good job!!
Great, only problem is that I don't live in a cardboard house you Americans call home. My TV wall consists of cement blocks and decorated with natural stone strips 😁.
You hung the tv too high unless you always stand to watch.  Eye level mounting is the usual standard.
Great job!! 👍👍
That's called a wall?? It's like paper
I have a solid wall.......................
Nice idea! Too bad I don't live in a third-world country, and my walls are made of concrete instead of glorified paper...
Looks nice and clean but a major fire hazard running the power cord thru the wall, and can heat up or even worse if the wire fails your insulation will light up extremely fast and you will have a major disaster.
There is a bedroom adjacent... if I drill a hole to hide the wires then there will be a mess of wires randomly in the guest bedroom.
Just a friendly reminder that if you have to hide your cables, the tv is too high, put it down lower
I live in South Africa now, and our inside walls here are solid brick. I knew there was something nice about the States.... lol.
I may be wrong, but I think It's not legal to pass unapproved electrical wires behind the wall.
LonggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggComment!
what happens when you pull the TV from the wall, did you leave slack for that and is it safe to run power cables thru the wall?
That is awesome and so easy! To have this done “professionally” costs $200 and up
All those tools are more than a tenner.
Yeah. Tell me what to do when your wall is made out of brick though
Hello ! Thank you very much for the video ! Greetings from Brazil !
He didn’t show how he put the cables through the first flap.
No drywall 😞
r/tvtoohigh
I love your videos, they have no fluff:) You get to the point, and speak intelligently about the entire project.
I wish that would work on our red brick walls.
Electric cord in wall is a code violation
The Wife: Honey, I think I would rather have the TV downstairs.   Me: 😳
Seriously?! You can't figure out what area of the wall is hidden by that large TV? How about putting your box near the mounting plate?
Nicely done but did you mention the electrical wires,gas lines etc that may be in the way?
Not for those who have brick walls
But what if your walls are not made out of cardboard? 🤔
Good video but you YouTubers forget that your videos travel the globe and wall construction in most of the world is not the same as in North America with Sheetrock and 16 inch studs behind the wall covering. In many countries it is rock, stone, brick, etc.
People, don’t do this. Running the TV power cord through the wall is against code everywhere in the US. An insurance company could deny your claim if they discover something like this after a fire.   Please just skip to his later video to find out how to do it right:  https://youtu.be/pe6H9sZMkhA
If your wall is made of brick or concrete, this sum may easily increase to $500, because you need a good enough hammer drill to make an opening for the cable.
Good clip... but I bet you had to extend all those cords to reach their destinations, hey? ;)
Good idea, thanks. I might use this product and method when I know how to restore the air seal and the insulation that might be lost from the wall holes.
But you have a pull out TV. You won't be able to pull it out anymore without major problems. Do you have a video on what to do about that?
Dangerous instruction to armatures. The channel or youtube should remove this video. Power cable in walls can start fires.
You should go ahead and correct this video for people who arent going to read your fine print about putting a 120volt power cord inside the wall. There is NO JURISDICTION where it is legal to put that 120 volt cord inside a wall. This creates a potential fire hazard and you are endangering people in order to get views. How about go ahead and do that.
Its just not code for a power cable to be inside the wall.
Who would ever mount their TV that high on the wall?
This video has helped me in a major way. Thank you. Clear & to the point.
Nice job. Very professionally and wel;l presented.
Very nice video! Thank you
Apartment help☹️❗️❗️
Can you please do 1 for brick walls
Really neat! Thanks a lot.
How about if you want to do it on an exterior wall?
Thanks I will try to this myself
High ceilings have "fire blocked " walls in my state. My 10 foot ceiling has a horizontal 2x4 halfway up the wall. Makes life difficult.
Knickers! How do you feed a mains lead with a three pin plug attached to the TV?
I have mounted 100's of T.V.'s and before you start cutting holes you better check for fire blocks. I find them about 80% of the time also do this right and install a GFCI outlet behind the T.V. then you can use these box's for the cables if you want.
🔥landed🔥
I never knew about these items! Thank you for making and sharing this video!!
If you say “ go ahead and” one more time…..
Very nice
Is it against code to run the power cord down wall?
Mine is lathe and plaster.
Phenomenal ...!!!
I had a professional installer set up my new wall mounted TV and thank god!  On the other side of the selected wall are steps leading upstairs.  That means that they are internally supported with way more lumber than I would have thought, all of which completely ignored the regular stud spacing rules.  As well there were horizontal 2x4's in arbitrary positions.  Our guy was able to figure out all of that, but left alone I would have just messed up the wall!  He also mentioned that at least I hadn't picked an external wall, and until he explained it hadn't occurred to me that it would be full of insulation.  So unless you're SURE that this is a simple conventional wall, let a pro do it.
Thanks!  Was just going to start on this. You just me some time!
In Australia we would have a horizontal stud about 4 ft from the floor so the wires wouldn’t go past that point.
An external cavity with a gap betwine the external wall and the internal wall is OK but an internal wall with  a noggin is a different story  you will have to drill a hole in the noggin can be very difficult,
What you are advising and have done is dangerous and a violation of any locality code.  It is illegal to run flexible power cord in a wall as you have.  As you stated the boxes that fit in the wall are listed as "low voltage" meaning communication wires - HDMI, RCA etc.  You need to remove that power cord and install an outlet behind the television.   The reason you found this so easy and cheap to do is you did it incorrectly,  illegally and obviously winged it in never contacting a competent source such as an electrician or your county/city inspector. Don't mean to sound harsh but it is amateur unlearned advice like this that gets people hurt and homes burned to the ground.  Just call an electrician or better yet your inspector to verify what I'm saying.    Also flexible (electrical) cable has its own code vice romex.  I am an advanced handyman,  have owned my own business (successfully), have training in electrical theory, AC, DC  motors,  electrical transmission and worked 30 years as a power plant operator,  20 as a Reactor Operator and have numerous projects done on my home and others all inspected and approved by mine and other municipalities.  Including installation of an outlet - required behind one of our televisions.  Approved by the county inspector without issues.   Good luck in future projects and if you're dealing with electricity,  plumbing including gas lines or home structural contact a professional and ask questions.  Pull a permit and do it correctly.   It you don't and damage or destroy your home you have given your insurance company an out to not pay should they choose to.  That came directly from a major insurance company's agent.
why not show how it looks on the bottom end???  Its like you didnt finish the video?
Don't like stuff floating 'round in your walls? Where do you think the drywallers put all the scraps?
This guy is stupid , has no idea of electric codes and why they exist. This is illegal and immoral.
Please stop saying “go ahead”
TV’s a bit fucking high 107 cm to centre of screen not 177 cm, stiff neck’s all round.
Brilliant & easy👏🏻 thank you
Very neat installation 😁👌👏👏👏
u coulda done that 4 free brother...jus sayin.
Before cutting the first hole, I'd suggest you buy the house...
Well done! This is a tidy solution to a messy decor issue. Thanks
Brandon says, that's gonna cost you $14 in 2022!
good tutorial but can't have power cord run through it
Another thing to consider is how far down to put the bottom cut out.  If you have an open back TV stand  you might still see the cables poking out of the bottom hole.  So I would ensure that the bottom hole is well below the open section of the cabinet. If you have a closed back cabinet it doesn't matter.
Insulation made mine a little tricky
This works on hollow walls only. Not everyone has hollow walls
Note: This is a fire hazard.. Buy the proper plates for installation. They sell plenty that are up to code for these projects. Inform your viewers next time, homie.. I covered you this time.👍
Excellent demonstration. What about concrete or brick walls? Do you have any advice on how to hide TV cables? Regards Kais
The most daunting part is feeding & catching the wires which you skipped right over 🤔 Otherwise, good video.
You never put a power cord in the wall. I have always installed a plug-in.
Cheap but not recommended.  Electrical wire that comes with the TV is not up to code to go behind drywall.  The kit used is for low voltage wires only - it says so on the box.  CE Tech does make a kit to accommodate the 120V AC power.  This kit has heavily insulated solid copper wire that is up to code to be behind the drywall.  Also, the low voltage wires go though a tube and not commingled with the high voltage power cable. I definitely do not recommend anyone to use this method.
Thank you.
I hid mine for $0 just cut them off and now I read a book😆😜
When I've done this I go a little more excessive. I run keystone plugs for HDMI and a few RCA too just to make it look a little cleaner.
The TV is over the fireplace, so I have to go horizontal before I go down, any recommendations?
I knew that. I was just thinking a little different. I would have had exposed wires in the living room on the other side of the wall. I can see how this could be considered a little better, so I gave you a thumbs up and a subscribe smash!
I’d bet an electrician is charging you $100 for this job. Great video! Concise and to the point. It looks real clean.
Those pass-through plates specifically say for low voltage. It isn’t up to code (or safe) to run the power cord through the wall that way.
Seriously, why do all these DIYers show people who have only drywall. My house is 100 years old, all plaster & lathing.
2022 whos here
First time to watch and it won't be the last. 😁
you might want to check with your insurance to see if they will cover you in case of a fire with power lines in the wall that are not up to code.
Question running the electrical tv 📺 cable inside the drywall like you just did isn’t that a fire hazard and a code violation?? Please can anyone give me an answer thanks 🙏
This kind of stuff makes me jealous of Americans and their crazy thin paper walls. Was expecting some kind of cable channels.
This looks so easy and well done.  Where do we purchase the boxes for wires? What are they called please.  Thank you
Cool trick, when your walls are made of cardboard....
Kemey
😂😂I had to laugh so hard.  Here in Germany, all the walls are made of solid material.  We don't have cardboard walls.
Good job
First step make sure you own the house not renting it. Cause if its not your house officially you cant do anything to the wall unless you have permission.
Cries in european where we have actual walls and not cardboard boxes for walls.
Awesome! 👏 👏
Good job
Americans and their walls
Looks great! I HATE exposed wires! HATE them!  I find videos like this therapeutic.
Nice video. Just wish that you showed how you fed the wires...
All of that, but I still didn't see how he connected the wires.😐
Thanks for posting this!! I'm a newly single mom so I am trying to learn all kinds of DIY installation techniques like this lately and the step-by-step instructions are super helpful for someone like myself who doesn't have much basic knowledge of this kind of thing. (I subscribed to your channel now!)  I do have one question though before purchasing the recessed outlets. I found them on Amazon and I see there are two options for either "bottom opening" or "side opening" outlets. I am guessing that the bottom opening would be the correct ones to buy, but I just want to be sure. Can you answer this for me?  Thank you again!
👍👍👍👍
Hmmmmnn this job is done with easy peesy plaster board, I live in a house made of bricks, so trunking would work better.
If u really wanna hide the wires do it for free. Drill 2 holes in the wall and run the wires behind the wall
I did not see how you connected the power ?
Good comments and good video. I'd only suggest to run a cable pull with your TV cables. Thin nylon braid or even heavy fishing line works. You never know when you'll need to run something else.
great job mate
but i dont understand wht am i seeing if there are no cabls :D JK
That was a sloppy completely Amatuer effort perfomed by a obvious Amatuer homeowner type who has absolutely no idea what he's doing . Why do people who really don't do anything well and aren't Qualified post sh#t teaching others ?
If you dont have a drill, just punch it man
Why is that TV mounted so high? It's only at eye level if you're standing, or has this guy stolen Emmet's doudle decker couch from the Lego movie?
What about the 2 by 4 that is nailed across the studs.. Aren't these cross boards part of code?
Hey.... great product Where can I buy it? Thank you
Fish tape and recesed junction box stud finder for amateur
Great information 🙏🏽
Купил такие штуки, всё разметил по этому гайду. Стал прорезать дырки ножиком... Через месяц и 13 см бетона, наконец, доковырял. Оттуда неожиданно вылезла рука соседа и он схатил меня за ноздри! Но я отбился от него ножиком. Ножиков, кстати, пришлось поменять 8 шт пока ковырял, так, что бюджет вышел за $10, и вообще идея не сработала, и пришлось потом эту дыру обратно цементом заделывать и соседу обои переклеивать. Но мы с ним выпили, пока обои клеили и помирились. И обои два раза пришлось покупать, потому, что, когда в первый раз пили, в смысле клеили, посмотрели на намазанные обои и поспорили смог бы Федя (который "Надо, Федя! Надо!) выбраться бы из такого обойного рулона. Оказалось легко можно выбраться, так, что в фильме всё преувеличено!
Looks nice but that wall mount won’t function the same since the cords are inside the wall.📺
In my country houses do not have card board walls.
I don't like the idea of some critter chewin' on my 60" smart TV power cord.🤓😀 however, it looks nice and clean.
I have a brick wall though lol
American homes are literally made of paper
Thank you I appreciate knowing how to do this. Leaves such a tidy look.
eHow vibes
Reads box “low voltage plate” proceeds to install and run high voltage power cable through wall…
Great but how about something less permanent for those who like to rearrange often?
How can we do this on a solid wall?
Not much use if you have insulation in your dry wall really is it ?
Excellent
You ran the AC power cable through the low voltage plate. Did it violate electrical code?
👍
This is a bullshit video.
Nice Job
My lath and plaster walls thought this video was cute.
What if you have a English house, built in 1938 of brick?
If your tv looks like the intro to this video..don’t even bother wall mounting that atrocity..the whole appeal about wall mounted plasmas back in the day was “omg it’s beautiful..it’s like a painting like hanging..no wires no bulk” and plasmas weren’t cheap when they came out so if your dishing out thousands for a tv you’re gonna do it right and not half ass it..which is what most people buying 55 inch $299 TVs do today
i love how youtubers show how to do everything wrong
No insulation? Good luck in a outer wall!
Thank you good job!🔨
Any tips on what to do if gravity isn't going to help you run the wire in the wall?
Wow great Great thank You
Oh, this is great! Thanks for sharing.
Man you are my life hack !
Thanks 🙏
Cool video and nice idea, unfortunately outside of the USA we have walls made of bricks and not paper walls.
Why would you want to run power cables with signal cable?. to me you would run power cables on one side and signal cables on the other to stop any interference from the power cables
very much appreciates bro.. thank you from Indonesia 👍🏻
I have multiple TVs and I've saved $10 over and over, I invested in bitcoin ,now retired , can still see the cables.
Is the TV cord always long enough to feed through like that?
Great job you made it look easy
All good unless there is a horizontal support stud in the way so you cant feed wires down. You sgould explain checking for those studs as well before cutting the drywall.
I always wondered how this was done!  Thanks for posting.
What if you have insulation in the wall?
That is ok, but unfortunately almost the entire Europe and Western Australia, we have "solid" walls with a hard plaster rendered over. That trick doesn't apply. What a shame, it's such a good idea.
Just discovered your channel. Thanks for all the fantastic videos.
Might not be so easy if that was an outside wall with insulation.
I don’t understand why everybody mounts their TV’s so high up on the wall. Does everybody watch TV standing up now?
Great job, thanks
Looks so professional very good job thank you
Be prepared for a dusty room if you use a router.
Why use the drill for something so simple.
U r awesome!
This is a perfect video example of the fact that any schmuck can post a video on YouTube.
Hello, How did you check for the nogging; there is no mentioning of it.
Hung mine today but it's like a nazi bunker. All concrete 🤬
Not gonna work for everyone and won’t pass inspection
Very nice...I LIKE!!!
emplarily need anenst a vague shrine. wet, handsomely skillThe accid
lol u on video that’s why don’t like things floating in the wall
Rats and mice love this..
Now lower the TV about 3 feet and you’re good
I’ve made a hole into the next room
Good job
Before you do this check your TVs power cable most new TVs are not in wall rated meaning they can get a little warm and could potentially start a fire. Last thing you want is a house fire.
This is amazing! Part of solution to my problem. I have another problem. I want to install a electric fireplace insert to my wall but there are cable and data ports in that place of the wall. Do you have any suggestions?
To make this possible for 10 rupee... Now I have to spend 1 lac to remodify my brick wall to wall of cardboard.... Anyway it's great for them having a ply wall.
All I hit is insulation in the wall …. Any advise how to get through it ?
4:34 - the right screw just pushes in. Your screws shouldn't be like that.
Count how many times you say "go ahead and".
good job
The tv is too small for that wall.
Problem is most walls have insulation pressing up against the inside of the wall. My project came to an because the cables couldn't freely fall through to the lower receptacle. I now have to go get some fish tape to feed them through
മച്ചാനെ... പൊളിച്ചുട്ടോ
Love that he's watching GOTG
Fantastic video. Well done. Saved
Place a screw in sheetrock then after cutting pull screw & it won't fall in wall
I’m hoping that you’ll respond. It looks like this video is kind of old. I’m very curious when you want to add more wires, do you have to pull out the bottom piece so that the wire will drop down?
Great concept! But, my walls are stuffed with insulation. How would I drop the wires?
Put the blade away before pushing in on the drywall
Check for studs and wires on both the upper and lower areas before doing any cutting
How do you do this if the wall is filled with insulation padding?
Always start with the code violations so we don't find about them after having followed  the video
Can you run TV power cable through wall? A power outlet extension with building-safe wire: Under no circumstances should you be running the power cables to your TV behind the wall. These aren't up to code and they're fire hazards to boot. ... The only power cable you should run behind your wall are ones that come in a code-friendly kit.
Well my walls are not made out of cardboard
How do you thread the cables/wires from the top cut out to the bottom???
Childish solution
Where i'm living 🇩🇪 our walls are mainly made of bricks or concrete, so we have to use cable channels outside the wall, which doesn't look too good.
Are there any issues with pulling the TV out with the arm mount after doing this? I want to mount my TV with a similar mount that can extend the tv out, but I'm concerned about pulling on the wires if I tuck em behind the wall.
What’s the name of the box you placed in the wall?
I wish you would have showed the method of which you used to feed the wires through.
Wait a minute, it looked like he ran his tv power cord through the wall too with the other wires??? 🤣 you can’t do that sir, thats a legit fire! hazard! Totally against code and home warranty would be voided in the case of a fire. Everyone saying this is such a great video STOP! 🛑 DO NOT FOLLOW THIS VIDEO!!! unless you want to catch your house on fire! Only use low voltage wires inside of walls, a tv power cord could in some cases be low voltage but generally speaking it is not a low voltage wire! everyone knows that!
Directions not clear enough, now I’m stuck in wall please send help.
Looks great
National electric code doesn’t allow flexible wires or cables to be run inside a wall.
You missed a key word on the packaging, low voltage. Pretty sure it's against code to put pluggable wires behind a wall but I could be completely wrong.
Thank you for the video. I've always wondered how I could hide the wires if I hung my TV on the wall.
If I can do it, anyone can!  It looks so much better!  Thank you
What about a brick wall
Excellent work….thank you
Where to get ur wall tv mount?
Just moved into a new house and there's so many keys for all the different rooms/areas.. I was looking for a way to ID each key and that Key Loop looks really cool. Would be looking into that for sure.
That tv is way too high up. There is a perfectly good tv stand right underneath...
National Electrical Code 400.8 violation to put a power cable inside the wall.
Rip to indian house 🤪
It’d be just my luck to find that the home builder had “blocked”the studs, making it impossible to drop the wires down.
Perfect !!! Thank you!
Not bad 👍🏽
Why use a utility knife when you could chug a monster and punch a hole in the drywall
It’s an excellent idea with the proviso your telly never breaks snd you never want a bigger tv. Also remember this only cost $10 provided you have $400 of tools 👍🏻🙄
Thanks for the tips! I'd also check to make sure there aren't any studs running side to side where you're planning to drill for the top and bottom outlets. I found that one out the hard way.
I was excited , but then I remembered that I don't own a TV ...
Against NEC or CEC electrical code running high voltage wiring not rated (extention cord or tv power cord etc..) for in wall install. Don't do this with your TV cord, higher an electrian or simply install plug behind the TV fed from plug down below.
Prob a two-4 hour job for a first time install lol But good vid!!
Our wall is made of bricks. We need to insert pipe for this
What? No horizontal studs? 🤔🤔🤔
for US country mainly use of wood built their house that okay but for other country never use of wood all concrete how you bolt hole
Can we do this if a stud is in the way?? I have a ugly wire showing and this would look alot better if I can install it
I larger tv would help hide those wires lol
This is a great way to hide those wires, but not to code. You can’t have direct wires running from an appliance through a wall. It must be Romex type wire to prevent catching fire. There is a great system available that’s called “Power Bridge”. I use this brand and it is to code. It’s about $65 online. Just an FYI😎
Thanks!
Concrete wall pls lol
30cm concreet wall,...oeps
That tv is too small for that big wall..lol
Neat and clean. Good job!
Put a nail in the dry wall before cutting it out and you can grab it to prevent the dry wall from falling in.
Why are American walls made of cardboard
A few holes in the wall always works
Thank you for sharing
I hid the wires now where's my $10??
Who the fuck mounts a tv that small so high?
I have a friend in Houston who owns a business that does this. They do a lot of other tech work for private homes as well but I know hiding wires is a big part of what they do.
Good luck if there is insulation in the wall. Lol
Abbiamo smesso di costruire case in cartongesso 2000 anni orsono
*THE RICH SEES AN ECONOMIC CRISIS AS A GARAGE SALE ALSO THE RICH STAYS RICH BY INVESTING AND DIVERSIFYING THEIR PORTFOLIO WITH STOCKS, CRYPTO CURRENCY AND FOREX TRADING WHICH IS THE WISEST THING EVERY INDIVIDUAL NEEDS TO DO AND IT'S REAL PROFITING*
i was excited and  then i remember i dont even have a tv or House  .😭
How to hide TV wires cheap: Step 1: Don't have brick/concrete walls.
Well this is one of those things that look suppppeeerrr easy until……..
What about Indian walls
This doesn’t work in Mexico with concrete
And if you have a brick wall ?
You may have wood running vertically in those walls that the plasterboard is attached to so doing this will just put a lovely hole in your wall and you won’t be able to drop the cable down.
Cut 2 huge hole on wall just to hide wires
Guardians of the galaxy
why not show feeding wires down....
We dont use drywalls in south africa.  Mostly brick  wall hehhe.will use trunking
Too small tv to do all this...
Should've bought an entertainment center instead of putting it on the wall
A couple things, your not allowed to run high voltage wire (120V) through a wall with no protection possibility of a fire. The TV is mounted too high, and finally, you need a bigger TV for that wall!
Cool
My walls are really walls. I mean bricks and concrete.
Eazy Peazy!  Nice job. 👍
Put your TV on the table for 0$...
It is against electrical code to run electrical wires.  It can cause a fire.  You need to install an electrical outlet.
Sad your wife won’t let you get a bigger tv.
who has drywall living room  walls...im not in scotland 🤣
What did you do with the wires once you pulled them thru the last box?
I think it needs a pipe in between the two face plates so that you can drop a new cable down though the wall or if you replace the tv then trying to hook out the power plug with fingers in a bet up and though a tight gap is going to be rather interesting.
Great video
This looks amazing but is it a critter highway?
"I find that this stud finder thinks everything is power"...  ZAP ⚡
Your Tv may be a little high I think. Your gonna get a sore neck.
you must say about your card board wall before starting the video.....
In the UK dry wall / plaster board is often fixed to brick with big dabs of plaster. If you track down to a plaster lump you hit a road block. I don't think your stud finder will detect the dabs either.
Quicker  Paint them white  An paint the wall zebra
Yes in those fake American houses 😂  European houses are made of Bricks
Hmm, most houses that I know of have insulation inside their wall, so you can't just drop the wires down, but if you could, this is a great solution
It's all fun and games till you hit a firestop.
All's good till your house catches fire from any other means, but the investigators finds a tv power cord running through a "low voltage" wall plate.    No insurance claim here....
Doesn't really work if you live in a real house made of bricks.
It should have been glaringly obvious that the TV bracket was fixed to a stud
Good tips. But putting TVs so high up on walls is one of the worst trends thats publicly accepted.
Too bad those plates aren’t $5 anymore.
All that work for a 32" TV. Sad.
Great DIY Video. Very helpful Thanks
Beautiful & thank you
First off my man you mounted that way to high which is why you have so much cable to hide. Next thing is you don’t want to run the tv power behind the wall because if your house catches fire you’re pretty much screwed
TV for ants...
Ignore those TV wires for FREE😉
Unless you live in the UK where houses are made with bricks and not flimsy dry wall…
A paradise for spiders. Better just mount it a little bit lower.
Thats not a wall 😂
Lol try that anywhere in Europe with our brick and concrete walls. 😅
Sorry, brick wall but great idea.
I'd just simply get a casing and out over it
Easy as 123 💪👍👊😁😎
Really nice job there! Not sure about "code" elsewhere but where I live I can't feed the TV power cord through the wall like that. I had to add an outlet behind the TV to comply.
I don't know the regulations in America, but in Australia it's actually Illegal to run a power cable down a wall like you did.  A GPO (GeneralPowerOutlet) needs to be installed by a Licensed Electrician.
The tv is mounted way to high also when you move that tv the wires are going to get ripped out cause there too short.
Yeah okay if you have a drywall
Your best bet is just to not mount your TV high up on your wall. Who are the people who think this shit looks good, or that its easy to watch?  Just buy a tv stand so you can watch TV without straining your neck
This was a great vid. You kept it simple and the parts you used work great. I just did this over the weekend and it looks so much better.
Show how all those short cables got conected to each device...
All that for a 24 inch tv?
Yes, when you have walls made of "air" that will be ok. Try this in germany ;-)
Great video. I was able to hide my cables. Prior to watching the video I was scared as hell to try it. Thanks a lot!
Put a big ass picture 2 dollars
Is this fire hazard? Cause the technician guy told me that I must find a electrician to do it ?
Oye y si mi muro es de tabiques, como le podria hacer
Congrats now you can't change TV direction
10$ damn i cant afford that im indian
I saw the title and jokingly said "easy cut a hole in your wall" ..... lol
Is it still this easy if you have insulated walls?
The TV mounting bracket  is/should be screwed to a stud.   Anywhere within 15 inches from mounting bracket will be stud free.
What if you live in an apartment, can I cut holes like that? I know the answer, just 🤔.
thanks for the video
Why do you have the tv that high? Looks kinda funny :)
The TV is definitely mounted too high.
The TV is way too high on the wall.  It needs to be at eye level when you're seated, unless you don't mind getting a sore neck from looking up.  It's amazing how many people stick their wall-mounted TV's too high up the wall.  It's not a painting; it's a TV.
Good idea but your example is the ideal situation. What happens when you encounter a “fire block” between the studs? The wires will not drop down through the wall. That’s no twenty minute fix.
What about the huge draft thats gonna come outta that gaping hole around the wires especially in cold climates
Looks great but make sure your fire code before you put power wire in the wall.  Usually you will need an electrical box with
To spend $10, you need tools worth of $200... sounds like a Nigerian scam!
Ok, but... you can't run power cords in wall. Home warranty is gone if anyone sees that lol
This video should be edited to include the information about running a power line without conduit, that would be far more problematic than two  holes in the wall
You have to get permission from your Wife.
Thank you so much for sharing! ☺️
Yeah, that method not gonna work on a 100 yr old house that has wood slats and old rock sheet walls.
I was excited then I remembered houses outside the US aren't made of cardboard...
Probably a stupid question but can you reattach the piece of wall you cut out?
I love this perfect thank you so much
Also make sure all the cables are in wall rated. TV power cords are not in wall rated against code
I thought putting a power cable in the wall was a fire hazard code violation.
Thank you for showing us. This is great and easy! I can’t wait to try it.
Thank you so much. Completed this project and now TV looks Awesome. 10 minutes to complete. 😀
Are you gonna stand up watching TV or what? Whats witg people mounting TVs up against the celing?!
Isn't that a fire code violation?
Great except for the fact that it’s against code to put power cables through the wall
The tv position is good for people who don't want to sit. or neck pain will come soon.
Is that the Invicta pro diver on your wrist? Nice!
i've watched a lot of these videos and I'm thinking about adding more wires and stringing them together into an interpretive art piece so it appears the cords are not just hanging there but are in fact a dazzling minimalistic display of black strings against a white background.  I hate art but it's better than THIS crap.
you didnt show entire wire concealing process
Where's the tv plugged? I don't get it
Did anyone else notice he drilled the screws into thin air 😂 there was no wall behind the actual screws 😂
Thanks buddy
Is your wall made out of card board?
I always wondered how they hid the wires
If you have a rental, skip to the end of the video.
Looks awesome bro
No mention of noggins to get past dorn the wall!
Now when you move, how the hell do you close the huge hole we just put in our wall? 😅😩
Ill just stick to the wires hanging lol, I don’t like making holes on the wall
Couldn't there be a cross stud?
Wth I need to know how u feed wires in wall
Might want to mention of it's an outer wall, most likely there's insulation. So not easy and might need a rod to feed the lines straight down
You can not run a power cable through the wall! That is against code. When your house burns down it will void the warranty. You should check codes before you go telling people what to do. Especially when you’re passing along bad information. It’s cheap enough to hire an electrician or by the more expensive wall kits that are made for this application!
Yeahh.. But how about those who has pure wall.. Not helpful anyway for majority.
why do people use stud finders? just knock on the wall you can hear the difference it sound hollow.... just saying.
Or you could just buy wire holder that sticks on the wall and hides them.
What about the blocking across the studs in older homes? The cables won't pass through them. Also, running your electrical line (high voltage) down through the wall could void your homeowner insurance policy if there is a fire as a result. It is NOT to code. You'll have to get an outlet installed up behind your TV to do this correctly.
You are a crafty individual good job. Legit most people can do this but wouldn't dare to try it! You can do it just try!
Useful. Not until you remember your house have concrete walls 🤦‍♀️
Too bad my house made of concrete wall.
Nice entrance for vermin and cockroaches. Still, neat job.
HOW DID HE GET PAST THE NOGGING BETWEEN THE STUDS?
Omg your wall is a piece of paper, what about if you have a real wall like bricks or something
In my country.. there is no drywall.     Only brickwall cement..
Very dangerous and in violation of many building codes.  You can not run the 110 volt plug in the wall.
I've been trying for weeks to get this to work with my brick wall. What am I doing wrong?????
Seek the Lord and saviour Jesus Christ before it's too late.  John 3:16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” Hell is real and Heaven is also real. You don't want to spend an eternity in Hell torment without God. The only way to escape Hell is to follow Jesus Christ our Lord and saviour. Study God's Word the KJV Bible to know more and pray and seek until you find Jesus. Tomorrow might be too late. Do it now.
So you’re telling people to run hot power cords behind drywall? You sir should be ashamed
What about noggins between the wall studs????    Those will prevent the wiring from dropping down???   Tschuess aus Australien
I have cement walls
Thanks for this video, I’m on my way to Home Depot this morning for the boxes…
Rubbish
Not everyone's houses are made from cardboard : ))
In N.Z. There would be a horizontal dwang or nog between those boxes that you would have to drill through. Someone following your video, who didn’t know this, would not find it as easy as you showed.
Suppose the walls are plaster not drywall. Do you use a hammer to make a hole in the wall?
So the tv isn't hang on the stud?  That's kinda stupid
Not much good if your walls are brick.
Hiding the wires won't ever make that pathetically small tv look good.
Most wall are brick or breeze block and as minimum have insulation
Excellent!
South Africa needs dry-walling! Bricks & mortar out you go!🤓
ummm... cutting a hole in the wall, aint no big secret tip
Please stop saying "go ahead" so much. It means nothing and is very irritating.
Great idea!
Bingo
$10? More like $210! Some people have to buy a drill, drywall electric saw, a stud finder etc…false advertising
This is the perfect solution for those people who are real anal about wires showing.
Drywall sucks....looks like a cardboard house
this is only useful if you live in a paper house
No fire break in the wall ?!
Yeah and now in real walls like we have in Europe not those fake ones
What if it is a concrete wall?
Very good!
All well and good my friend but what's the solution when you have a "noggin" between the upper and lower cable plate position..?
Wow, that TV is soooo high on the wall. You would get a neck strain when sitting down while watching that TV
Excellent unless you live in Europe and your house is made of bricks and concrete.
too high
👍🏾
You call this a wall, we dont even use that as a separator :P
The TV is way too high….
What do you do if you have a house that was built of qiality materials and you have a solid wall instead of a prefab large dolls house
NO FIRE BREAK?
The title sounds like a Jeopardy category
You skipped snaking the wires from top to bottom with nothing in between
Did I just watch this FOOL run a live power wire inside the wall?? Hey moron other people are watching this and will do the same! Not sure how many houses are going to catch fire thanks to your idiocy!
Try that on a concrete wall ..
Like it
Great video of how to properly wire a wall-mount TV. You should buy a drywall saw though.
This is the reason my father tells me to stay away from internet
I'm pretty sure it is against fire code to have loose power cables in the wall.
Next episode: "How to repair holes in drywall."
How do you get your cables past a horizontal stud halfway between the two boxes ?
Do you need to use a drill to tighten the screws or can you use a screwdriver.
Thanks
Looks really nice. What is the watch name and model you are wearing?
United States, only place in the world where houses are made out of paper...
Great video. A couple of things I might suggest. Ensure that your cables are long enough given that they will be taking a longer route to their connections. It didn't look like you had a lot of play with your cables when finished. Also, label your connections before dropping them down - you'll get your connections right the first time. Thanks for this.
Big box hardware stores sell a kit with an in wall rated 120V power cable (Google "flatscreen cord concealment"), which is legal almost everywhere. The metro Chicago area (where they have a unique electrical code) is the exception.
Cool bro!
This was so easy, on my next video I will show you how to change the dilytheum crystals on and anti matter chamber using a pair of pliers and a heat gun!!
Running the power cord through the wall is against the electrical code and is a fire hazard. This is why people should be careful following random YouTube advice.
Just realised that here in the UK we use bricks and plaster, not just wood and plaster board
My only comment.  When building a house, apartment, condo,etc., place the wall sockets(ALL) at least 36 inches from the floor.  Your old age back will thank you!  And putting these additions will be easier and neater.  Your end tables, book shelves, and other low cabinets, shelves,etc.,  will cover the electrical sockets and your back will have great plug-ins!
Good idea if your house is from carton.
Insulation in the wall could complicate things.
great video, but why blast us with the horrible music at the end?
Why would anyone want a tv so high?
DO NOT do this on an OUTSIDE WALL.
so interesting that Americans hang their tv about 50 to 55 inches too high......
And now everything with 8 Legs has access to your Living room via the two doors you just created 🤣🤣 Also nice video well explained and final result looks great 👍👍
Great job man!👍
good ..............
Great video but here in Latin America every house is solid concrete build so, this option is out of the question...
What about all of that hot air from inside of the walls that comes out of those holes as a result?
Be sure there are not fire stops in the wall.
What if you don’t have a tv??
Take a picture of your TV wires and use Photoshop to clone them out the image. Easy :D
Assuming you mounted the tv bracket ( correctly ) on a stud, you have 15” of wall void to either side of the tv mount, thus eliminating the need for a stud finder.
This is something I have wanted to do for years, and now I know how!  THANK YOU!  One question - in some of the walls in my house, I have horizontal studs as well as vertical ones.  If those exist behind the wall, what do I do then?  This was a problem when I installed home security video cameras.  They couldn't run wires from the attic down to the central unit, so they made it a wi-fi system, which is far less reliable.  Great video.  Short and to the point.
Power cord through the wall is illegal and should not be suggested!
Properly built stud walls also have noggins (transverse pieces between the studs) that would prevent this from working. Check for timbers running parallel to the floor between the entry and exit holes before you start tearing your wall up.
Not an electrician here but I'm pretty sure you're not supposed to run the power cable for the tv in the wall like that.  Nice idea though
Hopefully no noggins!
Not an expert here, but what do you do about fire blocks in the wall?
Nice job that looks so cool
Very nice job, it looks much better.
The "low voltage cover plate" is intended to run low voltage AV cables only.  If you also snake the television's power cord through the wall to reach an outlet, your installation is against code.  A resulting fire will void your home insurance policy.
Did you need to go looking for the stud when the TV bracket was almost certainly screwed to it? Just sayin' ...
Uh what if you want to pull the tv out.
I got the same issue wanted to do something like this thanks for an idea.
I would just use a rack and put the TV at the top and the audio components below.  So simple.  Your way assumes someone already has those tools which they may not, so then it will be way over $10.
My god. Why put the tv so high like that. That's like doctor office waiting room hight. Your home tv should be eye level with you. Just depends on how your couch is
simple project. Ty for thi clip.
Plaster walls here, not gonna mess with that.
No insulation in your wall my guy
Yeah but when you wanna move...
That’s so cool. What if you get a mouse in your wall?  I would be afraid of them chewing the wires. Just wondering.
Thank you thank you 🙏🏽
Dont houses in america have bricks in their walls?
What about noggins that could block the wires.
But what if the wall build with bricks and cement.
or just wrap them in cable ties for tidyness
ThT was awesome . I’ll have to look for something similar here in Australia. On ya mate  cheers
Well I do know for anyone renting they do have metal brackets that you can use to run down your walls to hide the cords and it does minimal damage to walls and looks better then hanging cords just a good idea for renters
It a great video but you can’t ever run power cords on the wall . You can cause a fire that way. Hire an electrician to put an outlet.
What if the tv is above a fire place?
Good thing,because wires ALWAYS look like shit....
Most important part he doesn't show how the cords are feed to the exit to connect with the outlets
Nice job ! Thank you for sharing MR.
Note, those boxes are for low voltage. It is against NEC and considered a fire hazard to run high voltage wires, ie power cords unshielded inside a wall. Don't do what this guy did, buy a bridge kit and do it correctly. Just saying...
Awesome
Hmm it’s not allowed to run power cables through the wall but you can use a powerbridge
Unfortunately, if you pass a power cord through the wall it's against the canadian electrical code (I don't know in US but here it is). You need a dedicated electrical outlet for your tv (proper 14/2 gauge, outlet and installed by an electrician certified). Basically, much more than 10$ for this project. Low voltage (coaxial, hdmi, ethernet, etc) is an other thing, you can do it but be careful.
Nice video minus leaving out the part about this being a violation of NEC 400.8. But it's your house not mine.
Great video
Very informative and to the point👍
Use a PowerBridge for power cables. Having power cables inside the walls is a fire hazard. Great video!
genius - just moved a house with dry wall - hoping I can buy in UK :)
I wrapped plastic ivy around d leads…
Is it safe for the power cord to be in the wall?
He didn't show hpw he fed wires thru to line up properly.. just saying, I'm A little skeptical it was thaaat easy.. jk jk great job. Thanks.
This method is great if you don't care about little things like violating electric codes which prohibit running a power cord like this.
...well, here’s a little problem....you should NOT be running the power cables from your TV behind the wall. They aren't up to code and are  fire hazards - you NEED AN ELECTRICIAN to do that.....
Seriously?  Professional installers and you hang the TV 6 feet from the ground?  Ridiculous.
Wow you make it look so easy I’m going to get everything to try this diy lol
Why your wall is made of cardboard and mine of concrete 🙄
Look like the MAN version of Tom Holland?!! LOL😁🙃
Its quite common to see homeowners hanging a flat screen TV on the wall and running the cord through a hole in the sheetrock just behind the TV down the stud cavity and popping back out in order to plug into the receptacle on the wall. This is a violation of NEC 400.8(2) since flexible cords are not permitted to be run through holes in walls, structural ceilings, suspended ceilings, dropped ceilings, or floors.  if your house burns down....congrats insurance wont cover even if this was not the cause.
I'm not excited you put your tv so high
Why hide i can't even imagine a reason to consider this idea it's not like they get in your way of you & the wall
Great DIY. Simple, effective, and inexpensive. The best kind. Thanks.
Smart! Jesus gives wisdom to people and more importantly, He also gives eternal  life to them! It is a pity, especially for those warm-hearted and kind, to refuse this biggest gift in the world even without spending time to make sure if Jesus' salvation exists or not.
Great job! Btw stop saying flappers, i have a dirty mind! 🤫🙃🙃🙃
Simple vid, thank you!  However, I don't know what to look for in tge store... What is the NAME of the "little guy" u pit through the wall to pass wires thru?  And where can I get it?
The wall in my house is made of concrete bricks and on the other side there is a room. Seems like people can just walk  into your home: Lol:-)
What if u wanted to pull the tv out  Wouldn’t it pull the wires and they could get stuck
WARNING: Running power cord IN WALL is against building code in MANY locations.  Look elsewhere for good advice - even the box says "low voltage recessed cable plate" which DOES NOT include the power cord.
Is it code to run the power cable thru the same feed together with other cords behind the wall? I’ve read somewhere that people make independent outlets behind the tv just to avoid doing this
Great vide but I thought you’re not supposed to have power cable wires run behind sheet rock due to hazard/fire code violation????
I don't know what part of the country you live in but where I live there's a bunch of cross members called blocking between studs. What do you do then?
Nice that you didn’t use any fancy tools but what avg guy has at home.
Talk too much.
Dislikes are from the people who live in rented house
Good tip with the recessed cable plates. Never heard of them, checking on Amazon, and they got 'em! Even in the UK lol. So that's my job sorted for tomorrow. Thanks. 😉
Question: what if there’s studs running horizontally between point a and point b?
Nice
I was looking for a good video on this and some of them were like 30 minutes long ( why it takes that long to show how to do it 🙄) your video was great thank you so much 😊
Only problem is that the TV is too high, it's going to hurt your neck after awhile.
Brilliant, easy, good and awesome!  Thank you for the clear instructions!
What are this houses??? Its like slicing a cake
You can cut your wall?!
Itll be harder if the power outlet is not right under the tv....what if the outlet is farther to the bottom left or farther bottom right to the tv?how will we get the wires to line up behind the wall to the bottom cable plate?
2 EZ
Does your setup still look like this?
Pretty sure it's against code to run power cable through wall as its not rated for that.
How you do that on a concrete  wall 5in wide
If your tv is properly mounted to a stud you could juet go 6" to left or right of the mount to keep things simple
Excellent work
Good simple video... the comments are stealing the show, as they're funnier than stand up comedy!  I'll be reading these 3500+ comments for the next 3 months.  Thanks to your video, I'm benefiting twice as much.
Great video. Concise and informative. Thanks.
Awesome job and video  I was getting ready to put an extra outlet behind the tv , now I could get this piece and no electrical work , thanks
To bad you cant run power cords through wall like that, doesnt meet NEC Code.
This looks great and relatively easy. However, I would like to observe the process of how you were able to feed the wires behind the mounted area of the TV wall and pulled them out at the bottom of the wall. I would like to learn. It is very expensive when a company does this for me.
I was gonna jokingly make a comment about your Michael Scott sized  tv, but then i saw this was posted in 2015 and that tv was probably like $800. good video though!
Brilliant!!!! Thank you so much!!!!
If you’re watching this, don’t ever use a drill for a wall plate. Just don’t.
I would like to see the area where you plugged the wires. Thank you.
thats not a wall its a wooden plank
I enjoyed this vid. I would like to have seen how you fed the wires down to the bottom outlet. Not rocket science I'm sure, but I don't  like "user friendly," I prefer/need  Idiot Friendly. 😉
I can't understand these types of videos, if somebody is capable enough to hide cables behind wall, then they don't need this video, it's pointless. Plus not everybody is living in a tree house...
Why's the TV mounted so high? I see this with a lot of Americans, it's quite odd.. Ideally you'd wanna be looking straight ahead, maybe even down a tiny bit.
Just be aware that if it's an outside wall that it will likely have insulation and in that case you'll need a wire puller.
Hi Nils.Just wanted to thank you so very much for doing this step by step video.It made my job of hiding my tv wires so much easier.
So this is why they get so scared of tornadoes in America...
Concrete wall dude
Cut each side of the rectangle at an angle so that piece of the wall that’s being cut doesn’t fall and then fine tune the cut so the box fits
Nice
Bro thank you for sharing these tips. You just upped my game ... so professionally done
You the best
Then your wife says 'No, I think it would be better if the TV was over THERE!'
bro did he just cut a wall with a knife
What can I do if I have a lateral stud....I'm bummed as hell
Also be eazy when cutting the drywall ,you don't want to cut any wires especially your service wire in some cases it could be behind the wall you're trying to hang your TV on and you don't want to cut in to any of the receptacle wires either behind the drywall there are wires running through the studs they are supposed to be about hip height but in older houses they didn't have those codes so they could be anywhere long story short don't put the whole sheetrock song in the wall just put about a half inch of the knife and cut
Unfortunately this is not so easy if your house walls ir built with real bricks. :/
Thank you Thank you Thank you. huge help!   Awesome.  you didn't gab the entire time, short and sweet and 2 the point.  Finally, someone who knows how to do a "how to" video.
Is this for an inside wall with a room on the other side.  Or a wall with the outside of the house on the other side, because then you have insulation and vapour barrier to worry about dont you?
Helped me make $150 in an hour.
American houses
You can also buy this white strip where you insert the cables and its just one white plastic piece hiding every thing just search cable hider
I'm nervous about doing something like this cause my house was not professionally built. Its the guest house on my mother's property and its a 400sqft efficiency style. All of the walls are big planks of wood. Basically shiplap but... not. It was built in the late 60s early 70s and the electric seriously needs to be updated. I've had an electrician tell me that the breaker box all by itself is a fire hazzard. I'm wondering if it would be easier to just have a new outlet installed where the TV will soon go.
Only 10$ me 👁👄👁 with no stud finder knife or tape measure
Awesome video thank you 👍🏽
you missing ditail of the end let people see complete your work ok your video suck bro
I was expecting you to show us an example of extending and retracting the tv from the wall, thats the purpose of doing this with a swivel mount isnt it?
That TV hurts my neck
Found myself procrastinating to do this with all the unnecessary info in other videos. Grateful I came across them but even more grateful for finding you. Thank you! 🙏 I’m gonna do it now! Hell yeah.
You aint original homie
Are you suppose to put power cord in the wall?? Ive seen other videos where they say its not safe. 7 million wow!!
You’re awesome
Hey don't forget a two by four across I believe it's called fire fireblocker something like that if you don't know what it is look it up before you start cutting into the wall
Pretty bad ass
Thank you 🙏
Nothing against your install technique - because it is good.   However, everyone should consider code requirements for running AC cables behind walls. This is great for signal wire, but typically against code for power. They have kits a little more expensive that can be up to code to run power. Something to consider for safety and insurance sake. Cheers!  Edit: completely overlooked the pinned comment lolol
You demonstrated using a machine to check for studs ,. What are studs? Coming from 🇬🇧
Great video..
Thank you so much for making this video. You are the man. You totally solve my problem!! Thanks again!!
my tv’s power source is on one side and the hdmis are on the other. so i have to cut 4 holes instead of 2
Paper walls?
Great job and demo.
Lucky you - no insulation to deal with!
Once you ran the wires through the wall, none of them looked long enough to reach the a/v receiver. Did they magically extend by themselves or did you go out and buy more wires?
What about the 2x4 that are about half way in the walls that are used for fire not to spread?
Very helpful thank you
how we can do this on brick wall ??
Always makes me giggle how high up you yanks like to hang your TVs. I had a flatmate a while back from the states and our TV was nearly hanging from the ceiling and he loved it. Hurts my neck just thinking about it. I also keep seeing this in American property/ interior design programs in really expensive properties as well and it always blows my mind
Nicely done. Thank you.
Wow thank you for making that that was a really cool video!!
try this in europe where 90 percent of the walls are made of bricks! :)
Im so terrified about cutting  a hole in my wall lol
And now you have damaged wall or hole in the wall
Thank you
For people who have a Brick Wall or live in an appartment  Use Trunken
If you don't have a stud finder, use a magnet. It will locate the studs by the nails or drywall screws.
When you have concrete walls 😔
Whoa, this is lit. Can't wait to do this in a home I actually own...
Good tips - thanks for doing the video
It looks great, but my wall isn't made of rock surfboard, it's made of brick that I could make there so you don't see the wires.
THANKS FOR SHARING
Why do people mount their TVs so high?
Dumbest video EVER. DO NOT FOLLOW THIS VIDEO AND DO NOT RUN A CORD THROUGH THE WALL. The owner of this video should delete it. So dumb and stupid.
Why is the tv so high up the wall?
I dun think your method works for concrete walls. So disappointed ☹️
I am just wondering why so many people mount these tv's so high.  This one is at eye level if you are standing, but most people sit to watch tv.  Mount it lower and you don't need to worry about the cables, you can just use the other components  to hide the wires.
That tv height is already hurting my neck
i have question i want my tv mounted as well but wall is like yours mine has got face bricks painted how do i go about it ...
Warning:  Power outlet you can't put it this way... It's fire hazard.  Hdmi and other wires are fine .
Too bad all my walls are made of concrete...
How do you do it in a Mobile home
unfortunately, this means that you have a draft through the wall.  In Florida, that means a lot of hot air (i.e., you are going to be air conditioning a section of wall that should be just insulation. A better fix would be to have the cables you need mounted into a faceplate.  (These are a little more specialized than 2 holes in the wall, but it'll make sure kids and clumsy/drunk/curious adults don't drop anything down into your wall.) Good how-to video, but not an optimal solution.
Cold air coming through :(
You should not tear the paper on the back of the drywall. Cut it all the way. Power off and you didn’t check for studs vertically
Just what I was looking for!  Thanks
How about a cement wall?
How do you feed the wires through without losing them behind the wall?
Dislikes are from those who have Brick wall🤣🤣🤣
Great job 👍🏼
Great video. Do you have any videos on how to fix an outdoor outlet that stopped working, by any chance?
Haha we don’t have these cheap walls in uk 😭
Tv manual book says. Do not pass your tv cable in the walls. Don’t know why. But I will never do it.
Studfinder $20 tape measure $15 knife $4 and those low voltage boxes $9=about $50 bucks 🤣jk next time use a magnet to find your studs...studfinders are for rookies use a magnet and a sledge hammer...go hard bro 👍
Also worth noting sometimes outside walls have horizontal studs so dropping the cables through won’t work in those cases.
Thanks for the video I was gonna pay some one to do this for me but watching your video I know I can do this
I just punched a whole in my dry wall😎
Nice..however, wouldn't there be opening/gap on that piece after we put wires behind? I
$10?
How to do it when my wall is cement?
Sheet rock saw cuts easier and better.
WoW ! Nice idea ! I tried https://www.amazon.com/bluekeyworld Cable Clips and it helped  my organization
HI Nils.  Excellent video.  I never knew about low voltage cable plates until now.  By the way, I noticed the drill you used had an attachment on it.  Is that an impact tool attachment?  I like how you were able to tighten the screws at a slow speed.  Can you comment on the drill you use and what the attachments are that you use for small jobs like this one?  Thank you again for putting the video together. You did a fabulous job.  I'm now a subscriber and I look forward to watching more of your stuff.
How do you ensure the wires drop down exactly where you put the bottom plate?  I'm so afraid of cutting then go to drop chords and they get stuck or disappear LOL
Wow american walls really be cardboard
Game changer ❤️
Omg, thank you!
I wouldn't cut a hole in my walls just to hide cables. This is stupidity.
Definitely not for Indians 😂😂😂
I’m missing something! Where are you plugging in at ?
Good job. I figured there had to be something out there that was simple to hide the wires. As far as illegal. Well, good point. Gotta do what I gotta do. BAHAHAHAHA.
Great video!!
Change title to: if your walls are made of cardboard
They make a a hand saw specifically made for cutting drywall.  It’s called a drywall saw.  Only hangers and finishers use razor knifes to cut drywall.
Right on talk about easy . Great vid . Cheers
Looks simple enough and an easy do it yourself project
This is the best way to do it vs having a contractor add a $500 pre-wire (conduit chase).
I wish you showed the struggle of feeding the wires through
Excellent job. Well explained.
That TV is mounted too high.
👍👍👍👍👍👍
this is freaking awesome! Thanks!
Great Job Thank You 👏
can u only use this on drywall?
How did you feed the wires from the top to the bottom??😅😅
Thank you!
Very simple Video thx. One question what to do if a cord is to short to plug in to outlet? Thanks again.
Perfect holes for roaches and rats ???
What if its a wood that has wood paneling what do you recommend and what about after how would I fix it
That's cool and all but I can't cut my walls.
My walls are plastor. I don't think this will work for me.
Sooo helpful!!!
Love it!  I am going to try this on my own.  My BF text dumped me and we used to have so much fun doing this stuff...so now I must feel the thrill alone....thank you for the tutorial.  I bought the white five foot cover and thought it was tacky & pointless so I am thrilled I found your video.  Too bad my bad bf wouldn't reappear!!!  Thank you!
@lrn2diy hey I'm living in a rental.  Any chance you can put a video together on how to fill the hole back in and paint It over good as new?
That was very smart
does it get any easier than this?...nice vid...
Hey Nils...I see "they" called you out on Nat Electric Code of running Hi-Voltage behind the wall. Your next video shows how you installed a second outlet. Just a note (IDK if they are to code) but there are kits with "Power Bridges" that work! Great Videos!
should have ALSO use stud finder to check for horizontal stud BEFORE cutting top hole!  And stud is right there where the tv wall mount is so you have an easy reference point.  I usually put two boards horizontally attached to 16" on centre studs to attached wall mount.  Holding one stud (especially if sideways) is not safe.  To those that claimed the TV was too high, there is a formula for height depending on TV size think around 50-55 for 55" and 60-65" (off the ground) for 65" etc...
This is such a permanent thing, EYE-  Just can’t commit to that
On our next episode of doing the wrong thing the right way...
So now you just made two greatleaks for air, bugs, mice   etc
Great video my man! It was easy to follow and didn't last an hour. 👍🍻
Please don't ever install a TV on the wall this high...unless you enjoy regular chiropractor visits for neck strain!  Eye level, people. Eye level! LOL
*l was recommended to michael_hack On lnstag and that man un-locked my dev¡ce brilliantly with0ut delaying the process*
*l was recommended to michael_hack On lnstag and that man un-locked my dev¡ce brilliantly with0ut delaying the process*
Great Video!! Just a quick question, Are you looking to try out a new opportunity that has all the tools to try out FOR FREE????? Come and join us for a $1to try out and market yourself or find a new business. It is for sure beginner friendly!  http://1dollar-new.incomebuilder.me
2020 HERE....  Great video. Simple straight to the points
After finish watching this I go to hardware store buy that thing and when I want to install it I remember my wall is concrete I forgot I'm living in apartment damnnnnnnnnnnnnn fuck me......
outstanding
I’m mounting mine over a gas fireplace on an outside wall. Without the fireplace, this would be perfect.
my dad finna get mad when i start cutting through his precious wall🤣
Awesome! I got to do this! Great job!
Awesome! Thank uou’
6.9 Million views😂😂😂
Excelente.  Good tip!!
What if your wires aren't long enough?
5yr vid and still foun it useful as a slim fast for a my fat cousin vinny!!! Thank you great work
How to hide cords for free!!     Cut holes in the walls :)
Best idea ever
Watching this video I discovered we have it already in our wall 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
WoW ! Nice idea ! I tried https://www.amazon.com/bluekeyworld Cable Clips and it helped  my organization
When did you use the stud finder? You most definitely left that part out of your video...!?!
👏🏼
Say advice for getting the wires through the wall? I get them through the top but I can’t seem to find them on the bottom
Bedbugs cave
I want to do that the only issue is that my tv is above my fireplace
Running a power cord in the wall isn't really advisable. They sell  corrugated tubing for that install.
If you run a extension cord behind the wall to plug in your TV is that a fire hazard? And what causes it?
Try that with insulation in the wall....
I’m literally watching GOTG right now...
What about preventing ants, mice, roaches and etc from using the new openings as a path to immigration into my home. I know that chemicals can be sprayed, but some folks don’t want to go that route and some are allergic to some of the chemicals. Any suggestions...?
I thought there would be some insulation between the studs.
fake i didnt see how he put the wires down so perfectly
What about insulation
Do not do this if you live in California it is not code you can not run tv power cord through the wall you must run romex. You can buy a inwall power kit from your local hardware store. They come with romex power cords.
Put a screw in the drywall for a handle to pull it out.
What if you rent? You can’t go cutting holes in the walls. Do you have any solutions for that?
what if you have to deal with a fireplace?
Cool!
That’s pretty nice and easy to do because its not concrete in my case im Fucked up
I wanna try it but my walls are made of concerete hahaha
Thank you so much for this video. I felt so accomplished when I was able to complete this myself. 😋🤗
This is not a wall but explains why a tornado leaves nothing behind in US ;)
01:05 02:19 01:30
Thank you. It was simple and helpful.
R
You didn't show the bottom once you ran cords through, do you have to connect close to wall outlet on the bottom? Sorry new to all this might sound like a dumb question
What if my wall its bricks or concrete??
Great Video 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆
I wish I could do this in my apartment
What about insulation? How does one deal with that?
The rats in my walls and my building overall will enjoy those cables 😂😂😂😂
Cutting walls with a box cutter is some american comfort i'm too european to understand?
Great video I got a question just purchase a 82" TV and I want to mount it over my fireplace, I'm sure the cords won't reach the outlet on the side of the fireplace near the floor,  what would you suggest ? And thanks
How to feed the cables from the top hole to the bottom hole is the hard part. You skipped that!
Waaaw this is so beneficial. But unfortunately in our countries we Have concrete walls😖. This not work ☹️. But thanks anyway for the idea .
Great Video! I have wall mounted power supplies and my wireless router as well and hid the wires too. I used a furniture gromet for the hole.. I found by mounting the wireless router to the wall it gives a better signal to my devices. Heres a link to my wireless router wall mount! @Hwc4  I am getting ready to wall mount my NVR system. I will post the video soon. Thumbs up!
You saved me $250
Awesome!
Brilliant!!! Gonna do it
U could just get a raceway
Great video! Thanks...
Is your walls made of cardboard? Where are you live?
Thank you, I was literally planning out a floating wall mount for this simple 10.00 hack! You're awesome
When you live in a appartment 😢
hi, i have one cable outlet in a 3 bed room home its in the living room , how can i get cable outlet in my bed rooms
How did you run the wires? Did you use a fishing line?
Ups living in EU where we use brick. Not a 10 min job
Only suggestion is use a small level to insure its straight.
My wall is made of cement...I can’t just cut
Feeding the wires is the hardest part which he skipped
TV is pretty high up on the wall. Maybe the house is being rented out by some NBA players. 😀
This is definitely going to take a hit on my deposit rent; worth it tho
I just spray painted my cords the same color as my wall 😂😂😂 #winning
Is it legal to pass an extension cord through the wall?
where do you get  the brackets  for ten dollars
omg that’s awesome can u come to my house and do that please
Also you can use our OKLIK Wire Cover based on MAGNETS! Watch this - https://youtu.be/9wDHRtWh94w
can you adopt me? XD jk
The best vid....simple, straight to the point...No dancing, no music no product placement, no Bullshit..new subscriber
Welp there goes my security deposit
What if you run into a firewall block
The video is wonderful! Appreciate you for taking your time to do this for us. My only problem is I live in an apartment:(:(
Well done but my only issue is you didn’t show how you fedthe wires to the hole. That is my only issue because my outlets in my house are horizontal from the tv on both ends.
I feel like you skipped the part of how you actually did this lol
Dang, I came here looking for something that wouldn't get me evicted.
Interesting that you have no insulation behind your dry wall.  I'd be shocked at your utilities bill with a house built like that!!!!
Just want I needed
If you have a Floating Sound Bar also on you wall you'll need a third Socket for the Sound Bar Cords.  Run the Audio cord up to the TV, the power cord can get dropped with the rest of the Power cords.
Square? You mean rectangle?
awesome video man honestly
Hello,  Thank you for the information and I do have a question; how do I apply this method if a wall has insulation ?   Thank you
What if there’s insulation in the wall? How do you feed the cables then??
Ty so bad ass..really appreciate it ty
Can you run the cables diagonally downward?
What if you have insulation in your walls? But otherwise good tip!👍🏾
Holy shit man thanks you make it look so easy to do totally subscribing!
What if there is insulation how you run your wires with out getting them stuck?
Proton: run extension cables for the rest of the outputs so you don’t have to take things apart to plug more devices in.
I want to do this but my wall is brick wall
Really great and simple to understand!
The real question is why are houses in the US made out of a cardboard box?
Good job
what if my walls are made out of bricks?
What if my wall has no hole?
Thank you . Very helpful.
Cut the holes, now I have ant and spider infestation !
Fantastic Video, thank You
The
Nice!
That $10 rose pretty quickly
No wonder houses are so easily taken apart in the US. Look at that wall. Never in my life have I had a house the walls of which could be cut with a blade, LMFAO. Bricks, we call them.
Great work! man!
I have insulation in my wall where the TV is.  If I decide to do this, that might be a problem right?
Stop acting like you really screwed them in , lmfao then he pretends to pull and tug on it 🤣🤣
Dumb
Now all the mice and bugs will get in through those giant holes.
Thanks so much, I could not figure out how to hide my wires that was the best ten dollars I've ever spent
It's all good if you live in one of them houses they threw up in 2 month with stud dry walls! Unfortunately my house was built from bricks but on the other hand it's not that bad as I can't here them next in the next room. Good example though if your house is built like this:)
That looks easier than I thought good video thanks
What about people who rent and cant just cut giants holes into their walls?
Who else instantly goes straight to the comment before the video even starts
Cool...
hidup dalam kotak bole le
Buy Bluetooth  cables   It's big brain time
my mouse kept poking it's head out and interfering  with my job, this is nothing short of harassment, besides sheer rudeness, and i posted a nasty note for her in the cupboard.
My tv doesn’t have regular cable to plug in is a Samsung it won’t fit
What are the 4+ wires by name?
What if u have a brick wall?
Clickbite video
Lost the security deposit on my appartment for cutting holes in my wall
Great way for mice to get into your house ! LOL
Ok. How do you get around any fire break blocks between the studs ??
Nice and and clean, but you not up to code bro. The power cord is not rated for behind the wall. If something was to catch fire, you would be in for a MAJOR headache. JFYI for anyone who didn't know👌
Simple, clean, quick! Very nice
How do the wires do when you turn your TV? We turn our TV alot and I am hesitant to do this because of that.
Tv is high as fuck.
The power cord is not rated behind a wall
Why am I watching this when Im in the UK and all the walls are solid BRICK ?
Great how-to guide for inviting hordes of mice into your living space.
Bad ass lil buddy
Aahhh its be you ti ful!!!!
Perfect unless your walls have insulation then good luck feeding wires thru.
I thought this was going to be ghetto as hell but this is a very elegant solution.
You used a knife to cut this "wall". I can barely cut through a steak.  Trump is hopefully building something similar lol
I just uploaded a short video on my channel on how to hide your TV wires for $2.
Good video! I would have made the bottom opening lower to match the outlet.
Good job
My man!
Small tv 📺for that wall
wow his wall is so thin meanwhile mine is made of bricks
What do I do if my wall is mate from actual stone / concrete tho
Before you cut the square out you can screw a dry wall nail in the center so when you finish cutting it you can simply grab it so it won’t fall down
Nice
Haven’t attempted it yet, but I got a power bridge for mine. It’s basically the same thing, except it has a power cord you plug in your power cord on it. It’s rated for in wall use and ok with code.
My dywall is 3/4" thick. I can't get this plastic box to hold on . Does this only work on 5'8" or 1/2" drywall?
Nice !!
Didn’t check for fire block 🤔
Just what I was looking for. Thanks
Useful information but won’t work if there’s insulation behind.
Amazing! Thank you for sharing
What if the wall has a divider between the studs to add more stability to the wall? Example the wall is built looking like the letter H all the way from corner to corner
Your video eliminates the hardest part......fishing the wires through the wall AND/OR extending the cables because going through the wall requires additional feet.  Redo the video and show us the hard part...
6.4M views? I really hope the first you did with your ad money was upgrade your TV...
Nice job
Awesome. Thank you!
Step#1 * have a hollow wall *
this guy!!! im lost who the hell are you talking about
My God, just buy a stand!
Beautiful!  I didn't even know those amazing little wall mounts existed.  How cool!
my home is full concrete how can I cut 10 inch concrete wall?
What a great video!  Thanks for sharing can't wait try this 💪🏽
This was a pretty awesome video tbh. It's crazy how some of the more simplier things are so cool.
I love it...looks great!
My mother in law boyfriend installed his tv technically hitting the cieling 😂
Looks like a computer monitor.
Good job, I like those boxes.
just cut them lmao
Wow, great job!
What if the power outlet is not directly down below the TV but 2 to 3 feet on the side below?
Thanks! Short and sweet. Well explained WITHOUT all the “blathering” that usually infests DIY videos. So thanks for that :-) G
You want your power cord 6 inches minimal away from other rca jacks speaker wires ect. Or you will hear humming sounds or fuzzy picture
papasito riiiiicoooo!
Pretty sure you only can do this in the house you own. I'm pretty sure my landlord wouldn't like this too much.
Wall made of paper
10$ no $1000 with all equipment
Hire a professional.
o thanks this will help when i do a vid about changing my hole room thanks and go to my channel thanks
Thats how you get mold in your walls and that’s expensive
Can you do a video for a concrete wall?
Great video
*cable breaks*  ah shit, here we go again..
Thanks mate
easy in Paper Walls
wow having cardboard house has its perks
Hi Nils :your problem is your Flat screen is too outdated and too small, hung too high on your wall. get the huge recent Flat screen, a much higher TV cabinet, rest the flat screen TV on stand, and place it on the top of the cabinet.. walla.. problem solved.
Well, not practical in my country!!
Except I can't cut out two giant holes in a rented apartment 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
Rectangle
How did you get your cables started from the top of the hole? Please email me to Fastcars31@yahoo.com
Does this work on plaster walls?
I've been looking at exposed TV wires for years! I'll be trying this out soon! Thanks!
What about bugs crawling through the holes now????
very helpful,
Very helpful, Thank you!!
Great job clean look just make sure your cables are in wall rated cl3.
The tv mount is already your studfinder.
Awesome thanks
That is the wall? 😂
Wow, that was so easy. Thanks for the demo.
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in wall.
What type of wall is this 😂
Be careful don't loose your aye you don't use safety glasses
Shouldn’t there be insulation behind that wall when he pulled it the little hole out
great job!
Umm... why not use romex? You are putting people’s lives in danger by suggesting they run electrical wires not suitable for inwall installation in a wall. You do understand why this is not allowed virtually anywhere?
shit i called the office and i cant do shit. now i have a 70" tv hanging in the floor WTF!!!!!! thank u for the video!!!
You made me fuck up my wall u made it look easy
Posting a video of doing this is kind of dumb just saying because I do it professionally for a living and it's sometimes best to just let the professionals do that kind of work for a simple job you,  but not everybody should try to do that you probably made little to no money off of making this video and every person that does it them self is one less person I can help do it professionally and safe
I'm not hating or anything but do you know people make money off of doing that not really cool for you too try to make it seem like you're only spending $10 to hide your wires I do that professionally for a living and it does not cost $10 to do such work
If you don’t have a stud finder, Stud is where you mounted the tv, just stay within approx 16” from that stud, or maybe use knuckle taps.
How can you make sure that there is no fire block
Thanks for this! You just helped me..
What if you got rats in the cavity and they decide to watch telly with you?
To make this easier, you can get a dry wall cutter for $2 at Harbor Freight. You don't need an electric saw.
If you dont hold the stud finder on yourself and beep, are you even a man?
Thank you
wth??? where's the insulation at!?
Lucky there wasn't a fire break in there but I do like the clean look
Nice video
Pro tip to go along with this, drop some string and tie it down just in case you want to add cables in the future. It makes pulling cables easier.
wow american walls are even worse than their gun control
Just imagine one of those cables stops working, that sounds like fun !
Don’t forget the insulation  inside the walls
Just buy some wire loom and paint it.
Lmao
Gay
Lucky u.    My wall is concrete 😢
My walls are stone 😭
Never had a stud finder that worked good. Started using some strong neodymium magnets on a string. Studs have screws in them holding up the sheetrock, find the screws high up and hang your string straight down, there's your studs. I'm about to mount our 60" tv this weekend, gonna try and do a great job like you did on yours, thanks for sharing.
What abouts bugs
Is this usa... this isn't a house in kenya... we call them mabati... people of slams use them
Why I must destroy the wall of my house to hide these cables like that? I prefer to buy one of these: https://goo.gl/images/yRmcYw. These are cable canals. They have a long sticker on the back, the cost is 0.50 €  (well the difference in US dollar is not big) just take out the protective film of the sticker, stick it on the wall, put the wires inside to the canal, put the cover to the canal and you 're alright. 👍
6000 didn’t like this video !!! 😂
Thank you! Subscribed!
I have brick war
what if there's a stud on the way that is not mounted horizontally?
yeah right, you aint dealing with a fireplace below tv, show that shit
You have a duplex outlet below TV for 120v at tv height. Your video left out where you are plugging in the tv. Did  drag an extension cord through the wall? If you did stop instructing people to do this. Thanks
1 more additional information for adding future wires, if needed. Add a thin rope along with the wires about thrice the length of the distance so you can tie a wire and pull out easily in future.
Nicely done!
Thanks for sharing this! It was really helpful. 😀
This would not work in india
You are not only doing a DISservice to viewers by demonstrating how to conveniently drop an appliance AC cord into a wall cavity to "hide it", you are encouraging followers to ignore an important safety rule. The NEC code to only use proper materials for this level of working voltage is to keep people, pets and property safe. Why? Why would you knowingly use any other method? To save a few dollars? Does that make any sense to you? Please correct or replace this video. Please.
Awesome! Thank you!
Look at your ant TV. Its so high up I cant even see it
Hey fellas where do you buy the boxes.  .??
You should have should us what all the wires looked like while plugged in after you ran them through the wall
This only work for americans cardboard wall
I think this fellow must have placed the TV sky high for the purpose of demonstration.
Just an FYI for those people without an electronic stud finder. Most all wall studs are located every 16 inches apart on center. Fact is TV  wall mounts should always be mounted to one of said studs for stability, .. so usually a few inches to either side of TV wall mount should be open.
The guy that installed my wall mount used a round plate, pretty much the same idea here.
I still see wires I rather buy zip ties for a $ to organize my wires
Nice work! Very professional job!
This is easy for unitedstatian's house build with cardboard.
What if my wall is concrete? 🏭
If you live in the UK, remember our plugs are a lot larger than others and won't fit through the small gap
Does your house not have insulation ?
Nice! Looks pretty easy.
Not everyone can or should slit the wall...
Do the whole thing for half the price and skip one of those boxes for behind the TV.  Just cut a small hole.  No one will see it anyway!
Why would you put the TV so stupidly high on the wall??  Total noob move.  Looks like a place where my mother would put a TV.  I bet the same people who put their TV so high also won't sit in the front row bc "It'll hurt my neck".
You know what would be funny if you lost one of the wires in the wall😂
Nicely done ✔
Hi, Nils, appreciate your sharing this video. I have been trying to get my husband to do this for years, maybe this will motivate him! I can only hope😁. Thanks again for sharing. PS: I hope you don't let all the negative  stuff but you!
Do you have any tips on how to fix the wall afterwards? I’d love to do this but I’m not sure my landlord would be to keen on the idea.
Stud buddy!!
In Germany we have walls of stones and concret. 😜
You sir are amazing!  I am creative but I never even thought of this!
That tv is almost on the ceiling 🤔.. your corneas will hurts if u can manage to watch a full movie ..😂
funny video
I cut a tiny hole behind the TV and down below, and fished the wires down. You can't see anything.
It would have been nice if you showed how you fished the cables too!
I'm happy it worked for you, but in Europe, we have brick walls.
COOL😊👍
Ohhhhh you go boy lol.Im biting this method
That is way too high. Will give you neck ache if you watch it whilst seated
@LRN2DIY thanks for this. I have a question. I want to mount my tv over the fireplace. The outlet is on the the wall to the right. is this impossible?
Been wanting to do this for a long time just too lazy to get around to it but I think you just motivated me to get it done.
Hopless video 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏼
Duct tape cables to wall and paint to match👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Just what I needed!
If your house burns down your insurance company is gonna have a field day finding that power cable ran in the wall. Do yourself a favor and have a professional come do the job the right way
Snazzy!!
I live in an older home.  The walls are plaster.  Every time I try to nail or screw something into the wall the plaster crumbles.
I rent my apartment I don’t think I could do all that
There's a reason the box said "low voltage".  Never combine low voltage wires with high voltage wires.  The next person may not know what you did.  My co-worker cut through a bundle of wires under a computer room floor.  The AC power cord was the same color as the low voltage stuff.
Nice job man
Where would you tighten the bolts if there was nothing to tighten the bolt too? They just slid in.
My question is... how In The hell u get the wires to come out the bottom to grab... aren’t the wires in the wall once u slide the wires thru the top... how will I get my wires out the bottom 🤔 ??? I promise u skipped that part.
U got a lot of negative feed back so what good job
Love it... Thank 4 sharing
partition wall... 😑
Nice video
"10 dollars"   Says you need dry wall cutter and stud finder
Great channel....subscribed :)
Woah!
Too bad I couldn’t do this at an apartment 😭
Hope that's a set for doing these videos, you have no insulation...
So nice hun
I never would have guessed it was this easy. Thanks!
£20 tape measure , £80 stud detector , £5 knife , £12 dry wall saw and a £40 drill , two recessed plug finder £10 and you have to have a hollow wall 😂😂😂😂😂😂
This was awesome
Outside of the US we build with bricks.
Yer tv is to high on wall
Thats awesome
Try to do that in a random taliban home.
Awesome video!!! Thanks!!!
Great tip! I love the result but my wall is concrete :(
Umm if you don't have all those tools it's not gonna cost 10 dollars bro!!?
Very clever!
Crystal clear
Thats not even a Wall
Now I understand why many American homes float during floods and collapse during hurricanes. My garage is made of brick and concrete.
I love this. Tfs blessings Doll
С нашими стенами такого не сотворишь .... 😖
Great job super easy to follow. Nice voice. Smile and perk up a bit and you’ll be ready for tv
The Youtube you need to watch is *how to correctly mount your TV*
Sorry Bro but The Most Guys have a real Wall of stones ;)
I do the same thing using round cuts out with snap in covers. What is that attachment to your drill? Never seen that before,
Nicely done Sir!!🤙🏼
But u didn’t show how u ran the cables down to the other outlet
Quick and simple. Good instructions.
I subscribed. Subscribe back please.
I was excited until I realized I live in  a european house with concrete walls.
$10 for mats $100 bucks in extra heating bills. You are installing a way for air to escape to the attic.
You now should link to a video on why Americans build houses this way because a lot of people seem to think drywall is cardboard and makes a house fall down easily.
Can you do this with a brick wall
Not only will this hide your wires but it'll save your life. Sell your tv while you can. Buy food and gasoline.
Unless you stand to watch TV, that thing is mounted way too high.
For those who complain about a violation of a cord behind the wall, use a surge protector, for those who complain about a brick or concrete wall, use a hammer drill, then make it neat with a saws all
Kimi Raikkonen after F1 🤣
In the description you should add that your house must be made cheaply for this to be done.
I found that cutting sheet rock with a jig saw works really well!  : )  Judie
dont try this if your wall made by bricks
Wtf never saw a paperlike wall like yours.
In Germany, Europe and Uk these walls have insulation in them mainly for sound. So how are you gonna do that?
Thanks for this video bro
Lmao cheap housing probably sells for a donkeys cock
Excellent ideas :-)
By us in Germany, Walls are real and not fake :D
I'm going to be a rotten potato and say that all the equipment you have to do the job cost way more that $10.
When the wall is made of bricks or concrete; How do I hide the cables?
Thx for putting out your vid. You seem like someone whose somewhat serious about A/V. But if you want to be taken seriously, better lower your TV to eye level bro. Common mistake people make is they think it can be aesthetically pleasing to see a TV mounted high but it not practical unless it's in a bar type setting.
Very nice really
sorry,in germany we dont have these bad cheap walls
How did you check wire inside the wall....?
OK well what if for some reason you have insulation in your interior wall and you cannot feed wires through
Very helpful ,thank you. 👍
if there's a fire your insurance won't cover anything. There's the same idea out there but it has romex cable between...do that and it's legal and you plug in behind the tv and and the bottom into an outlet
I’d use PVC pipe over that and get two elbow, easy to push and grab anything u wanted to
Eh i can do it for free lol, I can do it without that thing, I mean who cares about holes if u gonna ended up covering them
Awesome video thank you!
Love from India
Amazing
Great job!! New subbie here!
Nice job bro
Nice job asshole..but my house build with red brick.
It’s called Drywall or Sheetrock for those outside of us that keep saying his walls are Thin plywood
👴🤔😁👍great a idea thank my friends
Nice👍
Brilliant
👍😀😄😃✌️
Where I can get that TV holder?
I can do that for $0.00. it's called a hammer. just blast a hole though the wall
Probably not for Indians😂😂
Indians must have watched dis video wid curiousty till 4:30 and finally we realised dat it is not meant for our walls....😄
grazie al cazzo ma porcoddio funziona solo se c'hai i muri di carton merda
Su casa es de madera y materiales  plásticos. Inténtelo hacer en una casa de tabique y concreto.
Vry thanx and you are from
PVC pipe, conduit clamp, both painted as close the wall color as possible, screws, plastic anchor if possible. Mount PVC pipe, using the conduit bracket, use anchor if needed, run cables and cords. Instructions may not be in detail, while you should get the idea.
Убогии Американские стены.
thats extrem..
American paper house... all other country use armored concrete for build wall
Don’t worry, American houses are made of brick as well, we just put drywall and insulation between the brick and the inner wall, hence the walls that we can just cut through. It makes hiding/fixing/changing, electric, water, etc, and everything else significantly easier, so learn before you hate. Thank you come again.
Ah I forgot that your house is made out of paper
Easy, when you live in a shoebox! 😭😭 what is wrong with brick walls? To strong when a tornado comes?
I have a concrete wall 😶
That tool which detects metal
Now let's look for a stud. You put your TV put right? 16" on center, you should now there is no stub there.
wow amazing thanks
Free if u r smart. Drill 2-1.1/2 holes and use a wire clothes hanger to fish about 5 strings. Then use each one for any wire you need with tape.
Veer hun india walea ke karan kanda fadan
Why would you need to buy the outlet things? Just drill the hole and put the cables in like why waste the extra money
👍
Damn..my wall are bricks. How to make a hole just using Knife😂
Hide your cables=$10 Big ass holes in your drywall that you cant fix $650
I have a precast wall behind my TV set.
Nice mayb hang the TV a bit higher 😂
Nice idea but i have a concrete wall to deal with bro. Any suggestions?
Lets be honest here no such thing as if the cables were hidden you couldn't see them. They still wont be hidden as the person that hides them always knows where they are. WTF am i watching a video on hiding wires more like !!
Any solution for brick walls?
Haha yeah that sounds like a good plan! Cut a hole in your wall so your TV looks neat haha 😅
Using those boxes on an exterior wall will let in an awful draft...oh and that cord isn't rated for in-wall use.
what to do in rental apt, we can not make hole.
Not for renters
Paint the wires the same color as the wall I'm sure mostly everyones wall should be white and hey white spray paint is cheaper than 10$
"IN MY COUNTRY, oh STFU, this is for USA, go away!"
You could also use 3/4 flex or emt. Depending on how fancy you want to get.  Fishing is kind of a bitch
I can do this with the power cord, but my cable is coming from a side wall  about 3-4' away.(i have it going over the casing of the bathroom door over to the tv. Was thinking of just running under the carpet then up the wall to the tv, think that'd be ok?
Great video!! Short , simple and straight to the point . Thanks for sharing 👍🏽
The thing is my house is made of bricks...
Are those american walls lol cos mine are all brick even my 1 fake wall isnt just an empty panel....
You’re gonna need a bigger TV...
Here in India we have solid brick wall so we can't do this
I thought there was a residential code to put a 120v outlet behind the tv?
Looks cool but now u left 2 huge openings for bugs and shit to come into ur house
You can buy plastic covers that will house the wires inside it and stick to the wall. It's made to look like crown molding so it's pretty esthetically pleasing.  This way is the hard way
How can you say $10 fix’s when you need $200.00 worth of tools.
2 words...fire breaks
What do you do when it’s an exterior wall and there’s insulation in the way preventing cables to be easily dropped down the bottom hole? This probably won’t be answered, so I’m probably wasting my time writing this. 😕😑
I tried this, only to find out there was a sideways stud in between the top and bottom hole preventing the wire from being ran from top to bottom 😩🤦‍♂️
We don’t have these walls in europe
Thanks for sharing you saved me $200...😘muah.
My house RC building...😂😂
The square openings are to big to let cockroaches in the house.  Then your AC will run longer because hot air from the attic will be coming from those big square holes.  I'd just drill  2 2" holes one in the top by the tv and the bottom by the floor. Run the wires through the holes and cover the holes with duct tape for a nice tight seal. Keep the bugs and hot air away.
Nice job 👍
Nice video, well explained. Love the boxes for hiding the cables, thanks a lot.
I thought you are going to paint the wires to match the wall color
can't do this work on concrete walls or pillers😐
How to recreate this intuition in India brother ? I hope you know about Indian walls ! 😌
My house is made of concrete and bricks
His house is made of wood?!
Why did you hang tv so high?
Does anyone realise that the television was playing  Guardians of the Galaxy?
cool the tv now looks prewired
Thats g8 DIY video.  I have horizontal studs in my wall. You did not mention anything regarding that. Do I have to take extra care about it?
Search for the video "Correct TV Position. 90% Have it Wrong!"
This video is only for America rest of the country have concrete walls
I don't care about dam cables, I wanna know how to hide TV from my wife so she can fix me a sandwich!
Amazing 😉
The problem is relocating the TV is a massive problem. I wouldn't want my house to be a hole museum
This is awesome but my house is full concrete
I think I put my t.v. to high lol
can i use for concrete wall is tht possible
I stop watching after i saw you used a knive on a wall... Think i need a lightsaber for my concrete wall..
How about a cement wall
the typical US paper house lmao
TV placement seems too high.
Put a white plastic covering over the wires 😁
Ещё один кабель надо было оставить для протяжки на будущее.
Thank you. Just what I was looking for. Your video’s are perfect direct and to the point.
SUCKS
You know 10 dollars equal to 7000 thousands ruppes ...m
Yeah?  I have plaster and lathe! lol
With false walls, nothing relevant.
this is not wall this is a POP wall idiot
Why is your tv so high up on the wall? Are you standing while you watch tv?
10$. If you have all those tools. 🐿️
I like how 90% of the comments are dissing American walls saying wherever their from has houses made of concrete or brick. What's funny is it's extremely cheaper to make houses the way they do in America and yet they still stand just fine🤷🏼‍♂️
Just forget your security deposit if you moving out
Nice. Now how can I do that in an old house with plaster walls. Then is there a arm like that for these 75"+ screens as I'm researching to upgrade my whole system to that point.  Thanks.
Awesome!! I was just talking to my daughter the other day about this. Our next T.V. I want to mount on the wall and I had no clue how you hide all those wires, I'm glad I found this video ♥️
Nice and clean job - well done !
I just use molding and paint it the same color as my wall to hide the wires… Done!
He cut his wall like....cutting a cake.... This must be america I guess....in my country its not possible.... It's quite funny that ...America's houses are built with cardboard but still many people in that country are homeless due to high house pricing  How can a person feel safe in a cardboard house??? Please explain
I had a friend show me, if you get a fishing string with weight on it,....from center of top hole, drop string down,  you'll know exactly where to cut the bottom hole centered. Know what I mean?
You... ..you.... ...your good
Can u do the same if the wall is made of brick?
Hide wires by putting your TV back on the TV stand like people did for 100 years.
“Go Ahead” count = 11.. in a 7 min video.
So you have no bracing in your walls ?  Good luck in a quake !
Thank you!
Hahahaha it’s funny how our walls usually are made of drywall smh what’s going on with things dees days smh cars are also made of cardboard it all looks nice from out side but fragile not like them old days made of metal and strong material
Awesome video! Very detailed and seemingly simple and cost effective. I am considering mounting my TV and after watching 2 of your videos I feel more confident! Thanks!
You could put a dry wall screw in the middle of the cut , it would be easier to pull out the unused piece
Thank you so Much for this!!!
Is there a part number for this and what its called
in india we dont use bricks, wood and  concrete, just sand, drill a bit and bamm, whole wall crumbles down, no tv, no wires, problem solved!!!!
How did you connect the dvr cable wire to the tv?
Love this.  Never knew these things existed.  Thank you!
Вы не видели настоящих бетонных стен ! Хрен вы у нас так кабель приложите !
if a kid punches, your wall will break
Some countries build houses out of concrete blocks, other countries put people on the moon.
I swear 0-6 sound like the Jonas brothers
Nice thanks.
Guardians of the galaxy •,_,•
That's awesome! Thank you
Kill That High Cable Bill & Get Waay More For Waay Less!!..Axe Media Now Offering Over 5000 Channels For $40 a Month. Channels Include Sports Package, Premium Channels Like HBO, Cinemax & Showtime, Pay Per View, Local Networks, On Demand & Much More!! They Also Have An Affiliate Program Where You Make Money Signing Ppl Up. CLICK LINK On How To Join  https://axemedia.tv/?ref=953&ref=953
Excellent, I wish i knew this, my wife would have been happy for past so many years.  God bless you.
Can you come to my 🏡? I would pay 100.00. Oh well... I’ll have to DIY... when  I can. 🤔Cheers👍
Will this affect sound and temperature going through the walls?
This fake tutorial didn't even made any sense 👎👎👎👎👎
I have a question though... Your tv stand is flexible, meaning you can move it side to side and in and out. Wouldn't that be an issue because it would pull the wires when you move the tv?
Nice...thanks
are all walls like this in america?
I got excited because i thought he would take the flaps out
Nice
Where did you get the wall mount?
Ну это только если дом из картона...
Very crafty nice way to install that outlet
Or you could just use a drill with a bore?
Awesome, thank you. I hate the wires showing
Really fantastic
In houses made of cardboard is pretty easy
Only works with shitty american paper houses
То чувство, когда у тебя стены из железобетона...  :о(
I was considering buying a TV and then doing this.  But then I remembered that TV sucks, so no point.  Will leave my wall alone.
It triggers me that you didn't use a level during your template/tracing before cutting. I also would have used the stud finger to verify there's no firewall between the entrance and exit boxes, ensuring a straight path between the two.
Muy bueno.
Great job explaining in detail. You made that look easy.
Relax people, it's not that serious. If your kid, dog or relative should accidentally punch hole through ASTHETIC sheetrock JUST FIX IT, same concept. ...GEESH!
The wall...is it paid by Mexico? Already up?
1 question. Ever heard of a sheetrock saw? That was one of the most amateurish installs I have ever seen. Take the video down and let a pro teach.
My tv is on top of fire palace and the all lines are looking I don’t know how to covert it plz can u tell me way ?
How does your TV even stay up on that cardboard wall??????
You should put tv into wall too...
We have brick walls or concrite walls. This is the reason why wind don't blow away our house.
What should we do with... concrete wall
Simply don't put a TV on the wall. Place on a stand which is at a comfortable height to watch the images. No problem no point making unneeded noise and holes etc
only works in the US where your walls are made of paper
The internal walls of Most homes in America are drywall on each side and 2 X 4 studs in between due to climate and cost.
Was looking for a solution but... This will work only in America where house walls are built from hollow drywalls :D That works the same way as cutting a hole in the cardboard. Unfortunately, can't do this with the European brick and concrete walls.
Or ... Just put some art in front of the cords.
not use full for brick n concrete houses  ..in my country ( india )not possible. .
What you use the tape measure for?
Not easy in hard concrete walls
Not advised!  It’s better to install new outlet and then install two boxes one for outlet and one for a cat6 for a hdmi extender.  You can also hide everything but your tv.
Thank you so much. I am going to try this.
Sorry but in Europe we cant do that: our walls are made of concrete.
What's that wall made of ?
Get yours here from eBay, free shipping included: http://bit.ly/ebay-tv-cable-cover
What if its concrete wall?
brick walls tough :)
Try that on a 420 year old wall in an English cottage lol - bring on wireless power i say!
Hide that TV only... 😂.. Dumbasses
Very Nice
Fake 🤢🤮
what if you have actual real walls? in no part of my home do we have walls you can punch through or even drill through without a hammerdrill
$10?????? No more like a few hundred as most households don't have the tools!
У него стена из пенопласта чтоли?
Dumdum
In the rest of the world we use solid bricks for our walls.... I don't know in what kind of monopoly home do you life when you can cut a piece off the wall with nothing but just a knife...
👍
I'm shocked the word "hack" wasn't used...
That's fine for A/V cables but not acceptable or safe for power. Also, if you did do this, probably a good idea to run the stud finder the path your cables will go...lest you find a surprise cross member put in to support some previous construction.
Thank you sooooooo much ♡
What if there is a stud that runs horizontally across?
Stupid lol
Your house have no insulation? The majority of house have insulation packed behind the drywall you can't pull wires through like that.
LRN2DIY , please take this video down. this is extremely dangerous and illegal. god forbid someone does this and has a fire and someone dies, you'd be responsible.....is it worth the YouTube views??
this is a great way to nullify your homeowners insurance!!! yes, you might get away from not complying with your local building department but god forbid you have a fire.... you not only risk your life but you could lose everything without reimbursement form your insurance company
Love this!!!
I cut the hole in the wall but use it to watch my sister in the shower.
Good job, I’m going to try
Good job !!
Pls make videos on how to hide indian wall wires i mean on cement wall
where do the the cords hook to after you pull them through the second square thing on the wall. they reach the back of the TV, to plug into?
😂😂😂😂😂what kind of funny wall is that? I'm from germany our walls are made from stone😂😂😂😂
awesome thank you ....
..."Damn-it-"...i just came in from off the streets ...i/m LIVING NOW with TRIAL-&-ERROR-"...in My LEASE AGREEMENT-"...if i Listen to you it ..will DEFINITELY-..be an .."Error-"...
My wall don’t has that hole
Easier and cheaper is to use brush wall plates
This is good. Thanks for sharing!
How’s ur neck from looking up to watch that tv. It should be at eye level sitting down. Not standing up
Great video👍🏾 very easy job
keep moving the tv then keep  Tearing  down the house.
To all the people saying  "I can punch a hole through that wall". This is why we have guns and big balls in America. I sleep worry free at night.
What if the wall opens to another person's hall or worse bedroom?!!lol lol.....nice idea though...thanks..
⁦👍🏻⁩⁦👍⁦👍🏻⁩👍
Cool man. Thanks
I got excited until I realized my house is made of shiplap and six inch plaster
we have our tv wall mounted and a foot of cable but fire place is brick  there is a cupboard to the left side of it  not sure it would work
worst video
Fire hazard . Insurance will not like this
Put the middle of the t.v at eye level to your seating position i.e on the stand. Spend the money on some brackets for the speakers.
That’s awesome 👏 Thank you
Thanks. It's really amazing.
I know nothing about electrical stuff. Why can’t you just plug your power cord into a surge protector and call it a day? (After the power cord is run through the wall)
Walls in your place are so different from where I'm at. Here we use cement block and concrete. And of course paint...
I mount tvs in Houston
Oscillating tool with the qbit single gain bit works much better and faster than a utility knife
That’s a no-no for me, it’s a potential cockroach nest over there.
Wonder if using white plastic shallow rectangler pvc bout 2" wide would look good running all the wires through it, it would save from having to cut couple holes in wall.
What kind of Wall is this ? He just cut like a 🍰 .
So weak wall
Bad idea even if the code allows it or if you're just throwing away HDMI cables. Just think about making life easy for mice/rodents and other creatures to enter behind the drywall.
Love the wall mount where did you get it?
Dude..U are cutt of the wall WTF is this wall
Great job! TFS
how do you run your wires into the wall. If you stick wires through one plate, how do you grab it out of the other?
You're excited about that tiny TV mounted 40 feet high on the wall? Lol, might as well just cut a hole in the ceiling and mount it in the attic then you can watch it with opera glasses.
Haha I got an old house with drywall.
Does my neck in, when people put their tv's up that high!? Your house is a cinema ffs.... unless you've got a projector of course.
Great work thanks for the tip
Beware in California standard framing bays may have horizontal blocking at 4ft.
Too bad you don’t have higher ceilings so you could mount the tv even higher. Or maybe you’re 11 feet tall and when you sit down, your height is such that this actually represents a comfortable viewing angle. If however you’re not 11 feet tall and not sitting 75 feet away, that’s about 30” higher than it should be. But...if you’re one of those who sits in the front row of movie theaters on purpose, then that’s about right. Someone who isn’t a smartass would simply say - Why in the world is the tv so high on the wall?
So the tv that high is for the giraffe pets you have?
why is that TV mounted so high?
Not a problem.  How long do you think that power surge is going to last?  The power surge will be over before the wire has a chance to heat up.  A power surge is a surge: short lived. So, your house gets hit by lightning and the only insulation that catches fire is your TV cord and ONLY if it is hidden in the wall?  Your TV wires are not going to be smoldering in a wall cavity for hours or even a minute.  Remedy the situation by putting a plug-in surge protector in the outlet near the baseboard.  Run the TV power cord down through the wall (like he shows) and into the surge protector.  If there is a surge, the surge protector will trip before any cord gets hot and before your electronics get fried.  My TV, router, DVD player etc. are plugged into a surge protector that plugs into the outlet.
Ok, I understand that running a TV power cable behind the wall could be a code violation. But what about just coaxial and other audio/video and signal type cables? Thanks.
In UK my houses is made of brick hard enough to get a nail in the wall never mind a hole lol
yes sure and everybody can cut walls with a knife haha
Be advised. While pushing on the drywall, it is best to place the utility knife down!!!
My wall is made with concrete so doing this means i have to destroy my wall
My outlet is 2 studs away from the back of the TV, so I can’t just drop the wires straight down the wall.
Even easier don’t buy a tv and safe yourself $1110 👍🏽
I am loving this as my tv wires annoy me so much. My tv is mounted above a gas fire (approved by manufacturer) so do you have ideas of how I can hide wires in this scenario. Thanks, Mary from New Zealand.
I wish you could come to my house and do this for Me
That's also a very good spot for spiders, bugs and so on btw!
Thanks
This only works if your house is made of wood... useless in the netherlands, every house here made of bricks
😱👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
I was exited until I found out my walls are made out of hard cement or some hard shit
Great tutorial! Thank you for sharing! Subscribed!
only in US Carton wall. In Eu all houses are from Brick - try do smth like that.
In my way to Lowe's. Thanks for the video.
I did this and my mom told me I was adopted,  I guess that's the price I paid for destroying the walls..... all in all it seemed worth it to not see wires from my tv.
How did you run your wires to the bottom? Did you just dangle them until you could see them? Great video thank you.
Great job!!
Thanks for the help
Thanks for sharing.  That looks easy enough. I think I'll give it a try.
Is your side 6 feet in the air?
It's a cardboard and not a wall, I thought these walls were only in furniture stores .. thank God for having only brick walls in Croatia
Question..how did you run your cable line?
Thanks
Nice but my house made up concrete cement with iron rods Better I will put my tv on fancy bench and hide wire's behind the bench
He worked neat.
Cool job, especially the walmount is pretty fancy
That's even better than the other video on this!
How about on plaster walls?
Good job.
What i dont get its when you pull youre tv to extend , the cable cords cant reach!
Wow cool fix!
my biggest concern is electrical wires. I don't know anything about home remodeling or construction. Does the stud finder make sure you don't run into electrical hazards?
*Good way to welcome bugs between your dry wall into your house. NICE!*
Kipróbáltam a panelba, de sniccerrel csak a tapetaig jutottam. Nem gond kuvestem a lyukakat ezeknek a bizbaszoknak, de a kábelek az istennek nem akarnak atmenni a nyomorult betonon.
your wall can make an easy hole what if it is made out of concrete.???
Thanks for the vid...
Excellent I wish he can do mine
That was AWESOME!! THANKS
What about plastered walls?
Wall of cardboard!? Wtf
Wow that’s so much easier than I was expecting thabks
I just spray paint camo on it.   Now it's invisible
Usless for concrete walls.
.  Thank you for being so generous and kind. This is awesome.
Now I wanna eat dry wall jk I wanna smell it
المشكله احنا بيوتنا  طابوق وليس خشب
So I need to change my brick walls to ply wood so that I can do what you did. Great thanks!
What about when you run into a 2x4 in the middle of the joists? I believe this has to do with firewall protection.
where is your insulation at
looks real easy thanks
Thanks champion, question what do you do if you have a cross beam/stud that runs horizontal between where you want the wires to feed in and feed out.
Where I can buy the Dewalt screwdriver support at 4:50 ? Thank you
did u just block the part with the wire at the bottom? Also how did u put the wires through the top portion, u didn't show that part
bro your walls are made of styrofoam
Now make a video of you fixing the bug infestation problems that you'll have after you're done.
Thanks for the video this is realy helpful thanks
Well, duh!  What about horizontal studs, or the wall tightly filled with insulation?
I dont have a drywall mate!!!
Awesome thank you definitely gonna do this 👌🏽
And this is a great video on how not to do this!
This wont work in india
Does stud finder works for bricks wall as well
You call that a wall?
what about when the wall is constructed with concert
സിമന്റിട്ട ചുമരാണെങ്കിൽ എന്ത് ചെയ്യും...?ഓട് കുരുപ്പേ കണ്ടം വഴി.....In case of cement wall, how it will work .. ? Run baby via the field
Thanks love it
What's your wall made off? Mine is concrete wall
Use white pvc :-)
Thx man!
You can't screw a screw into drywall it will just spin without special drywall screw sockets
Great!
Thanks for the tip!
this tv is so high. How you watch it?   head up or standing all the time?
Super cool!!!  Thanks for sharing!!!
Great, assuming no fireblocks in the way......
Good video! Thanks 👍🏽
What you run into a fire block?
If you mounted your tv to a stud,  there's not going to be another stud for 16 inches in most cases. What a tool bag. Lol
I am 54, this young man is so impressive. I keep showing my husband, "What a well raised (sorry) boy he is. Look how clean cut he is. He is so impressive, he knows so much." My husband agrees. I just subscribed because he is such a nice young man. Then we found almost 5 million people are watching him, so everyone is impressed. I just subscribed because of him, what a wonderful educator. His videos are sharp and crisp and clear and quick. His parents are so blessed. What a wonderful young man. Just amazing.
Yeaaaaah we don't have such a wall nobody in our street has as far as I know
my wall is a cemented concrete ballistic missile prof , any ideas?
put a screw in the middle of the piece you are cutting out to use as a handle that way the cut off piece will not fall in the wall and you dont have to try and fish it out
Hi, what make tv mount are you using or would you recommend?
Thanks for this
Now, just never move your TV and never move house xD
Da fuk american houses made of card boards... Yea u cant do it in europe.
My house is made of bricks... BRICKS
Feeding tube.....bad idea?
Running the cables behind the drywall looks great. Unfortunately when this genius goes to pull out his TV to turn it or tilt it, he'll discover his TV is essentially stuck to the wall in this one position. This wasn't discussed in the video. Don't take DIY instructions from geniuses. Way to limit that expensive wall mount buddy.
Great work!!
lol i have concrete wall should i bulldoze my house
Smart video but for home owners only...
What if my wall is concrete?
Or this and no holes at all https://www.amazon.com/STANDiT-Drill-Wall-Mount-Screens/dp/B0723D1YC1/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1509652825&sr=8-1&keywords=standit&dpID=31gZxeN-KAL&preST=_SY300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch
avi wall kya leva Javi?
Not that something, but not all their walls are hollow. The wall is brick in my place, and that is not possible.
Your a ******* god
Or hire a Mexican it can be done for 7.25
lol was that tiny tv really worth all the effort?
Great!!!  Thanks.
How to Hide Your TV Wires for $10... if you already have lots of power tools, and electrical gadets?! :)
Awesome! Thanks for the idea. (hate cords showing!)
Great DIY video... clear, concise, even a big dummy like me can do this!  Thank you...
America: where walls are made from cardboard
WARNING: In many areas, it is a code violation to put your power cord in your wall as is shown in this video. Putting Audio/Video cords in your wall is fine but, for power, adding an extra outlet may be required by code so check out my video on how to do that! https://youtu.be/pe6H9sZMkhA
I like how you told everybody the wrong way to do it but then tell them not to do it in the comments. Instead of taking down the video because it has 4mil+ views
you can just punch with your fist
Why do all American homes have flimsy wooden walls, get brick or concrete walls!
Nice idea, but in Germany we have mostly houses with solid walls, so it's kinda useless for me. But definitely subscribe!
A small tip before cutting out the square. Put in a small screw to help pull out the square when finished cutting
The main part I wanted to see was you feeding the wires and you left that part out. How did you do it?
Wow too cool!
Awesome
it just works on american paper walls :D why u cant build houses resistant vs hurricanes?
How did u feed the wires though with out losing them inside the wall?
Don't run non in-wall rated high voltage cable inside your walls . It's a fire hazard
"WARNING: DO NOT PUT YOUR POWER CORD IN YOUR WALL." Why not?
Great video. Very clear and helpful. Great job.
7mins with 4 ads...really???
Two thumbs up my friend! Very nice, simple and easy to follow. I will be doing this one.
Why is the tv so high up?
You can't run high voltage (power) wires through the wall. It's against code and a fire hazard. If your house burns down and they find this video you're fucked.
Great video,Seems easy but my drywall have thick insulation!?The cords will get stuck/trapped ..what do u recommend ?
Awesome! now you can invest the saved money on an actual real wall!
A far easier way is to get the longest drill bit you can find and drill (2-3 feet) through your wall, hopefully you have drilled through into your neighbours house and they can then route your wires for you.  Much easier.
Nice job.
Or leave it be for free...
Great job with one exception it's against electrical code to run that power wire to the wall like that
you cannot put the power cord in the wall.
unfortunately, my house is entirely made of solid bricks. not sure if it is unfortunately, actually lol. But it makes harder to do things like that. so that wont work for me.... Anyway nice video
toturial with german walls pls
Thank you
That tv will fall of that wall one day if you can cut it out with a Stanley blade how the hell do you expect it to hold a tv
over all the information in this video, I still couldn't help being triggered over that TV being mounted WAY too high up lol
Lol my walls are made with cement
Kool nice work thanks
Are the houses in the US made out of paper or something?
Nice
Woah what a wall
This wall is made of wood not concrete.
Plywood wall lol.. 😂 i dint expect tht
Wht about Concrete wall
I can do without any cost
If I ever have $10 that I can spend on something frivolous like hiding wires I'll be in good fucking shape!
Pretty cool for a doll house
Nice idea but got these white blocks and do that instead
need 1" pvc pipe and cut down a drain over the cement wall than install the pipe than hide the pipe with cement again!!
Simple and easy except not renter friendly
Very well executed there. I'm new to your channel I subcriped btw
Beautiful 👀 look Very professional
Would it still work if my wall is painted red?
What if big ass spiders that were hidden in the wall gets out of the holes 🕷
good solution but sadly not pratical
great! looks so easy i know i can do this! thanks
What you advise for the walls with bricks will this idea work on that ... If no  then this is bull shitt ..
What If Some body have Concrete Walls?
Бля, стены бетонные
Awesome
Try this on concrete wall...
Hence proved there is no solution.
This can't be done in concrete solid wall. Any suggestion
What about If you have brick wall?
Bizim köylerimizde bile böyle ev olmaz ellaam
My knife broke. Because it was concrete
Tv Mount looks awesome,where do i found ?
What if you have brick walls?
And how to hode cables if my wall from bricks? Any idea, i kinda hate mamy tangle cable on my wall
AWESOME
Great video dude, well done!
Your house is cardboard, mine is cement, next time i build a house ill do it with cardboard
poda loose
Too bad my walls are made of about a foot's worth of concrete. Handy if King Dong starts dropping nukes nearby, not so handy for hiding wires.
so first thing you need is a special kind of walls
I like it but I'm from st.maarten the Caribbean  we build with concrete walls r cinder blocks fill with cement... so I cnt use this idea but trust me it's a very good idea
Yeah its possible in cartoon houses. I'm living In block flat made of concrete slabs xD
Lucky you, your wall covered by gypsum. My house wall without cover gypsum. But thanks for idea.
not possible in india...we have solid brick walls
Whare i live, evry wall including interior they do metal, insullation concrete then brick, then your cutting yer wall open with a exacto blade
You still ran the power cable through the wall
Very Neat n Tidy!! I like !
Ok, this is recommended to me and i am watching this and I don't know why the fuck i am watching this ?? 🖕
what to do if it is concrete wall
Está bien para casas de cartón ....
Ok lets say I do have empty drywalls.. (No I don`t) our walls have plaster on it so you can't just easily cut with a knife like that
show blueteeth speak
Haha.,  our indian walls are made with full of cement., rocks ., stones and etc 😜😜😜😜
I think I love you
😎🍺✌👣👍🐶👍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
zrób tak w scianie z cegły, u was wszystkie domy są z tektury
this isn't a real wall, joke wall
Try that in Europe.
Great video, easy to understand instructions. Keep up the good work
Excellent!!
I live in a pool will it work there?
Brilliant!
Bricks happen
shit,i found a massive stone wall… and now?👎👎👎
Because you in America have this paper walls do this in Croatia
Wow that's a small tv
what do you do if your house isnt made of chalk??
Congrat man... This is the american way, dry wall everywhere. But in my country the houses built of bricks. Not from toothpick and paper... LOL
Who gives a fuck about the wires
awesome
And then you live in an apartment and have to pay to repair the wall.
Guardians of galaxy 🤦🏻‍♂️
That is not applicable on the concrete wall😩
For commenters who are renters or have walls that should not have holes cut or drilled into them, the alternative solution I suggest is a wiring cable raceway duct.
I am thinking of doing this, but if I do is it more difficult to extend the tv toward you because it pulls on the wires?
Video : Pulls power cable through wall. Description : DO NOT PUT YOUR POWER CORD IN YOUR WALL.
doesn't work on concrete and brick walls
Great illustration.  Quick and simple.
I'd have an urge to get the cable exit not as close as possible, but on the opposite as far as possible from the place the cables need to go out to but still remain hidden, to make the cables fold behind the TV with some slack that would allow for more movement.
we oftenly do this at work ^^ when installing outlets on drywall  cleanest way to do it  wondering how you mounted that tv bracket though did you put renforcement's prior to placing the drywall ?
So do you have to feed the wires/ install the feeders between the same space of 2 studs? I would love to do this but idk if I have one or 2 studs away from tv to plug. I'm I not thinking clear or just have a woman brain. Lol but I'd like to know for reals.
An angle showing both plates simultaneously would've also been a big help. Good video though..
Das geht auch nur mit euren amerikanischen Papphäusern.
Very cool man, hope some day i will get a wall like that not drywall here in south america hahaha just concrete 😝 also need a home depot :p thats it anyways thanks man
And if I have a house made from concrete and not from shitty plastic and wood? (like most of the world, just america not)
Thank you! Im moving into my first house so this is useful!
Thank you
Now tell me the solution
We have bricks wall
Awesome man..so perfect !
Won't work in the UK, we don't have dry wall
Wow. So easy. Thanks!
Well...it only works for people with fake walls
How can i do this on brick wall?
What was done was illegal and against NEC electrical code. You can not, ever place a power cord inside a wall. Not only is that illegal it is actually a serious fire hazard. Check out NEC 400.1>
10 bucks sounds great, but then you realize that only works if you live in a house made of gingerbread...
Great job brother...keep it up
did you came across with a firewall ?
Com parede de madeira é fácil..
but I have to get like 3 or 4 I have system higher and lower than the dresser its above.
it be nice but I have old plug n play I occasionally play but that's it. but how about how to hide the powerstrip.
my dad is thanking you a million!!!!!!!!!
Power cable in the wall. Man not a good move. That is a fire hazard.
just cut out two holes
u can do it for free
what is the holder for your TV on the wall? looks so simple to install!
mortar bitches... MORTAR
Not supposed to be done this way. Electrician is needed to run appropriate graded electric to behind the tv. They also sell power relocation kits that are legally rated to relocate electric up behind tv using a similar method with wall plates. The extension cord provided meets safety standards.
Valuable info. Thanx, man!
What if i have concrete walls?
Good work bro
who told that guy that cost 10 dollars... you need a drill and a saw thingy lol
This guy... Who mounts their 40'' TV  5 foot high on the wall. LOLOLOLOLOLOL.
Awesome idea. Thanks for sharing.
Awesome video and tips. I will be trying it this weekend
Looks great
Great video. Thanks :)
Apartment rules:"No holes in walls",I did it anyways(to mount the tv,I just let the cables hang,but bundled neatly with wire ties)in master bedroom,42" Samsung as high up as could get,on swing arm,craftmatic adjustable bed is key,just like hospital room,I love it
Too bad you went through all that detail then didn't bother to show finish product? So the wires you pulled through the lower box went where? To a lower outlet?
I'm more concerned about the size of that TV mount compared to the actual tv, I mean, I can already feel the mount slowly getting ripped off the wall
I have a more creative way of hiding my wires, I make them part of the setup with using trusty zip ties to make it futuristic
Seems super easy!
What if my wires aren't long enough. Do I have to buy longer cables.? My tv's power cord is on the left and the wires for the speaker internet etc is on the right.
what kinda walk u have there
Excellent Video, thanks for sharing
The power tv cable never putting inside the wall
Awesome, thanks
Pretty sure this violates multiple National Electric Code laws. You can't put cables inside of walls as it is a fire hazard and it is usually against the rules of the HOA and what home owners insurance will allow.   👎
People who like this video: Americans/Bulgarians  People who don't like this video: EU
Won't work in the uk. Most houses use brick or breeze block plastered walls.
damn o my god i have seen the how not to do your wall i have done drywall this is so bad
Not very energy efficient though.
ITs ok if ur walls are made of  paper
what if there is concrete wall
what if there is concrete wall
Good Job Nils! TYVM :)
by the tools you are using , i can tell how pro you are
What are you doing to keep summer hot air and winter cold drafts from coming out of those wall boxes?  And bugs?
Yeah, that TV is too small for the wall and mounted wayyy too high.
I think we need to change the whole wall for this. anyway it's a nice trick
My house its made out of concrete
Always keep signal cables (VGA HDMI etc) away from Power cables or you will have a problem that electricians call losses
what if we have cement wall?
sho nice
Don't do this. It makes it much harder to rewire or swap wires
lmao, that cheap wall, this ain't gonna cut it here in Europe.
guardians of the galaxy movie rite
But how wire went down exactly where another puncture was there🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Get an old Console from the 80s or 90s and you wont have that problem lol
What the hell we have walls made of brick should I use explosives to blow a hole in the wall 😂
not working in brick made House.
What about the fire breaks?
what about any studs cross ways in the walls???
Nice work.  Bit the TV 📺 is too high for comfort.
wtf .. my walls are not made of cardboard like yours...👎👎👎👎
u should just make a small hole behind the TV
I like your video good job
Would this work if you mount the tv over a prefab fireplace?
if I had walls made of this stuff, my house would have been in ruins coz I have a habit - which is very compulsory- in my daily life- and that is punching the walls.
forgot to mention phishing tape
Can you come to my house😂😂😂 all kidding aside thank you I gotta try it I don't have a handyman 😱
yes I did it far long back..
Not a fan of wall mounted TV. They're often way too high up in the wall plus what happens when you change the TV? New holes?
homes in India is not that simple to make a hole... we have concrete walls.. :(
new. sub. here.
this.  video. was. great.    men.    Thank you
Nice but how to solve the problem when my wall made of red bricks?
Great video. I just got a house and the tv will have to go above the fireplace. Do you have any suggestions on hiding wires where they would need to go on the side and not down in the fireplace?
very nice
All those spiders meeeeeh
this only works for americans and their paper walls lol
can i do that to panels ? cause their thinner than sheetrock
How do you fish the cable through the top and come out the bottom? Won't the middle studs be in the way?  Also, if you wanted to take out that cover, how would you get it out because of the inside thing hugging the inside wall?
If I tried this I'd get the wires stuck in the wall and not be able to pull them out. Ever. 🔌
It's not good enough to put a note in the description about not putting the power cord in your wall when you have the guy say it's okay during the video.  You should take this video down.
Nice 👌
My wall cant be cutted. Jeez...
wonder how hard it would be to feed wire if you have insulation behind the drywall
Hello, this is way off topic....my computer is on the second floor but the wireless router is in the basement...what do you recommend to enhance the signal? I got a better router with wider range and upgraded the cable internet service to the fastest and unlimited...,but neither worked...thx in advance
its work if ur wall have a hole.
oh hell no that wall broke off so easily! 😮
really well done
the old flat earth again..
Brilliant!! 👏
Y anyone wanna ruined their house for just wire OMG!
The video shows you installing the power wire in the wall, however the description advises against this because it is "required by code". Check the codes in your area because the might actually allow this (I do this for a living). What they DO DOT allow is for you to have an extension cord plugged in to the TV INSIDE the wall! This is very dangerous and illegal. If your cord is not long enough to pass through the wall then get a longer extension cord and plug it in at the top. Coil your excess cord beside the TV.
my neighbours aren't too thrilled about my TV cables sticking out of their wall. =(
What an awesome video. I hate cables everywhere.  my husband has more cables in our house than the cable company along the whole state. LOL.   Do you have a good idea how to hide cables from a computer desk that is not against the wall but towards the middle of the room?
nice trick, but actually i dont need to hide the cables if my TV is not mounted so high like that . It will ruin my neck :v
For $10 less, you can just put two holes in the wall and run the wires like that!
comment section status report: "Omg paper wall, mine's solid" - accounts for 72% of all comments. "That's a code violation, nulls home insurance" - 15% of all comments. "Why is that tv so high up?" - 11% of all comments everything else adds up to 2%
Forgot to mention some may have a horizontal beam to deal with. So prior to cutting a hole in your wall, should probably see if you're able to drop down the wires with no obstructions first.
Great video...
Thank you!
just use conduit
Thank  You !!!
so if you live on the east coast your fucked then lol all the houses over there are old school brick and stuff
Not so simple when you have fire stops. Also, nice drywall. Not.
Ага глнул бы на него как он б сделал это с нашими стенами)))
its Against code to put your  TV wire behind the dry wall Bruh.
What abt electric wires
Cannot put power cords for tv's inside the wall!
Why did you install that TV so high!?
Now that's awesome!!!!! Love it!
I've actually done some professional installs with my buddies a/v company and I don't see why they don't use "easier" methods like this. I'm stuck between doing it with all my tv's but I'm renting the house and I don't want to put any holes in the walls even though it looks clean. Any suggestions
Le case degli americani sono fatte tutte di cartone. Poi si lamentano che gli uragani le portano via.
I don't see why this needs to be a thing. Are people going to come into the house and say "Oh my god such a beautiful ho-WHAT IS THAT? Why are there wires coming from the TV?!" It's just some wires...if it's an issue get a wire wrap to keep them contained. Better yet, save yourself the work by making it non-wall mounted. This only works for hollow-walled homes. Honestly, I'm kinda ticked off.
Or you could just have an unmounted TV and it'll look better. No strain on the wall, just good ol' gravity.
Amazing....... now, do the same with a concrete wall :)
Um most walls have installation in them so this will not work
great job exactly what I needed to see. thanks
floating around the walls. what the ef are you smoking..
well if the wires cost $8.99 each then that's more than $10.00.
How about for a concrete wall ?
AWESOME...  WILL DEFINITELY GIVE THIS A TRY...
the positioning works good for your setup here, but my tv came with a permanent electric cable that was not long enough to go through wall + come out to socket, and apparently, it is a fire safety code to use an extension inside your wall. it has to be a solid cable. just fyi
good job buddy!
Wow.  You learn something new everyday. Great vid.
If I had a brick wall?
Buy a plastic shower rod cover the color of the wall and put them in that.
Who knew someone with a Viking name could give useful advice?
This only works if you don't have rats and mice living in your walls... :-)
Not code compliant... You can't run the electrical power through low voltage outlets...
The third pig does not like this video.
Awesome video thank you! nothing will interfere with the wiring from top to bottom behind the wall?
10 bucks if you have the $300 $500 equipment
Isn't there a horizontal stud between two vertical studs? Wouldn't that block cables from reaching the other outlet? PS: I'll give you $20 U.S. right now if you come to my apartment and do this for me!
I watched your video cut my holes and then found out what a firebreak is. You should have addressed this in your video. I now have holes in my wall but I can't thread the cables due to the firebreak, (horizontal stud). I now have to cut out the drywall to cut through the firebreak, then patch the wall. Before following this video look for firebreaks (horizontal studs). Using a drywall saw is much easier than a razor by the way, preferably one you can stab through the wall.
And now I know how I'm going to hide all the wires in my bedroom!  Thanks Nils!!!
I did this during the build of my basement in Brampton, ON. Pretty simple and super clean. And at the end if you end up moving your setup easy enough to patch.  Nice job dude.
Hi Nils,  I noticed you turned that area on your drill where all those numbers are, at 5:46.   I have a Black and Decker portable drill but I have no idea what that part is for, can you explain?  I use my drill a lot but I really should know how to use it to it's best advantage.  Thanks, and appreciate your clear presentation style.
But what if creepy crawlys come in thru there
I live in a tent, can I still do this?
Very smart good job but I have stone fireplace 😬
In my head I kept thinking of how good of an entrance this is for mice. But I live near a prairie field so they sneak in anyways.
Wow I like that
wud have been nice if u showed those last two parts that hire the tv cables
thanks man didn't realize it was that simple
looks like magic
this dude has no fucking clue what he is doing. 1 a zip saw for retro boxes WTF? 2 running unrated 110 in the wall will void your homeowners coverage in a fire claim and will not pass inspection if you are subject to it. 3 this guy cuts the vertical drywall line first, which means it's amateur hour 4 also not covered in video: firebreaks 5 he installs the boxes before the wires WTF please please don't follow these instructions
Use a pencil to trace your template - you can erase that you were brutal to the drywall. How did you plumb it - by eye?
Got a cigarette, Nills?
What kind of walls are those, don't you guys have bricks in America? No wonder homes are airborne at the slightest breeze. In Europe we build stuff old school, you need a tank to break in.
Lol, like everyone in the world has cardboard walls... Won't work on my brick wall haha
What if you have a brick wall 😂
so....houses in USA have hollow walls....ok
Great video.  Thanks
Damn stop going on about it not being legal. If a single wire is such a hazard stop building your homes out of paper mache.
You made it look real easy
I am new to your Channel I subscribed I love how easy you make it seem to hide the wires I'm going to try it
TV is way too high
Does this guy not know that studs are 16" on Center   Can't believe e he needed a stud finder.
Great video quick and to the point. made it easy for me to understand.
2:36 started
tidy job good video cheers
why in the fuck would you make this video if its illegal to do this and in the description you tell us not to do this... so stupid
Thanks... Great information
what kind of wall is that? I have concrete and brick wall in my House
what if my wall is made of brick solid
omg what house is that?:)))
he's able to hide the tv wires but not is mic wire out his shirt haha
WHat about if you have double brick?
I want to ask: that one of my HDMI wire has broken how can I take out the wire from the wall and replace it with a new one? Please help.
cheap house lol
Super cool thanks
ive subscribed thank you
you will have a mess with wood lathe and horse hair plaster
she batillo  gay. Quiero que haga lo mismo en concreto. Lo que hizo cualquiera con pensar un poco y teniendo una casa hecha así puede hacerlo.
Those plates are for low voltage.... ie coax, ethernet , phone, hdmi etc.....     The TV power cord is not supposed to run thru the interior of the wall...  It's not rated for that....  You should always use a properly rated recessed electrical outlet.
Nice
Great Video. Question: Did you have to check for any horizontal studs that might exist from the top feed to the lower? Or was it just Luck?
check out my video on "How to not hide those wires and save ten bucks"
I love your video. I'm planning to put up a full motion wall mount next week. Do you have a DIY video for that? I looked through your channel a bit and didn't find one.
nice video but if u got concrete walls den u just need to paint the wire with same wall paint or tape it.😎
You dug out your drill to tighten plastic retaining brackets?? OMG.
Try that in Australia, at 1200mm there's a horizontal timber between each stud, won't happen.
I tried this, but roaches keep coming through the hole. Any idea?
paper house, pff
awesome thanks for sharing this it really works.
nice!!!!
what is the point of having the articulating wall mount if there is no slack in any of the cables to move the TV around?
hundred of dollars for the drill
big ass reciever, two tiny ass speakers... wtf brah!! 😔
Que bueno una pared de cartón! Así es bien facil
So you can just cut your wall with a knife?
I wanna move my tv over on that side now hmm
the two boxes are five dollars each, yet you still need a pencil, stud finder, utility knife. and possibly a drywall saw or drill. as long as you can get all that stuff free, then this can be done for ten dollars. if not you must add the cost of tools.
what about for the people who have brick walls?
i've got concrete wall, i can't do it by myself
first,  there is no airflow to the wire. second, when a power surge does happen and the tv wire isn't double shielded it will burn our at least be excessively hot. this would ignite the insulation like kindling. that's why it's against code.. that's why any installer worth his salt (like myself) wouldn't do this.. lastly, it voids part of the home owners warranty.
my wall is stone wall :(
hey, you should've shown how you feed the cables down
Great video! I will be doing this process this weekend. thanks
People in the ghetto will create safe spaces for roaches, if they do this.  We can call em "sanctuary walls".
what did u use to get the wires down the wall to the other hole?
use a sheet rock saw dumbass
shut up and. use wireless tv  😂😂
Side note that's for only low voltage wires.  The tv plug should not be in the wall.  You would need to put an outlet behind the tv for the plug
what if you got a cemented Wall?
That tv is mounted way too high... not optimal for viewing at all...
Lol @ everyone bitching that plasterboard walls aren't real walls! We have similar build in Australia usually - brick or wood veneer, timber frame and plasterboard internal walls. But we do have a lot of double brick in older buildings as well. Anyway, good video - this is a really simple method!
It only works for fake walls. Here we've got real walls
Since when do you mount a tv on a stud wall and how do you get the cables past the noggings.
nope.. we got a concrete home
Please re title video "How to burn down house". House fires not common enough?
My wall is made of concrete so....
Great video! Very helpful!
in you put rockwhool in between the drywall you have more silence
it's better to think before making ur home wire connection...
Why would you mount such a small tv? Yikes!
Excellent step-by-step.
great idea but only if you are using a wall with no insulation in it
Who cares about hiding wires? Maybe if people didn't hang up their Tell-lie-Vision's up high they wouldn't need to hide wires. Why is it a big deal if you can see wires anyway? Who wants to look up at a TV when they could just look straight?
Just did this to my TV, excellent video and extremely helpful!!
Great idea! Going to use in my basement project.
Try with german walls 😂
Thanks, but its  not working for me, with a fuckin concrete wall :)
this sure is dumb as fuck. If you want to move the TV to a different spot, you gotta do patchwork
mounted too high.
what if it’s concrete wall?
Ok we get it, other countries don't use drywall for their walls. No need for every single person to comment "can't do this to my wall it's concrete/try to do this in a house from my country" if you can't do this to your wall then sucks. End of story.
Nice idea but I do not have a TV. ))))
if in background cement wall then?
My wall built with blok , so cant make it with this way
Was that Alien Nation on Sci-fi channel?
Comment if you want a big hole in your wall ya all just make a big f ing hole in my wall for some stupid wires
👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
you should change the title to how to make your house poorly circulate and run up your electric bill
W Polsce ten numer nie przejdzie :)
Do you not have insulation in your walls?
Americans and your wooden homes.
it's lit !!!!
Very nice!! I never knew it was so easy.
stop doing the save Jesus shit loser
هاد الحيط بالكرتون ولا شنو هههه هاد الميريكان ههههه
In Indian houses we can't cut brick wall....:-(
that's great if you just have a plasterboard wall, what if the wall is single brick with plaster claddding?
you can just buy UPPLEVA Cable cover strip, white $5 from ikea its very easy ,also can paint and match with your wall color .
great video!
Awesome
Good idea, well presented!
The power wire for your Television is not rated to be in a wall.  Therefor you need an outlet behind your TV.  The method shown in this video is a ABSOLUTE FIRE HAZARD!  All the other wires can be in the wall as shown. JUST NOT THE POWER CABLE!!
awesome video thanks dude
pls try that on concrete wall
cut the holes but the cord won't come straight down. I was looking for video to show how get chords drop straight down.
Thanks! this definitely works here in New Zealand!
Drywall??? Not surprised that all houses in the USA fly in a tornado. lol
С вашими картонными стенами это не проблема. Заезжай к нам в РФ и покажи как ты решил бы эту задачу у нас)
Why are you showing this if we cannot put the power cord into the wall like this? Stupid.
Do not put power cables behind your wall people!!!!   It's very dangerous and against code..   please delete this video
Hey mate. I'm the third little pig. My house is from bricks. Thanx for nothing.
Is that how walls are in the US???
that tv looks like its from the early 2000 lol
this vídeo is a joke.
nice man
10 $ wall .
In Europe we use real concrete and brick walls, we don't use a piece of cardboard for a wall...
Should have mounted it on the ceiling lol
What if you'd change your mind? New wall?
after watching ur vid I just have 1 question, apart from the uprite stud pattern, how did you get pass the stud bracing
ha ha ha to kod vas u americi moze tako jer je sve od karton/gips ploca i drveta . na balkanu se to zida blokovima i malterom i za tako nesto bi ti trebao kao prvo hilti :) ili cekic i stemajz ili mozda cirkular sa nekom dijamantskom plocom pa mozda za ceo dan uspes da iseces metar zida kako bi otvorio kanal za te kablovo pa posle ppzajmis mesalicu pa napravis malter da popunis kanal ;) . a mozda je jednostavnije da tv ostane dole na toj polici a kablove umotas selotejpom i navuras ih iza tv-a :)
To those saying "real walls", stop commenting about studded drywalls if you're not smart enough to understand them.
Ovo može samo na vašim kartonskim američkim kućama što ih vetar oduva, da vidim kako ćete u Srbiji da provučete kablove kroz punu ciglu. :)
Thank you I know to many this is nothing new but as a novice this was super helpful and easy for me to do
Broke few saws turns out my wall is from bricks
Tesori miei ma voi avete quei cazzo di muri vuoti che noi non abbiamo
How's it hangin ?
I took a hammer to the wall behind the TV then did the same down below where my Xbox, surround sound, and Blu-ray sit. I wish that I would have had these. it looks nice and you can't see the holes but if I ever move, they won't look nearly as nice
pffftahaha Dry walls/Empty walls...that aint no fucking way to build a house xD. Would love to see how you would do it on a real house with concrete/brick walls.
I can only find the receiving ends in the store.  They should sell the opening and receiving together!
paint them with white painting
Great video. Your explanation was simple and easy to understand. Thanks for sharing.
only for drywalls
Thumps up. Thx
Haha that only work with american houses xD... We build our houses stone on stone here
I was excited then I realized I'm homeless
Lol, i dont have that tipe of walls , only brick walls
The lines that run through walls to your outlets and light boxes are flexible. Don't know how this is"not up to code" or why everyone is a professional inspector all the sudden haha
Extension cords or TV cords hidden behind walls, it's  a big violation of the National Electric Code and could void your insurance coverage.
What I did for mine was completely opposite to you, instead of hiding all wires I exposed them and sorted them each in different patterns and used those wall clips to attach them to wall, making them looked like a wall pictures
Phahaha that bullshit walls You cannot have in Poland.
but I don't have drywall. I have concrete walls
lol i have built in wall buncker can't get through my wall with that cutter. ...no even missile
I'm from the UK and unfortunately our houses aren't made out of plaster and cardboard.....
How to do cable management? Just cutting holes.
I'm still waiting for the part where I only spend $10 to do this....
One very important ingredient is a dry wall....this solution applies only on a dry wall.
great video, u gotta a new sub!
cables into wall plate, and tv electric cable can into wall plate as well?  tv electric cable in plate and out plate from wall and connect to wall electric socket.  it's safe and i don't need to add electrical outlet for it?
how about if u have insulation in the wall
splendid! but how you solve the problem if these wall are bricks instead of gypsum/board....
Too bad my walls are pure concrete !!
for 10 dollars of work and 20 minutes of time???
A keyhole saw for cutting the holes might be a better way to go as it helps prevent the sheetrock from blowing out on the inside when you knock the plug out.  Losing paper on either side damages structural integrity, and you could end up with a very thin edge that won't support the trim.  I would place the lower trim piece as low on the wall as allowed; typically 14" or so above finished floor so that it will hide behind most furniture better,  and will look more professional as it will line up with other outlets. I would use cables long enough to allow for a loop at the top that let's the tv swing out for access to the back panel without pulling the cables in the wall. Finaly, it is against code to run lampcord, (the power cable for the tv) inside the wall.  Not a big deal until something happens like a fire, then good luck getting your insurance company to pay for repair.  A better solution is to install a recessed receptacle behind the tv and tie it in to the outlet below using approved wiring, like romex.  Simple to do. The narrator mentioned that the trim pieces are for "low voltage",which is a clear indication that you are not supposed to run 120 vac through them.
what to do with a concrete wall?
nice
intenta hacer eso en España jajajaja aquí no tenemos paredes de papel
It' working in USA where have a "paper wall"...
Thank you for sharing
oh yeah .. do this on brick and mortar walls
bad idea dudee many insects get through the wall
Omg!!! Looks so easy! Love it :)
to all thats crying about it wouldn't be up to code. here's a kit that is and just as easy to install. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B001PB7UVA/ref=pd_aw_sim_23_2?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=H0NFXMGY3D4QN7FFYSAA&dpPl=1&dpID=518hREAtYdL
You can't free air power cables behind the wall like that. That's only OK for low voltage cables. That's a fire hazard. You should have put a dual gang outlet behind the television.
My walls are made from bricks and stone not cardboard
What if I have solid reinforced concrete walls ?
insolation is done to out side walls not in side .. anything that doesn't get hit by the elements only thing I don't get is how this is a hack or anything like that it's what your supposed to do
Your houses have such a low quality walls... That's why when a tornado comes it gets all destroyed.
Cool video
Why every amarican have "Dry walls"  arent u a Tornado country and start crying "why does my hpuse flew away awww nooo"  thats why use bricks!
dude, my house use concrete walls ._.
Didn't work...its a scam. & now my dog is dead & my baby deaf & blender broken
In Bulgaria we have real brick walls....
You fucked the wall itself
Don't forget that you have to buy all new 8' cables to reach, so... add about $30.00 to that on Amazon.
muy bueno . . . Saludos desde Chile
wouldn't work in lost European houses 😂
Awesome video but why not use a regular screw gun instead of the Hammer drill ? lol thanks for the video though!!
I choose not to have cable because I can get my programming elsewhere. However, I do have a flat wall mount antenna. I end up needing to conceal about 3ft of cable. What is the best way to do this? Thankd.
damn good video brother
Before cutting in the first hole,  run the stud finder up and down to confirm there is no fire block.  Common on exterior walls.  Nothing worst than finding out you have a board which runs horizontally between the studs blocking your cables from getting to the lower box.
What if walls are of concrete?
Illegal
How do u do this "trick" with concrete walls?
Why are people asking how to do this with concrete and brick? Use your heads, if your wall is SOLID then how exactly are you going to run some cables through it? Why is this even a question in your mind?
well it's OK for people that have dry walls, but not if you have a proper house made of brick and insulation between the bricks.
Why didn't you line up the bottom plate to the other plates to make it "look" professional?
what!!!!!! u can pierce hole through a wall with mere blade... we have to use drill machine or a very very heavy hammer to do so. Why do u have wall made of cardboard instead of bricks 😂
that was smart
Too bad I don't live in a cardboard box.
DO NOT DO THIS...  it's for low voltage only...  He even said that in the video then runs the power cord.  Insurance won't cover this
stud finders are hilarious, NONE of them work lol.
only in 'murica the walls are made from paper and theyre empty
Nice Video
that's cartoon wall home !!
fuck off. not everyone has wooden walls like you. tell  how to do on solid bricks wall
prob worth mentioning IN the title..thats its for drywall only
what if you have Bricks wall,  it's worthless
Here in Saudi Arabia we use concrete for walls
haha sorry my wall is not made of styrofoam lol
houses are made out of cardboard and toothpicks that's why tornadoes take them away real easy and it catches on fire fast
That's a great idea. But I keep thinking about a spider cave.
it looks awesome I'm really interested in getting this done thanks so much for sharing
Greate idea, Thank you.
great stuff. i would suggest wrapping the wires using cable wrappers before running them behind the wall.
sweet! Thats a good idea! I always thought i would need to put this in some kind of tunnel behind the wall - but of course there is no movement - and not likely to be insulation inside this inner wall... good idea - Thanx!
wtf könnt ihr euch keine normalen Häuser leisten so mit richtigen Wänden und so nem Zeug... der Amerikanische Traum... is ja fürn Arsch xD
not in my home cause difficult make a hole at wall
better hope your apartment builting doesnt have mice or roaches  lol just gave them a way in
turns tv sideward... "ooopss, wires got stuck forgot to give some clearance for tv movements"   nice idea though..
How do I do that for a concrete wall ?
dont see how this would work with fire blocks blocks that run diagnal?
do see how this would work with fire blocks blocks that run diagnal?
1: Drill hole in wall behind tv 2: Drill hole in wall behind TV stand 3: run cables through holes down the wall 4: thats it you are all done.
love it made it very easy and simple thanks for this video....!
thanks for posting
1- This solution is against electric code.  You should pull this video before someone's house burns down and someone dies.  Really, the odds of that are low, but if you are going to try and make a living with these videos, make sure they do not encourage viewers to break any US codes.  For $25, you can buy the correct plate cor behind the TV.  It has the hole for the "low voltage" and a UL 15 amp electric outlet.  Run a 14-2 Romex line to your nearest outlet (assuming it's 15 amp) and you are good to go.  If you don't know how?  Hire a licensed/bonded electrician. 2- The TV is mounted too high.  It's a TV, not a picture.  TV's should be mounted at eye level to your seated position.
Ya tv too small
you can cut through walls in the US?? what the actual frick?
LOL, the mice in your walls are going to love having a place to come in through.
What do i do if i have a real house?   like with concrete walls
the paper wall?? wtf
Isn't there ment to be bricks behind the wall .😮
Unless your house is made from BCA not from RIGIPS wtf dude if you punch a wall in your house everything will fall apart :)))
My family Rents, and our walls are solid cement. Shit
here's a helpful hint: use a old shop vacuum hose for a chase pathway for the wires. Especially if it's an outside wall with insulation.
Drywall. Not my kind of wall. :-/
How can I cover the hole back if I want to change the tv to a different wall
Flawless drywall work
This is a violation of NEC code 400.8. You should never put flexible power cordage in wall.
Oh. Its drywall
I have concrete walls... i can drill holes into them and put the cables in the next room haha
brick wall ?
not all houses are made of cardboard😂
what about eventual rat or anything that chew wires on the inner wall?
What if your wall outlet isn't directly under the tv what do you do?
Good luck doing this with concrete walls.
lol you drilled those screws in so fast ,hahah super snug
Only work if you have wood & cupboard type of walls. Won't work in Europe where most walls are made of stones or concrete.
Lol Just Paint Your Room And Make It Transparent
I had fun doing this in Hong Kong where literally all buildings are made of solid concrete.
nice! i almost paid $200 installation service for this same exact thing.
what a shitty tv
3:34.....That's not a square...it's a rectangle.  :-)
well in a REAL House, we dont have walls like that :O
I work for dish network and I'm sorry but that's wrong. It's not up to code and the power cord could get hot and start a fire in your walls we sell and use a power relocation kit it's basically the same as this kit but has an outlet on it. It's $99 but we do the install from the tv mount and the kit plus it's up to code you can also buy similar kits at lowes for $40.
Dude i live in the Netherlands we build houses with brick walls. Now what ?
fucking great guy👏👏👏👏
cool idea that's
Only $10 assuming you have all the correct tools.
The damn wires shouldn't bother you at all.
running a power cord through the wall like that is against electrical code. you should have added a plug behind the tv.
Hey I'm trying to reach 600 followers please check out my channel and subscribe 📱📲📱💻😓😓😩 it would mean alot  thanks ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
what can we do if we are in a concrete house???which mean the walls are made of cement and bricks...
I plan on doing this soon! :)
came out really good - well done - and you make it seem so easy
good one. unfortunately not for cement walls
i have a concrete wall goddamit
I don't even construct things but damn your videos are entertaining👍
what I don't get is what are all those wires. All you need is one HDMI...
Thanks for the top bro doing it right now
sloppy work and i hope you don't cause someone to burn their house down.
2. those bulk cable plate are meant to go vertically at plug height and by the arm of the full motion mount so you don't rip your cords out when you move your TV.
1.power cord in the wall is a fire hazard, against building codes everywhere and can void home insurance (It's the reason the cords are 3ft long and made you have to cut your holes in such a shitty place )
Where's the insulation? Lol
Nicely done
...only if you have cardboard house)
I hate using affiliate links to find out what a product is call .
TV is mounted way too high. Middle of TV should be just about at eye level while sitting.
if i decide to move my tv gonna have a random ass socket.
Just thought people should know this won't work if your walls have a horizontal firestop which they most likely will.  In which case you would have to cut a large square hole in the wall, fit your drill in the hole in the wall and drill a hole through the firestop,  patch up the wall, install the plate and feed your wires.
Why house walls are wood plywood? In my country its hollow blocks cement
do this only id your a home owner in the usa...
Thanks nice video
Next time, put a screw in the middle of the drywall piece you want to take out, and then pry it out with the screw... presto... no need to dig in with fumbling fingers!!
Great now I can't get my money back when my lease is over. Thank you
Holy cow, this is awesome! Thanks for the lesson!
I would suggest also running a string through the channel so you can pull another cable though when you need it.  But yeah, seems the tv was too small for the wall and mounted too high.
It is against USA National Electric Code to run a power cord through a wall like that: NEC Article 400. If it were to cause a fire it would most likely invalidate your fire insurance.
just awesome thank you
haha LOL american paper walls ! :-D      try this with a massive stonewall :-D
$10 in India means ₹700
Amazon has great stuff even tv. mounts..you can almost find what you need there. ....$$ (prime member)
I will keep this in mind. .thanks for sharing your idea...
how did u avoid hitting any crossed 2x4s
Running high voltage in the wall like that is not to code...dangerous
i have real concrete walls, dont have toy walls
great idea. however unfortunately over in the UK our houses are built solid.
Great tips!! Thx for sharing!
This only works if you life in a paper house.
Not legal, you need to run a new box and romex if you're going behind the wall. That wire could overheat and cause a fire as its not rated for high temperatures caused by surges. This whole way is a big no no, not up to code, dangerous and highly illegal.
that was Awesome
How to hang curved tv?
Rule #1 when doing that, you don't run electric cables behind the wall,   that is againt the law, at least in California.
What moron how I'm supposed to to do that I have a brick wall
welll good video but now mostly is digital so wires are not even beig in need anymore lol
really cool
yea, this video needs updated...I have HDMI outlets installed instead of square holes
Nice !!! 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Guess what... I've thick brick walls.
great tip!  I actually used a wire cover that uses velcro that I got from Home Depot for about $15 since I live in a rental and did not want to cut up the walls :)
nice done... but in México real brick houses not able to do that :-(
Looks good nice work Nils
this was my 7 years son project at his school.. damn! you stole his idea..
What if one has concrete walls
Congratulations!! You just made a home for Jerry(mouse)
I dont have paper wall...
brilliant. simple yet effective
Cool!  What's that yellow thing on the end of your drill that the bit goes into?
is your house made of cartboard? i have solid walls
Well, where did u get this crackass idea. U just spend your entire day, money and even worst now there is a hole on the damn wall. IDIOT!!!!!
my walls are brick lol no utility knife would be able to cut a hole on it lol
How do I do this in a real wall? :)
This would never work in Germany.  The walls are to Strong. Cuting a wall works online in usa where they have paper houses
remember, theres always a 12-16 inch gap between studs so its easy to do this with out the stud finder
I like how you completely skipped the hardest part.  Thanks.
i did all of this for free, just used my hand knocking on the wall instead of the machine to know where its empty. and no need for the plastic cube thing cuz its not gonna show anwz
Fucking Genius
ohh nevermind, it's in the video.
What's the name of those plastics and where can i get them?
Thanks
don't try this if youre rental
what if my TV is above the fireplace?  I need the outlet end of the cords go diagonally a few feet.  thanks!
Why do Americans always say "go ahead and..."?
CHECK OUT AND SUB TO MY CHANNEL DOING A GIVEAWAY SOON ALOHA GOD BLESS
kodi 🙄🙄🙄🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙏🙏🙏
you know the best way to cut that cable 😉
Great 👍👌📺
Great Job !
On Amazon, do the plates come as a set or individual?
wow  nice . if bake side hv no space.........??????
I would never mount my tv on a paper wall.
Awesome!
this is good for all chip American house wall
when i was doing this guide my mom : " WHATTT THEEE F**K !!! what are u doing !!!! it's a brick walll !!! HOLY u screws all the paints WHY DYOU DO THIS !! WHYYYYY !!  GET off your Ass and do something for your poor grade NOW!! "
Only in America will you have a house susceptible to fire, flood, tornadoes, earthquakes, and Donald Trump.
no wonder all the building get smashed during the tornado season
Thanks Nils, good stuff for newbs right there ;)
HDMI cables don't carry 120 volts smart guy. There is no code against running low voltage cables in the wall.
Hire a professional.
Dude why would you make a video about this when you obviously have no idea what you are doing. I've never commented on YouTube but I'm a level 3 Technician and this makes me cringe.
What a great idea
good idea. Too bad my house is made with bricks and cement.
Or u can use a nice piece of wire loom. Instead of putting holes in your walls.
Satisfying stuff to watch lol
It is a fire hazard to put power cable from TV in wall. You must not do that. If the house catches on fire, insurance will not cover if discovered caused  by this type of installation. The only reason I know is because a professional told me. Read the boxes of the kits you find at Best Buy. They say the same thing.
I hope anyone watching this checks with their local building codes before deciding to do something like this.  Where I'm from this isn't code compliant and I'm not sure how safe this actually is.
Just FYI... It's against code to have a power cable from the tv behind the drywall...Fire hazard... The right thing to do would be to move an outlet up the wall connecting power form the one below the tv. They make outlets with wire feeding holes also.
why is there no insulation in that wall??????
Fire hazard ? Keep a water source nearby or run out of the room when there's a fire.So simple!.He he ho ho.
Nice
well...in europa we make a real wall, no shit like that
"WOW!""U MADE IT LOOK SOO EASY!" LOL, THANKS 🤗🤗🤗🤗😆
Omg that is too easy!
Nice quick video.  But you didn't show how you pulled the cables down to the bottom outlet port.  Not to mention, how to determine the vertical cavity was open/clear from a fireblock stud.
Aren't u not supposed to run high voltage wires through any wall in your home? I thought its a fire hazard and would be a red flag for your home owners insurance.
Very good
you can earn free Bitcoin every hour with this link.
You should have also said, go ahead and connect all the audio/video cables you will need now and possibly in the future... so if there are 4 HDMI ports on the TV, run 4 HDMI cables even if you're only using 2.  This way if you add a device in the future, the cable is already there.
ILLEGAL
when you try to popout some dry wall you can poke a hole through the drop piece and put a pencil or something with string attached when your ready to pull it out (after cutting out the piece) pull the string.
not a bad idea  ...
Awesome video! I just ordered some of those plates from Amazon a couple minutes ago. Can't wait to get rid of all those wires in my living room!
Mvm added 🤙🏽👍🏽
That was not $10. If you have to buy everything you use
lo que no me da confianza es la pared de tablaroca
This works very well, great video thank you! By the way I find most of the complaints very funny... for those complains about having interior solid walls there are cable covers sold at hardware stores that you can paint to blend in with your wall
The fact that he had to put a notice 'this doesn't work on solid walls' proves people can be very stupid.
did he just cut his wall with a knife??? wtf kind of walls do you have and how does it even holds a tv ??
You can't possibly deal with a solid concrete, i got this wall mount and it's got the cable management system, no need to worry about the wires https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01EN1KSW6
so, i found everything except the wall. I need another DIY video to make such wall. lol ;-)
FIRE HAZARD!!! TV POWER CORD IS NOT IN-WALL RATED!!
In modern construction, studs are 16" on center.  So, it's fair to say, if you're tv is affixed to a stud...there isn't one 6" away.  Additionally, most cords aren't long enough to go through the wall and reach all of the components.  **Before cutting holes in your drywall....measure the lengths of your cords.  Informative video though.
The National Electric Code (NEC) states:  NEC ARTICLE 400 Flexible Cords and Cables General 400.1 Scope. This article covers general requirements, applications, and construction specifications for flexible cords and flexible cables. 400.8 Uses Not Permitted. Flexible cords and cables shall not be used for the following: (1) As a substitute for the fixed wiring of a structure (2) Where run through holes in walls, structural ceilings, suspended ceilings, dropped ceilings, or floors (3) Where run through doorways, windows, or similar openings (4) Where attached to building surfaces Exception: Flexible cord and cable shall be permitted to be attached to building surfaces in accordance with the provisions of 368.8. (5) Where concealed by walls, floors, or ceilings or located above suspended or dropped ceilings In other words, running power cords through the walls is not a substitute for permanent wiring. You're supposed to have a new electric socket installed directly behind the TV, where you can plug in the power cord and coil up the slack to tuck underneath. If you drilled some holes and ran cable yourself all willy nilly, in and back out to a power socket, chances are you are in violation of these codes. Should a fire result, your insurance may find reason to get out of covering your losses. Naturally, it is in your best interests to hire a professional to check out your setup and make sure everything is as it should be. That having been said, let's clarify the original poll and focus on how many of you might be on the wrong side of the NEC.
this video definitely help me hang my TV love this channel
HAHAHAHAH nice work if only my wall isn't cement 🤧🤧🤧 but thanks for the helpful tip though !!!
thats fantastic idea good job man
u the man bro. love guardians of the galaxy. good job
Excellent video. This helped me a lot.
Easy solution for this: SELL THE TV No seriously you will end up loosing weight, look better, feel awesome and make more money. Don't believe me? TRY IT
And how do you do that on german buildings that are well made and not this thick paper
How do you do it if you have a Dwang halfway down the wall?
So ...people come to see this video to learn something but end up with a cheap comment🤔 Wow how thoughtful and complete idiot 😂😂😂😂😂  Cool video👏🏼👍🏼
Lol I was surprised when you started to cut the wall with knife. Here in Poland almost every wall is made out of thick reinforced concrete.
But if i got solid wall ? huh
You know someone will mess it up and it will end up costing more than $10.00 😧
that's a great idea
Great.  But in UK we don't always have dry hollow walls.  I simply used a smart trunking cable.  As my TV was mounted above the radiator,  most of the truck was conceiled and manage to get a neat finish with only 1 foot of trucking showing.  Coloured that in magnolia (to match walls).  Job done!
I'm from the United Kingdom . And could you please let me know how to do this with concrete walls . As my tv is on a wall mount to a concrete wall and you can just cut holes with a nife in concrete lol
what about insulation in the walls?  you just snake it?
What the hell is the point to all this bullshit?  Why is the TV mounted so high on the wall?  A sound bar beneath it would be above the head of anybody sitting in front of it!  Simple solution to this....lower the TV so the sound bar will be head level to sitting view, then band all the cables together and sling them down one side of the TV/sound bar.  It mat look a little unattractive, but i'm sure the average viewer can cope with the visual catastrophe.  Anything is better than cutting into dry wall and fucking with power cables.
wall in u.s.a ? tray in wall in pl (brick) ? :)
what if i have cement concrete wall you melon!
whoa thnxs man im doing this this week 👍👍
Aldo its nice how you put a big text box stating how what you've done is illegal, (and that, hey, go see another video) but you simply couldn't be bothered to redo the video
If there's any cable in the wall that's not fire rated that's a code violation in most places. Just because plates/products exist, doesn't make it right. Do your research, don't follow this.
Only American houses are made out of paper. Europeans have brick walls with no inner covers
because every house has drywall/studs.. here in UK we mostly have plaster and brick cavity
what about the fire cross cat about 4' to 5' from the floor.
i live in the congo.  my house is built with mud and sticks. will this work?
Very good. Thanks
Waow that was easy, I will do this for sure Thankx for the Tutorial.
Dude forgot to mention the most important things ,, like studs ,, insulation,,, also that most power cords from tvs won't reach the outlet,,, also is better to add an outlet behind the tv ,, etc
Good stuff
Against a lot of building code to run power that way.  Low voltage is fine, but the power should have Fire rated wire to another outlet behind the tv.  Insurance claims can be messy....
20 min my ass
Awesome thank you !
Is it just the power wire that is against code to run behind wall?  HDMI/cable outlet is not against code to run behind wall?
that tv is too high.
wow!  i want this but i have plaster walls.
PROPER DIY that mate, Dry wall..jesus christ... Please get proper houses made out of brick not wood.
Or get a wireless hdmi
That tv is way to high of course those cables are visible
Whats the point of buying the $6 plate when you can just use a switch plate.
Wire hater.  Ugly cords have feelings to.  Join the movement, display those wires proudly'
fantastic job man.
i have concrete wals
a sheetrock saw saw is a lot easier to use then a box knife
Jesus what are your houses made from, MDF / plasterboard? No wonder a hurricane razes everything to the ground.
ive done this in several rooms at my crib...works perfect
illegal or against code to run  power cords in the wall. needs to be Romex with an outlet at the top and bottom
Thanks!
my house have concrete wall
Nice😍
Good how to vid. Jus did this earlier. I had some insulation in the way so I jus took some out to feed the wires...
Simple, clear videos with great tips. Thanks!
dope work u done
Really cool DIY! Check out my vlog channel everyone and send me some feedback!!
Good diy thanks
and if u want add a new cable 😂
Besides my funny thinking, great production, good video, I'm sure it will help a lot of people, also 1 question, there's a limit of weight you can put on that? I was afraid of hanging from a concrete wall a 70" 60kg ledtv, this type of wall could support it?
just tape some duck tape on top. of them cables there. Easy, fast, cheap. You are welcome
So that tv mount will droop over time. Not a good choice. Also tv power cables are not rated for in wall use. If you catch your house on fire because of this there will be not insurance reimbursement.
that is awesome I love it
When I cut a hole in the wall to add an outlet I put a long screw into the area being cut out.  It makes an easy "handle" to pull out the piece of drywall so it doesn't fall behind the wall.
Really simple to do.
strange ....! what kind of wall is that .. hollow.. we have brick wall here in India..
E chi ha dei muri "veri"?  Mavaff
I do that, my landlord will kill me for sure.
lucky you, ....have hollow walls....we in India live in brick nd mortar homes where we actually need a mason and an electrician to do something like this this. they're charge a bomb and damage your wall
Awesome video man!!
that's pretty cool
Love the page man. Thanks for the tips !
in the USA it can bit in the Netherlands we have quality build homes with concrete walls not that cheap way of building
Now i get why houses in US are that easily torn apart XD  Good vid tho :)
Looks like a bug gateway, they should make something sealed to keep critters away
Great job!
haha thanks for the video but the saw and drill makes this not a $10 job...
Thank You! So helpful!!
Hmmm how about cement wall?? 😭😭
I have a concrete wall ....
Adding a pull string helps in case you need to add another cable or two.
I wish it was that easy to fish in a wall in California. they got fire blocks in almost every wall. so you will need a flex bit. but that won't work with all those cables.
a very good job!!!
Not even remotely up to code. TV power cords aren't rated to be run inside walls, and you're risking a fire behind your wall by cutting that corner. It's bad enough when someone takes the risk and does this to their own home, but it's far worse when that person decides he's an expert and starts talking everyone else into doing the same thing (and convincing them that professionals are just con artists for requiring a more expensive solution). Usually jobs are expensive to do because the safe way to do them takes more time and skill, and in the end it's worth it. I'd much rather spend $100-150 on labor to have a concealed wire run done correctly than tens or hundreds of thousands to rebuild my partially or completely burned-down house. Please stop recommending this to people who don't know better. The rest of the cables are fine to go through the way you did, although it looks like you took a big chunk of backing off your drywall by using a box cutter instead of the appropriate tool to cut open the wall. Not a huge deal, but it does weaken the structural integrity of the drywall at least a small amount.
Yeah. Try this with wall from bricks...
what if it is a concrete wall?
Don't have a dry wall now what !!
Wish I would have watched this a month ago.  I just had a tv mounted with the cords in the wall, cost me $300 and he left a hole in the bottom part of the wall and suggested I put something in front of it to cover it up.  Then he didn't hook anything back up.
very nicely done.  quick, concise and very straightforward -- thanks Nils!
meet my wall http://stroykadoma.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/%D0%BA%D0%B8%D1%80%D0%BF%D0%B8%D1%87%D0%BD%D0%B0%D1%8F-%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B0-%D0%B4%D0%BE%D0%BC%D0%B0.jpg
NICE JOB!!!👍👍👍👍😁😁😁
Who the f has cardboard walls??
5:48 - 5:52  I like how you were able to edit the sound to seamlessly start the first screw and finish the last.
can you do this without a stud finder?
Shit, mine is concrete
thats why American houses fly with tornadoes 😂😂
awesome
Sorry for the comment, but what material this wall is made? Here in my country we just use solid walls.
you cannot do this anywere but in the states... elsewhere in the word houses have proper walls that you cannot just cut with a cutter xD
Easier and faster use a drill with a 2-3 inch hole saw and done. Fast clean simple.
This is only support gypsum board!!!
Concrete wall 😞😞😞  ... Great video though, very detailed .
The intro was cheezy and the television may have been tiny, but the instructions are solid and this is a good product for getting the wall-mount done right.
use duct tape
Took me 1 Hour. I dont have a dry wall. I have a cemented wall
before I even watch the best way is have the plug socket on the wall behind the TV...
I'm doing this this video was very helpful. I was about pay geek squad $450 to hang my TV and hide the wires
I'm doing that where did u get that TV mount
loooool  what for walls have you in usa
This is not legal in most areas because the power cord is not approved to run behind the wall so it is breaking code. It may save money, but it puts you at risk for something shorting and burning the house down. It also isn't much more work just to wire up another outlet by the tv mount off the existing one with approved wiring, if you have a little bit of electrical knowledge.
Holy crap, why did you place your tv up so high. Do you like to crane your neck back when you're sitting down to watch it?
wtf man??? what if the wall is made of rigid concrete block????😞
a Mause can get to u apartment with that hole in the wall
how does your tv mount hang on a hollow wall?
what about solid wall 😢
too bad i have concrete wall in my home..
good job
Why is the TV so freaking high up!
smart work
Ok well what about if you have horizontal fire blocks. What's the trick to drill through those behind the dry wall ?
What about bugs crawling through that hole 😱
bro u done really nice but we have croncrit wall in india so how can we manage ???
if in Indonesia no because semen
awesome  thanks for this 🖒
obviously that template is a hexagon not a square
What about the concrete walls?? Nah
Thank you 😊
great video
you should have used a flexible tube for ease of changing or updating wires
Do you have any idea to connect a 2 inch shower drain to a 4" drain with dread already cement in the concrete
Very nice and clean job😉
Yeah only problem is that we don't have houses made out wood and drywall in the Netherlands.
I don't wanna cut a hole in my wall just to hide my cables :/ thanks tho!
This was great and so quick and easy!!
haha that template is funny, and dummy proof :D, result is nice, but only for dry walls.
Wait, what about nogs? the bits that go across the wall regularly in most wood homes using drywall ?
or you can save 10$ by not being a jackass and ignoring them
what about instalation in the walls how would u get the wires through that???
which item is $10. the drill ? Or the cutter knife ? lol
tnx for amazing idea clean and looks good
Is that a church shirt?!   Because its holy ;)
When you have carton walls....
Excellent
good for you north america, we have real walls in Lithuania.
that is awesome thankyou for  the video
What if it's on an exterior wall? How difficult is it to feed cables though insulation?
Do you have suggestions for hiding cables with an all plaster wall?
this is painful to watch...
Thanks for the video. I had no idea. Not sure why 1k would dislike, but I appreciate the education.
Great Job 👍👍
I am not gonna be able to do this as the walls in house are made out of solid material and cement but it is a good video with a nice idea 👍 a definite subscribe
This is fucking stupid.
Quit giving the guy shit about a 5 ft run inside the wall thats very visible where the wires enter and exit. Its a quick diy for average jane/joe who wants to save 200 for an electrician. Everybody wants to comment to make it seem like they're an expert but really not worth a shit. Pipe down idiots
clean job . well done .
Next time put some screw in the pice that you cutting so that way you have a grip tu pull out
Thanks
It's against code to put live wire inside a drywall like you did.
Thank you
You rock. Thanks for showing this. I can do this.. pretty simple.
Comon - when you are building your homes - put some isolation inside the walls...
Thanks, looks simple enough.
nice video. never knew that installing wires could be so cheap and easy
only works with wooden walls.what abt bricks?
you should be proud of yourself. that's awesome :)
😎👍👍👍⭐️
👍
awesome thanks!
Круто когда стены картонные, мне в свою очередь нужно целый кирпич из стены достать.
non of the wires you used are UL listed for in wall use
power cords passing through the wall are not up to code, install receptacle behind TV.  then run data separate like shown in video!
What if the power outlet is not directly underneath - or not in an ideal situation
Put a screw into the chunks you intend to cut out BEFORE you cut... leave enough screw out to use as a handle.
I dont even have house how can i install this thing
3 clear Fails: 1. You didn't check for a fire block in the Wall. 2. You Didn't use a level when cutting the hole so your box will look crooked "forever" 3. You put the bottom hole too high up. it should be at 12" so hidden in the future.  PS put a drywall screw in the center before cutting so you can hold the drywall and not rip the paper inside wall.
wow cartoon walls. that's why it's cheap to buy a house in America. i get it now
why would put the tv so far up on the wall? Stupid!
Are you Mormon because I saw the SLC temple on the desk- or at least something that looked like it!
simple. nice work
Awesome!!!
Was. Awesome. Thanks for the info
congrats now you made 2 holes that can provide easy access to your pet spider or insects! thumps up
..what if u have a fire block between studs??
Good job man!👍
That's one rubbish tv.
Nice video .. shame my tv is on a solid brick wall.
yep.. in USA...we're all house is made from "plastic fantastic"...  😎
what about concrete wall???
En ciertos lugares las contrucciones son de yeso y madera, en muchos otros las paredes son de ladrillo, concreto y yeso. Imposible hacer eso.
Acá en Perú las paredes son de cemento con ladrillo habrá que picar hacer hueco todo una odisea
now how do you swivel your tv ?
How you can hide the wires in a concrete wall.  Thanks
Now go buy a real TV
get some artificial flowers and plants and stick them with glue on wall where the cables are, it'll work both ways, decoration and wire hiding too :)
thanks for this video! I subbed!!
First whoever installed that tv they put it to high it looks ridiculous and all that mess is ugly !fixed it and then hide that !
Excellent
The only problem with this is some like myself have horizontal studs that interfere with cords coming through to the receiving end
Hmm, i got excited until i saw it was only possible because you have a house made out of cardboard
Try doing that with a concrete steel rebar reinforced wall.
Thats way more then $10 buddy
I'm so doing this! So easy.
what about like spiders and all the creepy Crawley's that might come in, I to want to mount my 50' but had a recent hole put in the drywall and one night a massive albino looking spider crawled across my floor. so not sure if pesticides are used for something like this maybe a coating or shield of some sort ? thx in advance
Super sweet. Exactly what I needed
Good information, it would be better if he would show how he feeds the cables to the lower box
if it cost you 10$ this investment, the construction of the house how much you cost? watch the TV weight you do not fall wall !! #lol
Nice you made it look easy
Pretty sure you have two by four wood so you probably only were able to screw  in one screw. Other than that the plate should stay on with one screw.
WTF? Where does he live? In the US is required that drywalls have horizontal beams, for better support. I have built rooms before.
Hi my name is Troy Mclure u might remember me from dig ur own grave and save..
I thought it was for low voltage applications. Thought I saw a power cord going through the wall as well.
Nicely done, good job!
Hope Marvel doesn't make you change the end of your video 😂 Great video tho unfortunately I have my tv mounted on a brick wall so I'll have to use a cable cover. Great work bro 👍🏼
DON'T DO THIS IN CALIF IT'S AGAINST CODE!!!!
Easy as 1 2 3. Thanks!
that's some weak wall you got there
great job!!
Any Mexican's out there can install this... I'll pay.
realy shit wall
how do I hide soundbar wires ?
what if u have plaster walls?
I s it mandatory that I watch Guardians of the Galaxy after the job is done? That's a step I wouldn't remind repeating several times.
not it took me about an hour to get done the job. but i did it and i have to say that is a great idea and looks very good..
Looks great.. this will be a big help!
the code part is absolutely true but its your house u wanna take a risk of a chaffed non rated cable burning ur house down then have fun most people say that is what a circuit breaker is for but I've seen electrical fires in the right conditions that didn't trip breaker
Useless outside america!
don't forget to check for fireblocks, also if you tape the end of the cables together on something like a straight coat hanger if you don't have a fiberglass fish rod
good video..and nice tip!
what about a 3-feet stones wall inside a lot of  house in italy? We need to make a "track" in the wall, put the flexible plastic tube, fill with concrete, put the row plaster, the light plaster, and repaint the wall. easy, with only 1 day of cheap laborers
just use zip ties and put up with it...
Not up to code!!!
this doesn't work for concrete walls
What if theres like roaches and stuff and when u make the holes the roaches or any type of bugs can get inside
what about a concrete wall with no false wall like yours in the video
Nice but how you pulled the wire ?!!!!!!!
nice video
They call them "low voltage" for a reason, you're not supposed to run any sort of power cable through them, this includes the power cable for your TV. Doing so is against NEC codes, and could void your home owners insurance. You need to install a permanent power box behind the TV to meet code.
Right now i wish I lived in the us cuz my walls are made out of solid concrete 😂
how about the conceal wire not in a straight line. my tv is on the fireplace and media center is on the right side of the fireplace
u should do a vid when u have to deal with insulation in the wall with vapor barrier
i live in bagladesh my walls are made of cardboard,will this work as well??
how about if the wall is concrete???
Thanks for a great video!
HDMI???!!!! :(
Great video bro
That was more than 10 dollars buddy🖕🏾
Not in wall certified cables so you breaking code...
This is a terrible idea! it is against fire code to put the power cord in the wall. if your house burns down insurance will not pay you because of this.
wow thank you I learned a lot. what the name of  machine scan power on wall?
good job!
Rip for concrete wall owners
OH EM GEE!!!! YAAAASSSS!!!! I can FINALLY rid my place from those unsightly "wall wires"! FAST, EASY and I can do it MYSELF!!! Thanks!!!
how to burn your house down diy.......
Great stuff...
It's half 1 in the morning why am I watching this
great job .. thanks
you should probably mention some of the possible issues you may run into. horizontal stud, insulation, other electrical wires... etc. i noticed that you had very little cable left after you ran though the wall, plugging them in will be a nightmare. Also, you are supposed to use wires that are rated for in wall use. otherwise, yeah this is the basic idea.
Doesn't work on real walls in real houses. This solution is just for those american drywall huts ;) Looks very neat though !
How to make when the wall is made up of brick and cement ?
that's a normal wall ,how abt cement wall ??
u should  paint the wall with green to look your tv good
Ma grazie al cazzo avete le pareti di pastafrolla
Well explained. Nice small miniature building you have next to your speaker ;-)
just use PVC pipes with neon light strips behind the tubing. Then take a double barrel shotgun and shoo the top and bottom of the tubing for good measure. No I really don't know why. Just do it, it'll be fun.
My tv is above my fireplace so it makes this like a lot harder.
EXCEPT WHEN YOU LIVE IN A CINDER BLOCK 8X16 BRICK  HOUSE
In many jurisdictions, it is prohibited to put the AC power cord in the wall.  You would need a properly installed outlet behind the TV.   The other lines are fine.
This ain't no $10 budget, once you buy everything it adds up more than 10 bucks.
Nice Apple AirPort Extreme! I love mine!
very nice dude thank you for you help. not listening other comment the other people they are suck.
What if we have a concrete wall? How we gonna cut that?
Well, too bad I have plaster walls.
How to do where wall is made up of concrete stones
dude, how can I do this when my wall is 20 fucking centimeters, cause that's how buildings should be.
Funny solutions.. maybe stupid . better remove this video idiots
What if your renting a place and can't do that to where you rent. 🙄
why it was dark at the back of the wall
If you are building a house, or doing a renovation, you can also connect these with a pipe so that it is easier to put the wires through without losing them if you ever need to change something. What I have done is cut holes in electrical boxes and connected a pipe to conceal my wires and it works quite well.
Even better, they make this same kit, except they have in wall electrical wires attached. Run the bottom end into an outlet that already exists. The top end is a new outlet and that is what you plug the tv into. Problem solved. Up to code and everything!
what if you have insulation or cross studs?
wow who knew you could have so many haters from making a simple video
his house is made of cardboard😃
his house is made of cardboard😃
Can't do that where I live, nobody builds walls out of dry wall, just brick.
Without a conduit, this isn't a very good solution.
oh no, but my wall is made by concrete :(
help my tv is above a radiator :((((
how do you do this if you wall is full of insulation?
and a bunch of spiders and bugs coming from the walls through those wholes ....
sup nils
what if i have a real wall, not crappy drywall?
Nice!!!
What movie was that at the end of the video?
How do you hide white privilege?
you illegally put the power cable in the wall. this is a no no according to the National Electric Code
this guy is a liability.. you aren't supposed to run high and low voltage cables together and putting a power wire thru the wall like he did is highly illegal and dangerous. for the power you should use a power bridge or have an electrical outlet installed behind the tv
Hahahaha aus was machen die denn ihre Wände Pappe? 😂 wenn ich in meine Wände schneide, komme ich keinen Millimeter tief.. Stein, Beton, sowas halt..
this dont help me with my brick wall
I have concrete walls so what i must do now.
Plaster, or drywall saw is much more practical to make your cut, you might make more mess, but you won't tear the paper backing off the back of the plaster(which makes your fixings weaker). And use a plaster bracket for extra strength
I live in the EU... What can I do?
this wont work on bricks wall
Power cord behind the wall? Good luck with that.
wtf paper wall?
ha this solution is so easy but only in murica paper houses... my 65" hanging in Germany on a full stone Wall. now that's not so easy to hide that shit! :-D
What code are you talking about? We build walls from ROCK where I live, you can't do anything remotely close like that.
what if walls are of concrete of at least 8 inches. Is there a way to hide the wires ?
wow that is great 👍
Nils, this would be a much better video if you were a woman.
One of the best things about the Netherlands is that there are so many Danish folks there.
Nils, you can't really hide *everything*.  If you hid the TV you couldn't watch it and that would essentially make it a glorified radio.  I mean I suppose you could do that if you really wanted a radio but that would be one seriously expensive-ass radio.  Better to just buy a radio and leave the TV for folks who don't want to hide everything.
Make a Indian version of this, where houses are made up of Bricks and Cement
Can't run power in the wall you noob!!!
$10?! Are the tools free???
what if we have a wall built with bricks&concrete , then what ?
What kind of witch craft is this? LOL Great video! I'm so scared of cutting holes in my walls but at least I now know that it's a fairly process.
Is there no horizontal beams to give the walls more structural integrity? I personally live in an old Victorian home with solid walls but my dad lives in a newer more modern home with false hollow walls like this, but it still requires drilling some sort of hole through an existing horizontal beam to drop cables through.
do this in india
What do you do if you run into a fire block?
awesome Sir... loved it.. but am from India .. can you tell me what all the tools we need to buy in my place
I love how your houses are pretty much made of cheese. YOu just take a knife and cut out art of the wall. Dafaq :D
This guy is  definitely not a handyman!  Not all walls have just the vertical studs! Most have  spacers about 16-20" long and 2-3  spacers  on a typical studs.
Nils what equipment and software do you use to make your videos? thanks!
Wtf?  My apartments will charge me for making a huge hole in the wall.  Hell naw.
for all you foreigners who think we have only "plastic" or fake walls. you realize that wall is infront of a brick(generally) wall right? so not only do we have one wall but an extra wall. just so you know.
stupid houses made out from wood!!
nice vid.... but...i got concrete walls...
You have a hole in the back of your shirt my good sir
next video...how to diy repair the big ass holes in the wall when you move.  it would be good to mention the cost of that along with this video
Aye, guardians of the galaxy. I love that movie!
got brick walls
Tv is as big as my phone
your wall made out of boxes? mine made from bricks! no way to cut like that.
neat trick yet too bad I live in a brick house
pretty good. no side studs or installation..
Gets 1.3 million views... asks for a dollar.
FYI its called a router not a drywall saw (aka jab saw) thats a different tool
i like the presentation. how can you achieve that through a dry or concrete wall?
Lol cool .
how to hide in brick wall?
Nice 👌 except that it does not work on a brick wall 😕
hahaha these walls, here in switzerland you could never do this, the wall is build too strong.
Those are cables, not wires.
try to do this in india..
what a great video thanks
It would be a fire hazard to run the power cord behind the wall and against electrical code. You can purchase a powerbridge which is similar but uses Romex cables for the power extention and is graded for in wall use
running power behind wall may void insurance if fire occurs
Dislike.  Ever heard of Romex wire?
Hey, awesome video. I live in Puerto Rico and all my walls are made of cement. Are there any options you know of that can help hide my cables in a similar setup? 👍🏿
hide the wires for $10!! only if you have $600 in tools to make it happen. :/
What about if your wall is made out of brick.
Great work mate. only 1 thing i noticed. you need to put an opend knife down when you are not using it. safety first.
Genius,  What do we do if we have brick walls?
Could this method work on a new build uk house to go through the floors?  I am thinking in terms of network cable drilling the hole then feeding an Ethernet down to ground floor.
I don't get the hollow walls, how's that any good?
not possible for concrete walls
dont mount a tv on wall wall. it's gross.
Wow! This was a great video! I'll be sure to use this technique when I buy a house. Thanks for sharing!
Great video! Congrats on over 1 million views. Check out my channel if you like gaming
That looked just too easy.....I will be giving it try... Thanks for the video
Great for insects and pests to hide inside the dry wall.
that's nice but I can't do that in my house cause we don't have paper walls in Germany xD
nice spot for the mice to get in! dont do it!
37.806862,-122.421082
Awesome 👍
thnx alot it helps
Bravo! That was executed very cleanly! Hmmm, thanks for the tutorial.
I would just add a point that this works great on interior walls but a exterior wall will be more difficult and probably require fish sticks
Good videos thou, thumbs up!! 😎
Why don't u use a drywall knife, it cuts into drywall perfect. It's like a little saw.
hollow wall in what country
Easy to follow Nils, keep up the good work
Illegal installation..!!!
Hi Nils do you remember the model of the bracket, looks like a good one i liked it and what about price do you know ?
What about my room made of brick???
But the only problem is...my wall is made out of brick and cement
why the fuck i need 10 bucks...i just need two holes
great vid! only thing missing is how you fed the wires through.
Are walls supposed to be hollow like that? Cause I've never seen a wall like dat
I just called an electrician, he moved the receptacle up in behind the TV,  I have no lower cabinet underneath to hide the wires. It cost $60 money well spent!
we dont fuckin have plastic walls.....!!!! we dont get blown away with any hurricane....
I know a much cheaper way, not mount the TV that high in the first place! Why is everyone hanging the LCD big ass TV as high as possible? To get neck pains? Or just showing the just brand new bought 52 inch flatscreen TV?
I've never seen anything quite like those wall mounts.  Absolutely perfect.
Doesn't work for me.  I have fire stops four feet from the floor.   Might want to check for fire stops before any holes are cut.
What's another term for the receptacle ? I can't seem to find them anywhere ! Thanks for the video
Wow
Brilliant!! thankful  for the idea
6:10 what the Movie is on the tv?
what about if the wall is of solid concrete.
An idea that will save you lots of time if you ever have patch these holes again is to keep the small piece of drywall you removed : you can ol ways tape it behind the tv here for example with paint tape. Once you need to patch the holes  you just screw a splint each side of the wall and screw the part on the splint,  a bit of patching foam , paint and done!
I have a trick so that you don't see the cables.  Place it on a fucking table.
Hahaha!!  good thing you live in a cardboard home! try doing that in a brick house.
He made this wall if look at his other videos.
Informative video! Nice watch. What is it?
Bah, does not work in Russia, where most houses are built from meter thick metal reinforced concrete.
The thing is that my house is totally cement!
Use a key hole saw to cut an opening in dry wall.  Much easier.
Humans judge too much. Not a single person is better than you. And by you, I mean all these people bragging
Doesn't apply in Europe (or at least in my neighbourhood) since almost 99% of the households have concrete or brick walls. Not to mention HiVolt cables.
what kind of wall is that,,no bricks??hollow wall??how does the this very thin wall sustain the al kind of load and forces
Cool for drywalls but in many many countries, mine include, walls are made of brick. So this would mean cutting a deep ridge into the wall, placing a large enough conduit inside the ridge, cementing it in, refinishing/repainting the wall and finally passing the cables through the conduit.
My husband needs to watch this video and learn a thing or two lol. thanks for making this video!
Gówniane ściany z KG
fuck yuo
I have a wall from bricks
Cool! so easy too.
You should place the box as close to the mounting bracket as possible and run the cables along the actual bracket arm. This way you won't pull the wires when you swivel the TV away from the wall to gain access to the back, to say, add a connection later, or even replace the TV if needed. How do you not know this?
what kind of wall is it?
I have a brick wall so this ain't working for me XD
No fucking good for brick walls.
I can't do this..since my wall is made out of concrete..
run them inside the wall for free
Lol thats just impossible for us. In uae we dont have cheap cardboard walls. We have walls made of 6 inch bricks. Try cutting thru that with a utility blade
It's against the national electric code (nec) to run power cords in walls
Seems like a lot of work. Why not just paint them with clear spray paint?
wow that looks great!
how does it work with a real house? made of stone? 😂
How can you go around a fireplace?? We don't ever use it
missing a few things..your conduit..you should've bought 1/2 smurf aka ent (electric nonmetallic tubing) n placed your ac lines in one and your dc lines in the other so the electrical current running through your ac lines won't cause a possible interference with your dc lines..obviously get 4 pvc connectors along with locknuts to secure in place..don't forget pvc glue to properly ensure your connectors are firmly attached to your conduit..if you don't want to use smurf there is also carflex but that ent is a little more tidious to work with
How about concrete walls
Even though I've core filled block walls, this is still a good instructional video.
wow and you guys wonder why your houses get destroyed by the tiniest tornado. you just cut through your wall with a knife ffs!
Would take me two hours and the whole wall would collapse......
great vid
Well in South Africa our walls are made of brick - but thanks for the idea
thank you...
we have brick walls. please upload another video demonstrating how to cut holes in the walls made out of cement and bricks.
being the owner of a home theater installation company, I was pretty excited to see a solution for $10 .... because power Bridges cost around 35 or more.... so I began watching... and was horrified to see that the tv power was ran through the wall.  against code and super dangerous.  a nail could easily puncture and  cause a fire..... 1 million people have watched this irresponsible method, i highly encourage taking down and repost installing a receptacle behind the tv with ROMEX, or purchase a power bridge and install.... ☠
awesome
Of course you could always just put your tv on a nice stand. I never liked a wall mounted tv anyway.  It seems to me that you are always looking up instead of straight ahead . Just one mans opinion.
cool but makes easy access to the inner house by mice in the walls
this video should be removed. typing a disclaimer that no one will read doesn't change the fact that he broke code doing this "install" especially since it no longer cost "$10"
ever heard of a drywall saw
ILLEGAL And dangerous to feed the appliance cord inside walls… These cords are not CL3 rated and should not be passed inside of wall as this will create a fire hazard. Additionally, any other communication wires such as HDMI or cat wires should also be rated as CL3 if you don't wish to create a fire hazard and if you wish to abide by the laws that are set up for your protection.  This is a classic example of someone with more confidence than competence… And these are the type of people who will get you killed
Do these work on log walls?
very informative.   thank you.  this will help me
yah sure for those thin walls but in our country this is not allowed all the walls are concreet
i run the cables on the walls n my tv inside the wall.
Cool
...until you hit a horizontal stud noggin.
why put the TV Sky high like that? u gonna have neckakes.
This works fine for an interior wall but doing this on an exterior wall with insulation would be a mess.
I have a cement wall...
what kind of walls!!!!!
Nils, I hope you don't advocate running the TV power cord in the wall,  as in many/most states that is a code violation and dangerous. TV power cords, unless powered by DC, and under certain voltages, are not rated for in-wall use.
that kind of electric wire is not supposed to be installed in a wall. I would ask an electrician if I were you !
I give it couple more years our technology will be wireless Smart TV.
Fantastic
Great..but what if you have plaster walls?...I live in an older house.
Cutting a hole in your wall is worth more than $10. Some of us live in apartments
great video. I think I'm gonna do this.
Fun!
why is your tv 7 feet off the ground?
try this in the netherlands :P
what kind of wall os it to be cut open with a blade? definitely not a brick wall!
Nice
What if you have insulation in your wall
This only work if your house is made of cardboard
In Singapore, every wall and ceiling is made from concrete and/or ceramic with metal "pipes" reinforced (inside). I thought this video is helpful but meh :3😂
TV is too high. Wall has no insulation. Doesn't meet code. Insurance will reject claims.  I think I covered everything.
OGM that is a wall....
If you want a hole in your wall.....
Why is his tv so high on the wall
DO NOT do this. Running your TV Power wire behind the wall is not code. Do not give the insurance company any reason to deny your claim in the event of a fire.
Link is that you ?!! Just achieved to make a hole in the wall with a blade ?!!!! Is it a kind of house made with paper ? is it a cartoon ? looool
awesome ..
no youdont get what i mean. not the vertical posts the horizontal ones
There's an easier way to do this. Behind the tv, hit the wall very hard with your hammer, this will create a nice round hole. Then do the same behind your DVD player. Run the wires through the wall and no one will ever see the perfect round holes you made.
Nice too bad that not everywhere in the world they have drywall. Cinderblock much. Jajajaja w
No mames que pedo con tu casa ñero ya te quiero ver en la tepalcates perforando un ladrillo con tu cúter con razón los tornados se llevan sus chantes
I think not every place have a kind of wall like this, I mean the wall material here is made from gypsum or been layered by some board so it is easy to instal anything. Here in my country almost all houses is directly a concrete walls where you had to broke the hard cement if you wanna do some creativity.
Sweet. So simple.
dude u all American people house build those house using fibre plaster wall..... we asian build house using stone... how to dig hole to plug in the cable in the wall.... this is madness.... hahahaha
what about if you hit a cross beam. what do you do then.
1. Use a key hole saw 2. Power wires should never be in the wall they are not raided for that 3 power cable should run separate from communication lines.  4 tv should be eye level from where u sit.  Not 6 ft from the floor
Muy bueno amigo gracias por la idea
This is all done the wrong way
Nils, Great Video. A suggestion I would add would be while you a running the wires through the bottom plate also run a string down from the top plate so any future wires can be easily feed between the plates. Just remember for each new wire run, run a new string.
LOL Why is that little TV so high?
That was beautiful. Thank you
Always use hand tools when screwing plates.
10 $ ?? not counting the 250$ on equipment you will need to make this happen.
but ur screwed when u want to pull out the tv
Doesn't work the easily if you have insulation
Thanks
atleast tell people to check for a fire block
he he what is the solution for me?? as my wall is made of concrete??
We have concrete walls all around. Now I understand why Americans fear tornados.
What about fire stops?
How can I do this without my landlord killing me?
Was it a pain to feed the cables through the wall?
I really liked how simple you made it! Looks real nice! Thanks for the video.
What's with the microscopic TV in that living area..? I'd need binoculars or something to even see it! That's like the size of most people's computer monitors today! (maybe exaggerating a little ahaha)
good video!!! just make sure it's not a exterior you will run in to insulation it's a headache... but u need to use a wire hanger(fish tape) and fish the wires from the bottom and pull the up
3 min gone still we are talking.
Great video....thanks
You destroyed the wall man get a new wall now
Awesome  !!! I just made two small holes in my wall, I didn't know this product existed, I'm running out and getting them :) Thanks  !!!
HOW THE FUCK ARE YOU NILS RASMUSSON AND NOT SPEAKING WITH A DANISH ACCENT???????
thank you very much for your  help and video know I can't hide my cables  thanks again
solution for a brick wall please
My TV is mounted on an exterior wall. I'm concerned about insulation getting in the way of feeding the wires down. What do you recommend? Coat hanger or snake of some sort?
Placing power lines near coaxial can cause EMI on your video.
He is the best tech man in the business.
Thank you. You make the way I'm fixing my living room a while lot easier. Love it!!!
I was actually looking forward to seeing you run the wires.
Hi what about solid walls ?
What material is the wall made of?
yes there's codes but seriously there's nothing wrong with a cord in the wall unless it is damaged or has hoes but you shouldn't have a cord like that anyway in or out the wall
a home depot want to be sponsored guy
Nice video bro
I always wondered!!! Thank you I will be doing this 😁👏🏻
and now u cant move the tv around caus the wires ar to short
Cable Canal: 2 Dollars material and max. 5 minutes work.
hello sir. nice neat job , but there might be something that you may have overlooked. You installed a swivel type TV bracket, I don't think you have enough length on the cables to use the swivel feature to its full potential.  If this is the case, you might need to purchase longer cables. Anyway nice job 😊
Thanks!!!
whats the point of the flappers on the wall if no body is gona see them?
Why not just get nicer wires that you are proud to display?
Fail. You need Plaster walls. Doesn't work with concrete. Perhaps you should specify that on your video. I was thinking, OO. Must be some sort of cool new invention. not lets stick a hole in the wall and a plate.
Easy way, but not for everybody! There is no isolation back of your wall !! Try the same thing with 5cm of foam ;)
my walls are brick and mortar
that's alot more than 10 bucks bud
You cut a hole in the wall what if you want to move house
👍
good idea
go ahead
Thanks for sharing the video. The tips came in handy for my DIY projects.
make sure you keep piece of drywall you cut out so you can mud it back in ,if you rent
what about the horizontal fire block?
this violates building codes as your power cord is not approved to go into the wall.  what you should do for a clean approach is add a power outlet behind the TV as well as these low-power flaps.  I see some outlets at the bottom there that would be real easy to run some romex to the top.  That's what I did for my TV in my living room.  I'm no expert, but I also don't want my house going up in flames because a mouse thought my TV power cable insulation would make a nice snack one day.
Running the power cable through the wall more than likely violates electrical code in your state/city. Thing with that is insurance policies do not pay out on claims where electrical codes are violated. High voltage wires are required to be sheathed in romex if they are behind a wall. They make kits for $30-$40 that are essentially extension cords in romex that go into the wall by the original outlet and terminate in a new outlet behind the tv. Lowes and Home Depot both sell these kits. Do yourself a favor and wire it the right way. We all know insurance companies will deny a claim if they can find a reason, don't give them a reason.
Im not an expert but i thought your not suppossed to put regular power cables behind the wall. Code issues or something lie that. Thats why they sell a kit for that . sure thats cheaper and quicker but is it safe?
And now I know why American houses last only a few years. Look at these walls!
cut them
When you do this, is it under the assumption that you already have these tools? because the tools alone cost at least $300. So how the fuck did it become "..for $10" I'm lost.
Why put your TV high up on the wall like that anyway? The ideal hight is head hight when you are sitting looking at it.  ie: on a low table.
Great DIY, I will definitely be using this in the future.
how to fix dry wall after you made the hole? this is for people who live in rental apartment. please show us if you can.
this has been an annoyance of mine for too long. thank you for the motivation to fix the issue.
Nice video.  Instructive, neat, and clean.  Much obliged.
Excellent
"It's too permanent for me, ya know? I rent." - Chris Jefferies
your American wall are so cheep are flimsy
How do you know if your wall is strong enough to hold your TV?
Putting power cables in the wall voids homeowners insurance. Hope nothing ever happens. What about the folks who have that pesky stud at 48 inches?
This only works for people with cheap ass walls...
Thanks. For the whiners just put an outlet behind TV as well.  Done and simple.
your only suppose to use in wall rated wires, and the power cord for the tv SHOULD NOT GO INTO THIS IT IS 120V NOT LOW VOLTAGE, secondly if there is a power wire below he should have installed an outlet behind the tv....
I'll run my power cables in the wall pocket as much as I want, thank you very much :0) There is a closet under the stairs at my house, and it's behind my wall mount TV. I cut the opening for all cabling behind the TV, and built in a cabinet next to it inside the closet. Open the closet door and I have access to the back of TV and all components. BOOM.
Nicely done
WTF???? in EU we build walls with bricks so the hurricane won`t blow it!!!!!
Building codes < swag
what are best brackets to hold 49 inch lcd tv to plaster board walls
I don't like to be a downer, but you have a disclaimer that running an AC cord through the wall may be against local fire regs and then you proceed to do exactly thought. I would suggest 2 other possibilities: 1- you can use a non-direct wired outlet such as Datacomm 50-3323-WH-KIT Flat Panel TV Cable Organizer Kit with Power Solution - White,  to provide the power. It will need to plug into a live outlet 2- Or hardwire it with an outlet like this - Arlington TVBU505K-1 TV Box Recessed Outlet Wall Plate Kit with Receptacle and Brush-Style Entry Device, 2-Gang, White,   I went with the 2nd as I preferred not having the extra cord at the floor. And I felt #1 was really no different than what you did.
and what if there is insulation behind the wall? sure that will get in the way of the wires coming down freely.
What about cemented?!
Nice job
How did you wall mount your tv with that type of wall??  the screw will not hold the TV??
You should be using in-wall rated wires...otherwise clean install.
My Wall isnt made out of carboard
Always knew about this. Just never know what to do when I sell my place. How to patch it up easy.
Why do you have a tiny TV?
Great tutorial
Yeah thats more than 10$ buddy
Thanks for sharing.. 👍
only in america, the rest all stone
thanks I always wanted to know how to hide the electric  cords.
Isn't the TV mounted on a stud?
I was lucky somebody talked me into not trying this crazy idea...please don't try this if you have marble/granite tiles for walls...they would simply crack.. May be it will work for toy homes and cardboard castles which are found mostly in US but not real homes.
Great job
that woudn't work in a concrete wall
good job...
what kind f wall s that????
great
No fire wall???
Now your tv won't swivel.out also hmmmm
You were lucky that there were no horizontal studs between the vertical ones. Happenned to me and was a real pain. Ended up openning the wall over and under the vertical stud and drill thru it, then had to patch everything again.
Max sent me.
So you need those $10 plates & $300 worth of equipment. Right
Good idea snuffed out by haters, and idiots.
Thanks. I'm headed to Home Depot. I've got wires on the wall. Going t fix that 😎
very handsome
Not exactly code to have wires exposed in the wall cavity
Why spend 10 dollars? You don't need the plates. Just leave the holes. You can't see them when both are behind equipment.
you do know that running that power cable behind the wall is against code and illegal? if a fire is ever caused by that, it will not be covered by insurance due to negligence? I do this for work and you will be in deep shit for doing that. the problem is the jacket is not made to protect cables in wall spaces due to the fact that they can lose integrity over the years and fall apart
How about if the wall has insulation? Thanks,
Just subbed great diy videos, thanks.
Love this! Thanks for sharing!
dumb video. it says no painting because the room isn't painted. it's just drywalled. if your room is painted, you'll probably need to do some touch up, especially if you can't cut drywall like this guy.
AWESOME! I jerry-rigged with a "straw beachmat" to make a textured wall. This is professional!
A stud finder didn't make my life easier
I certainly wouldn't use those cut out wall plates, they are an open door for mice and insects to come inside from the wall cavity!! And yes they do crawl around in there!!
i'm pretty sure it's not good to put the power cable through that. i heard it's not up to code if you do that and can be a little dangerous. you have to buy the same thing you bought with a power cable adapter or something.
thank you!!!
Kinda useful, unless you have brick walls like i do.
looks like u spent 10 dollars on the tv
isn't that tv too high? - - isn't it supposed to be eye level to the center of the screen?
The wall seems kinda weak!! Just saying, because you cut it with a lot of ease!!!
lucky no firewall in between
holy shit. walls in america is just foam? no wonder why tornados swoop them up as popcorn in a vacuum
Awesome
running the wires first would have been smarter
95 % of my walls are solid.
come to UK then do it. we don't build cheap homes
Great video, Nils. I appreciate the production value, keep up the good work!
My walls are made of bricks?! it's like you live in a box, so confused
Guardians!!!!
Today I learned:  That a lot of people from other places that, presumably, know fuck-all about building have unfounded issues with drywall and/or stud-wall assemblies.
More like a electrical hack
Great video. I always wondered how they did that now I know. Thanks
This is way too much trouble for most people they are too lazy.
Damn, I tried, but I live in a concrete home, I won't be able to hide all my cables... While I am sitting here not being afraid of tornadoes, hurricanes or some strong farts...
Great idea !!!!  I will do it for sure. Thanks a lot.
Very helpful , thank you so much for sharing
1. That TV is mounted way too high for comfortable, ergonomic viewing. It should be at eye level when seated. 2. Lucky your drywall framing has no noggings (horizontal members).
Stud finder $20+, drywall cutter $7, drill $50+, receptacle boxes $10, roughly $~90. I don't have any of these tools so that's probably how much it would cost me to do this minus the labor.
Great job.
*uses a box cutter to cut dry wall* *uses a big ass drill for two small screws*
Come to Europe and do the same. Our walls aren't made out of cardboard :)
WoW，，nice good
Holes through a wall = cockroach and other stuff coming out to the heat source
LOL! Americans and their drywalls... Not even any kind of isolation in the walls. American houses really are substandard. Try doing this in a house in Sweden... :P
good job buddy
You sir, are very sexy
Running power cord from TV in wall....... not code.
new subbie. loved the video😊
I have installed over 1000 TVs in the past 11 years and I think Nils did a decent job for not doing it before. Many of the comments on this video are not thought out very well.  Yes. This was filmed in the US. Most homes have walls covered in drywall, even if the home is made out of brick.  If your walls are not hollow then this, and most videos about hiding wires, is not for you.  Get over it and move on.  To everyone that bashed him for running the power cord through the wall - Thanks for pointing that out. It's very important, but most home owners don't know anything about the NEC, so I wouldn't be too hard on him.  Yes the TV is way too high. Especially for such a small TV.  Don't mount your TV the same height you would hang a picture.  I always recommend having the bottom of the TV at 40 inches from the floor, even thought technically that may still be too high.  Last of all. Wall plates are the way to go. There are very few special instances when I don't use them.
Looks Good. However I have plastered walls can I use the same concept?
This will not work in german houses :D
In Germany we have real walls :D At the next storm his house will fly away ^^
$10 my Ass! U gotta keep in mind you need longer cables to reach your components. At least 15ft with a swivel tv bracket or 10ft cables on flat brackets. Always run your cables first before mounting the wall plates. Never run power cords inside the walls. Anything happens your rental/home insurance will not cover! This guy make it seem so easy. Not every wall are the same. Some walls have any  firewall which make this DIY more complicated.
No shit, what a technology, two holes in the wall! Also, what if you have real walls, you know like in a real house?
nice
I have a concrete wall :( good job
And afterwards, he noticed more spiders and geckos crawling around in the house
lol ok job but huge plates lol
Good instructions---Anil
Would love to see the "feeding the wires" part.  How does one find the wires behind the dry wall?
What kind of "wall" is that? Never seen a wall made of cardboard here in Europe  I'm surprised even how the tv bracket is placed on that weak and cheap looking wall
wow plasterboard walls maximum security LOL
Hahahahaha! Lol Subtitles on 5:27 😆😂 Great advice, anyways!
The stud finder keeps going off anytime I'm around it...what can I do?!11 =)
where did you get the TV arm mount from
Did you pull out the insulation in that area...didn't see any>
You should also run one or two strands of fishing line or twine in case you ever need to pull a new cord through later. Saves a lot of hassle later on!
cute how the foreigners are talking about paper houses. the cinderblock residents are a bit jealous that they are boxed in to their jail cell with difficult improvement options. LOL :(
perfect!! I didn't bother with the plates cause well...... the hole is covered but this worked great, thanks
awesome
Good all american paper houses, I need a concrete drill just to hang a picture on the wall xD
Why does youtube say i watched this???
Low audio
My wall is not hollow from inside
Such trouble for such a small TV
Wheres ur center speaker?
Since running non plenum rated cables through the wall is a code violation, a professional installer will add another outlet behind the television to power it.  If that's too much work, a cable raceway is neater than dangling cables and doesn't require opening up the wall.
>uses low voltage box >runs 110-20VAC main cable through >genius.
Thank you good job I'm going to do it
come on bigger tv
6:08 Moxey !
We europeans can't just cut out a piece of wall with a boxcutter! My wall makes a stone drill go blunt, dude :D #fortresseurope
I did the same thing in my room for my tv, except I use the wiremold kit which was more expensive, but it came with templates, a hook to help you fish and route the cables and a round drill which made the holes with ease, they look pretty awesome and have current so the tv connects on top instead of the bottom so I just run all my HDMI cables through it (:
What about the fire block? That horizontal stud about 5 feet from the floor?
How to do it for free, punch your fist through the wall where you want it, then run the wires down, it may not look as fancy but you won't see it anyway.
hope you never want to move the tv.  I think a flat channel with a sticky back to hide the wire in is more practical though. paint it the same color as the wall.
+rdouthwaite I live in the uk brick and concrete,  this guy is from the u.s lol he shops at home depot that's an American store right?
' better put tv on the top table and turning little spin... no need tv holder mount on the wall... save time
lol you live in a cardboard house in the uk our house's are brick and concrete,  we can't just cut holes out of our walls
living in germany is hard we dont have drywalls :c
where is he from?
what if its concrete? like in my apartment
we have cement walls here
Makes video demonstrating how to do something, yet has no idea about the building codes he is violating. Makes other video as a followup once he has realized he has violated code in almost every city. Also, did not understand the meaning of "low-voltage," until some electrician explained it to him after this video. Then, he prolly watched some other YouTube video of how to it right, and then copied that video. Stop trying to teach what you do now know, you are not helping anyone, you are causing harm.
I have a brick wall so... may not work for me this way.
The idea is to hide the cutouts in the drywall. The cutouts are behind the TV and cabinet. Why then decorate the cutouts with these $5 plates? Just cut the drywall, run the cables.
Where did you get that tv stand?
This is incorrect.  NEC article 400.8 flexible power cords are not allowed in wall. Being against building code and NEC code if you have a fire the insurance company will not cover it. The boxes are fine for low voltage. It even states do not run power only low voltage.
Hahahahahahaha that shitty walls, normaly are made of bricks ... xD
Thanks!
What is the apparatus called? Great video!
Isn't that TV Mount a little High ?.
Next Up: How to get constant airflow through your home  Smash your windows out!
Solution: Cut a GIANT FUCKING HOLE in your wall..... wtf....
make this with Beton:))
had no idea thank you will do this x
is it alright if it drywall
Thanks!  This helps alot
u r real nigga
Smart😂
Why weren't you concerned with being code compliant? It clearly states low voltage, feeding the tv's power cable through the wall is a bad idea. Could cause a fire, unlikely but still a worry.
ZZZ except for the annoying music
pretty cool..as high you got the TV and that you ran the wires behind the wall...im amazed that you did not run into a fireblock between the studs. I have fireblocks so i cant do this
this nigga has that tv on that dry wall
outstanding! Semper Fi
good tips. I will need to do this sooner than later.
I would just use panduit casing from your local hardware store. Hide all your wires in that without making a whole in the wall.
thank you for the help information for this project...
What is a Stud?
How to hide the wires for free:  Put the TV on its stand and on the entertainment unit.
What about the slack needed when you extend the tv on the mounting bracket.  Is there enough slack and will the wires move inside the wall when the tv is moved in our out.
Man, that looks easy! Totally gonna try to do this myself. Thanks for the vid!
all our walls are made of  bricks in the Caribbean.  no wonder hurricanes and tornados destroy houses in the USA in a jiffy  damn.
I wonder how many people don't realize that he's mounting the TV on studs and not the drywall alone.
Thats why its so hard to find cement in fallout4
I don't like the idea of adding holes in home walls. You can't restore drywall to it's original strength, once you put a hole in it, so unless you plan on keeping your TV there until you move out, I wouldn't recommend doing this.
Well done! Thanks. Keep up the good work!
eh i envy you guys >.<wall made well i dont know >.< to make a hole like that i need hammer / driller /chaser /and a wall jack hammer >.< and to make the whole room dirty >.<
How to move a coaxial outlet from one wall to an adjacent wall?
In Europe walls are made of bricks and cemment. Also we usually already have a tv porwer and signal sockets on where the tv will be
Fire Hazzard shouldn't pass the power cord inside the wall
TO EVERYONE VIEWING THIS VIDEO... This is a great tip, however.... Running a TV"S power cord in wall is against fire code in every single state in the US.  Can't speak for outside the US.  A TV's power cord can get rubbed inside of a wall and cause a fire inside of your wall and cause it to quickly spread to the entire house.  DO NOT RUN POWER CORDS INSIDE A WALL.  Simply Install an outlet behind the TV.  It's easy to do.
The biggest mistake most people make when wall-mounting a TV is locating it too high. You don't want to look up, creating neck strain. The center of the TV screen should be at eye-level (when seated). In most cases a short sturdy stand is a much better idea than wall mounting. Today's cheapest TV's have very, very flimsy bases and even require safety wires and such, so they don't tip over and harm someone, so take that into consideration. I bought a 2015 48" LCD/LED Sony and it will tip over if you sneeze too hard. :)
This is so cool.
DON'T DO THIS. Electrical code says you can't run power cords through the wall. A/V cables are fine. FIRE HAZARD
That's great and all but they are LOW VOLTAGE for a reason. You're not supposed to run the power wires thru the wall. Read the box!
Not code compliant.
Name of wall mount plz
Thank you so much!!!  Would have never thought of that and I also would have spent tuns of time and money...I love this idea!
My house walls are solid so this video is pointless to me, But quick question, how does this hollow wall hold TVs and stuff without it ripping down the wall?
thx a bunch!!!! you make me wanna go build some stuff no it looked so easy lol
Easy diy good instructions, nice job
I've got reinforced concrete walls here throughout. Earthquake prone area. Guess this won't work for me.
just some extra research for me. great vid by the way. one thing I heard was sometimes you'll encounter another horizontal stud (the technical name escapes me at the moment) which you end up having to drill thru and will make feeding your wires a tad more difficult without a 3rd hole. so my intent is to use the stud finder parallel btwn both boxes to make sure nothing else is there. looks great. I like that tv mount tho. my first one didn't adjust and it's a pain to work with. my second one is similar.
haaah. And the wolf came. And he huffed and puffed and blew the house down!
smart thinks
Skipping where you assembled the high voltage power cable outlet didn't help.     Seems like a big part to gloss over
I enjoyed this video ... the low voltage cable platys were just what I was needing ... well done
Why the hell is your tv 6 ft in the air
Marco Reus???  Thanks for the video bud.
Hummmm, thanks
Nice man! Going to try this for a weekend project and then make a video about the same thing! (lol, JK about the second part). Subscribed.
very nice video
I hope that no rat or small animal dies behind your drywall. Cold air,pluming and stink could be problems
Will it work with plaster and lat type walls? How do you do it above a fireplace?
i live in a Cuban neighborhood and all my walls are popcorn and to get a fuckin ticktack or nail into the wall with little to no effort is dam near impossible ! no wonder white kids like punching their walls!if  i tried that here id break my fucking hand lol
I live in an apartment and can't do all of this stuff;I would loose my security deposit  if I did this.
I have a brick wall.
Nice vid, very helpful. Thanks NR! ;L)
Nice video man. You side home depot or lowes has this product but i couldn't find it. Can a send me a link. Thanks
Try doing that in the uk where houses are made out of brick and cement not flat pack ikea style like in the US
I am now inspired! I've grown quite tired of the wires hanging from the TV. I will be headed to the hardware store tomorrow. Thanks Nils!!!
brilliant but in Puerto Rico the houses are cement wall jejeje
never hang it over the fire place cause then u have a hot spot on screen reply back
very helpful
power cord though the wall...$10 and then you burn your house down and insurance doesn't cover you. All of a sudden that "$10" job becomes a $250,000 job. please remove this video before someone sues you
What's the easiest way to fish the wires from the top hole to the bottom hole?
Dude that's nice just for $10 bucks thanks for the idea
Very helpful thanks for hard work
Hi! Look that I found more good solution to hang anything!!! https://www.facebook.com/iclack.smu/ thanks for the video!
Very Smart, Great video. Thanks!
nice video, I'm curious how to make this work with a floating shelf just below the tv... I'm thinking a wire moulding would be the answer since the shelf will only be about 2 feet below the tv...
i was excited about this until I realized youd be making a big ass hole in the wall. equaling inpossible for me that does not own my place. TT
Nicely done.  Thanks for this excellent tip!
Do all Americans live in houses made of paper and glue? No wonder why a tonardo can do such damage.
Can I ask what type/ name of the tv mount is this?
Hey man, just thought I'd share with you that they make these too. Might go this route once I get my wall mount. Thanks for the tip otherwise!
How is that TV still on the wall I always thought you couldn't mount a TV on a chalk board wall ?
People - don't do this! Nils ran his electrical cord through the wall - not okay! It is not up to code and will be the first thing the insurance investigators see if/when there is a fire. Spend the extra $15 and get wall plate to run electrical through the wall in a way that IS up to code. It's just as easy as the video above shows.
It all well and good doing it on those walls . but how do I do it to my solid brick walls in my house ?????
you wanna charge us for the videos?
Thx a lot for the help!!! 👍👍
great video!!
thanks bro.....
any Idea for a apartment?
@ tony that's incorrect. you mean to tell me every time the professional av company's install tv's they are breaking code? maybe where you live but in fl everybody dose this.
why the TV is so high on the wall??
I tried to cute a square through the sheet rock last night but it's really difficult to do. Any tip that I can receive here?
Thank you for the video.  Are the recessed cable plates really necessary?  Cant I just pull out the small piece of rectangle drywall, cut a quarter inch strip from the side to the middle (to fish the wires thru) and then glue it back into the wall?    Since nobody is gonna see it anyway
Where did you buy that wall mount from ?!
thank you
i was excited then i remembered that my wall is made of red bricks
Your walls are hollow!!!  How does the led hold on that thin wall.
i dont get it ?where is the electric plug go???????????
This works unless your wall has blocking. Best to use the stud finder and run it up and down the channel and see if you get any hits.
Thanks for the inspiration. I mentioned you in my new video. Comment what you think about it. Thanks. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjgQdANDnkE
My wall is solid concrete so this won't Work (it's the wall facing the neighbor Apartment)
Awesome! I did it! It looks great! Thanks!!!
Tip for pulling dry wall out like that put a screw in the middle your just tossing it anywaze
Thank you so much
I've hidden cables this way, but i purchased an insulated power cable (like the ones in the in wall tv power kits) & used it as an "extension cord" of sorts so that the TV's non shielded power cord is not in the wall just the insulated cord. It worked out to be almost as expensive as buying one of the in wall power bridge kits; but it took less time & took up less wall space. I don't know if it's up to code like it would be if i used an actual kit, but I know the power cord is insulated the same so i should never have a problem.       I found these low voltage wall plates that have a deep but narrow recess, I am actually able to install them by drilling two holes one above the other (like a figure 8) with a 1&1/2" spade bit, the plates then just push in & fit snug. Some DIYers may find that process less intimidated than cutting large rectangle with drywall saw. I will try to find & attach link.     All of your videos are great so when i heard you say low voltage wire plate, knowing you were going to hide ALL wires i was like uh oh, I should have known you'd let viewers know about possible code violation. Thanks for another great video. Lisa
Top video and great tips👍
How would you go around running cables (network cable ) from floor 1 for floor 2 and loft ?   ( before i start cutting walls ) i have network plates , also might not be directly above   Thanks
...the only thing I wished you'd have shown is "fishing" the wires downward... I know, you probably will say it was too easy.....but the easy (assumed) methods can be troublesome.... "if it looks easy, its probably hard; if it looks hard it probably is"... thanks ....
Wow ...this is exactly the tutorial  I was looking for, Thanks !  Something I can do myself :)
I see it would be okay to remove a wire when you like, but how would you put a new one in, without opening the bottom receptacle? Would that be possible?
them wall plates are overpriced! go online and buy them at MCM electronics. if you put an electrical cord in the wall it is not code! if your house burns and your insurance company finds that you are F#CKED!!!!!!!!
The TV is to high!!
Against code to have electric cord behind the wall like that.
