Anybody know where I can find that fantastic little glass beaker at 2:59? I MUST HAVE ONE (several)!
Why is beef tenderloin so cheap in Russia and so expensive in america is it because there is no demand for it in russia
Not for nothin' chef but I bought all the books and became a member.  In this recipe and video there is no mention of the temperature to roast at, time or temperature to roast to on the first or second times. It's like all the videos have been heavily redacted and having the annotations on doesn't change anything.
i love the tutorial on how to cut my own filet, and the marinade to be sure. but uuugh the end product that you would serve to a paying customer! that's ourageuos.. They're paying, at least here in the states upwards of $50 just for that piece of meat. i certainly don't want something that was precooked, then warmed up, and vegetable oil slathered on it to make it look pretty! aack! i want it freshly cooked, i want fresh juices comng from it, and i want the glae to be bc it came fresh of a grill not out of an oven, and was torched! mmm maybe that's why i go to steakhouses or cook my own (preferred method). i can get a better quality of meat.
😮😮 amazing! Thanks for the info.
Too raw too eat!?!? That steak looked perfectly medium rare all the way through.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoVp7L5Wdqc  you can find the annotations to his recipes in the comment section of the video i posted
Why msg ?
Why don't the steaks need to be rested before slicing with this method? Should they be allowed to come to room temperature when taken out of the fridge before being finished in the oven? Thanks.
Hello Chef, I made this just as described and I do not like Scotch. I m a Bourbon Man.  What if any changes would you suggest if I use a smokey Bourbon?
I take all my left over what ever it goes out beyond the lawn and is gone in the morning feeding my Raccoons and Foxes and who ever else comes along, when I see people throwing these morals in the garbage it is sinful !!! Why not grill them ....
I noticed you have edited your videos leaving out pivotal items.  I had heard this was the case, but thought not.  Good luck and thanks for the ride.
Could you share the ingredients of the marinade? Youtube is not showing the annotations. And what temperature is the oven and how long does it need to be in the oven for medium rare?
ANNOTATIONS   0:13.800 Another advantage to this method is that there is NO RESTING TIME NEEDED from when it comes out of the oven and goes on the plate. This is a huge help in a busy restaurant.   0:13.800 I'm showing you two different things in this video. First, a marinade that is a copycat recipe from a 1940's steakhouse using Scotch whisky. Now personally I don't like scotch, but in this particular case it is absolutely a brilliant combination. The second thing here is how to prepare filet mignons in any quantity perfectly every time - and I mean PERFECTLY!   0:13.800 This "tail" would be trimmed off in a good restaurant. At home I often leave it on. CLICK TO SUBSCRIBE   0:25.000 Cut filets from a tenderloin so that they weigh about 170 grams (6 oz) each.   0:25.000 INGREDIENTS FOR THE MARINADE 45ml (1 1/2 oz) Olive Oil * 30ml (1 oz) Scotch Whisky (see note below) 4 cloves Garlic 2 t (10 ml) Worcestershire Sauce 1 t Thyme, dried 3/4 t Black Pepper, finely ground 3/4 t MSG (also known as Accent flavor enhancer) * 4-5 drops Liquid Smoke (see note below)   0:25.000 If you want a stronger Scotch flavor, then use a smokey one (such as those from Islay). Otherwise an excellent and economical choice is William Lawson's together with a few drops of liquid smoke.   2:06.000 Bear in mind that it will shrink down by nearly half after cooking.   3:01.500 The notes about the choice of whiskey are on the page with the list of ingredients at the start of this video.   3:42.659 The original (1946) marination time for the recipe was a mere 15 minutes, but that was for the old fashioned one-stage cooking process. Better results here will be obtained by marinating for 45 minutes to an hour.   4:01.000 The excess marinade is discarded. Don't brush off the marinade that is sticking to the meat, but don't pour the rest over the meat, either!   4:48.200 Next flip the meat over on the wire rack (as shown in the video coming up next) and let rest for 15-20 minutes before refrigerating.   4:48.200 Preheat your oven to 200°C (390°F) with FAN ASSIST ON (add 20° if you don't have fan assist) As soon as the meat goes into the oven, lower the temperature setting to 170°C (350°F) and roast for 14 minutes.   5:03.611 This is at the stage when they are going to be stored in the refrigerator until an order comes in, or your guests arrive. DEMONSTRATION ONLY - DO NOT CUT THE MEAT NOW!   5:25.245 The meat has been sealed against spoilage.   5:29.700 IMPORTANT - Be sure to have prewarmed plates ready and a warm sauce of some kind (such as a red wine and demi glace reduction) in order to keep the filet warm. This goes double if you are serving rare meat, which can become cold in the middle easily.   5:29.700 When you are ready to actually finish it up, ideally you will cook this in a wood burning oven, but at home you probably don't have that option, in which case: Preheat oven to 200°C (390°F) with FAN ASSIST ON.   5:51.200 Exact cooking times will vary some depending on how efficient your oven's fan assist or convection cycle is. These are approximate average times only... Roast the filets on a wire rack for: 7 minutes for rare about 10 minutes for medium ...on through 16 minutes for well done.
which volume of your cookbook is this in?
Hey Chef, since Youtube got rid of all the annotations is there anyway I could get the cook times and oven temperatures for this recipe? Thanks.
I tried it tonight.  i found a smokey scotch and went for it...even threw in the MSG.  Incredible.  I marinated for at least an hour, broiled,  and zapped it with a torch. The meat came out delicious and succulent.  I can't describe it.
I dont have any whisky or tyhme, can i use red wine for manridae instead and a subsitute herb, like basil oregano rosemary
Chef,  I have now made this 2 times and it is superb.  The marinade is totally awesome!  These come out perfectly cooked  - it is almost like cheating.  My wife typically want her steaks done a little more well and usually puts more Worcestershire sauce on them when  they are done.  I cooked hers for 10 minutes (mine 7 1/2) on the second time and she loved it as it was.  Did not add anything and it was still like a medium rare that she did not mind because it was so good.  Thanks for the instructions.
Thank you for sharing this wonderful recipe. Today I used a rump cap and combined your marinade and sousvide recipe. The result is truly amazing.
Just one remark… in the book you say that any smoked whisky from the Islay will be good. Just wanted to say that although I haven’t made this recipe yet I do know my whisky (I’m a whisky collector) and while I can see how an earthy smoke (peat) will be great I wouldn’t want to use a whisky like Caol Ila because the type of smoke is more like smoked fish and smoked crab and I don’t think I’d like my beef steak to taste like a smoked lakerda fish.  When I make this I’ll probably use a Cask Strength, batch 13 Springbank because it’s very complex and balanced yet has a lot of dark notes.  I’m trying to figure out (in my head) whether using a Lagavulin or a Laphroaig will impart too much of the “antiseptic” flavour.  I think I’ll get back to you on that!!  I mostly use the 12 Y.O Highland Park when cooking but I am from London… Scotch Whisky is ridiculously cheap here compared to other countries.
5:20    chef: this is too rare to eat.  me: sad, he overcooked it .
Definitely saved and will be made... Thanks for Sharing!
What should be the thickness to aim for on the steak? 2 inches, 3 inches?
Chef I have a couple of questions. 1. how long will this keep in the refrigerator after the first step, under 4 celsius.  2. is it possible to keep in the freezer as well, after the first step. 3. We do have a wood fired oven, and how would you suggest to cook it then. Thank you!
Who is the man with the star on his hat inside the pentagon graphic?
Man, just before you chow down, sip a shot of 4 Roses Kentucky Bourbon on the rocks and the steak will taste so good.
Are steak enthusiasts the dumbest people in the world or is it a coincidence that the comments here are so stupid?
what is the mystery ingredient?
You are an interesting individual; I suspect you have more to share than you have enough time to make videos of. Good stuff
Chef-presuming searing in a heavy pan after roasting is acceptable if you do not have a torch?
I cried when you didn't sous vide them, then I LOLed when you blasted them with the gas flame!  :(  :D
Revisiting this recipe and reading the comments makes me realise why most cooking channels don't read or reply to comments.  A bunch of parrots braaking the same old myths about MSG and arguing over nonsense.  Shame people aren't willing to research anything themselves, or just trust the words of a professional - MSG is perfectly safe.    In any case, if you really don't want to use the MSG, then don't.  I've made it with and without, and it tastes incredible either way.  Congrats on all the views though, Chef.  This one really exploded for you, people sure do love their red meat!
Blowtorching a fillet mignon??????? It's a SIN!
Liquid smoke is the curse of the world.
My dog has strong opinions about what can be done with those scraps. He knows the sound of butcher paper and stands and stares at me while I prep.
msg? wtf
Overcooked.
may aswell eat it raw. its vile seeing steak mooing at you
If it was said before, I apologize. Accent and Worcestershire sauce are loaded with that poison known as MSG. Accent IS MSG.
Who uses msg in their meat
howdy cir - the marinade has to be great...but no reduction for a sauce?...and it does seem to me that this would be good as sous vide - except with thicker cuts or even whole....what say you..i wonder...marinade...sous vide...dry...maybe a bit of sugar/oil to caramelize, then the grill to finish...?..that is how it will go down here ......
Fucking raw
That steak looks delicious! Sad to see such lack of understanding in the comments. The crazy idea that MSG is bad for you started, or at least became popular, about 30 years ago. While it is true that a very small percentage of people cannot have it, the same can be said of many foods and ingredients. Some people simply need to believe certain things, to give them a sense of control and conviction in their lives. I myself prefer facts over myths.
Ugh MSG. Save your counter argument, I have no love for MSG.  Now before you say fast food, I dont eat them as much.
He uses MSG! You don't need that for a tenderloin 😢
Beautiful streak! BUT, no need for MSG. I'd smack any chef that served me a steak coated with that junk. Going forward, I'll ask if any MSG was used. Never thought about MSG when having steak, until now. Again, BEAUTIFUL looking steak though!
Hi Greg, I have got one question regarding the second phase of cooking, At what temperature does the steak go in the preheated oven. Is it roomtemp or straight from the refrigerator? I would guess roomtemp for even distribution of doneness. Did I miss this in the video?  Anyway, thank you for your channel and for sharing your professional approch on cooking. It's really interesting for me as a passionate homecook.  I consider your channel one of the hidden gems of youtube!
Msg?
I didn't know Carl Sagan was a cook.
the light doesnt help you, but good vid.
RUSSIANS are the MOST dishonorable people the world.... DISLIKE......
Wanted to thank you for helping me elevate my cooking! Great recipes and easy to understand. No bullshit whatsoever! I have both your cookbooks and your cocktail book. Best margarita I have ever made. Thanks again👍🙏
this is the most honest cooking show  I've ever seen in my life. Bravo to you sir
5:15 "It's too rare to eat, this is not good" ? In France you could well be good to go! (requires seering, of course) Tastes vary but ultimately it's up to the customer (within reason!) ;)
Yes there is scientific evidence that MSG can be bad for you. http://www.naturalnews.com/048414_MSG_side_effects_monosodium_glutamate.html#
Filet Mignon STRAIGHT to the oven?  Honestly, this sounds like a waste.
50 filet mignons an hour? Does McDonalds serve them now or what?
Raw.
This man can cook. Subbing.
If making at home can I skip the refrigeration step or is that critical to retain juices in the meat?
Could someone explain to me why you marinate a tender steak, doesn't that ruin/dulls the flavor? Idk, I have never marinated a steak because in my opinion seasoning is perfectly fine. I do marinate lower quality steaks and meats though.
I would love to make this since I just got back from a gastronomically devastating trip to switzerland, but first I'd like to express a few concerns.  Firstly, I find It difficult to think of a suitable sauce for it, one that won't overpower the marinade.  I also happen to have a cheap butane torch that my father likes to use when he plays handyman, but It looks less like a professional tool, and more like a fancy lighter.  I suppose the blowtorch part is important for the flavor and the texture rather than the good looks of the dish.
Everyone could care less about the recipe. They are all freaking out over the MSG additive.
I've never seen or heard of anyone marinating this cut before. Interesting
There is absolutely NO scientific evidence that MSG is bad for you. Doesn't anyone else find it odd that Billions of Chinese load up on MSG everyday yet are still considered one of the healthiest Countries in the world? It is nothing more than a naturally occurring compound in our bodies that enhances our savory taste buds. Nothing more.
why use msg on such a good steak
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be eaten.
May i ask why it isn't seared first before putting it in the oven? it seems to me that all the other "celebrity" chefs sear it first and their explanation is that it gives a better flavour. (asking as a beginner home cook)
Video is awesome......
nice color!!
MSG? FFS! THAT SUCKS.....
This guy sounds like Carl Sagan while cooking. Pretty cool.
If I was rich, I would eat this every day.
I am sorry but why the hell would you put MSG on a FM? Really that is completely wrong in every manner.
Had a 2 inch thick Ribeye last night... Crossed your method with mine. Mostly because I cooked it all the way on my Weber kettle grill with my new infrared grates. Super sear,awesome grill marks, but after the first 7 minutes and the flip, I covered the grill I guess I've always done that on thicker steaks. but not with those kinda results. Couldn't do it that way with like 50 steaks.... But with less than 5 I could. Sadly I couldn't find the stuff I needed for a Green Peppercorn Bearnaise at 1130 PM after work. It was a last minute deal... I kinda used the Knorr Bearnaise mix..... Sorry but in a pinch Knorr stuff seems to be pretty damn good. I mean the steak coulda stood on it's own probably the most photogenic steak I have ever cooked. Both cut open and by it's lonesome. Haven't been watching or commenting lately... the weather has warmed to BBQ and also you are definitely trying to put 15 pounds on me :)... I'll be tuning back in...
go to this part 6:05
Couldn't wait to give this a go so I cooked this tonight. Regarding the marinade ......... the recipe listed is perfect for (4) filets. Followed the recipe to a tee as I am one to ALWAYS attempt to replicate the provided recipe to the letter .. and then if necessary adjust to my liking for future cooks. The marinade is terrific and although the Thyme is very present in the end product, it is not in the least over-powering. I won't change a thing going forward. The family all loved it ........... and they are all accustomed to decades of high quality beef grilling courtesy of yours truly. The technique ......... although a bit different for my experience was dead on perfect. Because I am not altogether experienced in oven-roasting steaks, I relied on my Thermo-Pen to determine the final temps. As I have trained my family to accept nothing but medium-rare beef, I pulled the steaks at 130F followed by the torch crusting. The entire family raved about the flavor, presentation and doneness. Can't wait to cook this up for a party of friends. This recipe has no rivals I can assure you.
Hi Chef .......... great video. Question on technique ......... assuming I'd prefer to skip the resting and refrigeration stage and simply cook all the way through and serve in one step, can you share cook times if that rest/refrig. stage is omitted? Also, would a flip be beneficial 1/2 way through the cook ?
I cant say good job to anyone adding msg to their food.
I'm soooo hungry right now!!
You sound like Carl Sagan!
killer marinate ,,i will stick to the grill for cooking
This is brilliant! I don't eat in super high-end restaurants... Nor in franchises unless I have to because I'm always disappointed - with beef especially. This is a perfect, stress-free way for a dinner party. Stove top sous-vide is even easier but I don't like it (except for duck breasts) because it's so sterile and soulless and my dog could do it. Love this channel.
Next time I cook filets I will use your method. But I think I'll use bourbon. I don't like scotch (I guess you don't either, didn't have annotations on the first watch). And I may skip the liquid smoke since I will use my kettle grill for the oven, indirect method. 1 chunk of apple or mesquite perhaps. Looks wonderful.
marco pierre white on meth. lmao
Cleaver man.
wow ...that little "afterburner "..that is so genius :)...thanks for sharing
I had no idea you could do this completely in the oven. Need to try it. I've always started one side in a pan, not turn the meat, then moved to the oven. This is definitely easier and less mess to clean up. Torch bit is fantastic. I found a great meat market, about 20 miles from me, and have plans to go next weekend. The timing on this is perfect. Thanks, Chef!
At 6:42 it is cooked perfect for my taste. when you first cut into the meat after the 1st trip into the oven....thats how my father would want his cooked. nevertheless, anyone who wants theirs cooked well done has mental issues and should be on pills :) great idea for Valentines day chef :)
Thanksfor the vid chef....  although i have to admit it kinda make me re-question all of my dining experience lol :P
Great video. What about giving the steaks a quick sear with garlic, rosemary infused butter in the end rather than using the blue torch? Would it give the same results?
Chef, you are the best :). I subscribed to your channel and would like to see more videos devoted to vegetables cooking & salads prep (especially green ones like: brocolli, kale, spinach). I really enjoyed your bistro shrimp recipe :).
I love how you display restaurant methods, it's insightful as well as great for learning new techniques. Keep it up!
Thats awesome chef. You have basically taken the guesswork out of it. I will try soon!
Looks very much foolproof and I love whiskey, so I'm going to try this one for sure. I spent the entire recipe wondering why there was no searing involved until you finally pulled out the blowtorch. But 10 dollars per kilo ... Ship me some of that please! 30-35 dollars per kilo is about the cheapest filet mignon you can buy where I live (in The Netherlands). On the flip side any bone-in cut is relatively cheap since people prefer low-fat, fast & easy to prepare cuts.
Of all the hundreds of 'perfect' steak videos, this one is the ONLY that could be considered Perfect. Really amazing recipe, kudos once again! Have you thought about releasing a cookbook? At the end of every video I'm so tempted to by your cocktail book, but unfortunately I don't really drink.
Looks amazing, I can't wait to try this one out!  Thanks, chef!
Looks fantastic. Can't wait to try it out.  My friend has been making all his steaks sous vide lately. Do you have any experience with sous vide? Is it just a gimmick or is there real merit to the method?
Coach, do yous have a preference as to which flavor of Liquid Smoke for this recipe and your others which use it?  I know you are fairly specific with ingredients sometimes.
Excellent - I never would have thought to cook a steak this way, it seems so foolproof!  I will definitely be giving this a try this weekend.  Thanks for posting!  Note:  Small error, you meant Scotch from Islay, not Isle of Man.  Islay is home to Laphroaig, Ardbeg, and Lagavulin.  The Isle of Man is home to the Isle of Man TT, a pretty insane motorcycle race event.
