I miss these type of scientific videos! Less gag stuff and more info
Thank you Jeff!
So stop Watching yt at night
Sleeping is killing your gains.
Wow, I'm watching this and knowing this is exactly what my new fit watch is saying- wake up at the right time in your sleep cycle and feel more rested. The gadget even wakes me ( even if it's earlier than i like) at the proper time in the cycle.- and it works. Less grumpy less reluctant to get up.  Wtg
Hi Jeff, Could you clarify something for me; my understanding is that the peaks of the graph represent REM sleep and the troughs are deep sleep. If that is so, and REM sleep phases get longer throughout the night, should the peaks of the graph not get longer instead of the troughs? Simon
Sleep?  I can do that!
Soo, if I cram a 1½ hour nap somehwere around mid day I can get big faster?
IDK Man I'm Tired Of These Jacked Dudes Tellin Us How To Get & Stay Jacked When Dudes In Prison Get No Sleep... Have Y'all Seen The Jacked Ppl In Prison 🤔🤔🤔 No Good Quality Sleep & Nutrition Is Not That Of The Outside... Think Dudes In Prison Have Tons Of Bodybuilding Supplements 🤔🤔🤔 Im Rethinking ALL Of This
I'm here again.. after 7 years
I'm on the AX1 program now. I have sleep apnea and use a CPAP machine. I'm not fat, but have a hard time losing my mid section and building muscle. I am 46 and weigh 158. Skinny all over. Just have the belly and waist. I follow your meal plan and it is what I've kinda eaten the past 3 years. I take your supplements and do use the vitamins you pretty much use. I do the shred twice a day. Probably should just do the standard meal plan you have. I'm a single dad of 2 boys. I'm thinking maybe stress and having sleep apnea could be the issue. Any recommendations? Thanks
im the guy sleeping 3 or 4 hours a night feeling good sometimes even the 1 1/2
yup...1 and a half hours per cycle is exactly correct and timing your sleep hours accordingly in that cycle is absolutely optimum. 7.5 hours in my opinion is the sweet spot
He talks about his Reconstruxion RX-3 supplement as a great pre-sleep supplement because of the whey and casein content. But RX-3 doesn't have any protein in it! Did it used to?
Put the captions on, pause at 17 seconds, and read what Jeff is a pro at.
I tried reconstrucxion (the night time recovery supplement) for the first time last night. I was dead tired yesterday man I thought I was gonna get up sore and tired as hell. I set my alarm for 7 hrs of sleep but I got up without the alarm after 6 hrs of sleep. I do have soreness but it's nothing I can't handle. I don't feel fatigued. Usually if I trained and worked like yesterday, I would've been feeling like shit by now. I know  this. 100%. This was my first time. I'll keep commenting after further use for other viewers' experience.
Thank You for taking the time to help explain this valuable information! Thank You!
Old school Athlean-X
Ahh so this was how Jeff looked liked
Athlean-x, if I know that going to bed earlier makes me feel much better than going to bed late at night, is there an "early time" that you recommend for those who know they feel more fresh and fit when getting to sleep early?   Any reply, I'd be grateful. Keep up the great work! God bless
Thank you for this info ✊🏻
this guy is goku irl
I understood it by chance while eating two eggs before sleep for a couple of days instead of eating them in the morning as I didn't really feel into eating anything but my protien shake in the morning and I felt full.  Then I noticed firm muscles in a couple of days! Though I have been training for two years but whenever I am stressed muscles melt like a piece of butter on fire as if I  am not doing anything. The turning point was when I started eating eggs or drinking shake again before bed. I saw the difference and started digging science to make sure what's happening! So Now by experience and scientifically based protien is magic if you take it before  bed!
Jeff Cavaliere. Time passes but your soul remains young and pure your body your stainless structure great wisdom 💝💝🙏💯
Awesome!!!! This is gonna change my life!!!! Thank you!!!!
Lmao fuck man, i workout so that i can mainstain a shitty sleep schedule and drink a lot. like right now as i watch this, sipping some tequila right after the gym tonight, oh well lol
For those that have Fitbits, I've noticed that I can set a alarm that can wake me up half an hour before my alarm clock if I'm already out of a deep sleep cycle I think.
and you know guys you have to sleep until failure
Sleep is key so many people screw this up and sabotage their gains!
Just mix whey in milk before sleeping. Fast protien from whey and slow milk
it's 3 am, I should go to work out now with this new technique
Should cover external forces such as light background noises.
Jeff talks about taking fast release protein pre first sleep cycle, but how long before? I'm assuming an hour as he also suggested not drinking within an hour of going to sleep... 🤔
U the best
Sounds amazing any chance you can teach my 2 yr old to respect my sleep cycle.
All this time I’ve been getting 7 hrs when I should’ve done 7 1/2 hrs thanks bro
Just service your Woman & your side-pieces. Burns calories & a helluva lot of fun😂
Its 2020 lol
Bruh it’s 1am and I need to wake up 5am 😭
I’m stopping by to say I’m here 7 years later
Nice.  I’m quitting the gym and sleeping all day long for my gains from now on!
always heard 1.5-2.5 hour cycles, but who knows? excited getting back into training again.
Hi sorry to be ‘that guy’ but deep sleep and rem sleep are not the same thing... deep sleep is stages 1-4 and rem sleep is stage 5. Deep sleep is where GH is highest and there is much more deep sleep in the first 4/5 hours of a sleep, towards the end of the sleep is more REM sleep. Smh...
I took that white board to bed.
Me trying so hard working out to gain muscle and watching this now at 4:21AM laying stoned on bed. Noice
Jeff always have a weird answer lol
that's a thing that MOST LIKELY you have. Sorry homeless, no GAINZ for ya!
This video has helped me a lot......
Jeff, Can you get more of a boost if you wake up like every 1.5 to 2 hours and going back to sleep. Get more of that big hump you speak of
This is fkn awesome
Looking at the age of this vid its gutting to know i didn't see him sooner! 😧
what happens if you wake up to pee like 2 or 3 times a night at about every 2.5 hours
I guess my gains are in deep shit as it’s 6:38 AM and i’m still awake
Isn't casein extremely inflammatory?
I'm watching this after being awake all night. Awkward
Great insight. Still relevant today. Thanks Jeff!
Classic Jeff, good stuff.
Does this mean I shouldn’t aim to sleep the recommended 8 hours of sleep but rather either 7.5 or 9 hours?
Should be sleeping rn but yeah...
what about having a 90min (~2 hours) afternoon nap wher you reach deep sleep? will we have two nice first time deep sleep growth hormone releases? ps wow the outro on these old videos really rocks :D nice
Guys just drink protein powder thats all u gotta do
Trying to sell supplements when there is no unbiased science saying we need more then .6g/lb for optimal muscle growth rates, dont subscribe to this salesman.
2020 anybody? April
What about sleeping on the floor/blanket?
*Sets alarm for 9 hours. Brain: Oh yeah? I'll make sure you sleep in 45 minutes so you'll get 8 hours and 15 minutes.
6 years later......surprise my bed is in my gym cause of the kung flu.
I’m watching this at 3 am lolol
there is so much crap information...misinformation...online.   I've done research on multiple topics...and then find you've done a video condensing dozens of hours of my research into a 9 minute video giving the essentials...   but you do it time and time again. plus teach me new stuff.   You're gold Jeff. ta heaps mate.
Wait...I've read whey causes an insulin response and that HGH and Insulin are antagonistic (i.e. if one is present the other will not be). Therefore, wouldn't the whey screw up you HGH release?
Thank you for this video lately when I’ve been going to sleep I’ve been feeling shakey. I must’ve been in a catabolic state while sleeping. Now I’m gonna eat more protein before bed to be in an anabolic sleep and I will now get 9 hours a night! Thank you
So I’ve been f#%ing up my gains by not eating right before bed??  Great
This makes me look forward to sleep. Goodnight
Sound level dude I listen when I’m driving and the intro music is fine but your vocal is way down I struggled to hear
I wish I had this when I was younger. ........goddamit.
Sleep is sacred. I need to get 7 hours a night minimum. 8.5 is ideal. 👍🏼👍🏼
I have a question. Does it metters when i sleep? I mean, if go to sleep on 5am and sleep during 8 hours
Does this work the same when you are 50 years old?
I nod off for an hour doh...
what if you sleep at 2A.m then wake up at 11P.m? does that count? does growth hormon release the same as when you sleep at 10P.m?
Would segmented sleep (scattered naps throughout day instead of single 8 hour sleep session) negatively affect muscle growth/recovery?
This may have been your most enlightening video.
Instructions unclear I slept 24hrs a day,now im ripped like jeff
This is cool because now I don't have to say I go to sleep anymore, ill say: im going to grow some muscle , goodnight
Drinking :(
Discombobulate.
Jef  in 2013 : sleeping is good for muscle growth  Jef in 2019 : sleeping is killing your gains
athlean x - king of the clickbait titles
Sleep 😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴
Who the fuck put thumbs absolute ball bags
Love how you go into the sleep cycle and explain exactly how that relates to muscle building. I recently started a new channel, and also made a video about sleep and muscle building. Would love to hear your thoughts: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_7PncJKd8o
Hello
Is 6 hours sleep definitely enough? I know it sounds good to wake up in a good cycle but I thought Jeff said 7-9 was key?
Can I drink Cassein and whey protein individualy before I sleep? Is that still good for Kidneys?
If only I could predict the time of fall asleep. It’s a gamble every night
I sleep like gaaaaaahbage regardless. But I do try to get in some good Zzzzzs. I also work and live overnight which probably doesn't help any.
I lived on 4hrs of sleep per night for so long its hard for me to stay asleep when i hit the too of each cycle.  I wake up every cycle and usually have a hard time sleeping.  As i write this its after having woke up after the first sleep cycle.  Hoping that improving my fitness will help me sleep longer.
Ive been using this sleep cycle for almost 10 years now. I used to deviate and say, sleep for 5.5hrs because i thought length of sleep determined my level of rest. No. Dropping to 4.5hrs instantly, the first day, made a huge difference. Start doing this by setting your alarm for one of these windows of time (3hrs, 4.5, 6, etc) and try to set it as your just about to fall asleep..not when you first got in bed and tossed for 30 minutes before you actually fell asleep..make that adjustment and you will start having the best mornings and days that follow. Play with the times because they are not set, as every human is different. Trust your body and use the times as guidelines. Do this every night for 2 weeks, keep a note in your phone about how you feel, then check back on your info and set the timeframe that felt best for you.
I always have casein 30mins before bed with a little bit of isolate
So why do people say 40 minutes is the perfect nap time?
Hi can you make an updated video on this TOPIC
actually REM (or rapid eyes movement) phase is an opposite of deep sleep phase, and during the night deep sleep phase decreases when REM phase increases
Show me one other fitness guy who says "discombobulated". Jeff is the best in the biz.
Jeff I absolutley love how you give us information to be independent of you or anyone else. Your information is accurate amazing and I only buy my supplaments from athlean because of these facts. You sir hands down have a great approach rather than suck people in for monthly subscriptions and coaching you earn our respect with facts and knowledge. I'm a proud athlean supporter. Thank you
SUCKS WHEN YOU GAVE TWO JOBS. I ONLY SLEEP 6 HOURS
How many days gap one should give  in a week?
Jeff is so much more enthusiastic compared to years ago
Jeff how do I get gains on my dick
I didn't recognize him at first ... the shirt threw me off 😂😂😂
I sleep deeper with out eating after 6pm, which increases growth hormone.
some videos related to atmwrestling please...
Right, so we we need to do is 4 sets of 1 1/2 hours everyday. Got it.
You actually have it backwards. REM sleep is light sleep, very close to waking consciousness because that’s where you dream, and deep sleep is the intermediate between REM cycles, which get progressively longer until eventually reaching waking levels of consciousness.
Finally a workout from Jeff I can follow to the end..7.5 hrs sleep!!
REM is the lightest stage of sleep, not the heaviest. N3 is deep sleep.
Lol i always wondered why some days i sleep 8 hours and feel like shit and others 6 hours and im fine
Carrot cake is an acceptable substitute for a protein shake before bed
Don't forget to do face pulls while you sleep 🛏
I'm watching this at 2:39 am...
i take my protein shake before i go to bed & i wake up with a flat stomach and have gained weight
Where did these scrawny guys making muscle-building vids come from?   I was once built like this dude...  When I was 14! 😆
Thank you for the valuable info. I have a body composition analyzer at home, I see that my body fat usually increases during the night and my muscle mass increases day time the day after a work out. what am I doing wrong?
This video feel like 1 hour
Please help I'm very sore from a workout from yesterday but i wasn't able to sleep last night because of work but i don't want to sleep in the day because it will fuck up my sleep cycle will i still build muscle by the time i go to sleep tonight
Once again, a very informative video, Jeff!  I'm mid 40's need to lose fat, and gain muscle.  I keep hearing sleep, sleep, sleep is the key, but never how much....at my age, 8, 9 hours sleep is just not possible, and for me, 6.5 hours is about the typical amount I get, so it's great to see the sleep cycle broken down, and thus confirming that my amount of sleep is not detrimental to muscle building.
I keep seeing research that claims fasting increases growth hormone and especially fasted sleep?
That metal clip at the end there hit my go to the gym button. But I have already been to the gym haha. Is there previews of what machines will be necessary for these workouts? Our local gyms are pretty light on equipment.
can i take whey with.milk before bed??
Can I sleep multiple times in a day for more advantage? 1.5 hrs growth hormone?
This video is from almost 6 years ago. His product pushes have gotten a lot more subtle.
6 HOURS IS ENOUGH IF YOU NEED MORE,SLEEP FASTER  ....   ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER
Thanks so much. I am following most of your advice and I am seeing the results. Best coach ever. Greetings from Spain.
One of your best videos 💪
Should I take a protein shake before I go to bed to help with muscle building?
I wish he had said: "If you oversleep, you will overgrow" =(
Jeff sleeps so hard that in the morning his bed needs to take a rest
Gonna start bringing a sleeping bag to the gym and sleep 8 hours between sets
It feels good when you wake up right before the alarm goes on and you feel well rested.
Was starting to watch this while needing to go to sleep, ok, i’ll go to sleep now...
What if I wake up 6 times a night? I can't help it, I sleep like shit. I have tried sleeping pills, nothing keeps me asleep for more than 3 hours art a time
Yo bro! This retro video was on point. Worth watching in it's entirety. I can now have a better respect and appreciation for sleep cycles ✌😎
Hey guys, I work 3rd shift and my sleep pattern is all out of wack. Any tips???
I tried explaining this to my toddler.... he's not having it.....😭😭😭
Its between yo ou r ears
I’m allergic to casein. What do I take instead?
I had sleeping issues, I figured it out and Gains happened, BIG GAINS!
i have an innovative alarm clock that wakes me at the precise second i'm at the top of my last sleep cycle.
Discombobulated lol
best gains in bed turn on a fan to keep it cool then fight your girl for the covers. turns that blanket Into a isometric machine cause you know your ass isnt getting that cover d:
How about I take 4x 1.5 hours sleep?
This makes me wish I could catch a nap mid day. I wonder if the growth hormone dump is every time you go to sleep.
damn this video is so old
As soon as I started eating healthier and sleeping for spot on 6 or 7.5 hours, I can LITERALLY wake up like how Jeff memes about in his other videos LOL
I'm coming out of adrenal burnout and now I sleep extremely lightly. I go to bed at 2030 and I'm wide awake at 0330. Is this normal? It's only 7 hours and if I get woken up at 0100 I'm screwed. I'm awake for the rest of the day. Is there something I can take that won't mess me up to try and get more sleep? Something that isn't addicting?
Where can I get the shirt you are wearing?
He is talking about whey in first 90 minutes of sleep, more fast acting protein spikes more insulin, insulin is inversely proportional to HGH, he is an idiot
2019 and I still search this vid to get my head start for my monthly rutine
Thanks Jeff
I sleep 2 to 3 hours a nite, seriously, 😶
can i wake up every 1 hour 30mins then go to sleep again after 10mins so i can power level on growth hormone?
What about naps?
I dont have bed I sleep in my cousins couch.
He is wrong...there are several beds in my gym...
I imagine every body sleeps at least for an hour and a half each day.
Discombobulated
Omg I haven’t had good sleep in 10 years ☹️. I have 5 children, one is still nursing. I will always be fat because I don’t get enough sleep.
When I sleep, but wake up in the morning. Should I just stay up and work out or something? Especially when it was a 5/6 hour sleep.
You'r videos are realy good thanks for the help
Watchin this right after I wake up. ARE YOU PROUD OF ME JEFFFFFFFFF
Literally watching this at 3am knowing that I need to sleep for gains 😢 I just can't for some reason
anyone ever try polyphasic sleeping? Best sleep ive ever had, sleep 3 hours when you get home from work and 3 hours before work. you get a mini day to yourself inbetween and one 3 hour sleep feels more restful than an 8 hour sleep. My question is is this ok for building muscle and do you get 2 initial hormone boosts like he talked about?
This is why I can't stand alarm clocks.
The good old days of athlean x😍
I have 2 questions.  What percentage of the growth hormone is in the first deep sleep?  You only say "the biggest release".  Also,  if you are off work, can you do a 6 hr sleep with a 2 hr nap in the afternoon, and get another of those biggest releases?
This is some quality information
November 2013?! Jeff you look marginally less shredded. Who’d thought it even possible.
So you can use markers on stuff that isn't muscles?
100 push-ups before bed, grow whilst sleeping.😁👌
Next video: You are peeing wrong.
I was in a coma for 2 months and woke up as ripped as arnold
"I got the T-shirt on, I got the whiteboard, it's all getting serious today." So, yesterday wasn't serious. Thank you sir.
But @AthleanX, is it soy free? I have a deathly soy allergy
I think the sleep time is very important also. If I fall asleep between 11p.m. and 4a.m. I almost always feel better than when I sleep at other times of the day no matter how long.
Great thumbnail, looks like jeff about to turn into an evan more ripped warewolf. Not to mention the evil in his eyes.
Yes when I wake up, 1% of my body is pretty big and hard but then it  goes away.
Jeff was incorrect when he was talking about the sleep stages. There are 4 NREM (non-rapid eye movement) stages in which we do not dream at all, it is the initial REM cycle that we directly lapse into as soon as fall asleep. And usually 6 and a half hours into your sleep you are in your longest stage of REM. I do not mean any disrespect at all, but I just though you all should know. But regardless, it doesn’t impact the message he’s getting across so it’s not that important or a misunderstanding. Keep up the good work!
I guess this is why new fathers' testosterone goes down-- babies don't let you sleep properly.
"I got the t-shirt on, so you know I'm all serious"  You're hilarious!
The scientifically proven benefits of fasting and in particular, the release of HGH due to a prolonged fasted state are clear.  Assuming you didn’t just come out of a nazi concentration camp your body has access to more than enough protein and fat to build repair and build muscle.  The average American has over 30% body fat and with that fat comes extra skin (protein) that can be consumed to repair/rebuild/build new muscle.  I think you need to clarify who this video is directed at.  An Olympian with 6% body fat probably needs to eat before sleep.  An overweight or average person does not.
love this dude. hes like work smarter not harder... and work harder.
"This is actually a really important and helpful point." *_-Me, at midnight_*
Ur amazing Jeff. I started watching in 2018 but your older videos are just as informative and helpful.
A bed and your fridge/kitchen : I was close
1) I'm surprised you didn't say it while everything you did say points towards it: Either don't use an alarm clock or wake up long before it goes off.  2) You also seem to have a great argument there that 8 hours of sleep is nonsense. I'm convinced you can condition yourself to go to bed and wake up at fixed times and persistently wake up in the worse part of the cycle. I've had periods like that and it was awful.  3) You forget to mention how long before going to sleep one should take the protein.  4) Your data visualization is awful. Come on, its 2019, you run a top youtube channel. But your sleep cycle graph is only 6 hours long and you are blocking everything beyond 4 hours with your body. It's nice to have a tutor who works out himself but we don't have to look at you the whole time. Have some nerd do some computer graphics and show them in full screen. Lets have those benefits from proper data visualization. There is quite a bit of debate about how to visualize it properly. 90 to 120 min makes a huge difference. Some crappy links from the top of the search results:  https://gdblogs.shu.ac.uk/b2006900/2014/10/08/sleep-cycle-diagrams/  https://medium.com/kodcular/sleep-cycle-58693101b94c  5) The click bait titles are shit. I'm sure the formula worked for you in that it build a huge audience, now cut it out. What we want is boring titles that we can easily find again and again. I know I've seen a video from you where you talk about sleep cycles but I wont be able to remember it is called "build muscles all day long" if your videos were chapters in a book the index would look like a mess and we would have to say it is a bad book.  6) finally, there are tons of apps to measure sleep cycles and sleeping with your phone next to your bed is the worse idea. It will either have to be a separate piece of technology or one will have to figure it out on gut feeling. The later works for me but it might not be optimal for those who want to get the maximum out of everything.
Do naps help at all?
Carefull what you eat though... Eating certain foods cause a spike in insulin - completely nullifies HGH as you sleep...
And when you go to sleep! Make sure you sleep properly! LOL I love Jeff, I'm glad I found his channel! Scott Herman is also a pretty good fitness guy too, check him out!
But what if you can't stay asleep?
Would love to no your thoughts on naps ( like 15mins) or even 90mins one ( like would u get a big boost in hormone twice in a day ) like in your normal sleep and abd at nap ??? Sorry for English it’s my second language
If you sleep 8 hours a day, you just spent 1/3 of your life sleeping
I always mix my casein+whey in a 1.5-2:1 ratio in favour of the casein. I use milk for my shakes rather than water so I get more casein again from that.
Well there ya go lol  Always wondered why if I have a 1 1/2hr sleep or 3 hrs i feel great but if I have 5 or 8 im miserable thanks Jeff been wondering that one for a few years haha
1:03 He just wanted to show that video there because he forgot to take his shirt off and thought it would of been weird if he did so he just showed a clip without a shirt
9 hours???  Who the hell sleeps for 9 hours??
Man I should stop going straight to the comments section WTF is wrong with me... lol
You are now well rested!
Are you saying it's better to take the protein drink with dinner vs after a workout?
Jeff, I am a huge fan of the knowledge you put forth in your videos, and I'm only now catching up on what you've put out, but this video in particular has literally changed my life. I've been battling "insomnia" (in parentheses for a reason; let me explain) and of all the resources I've researched, this video has been the only one that has liberated me: It's only been a few days since I've watched this, and now I can "forgive" myself for "not getting 8 straight hours of sleep." When I wake up after 4 1/2 hours, I no longer worry about missing what has been perceived as the gold standard; instead? I now fall back asleep quite easily. So, not only have you helped me bring better balance to my physique as a man in his 40s who thought he was doing alright, but you've freed me from the shackles of a perceived condition. Thanks, Jeff. And thanks for bringing such professionalism and integrity to fitness.
Exactly what I needed.  Keep up the good work guys.
If I wake up from a coma will I be ripped?
Also - he talks about protein in RX3 but it doesn’t say anything about protein on the label??
So when exactly are we supposed to take rx3? Before bed??
The whey protein I was taking, and I was taking 2 different types (muscle milk and gold standard). They both killed my dick game. Stopped taking them, now I’m back to being a horse.
415 people dislike REM sleep.
He said deep sleep also known as rem sleep but they are actually complete opposites
What about multiple workouts in one day?  Have limited workout days and wondering if I can workout one muscle group in the morning and a different one at night. Any videos on that?
I go to sleep 8-9pm and get up 4:30am go hit the gym at 5. Do you think it's better to gym at the early morning or at the afternoon. Talk about in any of your videos or hit me a comment. Best regards Tobé
I started exercising and i notice I naturally wake up a little after 6 hours every time.
hey @jeffcavaliere can you please describe what happens if i sleep for 3hours (3a.m.-6a.m.) before hitting the gym and then another for another 3 hours inthe afternoon.will i still get proper muscle growth?
So u saying I should get a proteinshake before bed?
I am home less I dont have bed but I have weights ..shit man
It seems you are conflating REM and Deep Sleep in this video. I certainly don't have the same education in nutrition and physiology as you (hence watching your videos to learn), but from what I've learned—from my studies in Neuroscience—Deep Sleep (Delta wave (REM sleep involves hight theta and beta spikes sometimes much like the waking state)) is a non-REM sleep; and is the stage in which most physical recovery takes place. (Not the most reliable source, I know, but a quick & easy, lookup: https://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/guide/sleep-101). Maybe I'm just misunderstanding what you're saying?
Ej you are fuc..g beast. I just wont to know where do you get those inforations... Do you experiment or do you get all of this thing about sleeping on the internet...
Sell out
I take 3 meds that cause weight gain. I've been exercising consistently for 5 months. Working to get off 1 med but not sure about the other 2.
Hey Jeff, what’s your view on taking naps? I’ve seen your videos about how important sleeping is and just was wondering how napping impacts growth and your metabolism.
Would this suggest that workouts closer to one's bedtime, should produce bigger gains?
So it doesn't matter when i sleep?..all that matters is how many hours i sleep?...because i sleep lately sometimes but i get like 7-8 hours
your videos are boring mate...
What about the three hours I spend crying myself to sleep?
Can someone explain why I get less sleep when I'm in a work out routine?
so what product to i buy
infowars supplements infowars.com/store
I know there's legitimate science to back all of this up...  But I've had days where my legs were sore on a day off, and then for some reason I got really exhausted, laid down and immediately passed out for like 30 minutes, woke up perfectly fine.
It’s true man. Sleep is crucial for becoming more athletic and stronger.
I don't have a bed
Wait...are you a biology teacher
So which exercises are recommended in deep sleep 😃
Fasting can increase production of HGH up to 2000% :-) Do you have a reference that HGH production primarily happens in the first deep sleep phase? The way I understand it its more related to your insulin (and respective glycogen) levels, and those are lower the longer you are in a fasted state ...
Jeff how does waking up to pee, etc, affect the peaks and times most ideal to wake?
Why is he wearing an upper body trouser thing?
Wow, this advice is like music to my ears 😅😅😅😅
I slept for 13 hours today
What do u guys think about zma? And another thing is.. consuming whey before sleep, make u often want to pass urine at night.
Hey Jeff!   I have changed my life toward a healthy living lifestyle. Building for long term.  I understand how sleep is crucial. However I have a newborn that wakes up every two hours. How do you recommend I help this situation.    I have been bringing on all of your videos recently. So glad I found them. Keep pumping out and helping millions of individuals.
Sleep with positive nitrogen balance.
It was a trick question! Aaaagh.
2018?
Now I knew why they said "8 hours is the ideal time of sleep". It's one of the peak cycle (90x9 = 810 to be exact), or 9 hours (90x10) if you have the luxury. Thanks Jeff, golden as always!
Rem is not deep sleep
Hi  Thanks for all the great information provided by you for body building. I am a great fan of you. Can you do a piece on fasting role in body building.
this kinda explains why i have trouble sleeping when i go into my hard training piriods ,  i would sleep for a couple hours ( dreams and everything) and then wake up and repeat a few times a night  , i was growing and felt ok , just felt like i was missing sleep , this makes sense   , allso i would wakeup hungry eat sum cold leftovers and go back to sleep  ,  i was worried but i was still growing so i was unsure , this really explains it allot   jeff what if we nap during the day , i ussually dream when i nap for an hour to 2   does igf get released then ? does that fuckup the main big igf release that comes with the first good sleep cycle of night
What if you have hard time sleeping
damn.. why havent i found this channel earlier.. ^^
So Jeff, are you saying that the recommendation is to set alarm at one of those Peaks in between REM periods?  Thanks for all the genius information.
So you have a protein powder/shake just before bed?  So do you do the weight just before bed too or is it earlier in the evening normally?  If it's just before bed, do you still have to do cardio? I was lifting and having a shake and going right to bed.  But I had a bit of a belly from being inactive as I lifted but did no cardio.  So no matter how late, do you always do cardio right after the workout and then take the shakes after ?
This is good Jeff!!!
I’ve heard something called polyphasic sleep, which means that you sleep 4-5 hours a day and take 20 mins nap through out the day. The purpose of doing polyphasic sleep is to jump into REM sleep immediately. So my question is1: as a college athlete, would you recommend me doing PPS since it could not only give me extra few hours a day to be more productive, but also helps me to recover during rem. 2: is NREM sleep necessary for body recovery? Thanks!
Only one point... 3 blind mice.. as in proof in pudding.. is he big built?
I can't sleep. I'm fucked!
What if you have a neurological disorder that makes you sleep deprived?
Since i started working out fairly hard every third day and long powerwalks on non-gym days i only sleep 4-5 H a night. I wake up fully awake around 04.00. I used to be fat and sleep like a baby...
Well that helps explain why i build muscle so fast. I love my sleep, 8 hours minimum each night, been that way since I was 12 or so and I typically don't remember my dreams, but nights that I do the dreams are so many in number I must be hitting REM sleep a lot.
no 1.
Screw night clubs! I want Gainz!
All good, only R.E.M sleep isn't the deep part, it's the top parts of the cycles.
What if you have narcolepsy, and hit your REM cycle in 2 minutes...
If I get more then 6 hours of sleep I have to actually try at everyday life...which I often dont do
My sleep is very bad. I often wake up 4, 5 or 6 times every night
Thanks for this one Jeff. Great vid.
On spring break I was sleeping 10-12 hours. What does that mean?
Jeff when you say sleep does the sleep need to be continous like what if we rest throughout the day
This was eye opening.  Never researched or knew anything about sleep cycles until now.
I can’t sleep with food in my stomach
bitch , i have chronic insomnia...
he said to drink whey before bed.. literally one of the worst things you can do to your body if your goal is fat loss - arguably worse than drinking pure molasses before bed. it will spike your insulin worse than pure molasses would at a time of day when your muscles cells are least receptive to being fed and your fat is the most receptive. this is the same reason why whey is only used post-workout and should be avoided like the plague at times of low physical activity. that said, if your goal is only muscle growth and for some reason you don't care about your pancreas or building fat, then go and spike your insulin for your REM cycles like he says to. for reference, i will post some numbers i've memorized: sugar, insulinemic index = 100 whey, insulinemic index = 140 casein, insulinemic index = 50 whole milk, insulinemic index = 80 beef, insulinemic index = 35 chicken, insulinemic index = 20 egg, insulinemic index = 15 whitefish, insulinemic index = 10
Like the science behind that
Watching this in 2018, your production quality has improved drastically.
REM sleep is not the same thing as deep sleep (stage 3-4)😧 in REM your brain is actually the most active.
I ain’t got time to sleep....or bleed
Is sleeping 4 and 1/2 hours really bad in terms of building muscle?
Jeff is it necessary to eat protein right after workout?
So this is just a video to pitch your product?
I remember being taught this when I worked at a moving company working 16hr+ days so we knew how much sleep to squeeze in to be at our best.. even if it was an hour and a half. Fucked up.. but cool to see it here! Lol  Anyway I started noticing this effect in terms of muscle growth last week. I busted my ass at work and the gym all week just to see my pump go away. Finally got some good sleep on Sunday and Monday I woke up and it was like it was all there!
If I remember correctly, this is the video that introduced me to your channel. Many thanks to say the least!
Jeff, I have a job with horrible hours. I sleep 5-7 hours a night and it's often interrupted.  I have seen gains though, although I feel like crap.
Greyt video dude!
What about napping?
Tips for insomnia?
I workout 3x/week, full body.. sleep around 5-6 hours @ night.. am i overtraining or not? Thanks in advance..
fully agree with this. I got good sleep for the first time in weeks and my squat power the next day went up 50 pounds.
What if my biological clock is off and I don't fall asleep until 4am
If I only sleep 4 1/2 hours a night but take about an hour nap in the middle of the day am I hurting my recovery?
I am insomniac.  Is there any sleeping pill you could recommend without the nasty side effects, or have memory problems in the future?  Thank you!
thanks for the amazing info! keep up the amazing work!
Jeff makes me workout so much more because I see FAST results! At age 43!
A Harvard study actually proved that test subjects who told themselves how big and strong they are getting while working out, got faster results than those that didn't.
I woke up swol af, wait that ain't a muscle...
now i know why i'm tired all the time thank you
Wow...
The irony of watching this at 3:30 in the morning is not lost on me
good job 😁
Up on till 4:19 u had me believing it.. then The selling point comes in atlean rx lol... it cant be good to have food in your body or even whey at night our organs need to rest..
Okay but I lost it when he said discombobulated and just slid it in there
Well that explains why I grave for beef jerky before going trump sleep
I hope you are a millionaire jeff you give all this knowledge to people i must say YOU are doing GODS work. God has blessed you look at your physique ans genetics. You have DNA that is rooted in gladiators im positive of it. Keep up the good work!
Fuck going to work today i'm going back to bed to make some gains.
So thankful I have found this YT channel! It's so smart and interesting, keep it up!
Don't worry, I spend most of my time in bed.
so should i wake up and eat every 90 minutes
Hey Jeff, I've trusted you on just about everything, but nutrition seems to be getting so complicated/simple? Some scientists are saying that it's FASTING that creates the growth hormone, ergo, wouldn't eating prior to bed prevent that fasted GH opportunity? Moreover, I've always believed in Casein, but since we weren't evolved to take in casein, is this just a matter of beating nature, or are we too arrogant and maybe missing the Forrest for the trees? For me, I've always kept carbs low to none outside veggies for Potassium, but I've found I've never needed carbs? You always say it what works for you, but in this case, GH is a BIG DEAL. So should we be feeding throughout the day like we've always been told, or do we allow and believe in scientists saying GH is released after fasting? Thanks! ,
It's funny I didn't know about these cycles but I can say that this is true when I wake up after 4.5hrs I weirdly feel better than when I get 8hrs. I thought I was strange this explain it all.
Jeff is like Bill Nye the workout science guy. I’m addicted to these videos. Anytime I need motivation to get to the gym, I watch a video related to the muscle groups I intend to train that day as I get my gym bag organized and the dog fed. Great to toss one or two videos on as I eat as well.
Curious question Jeff, I like your idea about the fact acting way protein and casein.  I'm curious though about that in conjunction with no eating before bed?  That in general ingesting anything spikes insulin in the body?  Which impedes fat burning?  Your thoughts?
Sleep cycle app wakes you up at the top of a sleep cycle.
I only watched 50% of the video because I got tired, and went to sleep.
In the beginning when he was showing trough the gym i was execting to find a bed Jeff pulled in before shooting haha
Jeff, how is your sleep now with the 2 little ones? I have a 2 month old and am only getting a few hours in a row if I'm lucky. Probably killing my gains.  Any tips on this topic?? I assume you're the guy to ask!
Sleeping and building muscle. Ez just think about lifting weight when you sleep walk. You will exercise while sleeping.
I have sleep apne, feel like shit all day everyday but still manage to grow when training and diet are on point. Would love to see the difference sleep would make to my workouts and gains and life in general.
has anyone ever slept so hard that once you wake up you got to take a nap right after that because you slept so hard?
Presence of insulin prevents the real of growth hormone. Don't eat before bed, unless it's straight up protein.
But is it true that mixing whey and casein.. basically makes it just a casein shake? Doesn’t mixing them together take away wheys ability to act fast?
What happens if you regularly have 1 and a half hour naps during the day as well as sleeping at night? does that mean that the beginning cycle where you have the most muscle growth hormones released would be doubled as your breaking your sleep up? To explain further, would the first 1&1/2 hour sleep cycle where the most muscle recovery hormones are released, would that be doubled if you sleep for 7&1/2 hours  and then in midday or afternoon, have a 1&1/2 nap? Thank you in advance to whoever responds
How could i make a why and casien protien blend? Could i just mix a half scoop of each together?
I have such a hard time sleeping, its wake sleep wake sleep every few hours, starting to think i shouldnt be working out untill i fix it
'Most likely you have it'
Hey Jeff, first let my say I’ve watched pretty much all of your videos for months, I don’ know why I didn’t come across this one until today. What I’m saying is I think you’re awesome and I follow almost every advice from you, so I hope you don’t take what I’m gonna say next the wrong way, it’s just a tip.  The thing is in this case you got it wrong. Deep sleep, or slow-wave sleep is one of the stages of the NON REM sleep, and it is in fact where the GH is exclusively liberated. The REM sleep is actually pretty superficial, it comes after the deep sleep. It’s the stage where we dream and most of our muscles are paralyzed (no sleep talking or sleepwalking here).   That’s all. Hope it doesn’t bother you. You are still the best.
Slight error, REM sleep is the stage when if you wake up you will feel rejuvenated and awake, NREM sleep is deep sleep, when you will feel groggy and tired of awoken. I realise its not that relevant Js.
What if one day Jeff wakes all his muscles are gone and he gets a double chin he would go crazy
REM sleep is distinct from deep sleep, which is a form of non-REM sleep (i.e. there's no such thing as "deep REM", unless you go back to Athens, GA), and it occurs at the end of the cycle, not in the middle. After the first cycle, REM effectively replaces Stage 1 sleep. So the cycles go like this:  Stage 1 NREM (light sleep) Stage 2 NREM (mixed sleep) Stage 3 NREM (deep sleep)  REM sleep (replaces stage 1) Stage 2 NREM (mixed sleep) Stage 3 NREM (deep sleep)  ... rinse and repeat  As the night goes on, Stage 3 sleep diminishes and REM sleep increases.
I sleep daily for 6 hours...and feel awesome.
Why am I just now learning about this???
I sleep 12-16 hours is that okay?
Wow watching this in 2017 and he looks way younger
Wanna have awesome sleep? Quit all stimulants and caffeine!! I quit caffeine and I sleep like a baby.. Caffiene destroyed my life and gains
Can I take multiple naps until I add up 8 hours?
While laying in bed, I like to meditate and envision and tell myself how much muscle I'm going to create while I'm sleeping. EVERYTHING starts with a vision!
Is there some tips you would give on the type of bed? Futon, as example.
Thanks this cleared up some questions I had. I would really like to know your opinion about the Doug McGuff training program.
Hey jeff, cristiano ronaldo sleeps 8hours a day and 1 hour nap 4 times during the day why?
good videos i wish the trainings programs where less expensive
At 4:50 What are goodprotein rich and nutrient filled food that are good  for this presleep you speak of
Do you think sleep cycle apps are a good tool?
What about 14 hours of sleep
I must always be in a deep sleep
Should you take each R.E.M. Rep to failure?
What about if you’re allergic to casein and all things wheat related? Which supplement do you recommend? Soy doesn’t work for me either.
This makes a lot of sense. Rest is one of the triangle sides of muscle growth.
What if you get indigestion if you eat anything before bed? And cannot stand whey protein anyway? Any suggestions on how to wake up at the right time of a sleep cycle? Perhaps waking naturally would work most of the time, but just to be more scientific... it would be good to have some tools.
This video affected my whole life literally! I love you Jeff
sleep cycle app
My mitsos rocks to the sky in the morning
This is one of the reasons why I subscribed. Very informative and fantastic training forms. Thanks!
Will number 4 surprise me?
HOW MANY HOURS SHOULD I SLEEP?
I'm watching this at 12:00 am and now I'm regretting it
Add some Whey protein in a glass of milk or simply mix Whey and Casein in water. Boom.
i would recommend the sleep cycle app. helps a lot
Welp.. I'm a mom and my 4 month old has been waking up 3-4 times through out the night. I always wake up half way through a sleep cycle when I start my day! Send HALP!!!
It's tiege Hanley
Jeff , i like the casien before bed but doesnt the combo with whey slow the absorbtion process of the whey. I thought casien doesnt react well with other proteins ? Thanks and keep up the great work !
It took my a week off to get stronger, but why???
Watching this at 4 am when I gotta get up at 8am :3
Im 65 and sleep 41/2 hrs every night , if I sleep longer , my back aches , my head throbs and I don't know where I'm at .
Protein before bed , can you recommend one ??
Great info, and well explained!
How can I experiment with my sleeping time? I can set an alarm, when to wake up, but I can't time when I fall asleep. Normally, it takes me anywhere from 10-30min to fall asleep, but it's frequent that I lay in bed for up to 1h...
It's not in this gym, or any gym. The chances are you have it.... Testosterone
Unfortunately I work overnights and can't sleep at all during the day. I sleep about 3 hours a day. How does this apply to people that work overnight?
Good info. Thanks for all your time, and what you do.
Hi Jeff, I'm wondering if I take a sleep aid will that help me maximize my GH release? In theory it should seeing as how I would be in the deep REM sleep for longer the first cycle... would love to know for sure.
So if I go to sleep at the gym I can make extra gains
"start off the sleep with the right nutrition" AKA NOTHING...unfortunately sleep is meant for sleep, its really bad for you to eat before bed. THis includes protein shakes. it interrupts sleep. @athlean-x look up traditional chinese medicine and the body clock - there are things that happen in the body at particular times. silly silly.
When we meet in gym, we don't talk about workout, we talk about memory foam mattresses
Can you burn more fat if you drink coffee before you go to sleep? Can drinking coffee before you sleep and improve muscle building benefits?
This is great ,, thanks for sharing!
Great info...✌️
is 7 hours of sleep enough
This is one of those things that you think you might have known but it still blows you mind anyway. Thanks a ton for this jeff. I'm going to implement a 7 1/2 hour sleep cycle now. 6 hours would have me going to bed too late for my wife to be happy about lol. I get up @ 5 everyday.
fuck its 2am
I live in a city where the humidity is TOO DAMN HIGH. So, I might sleep to gain muscle, and I will wake up like Hulk and everything, but I will be so tired from sleeping that I won't be able to work out properly the next day... Sigh...
Right time to take protien and how much?
You're my fucking hero Jeff! You inspire me to be just like you!
Good job coach 👍🏻 ✅
Yay I'm gunna be the most buff guy in the world now thank u, now I don't have to workout ever again
Jeff, what is good to eat before you go to sleep when you don't have the Athlean-RX supplements?
What about the guys who are doing graveyard shifts? Since hormones are high during the night helping to build muscle how does it relates to guys working during the night and sleep during the day?
jeff, i love training hard, any way i can train hard and long ? i feel like poop 40 minutes into intense workout but i push thru for another hour or so working on weak points because i love the gym  any advice on how to keep energy up for this lengh of time though?
I've taken psychology and all these on sleeping is very true. Great video.
keep it up. im watching all your vids
What supplement do you recommend for that first rem cycle? I use Muscle Tech, Nitro Tech Nighttime.
That was very very helpful thanks Jeff!
Why the fuck didn't they teach about these 1 1/2 hour sleep cycles in school!? o.0 When I was in school, and even these days, I had extreme troubles getting up sometimes. This right here should be taught in pre school lol...
R.E.M. Sleep is NOT deep sleep. R.E.M. Is Rapid Eye Movement and is a very light sleep and is your dreaming state.
Use SleepBot app
Watching this at 1:00 AM
HEY GUYS HELP. So I am considering myself skinny fat rn 56 kgs and 171 cm i have bmi of 19 but I have man boobs and love handles but shows a lot rib cages and my back is skinny you could see my spine and shoulders wings. I dont have muscles. What should I mostly focus on? Only grow muscles or grow muscles and focus on eating to lose fats? I want to have good chest what can i do to fix my hour glass body
I wish we had such a channle for women. Of course some things arent any different because we are all human but theres still a lot that women would want to do different. For example the simple fact that most would not want to train their chest musculature as much as men for obvious reasons. - as a women i still watch these amazing videos of athean X because i get all the physiological background information that most fitness channles forget about.
a 2013 video that's still helpful.
i workout on alternative days lyk monday - chest and triceps, Wednesday - back and triceps, friday - shoulders and legs. If i take my protein supplements on these days, is it going to be helpful or not ? please help me.
im 14 and I do pull ups push ups and dips and other activity exercise ill sleep at 9:30 .but sometimes I try to fucking sleep but its not working i want sleep!
So do I have to go above my calorie limit when I take the protein??
Magnesium Glycinate before going to bed will have you sleep like a baby.
I slept 9 hours today ironically and felt amazing.
if i just go to sleep and wake up when it naturaly happend is it good or i should put alarm for the 7,5 or 9 hours of sleeping
Is it really impossible to burn fat and build muscle simultaneously?
bro, my friend woke me up in my deep sleep , like i hadnt really slept really good for the past 2 days and when he woke me up, i fucking threw him and beat the shit out of him. "he was like you got raided in clash of clans"
Then why my sister isn't a bodybuilder yet
What about afternoon sleeps?
I better go back to bed then
$60 dollers for protein fuck that, and you instructors wonder why the majority of the population are fat.
Isn't it that you defeat the advantage of the whey protein when you mix it with casein? That fast acting protein will get trapped with the clumps of casein being digested in your stomach...
I just realized that when I sleep with no alarms I almost always wake up around 9 /10:30 or  12 and I never thought any thing about it till I watched this video. This is if I go to sleep at 12 o clock ish
how bout intermittent fasting?
great video
IS SLEEP IMPORTANT SINCE WHILE THEN WE BURN LESS CALORIE EVEN OUR BRAIN CONSUMES LESS SAME CALORIE THAT WE HAVE TO LET GO OFF WHILE AWAKE WE ARE
I know a fair amouont abut the human body and you always get those things just right.  Makes it much easier to believe the sstuf about muscle building that I know litle about.  I'm usig your advice a lot.
Its funny how No video talks about what if u work at night
what if you wake up in the middle of the night and then fall asleep again like 5 min later. does the sleep cicle start all over again or does it continue?
is ZMA healthy for recovery
From now on i am shutting down my ambitions in a gym. I would rather sleep to build me muscles .
i know this, when you dreaming fall or hit something then you woke up, so that's muscle build..
2 mins to get into the video Disliked
Since I sleep 6 hours every night, do I have to go to bed 10 mins earlier? Because if I go to bed and have exactly 6 hours and I takes me 10 mins to fall asleep I would have a total time of 5:50 which means I wake up in the middle of a deep sleep cycle.. am i rite?
Remember to take Zinc, B6-vitamin and Magnesium + Casein and Whey + Omega-3s + Water before bed.
with steroids you dont need to sleep... 😅😏
so what should you eat before you go sleep then ? a fast acting protein ?
bull fucking shit everyone says sleep sleep, duhhh who the fuck doesnt sleep , i ive training for 3 years eating like a cow, sleeping 10 hours a day everyday and i still look like shit
Jeff, you're the fucking best. Thank you!
No biting teeth( last 7-9 years dentures don'#t work ) and sleep problems even before this am recovering from mild PTSD9 council ghetto bullies  , my GP and i are perplexed , moved to a quiter place , may have mild apnoea , you are right the first cycle seems the most imp ie be very relaxed paradoxically i think this is due to brain wave patterns ie stimulus and stress prior to sleep disrupt them yes protein is a factor also body temp and of course clear airways ie if I feel CO2 builds up the hypothalmus will quickly alert you to this and send you up through the cycles in reverse order, So Yes am waiitng to see a speciliist, but the NHS is strapped for cash poor sleep has undermined my life to such an extent Ive adapted though , but still as a last resort ill wake say 4am and then after a Roibosh meditate this always seems to work cycles go below 4 hz and sleep for the last cycle is good , any help ? SLEEP is really imp especially as our bodies age , me a tall, Yogi , innovator with Weights and free style you name it at 6'4" , my running is proving very difficuilt to crack, again legs feel heavy and get out of brethe but gradually am improving , was very fit in my twenties  but my upper body have never been stronger .  God Bless R
Ever tried Bi-phasic sleep cylces so you can get lots of rest and keep your nutrients up while you sleep?
Go to bed have a dream about working out ..... wake up with all kinds of gainz
Athlean is my health teacher now
No one YouTube gives real information it's just bullshit the whole time
mostly everyday I take off myshirt and look at my body to see if I lose anything yet. but like during the day my stomache gets flabby, and then when I go to sleep then wake up, my stomache is like flat then gets big again.
In before someone's local gym has a bed
i want so sleep for 6 hrs only. how do we do that?
Can I just sleep and wake after 3 days with  muscles 😂😂
Who else is watching this really late at night with class the next morning?
Great video, Love it!
Makes sense, i just woke up nd now i cant sleep again after 1.5 hrs 😪
Good Sir You  Are Worth Your Weight In GOLD!
I work out very hard and am probably the healthiest eater at my entire highschool, but my gains are so much less than the other guys that workout because I probably get only 5 hours a night :(
If I sleep for a year will I be as ripped as you?
is it right to train everyday? and sleep near 8 hours ? I sleap close to 8 hours
thank you for the great insight ! I lyk  it 👍🏽
Jeff has helped me so much. What a Legend!
Does this go for strength too?
Save your time just get good sleep
I often wake up after like 5-6 hours but then sleep for a couple more I cant sleep for 9 hours straight without waking up, is this a bad thing?
One question: What about power naps? Don't they help out too?
does carbs affect GH before bed?
Cool. Finally someone who confirms this 90 minute sleep cycle idea. When I talk about it with people they always react like I don't know nothing.
"Sleep is where you're gonna build muscle"; what the hell... This is something I should've learned in Health class or at _least_ P.E.; there's so much I don't know about the body.
A have just started working out! And a had a good workout the other night! And went to bed at 10.30pm got up at 5.15 as my job is an early start and when a went to work a felt active and energetic and very happy! And weirdly a can generally relate to this sleep pattern! Your video's are great! Keep up the good work! 👍
So this is why I'm fucking pissed in the morning all the time
Ok so Im gonna work out in my sleep Nice got it
Thank you for the good info keep it up motivates me got my son following you too
Jeff, REM sleep IS the light sleep between the deep sleep states. The deep sleep states where GH is released are called deep sleep or stage 3 and stage 4 sleep.
The sleep cycle should be taught in elementary school. That would have saved me so much angry mornings. Now I know why sometimes i can get by w/ less sleep and be better off! The muscle building is a smooth bonus!
What about cannabis? I know it changes the REM
I just wanted to share this if anyone needs help with this. This isn't a promotion, but I been using this free app called sleepytime and it sets the alarm on your smartphone to wake you up when you're at the top of your sleep cycles and it makes this much easier.
Is it better to work out at night or in the day?
This guy is such a professional. Love this guy 👍
Will naps in the middle of the day work the same way? Or does it have even better impact on muscle growth. Arnold swq said that he napped every day.
What a great video ! thanks !
So this sorta explains that the reason why I'm shorter than average has todo with the fact that I didn't sleep much in adolescence?
I want to build muscle but problem is I have to work night shift till end of the month. I always try to get enough sleep but how many hours in minimum and also when to take sleep for let say I'm back home every 7am?
Jeff thank you so much for the videos, so helpful 👌💪
chicken 3 hours before bed = whey at bedtime?
does this mean the best time to workout is right before bead
Your videos really do help
So this means going to sleep multiple times a day would be more beneficial as for the amount of growth hormones being released?
Can I train 7 times a week with calisthetics? any suggestions?
If you're from Germany, you just eat your Magerquark in the evening and that's it.
steroids
good
awesome
damn, very much advertising lately.
mate desi ghee kha then bata 6 months baad athlean x
I have learned so much from this channel.
Hey Jeff, I am a kinda skinny guy and I really want to build my upper body especially my chest. Alpha M. Recommended that you Should only work on one body part once a week. I just wanted to know your thoughts on this? I really appreciate your feedback. Love your videos Jeff.
Fascinating
Thanks so much for this man, You fucking rock
yeah
People who sleep 7 hours a day live longer than people who sleep 8 hours a day.
Excellent info!
plz subtitle for indians.
Intensely masterbate until the sun rises.
Should I start with 5 sets of 5 reps (80%Rm)?
thank you so much!!! I was wondering why I felt like crap this week as I was getting a half hour more each night than I usually do! haha this is very helpful
iam 14 i have join gym 1 month ago
what about 20 min power naps? I always feel great after a 20 30 min nap mid day if necessary
What about napping, how does it fit into this picture of anabolism?
love this guy.
So would it be a good idea to drink whey protein before I go to bed. That way I got plenty protein in my deep sleep stage?
watching 4 years later
Jeff, iam a police officer and work rotation shifts. Every 2 weeks I change, I will never be able to sleep like this. I do a ton of HIIT and eat healthy, anything else I can do to help
Rapid eye movement sleep (REM) is not deep sleep.
You really break things down to a science, appreciate it.
Good...
Again with that crooked wall. My OCD is reaching a new level, Jeff!
a sleep cycle?! what are we, fuckin robots?
Damn I wake up at the top of the sleep cycles anyways.  I guess next time if I wake up not long before my alarm goes off for work, I'll just get up early.
I have no chance of sleeping uninterrupted. because I have to wake up at least twice a night to look after a baby. What should I do? And I train at home.
My insomnia says fuck my gains
Sir I have a question for you   While doing a work out of any exercise doing it in a fast formation is good or doing slow formation is good?
I suppose the hard thing about the protein side of this is on the days where I don't workout because I can't eat more than 2000 calories on those days and that's pretty hard to do with having (1) Breakfast, (2) Lunch, (3) Dinner, and (4) A snack somewhere between either due to how much I need to limit in either of those three things not to hit over 2000 calories for the day. I suppose my key question is how many calories less can I consume than I burn while making sure it was still beneficial to maybe drink a protein shake before bed? In my case, if I burned 2400 calories and was at 2000 calories consumed and the protein shake would add 150 calories, is it still OK to do that because I heard that you want to consume 500 less calories than you burn on a regular basis?
What if you wake up during "deep sleep" because your body needs to take a piss? Your sleep is still interrupted right?
Does it matter when u sleep at night when its dark and when u sleep during the day ?
So you should eat casein mixed with whey before bed?
Hello! I read articles that say a lot about not eating before sleeping because it interfieres with muscle growth and in this video you say to drink something. If i work out late and wait an hour to go to sleep after protein shake "because I waiting for my body to digest the shake" then I should just go to sleep? I am confused, thank you!
Bruhh if u want us to go to bed then stop uploading
Thank you for existing. I am assuming many people intuitively feel bits and pieces of the topics you touch, but you are the first to put it all together and feed it - to me at least- in a straightforward, understandable way. Once again, you deserve every success, don't  wear the shirt if you don't want, but keep on doing what you do!
summary: SLEEP!
can I sleep always to get big dick?
what do u think of test booster to help u, I am 37 yrs old
damn the comment section in this channel is fckd up because of this guys with funny comments 😂😂😂
I like the you break it down step by step from a to z. There's definitely nobody like you that i know of. Keep up the great work.
Really good explanation of sleep cycles. Now I know why I sometimes feel rested when I sleep less!
How do you sleep if you are always having existential thoughts racing in your mind?
In the thumbnail looks like he's looking at the god of GAINZ!!
I am lean can't even do 3 push ups pls help I don't have a gym here . can I build myself at home
Who else is watching this at 3 in the morning?
So take a scoop of whey protein followed by another scoop of casein??? 🤔
I work at army so what if I'm sleeping at 8 or 9pm and waking up at 2 or 3am is that enough sleep or not 😩
Waste of my time cuz i got 6 jobs and i dont get tired... I dont get tired get get tired.
wish i could like this vid 10 times
I can approve the sleep cycles, since I swapped my coconut matrasse to a regular spring matrasse I wake up 3 or 4 times during my entire sleep.
what if you can only get 6 hours sleep cause I get up at 3 or 4 every morning for work I get home at 3 cause picking up kids from school?  I have my own gym room but by time I get home I'm wore out I have to take preworkout to get moving
Great stuff! 👌
how much avg hours of sleep do we require?
t&is one is disappoints me, there's some bro science for ya.
So can I bench press my bed to build chest muscle?
What should I do? I'm in middle school, I don't have much equipment, and I'm "husky" I guess. 115 lbs 5" tall. I want to burn fat but at the same time I don't want to gain too much muscle weight. Thanks
it's true! I woke up with bigger... oh wait that's morning wood.
smoke weed before bed and you'll have perfect sleep every time
I take 4gm of high quality amino acid whenever I wake up in the middle of the night and first thing in the morning before my coffee. Actually making and drinking a full protein shake at 3am is a bit much.
thanks man
what was the part about taking protein before going to bed? do you mean like drinking shakes or just eating a lot of peanut butter for example
an ab routine my bad this video is very helpful
I still really need a video on an work or an an routine I'm 17 I've been trying for 3 years I need help
Song at the end?
I've noticed that ever since I've been working out it makes me sleep longer lol anyone else ?
What song do you use for your intro and outro? I really like it
Nice video Jeff
But eating fast acting protein like whey will raise your insulin level , Raising insulin level lowers GH level, And that's not what you want to recover and feel rested when you wake up,  You should take slow acting protein , like eggs or casein and not a big amount  and take it at least an hour before bed, I prefer 2 hours before bed so you can pee because that also can wake you up before completing your needed sleep hours.
in the beginning I was just screaming  "BED...ITS A BED"
SO WHAT DO WE NEED TO DO? HOW DO WE BUILD MUSCLE OVER NIGHT????
Hey I'm 12 and very sporty I was wondering if you could do a video how people my age could build muscles
I slept two hours last night.
I wonder if that is why the old timers back in the day used to tell me to wake up in the middle of the night and drink a protein shake.?
Jeff, if we don't use supplements is there a good food or combination of foods to eat before bed to get a similar effect?
haha is anyone else watching this video at 3 in the morning😂
How about if you have normal whey protein before bed?
I have tried this. If I sleep for exactly six hours. I feel SLEEPY AF. and my whole day i feel weak and groggy, and the next day I cannot work out properly. I need that 7hrs minimum. and 7.5 hrs max if i sleep 8-9 then sleeping again becomes difficult the next night.
I need 10.5h of sleep :(
Soo 6 hours sleep is enough? don't    you need at least 7-8 hours of sleep?
Thank you Jeff
I'm in the process of losing weight, and I'm well on track. I lost 10lbs in 30 days. I have 14lbs more to go, I normally workout late and go straight to bed after I normally do not eat. After watching the video, you recommended having a healthy protein before bed. Should someone in my case follow these instructions to gain muscle. I started at 224lbs I'm 214lbs now I'm 6'1 so I need the protein?
Does being non-vegetarian help in any way in training in contrast to vegetarianism ?
Hey Jeff cavalier I was wondering is Intermediate Fasting diet work I hear fasting help With insulin and helps combat Aging making your skin youthful here is the site http://www.collective-evolution.com/2015/02/05/why-restricting-your-eating-time-period-to-8-hours-will-transform-your-health-fitness/
I do about 7 kettle ball swings and Then 7 burpees then rest one min and then go 6 then rest and so forth till I reached 1 rep  it helps burn calories while you sleep before you go to bed. Also this Guy here knows what he's talking about I follow this Guy for my muscle building Tips and studying to become a physical therapist. Jeff cavalier You are awesome﻿
I m watching this video at 4 am
is a couple of cans of tuna count as a fast acting protein?
What would be the latest recommended time before going to bed for drinking a protein shake?
I have a hard time knowing how much to eat before bed and how soon before bed to eat. Too much too late = bad sleep. Too little too soon = going to bed feeling hungry and unable to sleep because I know its not good for my muscles. Where's the sweet spot for time and the recommendation for someone who's digestive track gets upset easily?
this channel give me so much motivation, thank you so much. i am a little overweight like 15pounds which is not much, i dont want big muscle, just confortable body i guess, and this helped me. not just this video but all of them. the professionalism helps a lot, i used to do so many wrong things before which i corrected but most of it was corrected by those information from this channel props.   you can find the information on the web or in books but this is great channel. if someone has another source please share but this one is tops tops IMO  grats, thx
does this mean to drink protein shakes before bed?
I'm curious about strength increase for anyone who knows. Is there a cap/limit to human strength? Will there be a point where you really can't gain strength? And if there is, would proteins help to increase that limit, or will your body just never get stronger?
wow cool, I got about this in class (Psychology), the cycle Jeff speaks about is called the circadiane rythm. The cool thing about this is, that when in those Deep (REM) sleep peaks, a gland inside the brain secretes DMT, besides all other hormones afcourse. Inside the hypothalamus there's a dot called the Superachiasmatic nucleus; this nuclei is sensitive to light. In the cycles described by Jeff, the REM (Rapid Eye Movement) stage only takes up about 5 minutes. As he further describes, this cycles repeats itself 4 times; culminating in a total of 20 minute of profound deep sleep. Here is where it gets crazy: study has shown when a person is deprived of sensory stimuli (light, sound etc.) the brains frequency decreases. the main frequencies of the brain are; bèta frequency (waking state; associated with stress), alpha frequency (associated with relaxation), thèta frequency (associated with sleep) and delta frequency (associated with profound deep sleep). Meditation for examples has proven itself a worthy manner of depriving the brain of sensory data in a save and healthy manner. Moreover, the studies show that meditation decreases brain activity beyond a point of selfperception. These altered states of mind correspond with the profound (REM) deep sleep periods of the circadiane rythm. The conclusion is, meditating twice a day for a minimum of 20 minutes may produce a similar-to- REM-sleep-peripheral (hormonal)-effect.
Yea word
I've been intense lifting/bodybuilding now for about 10 years and I can tell you the best way to get big is deer antler giz
Deep sleep is REM sleep? Are you sure about that Jeff?
I sleep 6,5 -7,5 hours, sometimes wake up feeling rested enough but sometimes feel shit. So it means I need to focus on sleeping 7,5. Ok, I'll try that :)
if anyone disagrees tell me
dam i get little sleep. maybe 2hrs at the most and i actually try to sleep
Less than 8 hours just doesn't do it for me. It sucks in many ways though. Gets in the way of other things :(
So ironic that I'm watching this in the middle of the night ._.
gooоd
so in theory, you could take protein, nap for an hour, wake up, work out, protein, nap, over and over and get huge
I hate the days that I have no energy so I end up sleeping longer and just have a lack of energy the whole day so working out becomes a lot more difficult
Cottage cheese and peanut butter before bed.
Building muscle on a NIGHTLY!
Is whey also good before sleep?
Ever since I started working out, about 7 months ago, I have made sure to get at least 7 hours of sleep. I usually get 8 and sometimes 9.
Jeff u r right. I actually am doing this unintentally form a while now and gaining muscles. I just didn't knew the reason. Good to know this.
Lol just stop
Damn good info on sleep cycles!
Light sleep is REM sleep. The top of the peaks would be REM.
I'm gonna convert this video to a "go to sleep" alarm. I always have so many things to do in the evening...
Combined whey and casein? Sounds like milk.
i have a hard time falling asleep. any help with that
Anyone else watching this at 12am?
wow, this is the first time i see someone using the word discombobulated lol
Is nonfat greek yogurt okay instead of casein protein since its 80% casein anyway?
does working 3rd shift effect building muscle
What if I am intolerant to milk an milk extract.?
Use the sleep cycle app!
Is the myth that says that sleep after 12 is not good,Or not restful,Or not as good as if i would ve gone to sleep earlier true?
So would milk be a great thing to consume before bed since it's a combination of casein and whey? It seems by your assessment.
I just wake up whenever my "body tells me to wake up". I have no alarm. I don't know if that is ok lol. I feel good and well rested when i wake up!
one word AMAZING, thanks
add lucid dreaming too :v
Well this would explain why in college I would always prefer sleeping for about 3, 4, or 6 hours... lol. Not pleasant though!
I keep telling my boss to move the start time out another 30 minutes for my sleep cycles.  Will he listen?  No.
can your sleep cycle change? if i constantly wake up in deep sleep will my body adapt?
does it matter the hours i go to sleep? like i go to sleep at 3-4 am till 11-12. is it ok?
hey Jeff, how to know that we are under training? everyone talks of over training. but how to know that we are not giving our best?
If I constantly wake up in the middle of the night, will downing some NyQuil/zzzQuil help me out? I know it will knock me out but I'm unsure of whether it will disrupt or block REM sleep and if it it'll mess with that GH release(s).
very useful piece of advice :-)
smart asf 😃
I go to the gym later on in the evening and come back home late at night. Do I have to go sleep straight away after gym for my body to recover? I usually watch tv for few hours then go sleep when I'm really tired.  Is this okay or will affect my grown hormone during sleep ?
nice one!
I have chronic insomnia and depression :(((((((((((
does this mean working out at night is better than in the morning
do you really need caseine before bed ? i read on bodybuilding.com that it's not having constant levels that matter but quick accelarations
what's the minimum time that doenst threaten muscle growth ? (of sleep)
the link to the bulking and cutting doesnt work
i go to gym just to sleep great advice haters tell me to get off the bench because i am not doing anything..
But Jeff spend 7 hours in bed. that's in the middle of a sleep cycle if he falls asleep instantly.
Sorry but i think this video as well as many of your other videos has bad audio quality. Maybe consider getting yourself a microphone or other equipment
I have a sleep disorder, narcolepsy, so my sleep cycle is a bit different than this. Any ideas of how so?
Whatever this guy says I do and believe it he is a beast
Hopefully this helps to get more energy.
your not a scientist... jeez
All these athletes, wrestlers ect that are in tremendous shape travel so much. Always talking about how they barely sleep
I like this guy but he really reaches in a lot of his videos. Like he has 50 videos of how to build muscle and if you mess up one (like sleep 6 hours not 8) you'll ruin all your hard work you put in during the day lol cmon man.
so the largest amount of hormon gets releast during the first 1.5h of sleep , what if i sleep for 1.5h then wake up be awake for about 3h and then go back to sleep again will the same amount be released in the frist 1.5h or does that hormon need longer to refuel?
Is there food that consists of fast protein?
I just eat 1-2 eggs and/or nuts before I go to bed. I'm intensifying my training from week to week and when I feel that I've reached my limit I will start taking supplements.
does this mean after every 90 min i should wake up so i get the most hormone release?
I could have slept for ten minutes instead of watching this video.
What ratio of casein to whey, before bed?
I'm a six our sleeper. Any more and I feel tired.
Fascinating. Thank you.
great videos but the intro and outro is waaaaaaaaaaay too loud
So how many hours of sleep?
Does this mean I should throw my alarm clock out the window?
this guy is my new hero xD
Would Phase 8 supplementation fit with this concept? Since it has quick absorbable protein (hidrolized) and drops down to the slowest kind of protein/casein (it has like 7 kinds of protein from super fast to super slow ratio) ?
So do naps in the day help build muscle as well?
Do the hours of sleep start at the time you get into bed? Because we all know we don't immediately fall asleep once we get into bed, it takes like 10 to 20 minutes or mabye more.
I wish it was easy as letting my head hit the pillow to fall asleep. 95% of the time, I can't get my brain to shut up, and stop thinking. I think this is why my muscles don't grow very much. I'll lay down to go to sleep, and sit there for sometimes 30 - 60 minutes, most of the time I won't fall asleep for 2 - 5 hours and it causes me to get less sleep. My body usually likes getting 9 hours of sleep, but it doesn't help when I don't fall asleep until 3:00am and have to wake up at 7:00 or 8:00 in the morning.
REM isn't deep sleep. Deep sleep occurs in the middle of your sleeping, REM occurs at the end and is stage 5 of the sleep cycle (REM is about the last 20 minutes of the 90 minute cycle). REM means Rapid Eye Movement and it's when you have your dreams as the brain interprets the movement of the eye as images, hence why we often had strange dreams.
This B.S., I have a bed in the gym.
no wonder my calves wont grow! im off to bed
Arnold is on roids
I get it but when you have a new born baby it's hard
Great video.... I understand now ...thank you
whenever i have a shoulder day , my shoulders are supposed hav cramps but i always get cramps on lats too!
I lol' irl when he called the bed "equipment"
It's called REM cycle. This is interesting.
Saa
i cant get on my bed your fat momma is on there right now .....right babe?
how many hours per night of sleep do you recommend? And when is the best time to hit the sack? 10 pm?
There's literally an app on the iPhone and android that is called "sleep cycle", its a smart alarm clock that tracks movement and wakes you during your lightest phase like jeff was talking about. highly recommended.
Great videos!
does everyone have 90 minute sleep cycles or is there individual variations?
Interesting
I love your videos Jeff they are so educational, you've perfected the marketing too, I can't help but click on and watch them.  Often it distracts me from my other work but it's nearly always worth it.
I recall Skip La Cour of AST writing he doesn't belief you need much sleep to build muscle and he was living proof of that since he only slept around 4  hours most night.  I need at least 7 to 8 to function optimally.  Whats your take on that Jeff?
Jeff, I started hearing about this 20 years ago then it seemed like this information got pushed down by the industry that wanted to get big, get lean overnight. it's good to hear someone is putting the science back into training. I'm in my forties now and will start doing this again, thank you for all you do.
whey and casein are garbage. raw spinache is the shit if you want to build some QUALITY muscle that doesnt get all stiff and sore but just has nutritious blood flowing all over the place
this dude hasta stop uploading videos. I cant stop watching them and it kees me up all night bc of all his genius advice
this video reminds me of the Macauly Bulkin 4Chanpost
30 or 40mins before sleep i make shake out of peanut butter, greek yogurt and whey. so no need to waste my time on this. and i sleep on average 6,5 to 7 hours a day on a week night.
I'm sitting here at 3am watching this...
Gosh, so many different opinions out there.  AthleanX recommends mixing Whey and Casein but Bodybuilding . com recommends not mixing them because Casein coagulates in the body (slow digesting), nullifying the fast-acting effects of Whey...  So who do you listen to...? aiyeee...
Hey Jeff any recommendations on a good casein protein blend? Or any food that works in the same way?
Man... I get woken up frequently by either: kid 1, kid 2 or the cat.
i knew my p90x was a good buy .... wait what ??
11 pm time to go to bed.  Turns on a game. Opens Athlean X's video about sleeping. shuts down the game.
Coach Cav you're the best!
Could you please put the link to related videos that you mention down below? Sometimes it is hard to find them. Thanks.
very informative. ...keep up the good work...
Sir .... !!  Hats off to you !! This videos is very vital for muscle growth...... And you are the first trainer i have seen up till now who focusses on the science behind this whole workouts.... thx for sharing your knowledge!!
dangit, i said the ab wheel was the most effective muscle tool
its simple..do weights in your sleep
its simple..do weights in your sleep
Isn't Casien poison for humans? That's what we learn in nutrution school in Sweden. Whey = positive cell structure, Casien = gives bad cell structure. I cutt off Casien years ago when I learned that and never felt better since
I was actually feeling bad because I slept for 3 hours after training, this is definitely good news!
Always great info cheers
does having pre-bed high carb meal interfere with GH release?
I have babies at home who wake up several times throughout the night, requiring me to feed/change/soothe them.  They certainly don't wait for me to be at my peak. So does this reset my sleep cycle every time I go back to bed, or do I pick up where I left off?
If you release the most growth hormone early, wouldn't it be best to wake up about every 90 minutes and go to sleep again?
ah, rested benefits. +10% exp for 12 hours, right?
You Make SENSE........ respect (Y)
Thanks for being real with this stuff Jeff!
you cant ask "which one of THESE pieces of equipment" and then say "it is not in this gym".  no need for rethorical tricks
For everyone who have a sleeping problem get Melatonin.
Here is an app that tracks your sleep cycle by measuring noises and movements during sleep (you have to lay your phone beside you in bed). It'll wake you up at the right moment. You just have to say what time you have to be up and it will wake you at the end of the last sleep cycle before that. It's really awesome! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.urbandroid.sleep&hl=nl
So hypothetically, would a 6 hour night and 1.5 hour nap be more effective than just 8 ish hours a night?
Whey and 2 tubs of cottage cheese with cinnamon before bed is what its about
What about taking a one hour to one and a half hour nap after a work out? BTW I'm an older dude in my late sixties.
You can build muscle in bed multiple ways. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
sometimes when i take a nap for 1-2 hours i wake up, don't know what time, day, year it is, don't know where i am and what's my name
I like the intro on this one. Jeffs like, riddle me this, riddle me that... haha
I sleep in a bath of whey protein
*Here are some tips for falling asleep faster:* - Don't eat or drink sugary shit in the evening. No fruit juice, no cookies, etc. Drink water, for example. - Don't be in a brightly lit room during the last hour before you're going to bed. It messes with your natural melatonin, sleep cycle hormone. Dim the lights or switch them off.  - Don't watch TV in that last hour... It sucks though. You can also maybe adjust the brightness of the screen.  - Don't play stimulating games or watch stimulating shit on tv in that last hour. - Brush your teeth in the dark instead of in a brightly lit bathroom.  - If you have to use your computer late in the evening, dim the brightness of the screen. You may also want to install a blue light filter program such as F.Lux (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) - Install a blue light filter on your phone and switch it on in the evening (!!!!!!!!!) - no cafeine after 2-3 o'clock in the afternoon. +No stimulating preworkout in the evening? - Don't exercise too late.   Light is a very important factor! If it's dark outside but it's light inside your house you're messing with your NATURAL sleep hormone cycle! Melatonin release in the brain is related to the abscence of blue light. Sunlight contains blue light, and so do TV's, PC's, smartphones... You're fooling your brain, making it think it's still daytime!
I do 3 hours after school then 4.5 during the night. Works great
I love people who take interest and become amazing at their jobs.  This guy is a prototype of that.
REM is actually the top of the sleep cycle when you are closest to bring conscious.
i sleep 9-10 hours
what if you take 3 hour naps??
i sleep 6-8 hours and on weekends only 4-5 hours is that normal okey?
"there is no hope for a civilization that starts each of their days at the sound of an alarm clock "   - Anonymous author.
Jeff is too much sleep bad for building muscle?
thumbs up for pre-sleep nutrition.  Thanks.
I think I understand what you're saying Jeff however sleeping whilst cycling sounds inherently dangerous to me. ;-)
Huh, so this only means that having 7 to 8hrs of sleep is the only thing you need, and it doesn't matter what time of the day u sleep. I usually sleep late, like 3am or something, and wake up at 11 or 12pm. So I'm actually doing it right. :D
errr... I thought REM phases are actually the opposite of deep sleep cycles?
very very interesting for I don't get enough rest and bust my ass in the gym on top doing construction work got to master this shit cause I actually love it
can I mix whey protein and casein in my pre-bed shake?
well tis video is definitely right,good thing i always sleep 8 hrs a day,maintained my calorie intake for the whole day,do my 1 hour exercise after my work.and i gain 2kg every month now.from 66kg on december, now im 73kg this march going 74kg..my only supplements is 10 eggs a day,6 capsules of bcaa (3 on after my work out then another 3  if i wake up in the middle of the night) i start gaining weight when i try to get 8 -9 hrs of sleep start on dec. which means no more hanging outs and video gaming with friends,
Hi from argentina. What do you think about "foam roller". And I dont know if you a vídeo about massage after the gym or something like that. I hope you have time to answer my question . Cheers !
name of the song please ? and good vid thanks
that is true
good video!
What if you take 1.5 hour naps during the day. Do you still get that extreme hormonal release?
I'm watching this when I should be sleeping.
"I got the tshirt here.. I got the whiteboard.. it´s getting serious today"  <-- haha very good :D
am i the only one that only sleeps like 4 hours a day😂?
I remember once, after this vid I was so obsessed with going to sleep at a time where I'd sleep either 6 or 9 hours til school, I fucked myself up! (I didn't pay attention for some reason to the fact that he said 7.5 hours would also do) like in the morning I felt pretty good, but in school I kept sleeping... gladly I'm not following this type of sleep anymore, I try to get 9 hours though...
So if i workout 3-4 day´s per week and have a physical work and have a good diet in background, is the 6,5-7 h sleep enough to build mass?
People in history used to have more smaller sleeps. Rather than one big one like we do now. Looks like there was a good reason.
If you sleep and wake up automatically did you wake up at the top of the cycle then? :)
This is very clever, nice!
This man knows his stuff. For a whole 3 months during swim season I would wake up at 4:50-5am after going to sleep at around 1-2am. I always felt energized and well rested and could get all the way through my day while getting a quick 1hr nap in anywhere between 3-6pm.   The most important thing that I've taken from most of Jeff's videos is that you need to experiment with things. Creativity along with a good scientific understanding can go a long way
For the Ultimate Anabolic sleep session take zquil with melatonin ,works like a charm.
Hi, what are your thoughts about the effect on sleeping pills and releasing grow hormone. Sorry for my bad English, I'm Dutch.
isn't interesting that this dude says you have to eat all day long to build muscle but also says you build muscle while you're asleep when obviously you're not eating
So alarm clocks really are bad, I knew it!
My work schedule is all messed up.  So I don't go to the gym until around 10:30pm everyday.  Then come home around 12am shower go to sleep around 1 and wake for work at 6:30.  So yea I'm fucked
Great tips Jeff! So would I be okay if I just took any regular Whey protein or Casein powder before bed?
Rem does not occur immediately after falling asleep, but after around 70 minutes. Not sure if this was mentioned in the video.
so according to this, the 8 hours of sleep would not be a good timeframe
Sleep disruption is the worst part of being a firefighter.  Nothing is every set, and can really attack my results.
Great information! Something really important to widen the spectrum of knowledge of muscle growth.
There is an app called Sleep Cycle that helps with getting a good nights rest! Based on sensing mattress vibration, it's alarm sounds when you are in a light sleep phase within a range of time suitable for you. It also provides analyzation that resembles Jeff's diagram here! I always feel well rested when I remember to set Sleep Cycle
What if you don't wake up??
Jeff is such a class act.  Good dude.
During the week i have to wake up at 7:00am and i always go to bed at 00:00am so this is only 7 hours sleep a day... Should i be going to bed earlier??
maybe ill just wake up when i ...wake up.
there is an app called sleep cycle that will do the waking on correct time for u
Stop reading and go to sleep, this is our last hope.
Intersting, I usually sleep 6hrs when I'm away working and 9 when I'm off. More great info from Jeff!!
Deep sleep and REM sleep are not the same thing, and have different benefits.
This is a very awesome video. Thanks so much.
Hey i wanted to ask a question.... When is the best time to exercise in the whole day...... Please pleaseeeeeee answer this question pleaseeeeeeeee💪🏻🙏🏼
As a person with sleep apnea I know first hand how important sleep is this is spot on. Awesome video!  Jeff are you a believer in HIT. heavy-duty style workouts? I know you advocate failure sets and rest pauses. Do you think that the volume as low and as infrequent as those advocated in these type of workouts can cause hypertrophy and does AthleanX have routines similar to those of Arthur Jones or Mike Mentzer?
No sex
Hi Jeff, I am a 14 year old boy that is looking to build muscle. I am pretty skinny for which I am 5'10 and a half and 135 pounds. I eat a lot but don't seem to build size. Right now I can't use my right arm because it is recovering from a fracture. I was wondering if you could give me a workout plan that I can do with my legs. Get back to me if you can, thanks.
Summary: Get enough sleep as your muscles repair itself during deep REM sleep.  Saving you time. Thank me later :)
If I want to increase my hormones for gaining mass should I not choke my chicken?
"all day long" does not equal sleeping.  Misleading title
I've heard both whey & casein bad for human body .why are you promoting it ?
Could I work same bodypart next day if I got 10 hrs sleep ?
fk, im homeless, im dooooooooomed
funny how i am watching this at 5 am xD
a human needs to sleep at night at least about 10pm. and wake up at 7/8am. we have to fall and get up with the earth cycle. morning till end midday the earth has energy and so do we, after 5 o clock the earth get's darker and energy is going down so do we.
bro science 101
Do you sell in stores?
What about taking a nap?
Im diabetic type 1 , so i need to get up and get insulin in 8am/7am , is it healthy that  i get back in bed or i need to lay in bed in like 22/23am..
wat about 12 hours sleep
"90 minutes to one and a half hours" 60+30=90 O.o so its exactly 90 minutes??
His math doesn't make sense lol. How come the deep sleep periods get longer when they're always 1&1/2 hours apart ? :D
Teaching me so much
will I get more gainz if I have lucid dreaming, and go pump some muscle in my dream? I wil create a gym in my dream and pump a 1000 pound bench press
This is the hardest hurdle.
When I sleep between 5 and 8 hours during the night, I feel dissy and sick for a few hours in the morning. but if I sleep 3 - 4 hours I feel okay.
He speaks the truth. Every time I wake up, I'm always a little bigger.
Does working nights and sleeping in the day effect you muscle gains?
How about a fork, that seems crucial?!!!
+ATHLEAN-X. Can I just take iso whey with milk just before I go to bed?
OK, I'm going to officially ask for 1.5-hr naps at work. Based solely on this video. Wish me luck.
I love waking up in the middle of the night, and then going back to sleep.
Athlen-x wondering your thoughts or studies that have been done about what time you go to sleep. Being a shift working i feel the most energised after i finish work at 2:30am 5 nights once i get home after the gym its 5am and after a  workout drink ill go to sleep.  Is there that much difference between 6-8hrs starting before midnight and if so how much ?
I sleep 6 hours and do 45 minutes workouts...and feel great, have al kiiindz of gaainzz :)
Question for anyone, that knows the answer resistance training, is it good to get a boost of energy from something like a energy bar or something that gives energy without a crash a good thing or is it bad because the extra energy could over train the muscle?
i eat cottage cheese before i go to sleep, makes me fart alot but it gets me some GAINS....
i sleep 5-5.5 hours per weeknight. thats probably why it sucks waking up! i'm in deep sleep
dude whey is shit its full of toxin read the fuckn research man
what do you think of Musashi Bulk extreme protein powder. I like the shake but I'm still trying new stuff. I'm only a beginner, but I can lift a decent amount of weight and I always try my hardest in the gym. I'm 17 and I really love the gym.P.S Your videos are so awesome and inspirational
Liking this video will help u grow muscle
I slept for days I didn't build shit
He's goin DEEP, Real DEEP!
That makes a lot of sense, thank u for explaining it.
Is the sleep-circle the same to everybody?
General question Jeff, with regards to things like whey being "available" how long before bed should you be taking such supplements? I find sleep is disturbed if i take it too soon before going to bed (e.g 1hr before bed).
thanks a lot Jeff for these information !
I have to get up at shut the fuck up am.
Is it healthy to fart while you squad ? It happens almost all the time and clears the workout area nicely!
Who knew? I figured out at some point since I started working, that I feel most rested and am most productive the next day if I slept for 7.5 hours...considering the 1.5 hours sleep cycles, it makes sense now :D  Great tip! Love the material you share. It has helped me a lot to improve my gym routine, the exercises I do and to do them better (avoiding injury and getting better results ;) )
hi
Proteins are great in the presence of gh; but, you must raise your gh levels first by working out and then supplementing or intermittent fasting and then supplementing. However, slamming that fast acting, slow acting casein before bed is a recipe for disaster! The problem is that slamming down that protein before bed will spike blood insulin. Yup, insulin is that nasty gh killer. So if you drink your protein right before bed your first sleep cycle wont to squat for you. And yes protein will spike insulin.
That feeling when you have insomnia *:(
Thanks man
Finally took your advice!!! Started squatting my duck-feathered pillows and curling my 300 count bed sheets. 4 sets of 8.. MAD GAINS so far....  Next will be cardio on top of the mattress. Just need a spotter, female please..
This was one of the most interesting AX videos I have seen. I remember hearing about how it isn't natural to sleep 8 hours in a row, but instead to sleep for a few hours, wake up, walk around and do something, then get back to sleep and so on. It seems sleeping 8 hours in a row is something we force into ourselves and not consonant with the natural sleeping cycles. Also, what Jeff says here would explain why sometimes I open my eyes at 4am completely rested but I go back to sleep and when I wake up at 5.45am (alarm clock) I feel super tired. Also, this also would confirm what I have read that it is beneficial to eat carbs early in the day and meats in the evening. Thanks for the video Jeff!
why buy your supplement when I can just have a whey protein shake mixed with a pint of milk for the casein
whey protein shake with greek yogurt before bet is what i do. low fat, low carb, high protein and yogurt is slow digesting protein.
After reading "The China Study" everytime I hear the word Casein my eares hurt.
That intro tho
good educational video
nice intro
ok bro, i will set my alarm clocks while im sleeping so i can wake up 4 times during sleep time..
That video was very informational. Key points I took away was waking up at the top of a cycle so that I will feel fully rested, and that I need to add some whey to my casein before bed time.
Arnold only slept 6 hrs - so he could fit more into his day - he said people who say 'they didn't have time - need to sleep faster' - like the supplement plug
Awesome   Thank you :]
is this a Serta mattress advertisement?.. what do recommend pocket coils or memory foam for optimum muscle building?
Sleep like an Athlean.
Question: Does your body release more growth hormone if you sleep twice within a day? For example you go to bed at 12pm and wake up at 9am, then you go on about your day and have a nap later that same day.
What about for other sleep cycles?
So just drink protein supplements before you go to bed.
the irony of watching this at midnight when i need to go up at 7 am xD
i have this habit of going to bed at 4 am and waking up at 8am and going back to sleep around 9 till 12 will that hurt my gains????
this video really helped me a lot on muscle build i am 15 years old and play football and this one video took me to the next level thank you Jeff
Bed=sexy time
If you want to build your muscles as quickly as possible, then you should seriously consider getting advice and direction from someone who has been where you are and is now where you want to be! Sounds reasonable, right?
Sleep 90 lift 90 sleep 90 eat 90 sleep 90 juice 90 sleep 90 poop 90 sleep 90 work 90 repeat?
How about drinking Raw milk (that doesn't have dead vitamins and proteins like pasteurized milk does) will that be something good to drink before going to bed?
I think I need to go to sleep.
so the magic number of sleep is 7.5 hours? interesting
Is that Sleep Cycle Chart upside down? Because most charts I see, the REM period is at the top points :o
Jeff, I believe you are correct about sleep.  I have sleep apnea, so it's hard to "land" good sleep (even with the cpap machine).  But the body feels great when I achieve good sleep.  REQUEST:  Could you please consider putting up a video on using heavy chains in workouts?  I value your opinions & research, so I'd like to get your feedback.  I've been using them while applying your tips, and my muscle are favourably swelled.
Workout regimen is founded upon proper nutrition, consistent routine and resting. I've learned that over the years in my training
Warching this in the middle of the night...
really nice man! i abolutely like your vids and everything you say is very true .. i should know this because i'm a medico. great explanation. thankyou !
Can I workout with that intensity without overtraining as you said, go somewhere to rest for a certain multiple of 90 minutes say 3 hours in mid-day and return to the gym in the afternoon and workout a second time at the same high intensity? To then rest again at a higher multiple of 1.5 hours at night of about 6 to 7.5 hours? can I repeat said pattern 5 days a week or 4 days a week? Mr. Cavelier? I know the benefits of a good nap during the day and I wanted to know what you thought of it.
Thanks for the info 💪
So I can't do this unless I buy supplements...
So, he is saying you need fast-absorbing protein (like whey) for the first stages of sleep and slow-absorbing protein (like casein) for the later stages?  Instead of spending tons of money in supplements, nature has the right thing for you. It's called milk.
I have to get up @night to pee, at least two  times, so I have a whey shake ready in the fridge. I zip on that after I pee. I read bad things about caseïne.
Hello Jeff,  I'd like to thank you for all your information and expert advice.  I noticed in the video above you mention " pre-sleep nutrition"?  Can you please elaborate about that?  Do I need to be having a protein shake ( a protein serving) before bed?   Thanks in advance Jeff for your reply.
Is it alright to drink a protein shake in the morning, after your workout and then before sleep? So three protein shakes a day. Would that be a bad thing?
i started sleeping on the bench in my local gym but they kicked me out. don't believe anything he says!!
This video was very informational, especially to me as an future Physical Therapist didnt know sleep was this important.  I would love to see more informational videos such as this.
if i bench press my bed will i get more gainz??
guys i always wake up at night 3-4 times can this be a sign of overtraining??
Deep sleep is non REM sleep, REM sleep is definitely not deep sleep...
I experimented with last night, and I discovered that I am one of the people that needs no more than 7 1/2 hours of sleep every night.
does when i go to sleep matter? i mean like if i go to sleep at 10:00 pm or 1:00 am as long as i sleep for at least 6 hours it doesn't matter?
I'm pretty sure rem sleep is not deep sleep
As soon as I see the whiteboard, I see what I already knew.. and I'm up for the gym in 5 hours... I can't watch this; I'll watch the abs video instead.
yeet i slept 10hrs last night
This guy is a professor! Like his vids. Keep it on!
how about naps
Thanks for breaking this down Jeff! I feel like this explanation matches up with my personal experience and that is really great because it brings more awareness to the choices you make with sleeping and bed time nutrition. I think this is a simple concept that can really help bring your fitness to a new level. Thanks again!  -Alex
is there any difference if you go to sleep about lets say 3pm(very late) instead at 10-11 pm but sleeping same time?I would be grateful for response
Please!!! Equalize your voice and music!
good stuff
Great vid man! Interesting stuff.
Help I dont have a bed, i spent my money on a laptop and a gym membership, i am homeless currently typing this from starbucks
http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/guide/sleep-101
Great,thanks,can you make a video about symmetrical muscle building????
I know that you lose the slow-digestion process and benefit if you combine casein with whey in the same meal. So which protein is best to take before bed, whey or casein?
hgh
Everybody can gain at least 10 pounds lean muscle in 8 weeks and get ripped
6:20
Please don't get me wrong, but REM is not the same as deep sleep. You don't remember what happens in deep sleep however REM is associated with hyper brain activity where you also dream. it generally follows an hour or two of deep sleep
AMAZING VIDEOS! Real talk no BS! Thanks!
I use an APP called Sleep Cycle which tracks you through these cycles (ambient noise and stirring in the bed) to time your wakeup when you are near the top of the Sleep Cycle nearest your desired wakeup time.  I've used it for 6 months and it works pretty well.
great videos but can we get some volume control?
Wow. This makes a lot of sense ! Gym heads always used to tell me that I NEED to get 8 hrs of sleep but I always felt extremely energized with 6 as oppose to getting a full 8. Thanks for the info big time.
So can I keep sleeping 1:30 hours multiple times during the day to keep secreting Growth Hormone?
Hey jeff, I have mild sleep apnea.  I dont get proper sleep which prevents from going on a regular workout routine (most days im too tire to workout)  Have you worked with clients with sleep apnea and what advice would you someone like myself who suffers from this illness.  Fyi I use a cpap machines but its not very effective in combating my sleep apnea.  Thanks
I heard it's better to sleep 6-8 hours before sleeping around 12am(so like 10pm)  opposed to getting your recommended hours of sleep while still sleeping around 12-1am
your reconstruction supplement is too expensive :(
is it the same thing sleeping for 6 hours then waking up then sleeping again 2 hours to get 8 hours as sleep the whole 8 hours?
So if I need protein at night to go with the hormones, is it better for me to workout later in the day or just take some protein supplements before bed?
I'm not sleeping because I'm watching this video. I need to sleep but I need to finish the video. Decisions decisions
This explains a lot, thanks!
great info !
Thats crazy! off topic but I'm going into college and wanted to know what you studied in! I really enjoy fitness and health!
Well there is a bit of a problem about the white board. REM sleep (not R.E.M.) is actualy at the top of sleep cycle. In other words; we go to bed, start falling into a deep sleep, than we start to wake up and as we almost wake up, we go intu REM after which we fall back down into deep sleep.  Also the hormon releases durning what is called SWS sleep. Which is (as he shown) at the bottom of the cycle.  Furthermore deep sleep is longer at the beggining and is getting shorter to non existant the longer you sleep, so again white board is not acurate.  Everything else is fairly accurate to my knowlage.
Jeff I need your help I plan on doing a physique competition and I need more definition in my core section. I'm 5'10 195lbs 12% bf show weight is 180lbs. First show by the way!!! Markleefitness - Instagram
Do you make these deadly mistakes in your diets? Go and Google  Muscle Maker Method to find out.
Thank you sir, this was VERY helpful
Hello Jeff, Thanks for every videos. You are really helping a lot about bodybuilding. I just wanted to say,whatever we eat before we sleep,increases our insulin hormone in our body. As far as I'm concerned,insuline hormon prevents the growth hormon to get high and be used in our body.  I don't think it affects % 100 of GH,but I am quiet sure that it affects the GH in a NEGATIVE way.  So I would like hear about your opinion...  Finally,I have another question. When we take more calories than we need in a day,we grow up. And when we take less calories than we need,we lose weight. So how about our muscles. Do we improve our muscles by taking enough proteins,but taking lower calories?  Does the timing of meals affect our storge of fats and energy? For instance, if we take 360gr carbohydrates in 3 meals, do our bodies store more fat than taking those carbohydrates in 6 meals? I hope you can understand what I mean, although my english bad is, I try to tell everything I know.. Sincerely
I've only been taking casein before bed. Now I'll take it mixed with whey. Thanks Jeff!
I admire Jeff and am on team athlean. But a small correction here. The REM state of sleep actually is the top of the cycle. Bottom of the cycle is deep sleep. REM sleep is where our dreams occur and our brain activity is at highest. When woken up during REM state, we feel the most energetic and opposite happens if we are woken up during Deep sleep making us groggy. And since each sleep cycle lasts around 90 mins, its better to wake up at end if the cycle.
Song at the end? Name?
Makes sense regarding sleep and feeling good the next day. I rarely get those real good night sleep. Im 31 and haven't slept well since 14. I can take prescribe sleeping pills but I don't like taking pills if it's not needed. I wake up probably every hour. sometimes it takes me hours to fall asleep. My brain just keeps running and thinking all night. Got any Info on that anyone? I work out 4-5times a week 5'6" 156lbs. Work out hard but I still don't sleep real well.
Osum video.....it's surprisin tat ur givin al dis 4 free....Thnx
I just want to loose my oblique fat and build some more muscle and strenght, is this program for me as I know it is not for those that want to build major muscle mass
What about if I work out 40 minutes in the morning and another 40 in the evening will that still be over working the muscles????????
Heres a question for you will the muscle building process when you sleep be affected if you take sleep medication? Such as nyquil? I find it hard to sleep alot of the time at night and take it to go to sleep thanks in advance
If I wake up every 90 minutes, will I get the benefits of the first deep sleep multiple times?
Im gonna wake up at the top of each sleep cycle to chug a whey protein. Im gonna make all kinds of gains
- Awesome !!!
@thecoolesteva6 That would be great idea and Im totally on board for the extra GH, but the reason we sleep for a long period of time is that the body only needs 4 hours of sleep but the brain needs 8 to function at the fullest capacity along with a fully rested body.
I wake up every two hours almost exactly.
Good videos!
This is interesting. So basically it is better to have a short night of 3 hours than sleep for the more 'conventional' 8 hours, because in that lasr case you're not waking up at the peak of your sleep cycle. And during the later sleep cycles your body pumps out less growth hormones than during the first sleep cycles, so if I understand it correcly they are not that important. Wouldn't it be far more effective to sleep for 2 periods of 3 hours during a day, instead if the 'conventional' 7-8 hours at night? And are the sleep cycles automatically 1,5 hours long for everyone? Or is it possible to have a 2 hour sleep cycle? Because in that case you would need 4 hours instead of 3. Ideas?
I couldn't click on the previous video you mentioned about the myths surrounding burning fat AND building muscle. I'm off to find it on your channel because I'm very interested in the subject, but you will get more views for your channel if you make it easier for viewers to click and watch. Just my 2 cents.
Great video !! thanks dude !
Hey Jeff,I know the importance of sleep,and have been concerned lately because I wake a lot through the night.For instance I woke three times Saturday night, the last time being 4:55,I got up at 5:30 because I was unable to get back to sleep. I felt rested but worried that with a hard training session on legs last Friday that my disturbed sleep would be a negative to my muscle growth.thanks to you I now know my sleep is normal.i have often Woken up an hour or two before I was supposed to and felt totally rested and awake and times when I have had longer sleep and felt tired and crappy, now I know why. Great vid as always Jeff. You are the Jedi Master!!! :) :)
1:11 - 1:16 I dont agree on that 100%! I think you can burn fat and build muscle/gain muscle at the same time! Of course in the gym you can't burn fat and build muscle at the same time, because you're only focusing on 1 muscle group at the same time.  It obviously depends on what kind of work-out you do, because with INSANITY you can burn fat and gain muscle at the same time. Because you are using so many different muscle groups and muscles at the same time varying on the types of work-out you do. For example with Max Interval Training you're burning lots of fat but at the same time you're building muscle by doing all those Push Ups and Core work-outs. With INSANITY your muscles get sour, you sweat like a pig its really an effective work-out. You will lose weight and gain muscle at the same time and after 60 Days you'll see Incredible results. You get a Ripped and lean physique! The thing i love about INSANITY is... you don't need any Equipment or Gym you do everything at home. Build your body with your body. Thats it! If you didn't get your dream body in 60 days, then do a 2nd round of INSANITY its the best work-out out there. Don't get me wrong INSANITY is the toughest work-out EVER but in the end its worth it tough. STOP everything else and try INSANITY I promise you will get your dream body in 2 or 4 months! You won't regret it!!!!
Great info I really appreciate your insight keep doing what you do
If the most GH is produced in the first sleep cycle, shouldn't we just take 90 minute naps multiple times throughout the day instead of one big lump of sleep?
so a 90 minute nap mid-day could be effective in building more muscle aslong as your also getting enough sleep at night?
Great video, much needed!    Found an excellent sleep app which helps you sleep faster and using calm and low tones which make the sleep deeper and less likely to wake up from distractions, apparently NASA used and I definitely have noticed better quality sleep using it.  Thought its worth sharing Its called Sleep Genius, try it 👍  @ChrisHughesy  Cheers
very interesting and informative video, appreciate what you doing, quick question, when do you suggest you take your pre sleep nutrition, thank you and keep up the great work.
thank you very much for thease information
Kali Muscle Says 5-HUNNIT Reps Son :)
Go to bed at the same time each day, wake up at the same time each day. This will make your body adjust the cycles to be well aligned during the night. This will indeed give immense bodybuilding results, but who can really follow it?
Excellent video. Really concise and clear in the points you're getting across. Largely backs up what I've experienced and read for the last few years, and then expands on that. Thanks!
Doesn't protein stay in your body for 24 hours before it's disposed of? so what would the point of drinking protein before bed if you already had it throughout the day.
Your material is inconsistent. You have 5 stages of sleep, the first is light sleep. In this stage the brain activity resembles that of when you are awake. The second stage is also a light sleep and this is when your muscles start to relax. Stages 4-5 are actually the deep sleep cycles, and stage 5 is when REM sleep occurs.
wrong I sleep on my bench press
Now this is clear i really like your vids, and the way you explain things, i don't have much time to train, is it good to train just waking up?
thanks, time to sleep.
so when i do cardio like jumping rope i must not lift weights right after i'm done?
Sleep cycles - waking up at the top of a sleep cycle.  Hmm, that is interesting. I have never even heard of the "sleep cycles" before. Let alone "when to wake up in relation to your sleep cycles."  I will have to research elsewhere.
protein before bed ???  NONSENSE!!   I was told  if you eat anything before bed you essentially shut down your ability to release adequate amounts of growth hormone.  You need to approach your bedtime in a "fasted" state therefore to take advantage of the growth hormone benefits.
great stuff!!!
I just stay of Tren all year long, train heavy and eat tons of protein.
why cant u sleep in the gym?
yo quiero hacer eso!
Tear down in the gym rebuild in your bed
The best aproach ive seen to explain how important is sleep well for building muscle, but I have a question could be useful to drink a protein shake like a half hour before going to bed ? Thanks for the knowledge its great
God bless you mon, for this edification much respect mon!
Great video! So am I right in thinking taking that whey protein powder with milk is a great combination? The whey for the fast acting, and the milk for the slow active as about 80% of the protein in cows milk is casein.
I've been following your videos for a while now, thank you once again for sharing your experience with us and helping us train better, as always great job Jeff.
Very informative, thx bud :)
I love your videos...
I love your videos Jeff!
This guy reminds me of my hs football coach lol
Great video, it needed to come exactly from a guy like you, I've been following this forever. One scoop of whey and casein before bed and 6-7.5 hours of sleep. Anymore and you feel like garbage. You should do a video on HIT cardio first thing in the morning (if you haven't already), I can't live without it now.
Having Children = no sleep = no muscle...
Should I take protein before bed on non training days? Thanks
THANK YOU !
Nice. Thank you!!!!
does masterbation affect muscle building??
Jeff where can I purchase that shirt? I know its not on the website
Hey I'm 15 what can anyone recommend I start working on to grow biceps, triceps and what I should be eating ect any help will be greatly appreciated
i jackoff to gain muscle. matterfact im going to xhamster right now
Dear, Jeff is taking naps during the day smart.
I have been asking every member of the youtube fitness community for a video like this for 2yrs an u r the 1st to cover it. Thank you so you very much Jeff for posting this. God Bless.
Good stuff Jeff! Very smart advertising. Very true tho.
Can you add subtitles? Pleaseeee ! :)
Can you add subtitles? Pleaseeee ! :)
Jeff , so how about naps? lets say i take a nap for about 1 1/2 hours would this befefit my muscle growth?
what other fast acting proteins can we get other than athlean rx
Hey Jeff, what do you think of setting up alarms every hour and a half? Would you recommend this to take advantage of the subsequent REM stages?
What if my gym is in the corner of my bedroom? :O
Everytime before the intro come, i've to immediately mute my computer because it's so fucking loud.
This is true. But I don't know why I wake up in middle of the night hungry. Even when I compine between whey and casino protein. The problem still there.
How do sleeping drugs like clonazepam affect your metabolism, related to this particular aspect??
Sleep Cycle app on iPhones works great
Hey Jeff, I am looking to get the athlean x program but I am not sure what exactly I will need. I have some gym equipment at home but what would you suggest I would need to benefit from the program the greatest?
sleep cycle app for iphone, it's an awesome app to track your "sleep cycle" :P check it! :)
i always have a 3 hour sleep waking up feeling shitty after work.. then another 4 hour sleep waking up feeling okay getting up for work
awesome vuid,wow there is so much to learn.
Great video! You are great expert! P.S. what food with proteins would be the best before slepping if I don't want to take supplements?
This is probably one of my favourite videos from you already , thanks .
Awesome video. Peep the "Sleep Cycle" app for iPhone. Been using it for 3 years.
i only get around 5 - 5½ hours each wednesday to friday:o
Hey Jeff, I just got a question, If you could answer that'd be great. I've read a couple of articles about types of proteins and how they synthesize (whey is fast, casein is slow) But the articles said that when you drink whey+casein together, the body would absorb the protein slower than if you just took whey and, a couple of hours later, or before sleep you take casein. I would like to know if there's any truth to that, or if it really doesn't matter. Thank you.
can you add that t shirt to store please?
A lot of people walk around irritable. Per capita our society is the most sleep deprived in the world. Even teenagers who are suppose to have all the energy are consuming these energy beverages. The only one who benefits are the companies producing energy drinks.
OK goodnight! Snorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrree
Trick question intro!
Once again, a very interesting vídeo. I hope that soon you could make a vídeo about supplements, specially in a long term perspective, at least a year. By that i mean, what happens after the first month, when the supplement ends, buy a new dose or rest? What would be the number of months to take it troughout the year? Dangers regarding supplements?  Thank you once more for talking in an honest and serious way about this subjects.  Paulo
Hey, I'm not sure if you look at the comments here, but   1. That was a great video; never really thought that much about sleep and how it's important!  2. Could you do a video discussing on how genetics play a part? I feel as if I've got a pretty high metabolism, I'm ~4-5% body fat, but I want to know overall about genetics with exercising.
If I wake up early for college, train after then go home i always be tired so I always have an afternoon nap, usually 1 and a half to 2 hours. Is this wrong to do because I should take protein before a I sleep? I don't want to be having too much intake of unnecessary protein. Any advise please, should I just stay awake until bed time
True, that is why daily naps are beneficial!
so basically the absolute best time to take the protein is before bed?  Also then what is the best time to lift weights during the day?  As soon as you wake up?  After breakfast?  Or after a few meals during the day?  Is it bad to lift toward the evening after work and or school?  Can you do a video on this?
Great video, but i have a question. When you train for 40 minutes do you refer to weight training or doing cardio, or boths?
I have Complex/Mixed Sleep Apnea and sleep is critical! I use a CPAP  which helps, yet I still stop breathing during sleep. My condition usually leaves me feeling exhausted on a daily basis. Losing weight has helped my quality of sleep improve! I noticed as my quality of sleep improved so did my gains/recovery from working out. I have lost weight and finally have gained some lean muscle! Thanks Jeff!
Nice Tips Jeff!
Does the timing matter ? Lets say i sleep 8 hours and wake up at the peak, but does it matter if this 8 hours is between 22:00-06:00 or 04:00 am - 12:00pm ?
Jeff, I've been watching your videos for a long time and have had amazing success with AX-2; however, you need to reevaluate this video. You spend the beginning of your sleeping going into your deepest stage of sleep, which is Non-rapid eye movement sleep (NREM). Those peaks in your sleep cycle drawing are when you are in REM. You're right about your REM stages getting longer the longer you sleep, and waking up at the right interval to feel more alert. Just please check your facts, a lot of people look up to you.
How come when we sign up for athlean x we don't get a t-shirt ? :(
Hi Jeff, are small sleeps during the day at all beneficial to muscle gain?  Great Video!
Wow very good video Jeff!! Please make one video about insulin and growth hormone release during day and during sleep depending on what you eat and what to do to maximize growth hormone release during night. Thank you!
Great video Jeff. When you discuss overtraining, could you comment on how to avoid overtraining while integrating A-X into training for another sport? How do your pro-athletes do it?
So since we are talking about sleep you should mention vitamin D. levels & supplementation next!
Great video
Hi Jeff, Do you know if you're planning to have any Canadian distributors for your stuff? I cant find Athlean RX stuff here
Big fan of your work, in some situation sleep also increase my fat, mind showing a demonstration on how to loose fat, ESPECIALLY BEllY FAT. Thnk you
I work shift work as a psychologist in a hospital, and my sleep is all over the shop. I try not to be in sleep deficit, that is if I only get 3 in 24 I owe my body another 5. So over the next few days I sleep a lot more than I would normally to catch up. Is this the right thing to do for muscle gain?
The biggest advantage of getting enough sleep is, NOT being in a bad ass mood coz you are tired :)
make sense now
Thank you from Germany!
Awesome video! So informative!
░░░░░░███████ ]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄          Bob is building an army. ▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂           ☻/   This tank & Bob are against Google+ Il███████████████████].      /▌    Copy and Paste this all over   ◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤..      / \     Youtube if you are with us
Great video Jeff, when can I buy one of those t shirts you have on? :D
wow! gotta try it! you somehow make sense!
So.. drink a glass of milk before you sleep? Since it has both whey and casein.
love it thanks...
If every REM gets longer and longer...shouldn't that mean that each sleep cycle ends at different intervals? if they go 1.5, 3, 4.5, 6 and so on and there's a constant difference (1.5h) ....how would the REM (the bottom of the curve) be longer for each sleep cycle?
There's a great app on the iphone that wakes you up I'm your lightest sleep. It's called Sleep Cycle. It's pretty useful and I use it myself.
Does it matter if I sleep longer than 9 hours sometimes?
Hey Jeff is that shirt every going to be available for us to purchase?
Awesome shirt Jeff!
Anyone wondering about the RX supplements, I REALLY like the pre sleep Reconstruxion 3. If you're on a budget and can't afford the stack, i'd recommend the presleep. As for the rest of them, I don't like the preworkout because i feel like my homemade one is better and the post workout is fine, but you can get cheaper elsewhere.
The dislike on this video is like lady gagas dick we all know its there but noone wants to see it
what are foods you could eat. if you cannot afford a protein supplement of any kind?
Great job! Really interesting, and i am greatly looking forward to the over training video as i probably do that. Great job Jeff!
Amazing vid what a great tip! I heard about sleep being involved with muscle growth but now you confirmed it for me
I noticed that when I started sleeping 8 and a half hours, I grew more and got stronger. So there is a lot of truth to this.
Lol how am i supposed to know when exactly i fell asleep?
There are some pretty cool apps for android (and probably Iphone too) that will track your sleep and also wake you up at the top of your cycle. Thanks for the video Jeff, and hope this app advice helps you all.
what if I sleep for 7 hours long & just don't wake up in the middle of the night. I just wale up in the morning,It's good or not ? if u get little time plz reply.
Sleep cycle app. Wakes you up at the end of a sleep cycle. Must have app.
What do you usually eat before bed?
Strong broscience.
Naps don't do shit it's all about that long night of rebuilding with sleep
I have a question if you could find the time to answer..What about naps during the day and growth hormone release?  Say you Workout heavy around 9-10am,and take a good 30-60minute nap around 1,and sleep for the night later around 9-10,for 8 hours,or so. Did you just basically give your body another window of muscle building than someone who stayed awake all day and just slept at night? I notice If I even sleep for 5-10 minutes,I feel like I have a surge of Growth hormone,clear headed,stressfree and anew.    Thanks alot.
Great video Sensei Jeff!
Thanks brother!!
Oh are eggs ok? cuz i don't take protein supplements and can't afford them.
Thx for the video brah where can I get one if those shirts?
Great video. Other important sleep tips: try to keep a relatively consistent sleep schedule, including weekends if possible, and avoid bright light before bedtime (and obviously at night), and get exposure to natural sunlight as early as possible in the morning.
Does anyone have any tips on how to get my deadlift from 305 to 405 the fastest?
DAT BRAIN! brilliant as always Jeff! keep up the good work!
workout -> protein shake -> meal -> nap/sleep
Question: Will the 40-minute workout include the warm ups & cool downs, or just the work out? Thanks in advance!
Great vid
Thank you for the valid info, I love how logistic you get and how in depth you get with each one of your suggestions. I never see that anymore, thank you for the advice.
Natural endogenous growth hormone elevation does not mean skeletal muscle growth. ie. fasting shows to also increase growth hormone levels. However synthetic exogenous growth hormone does have anabolic effects.
Thanks!!
any natural food or protein i can eat before bed? thanks jeff
Website called sleepyti.me is handy to calculate sleep cycles and wake up time
I've learned so much from these videos that at 37, with 9,8% body fat, just training 40 minutes of free weights and machines and 40 minutes of pool laps, I really feel better than when I was 20. For that Jeff, I do want to thank you!!!
Great video. Thanks!
Ive got a casein protein i take before bit preventing me from having dinner late when i train late but also have a fast acting one for after a workout. would it be better if i combine the 2 with the shake before bed?
"I have the white board, I have the shirt, It's all getting serious here today"  XD
Great info!!!
3:36 hmmm ... I wonder would he also say that if he didn't sell supplements?
This is WAAAY too nitty gritty ...Just eat enough calories and train and lift hard. All of this is , while probably true, not needed.
Great vid Jeff. People pay a lot of cash for this type of info! Thx bro.
All you need is a floor and a bar to get ripped...also a well thought out diet.
Raising kids and having uninterrupted sleep doesn't usually work for me!
Great video
Great video Jeff. I like how well you explain the sleep cycles, and how they affect hormones, muscle growth and even mood. One thing you forgot to mention is that some people tend to eat more when they're sleep deprived, and drink excessive amounts of coffee and unhealthy energy drinks.
Not sure if I agree with having food/calories/protein in your stomach before sleep.  With Intermittent fasting, you typically stop eating hours before bedtime, and studies have proven to show an increase in GH secretion.  Google it if you don't believe me
Man I love your videos. Know that I appreciate them so much. Thank you!
Nice Jeff! I kinda knew something about this lol i have an app called "sleep cycle" on my iphone that actually analyzes my sleep and wakes me up at a light sleep phase so i wake up energized and rested. And i can say that it does make a huge difference
what's some sources of quick burning protein?
how to build lean muscle: take roids
You never cease to amaze me with your knowledge.  Team Athlean for life.
1/3 of your life! it's important guys...
Cool
