Ive only been in yhe trades for 5 years. Gutters for about 4. I dont use nails often. But i can tell this man could nail with his eyes closed and asleep. Its incredible how smooth he puts those in.
On the bottom of the (eave) should be gutter apron. On the sides (rake) drip edge. Felt should overlap the bottom metal. Felt goes under the rake metal.
Boom! $90 saved on my shed! No need for leak barrier since it's unheated!
When can you use 3/4 inch nails?
Hi guys I've been watching this old house since I was a teenager. I was told by a few shingle manufacturers that you should never shingle over shiplap planks. Can anyone tell me if this is true. Thank you.
what do you think ?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq-sOXQ6ZLE
Where’s the ice and water shield?
Some videos say to place the side drip edge above the felt paper. I don't think it really matter, right?
How do sheds enable local economies through micro-workshops?
In Europe, poor people use shingle roofs for dog houses. Homes get proper clay tiles. Nobody needs a roof replacement, ever.
Every roofer in florida has that drip edge tight against the fascia. All i have is rotten wood trim. They REFUSE TO LEAVE A GAP. Had 1 guy walk off the job when i asked that he leave a gap !!
He used a regular Shingle and cut it as a STARTER, so you don't need to buy a STARTER bundle like Lowes or Home Depot employee suggested.
So where do we nail? Anywhere we want? I must’ve missed the part explaining that.
Nothing but the best for advice Tommy is just amazing with his construction knowledge and skills….
Nice and easy.  Try watching a lot of other roofing videos.   Roofing turned into brain science where you need a masters degree in mathematics
Excellent video, with a very resourceful knowledge
Why do the videos I see of roofers not nail on one end of each shingle?
This the guys that build sheds and last 30 or 40 years. Dont expect new sheds to last that long
shouldn’t you put the drip edge on the sides on top of the felt paper?
Tommy is my guy
The drip edge should’ve gone on top of the underlayment on the rake
Thanks for saving some money. I was going to buy a whole roll of starter for an overhang. I have to re-roof. I didn’t realize you could use some of the shingles cut down in place. Very helpful.
People act like roofing is rocket science 😂
The only problem is he didn't keep his nails above the glue line on the shingles.
very good content
Tommy just convinced me to hire a professional.
You always nail on the tar line you also need starter on the roof rake/ roof overhang.
You're wrong each shingle if offset by half of the shingle so each joint has half of the shingle on each side for max protection
So would your first vertical line be measured at 5.5" to account for a .5" overhang off the edge and then every line measured 6" from there?
Water and ice shield is not necessary?
What a great video
Do you have a video on how to apply the finish trim to a shed?
Thanks. This is very helpful. Do I shingle the ridge after both sides of the roof are shingles?
Only people I'd really trust
Outfreaking Standing!
I just watched another YouTube channel on how to install roofing... Then came here. The explanation was much much better and easier to understand.  Only thing I liked about other channel was explaining how certain areas of country require more nails per shingle due to wind and why you offset shingles to of course overlap but also making sure nails are covered.... This video hit the nail on the head for me. I think I can do it
Tommy is amazing.
HELLO, i watched THis old house faithfully. I was wondering what roof sheathing are you using 5/8?  You guys are awesome
Haha I don't think I've ever seen a roofer wear a harness. Thanks for the video I will be using this soon!!
No good
no mention of nail placement?
Thanks a lot brother you’re awesome you explain things perfectly🤙🏼😊
Charge cheaper prices then maybe they can get it fixed.
How does he nail the last cap on the edge? He didn't show what he was doing at the end.
Hey Tommy boy you have to put the paper first then the drip edge
Good job, thank you.
Didn't understand the 6 inches offset?
Here in Spain most roofs have clay roof tiles... But those shingles probably work as well and are faster too lay
Great professional video
Somebody changed my house asphalt shingles around 20 years ago. The decking is made of 1x6 pine boards. Should they have added a layer of OSB or CDX on top of the boards before the shields and shingles??  Are the nails supposed to go through the decking entirely and stick out into the attick?? Now, I have water leaks coming through nails and rotten wood around a vent
did he mean to say a 7 inch overlay?
It is a graet idea to overhanging  drip edge 1/2 inch on facial board, and extra 1/2 inch overhanging started shingles with shingles on the top of drip edge, to prevent water damage.  But once the roofer need to come up to roof to fix something later and must use ladder to lean on drip edge and started shingle and shingles, how would drip edge, started shingle and shingles not to be damaged by the weight of the roofer and ladder to lean on them?
Do you think Tommy would ever auction off his hammer? I'll bet it would go for high dollar.
Thanks a lot for this great info.😊
this show is FAKE with easy FAKE bullshit examples with easy stuff to show!!!😂😂😂🎉🎉 and he put the nails waaayyy to outside close to the edges...going to have capillary leakage in a few month with that crap nailing!!! sarcastic slow  hand claps👏slow👏slow👏slow👏 great job dufus's!!
The first ridge shingle glue tab should have been at the end of the starter single ? Right?I don't think you did that right???
I thought you would nail on top of glue strip
If your Roofing by yourself attach your ladder to the roof so It can't blow down ask me how I know
Simple and straight to the point but next time you can skip the safety warning we're not idiots
Ooooo its the safety police
My ONE gripe....any and every nail you put on top of the adhesive strip is a deficiency. If you nail through the adhesive strip or your nails go in slanted, it compromises the effectiveness of the roof cover. I write reports for insurance companies and all of these things will be considered when making a claim and will be noted as "installation deficiency" meaning the payout will be much lower if at all.
Los Amo !?! Los Veo todos los sábados aquí en Tijuana!!?
Tommy reminds me of my father. Gosh I miss him and how much he knew. Every day was a learning opportunity. Thanks This Old House. Another excellent instructional video.
What's up with the plastic cap nails i see people use on the felt paper?
"Make sure you start with proper safety equipment on" because everyone has to be safe at all times everywhere, always. ☣️
? Can I use 1/2 in staples instead of nail on drip and 30 lb paper?
Tommy, can I get you to do my roof ?
he cldve been a brain surgeon. 1m$ a year, saving people but chose to have beers with roger instead.............i guess....................crazy skills tommy boy
Jw, how come the nails are not put higher up. Wouldn't that allow the single placed above to better protect water/ice from leaking from that nail ?
Why some people flame the bottom while installing?
No cap nails on the felt paper??
what if there is only a single slope? Meaning you need to terminate the ridge caps somehow. and what about sealing that last nail in the ridge?
Very poor explanations. 6 inch offset was not demonstrated. I have not idea what the hell this guy is talking about? He did not show how the drip edge is delt with at the peak. Pretty lousey if you ask me.
Never said their take on leaving or removing cellophane strip on tar strip
Why he is cutting shingles in each row ?  If anyone knows please share as I am going to put shingles on my shed.
I've been doing roofs my whole life going on 15 years this guy don't have a clue what hes talking about
I always trust this guy
Yeah.... straight facias those exist.
Worst roofer ever
much needed thank you !
Is there something that Tommy don't know how to do ?
I own a body harness with fall strap, but what do I click-to when I'm on the roof ?? The builder didn't leave me any convenient D-rings ??
I like your  shows
Hi
We need to fix our shed's roof, and the knowledge shared here should definitely help us. Thank you kindly.
Perfect video for a homeowner
One more........ they say you're not a roofer until you fall off a roof , well I am a roofer 2 times over......lol
Oh another thing , I roofed two story apartment buildings and never wore a harness and the pitch being about a 7
I was a roofer for 7 and 1/2 years that may not be a long time for some of you guys and I was with a lot of different companies in those years and never did I see anybody put a roof on like this guy here. Not saying it's bad it's good there were a few points that I thought he missed. He mentioned The hangover coming down but he didn't mention the hangover going off the edge. He mentioned how the tar would seal to the shingle but he didn't mention how it is dare I say OSHA regulation to peel the plastic off the back of the shingle. The way he was nailing he did put a nail over each water line and some people don't lay shingles that way and they think that nailing through the one shingle into the other shingle is sufficient. NOT!!!! LOL , you must either lift the tab and put a nail in that shingle or lay the shingles the correct way. Just saying.........
To the top of the treehouse. Thanks for the confidence to tackle this project 🙌🏼
Would be nice to see a follow up video on doing a sectional patch - replacing a few bad shingles 🙏
Wow, mad respect. 🙏🏼💯
A roof cap would have been nice to have a starter roof cap...just to lock the it down for wind
Simple and straightforward.  Excellent video.
Thanks for this tutorial Tommy. I just built a shed and used your instruction to shingle the roof.
Looked like 6 inch drip to me
Lol I would have had it shingles by the time they were finished chalking those lines ffs
That third of people are good riddance!
3 tab shingles are JUNK! I literally wouldn't put on a doghouse!
straight forward explanation of how to install shingles.
No roofing people do such a beautiful job as you do .For real ∞ ❤👌🙏👍👏󾓦✟
I just bought a fixer-upper; Tommy will you adopt me?
How do you install a Open, W valley  And finish it at the ridge / top and facia
A good roofer doesn’t need a chalk line this dude just making the project take longer
Should use plastic caps normal roofing nails aren’t waterproof like that plastic caps are
#hirearoofer
great video illustrating ways to install roof shingles
a professional brings and drinks lots of beer.  I saw them at the house of carlos .  here is his address. his wife was yelling and had a beer gut.   it was very cute.
I thought the drip edge on the gable end went over the felt.
How does Tom swing a hammer so good lol
Nice.
I like the way he explains the drip edge part , but doesn't explain the cutting of shingles, and at first say the shingles are 12 " wide then changes it to 36 " wide. Yeah I know we make mistakes , but I like the show,  but do feel that they don't go into details on some things.
To someone who doesn't do this type of work for a living ,  or isn't paying attention to detail,  or doesn't have common sense as some would say. Make sure you are backsetting or offsetting,  or more simply make sure you are cutting each course on the rake side or outside . If you cut on the inside they will not line up correctly. I was cutting the shingles from the backside with exposure towards me then when I flipped the shingle from right side to left side the cutouts were lining up on top of each course.  Not sure if I explained it correctly ,but I guess maybe I helped someone like me that don't have to much experience or know how in this field. So when I was doing the cuts I was cutting on the left then when I flipped the left to right the cut edge was on my right. The offset looked correct (6 inch offset) , but the cutouts of each course was lining up to the previous course.
This is so helpful!!! Thankyou! We moved in a couple years ago and the shingles were not done right.... well a wind storm took them off last week and we’re set to put them up this week. Sick of leaking
Perfecto sir!
I fell off a roof. I'm a dumb homeowner. Went to emergency, lucky not to be paralyzed.
Kids & spoiled brats start going to Trade schools instead of $60k schools & 7 years 🥴 for a piece of paper To work at arby's-  Be a Tommy We need more Tommy's 😁
Wish that red head would just shush... plus like how phonie...he knows the basic answers anyhow
The knowledge Tommy has is immeasurable. We need more guys like him.
Thats how daddy dose it
A few things I didn't like....no real starter shingles being used...no starter shingles going up the slope...low nailing...and cutting shingles on top of shingles.
Atta boy. Thats good stuff man
🤔🤔 Wish you showed exactly how to nail those pieces that fold over the top. Overall GREAT VIDEO 👍
Got my Rabbit hutch shingled today.  Very nice and easy instruction.
why did you nail below the black adhesive instead of above it
nobody uses a speed square when cutting shingles
I always love these videos, but here's a tip we may all want to follow: **Do Not Cut Your Shingles To Length On Top Of Your Other Shingles**. You don't want to be cutting through the top layer and accidentally cutting into the shingles below it.
All thanks to Dr Alaho Olu on YouTube who used his Herbal supplement to cure my Herpes Simplex virus type 1&2.
Disappointed the rack drip edge doesn’t fin till after you’re underlayment .
everyone should always come to this old house first, now i got to go undo some stuff, thanks
Nice video. Thanks for sharing. Also found this one helpful.  https://youtu.be/3qCo-bGLwGM
Why do you need to offset 6 inches from previous row ?
I have a question I’m having a house built and it has shingles and it’s a brand new roof obviously and it’s been like 2 weeks and already a flap of like 5 shingles came off already in the middle and I was told that it wasn’t installed wrong that it was caused by natural causes because of the wind but it’s not even had bad winds here since they put it on and I feel like there’s no way it shoulda came off already on a brand new roof
Looks simple, always gets complicated
Why did you cut shingle 6" so it offsets from previous row?
Great stuff thank you
Where did he nail that very last piece? Wouldn't a nail be exposed? What covers that?
Hahaha the doghouse!  what a laugh buddy :0
My house is 21,203sqft and 5 stories tall pass.
Beautiful. I got it. Insha Allah (God willing) I can  do a whole roof now from this six minute video. Great work and thanks.
Thank you for this video, I live in Canada, Toronto and I have to do my roof again after 18 years. The contractor was using the IKO shingles on my roof and I was told that the product has 25 years of warranty, however, the shingles on the sunny side started to fall apart already after 18 years. I have contacted IKO and they are offering me the warranty reimbursement ONLY if I use their shingles again. My question is what is the normal lifespan for the shingles in general? How good these IKO shingles in comparison to the other brands?
Sorry got to call you on this you did not run a shingle up the side up Tom I love your show but that’s not right and the way it looks to me you overhang too far on the edge and you did not run a shingle up the edge I’ve been roofing for almost 50 years
Missed the guidance on where nails should be placed as well as how many nails per shingle.  Does it matter if tar strip is face up or face down?
I love this old guy. He knows it all "thumbs up"
I wish Tommy was my dad.
All thanks to Dr OSABA for helping  me to get cured of herpes virus  his herbal medicine work very fast and effectively and no side effect, contact him on   drosabacurehome@gmail.com
I always thought the paper goes on first
what about a second or 3rd row of tar paper on taller roof, Overlap spec.? Clarity on nail placement? Yes I see on video. but a quick mention helps us novices.
I have soft spots on my roof, I bought plywood, just not sure were to go from there.  I'm a first time home buyer and I want to do it right just don't got the money for a roofer.
Great instructions! Going to do my chicken coop. :)
Id go felt paper then drip then shingle
Can anyone tell me why you don't complete a row at a time. Instead, I see them going up the roof with partial rows.
How do Mexicans use no guidelines
Mexicans are the best roofers
After watching this... I might just hire a pro. It looks fun tho but it’s gotta be precise
Very helped I appreciate it 😎
Now does the weight of the paper matter for roofing?
I'd read that Sean Hannity of Fox News has fallen off a roof twice. Oh well, maybe that explains it.
I've never seen a roofer use a chalk line. Is that really a thing?
left out nail placement and how many per shingle. needed a close up starter shingle overhand of drip edge. how do you put drip edge on at the peak?
When they don't want to explain details...just start up some jangly guitar music....
Wow did nobody notice that you suppose to put your felt paper down before your drip edge on left and right sides so if rain blows in it goes over the felt and not straight onto your plywood?
I'm shingling a roof in Newfoundland in fall. It's a 2000 square-foot unheated garage. It's about 1 km inland from the windy Atlantic Ocean. We are replacing only one side because it gets the brunt of the wind on the northeast side. What would you recommend for an underlayment system? Any advice on shingles would also be appreciated. Thanks Colin
Derek, fun video to watch, love toh
Only saw 13 nails pounded on the face (I counted), and two on the ridge (give them creative license), but really didn't show how to nail the ridge.   Did you see nails on both sides?  This is an important skill, and was pretty glossed over to make a short video.  Can you complete your roof after watching this?  Confident to do your roof?
This old house, show us how to build a new roof with current codes (like 6 nails per shingle, stainless nails in a salt water environment, and how to install and cut drip edge corners.  What tar to use for the eaves, how wide, and how to do a simple eave corner!
How on earth did I think this show was boring as a kid? That was great!
Why not just snap the line 1?2" down from the pencil mark?
Thank you! Only had to shingle a small addition and this really helped.
TOH is getting Dated!   Wish I had a woodworking shop, and all, what a great past time.  Working on mold remediation, rafter replacement, flat roof sealing, and dealing with deck codes on the Atlantic Ocean!
Thanks for the info, I needed a refreasher and this was perfect.
you people suck ,, the worst videos i have seen.
those flashings installed wrong on the side  you are not professional
If the shingle is 12” wide and the over lap is 6” and reveal 5” shouldn’t the spacing be every 7”, not 5”. 7+5=12.  Just trying to understand. Thank you
When the weather is better, going to re-board my shed roof and instead of the crappy bitumen or whatever it was I'm going to shingle it. Should last a lot longer. This video will come in handy.
You guys made many rookie mistakes
Need a gable strip also
Anyone in need of a builder or roofing contractor in the College Station, TX area should give ProBuilt Construction a call👍 http://www.probuiltbcs.com/
Did not put starter on gable ends
The need to cancel Forged in Fire and have a roofing or fence building battle instead. Way more exciting.
He brought my life back to normal again after I have lived 3years of pains of outbreak and I have been scam by a lot of people who clam they have cure to herpes virus..All thanks to God for a great man who give me his herbal medicine which I drank for two weeks and I was healed permanently,I sow people talking about him and I decided to try him out..I drank the medicine for two weeks as prescribed by Dr Felix I notice some changes on my body I went for test and I was confirmed negative  I was so sucked and I also doubted the result because it was too good to be true I went to some other hospital and the result where all saying negative am so happy been healed message Dr Felix today to be healed permanently, you can reach him through his gmail drfelixherbalcure108@gmail.com
Not clear enough
Are the roofing nails just going into the sheathing and not rafters?  I am building a chicken run and thinking about shingling the roof but my concern is the amount of nails coming through the top.
what a crock ,  ( they claim  call up a professional  to do your roof ( they say  the professional will have safety gear on ( what a crock Ive seen so many Roofers ( they never  NEVER wear  safety gear ( nouthing  ,
I'm not a roofer but I'm trying to learn, do you really have to waste so much material... All that cutting... My heart just sank when I saw all that cutting.  Hopping you can some how still use those pieces.  Good shingles for my shop roof is going to cost $3200.  To much money to waste so much
I’m disappointed. You have no starter edge on the gable and minimum is 1 inch overhang. You are very correct about the wood fascia but you need to specify that against an aluminum fascia which would be installed flush to the metal.
My name is Darrell Pierce,Milwaukee, Wisconsin iv been doing masonry restoration for 27yrs. Me and my buddy Scott used to always say wouldn't it be great to learn from Tommy now it awesome he has apprentices i wish i was 20 yrs.younger cuz i would love to learn from him,keep up the great work to all you guys at toh if  Mark your Mason is ever in Milwaukee again i would love to show him around the buildings i worked on,some over 150 years old.
This is a very useful video for all the people out there with unheated houses.
He hand nails! Which is superpower these days and qualifies him to become next Marvel superhero.
What are some ways to cure your fibroid issue inherently ? I read plenty of great reviews on the net about how Womezon Remedy can help you treat your fibroid issue naturally . Has anybody tried this fibroid remedy?
thanks...
Ha ha, ...must be nice to shingle without taring them. Here in Newfoundland every shingle needs heavy tar, where 100km an hour winds are normal.😉
Gable end drip edge go over underlayment
would be nice if all roofers snapped all those lines.
Ha, Tom's wearing an Apple Watch, who says you can't teach an old dog new tricks!
TOH your funny:  point 1 - in the southeast, we don't have drip edge w/ 6 inch deck flange (unless you fab it yourself), so underlayment always goes under the rake drip. I've seen it both ways here, install underlayment first then drip edge on top all the way around. Or, drip edge first then underlayment on top all the way around. Either way, unless you get No Thunderstorms in your area (w/ wind), you are good. point 2 - production roofers chalking lines are you out of your mind?! Okay, half-decent ones may chalk for the starter and as they approach the ridge to see if they can push or pull the shingles before hitting the ridge (objective here is to not have to cut 2-3 rows of shingles to reach ridge properly). Tommy did say non-heated space though.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4v0seD6NKg
Great info.  I used this to put a roof on my kid’s playhouse.  But what do you do with the last shingle on the ridge cap?  Just nail through it with the nails exposed?
Please help I bought a house six years ago and yesterday my husband went in the attic and the instillation turn into powder and fell down. The outer paper is black and the product inside is brown and our house was made in 1903 do you think we should worry about asbestos? Thanks
If the shingle is 12” in height and you have a 6” overlap wouldn’t that leave you a 6” reveal? Not a 5” reveal.  What am I missing?
I have to watch this for school
Thanks for the Video clip! Forgive me for chiming in, I would love your opinion. Have you thought about - Taparton Incredible Cure Takeover (erm, check it on google should be there)? It is a good exclusive product for Curing Shingles without the normal expense. Ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my m8 at very last got excellent results with it.
Here's my question:  Why is there a noticeable difference when a roofer shingles a roof in vertical lines,  versus the older way when roofers shingled diagonally?   I begged my roofer to do it the old style so I wouldn't see vertical lines, and he agreed.   When the job was done though his roofers didn't do it that way, and now I have vertical lines.
If I try to take measurements to snap lines Id get thrown off the roof. Idk the guys you are working with.
I have not seen a bundle of standard ( 5 inch exposure shingles ) since 1986. Shingles now are metric, and thus a 5 5/8 inch exposure or reveal. Lloyd , roofer 35 years.
Way to much so many unnecessary things
I guess we're putting the underlayment on top of the rake edge?  gtfoh
nothing about how many nails per shingle?????   i've heard 4 or 6 on a full strip.
i did see a couple of the nails in the tar line.  from what I've researched , just below the tar line is correct.
Kevin says 1/2" shingle overhang (3:39) and Tommy says 1/4" overhang (4:35) (leading edge, left & right gable ends)?  Which is it?  Tommy is also nailing into the tar strip area which I thought was a no, no?
I roofed for a period of time in my earlier years and still do it occasionally.... I’m mid 50s now and i can honestly say i have never seen anybody snap vertical lines all the way across the roof!! One line to start but after that there are little notches in 3 tabs to keep the layout straight!!!!
You don't put drip edge on the gable end until after the felt I thought. If you do it how you did the water hitting the sides of the shingle can follow the drip edge under the shingles and felt right to the wood. That's what I was always taught anyways.
The facial board is getting wet no matter what when it rains put that drip right to the eve and rakes
what a delicate treatment. Great job. Thank you very much for the instructions...
That works fine for old style 3 in 1s but most manufacturers will caution you about "racking" architectural style shingles. If you rack them you'll wind up with a herringbone appearance when viewed from 45 degrees.
Thanks for posting...my garage needs it, and with this refresher I think I can...I think I can...
Good video, and I love the TOH crew.  However, I can’t help but think how much easier it is to do a lot of these things (eg. snap a line over the felt) when you’re standing on the ground with a helper, than it is when you’re up on a ladder by yourself.  Lesson Learned = Make a friend and her a helper.  Lol!
How much overhang on the ends?  And do you use a starter strip on the ends?
Pulled tape down half an inch wtf? Just measure half inch down on tape. Jesus.
Why not use metal tabs and staple to felt? All the shingle jobs I did we had to do this.
It's actually code now in my area to put ice&water before drip edge🤷‍♂️
Very good sir.
Just shingled for the first time last week. On a garrage. And just a patch. Even still I was thankful I didn't have to leave the ladder. TOH is a big part of why I felt confident enough to patch a squirrel hole for my mother.
Metal flashing at the eave is called gutter apron no drip edge. Drip edge goes on the rakes and isnt that wide
Interesting video))) everything about the roofs on my channel)
Tom's confusing me.  When he put the starter strip on the roof, he said he was overhanging the drip edge  by 1/4 inch. When he started the first course of shingles, he stated he was overhanging the drip edge by 1/2".  It looked to me like the first course of shingles were placed directly in line with the starter strip.   It also seems to me the simple solution to the fascia board rotting would be to use composite material. I use composite in most exterior trim areas now. More expensive but it will never rot, and no painting needed. I would still use a drip edge to protect the leading edge of the roof sheathing.
Do pro roofers do the same thing? Meaning measuring out and stuff because it would seem like it would take a long time doing this.
Sad due to he left out the importance of staggering shingles.  Proper way is to go 4 rows at 6" off sets the start a new row.  This will eliminate the diagonal lines you see as the shingles shrink.  Look at roofs as you drive around and you will see a diagonal line from eave to peak.  That is an improper install.  Thank you for reading.  Jerry Ray.  Builder for 35 years.
No ice and water shield??
In the south with intense heat virtually year round, if you put the nails below the tar line it will leak profusely. Flour sifter would have fewer leaks. Here? Always on or above the tar line. If you nail on the tar line the heat, in the south will stick the nail without rise later on causing "fish mouth" from the nail pushing up as the shingles swells slightly from heat. If you go above the tar line with the nail you get a full contact tar stick in the heat from the covering shingle. In the winter, nailing above the tar line will be fine because the shingles is not swollen from heat. If the covering shingle does not stick good however, in the following summer the rise of heated shingles can possibly cause a nail to rise pushing an open curve to the covering shingle. Fish mouthing.
Thanks for the great instruction.  Now i want to go out and try it.  What about going around vents and connected roofs.
So many things wrong
You'd think that the old expert would refer to the instructions written and posted on shingle bundles by the manufacturer.  They may be different from what Tom did.
Great video!
Love this guy videos 🙏🙌
Great video subscribed.  In the near future I have to do a partial reroof. I just have an area about 6 x 8  sq feet at the from bottom of roof line.  My question is ..how do you tie in to older but  still Good shingles? Of course I would like to  replace it all but that is not readable right now. Currently have a tarp over the damaged area.  Also, I am a woodworker, i will be repairing the infrastructure if needed. Maybe you have a video on it.  Also maybe there is a public  service video on this.
Forgot to mention if you live up north then to set the shingles 1 inch overhang for the ice up north and  down south its cut even with the drip edge
Very useful video, thanks a lot.I also have a question:My house is type of raised bungalow and has normal roof and side steep roof too. Only bottom part of the side roof is completely damaged and need to be changed with new 3-tab shingles.What I am not sure when there is such a side roof  do we need to install water protection such as roofing felt or we don`t?Appreciate any comment.Best
Low nail on third row ..... that’s going to leak in time
All the lines are nonsense
What if I only have one angle roof? How would I do the finish at the top???
These were really good instructions.
I never used the drip edge. I always just flipped a row of shingles over on the edge and then went back over with another row over top as he shows here! I have never seen anyone draw chalk lines vertically across the roof! The drip edge does seem like a good improvement! I highly recommend drawing chalk lines to keep your rows straight! If you are not experienced you may get out of line and it will be crooked!
Do actually roofers mark all the lines ??    It looks stupid to me , marking all the lines , I thinks the shingles themselves would act as guide line
I don’t understand why you’re not using a starter strip on the outside edge. Isn’t that something that also needs a glue strip to hold down the outside edges if there’s a wind storm it seems like the outside edge is not protected with a starter strip
Too many errors in the instructions.  I would fail this installation.
I have watched this video 5 times while I have been shingling the doghouse. It has helped out quite a bit.
No starter up the side?? Lol lol
This is by far the best reality show on TV, everything else is garbage 😀
Tommy your awesome, I’ve learned so much. Thank you thank you
Well how do install last shingle cap? You leave the nails exposed????
8 inch drip edge?! Are you roofing in the hurricane country?!
Bullshit! We used to use lead cords (if anything), which is why I retired after falling off my 3rd roof! 🤣😉
The ridge caps can be oriented in such a way as to lay with the direction of the prevailing wind when possible
This video is for novices, but you don't have time to put line on the shingles, if you have 20 houses to putting yours shingles, not count if them is big houses... Wide and large... 😂😂
The most nasty job that I see!!!
Have you or anyone heard of asphalt shingles applied within the past five years bleeding black substance?
i made my dog a house out of a single sheet of 1/4 plywood.  I need to shingle the top because aside being under a balcony i see water is dripping down. I dont have felt paper so i am gonna shingle it to the plywood.  Its been cold and rainy here and I want to make my pooch comfey, he already has carpet in his stabin cabin and good thing is his house is only 24" wide so maybe 6-7 shingles should do it
This video was very useful!! I’m trying to learn to fix the roof of our shed that got busted in a storm and this is the first video I’ve actually understood. Everything was explained very clearly and concisely!
Shingles suck.
Tom is absolutely amazing.
Nothing says DIY like old-fashioned, twangy music.
How do you install the anchor point for the harness? Can you leave the anchor up there permanently? If you remove it, do the spots where the nails were leak?
Tommy, You are cutting the singles on top of the bundle of shingles and you ruin the shingles beneath them and cause a potential problem. You should not show this as a technique for folks watching your video; i'm just saying! Other than that one point, I like the video! Bob
Felt paper is trash
When getting your roof replaced, there are so many variables that go into it, and so many corners to be cut.  If the price is too good to be true, then your roofer probably cut some corners, and now you most likely will experience a leaky roof in the coming years.. Find out how to maximize your roof for best protection, and how some roofers cut corners.  I explain it all on my blog site www.arkroofer.com based out of Georgetown, Texas.
Raise your hand if you still don’t know how to put shingles on your house
That cameraman needs to focus on where the locations of the nails.
Hi, can you show "Architectured Singles" installation?
Unless it's a small shed or dog house, I don't think you can save any money DIY roofing.  It's hard work,  somebody has to do it.   Find yourself a professional crew.  Same is true with concrete flat work.  There are some things where it's just better to pay someone.   There are plenty of roofers to hire.   As a DIY'er focus on things that have a higher return on your time and labor.
No shit the type of shingle has are caps,starters and shingles...im not used to that but now i know good shit
Those shingles look like caps.
I've always thought the typical roof decking is too thin... I clean gutters all the time with my business and I walk on roofs all the time and most roofs are not very strong. It's like they are mostly built to be JUST strong enough to walk on and not much more. I would think 3/4" plywood wood be a minimum standard with 12" between joist.
Come to Delaware, the Gearhart’s will teach you..
I only watched this to see why ANYONE would ever cover a roof in shingles vs. metal. It really raises another point. Why would ANYONE, ever shingle a roof when there is metal? More work, more confusing, more dangerous....and apparently no one really knows how to do it properly (according the comments anyway).  Haha.
Im wondering if we can talk about business opportunity I have for you! please email me if you are interested: crmrunner@gmail.com, the subject revenue share
Gable drip is cut too short
You mentioned the underlayment, 30# felt in this instance, is there to help prevent condensation under the roofing shingles. My contractor sent some day laborers over who ripped my roof off in the rain, left it untarped in the rain overnight, then shingled it the next morning.  Won't that create condensation? What will condensation do to the roof?
Not good with a 6 inch tab on the left side of the roof and 2 inch tab on the right side. You should measure the whole roof and find its center and you will have equal size tabs on both sides!!! Tommy you shoulda known that
You forgot to explain how many nails per shingle
What is a stronger shingle. Standard 3 tab asphalt or laminated architectural shingles
Why are all these "expert" roofers in the comments of a basics of laying shingles video. Somethings not adding up here. Lol
You put the nails too low in the starter
Seems like everyone has their own method of roofing. Has anyone out there actually read the installation instructions on a bundle of shingles? I would like to think the shingle manufacturers might actually know how their product is to be installed.
Guys an idiot. Read the bundle wrapper. He must have a lot of extra time to be chalking lines all over the roof.
helpful information, thank you for sharing !!!
1/3 falls of roof fatalities wow so the other 2/3 are from off of a ladder
when your hammering DON'T have the camera at your face!!! I can't see what your doing. FOr a begginner this sucks. So I don't see how you layered the shingles because all I could see is you hammering. Do a new vid
Good video
Wrong with drip edge
That’s one way to do it... must go get myself some more chalk.
You should not be using starter on the whole roof starter goes all the way around like a U and you also use starter for capping
The American way of doing roofing is just crazy... No standards, or guidelines on how to do it correctly. Just check out the Swedish standards for roofing. If done correctly it will never leak. Every year all roofs here gets smashed with water from melting snow constantly for weeks without giving way.
Why is this instructions opposite from all roofer ? LMAO 😂😂 😂 do not listen to this guy he clearly wants you to mess up your roof
Too much work, just get flexseal.
I'm surprised people still want to use 3 tab shingles . It's been almost 4 years since I've installed them .
How to install roof shingles...  Step 1- Pick up phone Step 2-Order Pizza Step3-Call a Newfie
Good video - thanks.  I am shingling a gabled garage roof, but one end goes into a second story wall of the house.  I take it I start the row of shingles from the gabled edge and end the row with a custom cut of the shingles to fit under the siding at the house edge?Thanks
He forgot to offset the starter shingle with the first row. This roof would leak!
The very last nail that you put will allow rain to seep through the side (eventually). Nail is exposed to rain. How do you plan for last sheet? Over all the video is fantastic  (Thanks for the knowledge)
Lots of good roofers on here...guess they just came here for a quick reference or something.
What about capping a lean-to roof? This example IS a lean to, but only because his model is half a roof. What if I have just a flat 15 degree angled roof? How do I finish the top?
6x5 pattern ...yankee bonds...here in the south ...5x5 staggered bond shingles last longer,,,
Back in the 70's all houses used just the felt. Only along the edges of the roof bichitaine was used.
Funny how many "Roofers" come to watch a roofing video just to rant on about "their" way of doing it 😆😆😆
Well done.
Would be nice to have Tommy as an uncle.
why cut the shingles 6 inches shorter each time? why not just cut the 2nd row 6 inches shorter than go back to a full shingle?
Great video!. Thanks
Are you not showing us step by step? I think you missed how to cut drip edge and make the corner.
Very good señor Thank you very much I enjoy your shows very much!!!
Felt goes on first then drip. I guess it doesn’t matter however leaving the shingle overhang 1/2 “ is dumb as you now have a ledge that the wind can catch .
Check out my roofing videos
Nice job Tommy.... Nice and straight👍
enough of your pontificating...get to the job
Imagine the shit you would get from the roofing crew snapping lines like that
How old is this? Haven't even bid a 3 tab in 15 years. What about starter shingles? Ice and Water?
Metal over the felt. Five inches from the butt. Fail. Fail.
just wish roofing wasnt so dam high .. some of the pricing  for a small house is so crazy upward to  4500 to 5 grand  i mean i could do it my self  if i knew the way in doing so ...
You awesome !!!  Very professional
What a true professional  so he maybe made a boo boo learned so many tricks about construction over the years from this master of the trade. Think he was just demonstrating what face goes up as anyway.
Yeah but how much of a percentage are homeowners in that roofers,are 30 or whatever percent you said in fatalities in construction work.
Nice thank you!!
Why no starter course up the gable ends? Also, there is absolutely no reason to snap vertical lines. 3 tab shingles have a registration tick on them to line the shingles up correctly, and no professional roofer snaps horizontal lines that often. If you line your shingles up with the top of the keys, they'll stay straight with only occasional measuring and horizontal lines.   Overhang amounts vary with the region. In Kentucky we typically do a 1" overhang but I don't know anyone who overhangs their dripedge like that.
Good instructions for new England, but that don't fly in Florida. Otherwise you will be ripping it off.LMAO
I'm a roofer, I like how you make it simple and easy to understand. Good work.
no. everything about this is wrong. first off, the drip edge at the gable ends goes OVER the underlayment paper (felt, udl, etc). second, that felt didn't have nearly enough nails in it. third, though using a cut shingle at the bottom can be done in a pinch, every brand of shingle also makes "starter strip". now here's the big one... this guy installed the shingles upside down. the tar strip is supposed to go face down. the way he did it puts the asphalt against the tar paper, and leaves the unprotected and much weaker back exposed. the sandy side faces the sky, otherwise you (1) lose whatever color you chose in exchange for a black roof and (2) cut the life of your roof by more than half. I am extremely disappointed by this.
Tom, you are not nailing correctly! Your nails should NOT be over the tar strip because it will not seal properly. On 3-tab shingles your nails should be right below the tar line. The nails over the tar stop it from sealing as it should. I live in Colorado with high winds & have had to repair countless roofs because of what you are doing.
in your perfect world   LOL
i DONT KNOW CRAP ABOUT ROOFING BUT THIS SURE LOOK GOOD TO ME.
Underlayment should be installed underneath the gable drip edge, purchase starter shingles and install on eaves and rakes, use cap nails for underlayment, 5” overlap with a 5” reveal on 3 tabs is much better than a 6” overlap for a longer lasting roof.
I really appreciate you guys for making these how to videos. Very informative and professional. Thank you so much!
I am not a pro roofer by any means but have helped on a couple roofing jobs and I always remember them doing the eave drip edge first...then the underlayment...and THEN the gable drip edges.  But in this video they do all the drip edges before underlayment.  Which way is correct?
Lots of mistakes here...especially that razor...WRONG!  HOOKBILL BLADES Tommy...hookbill.
Nailing should be done just above the clue strip, not on the glue strip..
The gap between the facia and the flashing is perfect for wasps to hide their nests and for insects to chew their way into the roof.Water will drip down the facia  and only rot through nail holes if you haven't used galvanized nails.
My overweight brothet got involved and now he doesn't want to properly overlay
Great video your awesome !!!
Ha Ha Ha I would like to see this Mr knows everything on a 12/12 pitch roof measuring every single course when is raining 😂😂😂😂😂😂 what a joke no starter on the rakes, rake metal under the underlayment when it goes on top no bueno sir
Oh how I hate roofing
All the Sunday quarterbacks are out SMFH
If you plan on roofing your house please don't watch this.
i watched another video specifically on roofing a doghouse, it didnt say anything about a drip edge like that, i was wanting to do doghouses for a profit, would it be cutting corners not to add it? i never like the idea of cutting corners, i believe in doing something right or not at all
He installed the felt paper wrong, the drip on the side goes over the felt paper making a water tight seal
Tomy Silva is the man!
forgot to cut your first starter shingle sir....or at least tell your viewer to...
master
*Why isnt the plastic strip that covers the tar strip peeled of the back of the shingle*
Vote Ryan Paul Papke to end the prohibition of Cannabis!  Check out my Youtube channel for more info.  https://www.youtube.com/c/RyanPapke
For more resources, education and roofing directory visit http://preferredroofingservice.com/
Be sure to chalk ur line every 6inches on ur 30ft run.
good detailed instructions for  newbies  but this way would take forever  to do... i work for  a roofing company and we dont mark out the lines like that..  we just usually go by the lines on the felt paper we use or we just try to keep it  as  straight as possible,   again this is a helpful video but this exact way would take awhile
it is not a reveal but a exposure distance. the shallower the pitch the less exposure and the more shingles you use for the same square footage. it is important that you keep the rain slots in perfect alignment to help channel the water straight down the roof to the edge. if you own a roofing hammer and it still has the screw on the the head with threaded holes that sets you exposure and lets you get each shingle exactly the same creating a perfectly straight line looking down each row. if you have a really shallow pitch roof it is better to use roll roofing and glue down the overlaps. don't ask how i know this. my uncle showed me the rolled roofing on my shallow pitched porch roof. i listened to a expert roofer and use the minimun exposure using shingles and got water leaks from ice dams. shallow roofs need rolled roofing.
He didn't have to throw up the Devil horns while giving instructions Godly.
Why did he slide his tape measurer down when he could have just subtracted half an inch and marked it there?
This is a bad job.
Dangerous, and NOT A HOBBY. (Like electrical work, or plumbing)...Demo is the New England way...starter strip (same as bottom) makes overhang on SIDES (rakes) reinforced for edge impacts, and helps keep moisture off facia and siding.
Ridge cap should always goes with prevailing weather..unless ridge line runs into hip or ridge on a dormer
Drip edge always goes over felt or iceguard depending on if it’s heated space or not..
never ever install roof like this.. he never installed rake starter.. where is that shingle glue on??? all that wind and storm from the side will go in to your house.. so unprofessional.. felt paper is so dated.. if you can't afford better than that do yourself a favor and use ice and water if you are up north or east
Also he did not mention how to nail the roof, cause isn't there an area to nail the shingle?
I would laugh if I saw someone snapping all those lines on their roof😂😂. Just cut a book and roof it using your gauge.
Everyone's a pro roofer here.
All  your nails will penetrate the over hang sheeting, and show from the ground.
Make sure the shingles are 36 X 12. I bought shingles that are 13 1/4 inches by 39 3/8 inches. They are metric. Home Depot didn't know they came in metric sizes and neither did I.
The instructions weren't clear enough. I accidentally roofed my neighbors house, instead of mine.
Tom rocks, is there anything he can't do!  I would like Tom to critique or roof leak detection videos.  I bet he could teach our team a thing or two.
I like nail guns because when the boss sneaks off to the bar we have nail gun fights all so who can shoot a nail the farthest
Your Videos Have Always Been Great - https://www.contractoros.net/
And just like good old Bob Ross! No quote.
Wow  man. You think your videos are informative? Why do you make these half constructed shows? One step at a time oldman. I realize your knowlege surpasses mine by lightyears! If you want to show and broadcast videos then give the beginers the full crash course! This video skipped so much information that a homeowner will have zero though about what they are doing. So in retrospect your proffessional opinion will cost some poor man alot of money to try to doit him self.
in the UK we call wooden tiles shingles this is just felt
It seemed extremely useful and interesting but people in the comments are saying that they actually screwed it up, in a manner that would let water in if the storm was windy enough.  Downvoted.
Poor installation video
How many nails per shingle , anyone ??
Question for you experts. How do you finish the last row of shingles on a shed whose roof is not an A frame? Just an angled flat roof?
I see  all these roofers picking  Tommy apart. Remember, he is a finish carpenter . Myself being one as well, can say we tend to be little anal about everything. I do agree the vertical lines are a bit much- to say the least.
Is this video from the 80's, no one uses three tab shingles anymore
I've never installed the felt media over a drip edge.  Poor practice.
Do you have a video on woven valleys where one side of the roof runs east to west and the other side of the roof runs north to south? Awesome video. Thank you very much.
make sure to cut the first starter strip 6 inches off
I always look to these guys to do it right...........USMC and yes we will get it done the first time thanx..........
Bare wood under the lower drip edge , no protection not good .Put a piece of tar paper under and over the lower drip edge.
exposure ..oh my just understood thank you Tom
looks like a 1/2  inch
how far or long do you spread the shingle across the gable end?
Soooo did anyone notice he started with a full length starter, then installed a full length 1st course shingle right over it. Seems like that is a joint over a joint. Thought you should stagger your starter course........
Snapping lines is a waste and so time consuming
la estara te quedo raya con raya pinche grigo
been roofing as since I was a kid...idk how many times I find people run the drip edge under the felt paper..doesn't make sense at all..run it over the felt paper then you tar your starter strip to that..if you tar it to the paper there is still a void for moisture and driving rain to get under.
he is a pendejo ( moron) you never put the starer the same side a first shingle
@ The Bomb Child grow up, what a class act you are.
he forgot to put starter strip on gable ends lol
The 1 st shingle nailed rotated  180 degrees - the whole shingle should be nailed - not cut to make half a shingle.
Fantastic video. Very well composed.
bull shit him don't know I would see him work a house 12/12 WTF square in roofing is roofing not frame
Why didn't you remove the clear plastic strip from the back of the shingle so the top shingle can stick to the one below
Tommy is the man
Great video.  Thanks for sharing! http://www.roofersincolumbiasc.net
One layer of 30 felt used here instead of two?
damn the grid he laid out was a bit exagerating do but since he teaching newbie i guess it makes sense
So each row is offset by 6 inches...lets assume your roofing a house. What happens when you lay the  row that's a 6" shingle,  do you start to use a full shingle above that, or start the process again from the opposite end of the roof?  ( dumb question, I know )
Nice video! I'm Brazilian. We normally install ceramic tiles here on the houses, without nails, but with tighten wires, because ceramic may be broke with them during the years and weather conditions. I don't work with that, but I just imagine it should a good practice using some sealant like a pasty paint over the roofing nails and felt paper, only to be sure there won't be water entering in the future if some problem happens with shingles. Is it regular in US and Canada?
if you like roof stuff,  2 piece pipe flashing.    igg.me/at/garrdal you can follow the roll out at twitter.com/garrdal
OK bit confused I know your a pro but I thought on the eaves you put the drip edge first then the felt over that then on the gabble end after the felt is on you put the drip edge over the felt?
First off that's box store drip edge, if it was drip edge from a professional roofing store it has more of a C shape to it so you can install it up to the facia board. No one I mean NO ONE chalks a line for every row and no one figures out 5" reveal. If you really are a beginner there are tabs on the left and right side of the shingle that makes the shingle sit on top of the one below. Professionals install shingles on top of the hash lines (the spaces between tabs). There should be six nails per shingle. One on either side of the hash lines and one on each end. The nails should be installed in the tar line not below otherwise you have a chance of leakage. You do not cut shingles with a straight blade there is a wonderful product called a roofing blade (hook blade). shingles should NEVER overhang the drip edge. If you do not install shingles properly and the wind takes them off the roof your insurance will not pay for improperly installed shingles.
Ginger dude always just acts like his helping out and never does anything. I know his host but seems like he doesent know shi !!t about carpentry
where can you buy 8 inch drip edge?? help?
how do you cover the exposed tacks at the other end?
Thanks so much for sharing. I've looked and never found a video showing how to do flashing at the top of a roof that runs up to a brick wall. Its a shed I put at the side of my home. I'm guessing the flashing goes on top of where the shingles meet the wall. Is there any special way to adhere that flashing to the wall without nailing it ? Would I use screws with gaskets? Can I just glue it in place. How far up the wall should I have the tar paper go if at all? Thank you for what ever help you can provide.
I hate carpentry work, I would work on cars any day over this mess.
If you leave your shingles hanging over the drip edge they will crack and dry rot.  Also, the drip edge in this video is 5 inches,..big time overkill.!    You do not need a chalk line...   what a mess that would be.
dinosaurs love to hand bang😅
No cap nails for the felt
Please forgive this question, as it may be common sense to you more experienced guys.   But I have a sugar maple tree hanging over the left side of my house, will the sap from the tree affect my asphalt shingles? I live on the East Coast in a relatively humid area (near Va. Beach).
How do you start roofing on a pyramid hip roofs?
sweet
Hello there, have you considered Noboremed  Secrets yet? Just do a google search engine search. On there you'll  discover an awesome tips about how you can cures your skin issue safely.  Why not give it a shot? maybe it will work for you too.
Great job guys, but here is an off topic question how about the guitar background music toward the end of the video -- who is the artist??
Why would you put the rake edge under of the ice shield? I would think it should go on top. If water blows in from the side it will get on to the wood, there is no way that the water will blow up then in. I always thought that the bottom drip edge goes under and the side rake edge goes over.
I'm going to do this tomorrow. I hope it works out. Great video
#bigal Didn't mention what direction to start the ridge caps. This is determined by the direction that bad weather comes from. @Dasdfjkl
Roofing systems need to be redesigned so that roofers are able to do it successfully. With the modern 100 year old system, fifty different roofers do it fifty different ways and all fifty roofs leak.
The drip edge or flashing on the rake or gable end should go over the felt paper.  The drip edge at the fascia goes on under the felt paper.  This video shows both going under the felt which is wrong.  A driving rain from the side could get under the felt paper on the gable end side using that method but if the drip edge on the gable end is over the felt paper, any rain would be on top of the felt and run down the slope to the gutter.
you should put starter on the sides to not just on the button
Thanks a lot sir. Unvaluable.
Few of these videos address this question:  What happens if you get to the other end of the roof and you have only enough space for, say, one inch of a tab.  That tiny little shingle will look bad and will be fragile.  Anyone see what I'm saying?  How do you ensure that the opposite end of the roof from where you started will have close to a whole shingle?
Very well done gentlemen. Thank you.
Too much dumpy with these guys we are 10x faster
wow. nobody swings a hammer like you Tommy...!
No rake edge metal? No drip edge? And your nails are to high on your starts strong enough wind will get under there and could swoosh blow away a bunch
Great roofing video Tommy...Thanks you guys.
and you dont install 3 tab shingles on a 45 either. ... just stupid
also the plywood hangs over to far at the bottom your metal on gable doesnt come high enough also way to many chalk lines thats fuckin pointless no measuring tape needed!!!!
no gable starter? u shouldnt cut your starter in half as well. oh and maybe use a roofing hammer. it sucks that guys like you teach ppl improper ways to install roofs. what a joke!
this is the WRONG WAY TO SHINGLE ROOF DO NOT FOLLOW THIS IDIOT!
Additional safety tip, if you're a girl and you only wear skirts instead of pants, make sure you wear something to protect your knees from being burned. Shingles get really hot!!
Architectural Tommy.. I have not done a 3-tab in forever. Just not cost effective.
Water-tight? Not so much. On the gable, you should install the flashing OVER the felt, so wind-driven precipitation doesn't get between the felt and the sheathing. What are you, union? lol Job security, right? lol
Speaking of SAFETY... Next time, Please demonstrate the proper way to hold and drive roofing nails... Palming them and keeping your fingers flat to the roofing surface.
How do you build a dog house.
Just like Norm and his safety glasses, cannot stress the safety issue enough (good job).
Thanks for the tutoring. ......Tom makes it look so easy.
He didn't install any water and ice shield either.
I prefer slate of tile roof last much longer.
That apple watch tho
Didn't mention what direction to start the ridge caps. This is determined by the direction that bad weather comes from.
