😊
Good info! Thanks very much 😅
Gave me the final knowledge to feel comfortable fixing my neighbors kitchen faucet. Thanks
oh forgot to add love your videos be well sir!
just spent way too much time on a "Repair/rebuild" .....it was better in some respects but had a leak in a new spot....if it worked i was a hero..now I'm a zero..I should have just installed a faucet...the thing must have been about twenty years old...time for an update!/new version of the same faucet!
My delta faucet handle feels tight to move any suggestions
Thanks for your video and experience. Saved me $
Do you know what size o-rings are used for these delta faucets?
Does Amy know where there is a replacement for the 200 faucet? It’s discontinued every where I see but I don’t want to have to redo old tile around this faucet .
Why didn’t you check the ball and when should that be checked for wear? What are the signs the ball valve is bad? Thanks!
damn! I need that strap wrench!!
It's a shame they stopped making them.  I don't like the newer ones at all.
Nice video.    Thanks
Watching your video now. I have the same faucet. With mine, I'm having difficulties getting the handle off after taking the front screw off. What can you suggest is the problem?
Man! It didn't work. New faucet time. Oh well, it was a good time.
Put some Lube on it, mama
Merci pour le partage...
Thank you!
I would NOT let you lumb at my house. You have damaged the surfaces with sand paper and bare pliers creating future problems.
By chance do you remember what model faucet this is?
Why staining so much this is not a very labor-intensive job
So really how do u get it off because it’s not working at all for me
Thanks Steve that helps a lot. You sound just like my son in Staten Island, (where I am from) lol
Great job Steven!
A real plumber would have checked the sprayer nozzle.  I noticed that you did not clean the diverter valve.  Otherwise a good basic tutorial.
nice!
Nice fix..
how can you get that silver nut off without the strap wrench? Do I need to buy it from Depot first? Mine is super rusted so it doesnt come off with bare hands.. :(  Thank you!
I would have replaced the springs and donut rubber washers too while you were at it
What should I do if I can't pull the handle off... I undid the screw in the initial step, but the handle itself won't pull of.
6:45 "put a little lube on there mama, put a little lube." locker room talk. lol
Use baking soda instead of sanding paper. It's amazingly efficient. Thanks for the video. I learned a lot about my leaking problem.
Never use sand paper.  It will corrode much faster if you do.  Use a soft cleaner, grease your “o” rings and reassemble after replacing all rubber parts.
Is zat an Wyoming accent? LOL!  Thanks for the vid. Especially the tip on sanding.
Thank you! It worked. I have not had water in my kitchen sink for 1 month!
any magic on how to get a stuck chrome ring off?
Use a strap wrench, not offset pliers, to remove the cap
You didn't show how to fix it when it drips from the spout
I think I would have replaced all of the seals while it was open.
*installed *
I recently I stalled a new delta faucet and very little water is flowing even though the water pump is on all other taps has full water flow, what could be the problem
Better to fix the old made in America faucets, then put in those big box store China plastic ones Steve. After watching several videos, I have to only imagine that this "Gundy" guy was some hum dinger of a plumber.😎
Is petroleum jelly the same as plumbers grease
Thank you for another valuable lesson
she's a leaker mama
Very good as always!
What brand is the strap wrench? It looks like it bites good. I got a mastercraft one that's a piece of garbage and doesn't grip (not even any better than hand tight) and was looking to replace mine.
can any one tell me plz that if co is 3500 ppm in boiler burner what that means is oxygen is more or need to reduce natural gas.
Steve, You're probably TIRED of hearing it, but THANKYOU!  That light sanding  the inner surface is a GEM of knowledge and likely can solve for many a  leaker!  Well...except for Comey@ Have a Great Sunday - take the day off, and tell those chickens I said be  respectful...or be stew!
Wish I had a dollar for every one of these ball type Delta/Peerless faucets ive rebuilt.  Parts are cheap and last for years long as the main parts don't pit as steve talked about.
nice job steve thank you for sharing!!!!
I like Delta faucets. Delta will send free parts if they go bad if you're the original owner. I have gotten into the habit of taking mine apart once a year to clean it and lube it. In your video you can hear how much quieter and smoother the faucet turns after lube and new o-rings.
I love delta faucets for their simplicity. Easy and cheap to rebuild and they are ready for years more of service. Great job Steve. The delta is working again now mama. Leak free!
She's a Comey.
thanks steve....this was MAJOR helpful...just what i was looking for
Nice view of the ocean
If the o rings are old and leaking then I would replace the last few parts so they dont have to call me back in a month for a dripping faucet.
cheers for sharing your video Steve 😉
Great job Steve. You fixed that faucet like brand new!
Delta is makin' water again. Steve Lav.repair
is the replace new faucet will be the same price with fixing faucet ?
Thank you for making these videos,i have learned alot from watching you
how much did you charge for that service call
