The giant needs a thick cutting board, so he doesn't have to bend over.
Looks yummy. Thank you for sharing. Sending my full support.
When I was a little girl before they started selling all of our meat skinless and boneless, every roast that my mom ever cooked had a bone with marrow in the center of it. The marrow was off-limits to everyone, except my dad. Of course, that made it more desirable. Little by little he’d give us taste of it. It’s mind blowing how good it is. I was extremely sick to the point of almost dying earlier this year, and I was severely malnourished. When my appetite came back, all I wanted to eat was fat and bone marrow… I actually craved this stuff and finally begged somebody to go get me some from the grocery store freezer section. I wasn’t quite sure how to cook it so it wasn’t as good as what you’re showing, but it seemed to calm down my craving, and it was delicious. Carry on, I’m gonna subscribe to your channel
The fat will affect you more than the nutrients. I might try it once though.
2025, marrow and love…
Request for Permission to Use Materials from Channel S's Entertainment Program. Hello:) This is a Korean TV world travel program that makes international travel in their imagination a reality so that viewers can feel vicarious satisfaction. In the process of preparing for the Australia episode, I am contacting you because I have a request to show the viewers the wonderful bone marrow dish featured in your YouTube video. Could you please allow us to use your YouTube video on our broadcast screen along with the source? I look forward to your positive response. Thank you.
Not even taking the blood out?
Looks great!! Thank you
Used to eat this as a kid, mom's soup bones would have the marrow. Yummy
Where do i acquire the bones?
Hands down this is the sexiest meal I've ever
I bought two beef femur bones for $12
Yeah but it has all of the beef flavor when most of the burger joints to go to today it's flavorless beef
Making some now for the first time :0)
Ive been eating this amazing marrow sincw i was 9 years old!! Im making tonight for supper! I use the round bones because there is more marrow in them!! On a french baguette, to die for! I always have them in my freezer.
YOU LOOK SO DELICIOUS! YOU COOK AMAZINGLY! YOU CRUNCH CRUNCHES SO APPETIZINGLY
Think it'd be a good idea to put this in a Webber Kettle to smoke? Never had marrow, but just wemt on a short YT learning trip.
I'm gonna try this. I'm not fancy, though, so it'll just be me in my house way out in the woods sitting in my gaming chair watching FailArmy and eating fancy people food. Lol
Nectar of the gods😂😂😂😂😂😅
Hi, can someone tell me which bones are best to ask for to make this? Which bones do I ask the butcher to give me?
You don’t soak your bones in salt water overnight? Best recipe for bone marrow is Guga foods
Big meat Sunday is crazy 😂
Who would’ve thought I’d get to this young age of 32 and watching cooking videos 😂
Never drink like that again  Disgusting
The GOD's didnt approve you placing your chomped baggette, onto the other gorgeous toasted baggette slices .....  Were all into this game about impressing our Wives, with new kitchen skills    Time to get back to presentation basics   Love your video...
I'm currently looking for the best place near me to buy=) Thanks for making this awesome vid!
I love your tone of voice and vibes in this video so calm and explained perfectly made these myself using your method and it’s was insane good!👍🏻
You forgot to soak them over night in salt water, this Removes the Blood!
Really fantastic video. Thanks for sharing it. We're making it in the next day or so.
Sadly I cooked mine too long and the marrow shriveled up
Is there beef fat in bone marrow? I thought it was just the marrow rendered. What’s the difference between the leftover “solid” mass vs the bone marrow that’s rendered?
Good stuff ❤
I ate this so much as a child growing up.. I still love it
FRIGGEN EPIC!
I like ur recipe very quick N simple  👍😀.
Amazing chef. Funny dude
You’re awkwardness is likable!
Mary Kay Taste contest;let's work slanders'
I drink broth out of it;
30 minutes at what temp ?
You forgot oven temperature?
I work for the local grocery store;a+
This is our new favorite
Where do you get the bones from? What type do you need? Do you cut yourself? Great video
What bone do you use tho?
HE wouldn’t be so bad looking if he got his body in order???!!! 50% of the deal. 🤔🤔🤔
Recette simple rapide et….. délicieuse ❤
What ever happened to this guy? He was ahead of his time.
Thanks
Rodney Dangerfield said that at his age food is taking the place of sex for him so, he is going to put a mirror over his dinner table. I'm 65 and agree with Rodney.
Did you pre soak the bones?
Good morning SIR...Im making these today. Your Video is very helpful. TY. Feb 20th, 23.💓  (p.s. Im going to tell my Doc. either.) 😂
Bone marrow was the food that kept our ancestors alive no wonder it taste so good!
😮
What temperature in the oven???
Is it just me or the way he talk soothe anyone else ? 😂
Eating this makes me feel like a mideaivel king who lead his men on a successful hunt, came back home to the Great Hall, pounded his fist on the table, and yelled "Bring me the spoils!"
No bullshit I’m literally watching this on 1/1/23
You didn’t note the oven temp.
What kind of bone is it? Where did you get it? Heavy metals and antibiotics are stored in bone marrow...
this used to be a budget food. Now it's expensive. Not in favor anymore like it was when the video was posted.
Hey BigMeat Sunday. I don't often prepare bone marrow, but when I do, I always come back to this video! Thank you so much for your help. I couldn't've entertained my guests and served my family without you.
i’m a huge texture person so i have no idea if i’d love this or hate this lol
God bless you sir. All the other vids on this overcomplicated the process. My mouth was salivating Watching this vid. Thanks a bunch, gonna roast my bones right now!
Love it
I wanna eat bone marrow so bad
Amazing! I follow a carnivore diet and never heard of this on any channel I visit. Thank you! Can't wait to visit my butcher!
I'm from West Virginia by the way
Can somebody tell me where I can buy those kind of bone marrow bones
Bone marrow tastes so different than anything I've ate before, its buttery and delicious, unfortunately i have some bones in the freezer that aren't dissected like this for easy bone marrow access they are cut into cylinders but its ok, next time im gonna tell the butcher to cut it in half
I like to let them soak in salt water first to really clean up the bones it's more for presentation but I love doing it
Monster choppin board
Oven temp and how long??
Would adding green onion over top be too much?
You didn't say what temperature
Typical US chef:"You can find it on a European menu". No, I've been to Spain, Portugal, Germany, England... Europe is not one country haha
Blob dude?! BLOB!?????? GROSS
Easy pizie 🤘
Do they need to be soaked in cold salted water?
What's the oven temp
at what temperature do you cook it on?
What about soaking them in salty water overnight? Is it recommended?
dude what watch is that???
A cute little tip if you're cooking for a lady, cut the ends of the bread on an angle but leave a couple good inches. When you cut the nub ends in half, they make a heart shape
Wow!
Nice
Yummy 😋😋😋
😂😂this guy has the best cooking channel name on YouTube 😂😂😂
What type of bone did you just get at grocery store or butcher?
Love your channel John!!! And this recipe is simple and amazing 👌🏼💯🇺🇸
Great job  just what I was looking for to the point cooking eating BM!!
What temperature did you set the oven? You never said
So how do you get the bone in half?
Finally, someone who knows how to season properly.
The grilled bone marrow taco I randomly once tried in Mexico was a taste I would mever forget 😋
In philippines most people still thinks that bone marrow cause high blood pressure
Would be really cool if added the most important step of soaking the bones 24 hrs prior so people don’t watch your video not aware that it needs to be done to pull the blood
Season your crostini… Great video thank you!
One tip, soak your bones in salt water for 24 hours, it pulls out a lot of the blood in the marrow
Made them exactly the way you instructed and they came out AWSOME!!!  Thank you very, very and VERY MUCH!
made this last week, i decided to drizzle chili infused olive oil on my toast before putting into the oven, i am now addicted to this meal, its amazing
Oh my god that looks amazing!!! Thanks for the video.. I am trying my first bone marrow cook today
What do I ask for when I go to the butcher? Thank you
How did he cut it in halves?
Soo goood
If you invite me to your home and display this marvelous platter, and place your bread bites back in the pile I'm leaving.
I like ur recipe n method for cookn those bones.... simple and quick 👍😀
The most important question is :  WHERE IN THE WORLD DO I FIND THIS STUFF?!?  Because no stores I've ever been to, sell them.
2021?
In USA where can you buy stuff like this ?
Left out the most difficult part - how to split that bone into two long halves?
No oven temp?
I wanna try this soooo bad
My guy was hammered! New sub right here homie
Butchers these days don't do any cutting anymore. How do I get the bone split down the middle?
Thanks... I tried this the other night, and it was Delicious!.... I didn't have any bread, but I had some fancy crackers....... I will definitely make this again... super easy..... and pretty cheap. I found a pack of 8 round cut bones for 4$.....  Is that too much for 1 person? I ate it all..... A great appetizer, but I had it for supper.....
That was rude. Throwing your dirty towel at us.
Yum!!!!!
So you’re not supposed to soak them in salt to take the blood out
What type of bones do you buy, and where?
Oh man,,,that’s a great idea...I am gonna see where I can get me some bones...Thanks...
My mom made these in my pho and I thought it was a bone so I gave it to my brother and now I realize it was a beef bone marrow 🧍‍♀️
this video makes me hungry
They use a green screen cuz they couldn’t find a kitchen big enough for this dude
People are basically eating bones at this point
You're my type of guy.
I’d use real garlic just me but looks great
I got a Beef Wellington at a restaurant and they gave this as a side. I had no idea what it was, and now I do.
What temp. do we cook this at?
great video, excellent information. thank you, john.
"you can use this for dinner parties. It's really elegant." Next shot is him wiping grease off his face with an ENTIRE TOWEL 😂
Looks so good. I think that I missed the temp setting?
Looks amazing, where can I get the 🦴 s
I love to get bone marrow but I don’t know where to get the type you have unless you have a butcher I’m your area
This isn’t a European thing and it isn’t expensive
fake! i made these at the family reunion but my parents still think i'm a failure and a mistake and also where's my brother?
you could find this almost everywhere in the Philippines for about 1-5 dollars per serving. comes with soup too.
To be honest, I think the olive oil was overkill for the bread (It could not soak the fat of the marrow anymore). For the rest, good Idea :) (Exept the parsley. Why, why, why? just to have some green stuff that contributes nothing? :P )
how long was it in the oven ?
bottoms up= put the left bread on the cuttingboard
what’s the temperature in the oven?
I like the cutting board on a cutting board technique!
Can you get it at your local grocery store?
1:34 If you soak it in salt water, it's gonna pull out all the blood
Where you purchases the bones from though 🤔
That sounded and looks sooooooooo goood
Do a shot of sherry using the bone as a luge when your done 👌
I freaking love bone marrow
I have only just started eating bone marrow and OMG what have I been missing out on all these years. What a great starter.
Poopy Cacas
Do you have to soak them in salt water to get rid of the blood?
Hannibal the cannibal brought me here
thnx
when your lit n will eat anything, I love marrow tho LOL , 10/10 video , wish he made more
Got a question. I have some bone marrow but it was cut crosscut not lengthwise. Would you bake it lengthwise or with the bone marrow end straight up and down?  Thanks. Got to try this. Keep up the good work.
Oh man, haven't had Prairie Butter in so long! That's what it's typically called in my neck of the woods. So hard to find the bones cut the right way.  Local butchers are pretty much the only places you can get them.
This guy does not skip out on the seasoning and I LIKE THAT
what’s that drink in the beginning?
I swear I could eat like 7+ of that bone marrow, thats one of my favorites that I rarely get to eat. Thanks for the amazing recipe, I will try it. Plus, I like how you generously add the spices and what not to the dish. really get those flavors going !
I didn’t think bones had that much meat in them ... aren’t only bird bones hollow?
tried it today it tastes like pure oily fat which is very different from what i had at the restaurant, any specific bone i should use to make this recipe? thanks.
I finally got to try this today! This was a hit! Thank you for the video!
Pro tip, take another bite so it looks like you enjoy it.
Can anyone tell me what the texture is like?
Waooo
Where do you buy it? I don’t even think my local meat market or butcher has it.
I’d describe it as meat butter
It was all delicious even without that bread.
But where can i buy it cut like that?
I love you man keep up the good work this channel is amazing.
What temperature did you say to cook it at ? Also, where can you find that bone?
dude why youre so red
I want mine boneless
So, the fact that you are an alcoholic and unable to make a single video without having a drink first does nothing for your credentials in the kitchen. You might want to say what oven temp to use. Did not hear you mention it at all. Stopped watching after you said you forgot something.
You forgot to mention that beef bone marrow can spike your cholesterol levels off the charts!!
My butcher didn't cut mine in half (he'd only ever sold it to dog owners before!). Do I need to get it cut?
The marrow is the tastiest part of the animal, in my country we never eat the marrow alone, we just put the bone in a stew or soup it gives them a tasty beef flavour and then we take what's left of the marrow out and eat it.
Something about him i dont trust
Dont use oil. Use butter.
People wouldn't be vegetarian if they tasted bone marrow
we have been eating this for years in the uk we spread it on toast..you do a very good recipe keep up the good work my friend
Gross
Thanks, it's delicious !!!!
"SOME" salt???
This dude has a cutting board on a cutting board.
Does anyone remember the video of the sad old man making nachos. Well this seems like it’s just as depressing.
missing the dijon.
"were gonna do some fancy shimancy stuff" LOL
You can remove the blood by letting the bones stay in salted water a couple hours
Best taste in the world =Beef  Bone marrow
I’ve had Alaskan moose and caribou bone marrow before. So good...
what is the temp in the oven? 375?
Just me or was he pushing the bread too hard
I chop the bone with axe
Hi, was the bone marrow out of the fridge or freezer? Thanks.
This stuff is not just really good - it's also extremely healthy. Bone marrow is absolutely full of crucial nutrients.
Just made this. Delicious! Now I'm going to use the bones to make bone broth. Gotta get ALL the meaty goodness out of the bones.
Where can i buy this pre cut like that ?
Cooking this right away! Great video!
John where can I get the bones like you have on this video?
Can't explain it but I don't trust this guy.
So weird how he took a bite out that bread then placed on top of another piece lol. He couldn’t have finished it?
Pro tip* Never put a hot pan on your wooden cutting board. Even if you use a towel, it's bad practice.
Nectar, along with Ambrosia, were the nourishments that Olympic Gods were feeding on and by what they were becoming immortal and gain their strength.  Nectar was the juice of flowers (it’s the same name it’s used for the juices bees take from flowers to make honey).  Nectar is also called the drink of the 12 Olympic Gods.  Ambrosia was the food of Gods of Ancient Greece and also the food for the horses of the Gods. They also used to use it to smear their bodies to keep it young, and they used it on the dead bodies so they didn’t decompose.  Mortal people couldn’t taste ambrosia – which was nine times sweeter than honey – unless they were of favor of one of the Gods
Do you cook this from frozen?
This is a brilliant recipe for a party appetizer
Bone marrow is so flavorful n buttery smooth
So where i can get bone marrow?
Nice video. nectar of the Gods LoL
Where can I buy the bone in the USA?
Eat the whole piece of bread
Guys I Swear I just got $4521.on my account from this tool  besttoolswork.online/?7u90aS Great work...
Love this video
Shaken there pal.. think the drink has got a hold of you...
Is it me or his house look fake af
Where do i get the bones and how do i split them?
That stuff is like gold to me!  Mouth is watering just watching.  Thank you!!!!
Just be careful with bone marrows. There are some good benefits from this but still its very high of cholesterol. Make sure you eat it with moderation.
This made me drool. Here in the Philippines, bone marrow is very popular. It's commonly served in beef stews partnered with rice.
I tried it and it tastes amazing. Thank you Sir.
No one asked how he cut this bone in two?
Good video amigo,,,, and by the way that's a nice cutting board you have your kitchen man,,, I love it ,,  probably weights a ton Ha,,, hello from boise idaho usa
🤝👍🏻💯
Worth the heart attack
We call it gods butter
Which bone and from which animal?
So cool - do you just ask your butcher for cut bones? Also, I love your kitchen and your massive cutting board.
In Philippines you can just order it for around 4 dollars.
High in cholesterol!
Good job I dont have to talk because Im salivating too much
Hello! What part of the cow is this? how do you buy it?
I'll fucking pass
Is that a cow bone or is it pig
What kind of bone is it and where would I find it?
Omg I want!! I'm making this tomorrow!
Your awesome ma dude🔥🍻
I'm in 2018 watching this
Where do you buy bones like these?
That is the biggest mutha fucking cutting board I've ever seen
Goodbye Arteries...
Is this safe for person with high blood pressure?
Is this vegan?
Where do you go to get this bone? Like will supermarkets have this? What do you ask for specifically to get the split bone like you showed? Great vid by the way
Wow I'm craving for those
Is that blood?
That is fucking disgusting
now I want to cook human bone marrow
TRYIN THIS SOON! Looks awesome!
Awesome stuff as always bro. I actually been wanting to make this dish and had my own twist on it, but will have to try this way.
Any idea on how to get Cow shin bone?
So I'm gonna try this soon at a local restaurant in the next few weeks and I'm wondering what it tastes like? I love beef and pork fat. Is it similar? How would you describe it as far as something I might know...
How do u buy that?What's the average cost ?
Someone give this man a high five.
this guy is awkward, cant cook and doesn't speak so well. and he's boring.
If you have any gutts, eat dead cow or any animal flesh...
We eat this with soup in my country.
Can I make this if the bone is whole and not split?  What would be the difference in cooking time?
nice 1
💜💜💜💜
Awesome! Will be trying this!!
whats the degrees when cooking 30-35mins?
Bone Marrow from a moose is amazing too! Great video!
Where did you buy the marrow and how'd you get it cut like that ? I live in so cal
Looks delicious! Thanks for sharing!
Hahaha could see the look on this guys face at the end. He was definitely enjoying it!
"european or french"
Is this dude just wasted for every video?
that looks so delicious
Do I ask the Butcher to cut bone in half...?
Where do you find bone marrow? That looks so delicious, how much does it go for in price? Did you use the rendered beef fat to coat the bread and then toast them?
this is a aquire tast, we were raised with this delicacy,  I go to the farm, butcher. I find it is more human for the animals.
Hello there. That appetizer looked amazing. I love bone marrow !  :)
omg look at the huge fkn cutting board
Hes so awkward
I'm literally salivating. Last time I had some bone marrow was about 15 years ago, however, mum used to cook it in a soup (soup made of meat and bones), then we would dig it out from the bone and put pinch of salt on it. It was the cherry on the cake for us.
That's an awful lot of salt, mon ami
This smoked grilled bone marrow sounds very delicious, and is probably very taste, but it is artery clogging animal fat.   I am not a vegetarian.   I suppose it is not too bad if you enjoy this taste delight once a while and not very often.     Heart care
Looks awesome!
That looks absolutely delicious. I must try this. Thanks for the recipe @bigmeatsunday
i like mine on top off plain steam jasmine rice with a side of kimchi
yes, nectar of the gods would describe it perfectly :)
So i guess the bone just magically splits itself like that...
Where do you buy these bones?
Looks so good!  I just posted a video about bone marrow.  Just found your channel and looking forward to following!
never tried bone marrow before but oh man you make it look so yummy hah
dig it!! your channel the sheiit bro thanks
is there blood in the marrow?
thanks for the lesson
is that upper part of the cows leg or the bottom
What temperature did you cook it on?
wow this looks so mouth watering bout to try this.
I bought bone marrow yesterday ...was searching for a perfect recipe and found you ...love your recipe ..I am gonna make it today !!!
ohhh gosh, really need this yumm
Who needs sushi when you can have this?
Yay!!!
This is what I've been craving for years!  Had it in many a fine restaurant. Now I know how to make it myself.  Never knew it was so darn easy!
That looks good and I've put it on my list as something to try.
great.. now I HAVE to try this. I am one step closer to a heart attack lol
Is bone marrow good ??????????
what kind of apple-pie eating pig wrestlin idiot country crock vanilla Wonderbread whiteboy has never eaten bone marrow? Ashamed of my countrymen.
Tasty? Sure is... but not that healthy. High on cholesterol.
We also make beef marrow mashed potatoes
This might sound like a dumb question, but I don't know much about Marrow, but I'm guessing it would have a lot of Iron in it right? I'm asking because I'm not able to eat meat due to health problems and I'm very anemic. TFS & take care :)
I grew up in a little town called Marrowbone Ky,google it but don't blink or you will miss it LOL...I always love bone marrow,yummmAA!!! Big thumbs up from a Marrowbonian :)
this kind of food is so easy to forgett ..thanks for sharing ...and now i understand why dogs are crazy about bones they just know there is something good inside them :)
Wow! Very interesting.. You have dying to try some now. What kind of bone was that, and did it come already perfectly cut open like that? Great vid, Cheers John!!
Happy New Year John! Will try this recipe. Regards to Patti.
This is an excellent example of why I love your channel John. You take great ideas for food and show everyone how easy it is to make in your own home for much less than going out. Awesome video brother!!! Wishing you a Happy New Year brother!!!
Happy new year brother, the bone jelly is awesome. Glad you made this.
drool, slobber, and stuff goes onto the keyboard, shorting it out... unable to type...must have marrow... Please don't tell the zombies that brains were what they really want ;) I believe you've got that treasure right there!  (Scarecrow magically transports to Big John's location)...  It's OK John...that shuffling noise your hear beyond your deck, in the distance... you're not in danger... pay no attention that scratchy huffily sound, it's just the wind... damn these dry straws! I can't sneak up on anybody anymore! Good thing you got those inside before I got there ;)
Did you have the butcher cut the bone in half for you?
Bone Marrow never tryed this, but if you say it's good it must be, not hard to put this together. A must try!
Been way to long since I have enjoyed some marrow. Thanks for the great video John!
Never tried it but, I will. Looks uber greasy though. Anyway.. thanks for sharing another interesting food source.  Happy New Year from The Land of 10,000 frozen Lakes.  :)
Shoot I'm late again. That's just like me coming around late but guess what? I bet I beat you to PS15! Yeah I know, I'm cheating since it's only 40 minutes away. Hope your coming with some cooking ideas!
My favorite thing in the whole world.  I agree, this is fantastic!
Did you see that marrow just a bubblin' away. Man that looked good. Thanks for sharing.
How did you know I enjoy bone marrow?  Especially love your to the point "bada-bing" style, John..happy new year!!
Nice presentation on one of my favorite things to eat! You have a Happy New Year! Cheers!
I guess big meat Sunday turns into bone marrow Monday huh!  I've always wanted to try that.  In all my travels I've never found it.  Tank top is a real picky eater, how am I gonna get her to try that.  Happy new year brother!
Happy New Year to you too John! I've never had Bone Marrow, I've got to try it. That looks so good.
I always use the bone marrow to make soups. Never had it on toast before, but sounds like a great idea.
I like the Amish look!
Are those Victorinox kinives you use?
You left out the most important bit... What exactly is that bone? I assume you did not cut it yourself. What should I ask the butcher for??
That looks awesome, I chew the marrow on a good Tbone but that is the way to go!
its funny, u say elegant when most people think u are eatin the fat from a bone,,,,of course these are the people that have never had anything as good as this,,,,,one of my favorite dishes john,,,,,i give u credit for showin people it aint all about prime rib,,,,,yummy stuff here guy for sure=====happy new year
John did you take my dogs bone ? she cant find it  cheers Robert
WOW bro, looks amazing!
Happy New Year!
Good stuff for sure, I love it.
Want some whisky with your ice mate? Looks good though! Gonna make this for new years.
I must admit that I was skeptical about this at first, But now I want it!
You guys were raving about bone marrow out there in Vegas, now I see why. Looks amazing.
I'm a big fan of bone marrow. I always describe it as Gods butter. A couple thoughts for you. Recently I had some bone marrow where the bone was cut the way you have yours and they did these cross cuts through the marrow prior to roasting it and it helped it bubble up some making it easier to dig out in small sections. You can also take the marrow and drippings and fold it into butter with some garlic powder then freeze it to make some amazing steak butter. Another way I've had it is to take the same combination and grate it over a micro plane to make marrow snow for pasta dishes.
That looks amazing John!  Fancy shamancy indeed... I love it!  Wishing you and yours a happy and blessed New Year!
Looked KILLER John!  I am a huge fan of marrow!  Cheers brother!!
Great job on those bones. My mouth was watering.
That looked great John!  Can you buy these already cut in half?  I'll have to look for these.  Really awesome cook brother!
Looks amazingly delicious. Very rich and good for you as well. TFS
You had me at fan y shamancy lol looks fabulous
Gonna talk to my local butcher re this.  Good idea, good video. John V. Karavitis
That looked delicious John!  Happy New Year!
very cool video man.  I like marrow.  Thanks for sharing this. J
Another great video - love this channel. What type of bone are using? I love getting this at restaurants, never thought it was so easy. A couple places in Boston are charging $13-$15 for what you got here.   One question - which bone are you using? Was it hard to get the bone, i.e. what do you say to the butcher?
Like butta! Take care
Could you sous vide bone marrow? It loses so much moisture/size when you roast it. I'm wondering if it would suit the sous vide + blowtorch treatment. To Google!
Does bone marrow even qualify as "meat?" LOL looks good but I can't get past the fact that it's bone marrow. I'll try whatever you cook next week.
John, I knew what it was. I have heard of it and seen it on menus but have never tried it. I am going to have to change that! Very intriguing and nicely done!
Oh man that makes me sick to my stomach bro! LOL I've been around people that suck the marrow out of the bones on fried chicken and stuff. They break the bones and eat the marrow. It's one of those stomach churning things to me! The bread looked good though! Hahaha
I've never tried it, but I used to deliver it in a previous career situation... Always wondered about it. Thanks for posting this, John, now I know (what all the shoutin' was about along the front range of the Rockies).
Ooh the marrow is the best part! Wow this would taste delicious John. Lol I've never seen a video on this before. Kiddos to you
I'll have to try that !
Looks amazing,,I've never tried it yet, so I'm more curious what it tastes like then anything...lol
You shouldn't have shown the Doomsday preppers this its going to give them to many ideas. Looks tasty my friend.
BADDA BING
Once you try it you'll be hooked...  Great Video.............
