Vc e muito bom , infelizmente Não é em português, mas a legenda ajuda um pouco PROFESSIONAL ❤
wow sir your amazing 👌you explained very well , i am from india
The Gray granite doesn't exist anymore on newer versions of photoshop. Is their an alternate pattern or recommended one?
Absolutely excellent video, I could follow, understand and complete my goal. Thank you.
GREAT tutorial, thanks a lot!!!
thank you teacher
thanks ^^
its very helpful tutorial but i cant remember all blending value , how can i remember all blending value plz help me.
your all video i like
Awesome and very very helpful
Awesome !!!
Marty since I started to watch your channel I was able to do my own logos for my comic books. Thank you. And I will tell people about your channel. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1197020690/ruby-and-the-warriors-of-dion-1?ref=6enyvk&token=05c6c33c
like
sir plz make video on how to digital render car and how to create templets for portfolios as soon as possible plzzzzzz
Pretty new to Blue Lightning TV but thank you so much for such awesome tutorials.  I am amazed once I have followed a tutorial, how much remains.  Your tutorials have made me fall in love with photoshop.
You are so awesome!!
Amazing... Amazing ...Amazing...! 👍
Or just screen shot it and print it if you have those initials
is it okay if i don't do the background? its just for my t shirt logo
This tutorial was really helpful. Thank you!
can some one make me the exact same one but with the letters SM
it wont let me do Lens flare
whats this editor site
thanks fotr the tutorial +blue lightning TV
Thank you So much for this Tutorial.I think you will see my Logo change by the time you read this Comment..Cheers !!! :-)
Why do you always make the images a odd pixel? How about a normal size for a change. 1920 by 1080,1366 by 768 ect....
how do I do this on elements 11?
in 9:32 he said (and change the blend mode) its (and change the technique)
Will you be making a template of this?
Thx buddy turned out better than expected
You are the best ...............
for YouTube banners channel, should I choose a resolution of 150 or 300? I want the best quality  thank you!
i have a problem my text is not so smooth as yours, you can see these dotish things of lavender all over it same thing with my outer shape. i think the problem is that for the gloss contour i it doesn't have labels so i just clicked the one that looks like it
Thank you so much..i learn alot of new things from you..You're really great at giving tutorials.
You're tutorials are great!!!
OMG!Thanks you
Get up to 20% off Photoshop + Lightroom! Only $7.99 p/month: https://db.tt/4PNmz1S8
marty your tutorial are best always..........but can you make 3d Text design in your Next tutorial
Can you make a logo for me? Its to tricky for me LogoName or in THE logo text  JRG   Please do this for me :)
Thanks sooo much
I don't have gray pattern ...
I know this is late but can it be done the same way with Photoshop CC?
can someone make me one please? Thats says NBK
Thanks! It taught me something new. I may or may not use what I created but that's ok. It was a useful video! Thanks to the creator and ***** for bringing this to my attention!
Excellent video!  Thanks a lot!
what photoshop do you use
BEST LOGO CREATOR  helpful thank you!  ·
TENGKYUU GGWP
i cant click on filter gallery
I cant get the spinning icon when you turning the square?
I cant click on lens flare
thanks, you have new subrscriber here :D
thank you so so so much
great video \
I don't understand!? I do everything as the tutorial and everything is fine until I do the part where you make the carbon fiber. The "glass" won't apply! Please answer :(
thanks
Blue Lightning TV  does it work with the resolution 1920x1080? 1920x1080
Blue Lightning TV  9:20 when you need to copy a copy to a text or something my text went silver what can i do
I'm using the latest version, CC. Whenever I copy the FX to the text I loose the FX for the shape itself, I was wondering if you had any tips?
You need a better Mic man
thnx it helped a lot!
how to find the middle? i mean how to see the mouse coordinates?
THANKS VERY MUCH YOU ARE SO HELPFUL !!! <3
Hi
BEST LOGO CREATOR EVER!!!! so helpful thank you!!!
Where do you go to do this stuff like what's this app called?
WOOOOW this is sooo complicated
Can someone do this for me with the v and j and a lightgreen color?
But can you set it as your logo on yt
can someone make a youtube channel pic for me
for the Layer Style, how can i get that same box or similar when using Adobe Photoshop Elements 12? Thanks in advance
lens flare wont work :(
How do you change the text colors?
Can this work with three characters?
how to remove background when you finish everything ?
thanks im just having trouble uploading it to my channel
How can I make this my channel logo now? If I renter the image size it makes the logo look bad.
awesome tutorial brw , i m now perfect in this
I wish I had a penny for everytime one of your tutorials has been paused. Excellent presentation, thank you!
Thanks a lot this was really helpful :)
Can you make this into  brush. If so. How?
could someone help i'm having trouble. I made it to the part where you put the lens flare but my filter gallery won't open plz someone comment and help
Thank you :)
cool
Filter>Render>Lens frame its grey cant select it!
I want to thank you so much for the help you have given me in Photoshop, it was because of you that im very good at my career and its because of your tutorials that i can design whatever i want using photoshop, thank you so much BLTV
When I copied the FX and pasted it, the triangle thing became black and the text was color
What is this program called? How and where do i download it, or does it cost?
What program do you use?
excellent video, is it possible to make other than square shape of the background (i mean the blue square)? if yes, how? thanks for answer.
Is my logo okay it took me a while if playing around in Photoshop. I think it's alright.
Thank you very much!
When i set the gradient to "2efdff"  it becomes blue, but when i change the inner glows blend mode to dissolve and increase the size it becomes grey for some reason..
Thank you!!
The picture is to big to fit in?
Whats the url?
Whats the url?
is this possible on PSE 11?
Best Photoshop tutorial on YouTube... Nice work!
f me that was one surgical presentation. much apreesh!
Thanks, :)
Bro how can i put a text with two lines like:         BLUE LIGHTNING TV
thanks
How to put the emblem in my computers album as a photo
an awesome tutorial KEEP IT UP!!!
UKF Dubstep Tutorial (Presented by Dubba Jonny)  I found the speaker.
very good job ..... but why do you copy the layers?
how i get gold color??
Bro my filter gallery is blurred out ...What to do ?
A few seconds I click the pause :D
WTF your very smart
Thank You
Damn i cant do any of this xD im new to photoshop i made a realy easy channel art is anyone interested in making me a channel logo for 10 dollars on steam ??
I can't make the diamond with the square using shift and alt
I got a request if anyone is willing. Eh, I don't have PS sadly and I have no artistic skill once soever but if anyone could I am looking for a logo to have an "F" and a "2" kinda in a font like this http://webdesignledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/more_fonts_19.jpg but with a bad ass looking fox head in the background, maybe letting the "F2" be on top of it, intercepting the fox head in the lower left corner? Also, the color scheme would be a mixture between a normal shade of blue and maybe an icy shade.
Sick Brah!
Awsome Tutorial can you do one in CS5?
I think that's a really good tutorial :)
yeah… that was pretty fast
next time, go slower,,, pleaseeee i had to pause it so much and still couldn't keep up
this is hard please we wont Easy
Is this photoshop cs6
:D
thx you it helped me a lot
I love your tuts they are so strait foreword and easy to under stand for a newbiew like myself you earned a like and a sub my friend
Thanks for the tutorial its helpfull :)
I need help!!! After I do the retangule,this does not make me a rectangle, but a circle!
Apparentley it's not the right file type ???
Best tutorial ever!
my background wont turn black
everything went well accept for the colour and look of the overall thing... yours was nice and glossy but mine stayed that just colour effect. please help!!!!!ill watch it again and try once more but if that doesnt work i need help... Thanks!
Can someone make me one custom logo emblem please. Message me on my youtube channel and i will describe how i want it :) thx
hay can we use photoshop cs5 for this ?
Top tutorial eu!
Can someone make me an logo ? I'm going start making videos and well I've seen someone with this logo. I'm scared that they might shut down my account for copyright. I would really appreciate it.
Thank you for these videos! So easy to follow and explained very well :-)
You sound like jiraiya from naruto :p
i dont have the blending options so that i can choose stroke
THANK YOU SOOOOO MUCH
Wow the amount of people with the same lgo haha
thnksss man...you've done hell of a job....................subscribed
I cant choose the filter gallery!, Its gray for me... ;_;
BL is my initials Ben Leach lol
great video man
Great tut Blue Lightning :) thanks a lot!
how do you group layers together?
Marty is a standing for a robot or drone the way IT makes the videos makes me wonder
WOW im really impress with your videos the way you explain every thing is amazing! thank you one more time
awesome thanks! had a blast trying this
i only watch this video so much because i keep forgeting how to make carbon fiber
i cant use Lens Flare :( Help??
The best tutorial I've ever seen! Thank you so much! This was quit helpful! This guy deserves a thumbs up Guys!
Always succeed with u! :-) Great
when i copy the text it becomes white, how do i keep it blue?
Hey Blue :3 when i want to make the square thingy and hold shift + alt it only follows my cursor so it doesn't go to the four corners. Can you help :3
WOW! Nice tutorial Awesome!! :D
Thanks man, nice tutorial.
Boss
Nice one
Where can I get the gray granite pattern overlay?
You sound very professional and you helped me a lot. You should keep doing different designs also.
Wont let me click lens flare...why?
Hi BL TV, Thanks for your tutorial, i was wondering how i can change the text color ?
My photoshop doesnt work any can any one of you guys help me out for my channel if you can make a logo like this but it says LG and its fits youtube profile pictures and if you do it kik me the picture on kik at LnD v Drifter o Thanks.
Its funny how almost of people who commnet have a logo like this..
Thnxs
really professional tutorial!
Marty you are the man,your talent worth's a fortune!
Thank you!  You can see my YouTube Channel Logo :))
thx for ths vid
Thank's a LOt!
when I press control A it says it will close the project when trying to check if it is centered
lol I copyed this and it doesn't look as dark blue'sh really annoying me
Nice Tutorial. 1 Like And Subscribe For You ^^
I Wish That All Tutorials Were Like This.
i cant do ctr + j to copy the layer! doesnt work
The writing isn't showing up
always great watching your tutorials thanks dude
GFX:er here, skype me @ imobeey
Will this work for the youtube logo thing?
YOU ARE THE BEST MAN I'VE EVER WATCH! WELL DONE! I AM IMPRESSED!
Can you design a clanlogo for our clan ?
the shift nd alt is working :P can someone help?
Its funny how 90% of the comments have tried this and uploaded it as their profile pics :P
My photoshop doesnt have transform selection what do i do instead
Thanks man very helpful I did the and I got it thank you very much!
Your video it`s very very good and I make as your ;)
Thanks, Helped alot :)
Look at all the people in the comments with the logo from this tutorial :P maybe ill do the same to fit in. lol
thanks, very nice tutorial,  GRACIAS
you just earned another subscriber :D
I want to make an animated logo emblem
Thank you so much for the tutorial!!! Check out my logo here: http://www.house-mixes.com/profile/prokinno http://www.mixcloud.com/ProKinno/ And you can also check out my mixes. :)
It wont let me select lens flare?
what program is this
Why is does remove color make my lens flare tan and not gray?
Will this work in Photoshop CS5 Extended?
It's good, but always turns out blurry
Thanks
I cant open lens flares Help
ⓃⒾⒸⒺ
sick it really helped a lot :)
can you convert it to a regular picture file
i subbed because i need a lot of help with photoshop!
great video
I like you Blue Lightning TV...
Thanks a lot!!!!!
excellent video
Thanks Dude
why dont i have the functio to lens flare ?
i dont have "Filter Galler" help me!
This was really awesome, thank you very much :)
can u tell about that lens flare in more detail
where i can download photo shop  cs6 ?
How can make it my Profile pic
Whenever I change my text to white it changes the foreground colour as well and it wont let me type. Please Help :/
thanks so much i finally made my first logo for youtube
nice tutorial thank you very much....and please keep the fire blazing
Can't change to black it says "the object "front layer" is not currently available."
thank you so much, first time making a logo ;D
When I hold shift and alt to pull out the corners of the square it expands the entire square. How do I fix this?
Thanks Dude :)
thx
Thx so much so cool
Thanks!
My text is under my base what to do ????
your tutorial is the best. everything go in steps, so clear and easy to understand for newbies like me. Thank you.
Hey Dude.. My Photoshop CS6 does'nt have Filter Gallery.. What Should I Do?
Thanks heaps man
i got it :)
i dont have the fx stroke
My photoshop CC doesn't have the Lens Flare... Can you link me to download?
I'm having the same issue as Murray Tietelbaum. At the 9:14 mark you say to trash the effects, but when I do that it turns all of my text back to white. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong either.
Strange when I did the trash effects at 9:14 my text went white and I backtracked a bit and could not find out where I went wrong, so my finished letters have a chrome look without the color, any ideas on what happened?
When ever i go to put in the writing it just keeps flashing black :/ please help
How do i make it a JPG? It wont let me upload it to YouTube. Please help.
I've figured out the lens flare issue. At the point where you set the resolution to 1200 and 900 pixels, my Mac defaults to inches instead of pixels. Once I changed it over to pixels I was able to bring up the lens flare option correctly.
I'm stuck at the same spot that SimpleLOL was. I have changed my background color to black, but when I go into Filter> Render> Lens Flare, the Lens Flare option is always greyed out. Nothing I've tried has seemed to make any difference. Anyone have any ideas??
OMG! Almost everyone has a logo picture lol Good video too
What is the link to create logo?
Lol, 50% of the guys that watched it changed their picture on youtube to that logo
Really cool Logo thank you very much
I do see lens flare on CS6, its closed..
thanks
This guy is the male siri :')
the first layer does not pop up when i enter the pixels and stuff in the very beginning PLEASE HELP!!!
wont let me go in filter thig
I combined this way with another a bit hard of a way to make my logo
i cant follow...! huhuhuhu
amazing job :D
i cant find FX help
I can't find the fx button in Photoshop elements 9 pls help
How can I get the Picture to my desktop? Please help!
What app are you using?
THANK YOU BRO
Best tutorial on YouTube
The lens flare box is grayed out. I have set it RGB Mode and 8bits
THANKS BRO! <3
2:21 is not working!
check it out biatch :)
when i try to type the text it just creates blank black new layer
OH MY GOD THANK YOU SO MUCH
If you come to my channel I make YouTube Graphics for free
I made one for my new channel :D Thanks
Thank you very much, great tutorial for a beginner like me
So glad that I have you as my favorites and subcribed 1K thanks
Just made my own emblem with the help of this tutorial! Thank you so much!
Thank You So Much!
Im so fuckin proud of my emblem, i followed your other vid but this one is sweet too
Love this and the other one thanx so much!
If you are having trouble centering the lens flare, you can alt click the preview window and enter in coordinates. My logo was 800 by 800 pixels, so I entered the coordinates 400, 400.
I cant use the rectangle marqee tool D: PLEASE HELP!
It wont allow me to type someone help :(
cool
i really need help on my channel just look at it i want a logo that says flickshotzz_com could you create one and send it to me please
Please Show How to Make .GIF Banners!
Amazing video man!
Ultra cool video thanks verry much!!!!!!
You are great and awesome subbed CONRATS
I love you man!!! (Totally not a gay thing).... thanks
muito mais muito bom mesmo... todos os dias eu visito esse canal
Dumb question where is photoshop located on a computer
I like your voice and your delivery. I think you could have done without the red boxes (sketch) since the mouse is highlighted
Gonna shut up now but seriously for the guys having lens flare issues. read Below.
Another beauty of this channel, awesome!
amazing thanks alot!!!
what should i do if when i click lens flare it doesnt show up its like grey instead of black
Nice tutorial! liked and subbed, loved the result :)
What if you cant go to the filter gallery
thanks man >>> very nice tutorial  #PROMISE   i need more videos like this amazing :D LIKE LIKE!!!!!
dat dutch tought
Thanks for the Tutorial bro. I made one LOGO for my clan :) Subbed you and i will watch more from you ;)
Holy Einstein, Batman.  I'm going to have watch this recipe several times to get it right.  Sweet results though!
Sir Why when i drag the fx on Txt Layer even i press alt key.... when i release it ... the triangle drawing is became black? i using cs5 extended... pls advice tnx
Uhm, no linear burn on gradient overlay
please BLT upload the psd file
cam u make me one that says EG plz its for my clan
It won't let me click on "Lens Flare" what do I do?
thank you :)
sorry im very very very new but how do you open it on a photo viewer i saved it and when i open it, it only opens it on photoshop
Blue im folowing your this video and about 6:21 your blue shape is not the same then i have and i follwed all the right steps. The blue is not qual as yours can you help me with it?
is there a easy way to get evrything in the middle?
lol at people in the comments who display pictures all look similar.
I can't copy my Layer!!!???? control J doesn't work, please help!
thank you i've made my logo
he bro  can you make that for my but with KS  please
Looks beautiful!
Thanks..
I have a problem, when I go into select there is no transform selection because I don't have CS i have a nooby version. Is there a way around this please?
you are great, thanks!
awesome thanks
haha thats my initals
thats not give me to do filter render then the lens flare
Wow thanks man +1 sub u helped with loads
Nevermind, fixed it.
It won't let me upload the picture onto Google+ even though I changed it to JPG and PNG and tried to use the original.
Amazing tutorial! +1 subscriber!
Do you have skype?
thanks alot, you deserve a subscribe
when i enter my text im holding alt and the left arrow but it aint working plzz help??
When I do Ctrl + A AC makes me if I want to save my file help please
best ever Br0
It won't allow me to click on lens flare even though I own a full version of Photoshop CS6. Why is this?
I don't have grey granite in pattern overlay. Can I download it?
The Photoshop scratch disk is your hard drive. PS uses your hard drive as temporary "swap" space, or virtual memory, when your system doesn't have enough RAM to perform an operation.   Go to Edit > Preferences.  You need to clear some space on whatever drive is defined as the scratch disk in Photoshop Preferences. Also, defragment your hard disk. You may need to install more ram, too.
DUUde when i try to open a new file it says scratch disks are full pls help
:v
wow cool :P
??????  If you have a CD, just pop it into your CD drive. If you have a Creative Cloud account, just click on the Photoshop icon.
how do u install photoshop
I could just see the full extent of the tutorial! Just great! Will try later in the evening, Godwillingly... Thank you, Marty :D
Hi Marty! Great intro :D I'm a fan of your old tutorial! God bless
is it possible that you do the best tutorials on youtube? you got my vote Thanks dude.
You most likely made it to big
Download what?
Where should we download it?
Thanks
Thanks for the help dude, you really deserve that "like" .
Thank you
Tr7...Think of layers as the "bricks" that create your final image. A layer that's above another layer can hide or effect the layer below it.  To learn the basics of Photoshop, take advantage of the 30-day, FREE, trial at Skillfeed that you can get through Blue Lightning TV. (Everyone else just gets a 7-day, free trial). Go to my website: bluelightningtv(dot)com and click on "BLTV News".  There's a clickable link that takes you directly to the offer. Zero obligation.
Please can you explain what layers do and why they are useful, also, why some layers have to go underneath others?
Why can i not show the whole logo? at youtube
SkånesKnug...Image > Mode > RGB, 8 bits/per Channel
I have a question , how would you incorporate a simple drawing into the logo?? Im trying to come up with a good watermark for my artwork . :)
thanx man,you are the best and you make the best tutorials on you tube for P.S,thanx fo all what you do for us!
Thanky you man !!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH. CHECK OUT MY NEW LOGO AND MY CHANNEL ART only possible because of this great tutorial! Keep it up Blue Lightning TV
How would you make it a circle?
Thank you :) this helped me out a lot with photoshop :D
thanks man nice logo  i mean really great job
Thank you so much for providing this .... thats soooo cooooolllll .....
barnescycle...To discuss this further, please let me know your email address. Send it to: bluelightningtv@gmail.com
How much would you charge to make me a custom logo similar to the one on this video?  Email me I would realy like to have one but don't have the time or ability ..thanks
LoL Power...Sorry if you're finding the tutorial moves too fast for you. Balancing the right amount of speed & information for every level of viewer is challenging.  Thank goodness for the Pause & Rewind buttons.
You are amazing. I've watched this video like a thousand times. its soo good.
YOU GO TO FAAAAST!!
Check out the latest mixes on my channel :)
FIKQ Clan...If you want to save the entire PSD file, press Ctrl (Cmd) + S.  If you want to save just your final image, click on the small icon at the upper right of your Layers panel and click, "Flatten Image". Then, press Shift + Ctrl (Cmd) + S.
I know this is stupid but how do I save it?
That's amazing
iPlayiOS...:-)
Thank you so much Marty! I've used Photoshop somewhat in the past a couple of years ago but never really cared enough to get familiar with all the tools. I recently got Photoshop CC and this is the first tutorial I've watched which led me to my first piece of work. :) I did have to stop and rewind a ton to look from Phooshop to my phone because I found it a little too fast, but I kept up with the numbers and such. It's also 4 in the morning haha! Thanks Marty! :)
How the hek
Thanks a lot marty :)
Love it!!
fantastic!
It won't let me click on Lens Flare
Actually there are many things my photoshop will not let me click.
I can't get it to let me click lens flare
you are the best!
Torpid_the_Whale...Eventually, anyone who uses Photoshop often will learn what it can do.
very nice! I also did my own. Thanks Marty!
thank you marty
Muhammad Tariq...For print work, make sure your document is at least 150 pixels per inch. The CMYK mode looks duller on your screen than RGB, because printed color inks aren't as intense as looking at color on a computer screen. Your choices are either to accept your colors as they are or increase their vibrancy to compensate the difference of intensity. Either way,﻿ I would request a color "proof" from the printer to ensure the colors are acceptable to you.
Daniel Thomassin...Je vous remercie! Mes derniers tutoriels ont les légendes correctes pour la traduction de la langue! Si le tutoriel a une icône "CC" à côté de lui, cela signifie qu'il a été transcrit correctement en anglais, et peut donc être traduit dans toutes les langues. Il suffit de cliquer sur l'icône "CC" en bas de la vidéo, puis cliquez sur "Français" pour la traduction! S'il vous plaît dire aux gens qui sont intéressés à Photoshop, pour vous abonner à Blue Lightning TV!
hi..... i really like your work and your channel is very helpful but i have one question how can i get same﻿ result in cmyk mode with high resolution document for printing work..... thanks
Bonjour;Un grand merci pour votre tutoriel qui va bien m'aidais .Bonne journée
Derrick Chian...Sorry, I don't do tutorials of After Effects.
can you teach me how do you make the opening of this video ?
WTF MAN IT TURNED EVERYTHING BLACK AM NOW I HAVE TO RESTART!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks Dude, I am just getting starting to make a New Youtube gaming Channel
GreenCobraGames...Not sure if there are limitations in the trial version, however, I'm fairly sure everything that was done here can be done in the trial version.
Does THis work on the trial Version
Thanks man that really helped
Great tutorial!
And you got a new subscriber
This is one of the best tutorials to make a logo I've seen so far. Good job sir.
helloooo I am enjoying so much your tutorials thank you so much I learn a lot how photoshop works. thank you again
Seby Ro...Works in Extended versions of PS.
I can't use Lens Flare, i have RGB color and 8 bits, but it unavailible too..
this is soooo awesome!! thanks alot bro!!
alialgeneidy...From a design perspective, compress the top & bottom of the diamond shape to conform to the word.  Use your transform tool to compress the diamond shape.
what should i do if i want to write a word of 5 letters
instead of ctrl +a on windows u have to hold down ctrl+q
You have 1 new subscriber. Man you're a great teacher and speak very fluently. I highly appreciate your teachings.
Ctr + A doesn't work help!!
black and white respectively lol wtf
Thanks, I will use this but Pant.net looks much easier to use...But the results aren't as good as this!
gamingVIRrUZz...I receive numerous requests every week from subscribers asking me to do Photoshop projects & favors for them, however, I barely have enough time just to answer the emails receive. I trust you understand.
Thanks a lot for the tutorials they are great, very kind
Thnxx alott<3
FizifyHD...File > Save As > Save As Type > .jpg
Can any1 plz help me .. when i try to upload the logo to my channel it says that it should be a jpg file to be uploaded ,, plz reply !!
Thank you so much man, This will be my new icon for youtube.  I appreciate it. .
it wont let me go into the filter gallery
its not your backspace its your back arrow
thx dude this is amazing
I Can't Do the Space thing. With the Alt and Backspace. It isnt working.
By Watching This Video , I Lost My Mind And Data 100 % o.O LOL.
Thanks dude really helped me out!
can you tell me how you did it?
schon gemacht und würde ich auch weiter empfehlen!
THANK YOU!! You are awesome!
the end pissed me of becaus it got ruined
I need a nap after this tutorial.... :P It was great!
As always Marty, GREAT JOB....thank you.
Well I did all that and it crashed Woops SAVE SAVE SAVE
wat recorder
great tutorial wery helpful thaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaank uuuuuu
just double click on the layer and FX will pop up itself ;)
i only wont a quick background or logo and if i had youtube money i would dude sry
Me,Pay for this:P
Thank's
would somebody make me one please???
Could you send a download link of the final product because i tried and mine is still a bit grainy and dark
You really know your shit :)
Thumbs up if this was the a good and awesome tuturial
YES, I DID IT. It took a while to find the fx button though...
TimeClockWork...I've been told that a few times. ;-)
Is it just me or does he sound a little like Stan Lee at times?
oh, no worries, I got to the diamond bit but am now stuck.
Zeki...Don't rememeber CS2...sorry.
where is thefx button on cs2? pls reply.
Your tutorials are the best!!! Thank you for helping me on making a SICK logo!!!
The tasks you walk people through are very complex and almost daunting, yet you explain everything in such a clear, easy to follow way. Great job! You earned a new loyal subscriber.
MrShadowBlast301...Yes.
Can I do it with Phtoshop CC too? pls answer
Thanks you soooo much i made a emblem for my friend and i was new to photoshop cs6 and you helped me find some of the effects :) i cant thank you enough
OMG your the best.. this really helped out my channel :)
just made one thank you very much BL TV <3 subbed and liked :)
Thanks, man.
thnx.. nice tutorial, ! easy to follow, ur a great teacher Blue!
Thanks soooooooo much
Best tutorial thanks:)
thanx you are the best
rất chi tiết và cực đẹp, thank!
Doug Thag...at 3:40, it's 2EFDFF.  At 4:07, it's 0BCCE9.  At 4:14, it's 97A8FF
Can you put the color code that you are typing.? But nice tutorial man! :)
Best tutorial man on Youtube.
DubniumMixes...I receive numerous requests every week from subscribers asking me to do Photoshop projects for them, but I barely have enough time just to answer the emails receive. I trust you understand.
mine is too much M so i cant use on youtube :(
how to make a carbon background? can you make a solo tutorial for that
Yeah got it! I did forget to press CTRL+A :D.  Thanks again!
hey i can't seem to find the "fx" button on my ps?????
Made one, Works perfectly. The only thing i couldn't do was to center the shape and the text...
Oee boy o boy you are awesome thanks!! Gonna make me one tomorrow.
Thank you very much Blue!
TrainTutorials...Cool fonts are available all over the internet to download for free. If I don't have a font that fits the tutorial, I search for one until I find it.
Where do you get all your cool fonts blue?
Bill Erdas...Image > Mode > RGB / 8Bits/per channel
When I'm going to select the distort effect, the filter gallery menu is disabled. Why? :-/
Salam.all sames easy with you. Thx a lot
We have amazing marty
201veteran...Glad you lile my tutorials! Spread the word on BLTV.  :-)
Truly excellent.
when i choose the stroke' it dose nothing .... do you know why ?
AppleToothStudios...Yes.
I found out (by accident) that if the top one (the one with no fill) is a little higher than the bottom one (but not too much), it get a really cool 3D effect on top of the effects already present.
AWESOME !
I'm surprised Adobe hasn't pick you up yet, your meant to teach, like all the one's be for you, now you have to pay if you want to learn something from them, so thanks for teaching for free, but some one as good as you, it's only time before we have to pay to learn something from you but it will be worth it keep up the good work.
Thanks. Right after I fixed it I followed through with your tutorial. It looks great!
agree with you Spawn, this guy is just amazing at PS!
Yeah.. I agree!
I hope you can make a video how to make a beautiful cd cover after this.
You have the clearest tutorials on YouTube!
koolkid00012... you can't render a lens flare on a blank layer, something has to be there.
How come photoshop wont let me use lens flare? I am using RBG colors and 8 bits, but the option is still grayed out. Help?
ฺI love all of you video marty Thank for make it :)
very nice !
Your the man Marty!! Thanx
where did you learn this? u r awesome. i liked and subscribed
This is awesome! Appreciate your tutorials BL. Been doing all kinds of photos with your tutorials :D
thank you Marty....love all your tuts
U R THE BEST.
SpawnDesignerz...Don't know about "awesome", but thanks for the compliment. I work on it constantly and always keeping my eye on learning new ways of achieving results.
kingbing28...Danke! Bitte informieren Sie alle Ihre Freunde und Kollegen, die Photoshop lernen, zu meinem YouTube-Kanal, Blue Lightning TV abonnieren möchten.
du bist der beste !
Great tutorial Marty,I love to watching you _O_
Amazing, I'm more interested in that texture you got with blending FX and amazed about that carbon fiber background! Totally saving this to playlist!
thanks you make the best Tutorials
You are my favorite teacher.
Awesome as always Marty!
clean simple pro as usual love ur tutorials
great :)
Absolutely amazing. Many thanks for all your videos.
Thank you. I make Clan logos for people this is really going to help me.
Thank you Marty. I went off the other day and had a go at doing a tutorial by someone else, got half way through it then gave up in an awful muddle. Your videos are the best because you don't assume everyone has your knowledge of Photoshop.
You do the best tutorials ever
Your tutorials are so easy and fun to watch! Nobody else has a more clear voice in their tutorials along with such awesome content. Keep up the good work :D!
Cooooooool
Really Nice!!!!
how on earth do you come up with these effects ideas? O_O
pretty sweet marty, pretty sweet.
