2025 anyone?
Can you put regular acrylic paint on the sole of a shoe? Do you need to use a finish on it to keep it from cracking?
If my translucid soles already have no color do i need to use sole bright?
Hello can I used salon care 40 instead of angelus sole bright? Thanks
Dose the red ever come off the bottom ever
😂😂😂 this foo said sriracha
👍🏽
I just subscribed, nice work also
So what about black dye
Is there a way to get rid of dye that’s on a aj?
So if I need it black. Should I order the sole bright and black leather sole paint?
Better use syringe for measuring imo✌️
Does this work with salon care Vol. 40 or 50 instead of the sole glow?
what happen if you use that dye on the upper leather ?
Leave the icy bottom....
Bro ...
I can’t find this song and I want this in my play list
Just tape it off
Wow
Huh
Sheeeshhh ran into this video
I wonder if he changed the blue into red or did a custom. With the shoes or he just left them like that
Would you recommend Dark Knight sole dye?
How to get them Ivey is the real question
Can you paint over dye that got onto the midsole it’s very little ?
What happens when it rains
Great tutorial...but bru talks alot...lol...
3:40 I know I saw itsuki from initial D
Does this work one the Gatorade 1s?
How well does the paint stay on I was gonna do one on the 5 stain breds
My boy was hella skinny lol
Im tryna dye the bottom of my metallic 5s black will the dye wear off?
I hear people ask if they can use suede dye instead, and people say yes. I've tried it and it does not cover well. Actually I've tried 6 coats of suede dye and it still had a pinkish tint. Regular red leather dye covered great in 2 coats. I've tried both dyes with angelus sole bright and salon care 40. I feel I got the best results with red leather dye and salon care 40. Just my experience
do you use sole bright with jet black?
I know I'm super late here but I'm going to black dye the icy soles on  a pair of black metallic 5's. Do you recommend using acetone afterwards? Thank you!
My nigga looks Asian and mexican
Will it come off, when you walk in the shoes?
Bruh who does this
please dye the sole of a kyrie 4. it would be great. :-)
What song was that when he was paint his shoes
Do the bottom soles ever mess up on jordans i have some 2 year old flights the right one feel sticky or slighly akward or is it just in my head
Definitely going to black out the prom night 11s when they drop. Nice vid.
Can you use salon care 40 instead of sole bright
So what would happen if I just used regular art class paint 😭
Let
What jordans are those
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT HOODIE PLEASE LET ME KNOW
We sneakerheads how would we not know
*8:09** thank me later*
Hey can you dye something clear with food coloring
Yo id does work
We don't have that stuff here (Phil.)
Those are the same Jordon I have
Why not put painters tape for a cleaner look
Will this work if the icy part is already yellowed?
do you habe to use sole bright
I want those
Check us out on instagram at saucysoles.16 for sole sauce and sole shields
Yoe Gatorade 6s qs is that a boutique release select release? http://tinyurl.com/buyJordanHydro2PremierMensCasualShoes11933
Wish the 13s weren't GS cuz they fire http://tinyurl.com/buyJordanEclipseMensBasketballShoes81686
Wish the 13s weren't GS cuz they fire http://tinyurl.com/buyJordanEclipseChukkaMensBasketballShoes75531
Jordan gonna say " Man this guy good with colors "
Congrats on 666 dislikes
I need dome
The Old SINTB days.. sigh
I might do this soon to my 72-10s since Angelus sole bright does not work for clearing ice soles.
do you have to add the sole bright ? does it work without it ??
kellene egy ojan cipő
he should of use tape
that jay do
Go check out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHWI5ba7MaM
He got a lot of nice shoes
Does it work on yeezys
Man, that red looks hella dope.  But I have a couple of questions.  Firstly, how well does that dye hold up on a pair of shoes that are being worn everyday?  I mean, this is on the bottom of your shoes and all, so it would have to be in there pretty solidly.  Secondly, how much does this stuff impact the translucence of the 'icy' material?  For instance, if somebody were going to utilize this technique on a pair of 5's, would you still be able to see the Jumpman logo through the dyed 'icy' material?  I have more questions, but I don't want to take up too much of your time.
Ahhh 2015 sneakerhead in the bay where has the time gone🤦🏽‍♂️
Damn y'all peep how skinny he was
does this work on solids( white bottoms)
WOW your looks have really changed since then
My gamma blue 11s need to be redye witch dye should I use for that color on the gamma blue 11s?
Man!!!!!!! U talk to much just get to the dang painting or customizing thing already
you will get 100,000 like
BRUH.... HOW .... HE.... DO.... THAT....
Don't dye your soles you idiot
it is called medicine cup
when he starts painting, da extra bottle in da back look like lean
can I do this for my all black timberland bottoms???
What's his intro song ?
aye bro I seen you do the Tiffany's , I have a pair of roller derby i need to restore on the white parts what do use? someone told me shoe paint but wasn't to sure
Can you get ride of the dyed paint after it been dyed?
can I try
What's not to stop the paint on the bottom soles from wearing off eventually from everyday use? Seems like only the surface is painted. Walking, and especially on concrete seems like they would wear off. Good Vid
great job man. Does that paint chips off from the sole when you walk outside?
Legendary
these are fresh
do some curry three's come from Braelin Allison
0:21 wow un,acing a shoe is so satisfying
ooh ok i here dat growing pains by luda in the background
Keep up the good work man😎👟
How do you undue them?
Badazz
How do you take the color off tho
Almost at 440 K subs lets go!
omg does everything have to be angulus??
Can I just use acrylic paint for the sole ? Because I want to dye my Jordan 11 legend blues sole white. Someone help me please
they r Nike air Max 90's with a purple white and grey color way
could u paint my shoes
Do you have to use the sole bright or will just the red dye work ?
the beat in the beginning any end at 3:55
what's the name of the beat in the background
Dyme-A-Duzin and Traphik👌
so does leather dye work on the bottom of shoes better than acrylic paint? leather dye doesn't crack the bottom of the shoes custom paint when wearing?
Thanks for the video, when when I mixed the two I got foam on top. Anyone else get that? Best way to avoid that?  Good looks.
nice Dilated/ALC beat BGM
Why? U killed the ice.
Do i need sole bright?😕😕
name of shoe
the siracha actually worked out perfectly thanks
Can I dye my Columbia 11s soles the "legend blue" color so they wont turn green. They're still perfectly iced but they will turn green eventually.
What shoe is this? Somebody tell me plz
do it come off when walking
do you have any 11s size 9 for sell
Anybody know if it works on a solid sole?
fire!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how much will you make one for someone
could i use a white dye on the 72 10 soles?
yo quiero unas Jordán
is cool
can you wear them?
wanna do it to my 5s
its nice
Song for 8:48 ?
That cool
make some more
would these work on the black 🍇 5s?
it was 👍
all that talking just for a bottom layer?over doing it😂😂
what if you use gloves
🤘
already a beauty
I love Jordan
I
so cool
Could you use the dye alone without see glow
I want to do that
can i use this one 11s
What can so bright do?
subscibe to local legend
sup subscribe to me at local legend
Heyy I have both angelus sole bright and angelus lether dye, but black. I used both of these products on the bottom of my jordan 10s and they don't work. Every time I walk with them the paint scratches off. I just wanted to know what do you recommend me to use or what am I missing. can the problem be that the bottom of the my shoes is rubber instead of translucent?? Thank you 😊
Wear gloves SIMPLE!
You are talking so much whyyyyyy
how much u charge
Blue would have been better
your videos suck so bad
U ain't start til 8:34
Just shut up u talking to much just do the shoe
where do you get that from
can I have jordan.
i like it
I used a sealant on the bottom of some wallabees and it came out right ...purple bottoms and I didn't mix them together I put the paint on first then I put the sealant on next
that is so dope
do the dam thing and stop talking
how did you do the vans in the back?
Didn't even show us u painting
sir if you paint the outsole, is the traction still good?
sooooo rawwwww
that is a nice colored jordan
make jodan clen
como hago para que me mande unas Jordán 8.5
7:57 when he finally starts dyeing
peep that gold watch
do some tims
Can u use a heat gun to speed up the process
can I dye mi chucks rubber toe cap???
were those th sport blue 6s??
I have Yeezys with a translucent sole, want to make them black; do I do the same here but just with black colored leather dye?
i have some of those jordans
yiow🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
You look exactly like this kid named paul in my ITR class
og sintb
Another question is this permanent if it rains will it run as I live in England and it's always raining here
Hi will this work on the gum soles on adidas jeans ?
dope instrumental immortal technique- you never know
DOPE
i have some yellllloooowwww soled beaters do you think i have to un yellow them first?
Will leather dye work on wolf grey 3s
why do you need sole bright with the dye?
7:43 it's time to start dying😂
dope nigga
Can u comment immediately how u made the dye please & I'll subscribe😊
would this work on my 11s 72-10s. my sole is turning a bit yellow so i would like to paint it red.
Would this work with RIT dye?
will the paint last if it touches water?
i try it to patent leather and yeah it works
If you're about to dye your soles a different color, do you make the soles icy again, or do you just mix the dye with sole bright and paint them while they're yellowed?
good
What materials did you use for mixing....
what shoe is that
cool😎😎😎
I'm trying to do that with some Citrus 11s, with that still work? I might do blue instead of the red though?
Can you do it with dye other then red
You think u can customize my all white nike hurraches to tye dye or a dark color ???
can it be any kind of paint or does it have to be Angelus
can i do this with yeezy 750s?
Yo u guys know what color for Jordan 11 bred 1995
I have a pair of huraches that are red and the client wants them cool blue. How can I make that happen?
thats noce
what's is this best yo??
bruhhh shut up and do the dam paint job....
Will that work on my Jordan 16 with the clear outsole?
Retro Raptors colors 😍
Why dont you use masking tape
Bruh this man never responds
looks good
already it's my first video I have watched an I have bad felling bye channel :(
and u also did not teach properly
U talk too much
8:06 he started painting
nice ass Jordans
Where do you get your ALL white jordans from
What are some good color combos for a bape camo?
just paint the shoe
start dying the shoe already damn
hey Alex do you know if paint will stay vans soles
cool i appreciate that..i just got sum 40 creme about to ice my 11s but wanted to paint my 6s instead of have the icey soles
they was so good
do u have to use it with sole brite or can u just use the dye
do u have to use the dye or can u use the paint
gosh dis is so awesome 🙆🙌👏👏👏👍👌
you didnt start painting till 7.32
y
or you can just tape up the midsole
🔥🔥🔥
song at 3:38 ?
can u get idea to custom retro 12 French blues
You so funny
"it's time to start dying "
Your weird dude just buy good sheos
Fuck trump
is called a medicine cup
fresh Jordans
how to get red dye out of midsole jordan 11's ???????????
tb
cuánto tú cobras
Does the dye stay in the shoes Perminantly
When you walk with the shoes how do u not make any paint come of the shoes is they any products to make the paint t stay in ye shoes Perminantly
wow he has a lot of sneakers
does the dye have to be leather dye? can it be the regular angelus paint?
how to clean all white Jordan's
Is it possible to dye citrus 11 lows soles ?
U fucked up my French 12s
PLEASE tell me the name of the background music
Aye fam whenever you are using the dye just use an eyedropper to get the stuff out, it helps with the mess.
may be a dumb question but does it have to be leather dye thats mixed with the sole bright or can you use suede dye thanks
how long does it take to dry
Would this work on solid soles?
what color do i use with the leather preparer and dezaler for the gamma blue 11s?
Can you put matte finisher on sole dye
does it have 2 be dye can it be acrylic
7:40 i died for your cause.
is it safe to use angelus in outsole?
*Its time to start dying* XXDD
how much would you charge to paint cocaine 1's into bred 1's
Do you have to use sole bright? Can use something else?
so does it work with rubber soles? (not icy)
Can you use 40 volume creme and Rit Dye to ice any translucent soles???
SneakerInTheBay
how dye triumph ISO 2 out sole from blue to black
i got some 5s that need real deal work on and i will let u freestyle on them  ... i will pay you for the whole make over 💯
How do u clean the dye off of patent leather?
7:39 "Alright it's time to start DYING"
Would it work if you soles are not icey ?
j
Alex do a video on your sneaker collection
should I use angelus blue dye for my legend blues???
work on yellowed soles?
I love that you didn't tape it off, thought I was the only one who didn't! I'm in love.....with the customs.
What's your intro song called
If my soles are yellow do I have to ice it first or no?
all this does is yellow your fucking soles you dumb bitch
Does this work on nike airforce son?
Hey all, did we ever get any comments on whether dye will work on solid soles rather than the icy/translucent ones? I thrifted a pair that is navy blue solid rubber bottom and j wanna switch the color. Would really appreciate if anyone can share insight.
Is the sole bright needed?
hi i'm come from Paris (french) and i make sneakers and streetwear video too :) go see if you want , bye
loco
Does this work with opaque soles ?
My air max 90s have a green sole translucent would it work for them too?
where can i order these sneakers from so i can customize my own
ha the things you use when you're sick hahahahaha
I dye any icy soles/white soles for under 40 dollars DM me on IG @dawsunt23 and I restore,and do custom paint jobs for under 60
Does this work with piss yellow soles on space jam 11's
awesome tutorial thanks!  How can i dye my icy sole WHITE?? there's no white leather dye...
To prevent the dye on the soles from fading from rain or water is their a certain product you can put over the newly dyed area ?
i accidentally bought the Suede Dye & Dressing can  i use it to paint my soles ? or do i need to buy the leather dye ?
do you think i can re dye the sole of my bred 1s with the method? theres a bit of heel drag and i just want to color back the white. thanks!
if i dye a yellowing sole blue , will i still be abl to see thee yellow?
the before was better al white 🔥
what kind of watch are u wearing?
what shoes is he using
You could also just wear latex gloves.
Can u use a substitute instead of sole bright ?
bruh the should put u in the jordan and nike and vans all them companys to make ur own shoe cuz u dope asf and the shoes u turning maken dem look good and fresh cuz jordans and nike and vans company jest maken a bunch of shit noe
do u have a size five of jordans
where u get that hoodie tho?
he dumb af for not doing a giveaway
what happens if i only use the dye and no sole bright?
hi
Me
its a medicine cup and you can use a mini funnel to get it in the bottle to make it easier
me
do u have to use dye can u use paint
Foamposites?
instagram @upshit.jj
Looked way cleaner with the Icy soles just my opinion
I miss your Afro 😭
that was  a good  idea  to  do  it  for  a  while  back  and  enjoy  a  nice  touch  with  your  family  and  friends ,   of  mine  who  is  not  a  big  fan  of  your  life ,  and  then  I  would  like  a  good  day  to  be  a  little  while
Does anyone else think all white metallic 6's would be a fire shoe
You can tape off the edges to make sure it doesn't bleed
Only clear soles fam? >:(
use alcohol swabs to clean your finger tips, removes it all..
me
This would work to turn iced futures into Breds right?
Can u give me those 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
can i mix half 40volume creme half dye instead please respond
i thought he was gonna put sarachia on the shoe
do u kno a good site to get jordans...ty
how do u get creases out of shoes make a video on that
let me get a per
you think you can give me a pair of sneakers
which Jordan's are thems.?
won't it rub off
can u teach me how to customize shoes
me
Me
too much talking
If you can't even pronounce sriracha right you're not a real asian
that is rough.
Time to start dying 😂😂
vrn dj name is sport blue 6
can you use regular paint also or do u have to use use dye
can i use  acrylic colours for this job  ??
Will the Dye ware away or fade over time? Or after Waring them in the rain?
Make a funnel,next time
Bring Back Them Intros Bro 👌🏼
Can you use paint and sole bright?  Or does it have to be dye?
Hello bros im from México and im actually looking for a place where i can buy the angelus paint. Someone help me please
You thought about using a protect coat to help keep its color over time of wear and tear?
Hey how long does shoe dye last on a shoe?
Black dye would dye a purplish color to my soles so could i use regular angelus black paint?
I have a question....i want to restore a pair of Nikes  they are old though just a Flex Run 2013, the soles are not icy they are just white. Is there a way I could customize the soles? let's say if I want to put different colors on them...can this mixing method work? or what kind of paint should I use for a rubber material that is not translucid? :( Thank you!!
can people ship to you and you repair
Angelus dye is the shit but it would be a game changer if they put pour caps on the dye bottles.
Will it work with black
Follow me on ig @shanecustomkicks
It's permanent ??
I salute those Rising Sun Vans :D
eather dye
Just tape your shoes instead of having to be careful with the paste/painting
damn bro you talk too much just get to the point
Can you use shine and dye?
You got vids you cannot comment on but in vids you still ask for comments? wtf.
i cant tell, is it still icy afterwards like bred 11 soles? if i did it to regular 11 soles could u still see the jumpman and ovals on the bottom?
The saracha didn't work
Where's the hot sauce
I am Moroccan
Is it possible, donate me one Ohaditk
What kind of paint should For the outsole  for a pair of AF1
I want to make my 72-10s into breds with that dye
has anyone tried it on a outsole ? (like he said ) and what where the results?
That some dope shit
What beat do you use at 3:00? I know it but forgot the name of it and I can't find it
Now that's heat
could those work on Jordon futures
I subbed
The colors way are heat
Me lmao
i say table spoons too
What watch is that
to keep from dye getting on your hands use gloves
me
watz the name of your watch? asap?!
lmao how he waz shaking the bottle look'd so wrong im sorry lmao
how would I paint the sole of hot lava 5's?.. since it's sorta clear and don't exactly want to remove the appearance  of the jump man
what was the son on 8 55
Man I fucked around and did my mid sole on af1 and they look like shit ONLY USE DYE ON ICY SOLES USE LEATHER PAINT ON THE MIDSOLE OF AF1 real shit
He tryna make maroons 😮😮
That preety cool😄😄
Can you do it on a solid sole
can u do my icy blue Jordan 11
more like a how to make lean tutorial lol
Straight fire!  Get it?  Cause sirachas hot
Don't use suede dye. -_- I failed miserably. It wasn't strong enough.Maybe I just messed up. But I suggest you guys use leather dye not suede.
Jordans are ugly
j
nice
ugly
ugly
#evo 🙏
Stephen curry
what it work on the gamma blues?
Can you hmu with one of those
It would have looked better blue.
My phone was on 20 now it is on 3 because this is long
Can you dye your icy soles any color? Been thinking about trying purple.
fuck some sriracha
Your not my favorite YouTubeer
Boooooooooo your videos
Unsusscibe
Really dope man helped me out a lot
I feel as if you customize shoes people will think it's fake
did it wind up with red skid marks on the floor afterwards?
That's fucking sick
Can the person that made this video text me at 9105273106
nice
bitchies are hard I want them I did not know that was you when your friend surprised  you that blue hover board  omg man you cool ass fuck
Does anyone know what the difference  from the leather dye and the suede dye does it matter which one you use?
them 6s look good all white before the paint was added
Wave equation
that's cool
why don't u wear gloves?
Can u customize a pair of my shoes
he could've did it faster cause he was doing it slow in the video and saying to much .
how did he  get that die
bet
I just found a pair of legend blue 11s at a goodwill. The catch is, they've been dyed/painted/colored red 😑😤 do you know a way to remove color from an icy sole?
can i use RIT dye and solebright to dye my shoes?
nice to hear Dilated People's "Worst comes to worst" playing as the background
Love your watch! Is it stock or did you custom spray it yourself?
can u do this even if your soles are yellow...
Have you thought of covering part of the shoe with blue painter's tape and cutting out the sections you want to dye with an exacto knife? Do you think it may help clumsy people achieve those clean lines right up to the boarder of the uppers?
I recently bought a pair of infrared 6s (black) and there are 5 brown dots in a row inside of the icy sole, does anyone know how to get this out?
very creative ,  how about cleaning them
You can just wear latex gloves if you don't want them to get on yo hands
y don't u tape off where u don't want the dye to hit
what shoe is that I can't tell
Will using gamma blue paint and sole bright work to give my gamma 11s it's original sole color??
The two black dots on the towel were bothering me so bad
i thought this foo gonna add hoison sauce
zipper hed
Could you restore my lebron 11 atomic oranges
Will this work on Air Max 2013 Air Bubbles?I want to go to a translucent to a all black air bubble.
would it work if your sole is yellow?
Shit dont work yo.. I even let mines sit in the sun to set the sole bright. Didnt work. & with the alcohol paint came right off. I even put water repelant on the other still didnt work.. highly upset
its pronounced c-ra-cha
HOW MUCH ARE HIS CUSTOMS...??
What is that song called the first one
Crazy
this has to be the coolest tutorial i have ever seen
What kind of paint brushes do u use
Chance The Rapper
Just to me that would be awesome imagine all black Jordan 6 with blood drips on it is not really blood but red dye that would be pretty cool of a Jordan 6
i did that to coll
does it work on soles that already started to yellow? im thinking about doing royal blue on my space jams soles
Why would you ever die icey bottoms i men really
Nice
those shits ugly asf
Fake
it would look good with the Friday 13th lebrons
Aye amn I saw that Cukui sticker on your table
dude ur the man but stfu sometimes like i came to watch u costume not to watch u talk js
why did u do dat smh
why did u do dat smh
where do you get the products for the shoe?
where can i buy the colors?
how do u take that paint smell away from the shoe after its done drying and ur wearing it  what can u use to prevent  that can anybody answer plz
use a funnel 😀
What color dye would I have to use for gamma 11s?
Hey nice work ! And do you think I could use that paint  for painting on a rubber/ silicone iPhone case ? Lol
You did an amazing job! I absolutely love these. This video was done fantastically, and I am now inspired to do a little something like this to my kicks to not only make them more fresh, but to customize them to my liking. Something that has my name (AllyMae) all over it!! Best video I have seen. Every  other video I have seen, of different people customizing their shoes, were no where near as good as you! Amazing! Keep up your fantastic work! SHOE GAME ON POINT BABY!!!! :)
would it work if u dont use solebright?
How do you determine whether to use dye or paint when doing customization?
Would it work if i only had red suede dye? And not red leather dye?😩
I just got the 72-10s this seems like a good idea. It's my first pair of 11's and Im not looking forward to yellowing
how do you restore 7s when they get fat??
It does not work
That looks sick man!!
what type of dye would you use for an air max 90 sole??? leather or suede? or does it not matteR??
f****** crackhead you put a rooster on a shoe
nice work bro. is the best
nice customs man
pretty much all you did was paint the icy sole
Ew!
Does it still work if your soles are not icy ?
You should put tape on it where you don't want to get it
Can you undye soles any way?
Skip the video forward to 8.30 coz all he does is talk shit until then
Will this work on some yellowed wolf grey 5s??
does it have to be mixed with sole bright
Ware do u get the product
I have a pair of sport blue 6's and I wanted to know for the blue parts on the midsole is a 3oz bottle of white leather dye be enough for both shoes and another question is what bottle size do i need to buy to dye the sole of both of the shoes
DOPE!!!!!!
are you able to use salon care 40 to mix? and can u use rit dye?
What about timberland soles the wheat ones I wanna dye it black tips?
Looks Dope💪🏿  but paint the Blue to red so it can look better & can it cherry 6s
sick af
do you remove extra paint before the next coat or paint over it
nice Jordan's
Why they don't let me watch the video
How come my dye wont dry up? It became chalky and isnt staying on. Please any help would be greatly appreciated!
aye my man whats the name of the song that starts at 3:40???? Does anyone know???
what shoes are the ones with the imperial japan flag
the fuck why
bruh I want your hoodie
u stupid
will the soles still turn yellow over time
bruh you talk too much
does the dye stick to the rubber soles? if you know pls let me know! thanks
sup
I'm trying to figure out how to get creases out of the toe area..? metallic white 5s ..? any ideas?
beat ??
What kinda watch is that he has on
Hello I like your video, particularly your advice in the second half about treating excessive sweating armpits . Another resource I also found helpfull for how can i stop excessive underarm sweating   was Panlarko No Sweat Planner - if anyone wants to know more search on google
those jordans fake look at the bottom sole michael jordan has a foot for a hand
What if your shoes are yellowed do you have to ice them first or will it work still
Can You Diy Oreo 5's
Cool
You are awesome dude 😎
OR...OR...yo u can just use gloves while mixing💀
What do I use to paint the soles of some Cool Grey 12's
WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE MONEY FOR CUSTOM SHOE'S YOU PAINT THEM 😝😝
who else thought he was going to put siracha on his shoe
can i dye the soles of a shoe that are not icy/translucent
a man the video was cool and the song at the begging
😮😰😎 that is awesome going crazy
Does the color runs out or makes red lines on the floor when walking over time?
it does not work in the solid i repeat it does not work
YOOO where did you get that hoodie from lol
isnt siracha a hot sauce
fye
you about that jdm life
7:39 "alright it's time to start dying" lol
its funny because i had on a siracha shirt on win i was watching this vedio
202,944th sub
hhj
do you have to use a sealer on the soles when your done with the dying process? The angelus video featured some type of leather sealer at the end. I'm not sure if it's necessary or if angelus is just saying you need it to sell another product. I know that dye is permanent and it doesn't chip.
ooooh yeaaa i just turned legend blue 11s into legend red😂
Do we have to use dye?
So will adding more sole  bright make the color lighter??
just watched the vid of him making the such a sick shoe jealous
I hoop in every jordan ever created
i clicked on one of these shitty videos by accident now they're all in my recommendations  who the fuck pays this much for fucking shoes why the fuck do you care about how you look
could this mix be used with 40 volume creme instead of sole bright ?
do you have to use sole bright? or can you us 40 volume
Dat background music doe.....love dillated people
how would I paint the soles of something  like af1
or you could wear gloves during the whole process
Damn you stupid
This a serious question. So I have a pair of Laker 6's that are beat tf up and I want them in a Premium Motorsport colorway (something in that field), and Im a college student that dont have the time to customize them myself. Anyone know a servicer that customizes kicks for a good price when you ship them out to them? Cause i wanna start rocking these more, it's just the icy sole is now a piss yellow sole and its scaring like shit to even look at.
has anyone tried it on the solid outsole yet :___
ayeee immortal technique background music
yo bro use a hospital groves for u dnt have to get ur hands dirty!
yo bro use a hospital groves for u dnt have to get ur hands dirty!
yo bro use a hospital groves for u dnt ha e to get ur hands dirty!
Can you use suede dye because they don't have a pink leather dye will suede dye work
Will this work on dark yellowed soles
Make a video on Foamposite tips when customizing
Does the sole have to be icy blue? Because I have a more darker blue
Lol "alright it's time to start dying" xD
Put masking tape on areas you don't wanna fuck up.
What's the song in the intro
Get the Nike Air Mag shoe. If you do I'm subscribing.
This shit is dope asf!
could i dye the wolf grey 3s sole ?
I have a pair of Son Of Mars "Marvin The Martian" that I want to do a custom on and they have green translucent soles and I want to dye them the sane red you dyed these shoes I was wondering if the product would turn out the same  Or is there a way I could make the soles clear with the sole bright product then dye them red? Because I don't want to dye it then have it look like a combination of red and green I want it to be red like this and maybe a bit darker. Please give me feedback
i have a tip for you i use it when i tattoo put some vaseline under the cup on a paper and ryber on the bruch for more grip
One time I broke a black ink pen by accident and ink went all over my white carpet
does this work on the retro 6 carmines
I want to try
name of background song!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just a question, Would that dye work on fake leather? I'm only wondering because I am a vegan and thus don't wear anything made of real leather.
Looks sick
Where did you get your jacket?
Does this work on yellowed soles?
Do you have to use the dye or can you use paint?
it was not all that but its good
We're do you get the things
How can i remove some dye that got on unnecessary parts?
Why not tape the rest of the shoe so you don't stress yourself out.. Or wear gloves when mixing the dye so it's not all over your hands 😂 but it came out really nice!!
howd you remove the paint on the shoe ?
muito legal
Bring the intro back brooooooo
He told us to make sure we use a paint brush, what imma use my toothbrush
Killah Priest instrumental, I'm likin it
Would this still work if the soles are yellow? I need to know ASAP!!
friend ... greetings from Mexico ... I have a question ... can paint with that material the sole of my converse all stars? The page is not sold outside the US ... I can sell a bottle of red and many other colors to Mexico? Greetings friend that you were such good shoes ... thanks for sharing your great designs. I'm bad to write your language ... I hope he has not done so badly.
the tape would enable you to get every crack and crevice on the first layer without worrying about painting the leather or anything else you didnt want to paint.
You forgot one key component to this,tape,that would prevent you from getting paint on the sneaker it self.
that Japan flag design in the back is awesome
What if the soles aren't icy but they're translucent. Can I just put black dye on the soles?
Use panters tape
cool
Do you have to use shoe bright when dying translucent soles?
Get a plastic shower liner and use gloves
More custom videos pls:)
What's the name of the song in that little Intro in the beginning? +Sneakerheadinthebay
That looks cleaner than i thought it would
This hard whats his number
thanks I just got Jordan 1 85 and they have the ice and I do not want that thanks
Just buy the Jordan 6 spizikes they look like sriracha color way
Can u do a video on how to clean your white soles
Where i can get that sweater!? 😭😍
those are like cherrys 11s but in 6s version
I knew it was a nixon by the links, Saw the wrist shot and noticed the logo. Sick i love nixons, I wear the 51-30
when you painted your shoe all white did you deglaze the blue that was on it and use the regular Angelus leather paint to paint it white? also did it crack because I know that isnt much of a leather material like the shoe is. please reply ASAP.
I'm thinking of doing this on my wolf gray foams. what color would you recommend
will the bottom still get pissy?
lel you from vietnam. Sorry for my English
Fresh👌
I'm trying to make me some Blackout 11s, will this look right when using black on the icy sole?
What's the song at 3:40?
Great video bro, really helped me out.  Is there anyway that I can change the color of the jump man that is stitched on?   I'm trying to turn my legend blue 11s, into cherry high 11s.
Medicine cup
what kind of shoes are they
This is dope
Thanks dude I just went to footlocker and got me a pair of sport blue 6s for only 90$ steal 😌
now your jordans are fake
Will this work on legend blue 11s?
Hey what happens if u don't mix sole bright?
Is that a Cukui sticker? Dope!
That made no senses "i cheated on my girl for some beats " wtf
dood!!! Y u messin up the 6's man that gets me. those looked fine to begin with. if anything messup the white infrareds PLEASE
Can you do the same thing with black dye ?
That's cool ! :-)
8:50 was that logic?!
One ugly dude
Can anyone please  tell me where you can get these supplies  from!?!?!👌👌👌
Nice!!
What kind of Lexus do u have
Nice work
you have got some balls being fitted up during work and not wearing gloves, i throw on the worst cloths i can find i have no trust in myself
What happened with the siracha
Does this work on roshe soles ?
Time to make some maroons :D
Trying to dye my 6's Icy blue brand new but  not icy help please!!
And also what can i do to dye the jumpman not on the heel , I'm talking about the front that goes between the laces
Hey bro you got some dope tutorials!   One question what can i do/use if i want to dye the same sole green? Please help me out bro ill appreciate it your help thanks!
can you do a restoration on the gamma blues?
Right right thats some live shit
Hey bro. I've followed these same steps. And I'm having few issues. I would really like you help to assist me. It would be a great help for me.  I want to send you a few pics of my issues. May I email you ?
What is the shoe that has the Japan-like icon on it?
I have a question I have some og bred 11s but cause of the age of the shoe the sole turned like an burgundy I want to get it back to that varsity red look and tips? Thanks
Umm your not wearing gloves
That is cool you can learn a lot looking at this guy
You know you could just wear gloves istead of worring about messing up Your sneaker
i love that immortal technique beat you used throughout the video! awesome video
yooo... thats TIGHT
Does this work on yellowing jordan 5 soles?
surprised you didn't tape the midsole.
You say that gets messy and then wear a gold watch while you're mixing it
I love me some seracha got me some right here
Does anyone know of this works on a regular sole?
dunno when u got this hairccut but it looks much cooler thsn ur afro
Can you fex my 11
Here's a question for all of you sneaker heads why do you Jordans look so FAT
But why dye them under the show.. It will wear off in one day...
good background music
you should make a live stream
Songs?
whered you get the sriracha hoodie?
Is sole bright the same things as sea glow? Someone please tell me
cukui sticker
Does this work or pissy soles?
Like yours videos man! I had a question? How do u paint the bottom of a solid shoe like aj 1s? Like what do u use after painting them with Angelus paint and then put what coat? or what do you do?
Would the paint work also  or is it best to use the dye?
cheesy as hell..
I put some green on my joints and they look great!!!!!!!
nice
U should do KD green and black
Them shits dangerous 😍😍💯
Hey guys I have gamma 11s and I want to paint the soles do I do the same steps
How much pints should I get ? I wear size 14
This was Dope af.Definitely gonna try this in the future!
i was thinkin of painting my adidas Nazors. waitin for som sray paint to com in my mail CANT WAIT MEREE
It works for solid u need a dark color like black
Them is wet   I need help doin some of mine because you do better than me fr💯 so hmu for the help ig@m.v.p_saavage_t   kik@tj107
Those are hard... I might do that to my black and red infrared 8
Could u use this to dye a gum sole ?
Wouldn't it just be safer/easier to tape the edges or some wax paper so that you don't have to worry about getting paint on the upper? A little bit of prep time can save some headache
SneakerHeadInTheBay HEY DOSE THIS DYE COME EVER COME OFF WHILE N CONTACT WITH WATER AND DOSE THE DYE COME OFF BY JUST WEARING THEM PLEASE RESPOND BIG HOMIE
if the sole is yellow  can I still dye it
honestly i wouldnt try it because i wouldnt want to ruin my shoes if i do it wrong.
Was the song name on 0:51
i have a question, how do u paint non transclusent soles? Do u just use regular paint and finisher?
Can you try it on a LeBron 12 preschool?
How many likes can a potato get.
Would I be able to use soleglo?
I just use tape on the insoles
I think u should take the red die and outline all the lines on the whole shoe😋
is it possible to remake kicks that are coming out at least the colorway?
Yo I love the color on the shoe
So i want to do a custom yeezy 6, but i dont know how to dye the soles yeezy. What can i use?
Thats sickk
You should wear gloves
does it work on solid soles?
cool
thanks man :D
for the first minute and a half of the video, i was so convinced you were really going to use sriracha to dye your freakin shoes... that shit is potent. haha
I'm going to use the fire red 5s but they are somewhat yellow and Icey can I use it and would it change the effects like the video or no.
Can you dye the soles on the volt foams black ?
does it last long where u dont have to keep redoing it?
Do you do customer shoes?
Yo can u send me a pair or something jus reply and ill tell u my address on where to send it to if u can (I don't have those shoes and they are badass) :-)
Good thing to do so you don't get it on the midsole is to tape around the edges just like when your painting in a house so it just goes on the tape and not the upper or mid sole
I'm doing bred laser ones will this red be ok ?
Hey i wanted to kno if its possible to turn colors translucent soles to white.
Quick question does Angelus leather paint work on suede too or do i need to use suede dye? if someone could answer me id appreciate it. My shoes are grey and id like to paint the suede black.
I tried it on the solid sole and  it worked pretty good
Bro u talk to damn much set yo shit up and get on with it
Fresh
Is it possible to do on lebrons
does anybody know if the sole still yellows???
Yjmo
I think that is amazing, and pretty creative, i'd like to see how you might color a pair of Oreo 5's.
them go hard
Tape the shoes up and go nuts. Hang them by the laces so they dry evenly.
Red shoe laces would look sickkk!!!
Wouldn't walking around in them remove the dye from the bottom of the shoe?
Will rubber absorb the dye ?
Can you use angelus paint instead of dye??
do you need to add a finsiher ??
dialated peoples!
i have the 2010 Infrareds and they are yellow can i die them to look icy or a different color ?
You can use shaving cream to clean leather suede or numbuck
Oh lord
Do you need leather preparer?? Or is it not that important ?
Do you need sole bright if you want to paint the bottom black?
?
Can someone tell me what the first Old School song was?
Will it work on asteroid foams
hey bro. great vid! so did you have problems even like 2 weeks later when there is slight moister/water the dyed sole would very lightly run and stain the ground?
Shut your dumb ass up Nackets they are customs
can i dye my 2010 infrared 6s to make it look like 2014 with light blue sole dye ?
Pretty cool
do i wash em out afterwards ?
they look cool bro u should make your own sneaker
sorry can i mix the duller with the dye so the paint won't crack ?
can i mix the duller with the,,,,???? so it won't crack ?
hey quick question i did my nike rushes but for any reason  they still cracking even after apply the dye then paint i try a lot  but still cracking
WHAT ARE THE VANS IN THE TOP RIGHT AT :50
I like them jawns✔️
Clean!!
What's the instrumental you used at 0:28 ? PLZ RESPOND
Wat kind of paint can we use
How would I clean Flu Game 12s
What Jordans are they
Does this work on jordan 11's?
Shouldve done these to white varsities but nice vid
is there any finishers required for the soles?
No sun light is required with sole bright ??
Great video, but dose it bleed out when wet?
Would this work to make the soles that icy blue?
who knows how to fix cracked patent leather?
I liked the video just cause you put in so much effort on cleaning the bottle
hey bro can u still use the shoes?
What type of Nixon watch is that?
How did you paint the upper sole white???
Dope🔥🔥🔥🔥
"Alright its time to start dying."
Can I have that shoes for free ?
Does it have to be sole bright? Would any other sort of paste work like salon care 40?or 50
those look sick
Were did you get that watch
Just a question why not use gloves to prevent the dye from getting on your hands? ? & wouldn't painters tape help from getting on the MIDSOLE??
Bro Do you do customs
But will it wear away over time?
Can I use 40 cream instead of sole bright ?
Who else liked the video when he said "Can I get a like for cleaning this bottle"
dude were did you get that sweater from thats dope the seracha one
Does it have to be that sole sauce? Or can I use a different one? Like Fabe's sole sauce?
flu game 6s
thats pretty sexy i would say
That's a dilated peoples type beat then it was a immortal technique type beat wtf is goldphishing
The name of the song at 8:32
Will it work on yellow soles
Who wants to do this it just makes it look like your shoes are fake
those are some plain looking shoes and not in a good way
Ya
thats pretty Slick ..! Great job bro
Does it matter if the soles are yellow or do they have to be icy?
Coloring inside the lines on fleek
If u want these to last longer apply sole protector on your sole
Emphisize our mad dumb he died them red lmao 😂
Emphasize our dumb he died them  red u idiot lol lmao I can't even
I appreciate you putting in so much effort in these videos!!! I can tell you really love to do these
they look fake
Wish you could dye yellowed soles back to icey lol
Those came out nice
My infrared 6's are translucent but yellowing on the bottom can I still do this?
Aye What Watch You Rocking, Looks Dope Asf
Can you dye solid soles too like 9s?
You should do more restorations!
Are you vietnamese ???? :'(
Have you tried this on solid rubber soles? Or do you know anyone that has, if so send up the link.
What can i use to paint on solid color bottom soles... Any Angelus Brand info.. Thanks
Bruh Can The Icings Still Get Yellow ?
next get that FBCC soledye
would this work on 11s? or would it hide the jordan sign?
next time try fbcc sole dye homie it works!!
+SneakerHeadInTheBay i need help with a restoration project can you plese email me @ mjcool646@yahoo.com
Use some plastic Gloves bruhh
If u can do a video on how to mix some paints to make raptors color tht will help me alot !! im restoring some kicks and i need some help plz
Is it permanent ?
What it be better if I dye light blue on a pair of concord 11s rather than use sole sauce
That growing pains instrumental.
nice
TRUE BLUE 6'S ??????
Whats the song at 0:30. Its been awhile since i heard that song cant remember. Somebody help!
What kind of watch is that?
ya i would be the person who already split mines weeks ago and then watch this! ON CARPET
Nice tutorial
I am not into jordans but those look fly what kind r they
Can u use this method to die them any color
***QUICK TIP*** i wouldn't paint the bottom of the shoe, cause im pretty sure the paint is gonna come off after walking in them. waste of paint
Were do you live i live in liberal kansas im a snaeker head to i got js nikessbs nike air force ones nikejordan and lebrons
Referred as Dosing Cups
I want to do this to my LeBRON 12's
What do i use to get it off the midsole?
They ain't finished but still look hella tight
Props for Immortal Technique instrumental in da background :D!
you're the best youtuber ever. i never get tired of watching your videos. never stop making vidoes
Can I used the dye with 40 vol. creme?
I think fbbcny sole dye is the best cause it doesn't come off I bet this stuff comes of if u scratch it it look like like paint
could you do this on the jordan 1 laser and just make it flat black
Can I do this on a icy sole that is already colored
Immortal Technique "Leave the past" that songs fire cool that you used it as a background song.
Love your videos man. I was wondering if you knew how to dye the material on nike lunarballistecs.  They are tennis shoes and are not normal leather, didn't know if there was a way without damaging the performance too much!
The best sole dye is "fbcc sole dye"
Instead of sole bright, can I use Salon Beauty 40 Creme?
Finally a sole dye video clean as Fuck keep it going 👍
Does the aging of the soles affect the how the color looks on the shoes after its already set in???
Does the aging of the soles affect the how the color looks on the shoes after its already set in???
Is it too late to donate ? You said its all figured out but i wanted to throw a quick 40 to speed up the process.
Can you use 40 volume cream instead of angelus sole bright?
Yo SneakerHeadInTheBay thanks man for real im new in customs and you helped me iN a way you cant imagine i saw all your videos and follow your channel for a long time so keep doing this videos that help people like me to get better bro for real thanks man and keep killing it
Will this work on yellowed soles or should I ice them first and then do this?
Would i get the same results of dyeing soles that are yellow?
Nice watch
Is there a way to remove it if wanted to?
When you did those Fire Red 3s did you use white or flat white? I'm just curious cause I'm about to do mine! If you could reply that would but much help and appreciated. Keep up the good work I love watching your vids and restorations especially! +sneakerheadinthebay
Hi I'm new to your channel and had a simple question so I have a pair of hyperdunk 2014 and they are black and white  but the white is all dirty how is a way I could clean that??
Hey can someone tell me if sneakerheads wear there shoes??
What camera do you use?
Which shade of grey angelus leather paint would you use for the soles of Jordan 10 stealth I'm a newbie restorer and wanting to do my first restoration. Would really help me out thanks sneakerheadinthebay really like the vids!
Awesome bro! Didn't know you listen to Dilated Peoples. Props to you fam.
you did a great job bud , keep up the good work
instead of sole bright could you use Edgar kream?
could i do this to make my gamma 11s blue again? Because now they're starting to get yellow on the bottom and i want it to be blue. Please let me know ASAP.
Is it waterproof and scratch resistant is my question
I want to know if I can use the sallys hair product instead of the sole brite. Please respond.
so does it actually work for Solid Soles ??
That red ice look is fukin sexy u just inspired me to try this 😍
I'm glad I didn't throw away my old jays. Thanks to you and few other youtubers I placed my first order with Angelus! About to rebirth 3 pairs!!!!! Now I need to figure out how to post a video. Thanks again your videos are on point 👍
Nice. I already saw the preview of the custom on kickstradomis Instagram and it's looking great thus far.
Dope
Do I just let it sit or do I need the sun?
Can't wait for the custom shoes to be finished their going to be fire
You plan on wearing these when they're all done?
Medicine cup
Clean mane 🔥🔥🔥 I'm sure there going to be 🔥 when your done. And love that watch mane you gone have to plug me in on that ⌚⌚⌚⌚
Have you seen the sriracha Taco Bell commercial...  Looks like someone beat you to the shoe custom 😂😂
I have some raging bull 5's and the suede has some marks and stuff, would you re come d redying it with angelus suede dye, an if so which color
did you see my channel feature
U should make a cherry 6 custom
It goes hard. 👍👍
Does this work with 40 volume creme?
i spilled black dye on my carpet on my old house x)
so DOPE that red and white midsole make it look og
I've been waiting on this video forever and colored sharpie works too but it doesn't look as good :/
Does it have to be a clean sole or can it be like a yellowish out sole cuz i want to dye my laney 5 outsole blue
Aye sneakerheadinthebay how did u take off the blue on the mid sole i tryd to take it off with a metal file but it looks like i scratched the misole and i tryed to use hot water but i dosent work i tryed to paint over it and it dident work neather if u cand please respond to me thank you
Howd u film without ur camera
I got a yellow pair of 6 and light blue dye will it give them a icey look
Does any one know if you can walk in them without using a sole protector??? And how long I should be good looking?
Sneakerheadinthebay how durable is it
What kind of camera did you buy. Love this vid very nice
Besides the fact that FBCC Sole Dye is more expensive, in comparison, does your sole dye stay on the shoe, or does it chip off?
If u do this will i be able to walk on it without it coming off
how do we reach you if you have any questions?
Based on these comments, a lot of people watched the videos without audio
will you do a video on how to change the color of the jumpman on the tongue?
You call those the 4th of july
How durable is it ??
Why is the midsole of the 6s white, isn't it supposed to be blue
Sorry but I want to know can i do this with the Fab sole sauce ? Or must it be the #angelus?
Very nicely done bro! Keep it up
looking dope as hell already, cant wait to see more videos on these.. keep up the good work
Those will look really good when finished.
Why didn't you use any blue tape?
Do a updated updated collection vid         PS.... I know I said updated twice
My 1st thought was hof/history of flight jordan 6 customs. Would of been sick!!!
Nice job bro ... Can't wait to see the finished product .. 👍
These are going to be crazy af!
Anyone know where he got his watch? Please?!
Don't have any sneakers but wish I had some but I still watch your videos cuz I love sneakers and your vids! Keep up the good work homie!
I was really thinking you were gonna use the sriracha sauce to die the soles. Got really excited , because me mom's just bought some of that. Really sick custom.
Great vid as always... I enjoy the diversity in the channel.. your tutorials stay on point
Amazing 🙌
Will this work on foams... I asked because I just painted a pair of Elec. Blues with the angelus walk on black paint..... It adhered pretty well but the bottom pretty much rubs off even with several coats.... Can I use the sole bright with it to keep that from happening.... If so this is the best news I had since I painted them lola... Shout out to angelus also...
Back on the grind with the swagracha custom :)
Does it cost so subscribe?
The shoe looks dope have it is rn, a simple USA colorway
Did this a year ago to my carmines but used suede dye and without the sole bright first time I used rit powder dye but I couldn't get red it turned purple cuz of the blue sole and red dye didn't stick as good as angelus suede dye can I ask what's the reason for using sole bright ? Besides getting a foamy when you mix both
This is a really cool video man but just btw, this little tutorial has been written out if you scroll down to the bottom part of the information on sole bright @ angelus direct. Aha, not hating, just letting Ya know. Keep up the good work!
Looks dope man! And actually seems pretty easy, cool video!
Your sneakerheadinthebay stickers are sick
wanted to do coral 6 highs but cant find the pink dye they only got the $75 one do they restock the dyes often?
Hey, do you have anyway I can send you a pic of wtf just happened to my carpet lol
Nice video 👌
Green jump man?
Shoulda painted the jumpman also red or green!!
Great vid and cats out the bag know of this a min ago.
Igot the 3m 5s and the 3m is messed up is it possible to paint over it and if so with what type of paint leather suede etc. (: Btw keep up the good work broo!!
great video as always man, i want to get into customs and if i do, will definitely use your videos as tips. thanks man
😍the shoes look amazing can't wait to see the finished custom !! Keep up the good work
Do u need Angeles paint is there anything I can use todo my shoes restoration.     I need something I can go buy In the store
Very nice can't wait for the final product
@sneakerheadinthe bay bro I need to know what shiny black paint I can order off angelus for some stealth 3s I'm getting can u help me with the color
I know u dont have to worry about paint strokes on this job, but how do you avoid or get rid of the brush strokes?
Gotta love them 1 am uploads... (I'm from R.I.)
Glad you got the camera situation figured out! Really sucks to see something you worked hard for get taken away.
Mom gunna be like "is this period blood on the towel.!?!!" Lol xD jk
Dope! The way they are now they look like USA customs hah
Bro thanks for all of these vids , because of you I'm starting a small business and actually doing really good with all of your ideas thanks
Where did you ge the hoodie
First ?
You could've made them into your own version of Beijing 6s
Bro tbh you got shoe game
It already looks like a clean shoe... Cant wait to see the finished product
so dope that it works so simple like that. cant wait to see how these bad boys turn out!
Your sport blues are fake the bottoms are suppose to be blue not red, trust me i kno my friend has em
How's the durability of the dye?
YES! I've been waiting for this!
Thanks for the tutorial bro. I actually might dye my 6's too lol. By far best youtuber imo
Make a vid on how to paint heel tap jumpman
That's dope.. What kind of watch is that?
Nice video
Video came just in time, I was in the process of buying a beater pair of 6's. Now I know what to do 🙌
Do you think instead of sole bright can you use 40 cream?
Aye I'm about to be honest I don't even own Jordan's like that but I only watch these cause their mad interesting lmao keep up the good work
The shoe looked fire when it was all white with subtle hints of blue!
Fucking sick bro!
isnt the MVP retro 6 already close enough to Sriracha?
Sriracha af
Cool so far loving it keep up the good work
yeeeee dope job cant wait for finished project bro!
Omg first comment. Lol sike jk good vid...
First🙌🙌🙌
Nice!
