Someones bunghole gonna be on fuego 😂  Consider grilling the mango as well for a little extra sweetness & smokiness. Side note can add 1 large carrot for color and to help mellow out some heat as well
Спасибо! Давно искала именно этот соус.. Вы большой мастер. Всех благ!
this is the recipe, I come back to this video every couple of years… not often enough
The best mango Hab hot sauce on you tube. Charring the peppers really add a pop of flavor. Super simple and it’s all you need. I added a handful of sun gold tomatoes and it added another layer of flavors.
when the flames came out 🤣🔥🔥🔥
fire 🔥
thank you for the recipe, I used harbanero + garbanero scorpion caramel peppers and added one belt pepper. perfect combination of sweetness and spiciness ) absolutely loved it
That do purdy
Seems like it would start the fermentation process with all that sugar.
Out of curiosity how long did you leave the onions and everything on the skillet
food looks awesome.i generally feel bad for vegans.  what a way to go through life without a good bbq!
Thanks, exactly what I needed to know. I had all the ingredients right except the Vinegar. I was going to use Apple Cider Vinegar instead. You could use this sauce with a clear jelly to make spicy wing sauce
great video! the recipe link in description isnt there, is there a link to the recipe online anywhere?
Amazing 👏 it's delicious 😋 thanks for this recipe,  my reapers are finally turning red, love the colour too!
How long do you think is good for?
sub with chipotles if youd like less heat. great recipe
What do you think about smoking the habernero?
I’ve been making this for years and always a knockout !
I just repeated ur recipe. This afternoon. Fuggggggging good! Post Script Edit. I used blue agave syrup instead of honey or sugars.
I made this sauce today, but I added 2 paprikas. It is absolutely amazing. Thanks for the recipe!
wow . thanks for sharing . that was great .
Thank you because of this phenomenal video I was able to come up with my own recipe. Great content!!
Looks Amazing !
Possible shelf life?thanks
Damn..!  I want some….
Yay! Thank you!
How long will this sauce last in the fridge
Can I add more vinegar instead of pineapple Im allergic
Dang brother that sauce looks so hot 🥵 my face would melt off!! Love the roasting idea Rus!! I would probably go with 6 cups of pineapple juice after seeing that dragon fire!! Ha ha
Hey man, awesome job, looks great. Say, how long about does a sauce like this keep?
Im from Biloxi i live here still and also love to bbq and making hot sauce
The best accidental discovery yet!
I'm glad you strained out the pulp.  Good point about if heat up the pepper does it take of some heat?
Love your videos..... especially this one... I grow my own peppers.... so now u have given me an idea on how to make this sauce....  thank you
I was going to drown in saliva while wathcing this!  I have a serious spicy sauce fetish/addiction and i love it!
That hot sauce looks and sounds amazing! Thanks for the recipe.
looks great! and that editing at the end love it
Just made this for my first attempt at hot sauce. Delicious. But I made the fatal error of cooking inside. Do not go against this mans wisdom.
Hey we're neighbors! I live in OS. Great recipe btw
I made a similar version of this but based off of this one, I dont have reapers so I used dragon cayennes instead with the habenaro and ghosts. Great recipe for dipping chips in, using as a marinade, or just a sauce.
What is the shelf life ? Both in and out of the fridgr?
Howmany days before expired bro?
Looks good although you should change the ñame to pineapple hot sauce
I’m going to try your recipes. I will use fresh peaches instead of mango, mainly because I have fresh peaches! Where did you get your bottles?
Great video my 11 told son and I  gonna make this thank you!!
Whats the shelf life ? Do you have to put it in the fridge to store it? what about the PH ?
Awesome, thanks for sharing. I’ve made this today and I love it. Greetings from Belgium
That doesn’t have a lot of fire. My brother is cooking up a hot sauce that environmentalist thick is melting Antarctica!
Do u have a jalapeño hot sauce?
Thanks for the video! I am a hot sauce junkie and will definitely try this recipe! Love the video effects as well. Cheers
Take the seeds and the white pith out of the peppers, and t'hat'll reduce the heat.  Do you have to refrigerate that sauce, and if so, how long will it keep?
where did you make or get your shirt?  I am Youtube partner also  and how long does this stuff keep in frig?
where do you get those bottles
What is the shelf life? With the mango, I'm thinking a couple three weeks???
my sauce turned black :( too much fire ?
Im going to try this one out! looks promising! How long will it last?
What is the shelf life please?
Just made bhutlah, scorpion an Carolina reaper hot sauce. Hahaha I'm not eating it.
Yum
Recipe looks great.  I can’t wait to try it out.  I think I’ll just stick with habaneros though.
Roasting the peppers definitely lessens the heat. A sauce like that is perfect for fish or chicken!
I might of added water instead of more pineapple juice. Also would consider using a red onion over a white one. Not sure about the black pepper. Looks great tho! 👍🏼 I’m sure it’s a puckerbutt
Can’t beat local honey!
mango with chilli always a good combo nice
Going to make this, again! Did it last year also, it was amazing! Question: I have some white wine vinegar and some apple vinegar - any problems using any of those?
Making this tomorrow - only going to use two scotch bonnets and fill in the gaps with my habaneros.
What's your preferred method for sanitizing these bottles with the cork on them? I have some larger cork bottles I intend on filling up. I assume you just throw them in some boiling water?
How long does this one keep usually? Sure it's been cooked and the pineapple juice must add a ton of sugar to it, but does it not go bad after a few weeks?
so i made this hot sauce for the first time. great recipe but i think i ruined it. i used all scorpion trinidad moruga peppers because thats what i had. its way too hot im gona add more mango pineapple and honey to sweeten it up. thanks for the good recipie tho 👍👍
Great video as always!  Keep up the great work!
I had same issue of low heat using reaper and orange habenero. Think it is the sugars in the juice.
Hey boss, whats the shelf life on this sauce? Do you recommend using a water bath canning method ?
Did you peel the garlic before or after you roasted them? Thanks
Looks so good , I’m looking for a good recipe using roasted jalapeños and mango  for some sweet heat hot sauce 🌶 after watching your video today it’s got my creative juices flowing and mouth watering ! Thank you ☺️
*Loved the new graphics, Russ!* 🌶️🧯
What you are making is not hot sauce. I think, what you are making is sweet and sauer  sauce.
Skipped the first 40 seconds didn't hear him say not to make it inside could not breath I was coughing so bad my girlfriend was coughing and freaking out cause her eyes and lungs were burning lmao did not think that was going to happen still turned out good though
That looks like it would go good on wings 😍
Can anyone tell me what those bottles are called and where to purchase them?
Can this be made with just the habeneros? Got 2 chocolate plants gone crazy.
Just made this tonight. Changed the pepper ratio a bit but it’s absolutely delicious! Good thing I tasted it before tossing my wings.... ended up with a dollop on each rather than full coverage 🤫
Will the flavor change much if you dont have the ghost or reaper peppers?
Does anybody know what kind of rum he’s using
Much love and respect from Toronto Canada and Guyana,  I make a very hot pepper sauce ❤🇨🇦🇬🇾
It has a prerrtty color that’s for sure, I might be tone in it down with less pepper. Had the chance to eat ghost peppers in Costa Rica and 🔥🔥🔥 might stick to just Habaneros. 😆 Thank you for your recipe. I will definitely will making it.
Ok Rus I’m on this one ☝️ looks like fun to make with the right ventilation lol outside all day. Thanks  Much love from Philly!
honey knocks some heat off...
I will try to make this hot sauce right away!😋
How long can this sauce be stored for
Geiles Video 👍👍
How long would a sauce like that keep for
Can I ask why you are not fermenting your hot sauce?
Made it again.  I was hoping my superhot peppers would still be hot after freezing.  They are.  :)
Dang man that sauce has to be 🔥 🔥 i made some with 4 habanero peppers was pretty warm for me....i have to try your recipe though...good video 👍🏻
I made a very similar sauce but used dark spiced rum instead of pineapple juice. Was a big hit. Grow my own ghosts, reapers and scorpions so I git the heat. Also add garlic and onions.  Use coconut sugar instead of honey  and did and key lime juice. Like seeing how you balance sweet, sour and salty.  Sign of a good cook!
It aint mango now.. You made it Pineapple. Please do the bottling process?? Spicy video btw!
You are a legend ! Peace from LA
About how long will it last before going bad??
Dang son, you done blew fire and smoke out cho mouth!! "Them peppers"
Great job brother
Small world. Came across your video and I live in the same area. I made my first hot sauce today. A lot to learn.
Looking for ideas for my pepper garden next year, and I think this video is the best sauce I've seen yet, so I'll be trying it! Not a fan of ghost peppers, so I'll probably do 10 habeneros and 4 reapers, but other than that, mostly the same.  I'm fairly new to a lot of this stuff, and going by eye isn't something I'm comfortable with yet. Do you have a guess as to how much salt and pepper you used? I'm sure I'll get the knack for winging it eventually, but as a beginner, I prefer to follow a recipe as close as I can...
Great great video my man. I’m in the middle of finishing of my first batch of hot sauce but it still needs cooked and bottled. I came online to see how others do it.  I found some nice tabasco bottles just in time for Christmas giving. My second batch later today will be fermented with basically the same recipe except vinegars. Wish me luck! 👨🏼‍🍳
I've been mixing mango and peach with my hot peppers. I was thinking of trying out a mango and pineapple mix but I wasn't sure if it would be good. Do you think those two work well together in a hot sauce?
How have  I never seen this?  3 of my 4 favorite peppers.  I cook with them all the time.  Does it have a huge vinegar taste?  I know hot sauces need vinegar, I just don;t want to taste it.  Thanks!
how long does this keep??
Russ,  I bet that your Mango hot sauce has one Beautiful taste.!.!.!.
I was looking for a good hot sauce recipe. I came across yours. Looks awesome. I grow hydroponic habaneros and almost have enough to make my own. I’m pretty excited about it. Can’t wait to make my own. I’m from Gulfport haha. Small world!
ITS THAT TIME OF YEAR AGAIN!! PEPPERS ARE RIPE AND NEED SAUCED.  IM BACK FOR THIS BANGER OF A RECIPE
What's the shelf life of this sauce?
Made this today.  Fantastic!
Awesome looking recipe! I have to try it! I have all the ingredients and steps listed, but would like a ROUGH idea how much sea salt and cracked black pepper to use. I know you said to "salt and pepper to taste", but at the point in the process where you first add salt and pepper, I don't think I want that liquid anywhere near my mouth, as it has yet to be cut with other ingredients (e.g. - mangoes and pineapple juice). Can anyone give me just a rough guesstimate on the initial salt and pepper? NOTE: with 8 habaneros, 4 ghost peppers, and 3 Carolina reaper peppers, once would think this sauce would rip your head clean off. I trusting you that the sweet ingredients tone the heat down a bit. :)  Thanks for the recipe!
Great recipe!! Thanks for sharing! Greetings from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Whats the shelf life for this hot sauce? I made a batch and was curious what to tell people i give it to.
Didn't see a recipe in the description. In case you are searching for the recipe too:                                                                                                                                                                                     .5 onion 5 cloves of garlic 8 habaneros 3 reaper peppers 4 ghost peppers Char them/smoke them  Place in food processor .75 cup of white vinegar Kosher salt Cracked black pepper Food processor first item  2 fresh mangos .75 cup fresh pineapple juice Food processor second time  2 limes Kosher salt Cracked black pepper 3 tablespoons of honey Food processor again  Strain to remove big particles Use spatula to work through strainer  Add more pineapple juice before reducing 1.25 cups of pineapple juice Reduce down so not too thick and not too thin  Put into bottle
Nice! Great recipe. Just added it to my Chili playlist.
ive been growing my own peppers plants this year and i made this hot sauce today (  no honey)  . i followed your directions and my goodness this is good hot sauce . thank you a lot , my mouth is on fire as im writing this hahahaha
If you see a fat black woman or an older white man with a hunting hat on you know youre about to have some good eating!!
I'm gonna make this recipe on the weekend, get the ol deep fryer out make make me some wings.
good video
Damn! This is sexy as hell!!
How about the approximate scoville unit of that sauce?
I would of added the honey after heating the sauce
looks fantastic! Im gonna make it,,,congrats from Brazil, thanks!
Rus, I just saw this sauce video and absolutely love it! Can’t wait to try it with onions, garlic and peppers from the garden! Thank You !
That looks amazingly good.  One question: does the liquid separate from the pulp over time in the bottle?
It taste pretty good! I made some, instead of the reapers and ghost though used some jalapenos,
My recipe ferments the paste before adding spices and vinegar
Remember, it's all fun and games till you go the toilet.
Going to be trying this , best one I've seen on YouTube
Is lemon  ok to use
Awesom  video
Butt why not mr. Russ awesom  mango sauce. Where are can i get it sir
Looks insane.  Wouldnt the capsaicin oil bond with your cast iron?  Your cast iron seasoing will forever be spicy.
Is it just me that the top of my head and under my eyes sweat just watching these vids of hot sauce
Gonna Infuse this marijuana
I loved this recipe I would be trying this out thanks 🙏🏿
Hi, love your Fiery Mango Roasted Hot Pepper Sauce, I roast the peppers and onions too,one of the problems that I 've had, and maybe you can help me with is that the sauce goes off pretty quick, does yours??  Perhaps I'm not putting enough vinegar in it???
Great looking recipe bloke. I have all those peppers in my aussie tropical garden, and will definitely be making it soon. Thanks for sharing.
Damn man you got more kahoonas than me!  That sauce has to hotter than the holy gates of hell!
I used my ghost peppers I grew for this sauce! I'm so glad I found this great recipe, even though it did damn near kill me.
Put that in chili.
How did this batch age? Lose heat with time? The mango give a fermented flavor after time? Long time fan. Love your stuff. Cheers!
In the video, there were 4 lime halves on the table. As you squeezed the juice, you said "juice of two limes". But then at 4:12 in the video, only 2 of the 4 halves were juiced. So was that 2 halves (1 lime), or did you really juice 2 limes (4 halves), and you just happened to have a few other limes sliced in the background? Just checking so I don't make the sauce too sour/limey. Thanks!
where's the mango?
You must be on the last "pod"  they sent up to the ISS. At least that's what your camera and voice not syncing reminds me of. Out of this world mango sauce uhmm hmm. Mangoes in hell.
How long does this sauce last?
how long would it last on that nice closed bottle?
Making this sauce again for the third time ever this week, going to roast then smoke the peppers for a little extra smokiness.  I'll keep you posted on the results! thanks again! For those wondering, I made some last year and still have one bottle left and its still good, but gets hotter with age!
very hard hot pepper sauce...
Just curious about the canning of the sauce; did you simply fill up the bottles and close them up or was there another step that was not shown to shorten the video a bit ? We have almost 40 Habeneros, 10 Jalapeños, 4 Anaheim and a handful of Thai reds that just got ripe enough to pick...I am so looking forward to using your video to help me on my first try at a sauce :)
I guessed that was a spoon
Great video! Looks amazing. I don't have any reapers but have grown my own habanero, and jalapeño peppers. How do you feel about using habanero and jalapeños for this recipe? Any suggestions anyone?
Im going have to try this. Im also in biloxi and grow a lot of the super hots
I love your Vids. I just got my first smoker and I am so happy with it. Got 2 questions about this video, How long will that sauce stay good for??? And where can I buy some bottles like the ones you used in the vid.???? Thank you and Great channel.
roasting them makes them hotter,  just try it on a serrano those aren't hot at all when fresh. I think its all the mango amd pineaple juice that brought the heat down but man those it look good.
I'm willing to bet that if you made this into a fermented sauce this would have gotten much hotter.
great video
I alreeady hate your channel. You got good tasty looking food, lots of grease and fat and I am on a freaking diet!
Made this once before and making it again today. Its really really good. Mango balances the chilli. You Americans sure know hot sauce and BBQ. Cheers from England.
Man that must be super hot and 🌶 .
love the video... I just made this sauce, it is awesome... I taste the sweetness first and then I'm hit with the heat. I will definitely make this often.
Just planted some ghost , habaneros and serrano for the 2017 season and when I have some fruit I will try this for sure.
Great video! About how long will the hot sauce last?
Help me understand this. From my point of view this  level of heat added to any thing would not enhance flavor, it would only overpower it. If you ate chicken alone without anything you would be able to taste all the special seasonings that are in it that would make one chicken different from another. When you add a really hot sauce to it the heat would overpower to much that it no longer matters what chicken you are eating because all you would be able to taste is the enormous heat from the sauce. At some point the sauce is no longer complimenting the food ,it becoming the star of the show. I clicked on this video because I had a hot sauce that was this color with some road side chicken and loved it. Their sauce wasn't screaming hot, it was flavorful and really complimented the chicken. To give you an idea of the heat of the sauce I tasted, Tabasco sauce was hotter than the sauce served with the chicken.
fantastic, thank you.
I would make temporarily peace with America just to obtain one of those bottles of goodness.
Thanks for the recipe! what shelf life do you get from this?
dang smokey ribs
6:50 chug chug chug chug lol.
where can I get the bottle that you are using thanks for your help
oh i love!
can i use cornstarch to tickening up the sauce..
Why do you want something that hot? I like the taste of what I am eating.
I bet that is to hot for me?
I enjoyed this video! I loved the flame effect when you tried the sauce, that was great! Caught me by surprise & gave me a chuckle. I'd like to try this sauce sometime!!
Inspiring stuff! Hoping to get some reapers from the seedlings ive got  now. Ill try something like this, but not going to roast peppers in order to get more heat. Some people use "liquid smoke", maybe thats the way to go ?
whats the self life on the sauce.
I was wondering, where did you get those cool little bottles?
Hi Russ. How long will a sauce like this last being that it has vinegar and acidic lime juice which should help preserve it some?  Love your channel. Thanks!
how do you keep from hot sauces exploding when you open the bottle
The fire effect made my day lol
Your recipe with fresh green hot and super hots came out AMAZING!  I started a bunch of habaneros, jalapenos, serranos, and a ghost pepper plant late in the season. Most were on the verge of ripe today. I didn't know what to do as temperatures here were tanking fast and I was out of time. My small harvest yielded two mason jars worth of awesome green goop! THANKS!
Will be trying this, how long can you leave out or in the frig. :) :) :)
Just made this and it came out awesome !!  Tho, I used 12 hab, 1 ghost and 1 reaper.  I also think 2 cups of pineapple might of been a littleee too much pineapple for me but God is it delish !!  Thank you for the post !
' Everything I imagined in my head is there '  Cosmic Law
You can marinate some pork shoulder or some deer shoulder with it.
I guess you can use a variety of tropical fruit. would you suggest oranges  or even apples ??
A coworker and I made this sauce following your recipe exactly but we kept the seeds in it.  CANNOT THANK YOU ENOUGH!! This sauce is amazing so sweet, smokey, and best of all HOT! I grew my own habaneros and reapers this year and this recipe made it all worth it!  I even bought the bottles you posted, so thanks for the link to those also!  When we finished and tasted it we ran out to the store to buy more mangos and made an entire second batch!! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU  until next time, "Smokey ribs"
Wow, this is cool! Thanks!
So to the people that have made this recipe exactly  how Smokey Ribs did. On a scale of 1-10   10 being the hottest. How hot is it?  Also Smokey thanks for sharing I definitely want to give this recipe a shot. I am a big fan!! always look forward to trying your recipes.  Be Well!  ps. Anyone have good source  to purchasing these Reepers?
curious why some hard core sauce makers insist on fermenting the peppers?  have u done this?  does fermenting make for better tasting sauces?
Sooo few updates to my last comment (6 days ago). I've made 4 total batches of this now. The first batch disapeared, fast (within 2 days) at work. So I trippled up the receipt and made about 12 5oz bottles and 4 10oz bottles to give away to people. People have been asking me to buy it now. This is an awesome recipe let me tell ya.
I'm going to give this recipe a try only I'm going to use agave nector since I have lots of it (from my smoked beef jerky recipe). Waiting for my habaneros to turn orange, maybe this weekend
I've got a crop of caribbean red habeneros that I'll be using to try this recipe out. looks good and fun to make. thanks for the tutorial.
Thank you so much. Gonna try you recipe but im gonna quadruple the ingredients and smoke em.
I think straining out the chunky parts removed the seeds, thereby reducing the heat index.
Excellent video, many thanks.  I just made the first sauce of the year, near enough to this recipe except using Trinidad scorpions instead of the ghosts and reapers - as you say it's very good indeed.  Nice one.  :-)
love it and thanks for sharing.
I guess it's like canning?    I am interested in making truly mild habanero sauce. Many people don't like or can not tolerate hot stuff. Habanero peppers are the best tasting pepper there is IMHO. The smoky sweetness of the virgin flower :DAny thoughts on that? Thanks.
Great! It is OK to seal the bottle when sauce is hot?
So do you consider that the sauce is sealed because it's almost boiling hot when you seal the lid (like jelly)?  I assume you're not sealing in a canner?  This looks amazing!  Thank you for all your recipes, instructions, videos, and everything else you share with us.  Would like to have LOTS of this on hand - just want to make sure I'm doing it right.
How large are the bottles you used? Also, how long of a shelf life does the chili sauce have? I can't wait to make some, thank you.
Does that sauce have to be refrigerated?
I think I'm in love.
Looks good! I make a Carribean style sauce with habaneros, carrots, garlic and some banana each fall with peppers from the garden...can't beat homeade hot sauce!
perfecto! you should make 'al pastor' style tacos garnish with fresh onion, cilantro, simple guacamole, grilled pineapple and i´m sure your star mango-habanero sauce will be the crown, i hope you make some 'al pastor' style recipe some day, greetings!
I've been watching your videos like they are seasons on Netflix! Love your style of cooking, can't wait to try this bad boy out. Thanks for sharing your gems.
i guess the ripe mangoes, pineapple juice and honey smooths out the fire!!...sounds like a winner!!
Reapers and ghosts, you are insane. I will say that roasting does really help though. I am a jerk fanatic, and those scotch bonnet peppers are too much for me, but when I just take the outside (no seeds or white stuff), and roast it with oil, then I can use it and just get moderate heat (like a jalapeno). I even do roasted red jalapenos with cheese (my own popper) that is quite good.  That said, your sauce scares me, but the methodology is solid.
Brother you are scaring me handling those peppers with out gloves...
I have a friend of mine that is growing the reapers right now.  He is going to get me a few of them to try this sauce.  Where do you find those jars you put it in?  I could use a few of those around my place for different sauces I make.
Looks awesome!!
muito bom mesmo
oh my lord it is the killer, I must try this out!
man that looks good, defenitly gonna try that! thanks
Wow when i see all this hot pepers i think " its to strong" but when you add the rest ingredients its change to sweet and spicy sauce. just great:) cheers and greetings  from Poland :)
My favorite fruit combined with my favorite peppers (Habanero).  This sauce is a WINNER Rus!  Great job!
how long can you keep this in the  fridge or on a shelf ?
Amen to this brother! Oh gosh, I know this will work so well with my honey soy chicken! Another great video, keep it up!
How long can it survive in the fridge?
Great color in that sauce, but I think I'm gonna stay away from that stuff. I just can't handle the heat like I used to. Great looking recipe though Rus!!! Cheers brother!!
Straight out the bottle ,  you could solder leaky pipes with that flame thrower , who needs a torch , looks like a winner Rus ....!!!
Good sounding sauce! I think the lime juice is what's lowered the heat though. The more lime you add the milder it gets.
made my mouth water like crazy
Looks awesome.   Where did U get the pop top bottles from?
The honey made in my neck of the woods! Looks good. Always addicted to that sweet and spicy.
Wow made this today, so goood !! I did not use ghost peppers as hard to find here, but Scots bonnet was ok hot. No need to buy hot sauce anymore. Great Thanks again.
so are you looking for a minimal char, or more of a texture when you decide to pull the peppers from the grill?  I would think more is better to bring the sugars together... but i have never done this b4....the taste test was fun, reminded me of my beef jerky video !  but I bet it blends over night or better over a few days.. that is a killer recipe man !!!!! cheers brother !
Awesome looking hot sauce , fasten your seat belt for blast off ! Wings and some jerk chicken would go well , nice job CG 🍻
The real question is how'd the other end feel the next day? B💨🔥🔥🔥
Awesome video, love the idea of pineapple and mango! Gonna try this sauce when my chilli plants are ripe. Jalapenos, Habaneros and some Trinidad Scorpions should do well. Greets from Germany
Hey Russ love the vids. After watching your work I have fired up the grill much more often.   What are your thoughts on brown sugar, whole pineapple, and a spiced rum heated in a skillet then tossed in the blender. Roasted peppers (chipotle and maybe habanero) in the pan and added as well with the garlic and onion. Thin it out with juice, honey, lime, heat to condense, then bottle.   This is what I think of all day at work 😝. Like to hear your thoughts.
That sauce just has to be tremendous. I'm going to have to try it, and you can really use about any combination of peppers. I made some roasted tomatillo salsa that I dry roasted in a cast iron skillet. I never thought about making hot pepper sauce that way. Great idea, Rus!!
Sauce? Holy Hot Sauce...I think that would make a great salsa!! Add some of your fresh garden variety heirloom maters, just add chips. I really enjoy your videos Russ. As the week progresses and I begin to lose hope, I always log to your site to put a smile on my face. Keep the good vib coming! From the West Coast, Greg
Keep a bottle in the pantry for me guy. Aieee! Thanks for the video my friend.
You might as well call this Fiery Mango Roasted Hot Pepper Lava lol Smoky Ribs
Yum! Thanks for sharing your recipe. BTW, if you add some lime zest to your mixture, you get another level of flavor. Be sure to add it after you filter the mixture, LOL! Oh, and please Smoky, where can I get those storage bottles?. Thanks!
Mr. Jones another job well done.that is some kick ass sauce.I liked the special effects in yor vid as well.I think that sauce would work out very well as a marinade on some chicken and grilled chicken.as you mentioned, as an aioli sauce
Great sauce brother, will make this next time I'm firing up the smoker.
How long will it keep in the fridge?
This video is making me sweat! HOT! Rock On Rus!
Holy Hades, Rus! As if the the weather of late wasn't hot enough, here you go again, givin' me the sweats!  Fire and brimstone comin' outta your mouth with that tasting...and as a scarecrow - I'm skeered! The only things here I'm not skeered of would be the onion, garlic, P-apple juice,honey, mango, and of course the sanitized bottles....yes, I love sanitized bottles ;) Otherwise you seemed to have developed some kind of edible napalm! That is really quite an impressive line up of incendiary ingredients, some of the most potent peppers I'm aware of.  Friend of mine is growing some Reapers, been posting pics as they develop, and they look absolutely evil... _shudder_ Having said how skeered I am, I'd love to try your hell sauce (after it ages a bit in the sanitized bottle) as an ingredient, as you mentioned. When you took it straight, I fully expected to see your tattoo to appear in red on your other arm and burst into flames! Glad your OK Bro, and live to burn another day :)  Cool (hot)  video!
Awesome! I may have to make some myself I will have to just use the habaneros cause that is all thats available to me but it should have plenty of heat
hi how are you？Good luck every day!！ :)
Great video. Lol. Love the dragon breath. That's gotta be a  little bit warm.
LOL
Oh man! That looks awesome
Going to give this a try, looks good. nice sauce video hope to see more. Thanks
The sauce looks great, but I'm a wuss...I can not handle that kinda heat. (great fire breathing edit) I need something a lot less fiery, so I can still taste the food it goes on. Maybe more lower burning peppers instead of the ones you used. I love the looks of the sauce and I'm sure the fruit and honey added a great taste to it. Another great video, ty
HOLY COW! That looks amazing Rus. I'm most definitely making this here. Thanks for sharing!
I grow Carolina Reapers in the UK (Wales), outdoors, it is a challenge.  I can see this being a fun recipe to make this summer even if it would kill most people.  I think it should probably be applied with a syringe for my taste.  Great fun as always though.
Sweet and spicy, just like life should be. I've got a question. For how long can you keep it before going bad and do you have to refrigerate it?
Rush that does look fiery! hahahah well done!! i love the colour and the bottle :D
I bet that sauce taste amazing.... It might be a little too hot for me though... not to say that I wouldn't try it
Excellent got sauce Rus!  That would be perfect on some eggs!
Sounds like the perfect spicy and sweet combo, I could eat that on some wings any day!
Good lookin' sauce Rus....looks like it has plenty of sweet....and a whole bunch of heat....LOL
Any seafood drizzled with this and topped with cilantro would be really, really good.
that looks like some good hot sauce.  I've never had a reaper pepper.
Fire breathing hot! My kinda sauce, Rus!
Watched you preparing some of this live the other day, been waiting for the upload since. Lookin' good!
Loved the special effects at the end :) great video!
Runs that's gotta be some hot Fiery sauce with the ingredients that are in there. Ai mean I love spicy as you know, but I'm thinking I wouldn't be able to handle that straight as is. Diluted in Mayo or sour cream, yep maybe 😬🙈
I think that you have a new camera. The image looks very good.
good job russ. i 'm following you since a while and i really like your job.  keep up your excellent work.  - respect.
Nice and hot! Looks like it's so hot you can't leave it alone.
Great sauce
Looks delicious.
That looks really good Rus. How long do you think that sauce  will last in the fridge?
Hey Rus !!! How are ya Brother !!! Please say Hey to your Wonderful Wife and the Family from Me , Mom , and ole Sarge !!! Oh my Lord in Heaven your Fiery Mango Roasted Hot Pepper Sauce is WICKED !!! You Brought the HEAT !!! LOL ... I am Startin to Get my palate Adjusted to the Habanero they have such a Wonderful Fruity Flavor !!! Baby Steps !!! LOL ... Thank You so Very Much for Demonstrating how to Make your Awesome Hot Sauce !!! NEXT Level Yummy BIG Time !!! Excellent Video Rus ...
I love this channel, haha I gotta try this one!
you should be used to all that spicy food you make lol! my 2 fav hot sauces are franks and the louisiana brand hot sauce but after franks sits a while it gets spicier over time
Awesome   Looks good!
Some awesome killer hot sauce!!! I'm a chicken ever since I ate a scotch bonnet raw
Rus, oh Wow! That does look like a lot of heat. Like the flavors of the pineapple and mango.
I would probably scream and cry like a little baby...or very sissy grown woman. I would love to taste anyway. I have never seen any of them peppers here..What a bummer
Loved the fire breathing effect! Looks like a deliciously spicy sauce. Great video and recipe.
That's some mad evil hot sauce...Great recipe Russ...Thumbs up my friend.
Rus, I love how you first roasted the peppers, onions, and garlic in the skillet. That had to bring out the flavor. Add mango chunks, honey, pineapple juice, and you have a heavenly salsa with a dash of hellfire! Loved the fire shooting out of your mouth! Great camera angles and great editing! Thanks for a great recipe too!
Dang Rus that has to be hot, better call the police and the fireman! Nice job! haha on the flame!!!
love a good sauce, have all three of those peppers in my garden this year, to much rain has dampened the growth, will see how many I get, now I now what I am going to do with them
I know thats spicy Hot! Brother! I know all them flavors are gonna merry real well the next few months to! Cheers!
looks awesome, so on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being, not hot, and 10 being "oh my God, im surprised it didnt melt the bottle!" how would you rate it? or compare it to? im thinking it would be a great marinade just as is,..
