Thank you! 🙏
Bro that could be a beautiful bonchi!!! Would you sell me this?
Thank you Kang. May I ask how often you water when you over winter your plants?
Have a question ❓ the bucket needs to be drained or not? Please help 🙏
I had red habanero plant in pa for ,four years.
wow, thats incredible, I didnt know you could graft peppers. I've only done it with apple trees!
Hi sir I’m from 🇨🇦 overwintering our peppers mean keeping them inside for 6 months ,do we use the same method?
Lol only getting cold in December, it’s usually cold long before December
There’s music in your voice
Thanks. Really useful video.  Pls make more videos like this one with or without wind. Ignore that guy.
Thats awesome :) I am up in Canada and going to try this with our reaper and scorpion this year - do you recommend grow lights and the tent or have you or anyone watching just had them in a bright warm windowsill all winter and them been ok? Thanks!
How often should we water the overwintering Chili plant,thanks
Thanks for sharing
Is it possible to keep hot pepper plants in the garage for the winter time?
Does that grafting really work? I really dig your videos.
How much water is given when overwintering, eg reduced.. also any fertiliser given before overwintering.regards.
Have saved a good 30 pepper plants from last year to grow on in 2022. Should have a much better start than last year when I lost pretty much all of them in the greenhouse. I didn't bring them in as they had bugs/thrips on them, only one survived an orange bell plant. Great tips :)
If the plants begin to flower on an overwintered plant, should you remove the buds if you plan to plant them outside in a few months? I have some reapers and scorpions that have a ton of flowers forming . Thank you!
I have very good luck out of reusing my potting soil. so far 5 years, i just add more new to it. This is my 1st year to cut mine back and over winter. I usually just cut them down and use them for mulch. Restart from seeds. This year i want pepper trees and a early start on them. Well there tall any way!  I cut them back to the last forked branches. and still a good 3' tall. Yes there sprouting new growth!  i hope they don't get over 6' tall. That is perfect size so far. The type of peppers are? Fat Cayenne, and Orange habaneros YUM that all i grow any more! Oh they made some nice bushy tall small trees this year> 5 to 6' tall / Loaded with fruit.
For the longest time i didn't think any thing would beat Jalapenos and Cayenne. on chicken and meat. MY GOD was i WRONG. The habaneros are excellent, and even Better on chicken and things. I learnt 1 thing about Habaneros. Got to respect them or they can burn you up. So i use them for favor mostly. If you want it hotter?  Just add more habaneros powder to it. It will light YOUR FIRE
Lol, for this vid, you can only place thumbs up ; but not down. Ha ha ha !
Did your new container (Lowes blue bucket) have any drainage?
I brought in all my bell peppers indoor and the fruits are now turning yellow after 2 weeks. I will have to do heavy pruning soon for the winter season here in Toronto 🇨🇦
What is the best soil for scotch bonnet plant please
How often do you water the plants during overwintering?
What area are you in? It’s October right now and I’m in PA so I don’t know if it’s too early?
Why do people make videos and not respond if we ask questions?🥺
How often do you water them once inside for winter?
What’s a cheap light/tent set up? I need to put my plants in my garage which isn’t well insulated. I live in zone 6 where it gets down in the 20’s F in winter, sometimes lower, sometimes much higher. Wondering if it would be better/cheaper just to buy the plants over again next year rather than try to overwinter them.
So wer do u keep plant over the winter you don't say ?
Can you use fabric pots ?
I’m going to try this this fall
Do they need light and how often do you water? Or do they just get kept in a cool dark place like when you bring in a fig?
So it grows 2 types of peppers already
that was the biggest mistake I put my habanero peppers in door from the FALL and my god with 1 week i was infested on the aphids yeah next time I will wash all the roots, stem, cut all the leaves
Does it need frequent watering even if its dormant?
Hi, awesome vid. I like when you talk about peppers or chilli. So I live in Singapore in an apartment. We either get torrential downpours or a blast of good sun. At the moment, the rain didnt do my chillies any good. The leaves dropped and the flowers "clusters" look burnt. I might try this method to revive the plant till the sun comes out again.
When shall we grow over winter plants outdoors
I never though thatcpepper can grow that big it almost look like a mayure brown tree that can be like wood
Totally unnecessary to do what you did spraying the roots. In fact, you decreased your survival rate drastically.
Thanku for this
im gonna try to do this, thank s for sharing
i love peppers yours could make it into an nice bonsai
nice plant! what is the temperature of the space where you keep your peppers? by the way, I like the sound of the wind, it makes the video real.
What about watering?
Can A pepper plant survive outside during  winter months  without doing anything to it?
Hi Khang! Thanks again for such wonderful content. It only gets down below freezing rarely where I live. In my garage I have a grow tent, lights, fan, and root warming pad. Do you think this would be enough equipment to keep them safe over winter in a garage?
What tool do you use for grafting?  Very interesting both wintering over and grafting.
Dude I just started growing pepers I dont have hoes yet
My plants have been inside for a week and they are putting out leaves.  Should I take off leaves?  Will it grow slowly to where I could leave them?
I'm in Zone 7A - Will the peppers survive in a garage over winter if I put them in a window?
What light schedule?
Why not put the plant in a small greenhouse type enclosure (even the simple, cheap metal rods + plastic cover) rather than virtually destroy the whole thing to fit it in a smaller pot for only a couple of months?
Hi did you drill holes in the new bucket?
It's now October, 2020, I think many folks are not going to have the extra cash to pay for electric, to keep grow lights on, to assist over wintering plants, or to grow in pre spring. I know I can NOT afford the electric costs, so taking advantage of natural day light cycles from windows, will be key. I have brought several things in to try to over winter, including  a couple pepper plants. It's all an experiment and a learning curve. This my my first encounter with this channel, so I do not know if you did a video that focused on your reflective tent. I will have to investigate your posts. Good video. By the way, Manuel Ortega, forgot to take his chill pills! The wind was NOT a problem across the microphone. I have watched plenty of  "windy" videos that were FAR worse than this one!
Thanks, I found this very helpful. I am going to try overwintering some peppers this year...
Thans a lot for this video! Last week I tried this for the first time, but it seems like my plant isn't going to survive😅 Practice makes perfect I guess.. I saw you only cut the roots from the top, not from the bottom. Is there a reason why you do it this way? Thank a lot! 😉
Is it normal for the buds to start pushing out new leaves? I pruned my potted pepper plants back, brought them indoor and have them in front of slightly cracked window blinds to give them afternoon sunlight. Should I leave alone or do something to prevent further bud growth until the spring?
Great video thanx
Hey Khang great video and thank you for the great info but I do have a question . Do you put water to the habanero plan during the Overwintering ? . If you do can you tell  how much and how often . I want to try overwintering and this is my first time doing it.
I am agree with those 9 replies no need for insult . if you don't like Gardening go watt something else .
december 2016 was really very cold year.
How much grow lighting (hours) should winterizing plants get
What lights and room temp. would you recommend?
Do you water the plant over winter?
Very awesome video man!   Can we still overwinter if we don't have a tent with lights? I just have a spare bedroom in my small home
Great video! How much water, how much heat, and how much light do you recommend?
Planning to overwinter my Tabasco plant, thanks for the directions on how to do this.
Thank you very much
Hi , I saw lil white fungus over my overwintered pepper plant after 1 month of bringing it indoors... does this mean stem is dying ? I kept it in not so bright area .
Chief I got snow by December lol.  I gotta do this soon.
I have a scotch bonnet pepper to overwinter as well Thank you
Ive never stripped my.so.drastically
Do you always remove all the leaves?
Do Chilli lose there green leafs when it is to cold for them...i have some charapita indoor but they lose all there green leafs...i raised the temperatur in the Room it selfe since a few day's ....SOME IDEAS???
How long do pepper plants live for when you over wintering every year?
I like that he added by cleaning the plant for pests and bugs.
👍👍
Dont you think its silly to first rinse off soil then add on soil?
Hi Khang, In the video you mention that you treat the plants with neem oil. Could you explain a little about the application of the oil? E.g. do you use it pure or with water, if with water what ratio?  Thanks!
What do you recommend if I don’t have a light?
When I will cut off the branches and take it inside, how often do I need to water the plant? Hope it will keep somehow through the winter without additional artificial light..
It was very thorough and to see the result in same video was appreciated. Thank you. By the way what was the ratio of your neem oil solution? And if I can't bring the plant inside how else I can winterize?  My mother always used Naam leaves and oil. We had a huge neem tree and a few eucalyptus trees in our house. My mom planted them. She used to say they are good for health and healing.
So, you take them in a heated area-$$ and pay $$ electric for the lights..$$--?? Doesn't sound cost effective for me -(yet)
I thought the idea was to get them to go dormant, restricting moisture, light and keeping them cool. That's what I've read elsewhere. They will die back on their own; not cutting the crap out of them, repotting and sticking them under a grow-light.  So which system is correct???
Grafting is cool!!! Thank you!!
I'm using some weed liner in the bottom of the bucket with some drain holes and a PVC pipe for wicking.
why cut the plant down if you are bringing it inside , i am new to chilli growing and i intend to bring mine in for the winter and leave it whole and keep it on a window cill above a radiator and hope  the light coming through the window will be sufficient ,
What grow light do you use? If someone asked already my apologies.
Where do you keep it during wintertime?
What overwintering is for??? What do you get by doing it? What is the  benefit????
What this procedure is for?
What light is he using?
I'm interested to know what do you use in your soil mixture
When is the right time to take peppers inside? I.e. when the temperature lows for the days is at a certain point?
Can you overwinter tomato plants?
Groovy Ty TyVm 😁
Great idea! Thank you very much!
Say Starr how often do you water your plants during the regular season and winter
Are you from Texas?
do you overwinter in a cold greenhouse or bring into the house ?
You mention tent? What kind of tent? How about tule will that work?
do you still water the plant when you bring it inside the house? i hope it is not a stupid question..
I grew my chilli plant from seed. In total so far it has grown about two and a half foot tall. Sadly it did not produce any fruit. With the weather getting cold I have brought it inside now and cut off some of the excess leaves. Some of the leaves were starting to curl. There does seem to be about 15-20 buds growing at the top now.
Thank you for the good advice. Couldn’t bring myself to do it all on my lawn though
Okay, so I've trimmed them way back, reduced the rootball, confined them to smaller pots, and put them under grow lights indoors. But my space is limited. The plants are only about a foot below the lights and I cannot increase the distance. How do I prevent the plants from growing taller during winter? It's warm enough where they are and they are happy with the light. I want to keep them very compact until I put them back outside after April 15th. Mine are Shishito peppers. Thanks for any advice.   (Just in case overwintering doesn't work for me, I saved some seeds from a few red fruit that stayed on the plant long enough to get soft and mushy).
This dude is a mad scientist!
Can I grow them all year indoors?  Or do I have to prune them down and make them hibernate?
I tried it and new shoots start to come out after 10 days. Do I need to change to a bigger pot and fertilize or just keep it moist and sunny location for the winter? Thx
How long can you do this? How is production?
Can I use this process on bell peppers? also Egglant?
Do you put holes in the bottom of the container for drainage?
I wish i had found this video a year ago.I brought some jalapenos in side & trimmed them up good. But i did not spray for bugs & ended up fighting white flies all winter.I lost both Jalapeno plants back in February.So thanks to your video i will try again & this time neem oil the plants.
What if we do not prude but owerwinter? Will it survive?
So what kind of peppers do you get with all the grafts?
Whats the tent set up? Is it necisary?
Can you take cuttings and root them that way for new plants?
Do you need to be that aggressive with the cut back?
Very useful tips thank you
This is an awesome idea! It takes forever for me to get pepper plants from seeds and for fruit to finally set. Next year should welcome a faster fruit production. Thank you!
Very interesting! Since peppers have a perfect flower and are self-fertilizing, does that make cross-pollenation between the grafted branches less of a problem?
today is definitely August 18th
Great video.  I am in the UK.  If I do this, can I keep them in my greenhouse which is cold in winter but protects from frost? I have growing lights I can put over them. Also do you get as many peppers each year if you re-use the plant.  I didnt know you could do this, and usually throw my bell pepper plants away.   Can this work fir chilli peppers too?
More of a question do u still water it all winter like when growing in the Sommer?
Very informative video.It is a life saver to get a head start with peppers for people who live in Zone-3
Why is it necessary to wash off all that compost and cut back the roots? Also would it not benefit from keeping some leaves? I've never tried this myself. Probably it's too cold here unless I had space inside the house which I do not!
is this winter bucket with holes? and do you water it?
How often do you water?
can C. anuum be over wintered? I have an extremely hardy and vigorous variety of paprika and some manzanos and bhut jolokia that got stunted and were very difficult to germinate. I know both of those can and should be over wintered.
I did this in the middle of summer because the pepper plant was in the wrong place in the ground. It’s still alive but it would be doing much better if I hadn’t trimmed it back so extensively. I basically only left the stump and and like an inch of the Y stems
Hi can I  keep it in shed over winter ❄️ with same method as you described on the video thanks
Live in guadalupe desert 8b. Winters are like 2-3 months rarely goes below 50f. Can i hoophouse a raised bed of nothing but peppers? Will they die?
I totally understand having love for certain plants in the garden. Especially for peppers that are hard to grow. Just wondering why you didn't just clone them. Takes up even less space. Love the Graft though
How often should I water once I bring the plant in for winterization?
Omg the voice is different and deeper and raspier
Loved. Loved the video,  will  definitely try this method this fall.  Can I put the plants in the basement.?. There is not a lot of sun light in the  basement.
What’s the benefit of removing roots?
hey Khang do you notice weird growth come in when the plant first starts coming to life after winter??
I’m definitely going to be doing this this winter with my peppers what temperature do you keep your peppers over winter?
Hey nice video. Do you let the foliage grow full in winter or do you cut it back now and then? Because of less space I mean.
my question is if you keep the plant over winter and do the same method as you showed to this video, could it become more hot the peppers for the next year?
This is an impressive plant. Thanks for sharing!
do you have success grafting two species, like an annum onto a chinese or baccatum ?
My house is cool and dark so chilies are naturally deciduous and after leaf drop I move them to a storage area with low light, In early spring I prune and put them in direct sunlight.
Instead of going thro this process put them outside in front of a wall or something. It's that simple
i tried wintering my peppers outside.Had a few frost shocks and it kinda ruined them..one survived it was a tabasco i took out before the winter and i kept it under a oak tree and it seems the oak tree works,because lastyear i took 2 full habanero plants out and did the same thing,they kept the leaves but didnt process flowers since it was to cold.I live in the south so the cold is bad at night than through out the day.
Your channel is amazing.
This dude full on did an open heart surgery on this plant
Interesting experiment. I brought a few plants in and my whole hydonsystem is now contaminated with aphids
That's a lot of soul wasted could have used all that in the new bucket but this is a great video thanks.
Thank you so much for this amazing info
What happened if your plant begins to grow fungus?
Great video and advices! We winterized our two plants, it has been 3 weeks we ha e them indoors but no new shoots,  your plant look really green, ours look  brown and dry, please any ideas  and tips? Thank you.
/.  Eeeee
Do you have any video about how to make warm house for plants in winter? Thanks
How often should I water my pepper plant while it is growing indoors?
I sure hope this works!  I'd love to get a head start in the spring when mine come out of hibernation.  It's going down in the 20s here tonight with our first bad freeze of the year here in Central Alabama.  I harvested all my reapers,  cut the plants back, dug them up and drug them inside.  Maybe all will be OK with them.  Thanks for the videos showing how to do this!
Thank you!
Great video. Subscribed
Can you said once more what's the mame of the oil you spray
Are peppers perennial?
Why the hell did he cut all the growth I figured if he kept it on I'm brought them inside they could produce all year round
How do you applied the Nim oil? (Concentration,  addditional ingredients, etc) Greetings from the Galilee
Is there holes in the bucket? And what soil did you use?
If you only remove 90% of the old soil, won't the remaining 10% easily contaminate the replacement medium? One or two eggs is all it takes. I want to bring some plants in, but unless I completely bare-root them I think I will have a disaster.
Impressive work
This is cool, I almost threw my potted pepper plant away and now it has at least 3 or 4 more peppers on it. I think if the cold weather does not hurt it I might just try to overwinter it too. I would imagine it wants bright light for sure.
It’s October 3rd rn and next Friday, got a chance of snow! 34° for the low, rain all day, and it will be very cloudy. :(  Central Iowa.  And I plan on being all of my peppers in, also tomatoes
Thank you for your videos man, great content! Helping all of us out there grow better, and youre totally right even not the greatest fruit has seeds keep em for the seed.
I live in Pennsylvania. I planted late. My plants have flowers. I want to bring them in to yield.  Can I do this after still?
I am new to this, please let me know what the neem oil is, where I can buy it
Do u water and does blue bucket has holes under it?
What kind of setup do you use/ have for winterizing?
Thank you for sharing! You've inspired me to continue to grow birds eye chili plants. Got my first batch, and it stays really hot in Georgia, so good sun and heat, and the second plant is sprouting peppers! Where can I get the oil your talking about to spray on the plants before taking indoors? Thanks!
can you do this with any pepper plant? where do you keep the plants in the house? what temperature is ideal for over wintering? How often do you water the plants?
It’s getting in the mid 40’s at night here. Between the packrats and the ducks our bell pepper plants look like your plants when your done.
Thanks for sharing this.  I will try this when winter arrives
Can you prune plants and leave in the same pot to overwinter?,then repot in the spring when not warms up.
Thank you
When you over winter a plant like that what is your light cycle like how long on and how long off
What kind of soil did you use here
Instructions on how u put together two separate plants to create different breed peppers  any one
What growing zone are you in? I just sprouted a dozen datils. Im in 9B.
i have a question,   can hawaiian baby woodrose overwinter? And morning glories seeds, can these climb plants over-winter? i didn't find an answer
What kind of light i have to use for that?
how often do you water it? also is your tent inside and is it absolutely needed
Thanks for sharing
This is amazing I didn’t realize you could bring pepper plants inside
People that have neem allergy get very sick from it if ingested. Symptoms to include extreme abdominal pain and uncontrollable vomiting
why do you need to trim all the leaves off?
Nice... i might try that technique on my orange tree next spring..its getting a bit too large
What’s your fertilizing regimen for your chili peppers?
I love the pepper plant series! It's my favorite thing to watch.
Is this pepper plant still alive?
Add 1/2 inch of play sand on top of the soil as well, it will help with any residual pests
thats crazy thing to splice branches
December? Jeez that’s cold for a plant
Yeah it's hopefully you can answer this because I live in an apartment I was wondering if I could bring those plants in with a grow light I have tomatoes pepper plants please answer this Quest thank you
Mate, your Videos make me curious for the next Years.  Found your Channel today and i learnd sooo much! Thanks a Lot!! Greetings from Germany!!
Wondering why not reuse same dirt instead of getting new?
I would have saved the soil for next year but enjoy your tips, thanks!
Poor plant.
What if the pepper grew in the ground, instead of a pot?
Good tips!
I appreciate the patience you have making these videos. Being able to see results in the same video is simply great.
Hi Khang,great video..you transplanted the plant to a smaller pot,will the plant stay in that container or will you give it a larger pot?
Hi Khang Star,  If one of my potted plants didn’t produce hardly any fruit should I still overwinter or replant? it’s healthy but just didn’t produce due to bud drop, poor pollination and due to excess nitrogen had more foliage than pods.
Dont u need to leave a few leaves for photosynthesis?
Great info! Thanks for showing how you do this! I know second year pepper plants are large and productive, and many people dont know they can be perennials. Thanks for the info!
Hi, I was wondering have you ever considered grafting one type of Bhut Jolokia with other types of the same pepper? As you know that Bhut Jolokia peppers come in various colours, if you were to do a do a couple of different coloured Bhut Jolokia stems grafted on to another different coloured Bhut Jolokia plant, and if it were a successful graft,then that would result in one plat producing multi coloured fruits. Wouldn’t it be an amazing sight to behold?
add 2 inches of sand to the top, you'll 100% eliminate the gnats.
I might have missed it, but once you brought it inside, what do you do for watering the plants? Weekly, monthly etc? Do you fertilize? How long do you keep your lights on?
My jalapeno is around 6ft and the bottom half is turning to more of a wood texture, if I cut it down will it still be able to sprout from the nods?
I live in Australia so we don’t have the cold winters the USA has. I don’t need to do this procedure but I do cut them back after Autumn ( Fall, for my American friends). I do a lot of bonsais and the main principal is that if you cut the crown of a plant you must reduce the root ball by the same amount. It’s worked for me for years now so I don’t see why it wouldn’t work for chillies. Don’t be afraid of killing the plant. They want to live and it would take something extraordinary to kill the plant. 🌱  I’ve never killed a plant by something I’ve done to it. I’ve killed bonsais worth thousands by leaving them in my (adult) kids hands while on holidays and they never watered them. Found out the hard way it’s cheaper to install an automatic irrigation system and leave the kids out of the equation.
My comment is, that's amazing, go you!
Thankyou. Good video.
how much watering do you need once they are inside, and what temperature is best for the plants when inside?
I would have left a couple leaves.
I like this video a lot my grandpa had a birds eye pepper plant that was 16 years old he lived in south Tx up till his passing. Something in your video caught my eye aside from your method. In the yellow 5gal bucket you have a pepper plant that is what looks like 3 inches around. Is that in a hydroponic system?
YOU DID THE RIGHT JOB
I had no idea you could over winter pepper plants.  I thought you had to start from seed each year so thank you very much for enlightening me.  Considering how hard it was to find scorpion pepper seeds this will save me from relying on harvesting seeds for next seasons crop.  I will still harvest seeds just in case I'm not successful with the overwintering but your video makes it seem easy enough.  Thanks again.
What kind of oil ?
Great video, what kind of light do you use?
Peppers peosuce more the 2nd year..
How do you graft.  Do you have a video on how to do that? Thanks
that bucket doesn't have drainage does it?  how does that work?
Love your videos! Thanks for posting. I’m a new grower and have 4 amazing jalapeño plants. What’s the benefit of keeping them over the winter? This may seem like an odd question I’m just curious. Do  the peppers change flavor or hotness the longer the plants live?
Going to try this when temperatures drop.  Thanks for a great video!
M
How many hours of light are recommended through the winter and should that increase toward spring? If so, how much?
How many hours a day do you run your light?
Does your buckets have drain holes and how often do you water them?
So from this vid it appears the plants will grow all winter like a greenhouse. I thought overwinter was to put them to sleep like trees do in winter and replant the following spring. What can i do with my heritage seed pepper plants to save them for next year?  I do have a shelf unit that is covered for green house effect but i can't be keeping heat lights on all winter. Tks
I'm curious...why not use the old pot?
Hi thanks for the great videos. How does watering work when winterizing pepper plants?
I am on a limited budget, what lights will I need when I bring a plant indoors? It will be in my basement which will also be about 40°
This video is amazing! Thank you so much!
What is the age of that pepper plant?
That's a pepper bonsai
like it
overwintering do u water the plants ? where do u keep them ? what temperature ?keep them dry ?
FABULOUS THANKS FOR SHARING
Hi again.  I have some  what a related question.  This year,  I have grown peppers that are taking longer to mature fruit or only flower in colder tempretures such as rocoto peppers ( I should thank you for your help on germinating them)  .  Unfortunately, I live in not so sunny Canada  so I was wondering if you can give some tips on bringing fruit producing plants  indoor without trimming it down.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.   Best of regards
Nice video, I overwintered my carolina reapers 6 winters. The stem seem to stopped growing or it grows very slow, but i get plenty of shoots every year and plenty of tasty peppers.
Do you have well water or city water? does it make a difference when washing the roots if the water is chlorinated or will the plant be ok?
If this plant survives the winter after all that torture, I will eat own dick
when pruning to take indoors during winter can all the leaves be removed or must i keep a few leaves on ?
Great vid thanks for sharing.
Great video! What is the soil mix you use for potting pepper plants?
just subscribed. very informative. have you an indepth vlog on how to graft as i have never grafted but am interested
Khang, I just watched this video and found it informative.  I do have a question, I brought in my ghost at the end of the year but I did not prune it.  All leaves fell off and new leaves have just started coming out in the last 2 or 3 weeks.  Would it be a bad idea to prune it at this point?  I don't want to kill it but it is a pretty big plant.
How do I make neem oil ?
Applause ! - Yes ! - I had no idea that I could do that to peppers OK I'm excited on growing this season.
If I know I am going to overwinter some pepper or tomato plants, I prepare some plastic 1 or 2 litre beverage bottles by cutting off the top and adding a drain hole in the bottom. Then in late summer, I take cuttings from the various plants and root them in the 1 or 2 litre bottles. By the time cold weather sets in, the plants are established and ready for overwintering.  The nice thing about using 1 or 2 litre bottles is they don't take up much room so I can put 5 or 6 into a 5 gallon bucket then if we get a warm sunny day during the winter, the plants can easily be taken outside to soak up some sunlight.  If you look around your grocery store, you might be able to find some tall slender plastic bottles in the flavored bottled water department. During the year, I just buy 1 or 2 every time I go grocery shopping. That way during the year, I manage to accumulate a dozen or more new plastic bottles. Or ask your friends to save their bottles for you.  Terry Thomas Brookhaven Gardens Atlanta, Georgia USA USDA Zone: 7B
Khang, one thing that concerns me about your tent is you are using the orange Home Depot 5 gallon buckets which are NOT food grade! If you have a Lowe's near you, they stock several sizes of containers that are food grade rated.  Terry Thomas Brookhaven Gardens Atlanta, Georgia USA USDA Zone: 7B
Hi! I was wondering if a plant was infested with leaf miners but I cut it down all the way and removed all leaves and overwintered it will the leaf miners return when the plant starts growing again in spring? Or should I just get rid of the entire plants? Thank you!
Hi @Khang Starr, Is Important to quit old soil? I have 3 plants of habanero in pots and i have cut branches and I have added fertilizer but the soil and the pots are the same. Thanks for your help and great videos.
Can I do this if my plant has already been frost damaged?  Went on fall vacation, got unexpected freeze ... leaves falling off, peppers falling off/dead ... just wondering if I can still salvage it ...
Khang check out my new video how to overwinter hot peppers!
Can you tell me what you used for your potting soil ? Or direct me to one of your videos that I might of missed. Please and thank you.
when you transplant into the pot, did you have to add anything to prevent shock?
i didn't understand from 0:40 to 0:55 ...what u usually do before" someone can write me about it". Thank u Khang for useful video. My english is so...nevermind😂
I overwintered a pepper plant indoors last year, without doing anything other than bringing it inside.  It survived and produced this year.  It was looking pretty sickly after spending all winter inside, but it recovered once I got it back outside in mid-spring.  So what's the point of all of the pruning and de-rooting?  I guess leaving it as-is causes the plant to spend too much energy trying to fruit/flower, and other things that just aren't going to happen indoors in winter without expensive lighting, and that it's better to let it go semi-dormant and "rest"?
how many hours of light on and light off to winter pepper plants?
You are my one Togo guy when I need to do plant things
Can you put your over winter plants in partial sun  (window) for the winter and it will still grow the next spring
Thanks I have a question is there any other plants that can be grafted to a pepper I have done tomatoes to potatoes and will be trying cucumber on gord next summer
I didn't know overwintering pepper plants was possible!  I have one that survived Harvey that is like to try to save.  When do you call it quits for the season?
I will do just that with my Hot pepper lantern plant. Thanks for very useful info.. You are quite an inspiration. I will let you know how I did.
I had heard that if you put tomatoes in the dark they would just go dormant. Same with eggplant & peppers I would think. All tender perenials. Just have to keep their roots from drying out. And prevent 32 degree air from hitting them.
At 6:39 there is a face in the plant stem....
Could you provide links of your lights and tent you have?
Thank you, 🙏
nice thanks for the info.  I just heard of neem oil today.  I have a few new bugs indoor plant.
I JUST PLANTED SOME PEPPERS AND IM USING A FERTILIZER SPIKES. WHAT KIND OF SOIL DO I NEED?
I did that to my pepper plant and no new shoots are coming. What to do now?
TOBACCO KILLS RODENTS,DISHSOAP KILLS SLUGS AND VINEGAR KILLS WEEDS LIKE ROUNDUP DOES.
Can you spray neem oil on the soil and then bring the pot indoor (to avoid any insects that may be in the soil) ?
Serious props.  i am overly critical.  Gr8 job;  the last 2 min are fantastic for all to know.  Great knowledge teaching Sir, Cheers!  Be Well.
Hi! Many thanks for all the things you have thaught me. how does this plant look today?
hallo Khang,  i always planted pepper into soil. before winter comes i dug the soil up and potted them to be over winter.. but i have never have a success with it.. they always died on me before december come.  I am here in Germany, oct mid already somewhat cold .. hence, i usually dug up at oct.   but they never work.. always the stem turn color then rot..   any idea ? i can't plant in pot, because i need to depend on artificial fertilizer if i plant them in pot. that's what i try not to do.
At 6:40 where his finger pointed that steam actually looked like a face, or maybe just me
I live in Zone 7, Dayton, Ohio.Can one do this with garden pepper plants, transplant to a pot?An then do Pest Control, followed by quarantine ?Does it matter the type of pepper plant?What about watering? Fertelizing?
Lol December 16th and you're still outside using your water hose?  My plants would be dead already.
Khang starr I've been wondering  how many years have you kept a pepper plant?
I thought you lived in Houston? I'm from Austin myself and we never have 20 degree weather in December, or through the whole year in fact. Was this recorded somewhere else or maybe it's just colder in Houston somehow?
where can i find that tent?
Btw you can ripen the fruits easy by cutting off the branch with the fruits and stand the branch into a vessel with water in a warm place for 1-2Weeks
How is the ratio for light-on and light-off time? 12h/12h?
What kind of light do you use?  Is it possible to rig one up. . .like using a desk lamp?
How much light per day is needed while overwintering?
Nice video. I should've over-wintered my pepper plants this way!...   I tried bringing a few inside with their pots as-is last fall, trimming them back, spraying with Neem/soap mix, and drenching the soil with Neem oil. That was based on some other instructions on the internet I saw. Big mistake, been living in Fungus Gnat Hell ever since. Using dunks, then topping all with D.E. never completely got rid of them...
pepper growing vids led me to vids on making bonsai from Peppers.  you seem to be half way there wirh this technique.  Have you ever done bonsai with them?  I read you can let them grow back to a normal pepper plant if you want.
Wanted to know if this pepper plant survived the transplant
great video, thanks for sharing which kind of lamp are you using? is it a fluorescent lamp? thank you again
You have just saved me years of frustration, thanks! If I may be bold enough to ask as it sounds  bit like we have similar weather,  where abouts are you located? I'm in Northern Ontario, Canada.
How do you know which plants would die or not when you cut off all the leaves?  Thanks for the video
nice does the neem work on wierd bugs from outside?
Thank you for the video. I save my pepper on the winter time.
i love your videos. keep them coming. i started growing my own pepper plant in August 2016 from seeds. two survived and are looking good:)
Thanks You've taught me a lot !!!
Do you have any recommendations for indoor lights? Affordable is best! haha
What size is the smaller bucket, and where did you get it? my older plants are doing ok, I take my older plants out in the sun if it's a decent day, but they are not fruiting.
hey khang Starr.I was wondering if theres a way to get pepper plants to produce more bigger branches towards the bottom of the bush.all my plants shoots grow super tall but only on the tops
Even though i live in the Caribbeans, when summer is over, i cut them down. my sour sop, peppers, and other plants, but never thought of cutting their roots. i thought that it would die. now i know that they don't. awesome video.
The are Hardy peppers to withstand winter weather.
nice video, i have question how much LUX light need the indoor plants to survive in the growing area
Hey, i really like Your videos, you'r really good in growing peppers, but...what About chocolate Bhutlah? :D you must grow it, Its really spicy And good looking pepper, you must have it for next growing season! Have a nice day And of course, happy new year! Enjoy it! :)
I've never thought of overwintering my pepper plants, we normally treat them as annuals. This was very interesting, thank you!
I did the same but put them in my cold basement.  Would I need to heat them and set up lights or can they got dormant?  Additionally I have stopped watering.
awesome vid brother....overwintering mine outside as I don't get many below freezing days,,, will upload my year end vid soon....keep it up
Lucky, my plants haven't yet to even grow to the height of these here.
how about a video on best seed starting methods?
i really love your videos. i have about 15 pepper plants that i am overwintering, most of them are quite young and fragile because i started them in september from seed. i had quite a lot of issues with them - they were not growing very nice and i figured that it was because i did not use a good soil - it was much roo compact wherefore the roots were not able to develop appropriately. i now added vermiculite and perlite to the soil and replanted them, so i hope they are going to recover. the other issue was as you mentioned a kot of pests on my plants. i tried a lot of stuff - to spray them with diluted soap and coffee as well as diluted soap and castor oil, but nothing worked. i will buy some neem oil now and try this. i started new seeds a month ago (about 12 varieties) and will try to include as much of your suggestions as possible to grow nice and healthy plants. pepper plants are really addictive - especially when you see all varieties available!!!!!! here in europe you have online shops in which they sell up to 780 different varieties of seeds :-) these grafting experiments are very interesting!!! best wishes from france!
If you aren't aware, you can use a high pass filter if you can in your video editing software to remove wind noise.  Wind noise creates a bassy sound and a high pass filter (or low cut filter) will allow you to remove some of the basseyness :)
Save and rejuvenate your potting mix!
Awesome vid as always 👍🏻
looking good khang!
Can I graph different pepper plants of different species as long as they are still in the nightshade family?
very interesting.  I'm so sorry I lost all my pepper plants.
did you eventually eat the leaves you cut off? ;)
Man I should've done this, will they stay dormant and survive without a light
When are you going to show how to show us how to graft?
I overwintered my first pepper plants this year.  Didn't do the neem oil. Now I spend a few days a week hunting aphids.
Why didn't you use the soil that was in the old pot? Are you looking to produce peppers over the winter or just preparing for next year?
Do you have any videos on how you graft your peppers? I'd love to see that!
are you changing the pot size back again in summer ?
Thanks for the video!  When I brought my plants inside I noticed they grew black dots on the leaves and those leaves started falling off.  I'm pretty sure it's a fungus problem have you ever had that problem?  Seems to spread quickly too.
Dr. Khangkenstein, strikes again, interesting, awesome job, my friend
how i do it also.  dont be afraid to really cut it back!!!!
I am very new to this, so your videos are quite helpful. I would be TERRIFIED to cut back my plant as you did, but hopefully I can build up my confidence and skill over the coming year.  I just started my very first simple grow cabinet (~1.75'x3') with a 37W LED lamp on an 18on-6off schedule, and so far things are looking good! I'm growing tomatoes, basil and parsley. The tomato plants have sprouted nicely and are growing quite quickly in Miracle Gro soil (though I have General Hydroponics Flora nutrients after a few months of distilled-water irrigation (water PH 6-7). The basil and parsley are growing using Kratkey hydroponics in 1L mason jars. I use soil in my net-cup, and a kleenex to prevent the soil from falling through. So far, the basil has sprouted and seems to be growing quite well, though the parsley has not (though it's only been a few days).  I'm _really_ excited to start growing some lettuce and spinach, and perhaps I will try my hand at growing some hot peppers! The LED light is bright and fantastic for the space, though I may get another one to slightly boost the light, if required. The area is nicely humid (I have water in my grow tray), and pleasantly warm. The small amount of warmth put off by the light regulates the temperature quite well.  I'm slowly thinking up plans to build a larger, multi-tiered grow closet or shelving system to handle far more produce. It's amazing how much can be grown given a small floor-space!   To be honest, I wouldn't have started growing without your videos, so thank you! I feel as though I'm embarking on a life-long journey. Growing is fun, relaxing, convenient, and you know *exactly* what is going into your food. I just wish I could grow everything! :)
how many years can you cut it down and let it grow up again?
khang do you sell seeds?
very nice khang
Awesome! ! !
*Uploaded 15 Seconds Ago* I need a life lol Keep up the great work!
