What if you don’t have a basement? My place is on a concrete slab and Pex tubing no copper.
He needs to tell her,it's 50.00 for teaching her a skill
Just like a cook chef needs spices , a plumber master need all these supplies   to the some magic. I think I saw in his hand a shut off valve to use it inside,  just in case! I loved this project and professionalism and the optimism of the house lady!
Nice job!!
This is a garbage job. Soldering so close to the adapter will destroy the plumbing tape on the faucet treads leading to water leaks. He should have completed soldering before treading the adapter. Or use a compression fitting. Or use PEX. Bleah...
If you solder the female adapter onto a piece of copper before threading it on it saves all that messing around. It also keeps you from burning off the Teflon tape with your torch.
Can you add one in a standard 2x4 wall?
As much as you pay for that thing they should give you a gasket for the outside wall.
It looks like he could have used just one elbow instead of two, just sayin’.
She has a great laugh.
Why no pex?
Richard makes it look so easy
Only thing on install is thread tape over the ends of pipe thread, this will cut off tape and possibly plug in system, maby not on hose valve , but say it goes to silonoid valve it wick use problems, 35 years experience running pipes water/ hydraulic/ air
Great job . But definitely wouldn’t have placed heat on the adapter after the teflon was installed. Take an extra minute or two to dry fit , then sweat . Then stick the new hose bib in the wall , teflon , and screw . Don’t risk a leak when it could have been prevented
She turned one step into 18 steps in her complaint. Incredible. 🙄
What about the flange to drain the water back out when turned off.  I watched three this old house videos and none talked about the white flange on the outside
why didnt he make the tie in level w/ the new spigot or visa versa?(inside)
They still make hose bibs with those deplorable mounting slots that are always too close to the pipe. The screws are rarely installed properly and eventually the bib comes loose. All they would need to do is make the flange a tiny bit wider and it would save everyone a headache.
What year is that dryer from!?
Free!!!!!
Ok missed an important part .  Faucet should be not be level going thur wall.  should be higher on inside then outside to allow any water remaining in faucet barrel to drain outside. Manufacturer recommends 5 degree downward pitch to outside .
So I am betting the cost of this job is a good $350.00 plus? Good video, looks easy when you know what you are doing.
Is he not going to braze/solder that into the pipe, just leave "pushed in" ????????
Bro your drill is in hammer mode, also those mounting holes will fail in no time, also old spigot left to rot.  2/10
What if you are getting your supply from the main. Exterior.
Great vid, should have removed the old hose bib and piping though.
I like the part where the lady fell asleep.
Man I wish I can get him to fix my vibrating water pipes , every time I turn them on on the outside they vibrate inside the home . The water pressure  Is to strong .
This man is a saint!
7:20 I don't get how a stainless braided hose is less prone to splitting or bursting than a non braided hose. They both are some kind of rubber or plastic hose just that one has a stainless braiding around it so sure it's more protected against abrasion and abuse but otherwise it seems like both would last the same amount of time as long as they weren't abused because they both have the same plastic hose, or do they? Tell me your thoughts.
That was cool.
What about the old faucet? It's just there
I wish he would have shown how to put that spigot back together after soldering.
Is she dead?  Is she mute?  Wow.
Another great video! 👍
I think the hole should have been a little smaller as the concrete screws were very close to the hole.
Couple of extra points to consider...ensure you drill the hole at a slight downward angle coming out so that any water can flow out of the pipe. Also use closed cell spray foam or waterproof sealant around the pipe. The standard expanding foam insulation actually wicks moisture.
Thank you . God Bless !!!
He forgot to debur the pipe
Wow that's a lot of Teflon
Didn’t put a rubber gasket outside to keep water out of hole. You get an f. Go to your room.
Why not sodder 1st and then thread that after ?
One foot down would made it perfect
4:07 Those are Channel locks, not pliers.  I'd never use pliers for anything in plumbing BTW.
I'm not a big fan of the frost-proof hose spigots.  I've installed dozens for customers over the years, but they rarely last more than five years without a complete overhaul or full replacement.  The brass hose bib is original to my 1926 home.  I've replaced washers and bonnet packing twice during the 46 years that I have owned my home and it's good for many more decades.  As long as water is turned off inside the house in the fall and the bib left open to drain, it's ready for our -30 deg. winters.   Frost-proof spigots are also six times the cost of a standard brass hose bib.
💚🤘🏿
💚💚💚💚 Bookmark/notes : Sep funnel ⚗️ double wrench tight , like everything melting Charlie chocolate factory old house hoses and pipes and wires , light bulbing / dryering soder , fluxin hot wiring ……………. Ruby red laser shiny like sun not so burning ect….tbc….-g-b, bot
Did you really solder with ptfe? It didn't melt. You are supposed to solder first and then add ptfe to the threads I guess
Looked like a different hose also. Did not take any time to clear the air out of the hose, got water right away.
Been a Plumber since 1985. And meet many people... It's been a blessing to be in this "service field" 🛁🚿🚽🧻❤️
Here in 2021.  Why wasn't the original higher spigot not removed?  You can see it at the end of the video.  It would make a nice backup or secondary water source, however it's still leaky, so that leak should have been repaired, just as Richard has done before in other episodes.
Wont freeze if you're power stays on...
no caulk? concrete screws orplastic anchorand stainless screws?
Big fan, Richard.  How do I know when it's necessary to ream the tubing after cutting it?
Shouldn't you add the plumber's tape after you solder the joint 2" inches away rather than take a chance and melt it?
This lady is adorable.  I like this video
The lady just improved my mood - god bless her
Just like buttah
Why Put a Shut-off Valve on a Frost- Proof Spigot that doesn't need to be turned off for the colder months. Wouldn't it be better to put a Dual Emergency Shut-off Valve for the washing machine. Just Saying  "Why install a Frost- Proof Spigot if I've Still have to turn the Faucet off inside anyway ?
2:25 Think she can find some other uses for that drill around the house
Is it just me or does that new copper slant up? Do it right all even horizontally Richard
Lol, Rich had the drill in hammer mode when he was driving the screws in. Also he used the wrong type of screws. I would have used a flat head screw. Although I suppose the countersink head screw works as well.
you don't put any silicone caulk on outside to keep water out?
No steel bars? Lucky.
“If you don’t own one, you can actually rent one”...... hey man....nobody OWNS one of those 🤓
Should have 90ed out of the hose bib and stayed totally horizontal to the tie in and used a stop and drain valve so the residual water can be drained out!!
perfect video 5 star
Fun lady. Hard to believe they'd put the spigot that high.
so much drama for tv lol
In Wisconsin, maybe we are dumb, we put our basements under ground, this one is away above ground and really doesn't have the R factor of a six inch wall.  Just say not being able to reach the water faucet is not the only problem.  We do rely on sump pumps, good to have a backup system in case of power failure.
Doesn't the heat damage teflon tape during the soldering?
Why not solder the threaded adapter onto the copper pipe first,  then thread it on after the sillcock is installed.  No need to pull the stem out.
Can you repair these long taps like the reseating of the old style?  Or do you have to pull the long neck out and replace?
He said cock ....
Think thats enough flux?
wish he would have snagged abit of rebar the first hole :D   hey Vinney, gimme another pound of flux, I dont have enough on the fitting yet., I love these shows honestly
Hi Richard my faucet looks like same as in this vid but don't have any access from inside the house any idea how you replace it
Don't forget to disconnect the hose in the winter time it would keep the water from draining and split the pipe in the winter.
All in all a really good video.  Not living in the north I wasn't really sure how the the hose bib like this functioned.  Good info.
As usual super great video, but I have a question about Teflon tape... Richard wraps the threads many turns. How many turns is "just right" and how many turns is too much? I was told that you want just one or two layers of tape on the thread. Was this an old wive's tale?
It would have been amusing if she decided to wet him 😀
These frost free spigots are just fancy, poorly made junk.  The solution is to install a regular old hose bib/spigot and properly winterize it before the freezing cold weather comes.  There's no need for fancy "frost free" hose bibs.  What tiny bit of water is left in the spigot after winterizing procedure is done properly will not be anywhere near enough to expand and damage the pipe or spigot when it freezes.   Winterizing your outdoor spigot is easy.  Step 1: disconnect hose from the spigot.  Step 2: turn spigot on (FULL OPEN).  Step 3:  turn off  the water to the spigot inside the house.  Done.  Do NOT close the outside spigot, leave it full open all winter.  DO NOT REATTACH THE HOSE!  LEAVE IT OFF! People have been doing this for decades and decades with no problems.
Like buttuh
Wayyy too much flux
Lmao he cut away before she asked for the price 🤣
Forgot to foam the pipe in the wall. Rookie mistake.
I wondering how long,the lady had been used the stool to turn on the water hose...
5:35 - Man, I wish Rich would have said that sooner before I flooded my whole basement...
For the part where he was mounting the faucet outside, the pilot holes he was drilling was so close to the hole for the pipe that there wouldn't be enough material for the screw to grab without breaking the concrete.  Also why was his drill still on the hammer function while driving the screw?  I'm not a plumber and this isn't really a criticism, I'm about to install one of these on my home so I'm just trying to find out what I'm missing here.
Good job  !!!!!!
Rich to the rescue! Nice job! I’ve got to replace one myself.
Can we get this poor lady some newer appliances?!
I wish they would do a replacment spigot when the lines are in the wall. With no access and not in a basement of crawlspace.
What if your drilling in to the concrete and hit rebar?
Just add a ton of dirt to raise the ground up to the hose
How much you charged for this work Richard ?
Any reason why you could not use a shark bite adaptor...it would be solder free and you would not have to worry about damaging the seals?
what size are the treads at the end of the hose bib. It is a model 17. I thought I had every fitting known to man. I would like it to be an elbow if possible. I would like to avoid shark bite which is what leaked and destroyed my wall.
How much does a job like that  cost to do...
Nice video. Should have removed old faucet not to have future problems with it.
Why did you not use shark bites?
I love her energy!
That lady was so happy to not have to risk her life to turn on the hose anymore!
1st world problems ..🙍🏽‍♂️
These kind of videos is what YouTube should be promoting!  Very instructive & straightforward video!
Needs slope to out but good video.
Why not use pvc Why then home owner have such complicated tools for just diy
What a cutie
She’s fun to watch
She should've married Kareem Abdul Jabbar
Always best to solder before applying the teflon tape... lol. Just saying.
Good idea to blow/suck out the dust from the hole BEFORE injecting the expanding foam 😁  Also, expanding foam adheres MUCH better if you slightly damped the service first. So spraying the inside of the hole with a mist of water from a little plant sprayer bottle would have worked well. It’s what I do.   Great video though. Gotta love Richard 👍
He coud have explained the answer to life and it still would have gone over that heifers head. The hamster in that noggin is barely running
Pleasant Lady.
Did not know about removing the stem/extension B4 soldering to protect seals from melting. Good to know should I ever install this type of valve. Thanks!
2:58 nice lady.
Why didn't he solder the adapter first and then screw it to the faucet instead of taking the faucet apart?
Di-electric union is needed because a copper pipe is being connected to a steel spigot.  They are dissimilar metals. Teflon tape, instead, is all that he uses.
I seen a lot of his videos and she was the most enthusiastic person ever
I'm surprised he neglected to angle the stem so the water on inside the valve would drain out instead of sitting inside the 12" copper piece where it could freeze and split. That's why there is a plastic cap on the outside to allow air behind the water so it will drain out and not freeze in the winter.
That lady’s been outside playing with that hose since 2016.
Why install a shut-off valve if you have a frost free garden faucet ?
Great video... Very informative!  Rich makes it all look so easy.  For me, I'd still have to play it safe and call a plumber to do this job on my house.  I did notice one tiny thing I'd like to point out.  That said, I'm familiar with very basic plumbing and noticed that soon after time 5:42 when Rich finished cutting the copper pipe, he didn't make an effort on camera to deburr the inside of the two, newly cut pipe ends.  Not doing so can create water turbulence inside the pipe, resulting in erosion and a possible future leak.  Here's an excellent video re: the importance of deburring:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIIvGG6qNJM.
Can you really just unscrew it from the outside if it needs to be replaced?
Anybody remember the old SNL skit  Middle-Aged Man? He has powers and knowledge that are far beyond younger men. Middle-Aged Man. Caught between forty and fifty-five Accruing more interest, yet losing his sex drive. Middle-Aged Man.”😊
How the heck does she hear him standing outside the concrete foundation?
What kind of spigot do I use for outside potable water?
In order for the frost free valves to actually be frost free in the winter, it’s important to disconnect the hose from the valve and let it drain before the winter.
Anyone know why he made several bends in the connection rather than just go straight over?
-Why dont you turn on the hose.  -Wow! The water flows....thats cool!!! lol
He didn’t seem too concerned about mounting that spigot at a slight downward angle to facilitate drainage.
How much should a plumber charge for a project exactly like this?
Hi rich...I need this done to my plumbing ...how do I find you????lol..I'm so serious
They weren't kidding when they said old house. I think my parents had that same dryer when I was a kid. Come to think of it, my parents have the same red siding. Hey wait a sec.
Richard is soo badass. He & Tommy are great, they are all the best! Richard is so smooth!!  :-) !!
Did she have a stroke at 3:48? Call the paramedics!
Does the heat hurt the tape?
An informative video.  Over the years I've installed and replaced a number of these faucets.  Always found it best to first solder a length of pipe to the adapter before threading the adapter onto the faucet.  Avoids the need to fully back out the washer/shaft assembly to protect the washer from the heat of the flame.
You need a rappel house and a wall brace, to step up 4 inchs?
Hay Rich, did you have enough flux applied there?
the shark bite technology may have been interesting for this application..
Savaging at 2:42
M
at 2:16  "the hardest part of this job is drilling through this wall" (wait for it...) oh!  i love her reaction..
That’s cool. For the inside connection, is it okay to use threaded pipe/tube , no soldering?
Why don’t y’all ever use shark bite fittings?
He didn't ream out (deburr) the copper tubing when cut. Will cause turbulence, and cavitation!!
you learn so much from this guy.  thanks Richard !
These american people are more happy than "Happy tree friends".
U didn't drill on a down word angle for drainage
F*** DeWalt
Would it be wise to slope the Frost-Proof Hose Spigot a tiny bit so the water on the outside would drain out and not freeze ?
Does the water that is trapped in like the last 4 inches not freeze?
Thanks I just learned something
2:56 the camera man was just like  "Make it look like you are doing something"
Use a solder gun rather than the flame and you wouldn't burn the O-rings
He left the old valves there for when she grows.
He applies Teflon tape and screws the copper fitting on the valve end, takes the valve all apart, then later uses a torch to solder the pipe on to the copper fitting - melting the Teflon tape that he put on the fitting on the valve end - why not solder the pipe first, then screw it on to the faucet end?    Why did he not caulk (or use great stuff - like he did inside) around the outside of the faucet when he installed it?  And how did he know, without taking measurements, that he wouldn`t have drilled through another pipe or anything else on or near the inside wall - wait, I know - he has superman vision!
I appreciate her immense enthusiasm
A DeWalt hammer drill.
lmao he didnt show us finishing screwing the left tapcon thats cause he messed up on the the size of the  main bit
All that has to be done now is remove that old spigot and fill in the hole.
Could just soder a small piece on the female so you dont have to pull it all apart.  But I'm assuming you wanted to show us the insides anyways.   Cool video !
Uhh dude you forgot to remove the old faucet
Alright, I didn’t understand why he explained the reasons he was using the threads, in case they needed to replace spigot at a later time, yet he didn’t take advantage of that exact thing… Instead he screwed it on the spigot, ripped the spigot apart, and then soldered it. If he could not have left the spigot together, and had first soldered it, then how would it help you if you needed to replace it years later? When you go to replace it later on you wouldn’t be taking the spigot apart because you wouldn’t be soldering the joint, so why do it now. Seems like an unneeded step. I get needing to keep everything upright, and not having it to where the spigot is upside down when you go to screw it in because it got too tight and you weren’t able to make that last ¼ turn, but you will most certainly run into that exact same problem when you go to replace it years later. Just SOLDER it already! ;) Skip the threads.
Teflon tape? It will need replacing. Think you used enough flux there butch?
I do like the insulating cover on the old outlet pipe.  It's like they want to make every attempt to make sure it freezes, lol.
They just left the old hose bib that's already leaking...
SUPPOSED TO SOLDER THE ADAPTER ON A PIECE OF PIPE FIRST RICHARD. THEN LET IT COOL DOWN AND DO YOUR TAPE & DOPE ON THE MALE THREADS !
RIGHT WAY TO DO IT, BUT ON LONG ISLAND IN NY. THAT WOULD BE AROUND 800 DOLLAR JOB !
Looks like he used too big of a bit to drill through the wall.
Like Buttah!
She under sold it. I kinda wished she complained about something. Like the water pressure
How could even somebody push that "dislike button" ? Amazing to see the time and effort to put in to make such a video. Those who 'dislikies' ,try make a video and feel the pain to do the stuff, I've tried it, it takes 10 time more time to edit and upload it. I really appreciate This Old House;s  helpfulness.
you guys should do a video with pvc pipe for those who have pvc[just starting DIY]... I had to put one in... took me a while to figure it out, but I got it in, and so far so good
I like this video. Good stuff.
What chick does not swoon for a handyman around the house??
Good vid
don't solder the copper while threaded on the valve.
You ever drill the foundation and it crumbles ?
He drilled the hole through the foundation slightly to big.
Swedish version is “cut to size” depending on wall thickness 😁
wouldnt the garden hose lose pressure if she is using the washing machine....
Why didn't you put chalking insulator around the Spigot before screwing it to the outer concrete wall on the outside.
Srsly, how many of these does the show really need done? I count maybe 10 so far?? :-/
He left out the critical step of creating a small downward angle towards the outside of the house.  This assures complete drainage each time the water is shut off to prevent freezing. With the exception of Tom Silva, who is clearly a master carpenter, I think sometimes the other guys in this show are doing projects for the very first time.
Or maybe you don't yank on the hose like an idiot. Your legs are fine, just walk up the stool.
Good idea, but, Worst product ever! Ours split and rained water into our finished basement. Keep the valve outside!!!
Doesn't that torch totally destroy the teflon tape?
Why   the need for two 90s? why not just use one 90 and go straight to the T fitting?
Straight to the point and clear to understand.
that dryer is a gem.
I'm surprised that a silicone sealant wasn't used to seal the hole through the foundation to prevent any water or bugs from entering the basement.
the previous homeowner must have been a giant. just look at the height of that water valve
Could you show more videos on sharkbite type or pex fittings for plumbing purposes?
that dryer is older than I am...
How come he didn't remove the old one?
Hi guys nice job .I like watching yours videos about plumbing .I`m from Poland and I See that the plumbing it's different  everywhere .Lets see few of my videos .Plumbing is my proffesion  but it's my passion too my english it'snot perfect but I've hope that you can understend me thanks guys and I'm waiting for more your videos about plumbing.
Now that was a good video Richard. Good information and excellent plumbing (of course)! Odd that they put the spigot so high in the first place (lazy builders).
the backflow   valve holds water n freezes and LEAKS everyyyyyyyyyyy year...crappppppppppp
I'm going to Maak it
old one
this is better than the last video that has that fancy overpriced adapter you had to use every time
Why are there no "This Old House" experts who are A. honorable and B. available and C. actually show up, here in Texas?
it leaks because you're yanking on the hose. you're not that old you can't walk up a small little stool
I've already seen this on youtube. I like watching these guys but if you've already posted it, we don't need to see it again
que buen trabajo.gracias
Im pretty sure they can build a house top to bottom with minimal help.
I fell like this would be fun to do as a job. Interact with nice (usually) people and then do some fun work.
Already posted?
