He's breathing heavy because it's dam  cold outside.
And this is how Darth Vader installs an outdoor light.
How long did it take?
Great job
Hey loved the video and I noticed you had that beautiful car project lol make sure you post updates  thanks 🤓
Bitchfiasco at 2:02 hahhahah!
Awesome! Really informative.  Well done!
One of the most useless videos I've ever seen. You would of been better drawing a plan in crayon instead of making us dizzy. Zero info
Prometheus called, he wants his facial hair back.
how much for the monte carlo??!!
Did you add those lights so you could see all crap at in the garage
Can I run a line from my porch light to a ring motion sensor light/security camera
i recomend this  https://www.ebay.es/itm/164234609700
Why you outta breath?
Here's the center hole. (Breathing heavy) the other one's over here. (Breathing heavy) going up latter. (Grunt) (Breathing heavy)
Look like a CAVEMAN with the face piece!
Great job!
Great Job!
Great job!
Is that a 15 amp circuit?
Dude work your cardio
You have asthma
Good job I'm installing 2 new motion lights tomorrow adding power ,thanks for the info
Thanks a lot for the siding kit tips. It did work great for me. Highly appreciated efforts worth the subscription in your Channel..
Hey pal, you oughtta get your breathing checked out. Worried about you brother. Thanks for the video!
A circle saw would have helped u so much and put circle old work boxes/circle cut in boxes. I think it’s a 4 in box so a 4 1/4 inch circle saw would have worked well. In a garage u don’t need run run wire through holes but it would have definitely looked better and keep the wires safe
The one part I wanted see—cutting and putting in the boxes you left out!
Thanks for the help.  The Arlington box you mentioned is really helpful.
Good video. I feel like giving you a bottle of water.
Bro! Sounds like you just ran a mile.
Holy mouth-breathers Batman!
Great video, great job ! I'm needing to hardwire my ring spotlight camera, as its currently battery run. I hate electric work, but I'll eventually get around to it and once I figure out exactly how to run the wires.
Nice documented and just what I was looking for. Thanks for sharing.
It's chewbacca
Are you from buffalo, ny?
Thank you. Quick, concise, not unnecessarily wordy.  :D
Did you run a fucking marathon just before recording this?
its so important to get the wiring right before fitting outdoor lights https://www.lightsoflichfield.co.uk/products/alex-downlight-1-light-outdoor-wall-light, i would recommend always getting a professional.
You just added $60000  to the value of your house. Those lights really brings it out
take a breath bro
Is that beard fake??   To me, it just looks extremely unnatural; as I can picture u clean shaven.  Good video!!  Helpful and informative!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=q03hNtdzNl8
Neolumberjack beards are over.
Thanks man!
Thanks for the video,ill like to do the same running 2 sensor lights in front of garage,only power source is a outlet next to garage motor,ill like to install a light switch for both those sensor lights is there a video on youtube for that installation? Plz help
you should have installed white lanterns
Why are you so out of breath?
why are you breathing so heavy?? most annoying part of the video.... had to stop watching
Why do you have a STOP sign in your garage!!! lol
Great vid.  You have a lot of garbage cans
I have an exterior light that isn't working. Do you think if I re-wire it, it will work? It seems like with a light, if it's not working, it's the wiring. I connects to a 3 light switch and the lights that go with the other switches work.  The exterior light has 3 little chandelier type bulbs. Once when I turned it on, it sparked in the socket to one bulb. The other little socket cover looks scorched.  Any advice would be appreciated! A handyman said it was the light fixture itself. It still makes me wonder if it's the wiring in the house that's the problem.
Dang you are constantly out of breath.  If you're always like that you should get it checked out.  This video was perfect though.  Thanks much.
Wow, i came here for a basic idea of how to run my power, but learnt about the siding mounting block. THOSE ARE AWESOME. I just replaced some vents, those blocks would have been perfect.
Great video. Thanks for posting!
I BET THIS GUY  IS A SMOKER!      TAKE A BREAK FROM THE PACK A DAY BUDDY..
Sweet cutlass
might want to get the shortness of breath checked out.
Cut that damn nappy ass beard and you might be able to breathe a lil easier.
Thanks for the Arlington part number. I wasn't aware of that device. The Arlington 8161 is made for mounting a lamp on a flat surface (my need) and the parts are available in packages of one at Amazon.
thanks, great stuff!
Look up 334.15(b) in the NEC before your garage catches fire
Cheers for the Arlington tip.
have you heard of a rotozip its a spiral say that make it easier.
Why didn't you use old work boxes and cut them in the right way, or a shallow round box just cut the siding and mount them directly to the inner wood of your garage if you were cutting in boxes? You would not have had to build out from the stud. This is not the way someone qualified to do this would have wired this.
1:47 almost tried to put a magnet to the screen to see if the beard would move around #woolywily lol
Nice gbody monte u have in the garage!! Good vid..
Not allowed to use 12awg for lighting?    They must have been lighting a backyard stadium . LOL
Sweet  beard.. Would have been nice to see the mounting of the boxes. But im sure there were lots of foul language goin on. Great video
Winded while wiring
Winded.  And skipped the box mounting.
Did you mount the blue plastic box flush to the sheathing?
I don't care what gage of wire you use
Oh, I forgot to add, other than me concern mentioned previously, this was a well done video.  Thanks
Did you use a reciprocating saw to cut the vinyl siding?   From my experience the vinyl siding would flap back and forth with the saw perhaps damaging the siding or, if it is cold, you run the risk of cracking it big time.
Anything running on mains voltage is in parallel.
You could have just run a cable from the switch to one of the lights, then from that light to the other. No need for a junction box there. For future ref
is it scary? wow,thanks for the explainantion,15 amp is only put 14 gauge.
Screw all this. I would rather see a video on you getting that Monte Carlo running. No Monte should ever have that much dust on it. Running or not.
everything about this is wrong
The only thing i do in the cold is shovel snow! Great video. Is that vinyl siding? I have aluminum. Any difference in making the hole?
I'm trying to do almost the same thing just one... A flood lamp, but no power source I'm going to make a new one.. Can I leave the conjunction box outside I just don't Want to cut big holes on my house
It must take forever to remove your wife from that scraggly muff!
dude, that is one wickedass beard! That thing is mad distracting. Good job though.
Probably no more than 75 watts. I'll only be using the lights when finishing up on DIY projects, the rest of time will be charging station, grinder,saws etc.
I'm going to wire a storage shed with outlets and lights on the same line. Wouldn't spliting the line (junction) 1 way to the exterior light switch and the other for the outlets work with 12-2  20 amp breaker since I'm going to use grinders,drills etc. be enough?
this guy working on this , I think he very tired
@Prouisorsapientiae  Hi there, I dont know if it is, yes this is an old house and some things are botched by the FIL, things that he did just to get it done. We have had a rough time sorting out some things. I just thought it was strange how it doesnt happen anymore. I do know DH has been perplexed at the wiring of this house, we will eventually get it all rewired. Thanks for your input. Have a great day.
Instead of running the romex across the rafters you should of bored holes and ran it thru. But I'm sure you wont damage the cable. Other than that good video.  Also why not install a set of 3-way switches instead of the single pole? One by the entrance at the overhead door and one by the man-door?
We had a weird thing happening at our old house. If we had the heating on, the dryer and the toaster, the power would go out. DH would say too many hot things on. Well, the chimney interior collapsed,we'd been hoping to get through winter with our old heating before replacing with a mini split system, since not having the furnace operating, guess what! We have had oil filled space radiators on, toaster, dryer, dishwasher and have not had one power failure!!??  Do furnaces draw a lot of power?
@Techozek   Thanks Techozek for your input. Im not sure about all that stuff but I will try to find out and run all of it by my FIL if he ever gets here to help us out. thanks, cheers.
@Techozek Please explain why you feel that way... Not being arrogant or anything, I am just trying to learn what is going on. I know there is a difference between the way things used to be done and the way they are done now, so would like your input. Thanks.
Thanks so much for sharing this with everyone, very kind of you. We need to put lights on our garage. I am waiting on my FIL to help with some home improvement stuff, might be waiting for a while with him though.
@Prouisorsapientiae thanks man. these wires are not cheap!  maybe i will do a video when i figure this out!
@Prouisorsapientiae thanks. but how do you add feeders? just find a box/light fixture and connect the new wires to the old ones?
@Prouisorsapientiae thank you for the reply. i dont know how feeders work haha. let me do some research.
how do you add wire from the junction to the 2 new lights?
nice work
Epic beard!
@Prouisorsapientiae Honest observation
@glk001 ..Spell check...Good*, not God...Damn typo's...
@Prouisorsapientiae  Now that must be a nice set up and I wish him god fortune with it...Probably cost a small fortune to build...lol...
Cardio.
@Prouisorsapientiae As long as it got done, worked and looked good, thats what counts...Got to do two on a new garage for my sister tomorrow...They built a two car garage and I did all the wiring for it, along with the 100' trench for the #2 / 4 conductor for the sub panel...And of course communication wire and cable for the Tv...LOL...But your very welcome and enjoy your day!..
They make electrical boxes mounted on a steel track that will fit between your between the studs...Screw em to the studs position the box to your holes and tighten down the screws...Mount your plate to the box, wire the lights up and then mount the fixture to the mounting plate...Done deal, no need to your one by piece of wood...Use a gig saw next time also instead of the sawz-all...Nice job...
Jesus Christ - either get in shape or slow down. I couldn't even watch this cus every other word was heavy breathing and panting.  Next time, don't run a marathon before doing a how-to video.   Or maybe shave and you won't carry around all that weight
really good video. im thinking about doing an outside electrical outlet. and stubled upon this. thanks for sharing
Watching some HGTV  dude with perfect hair, reading  from a script, is nowhere near as helpful  as watching you cut messy holes & look worried about everything. Reality vs Fantasy. Thanks for sharing this video, it's really helpful.
The guy breaths just too much for me to acutally watch this video.
Ahhhh lol time for a beer!
Great video. Funny dude. Like the diagram insert.
15amp?! Whoa! Here in the UK, it's 5amp for a lighting circuit, and the sockets are fed at 13amps at 240v.
Thanks for the tip on the Arliington 8141
