Did not mention that he had to dig to the frost level and backfill it with gravel. Also, did not mention that this technique is only good for 2 ft retaining walls.
We recently bought a house with a engineered stone retaining wall. The edges of the wall are failing and the construction adhesive is breaking down and the blocks are cracking. the wall was built in the mid to late 1990s.
It's an itty bitty retaining wall
For a retaining wall that isn’t on a hill, is it necessary to put in that perforated tubing? We want to replace the old large rocks that act as a retaining wall in front of our house that edges up to the sidewalk. It’s not downhill. Just wondering if that would be necessary?
wow, looks great!
what kind of blocks are these? I am trouble finding on my local box store website
Looks horrible , what an amateur  job.
Excellent video- helped us envision what it will take for our wall. But I have to say "Preforated"? maybe "perforated". lol.
I like a girl that’s not afraid to get her hands dirty!
Do you start the wall at the highest or lowest point?
Why doesn't anyone wear gloves?
Wow huge improvement .. looks amazing.. great work ❤❤
4 years of season changes and I bet this wall is starting to look like the old one. Should have poured a high strength concrete wall.
+ WASP
That fabric behind the wall is defeating the point of a free draining wall! besides that looks great
@Mark McCullough ;    Why are you pronouncing perforate, PREFORATE?
Wall looks but not constructed correctly wrong gravel for bass there's no fine in the gravel needs to be solid compaction to have a proper base for installing walls bricks anything never used washrooms under once again fabric also it should not be in there water drains through the gravel through the wall which is the correct way
New wall is a huge improvement!  Nice job!
Hey I like to know where can I buy does bloks? Thanks 👍
What a difference when things are done correctly
I have yet to see any concrete block hold their color and not turn black or gray from sun and water.  If you want to keep the original color, you need to use natural stone.
Darby? From SOA?
Personally should’ve gone higher
obvious fake couple detected. why is tv so gay?
How much can I charge for doing this job
That is really nice.
That’s significantly better. Wow!!
1:38 Mr. Gorbachev:
nice wall ... but it will also eventually start to lean from the water pressure, especially in a cold clime ... why ? ... because the water is not directed above the top of the retaining wall but rather is diverted directly into its rear where the swell and pressure can develop ... it is much better to have the water drain down the front of the wall instead of being forced to drain into the rear of the wall. The soil level should reach slightly above the cap height. A valuable $4000 lesson.
I live these DIY videos by these guys....great information...
1:38 Tear down this wall!
I thought this video is about 12 ft tall wall. Why wasting time in discussing to see this 1 ft wall. Sooo much discussion for this small job.
I like watching these videos with the 'lets get to work' songs ha ha...pretty good job
Didn't realize how much went into putting up a retaining wall!  Such a physical job!  This looks fantastic!
Where is it draining to?
Looks good. How do they exit the drain pipe neatly?
Good job
1:53 scotty doesn't know
How much would it cost me a wall like that if I'm a home owner?
B b  tg
I dodge chose phone
How far below my level line should I allow for two rows of 8” block 2 rows high. I’m at 1” 1/16 now
Preferated? Where do they get these guys?
Man I wish my walls was this easy... 😅 😅 😅
Beautiful thumb nail
Would it be good or bad to use the sock to cover the perforated pipe?
Does anyone have a link to those those blocks used? Been looking for big ones like that...
Man looks like grown caillou
So let's put gravel so the water can drain and not create pressure against the wall.  Then let's block all the water from getting to the gravel thus pushing the gravel and wall when it pools up along the fabric......what in the world lol
Mark gonna steal his girl
The drainage makes no sense. You’ve got however many inches of clean stone and then you put perforated pipe on top of it to “collect and disperse water”??? Further, the purpose of providing drainage is to give excess water somewhere to go. So where does it go? If it’s just left to run out the end of the wall when it reaches a certain level then the pipe is totally redundant. Water will find its level with or without the pipe. One more thing, If the wall is retaining such a vast amount of ground behind 😏why weren’t weep holes installed? Or were they not required because the wall is permiable? In which case just put the wall up and chuck some gravel behind it! You’re welcome, love from the UK. xx
They thought it was an easy job, no problem. Until...the first few hostas were removed and they wished they had never called for help and could just leave that baby brick wall alone⁷
Where did the perforated drain end?
You have to watch more video's to catch all the little things Not shown here. Bob Villa has the best info on a video i watched for the DIY...RULE OF THUMB INFO. And they do matter! If you DIY PRICE $$$ TYPE & AMOUNT OF  SCHEDULING MATERIALS TO DELIVER & WHERE THEY WILL BE DROPPED. WEATHER FORECAST HIRED HELP PIZZA & BEER BUDDIES??? ** Height of wall ** Type of soil where you are 🛑Do you need a permit? Engineer Letter or any City Inspection? Home owners Association may have a requirement or two. ARE YOU REMOVING RAIL ROAD TIES ? THEY REQUIRE SPECIAL HANDLING & DISPOSAL!!!  🛑 Call 1 800 dig tess for any underground line locating Gas Electrical Cable underground! 🚩Before you dig!!! MATERIALS :  Underlayment/Erosion Barrier Size of rock & how much for Footer/ the trench & backfill. Perforated drain type How it will drain is it one direction or two like inbetween houses? Do you need to cut the curb Or use a pop-u at end of drain???  Type of wall system you are building  And the wall you may be removing ? WEATHER  TOOLS & I am talking about safety!  And talking to you're neighbors if they are close and it effects the drainage between the 2 Homes IF that is your situation.  But i do love this vid & the materials used & Mark is Spot On that is a strong wall!  But this is a quickie video And it is hard work...👍
Nice job.for this old house..
That was quick.
Don't really see the point with the drainage pipe, what was the fall across the length of the retaining wall? How is the dirt going to be washed out of it over time so it can continue to function?
Awesome job and I love the the new stone with the double row of locks, I did not notice the showing of how to connect more drainage pipe and the end caps which are important to keep things from accumulating over time. Keep sharing, may everyone prosper from this kind of stuff, I know it has helped our family over the years, a great blessing.
Great Scott!
Won't stacking the geo tarp vertically like that create a barrier for the water causing the same issue they already had?
These 2 home owners r probably dumber than those bricks used in the wall.
I know what a PERF.or.a.tion is, but what is a PREForation?
Its look good but theres 2 problem that i didnt see. 1 where did he connect the pipe . 2 the gravel need to be open the water can run tru the gravel.
Can someone explain why he put fabric behind the wall? Seems like it would trap the mud and push the wall over instead of letting the water drain through
Preforated?
Does the perforated drain pipe empty anywhere? They didn't show where it emptied to. Or is it supposed to act as a seep reservoir?
I heard you never use a mesh liner
$4,000???? For that price I'd build a retaining wall with concrere base reinforced with rebar anchored to the existing concrete wall,natural stone veneer,(face of wall and flagstone or fieldstone cap) this guy is a RIP off!!!
One big mistake is this guy making with all his retaining walls  The real professional way of drainage goes first gravel And then the drainage pipe Then gravel again and then comes on top of those come the pavers  When he puts the drainage pipe in back of the pavers that means to say that the water first will come up above a little bit the pavers and then it will go into the drainage of this could cost with time as well the wall will collapse
Where did you source the block from? I'm not finding any that stout that have that level of interlocking.
I wish I could give this more likes. Thanks for sharing
He did so much in under 6 minutes
Yep, build the wall!
Ya lo hize,PL that set.
P r e f e r a t i o n s
I think at 5:45 he farted as her reaction confirms this...
Without geogrid it will fail again
I only came here to see if Stanley Genadek already commented. And we all know he's not gonna be a happy monkey!
i didnt sar a filter clath
Filter fabric is a no. It gets clogged eventually and then does not let the water through.   I am just trying to quote Dirt Monkey on this one. I would take his opinion above others. I am not a contractor so please explain if I’m wrong or misunderstanding The Dirt Monkey videos.
The best repair to fix a failed block retaining wall, use solid concrete.
What do you do with the top of the fabric before laying the capstone? Just fold it over or leave it pulled back?
Why don't they use concrete to join the bricks?
Please stop making fun of Roger!
The main problem with the original wall was the lack of back-fill. There's no need for the drain pipe because the water is meant to leak out the front bricks.
curious what is on either end of the drain tube that was inserted.  Open at either end (allowing dirt to fill the tube)?  Closed at either end?  Hummmm
Who is the manufacturer of  this concrete blocks?  I would like to build one myself. If I have a slope at the highest point (from  bottom to top)about 4 feet and  from this 4 feet high slope  extending 40 feet to the other end (right to left) with the height of about one feet, would this concrete blocks on the high end side strong enough to support the dirt?
For really good explanations check out Stanley "Dirt Monkey" Genedak. He explains it all very well.  This guy did a good job too. Looks good.
If the drainage pipe is perforated how does water run through it to the end. Can anyone explain? Like if there are so many holes I don't get it?
Does it matter what size stone you use and why ??
good job.
Hi matey sorry to tell you Need to come round to our house
"it'll look nice with our house too..." "Yeah.. Good, okay.."  Aka: Shut up and let me do my job
hahaha drumpf
lol 6 inches of gravel behind that is dumb, need at least 12-18 there
Who is this imposter????
perfect. built to last
How did he cut the stones in half?
What did they do about that big piece of rock? There seemed to be a large rock when they were putting in the gravel (3:00)
I love this video just because the husband is the only person ever able to match marks incredibly apathetic voice
Where's ROGAAAAAAA!
STOP PUTTING FABRIC BEHIND THE WALL IT CLOGS RETAINS WATER FROM DRAINING DOES NOT HELP
4K??!   Nah, I'll just have the Mexicans down the street build mine. They laid all the tile for my patio and gazebo under $1000, I am sure they can build this under 500.
Don't trust someone who calls a retaining wall block a paver
Wow that’s a hell of a lot of work.
Can I use a retaining wall on a driveway that has a drop off? The drop off is right outside the garage so if I back up too far I’ll fall in the ditch 🙄
How much do you charge for feet!!!
Where can i get these blocks?
only 5k dollars.
Where is Roger?
FOUR THOUSAND ???  Conned
What you need are tiebacks
That guy didn't dig under that plant. He straight chopped it out. I know you cut roots when transplant but Roger shakes head.
Still not built correctly
This is the quality that I like to do for my landdscaping business startup. I am still learning where I am at in Seattle.
Nice how much?
You can also use 1' X 2' blocks of concrete  2000 lbs each to build a retaining wall. It requires no mortar and no back fill. It need not be anchored to anything.
Surely the fabric should have been under the gravel as well? Just from my experience of septic soakaways that gravel under there will fill with mud then you're back to square one.
Roots grow!
Nooo.. U butchered those hostas!
This is science fiction for such a small project
Where is the drainage pipe dumping the water to? I don't see any veep-holes between the concrete blocks of the 1st course.
Need at least 6 inch limestone base with a plate compactor! That's how I do it anyways.
Anyone looking for a verrry similar guitar rift should listen to insane clown posse, homies. Jordan Critz must be a serious juggalo! 😂😂😂😂
Ahh memories I would watch this like in the morning when I was like 10 and just putting this out there I would make me sad if anything happened to the original cast like Silva and the other guys. I've watched them since I was young
It bothers me when a contractor mispronounces the name of the product they are installing. Hopefully he day lighted that PERFORATED pipe outside of the wall.
The retaining wall came out so classy looking, very nice.
Who is this guy?
$4,000???? Screw that, I'll get Mexico to pay for mine
Did they really just sit those plants back on top after cutting them off at ground level? And do you guys not use concrete and cement for jobs like these? Here in the UK, we'd pour a concrete foundation, and then the blocks would be cemented together on top. This makes the walls indestructible.   I can imagine this wall you rebuilt tilting forward slowly as the old wall did.
Sir, what is the name of the song at 2:48?
Base under wall should be 3/4" minus compacted gravel, not 3/4" clean gravel as it does not compact as well and you wont have a solid base to lay your first row of blocks.  3/4" clean gravel is fine behind wall for drainage but seems like they cut a corner by not using minus on the base.
Hot breath kicked her in the face 5:47
Why is everybody having so nice dry and sandy earth? I have to battle with hard loamy earth all the times.
Sawr it
He sounds like Stan Lee.
Who provides the soundtrack to all the montages?
^^ these stones are overkill but are pretty good.. but the old once would suffice if the wall was built properly.
I had understood you should NOT place landscape fabric behind the wall as eventually, that fabric will clog with soil and actually prevent proper water drainage through the gravel. Any input on that?
Should of shown how the drainage would flow and to where.
@4:52  Preforations?
I asked an old house how to repair a fence but it didn‘t say something!
Ehm.._ Did he just .._ Did he just spit in her face at 5:47?! :p
At the 5.46 mark that chick pulled away like she got slapped. Hilarious
Those stones are from TechoBloc - MiniCreta 6" - Champlain Grey.  With Escala Coping   They did a decent job installing. If anything I would recommend excavating more dirt from behind the wall to allow for more gravel. Approximately 1'-2' would help the wall drain better and last longer.   The most important steps with retaining walls are making sure the base and back of the wall have sufficient gravel and cloth to reduce sediment from clogging the gravel.
That drainage zone should be at a minimum 12 inches behind the wall I only saw maybe 4-6. The two most important aspects of a retaining wall is the base and the drainage. They are the difference between a good construction and one that fails in 2-3 years
... You're not Roger.....
Who manufactures the blocks used in this episode?
4:45 her eyes LOL
The rock is a foot for the wall. Gravel or crushed rock tamped down is like concrete. It gets more stable the more in compacts down. That’s why they call it a base rock material at the home improvement store.
There you go Donald!
And thank you, this is a great video!  Are there any rules/guidelines that a homeowner should follow to help choose the best material for a retaining wall?  Brick, boulders, wood, etc.
Look at all that nice soft dirt...
Excellent job beautiful
Y'all need music credits.
I wish the audio was better. This was pretty hard to listen to. Sounds like a bad cell phone.
after digging out for the first gravel, why wouldn't you put fabric first, then add the gravel for the base? Why would you add gravel then the fabric?
Not too much of a how to video in my opinion. I wish he would have explained where the drain pipe goes to, if anywhere? Also, how did he cut those blocks?
Why dont they use mortar.
They are wearing the same clothes from the start to the end of the video.  I think It's  impossible for only three people do this job in just one day
The finished product looks fabulous.
@1.02 ' Everything runs off down Hill' you said that right hence the Earth is Flat and not spinning!
the audio sounds strange, nazel-y
If that retaining wall is supporting the neighbours property then there is a very unusual soil friction angle...
The new wall looks great!
I come to the ATOH comment section for all the armchair contractor “you should of done it like this” comments
Man, the finished product looks fabulous.
$4000?!?!
Where's the water draining to?
Was hoping to see Roger on this one.
Would you ever come to WI?
I just love your channel and content!  keep it going guys!  :0)
Not as good as Roger. He didn't explain much either. Not a big fan of this new guy.
Aaaalright great scott  hahahahaha
Nice catchy music especially at 2:48
Beautiful job, however that’s about a $4500 or more
What happened to Roger he's supposed to explain it to us
Those aren't bricks. Those are split face modular concrete retaining wall blocks. Typical maximum installation for those is 24". The major fault was improper installation.  Also, where did you terminate the drainage?
Awesome video. Well explained and looks like a quality job.
Great video
I love landscaping work.. I can’t wait until my house is done and I can concentrate on landscaping type work.. check my channel out if your interested in seeing an 1806 Stone House being completely renovated.
First
Nice vid
