It seems soo easy whaaat
Salaberga ya dejen la politica y dediquense a la musica 😂
What treats are you using
I have a Casio parrot which is 2 YEARS OLD, and goes crazy
Hah! Getting my Conure back into his cage is like a battle. It would be great if you could give tips on how to get a young, not really trained bird back into his cage.
How many days to practice for new parrot
The bird is a paid actor
My parent not going in I sed she bite me when I make her sit on the hand
The stick is essential for training because the parrot knows it needs to touch the stick to get the treat.
what are those parrots called? can I teach them to talk? how do I train them not to bite
I have the same parrots as those.. they bite a lot how do I train them not to
Here’s the thing my parrot is scared of me and escaped when I was putting a toy in his cave and I don’t want to scare him
Lol fail
What is that hell going on .stop befooling us this is tamed bird .show us wild bird taming if u have guts otherwise stop this nonsense .
Which parrot do you have
My bird will not come for food, runs away when you approach the cage refuses to tame
Such a sweat
Ok
My parrot automatically flies to the cage when he sees it I don't know why he is doing it please
My Parrot would have taken 4 fingers off by the time I pull my hand out of the cage. I really don't understand why it's such a disloyal pet and has not been mistreaten at all.
if i give sunflower seeds to my parrot as a reward treat, hell spit in my face...
What is this cage
I am a parrot owner and love all birds! This is horrible to see such a small cage with absolutely no toys or anything to do whatsoever! Please learn about parrots before getting them!
This isn't helpful in the least. How about showing how to do with a hostile and untrained parrot.
I see your parrot is perfectly trained.🐦🐦🐦
What BS is this, the parrot alrdy is trained and just does it from the first try
Mera parrot bhag jai ga
How do you go about the first few days of having a parrot? Getting her to like me, etc
What treat food ur giving pls kindly reply
Please say after how many days we will give permission to parrot to come out and then if the are run away from house then
I have Parots No idea What Should I do
That cage is tiny. The pet stores have a bigger cage for budgies. Also, those perches looked to smooth.
Just put your hand in there
my Australian parrots run away from me and do not come out of the cage because they are so scared
WHAT DOES A CLICKER DO?
Nice class
What is the name of this cage
i am aditya  maa ki chout
Point that stick at my Umbrella and you will never get it back!
I got an Alexandrine parrot a few days ago.When I try to take him out the cage using your way he doesn’t come out of the cage.Is there another way to get him out of the cage?
I say cmon and he comes
Hello, my macaw don’t want’t to go back in his night cage. Wat do I have to do, to geth this right.  We like al your video’s And learn a lot of iT. Thanks by the way. Greats from Holland.
1:42 rip parrot mouth
where do u buy one of those clicker things?
And I thought this was the easy part
Do you cut the feathers of the bird ?
this is just his travel cage
my parakeets come out of the cage by themselves, i know the target trick, they just won't step on to my hand- been trying since two years
My budgie is very strange and she does step up in side the cage but not when she's out side the cage and it's such a pain getting her back in the cage plz help :/
you are right Allah
sorry know i know the parrot is traned
wow i like it  my parrot is wild how can i tame him tell me
Why you make this tutorial ?????? If I place that stick in the cage of my bird it will die or be crazy!!! Your parrot is trained!!!!
Would like to see the actual training of a bird not with a trained bird- cause it isnt as easy as shown 😏
0:44 he almost saod carrot instead of parrot XD
My parrot is scared of me
how do you take a untamed bird out of outdoor aviary
how do you teach it to even know to follow the stick??
hi everyone ,if anyone else is searching for how to teach a parrot tricks try Pycanta Parrot Tips Protocol (do a google search ) ? Ive heard some amazing things about it and my colleague got great results with it.
I took the top off of his cage so he can feel more comfortable
I have a pet owl, does this trick works for owls ?
and what treat o you feed him?
can you please list the clicker  of where you got it
good
my parrot is scared of me...... He never comes near me....... when I give him food he doesn't eat it from my hand ....... what treats should I give him or what will my ring necked parrot eat...... now he only like apples. should I give him millets or sunflower seed or pumpkin seed... what will he love the most
I'm at my dads account and I'm a lady yo
my budgie has a bigger cage than this
1:42 face plant for parrot
hi
Hai ..its too Gud..nice parrot and cage
omg you monster. my parrot just escaped and flew away when I tried to get it out the cage O_o
what is in girls han pencil? or other :D
This parrot is already trained
i read sunflower seeds are not a healthy treat? is this true?
I tried to do this but my perrot is sceard and she isn't getting out
What parrot is this ? Please answer me.
The parrot is obviously trained already-.- Useless video.
some bullshit
Once they learn stuff do you still use a target stick or do they not need it then
My bird is untamed what should I do?
How do i make the stick the parrots target?
What should I avoid doing with him? (places I should avoid touching ect.) He tries to feed me and then it leads to trying to mate with me. He has been nippy and we think it may be hormones. I also think he might be jealous of my boyfriend (who would also like to hold him)
I have a Jardine too!!! He flies and lands on my head and then bites me when I try to get him off. Should I clip his wings?
worked like magic
i have a ringneck that i just got on saturday i was putting a toy into his cage and he got out but now he wont go bk in ive been trying everything to get him bk in but he keep flying away from me when i get by him what do i do please can someone help me the lady i got him from said he was semi tame but he scared everytime i go to his cage what do i do please help me asap
1:40 lol derpdy derp
what parrot is this can you answer as a reply thx
I think I'm going to lure him back
He is hand trained but he wont step up on my finger
Now i dont know how to put my bird in the cage
I hold a millet and put it near my bird then i put the millet on top of the cage then my birds comes out
But my bird still dont come and bite also
How did I even get here?
1:38 - did anyone else see the parrot faceplant into the cage?
no parakeets?  :(
FIRST COMMENT
