Wow that feels a lifetime ago. AG has grown so much with her craft and as a Team. Love that for you
#9...Amazing makeover!! Love the ladder towell rack!!💕🤗💕
These are beautiful but lots of rental places won’t allow you to do all this without then switching everything back when you move. When you start using contact paper that’s a pretty permanent solution because it would damage the surface underneath if you removed it later right?  What about makeovers for short term rentals?
Yes, towel rods look ugly but they’re functional. When you put your wet towels on hooks, they don’t dry well and they end up smelling bad. But the makeover looks gorgeous. 🙌🏽
Wet towels touching directly wall and doors is not good.  I am not impress by this makeover.
now you cant flush the toilet or close the door
If the excuses for this not to be pretty are limited space and restricted rules, I wonder 💭 why tried? 😂
You forgot the plant 🪴 ! 😁
Can you please tell me where I can find those vinyl hardwood floor panels?  Thanks.
I liked this one! A lot!
Looks good but I'm a bit skeptical about the use of untreated wood as towel racks and hooks if it is intended for wet towels. May stain the towels and the wood won't last that long.
I can't watch any more ...your big bouncy earrings are too distracting while ur talking. Not your best look for business.  Notice how weather women dont wear big earrings while on air. Just sayin.
What did you put in there that cost $400???   Looks more like $40! The towel holder on back of door is awful.  Will bang against the door when opened and closed and it's not "storage" like she asked for.   Why the hand towel holder practically on the floor?
Binging her video's is getting annoying because she uses the same music in every video :(
I change the floors
How is this rental friendly??? She took off the entire vanity mirror???
There is a lot of these cool tools that doesn't exist in my country, and they are great and super practical...I'm angry every time I see how easy things would be if we´d had those.
My bathroom gets dirty
Love everything! But! Not feeling the weird "towel ladder". I  dont find it practical for storing towels.
I like your ideas, the bathroom is beautiful for ... a college girl, no for a couple.Anyway the floor idea is genious.I hate the floor of my rental apartment. You helped me a lot.
I tried to find idea on how to change my bathroom floor without ripping it off and your video showed me a way. THANKS SO MUCH!!!!!!
Love from Italy!
loved the floor change and so many other little changes, but the sink counter really needed a change. And a plant on top of the cistern would have looked nice. Maybe an accent wall behind the painting. I think the place to stow towels should have been a proper storage place where she can stack towels.
Awesome makeover, LOVE your ideas!  I JUST shared my BATHROOM MAKEOVER on a tight BUDGET! Nothing better than getting the look for less!
I like it. Good job.
If you guys don’t like something she does how bout don’t watch the video or just don’t do it. Lol you don’t need to comment something negative.
I'm in a rental i asked my property manger can i change things-he said yes if i change it back when i leave or want to leave my new light fixtures i can- cant wait i will be doing my bedroom and bathroom-im not sure i will film it-never done that before and dont really want to be on camera-but it will look gorgeous and Glam!!!
I honestly cant see where she spent $400 in that bathroom Wow-looks so boring!!!
Sorry, a bit underwhelmed again.  I like the mirror and the flooring.  Does the thickness of bath mat impede the door swing?  The back of door towel storage is really not a good solution.  She needed stacks of towels. Plus, wet towels do not dry well on hooks.
so many moaners watch you videos ! lol    Keep up the excellent content.
I love your videos!  I learn something every time I watch one.  This video taught me how to lay laminate flooring...I always wondered how you do the last piece.  You have great tips and I love your energy!
I just have to say, many of you are rude with your comments. You take that money and on a budget make it look as cute. Did your parents teach you that if you don’t have something nice to say, don’t say it???!!!
It all looks wonderful. Great changes!! Awesome job.
The towels would dry better on the original so you would get damp in the bathroom
That's a lot of money to then have to store and reinstall everything when you move house.  Of course that wasn't the point of this video though
I love the wood flooring and the fact that there is vynl (I have horrid bright worn out torqiouse in my kitchen and bathroom), but I actually loved the tiled marble. I am going to use this wood flooring idea though. Always a fan of wood flooring.
If I gave someone $400 to transform my bathroom and I’m greeted with this? I’d be fuming.
Love it, but I need some cute live greenery in this space, I love live plants
I have a question. Can you have that floor in the shower aswell ? LOVE the makeover!
I agree. More cats please.
I day a bigger more dramatic piece of art would have been better. Its kinda plain jame. I get it for the small space but zest it up a little.  Some dramatic bold color on the wall would have been good without taking up space. Also for what she did i could get all those items if not something similiar at the goodwill.  In fact i saw box flooring there last time. Lol.  Didnt seem like 400 bucks worth.
Everyone is saying their floor shouldn’t have been touched but fail to realize the floor didn’t not go well with the counter top.
Love thecfloor
I have that same rug! I love it!
I live in a pre WW2 apartment and everything is BOLTED down in my bathroom and painted over 500 times. I'd love to swap out my vanity but there are no screws. I can't cover it with a mirror because there is tiny shelf coming out at the bottom. It's such an eye sore. What do I do????
Most of your list not working
At 6:24..the toilet seat could have been changed out to one that actually fits the toilet..Other wise..Nice Job!!
Lol I literally saw those towel racks like that on Amazon and my thoughts was that would be so easy to DYI and I could make them more personal.
Towel bars aren't much to look at, but they are necessary for wet towels. I'd have sprayed these gold to match the gold handles on the cabinet. I'd also have sprayed the faucet gold. Gold works well with the counter top.
I noticed through a lot of your videos it's all the exact same style, your style and not theirs? I think it looks great, but maybe incorporate what they want as well
I think it’s hilarious that I use the same Candle Holder as a toothbrush holder hahahah someone else had the same silly idea as me ! Crazy
Learning about removable “hardwood” flooring has just blown my mind! Love the great ideas. Thanks for sharing!
I have watched several of your videos and like them so far   I read through a bunch of comments and didn't see anything about this... I am hoping the paint was just still wet and that it dried darker? Because I saw a square of lighter paint there...  Also, I like the idea of the ladder on the back of the door, but it doesn't seem to offer enough in the way of storage. Personally I think some cute open shelving, hanging baskets, or something like that over the toilet would have been a better solution.
Hi!! I am not able to open the link for the wood flooring, would you mind double check the link  please? I really need itttttt :O
The before was a way better...  $400  for what... give me $100 and it would be better.
Dang, y'all are brutal 😂 Now I feel bad for saying what I'm about 2 say but.......I'm not paying 400 towards anything I'm just renting. 400 for the whole apartment but not a bathroom nobody is gonna see..
Thank you for likeing my video and subscribing:D
I liked the new look, sings!
$384!!  Lady, you were robbed.
I could do all that for under 100$ lol
I loved the look of this bathroom the marble dark tiles made the room look smaller. Great job
Really love the flooring! Can you show us in more videos how you do the flooring?
My heart break every time I see people put succulents in the bathroom😭 They need sunlight!!
Ohhnoo you placed two of the same planks next to each other on the flooring beginner mistake 101
How to store towels on the diy towel rack..Also no offense, I fee like u makeover other people's place to your own style and not theirs. This makeover is not practical
Can the door even shut over the heightened floor and rug?
The floor will get damp over time and water will slip inside. I don’t think it’s practical to use such flooring in a bathroom!
She just ruined a perfectly good bathroom. 🤢😐
Where is Marty? Asking for a feline fan friend.
Cute but, could be done for less than $400 in my opinion.
No, I just need my own studio, I don't need anybody to decorate, I already know how. But thanks I decorated my bathroom pretty blue. It's awesome when you DECORATE Hu. Bless you
I loooooove  the cabinet swap, but I think you should have kept the floor as is, and added in accents that complemented it.
The original floor would have looked good with the additions... the gold and grey accents.
The cost is high. Where to store all old things from apartment if is tiny?
With 400 you could've bought a new sink and faucet keep the floors and find cheap shower curtain to accent them
I want to like this but ... eh. It’s $400, not really that dramatic of a change.
Good effort but i don't like it. I prefer clean lines and a but of elegance/glam in my spaces.
Not very practical, the flooring is questionable and the rest of the arty farty stuff is just superficial ...it needed more practical applications like a real place to store towels ...no one leaves wet towels hanging on the backs of doors they need to be dried and flooring would have been better with a nice cushion type of vinyl Lino a nice lighter colour to brighten and make the room look bigger. but whatever!
How much UNDER $400?
Hi Alexandra! I'm thinking of installing the same type of vinyl plan flooring in a rental bathroom of mine that's equally as tiny! I'm wondering how much of the plank flooring you had to order? I'm planning on measuring of course, but don't have access to the apartment yet to measure and am hoping to as much budgeting ahead of time as possible. Thanks in advance!
I love all the fake surprised reactions from people that hate what she's done. lol Best part of this shit show.
Could of been way better for less
Hi Alexandra, I really struggle to organize my kids room.. with all the clothes .. toys..hair accessories... so much stuff :( Can you help with that ?
You are creative.  Yet in this case we have to take note of the clients taste. You like wood and the clients seem to like shiny metals as in the lamp they bought. I don't think they would like the bamboo material or the rope wood hanger behind the door.  I PERSONALLY LOVED THE TILES AND BRASSY HANGER ON SINK DOOR .
I think it's great! It's not something that I'd personally like, but if I went to someone's apartment and their bathroom looked like this, I'd be hella impressed.
Great job..great ideas.loved the video .
It bothers me knowing that bathroom rug is going to get caught in the door. Those tassels are asking for it.
Hi Alexandra , you’re so amazing and genius 👍👍👍😍
Ok...where did the money go? I really didnt see a big change. I'm a renter and my bathroom looks way more glam than that. At least u tried. Loved the removable flooring tho!
Contact paper on a countertop?  No that’s just trashy.
Sure those hooks look nice... but wouldn't it be better to hang wet towels spread wide onto bars instead? I never hang my wet towels like that, dry ones yeah, but not used ones.  That towel ladder is impractical, it'll move too much when opening and closing the door. The idea is fun, but it just doesn't work that well. Not sure if it's worth it to buy a fancy toilet brush, since you're going to change it after a while anyway... right? And those brushes usually come with a holder ready, so even if you keep the fancy holder you'll end up throwing away unnecessary plastic. And why, oh why, generic text art? Am I missing something? I don't find them pretty at all.
Hi Alexandra! I love your tassel and pon pon earrings, where do you get it from?
I just worry about where to store everything once I've swapped it out -- like the mirror or towel racks!? I feel like I need a whole closet dedicated to just holding things that the apartment originally came with.
I'm not a huge fan of towel bars in a small bathroom either. It takes up space. It is unnecessary.
im sorry but the tile was fucking beautiful. the wood not so much
Another win!
The  name for your channel is [obviously] 'ALEXANDRA THE GREATER!  or 'MOVING ON TO GaterThings'
I feel like you should have left the gold cart and rolled their towels up on the bottom of it. The top could have been jazzed up with a plant and a candle and apothecary jars. That rope ladder for the towels will eventually pull that hook off the door damaging the paint.
🐱 rulz! Dogs drool. Ha! Ha! Ha! Just kidding!😂
What is the obsession with pom poms?  Once in a while, maybe but in EVERY redo!  I generally like the makeovers but I'm getting distracted by the inevitable pom poms.  Perhaps it's time to move on to other patterns and textures.
Loved the black floor much better!
Evicted! For me if I even changed a light fixture!
I don't like the rug
How the hell did that cost $400?
Thanks for this video i needed new floors for my rental
Great job!
nothing WRONG with the vanity top .at least it is impervious to chemicals unlike the contact paper
I think you need to find another line of work or go to design school!
I’m glad you didn’t cover the vanity-it is completely modern and looks nicer than contact paper. Of course, the paper did look nice in the tiny kitchen video!  The vinyl flooring was genius! I have to say that because that is what we did in our camper! I have to tell my husband about that tool that was used for the corners. We’re still trying to finish that blasted floor and that tool would make finishing the floor muuuuch easier!
Great decorating ideas and looks so wonderful. Just a thought: when flushing the toilet, it can spray 20ft. I have my tooth brushes in the medicine cabinet to protect them from spray. You could close the lid before flushing too. Thanks
how were you allowed to replace a vanity in a rental?
I have watched a few of your videos and I can say that for me, you don't make the cut. In this bathroom, the dark floor and white furnitures looked amazing. The gold and pompoms give the place a really tacky style. And enough with the shades of beige! Enough! You seem to value fitness over practicality and this is just a one-way ticket to NoBueno City.
Usually adore your makeovers but I have to agree, this one seems somehow LESS practical in both functionality and style.
I never really dislike videos, but there's a lot of things I didn't like. The hooks replacing the actually practical towel racks that allow towels to dry properly and not touch the wall. The towel things over the doors - not only do the towels touch the doors but they could get annoying when opening the door faster and whatever hangs hitting said door. Also not sure how easy it is to slide the towel over the bars without touching or lifting the thing like you'd normally do. Then - the idea of wood flooring... I know it's fake but it makes me think of how wood gets swollen from water. There's marks from the round cabinet doors that you replaced, it looks kinda bad. The rug looks like it soaks a lot of water and would need to be dried outside ever so often. The light doesn't look safe for humidity. And the worst thing of it all - the walls you painted, when the woman talks at the end, you can still see at 6:44 they're still patchy and have a lighter area. Needs to be redone. Overall, feels impractical and doesn't look that pretty either.
if they all look the same it's not styling
Just my two cents about hardware upgrades— I have had a great experience simply painting existing hardware with gold matte nail polish cut with a little bit of acetone. A single bottle will do 10+ round pulls. I have also hung gift wrap or lightweight fabric as wallpaper with watered down Elmer’s glue. It comes off easily with warm water and a sponge when time to move out.
I've never been in a rental where you're allowed to change light fixtures or do half the things I keep seeing in these "rental" videos.
closet makeover??
I wish rentals in my country looked at least half as decent as this one. I challenge you to go to Ukraine and revamp one of those Soviet-style appartments on a budget:))
It would be awesome if you could make some videos on how to do nice makeovers in rental properties, where you're not allowed to make holes in the wall, paint the walls or change out any of the fixtures.
It’s pretty always the same style and sometimes she puts too many things in the rooms...
I've never heard of a contour gauge before this video but now it's on the list of things I have to buy.
You have some nice ideas and I can tell you love what you do which is great! I have watched some of your videos and if I am honest even though you have cute ideas, I don't know how practical they are for everyday living. For example you put the bath mat right in front of the door which doesn't look very practical since you wouldn't be able to open and close the door easily. Also the basket right on top of the toilet would start to get on my nerves personally. Maybe a shelf above the toilet would be more practical. I can tell you are creative but maybe you could also focus on the practicality of things and not just create rooms that look good for instagram.
Wish I hadn't watched this video... WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO CAT???  LOL
You're a genius... Subscribed!
Where did you store the original vanity? It has to go back in once they move, right?
How many cases of vinyl flooring did you need for this? Looking into doing this in my bathroom and it's a similar size.
Girl you’re doing all this their rental property! Lol gone head it looks nice
please transform my place on a budget! 🤔
This is my first visit to your channel and I really like it. I live in an apartment that does not allow permanent changes PLUS I'm on a budget. So your ideas are very helpful. I just saw the kitchen and bathroom video. Looking forward to what else you have in store 😊
Your creativity and attitude are great. Enjoy and subscribed. Lots of luck in the future 😎
Not trying to sound mean but I would not spend 400 big ones on a rental bathroom, let alone hire a designer. To each their own, though.
Where do I get the bamboo hangers? I don't see a link?
The floor was alright before according to me
These are rentals you can’t just randomly change them. You’re giving people the wrong info.
Can you come to Grand Rapids sometimes l pay you My barroom rental needs a new floor or l send you a picture and you tell me what l can do
400 dollars ??? seriously ...for a tiny bathroom. That's my budget for 2 months grocery
if your from Canada how are you getting things from target, we haven't had that store in Canada for over 5 years... maybe some of the $400 went to a plane ticket to the states
Omg ! The black floor was perfect ! Wtf!
I think this looks really cute! I think you did a good job 👍🏽💕
Okay I am not a germa phobe I promise but!....tooth brushes in the open will get contaminated by every flush of the toilet, lid down or not. And a hand towel right beside the toilet where guys pee...pee sprays, ew!
Unless contact paper has really changed over the years how you put on kitchen counters and bathroom counters seems impractical. It scratches and wears and the pattern comes off if you scrub it or if its wet for a while and moisture gets under it. I cant imagine it stays looking decent after a couple weeks of use.
Tip for you if you read your comments. Putting in Faux wood floor dont like up the patterns identically (like you do laying down the next plank at 2:11) it reveals that it is fake wood and doesnt look right. When putting in fake or real wood you stagger the ends so the end lines dont line up by laying down a full length 'board' then a shorter one etc. staggering them. This also prevents the wood pattern repeating in an awkward way. Also, just look because the planks arent all the same. Generally there are like 4 different patterns, so you can alternate them and disguise the fact that they are prints, not real wood....you also do it with the next two planks, putting down two identical pattern ones next to one another, even though they are slightly offset. You did a great job, just for next time know this also...I also see some large cracks over by the bathtub where it looks like you did not get the ends of the planks properly locked together, or perhaps used the wrong ends? and a jagged meeting up with the side of the tub. Looks like you could use some how-to video watching or some expert help for next time until you gain more experience.
The rope towel holder!
$400 ? Seriously? I'm sorry but that seems a lot of money .
400 dollars for a bathroom is actually a lot! Lol.. I redecorated my whole room from floor to roof for 300 😵
Very cute!
Too much money for how ugly it ended up looking :( hubby and I had a completely pink bathroom. With less than 1,000 including installation We replaced both entire vanity and toilet!! Now we have a super modern  white toilet and a gorgeous white vanity with bowl sink.
The towel rail will fall off. . Dont think you can close the door with the bath mat on the floor. Sorry.
you cannot shut the door with that rug...
The floors
Bought a contour gauge while video was still running. I did not know that tool existed! Thanks!!
Is it just me but there was a concern about space resulting in the ladder DIY, but wasn't there a closet full of framed photos?
I dont like the towel ladder and dont think it's practical. I think the lady owner wanted a storage - where she can store a bunch of towels, not something to hang one towel!!
I really liked the floor.
Mostly wouldn’t be able to do that in a rental property in Australia but the ideas would be excellent for a budget bathroom makeover for selling.
So much of that video was a bit impractical.... the original towel rail may have been in the wrong place but it was better than having wet towels slapped up against the wall and unable to dry.  Also I liked the sink..it looked like stone.  And lastly the mat.... how do you close the door???  It would annoy me each time to have to move it to close the door...
You have your own channel.  Yeah.  Great work, and I've subscribed. ~Smile!
That towel rail is shite.
Super.
great job! that contour gauge was genius
that flooring actually looks more dated than the black tiles. otherwise everything else is really great. I get it though, it's only my opinion so I am sure it looks good to most people.
Loved it! The dark marble seemed so slippery and those white lines get really nasty, especially in a bathroom. Great Job!!!
Hey Alexandra! I just discovered your channel and I'm loooooooving to see your videos.
Any tips for working round a hideously coloured bathroom? My bath, sink, toilet etc are all green/grey and i have awful floral 70s tiles. I mean the whole thing just looks like its from the 70s tbf 😅
Love these ideas! You are such a talent!!
Could you pls list where you bought the shower curtain?  I saw a similar one in bed bath and beyond for $30
Decor hooks were a waste An so was the rope on back of door, the best think was the cabinet change and if u changed the knobs why didn’t u do silver or chrome to match faucet🤔🤔🤔 all u changed wasn’t even worth the 300 plus dollars spent😂😂sorry
i like the black tille. 😁
Excellent..!  Especially the floor; never would have thought to solve an ugly bathroom floor using this product.  Question:  how did you deal with the area around the toilet?  I need to know before I purchas the product.  Thx
That wood flooring looks SO much better.
The floor looks SO much better covered!
The floor looks SO much better covered!
Towel rack not!!!  It needs a bit of color
I know what you are saying about bathroom towel bars, but to me, it looks like you now have wet towels hanging directly on the wall.  Bunched up towels aren't going to dry and the wet towels will actually grow mold on the wall.
Most comments prefered original black floor tiles and think its just not worth $400. I agree on both.
i want to change my bathroom mirror cabinet its a 3 mirror cabinet.. can u show in deatil how u did this 1?
Would you help me for my living room im on a budget and I love your style
Don't listen to all the floor hater, I LOVED it and want to do it myself now!
You covered those beautiful tiles... they were dark marble.
It doesnt make such difference. The floor would just sip excess water getting it underneath the tiles that could be the home for fungi and other microbes, and wood should not be used. You could have atleast paint the bathroom with some colors to make such statements or mirror above the vanity. The cost 400 dollars doesnt suit  the design. It just looks like 100 dollars honestly. But do t get me wrong. Try to mix and match. Add some plants.  You could have atleast make some floating shelves above the toilet for storage with wooden baskets. You can also paint the vanity with some black espresso color to make it even more elegant. And PLS DONOT ATTEMPT TO USE CONTACT STICKER OR PAPER. WATER WILL ALWAYS COME IN CONTACT WITH IT. Im sorry but the basket over the flush is quite annoying. Well some piece of advice. If you could watch Mr. Kate for sure you ll have great ideas from her. Thanks
I was expecting more from this for $400.
you are soooo creative! thanks for this.
Why would you put wooden floor in the bathroom??????!!!!????
Can you link the products you used? I love the wall hooks, the toilet brush holder and the over the cabinet towel holder and would like to know where to get those.
Loved this makeover!
it was better before.The after looks like a highschool girls bathroom.
Ah ha! I ended up here from another recent video of yours, and I thought I recognized that canadianness (I'm from Montreal, hehe)!! xD Great videos!
I love this!!! How are you not a bigger channel
I would have left the black floor alone & let it work with the gold hardware.  Did not like the rope ladder.  Gold handles, new cabinet and lamp are enough money spent.  $20 for Target rug.  What raised the cost to $400?  The flooring?
Im sorry i didn’t like the bathroom i looks a little  “basic”
The black tiles looked very tacky, the new vinyl flooring gives a modern look
You are a genius! How can I get you to help with my Laguna beach rental bathroom!?
This video was JAM PACKED with so many good tips. Love how it turned out!
Great job!
That is amazing! I love the flooring idea.
Helllo @Alexandra, I have been watching your videos and found them impressive at the same time budget friendly. I need some advise regarding a change over in my home. Is there a way I can reach out to you for further advise. Thank you!
Contour gauge.   My life has been change.
Wow, that looks so cute
Contour Gauge!! Thank you🙏🏽🙏🏽
Here's what I done understand,  when you remove all of this things and replace them,  where do you store them for the 1 plus years you live there?  I feel this is such a big transformation for a rental
Great tips, it looks so good!
Moreeeeeeee videos!!!!
Alex is a super genius
Hey Alexandra! I really like your channel! Maybe you could make a video about how to store shoes/coats/bags/scarfs etc in a house without a hallway and without occupying a lot of space. Good luck with your channel!!
It makes me nuts that you put two of the same board next to each other
I think this bathroom is nice and light and looks more like a home then a rental... also I’m sure she asked the couple what they were looking for to create a nice space
I just want to say there’s a difference between having an 💕opinion and having a nasty attitude with it...😤 people leaving comments please understand how your “tone” can come off in a comment 🌸🙏🏻
How is a towel bar not practical?
Girl you are good!!!! Loved the ladder and I didn’t know there was a gauge like that!!! The vanity looks good too!!! Great job and great 💡’s!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️❤️👍🏼
I see you candle, sexy bath mat and knobs ;) Also that caddy and those towel hooks are adorable!  Also also we have the same toilet brush....I knew we were soul mates
Nice
The floor! ❤️ And that contour tool!!! I used to be an apartment manager and even though these are temporary fixes, I would have CRINGED IF i saw what this tenant did (it’s beautiful YES but apartment fixins must stay consistent across the board for easier flips) Don’t risk removing something like towel bars and medicine cabinets for being on the bad side of an owner! 😂 And tip: never ever ask management to store the old stuff til you move out. That’s the wooorst. Otherwise, WOW! ITS BEAUTIFUL!!!
Hi Alex, could you link to the hand towel rod that you put over the cabinet door?
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS I LIKE IT...................=)
Where did you find the towel rack for the cabinets, can’t find them. Please help.
@AlexandraGater Can you link the over the shelf towel hanger?
I wish you had shown how you installed the floor around the toilet.
Love the video. Love you. In regards to the floor and the comments about mould - it's vinyl flooring. Also as an ex renter I did make changes in my apartment in a building that said no changes and no I did not inform the landlord. what I did do was put the apartment back to the original state. We're not talking about knocking walks down here people. Just adding some knobs that can be changed sgain, adding a cabinet, the original can be put back  and installing a floor that is preserving the original one underneath.  You really do a great job of transforming spaces  that  can easily be returned to their former ugly glory. Can't wait for the next video.
wait $400! I was expecting a very nice bathroom for $400 this is ugly
am I the only one who freaking HATE pom pom??
$384?  Must have been the flooring????
The original floor looked much better in my opinion
I really liked the changes! I really liked that you changed out the mirror, towel holders, and knobs! I know for renters, changes depend on what the landlord allows. But I think if people talk to their landlord and they are on board with the upgrades then you're actually increasing the value of the place when you leave! So it's a win win for everyone!
You are so good at this i am impressed and stealing all the ideas
new subbie! Been binge watching your videos. :)
Um, 400 dollars for that?
Okay....soooo, I'm not even halfway through the video and when you pulled out that "contour gauge" I was like...Whatttt? lol...I just did my mom's bathroom and put down tile...I wish I knew about this then...but now I know : ) ....game changer Alex!
I love the idea of how you hung the towels on the wall instead of using the bathroom rod!!!
I love simple, easy to do makeovers like this!
I can’t my lease says no changes whatsoever can be made to the apartment I wished I had storage for under the sink but I don’t just the a sink nothing underneath it cause the toilet I is in front of the sink you can literally wash your hands from the toilet.
Make a video with a rental studio apartment makeover ✨❤️
I think the gold over the toilet rack thing would have been nice! :)
I actually really liked the tiles. Great job though.
Toilet brushes should just be kept out of sight because there is nothing pretty about them.
Loved so many of the ideas but no way should what you did cost 400$.  What did you end up spending?
The floor! The gauge! 😲 Genuis!
Seriously? All that money on hardly a changed bathroom? looks worse than what it started out as.
I'm sorry but the bathroom looks like a teenager's bathroom not a bathroom married couple bathroom it looks like a hodgepodge mess and I normally do not give rude comments and you normally do an excellent job but this job was terrible
This is seriously your best make-over video yet! What a huge impact on a tiny space!
🤔
I think it would have looked better if she got the lamp and cabinet accents in silver since the sink faucet is silver.
I really like the look, but the wood will mold, scratc the dore, at ruin the door with damp towls. Im speaking from experince. But it looks sooo Good! I love the flor!
floors are genius!!
Alexandra, aka "pompom"   ;))
Am I the only one who kinda liked the original floor? It was giving me like dark/black marble vibes. Or maybe it was just a style thing, the floor definitely wouldn't have tied in with the rest of the bathroom :)
that lamp is definitely not safe for use in bathroom.. there is gonna be humidity, considering there is no windows...
Great job!!
Floor looks awful. The thing for the towels back of the door is not practical at all. 400$ wasted.
I’m totally impressed with the flooring!!!! Can wait to try it
Hai Alexandra you are one of my fav youtubers😍 can you guide me with DIY essential tools? Or make a video just for DIY essentials.  I m looking forward to see that. Thankyou.
Great work Alexandra, the change in the floor was a great idea. I really like the floor mat.
The floor...& the contour gage, oh my❕You can cut it with a knife..love it❤
Another great budget transformation! That contour gauge blew my mind!
they'll need to change their toothbrushes  too lol
Where did you get that basket from? The one on the back of the toilet with yellowish pompoms?!?!
The bathroom looks great! All of your videos make me realize I don't have enough pompoms in my life. Also, that picture ledge wall outside the bathroom looks amazing. I might have to steal that idea...
Wait. That contour gauge blew my mind!!!
Love the IKEA cabinet swapout but won't the damp towels damage the walls?   Love it otherwise!
Keep in mind if you’re renting and make these changes, you have to now store things like towel rods, a medicine cabinet/mirror, and a ceiling light somewhere they won’t break for the entire time you live there to change back once you move. Also some leases don’t let you make changes to fixtures or items on walls like a medicine cabinet. I rent out a house and it’s written in my renters lease that they cannot make changes to permanent fixtures like this.
cute! great job :)
