Amazing great work
The background music is annoying and too loud!
A lot of the process where it is repetitive could've been sped up.
Hi do I have to have a pdf done to get a mask made for a monument or can I just pay you guys and give an idea of what I want?
What kind of paper it is?
How long does that type of photo last?
Dig the background music 😎
✨️🙂✨️
Very dangerous to use torch ,it could easily pit the polished surface.
Hi, what kind of paint are you using?
seriously. can people not just watch the fucking video? don’t like the music? mute. don’t like more than that? don’t watch it. come on
Where do you get your transfers from?
Nothing wrong with the music except that its there.
Using a blow torch over a carpet covered table with a paper tissue 2 inches away, and a compressed aerosol can is just crazy.
Out of style music
Also, the dust and paint particulates will kill you.
Will this work for caucasians?
that's cool, i hope my body will be never found
I second that with the music.  Leave it off
So much more pleasant when there's no talking. Except for the annoying and unnecessary music. Really wrankles me when youtubers keep saying "I" and keep saying "kinda" and keep saying "Now," like "Now I'm going to..." You are not talking to an answering machine that will stop recording if you be quiet. When it comes to narration, so often, less is more.  It was interesting enough that I watched the whole thing. Even though my annoyance meter was pegged in the red.
I noticed this video is 8 years old, so she'll never read my comment. But I just have to say...the music choice really SUCKS! If someone tried helping out by suggesting it for a background filler, I hope she got them out of her life!! IT STINKS beyond belief.
Gonna kinda leave a comment and gonna kinda like the video
Great job! The music highlighted your artistry.
The music is super annoying
STOP putting background music on videos with NARRATION! .it ONLY makes it HARDER to hear you ..AND it's fucking annoying 🤬
interesting but where do you get the mask.....i hope you didn't use too much of your "alunimum" oxide😁
Impressive.  I like it!  I want to try it.    I have a huge shop compressor we used for varnishing kitchen cabinets... I'd have to buy all the photographic supplies, paint, and sandblasting equipment though...  and...  granite.
I guess engrave is a relative term. I would not call this "carved in stone". The reason for doing a stone is to make it last for a few hundred years right? I think this will weather of rather quick as the depth this went I would not call "engraved". Maybe lightly scratched.
I bet there are cnc machines that can do this entire thing automatically.  Great skill though. Are you a stoneworker by trade?
cleans then puts oily fingers on clean surface !!!
Great video, however when ever you introduce an open flame to any object which is or has been exposed to any chemical (alcohol) it may be flammable! Please make sure you and your area is prepared correctly. Have a fire extinguisher close at hand and be aware of your surroundings.
This video was made eight years ago. I remember when it was first made and thought how neat the technology is that you are able to do this on granite.  At the time I was sandblasting Veteran memorial bricks so I was familiar with masking and blasting, then painting. Fast forward eight years. Now I use lasers to make the image. I can do up to 600 dots per inch which is fairly high resolution. Times change, and so does technology.
Horrible background music, just commentary, nothing else
What kind of film did you used? Where to buy for it?
This was one of my first jobs when I was a kid. I was telling my friend about it this morning, and then this popped up. I think you tube is listening
Great Work, please explain about the max pressure for photo sandblasting and which sand you are using? What grid is it? ,
very nice!   I'd like to have a similar carving to make a backyard sundial.
What the name of material?
Done subscribe
take 20 seconds at the end and show the photo for longer ...i saw lines going across the pic at the end there is that why u didnt take ur time showing the end result ???
Mask its Leser cut?
The background music is not necessary.
Fascinating!
Como se graba la fotos en la planilla????
how to print that photo
I've been asked to make a memorial stone for some friends who lost their son. Where did you source that stone? I think that shape with the bevel is beautiful. All I can find are rectangular and square ones. We intend to epoxy it to a concrete base.
what kind of sand are you use in granite and what number of grit?
how do i print my mask or do you guys do that as well?
Thank you. But unfortunately where I live they haven't done this process before.  Do you have a video showing the process   and outcome.
Is there a way to renew a faded photo years later. I have this problem on my sons Headstone.
What do they call to the film used  for halftone?
I will buy your product fo picture
How much your material for picture maam
What produces these half tone images
Woow!!!!!
Beautiful job
That's awesome.   I have never seen anyone do that before.
Is this a tombstone?
The background music is absolutely terrible 😫
I kindly want to know how to make that film with a photograph. Material and procedure please 😊
What name of the film to be used ?
Hello, about the sandblaster cabinet and gun is necessary a expensive ones or medium and cheap ones can do the job
Nice work, just two points: 1 "Squeegee" is a noun not a verb. One doesn't "Squeegee," one has a squeegee. I think you want to say, "Press" or "press down." 2, You may also want to wear a glove when your sandblasting and wear a facial mask when spraying paint-or anything.....Keep up the good work.
Where do i get this film and how can i put a particular person that i need on that film and engrave it? Plz reply
can you share details about the photo which was generated in halftone effect, kindly re-prepare the photo in photo shop and teach how it was done. really needed. thanks
How or where can I find plaque blanks like the one used here? Thanks in advance
please help me to know where i buy the film iam filipino
Absolutely permanent vitrified photographs have been applied to tombstones since the 1850s .. and like now, the quality depends on the reference photo. But this halftone white painted image aesthetic is absolutely horrible.
You are very beautiful woman
blue flame of torch means H2O
Fascinating that a newsprint-type of halftone image is used for this process. Thank you for demonstrating.
WOW...I'm impressed...
...saw something similar today on "How It's Made"...
Waste of money!!! Headstones from over a 100 years ago still hold lettering & imagery carved, all modern marble ones as this wear out & become illegible over time & purposely so at that for family’s to blow more money to fix it!
is there a video on how the image was prepared for the mask ?Every thing that I have seen on creating a halftone photo for photomask ,the photo has to be inverted ,but that one doesn't look to be .
I think it would be cool to have the photo disappear in the rain. Ghost photo.
I kept wondering who the subjects name was. I always wondered how this was done. Thanks.
No gloves. Aluminum oxide, and silicone together make new, super gloves. No respirator. Aerated paint droplets come together to form nature's respirator.
I see the paint as being the weak link in the chain, I mean what happens when it eventually wears away....and it will
The jacket looked stripped and patchy….
Have you done yours?😂
Any supplier or store in México?
any link on how to develop or print a photo on that kind of film Ma'am, tnx
Hello, I would like to know how I can purchase this adhesive film here in Brazil, do you have a representative or can you send it?
Wooow!!!!!!!!!!!
Nicely done 👍
De cuantos milímetros es la película?
What kinda media did u use at what pressure
Such a neat video put to the weirdest grunge music
Where can I order the blank plaques you use in the tutorial videos? Thank you
Where can I buy the mask ?
What materials and machine used and how much is thecost complete package?
hi, do you have a reseller of photoresist film sr3000 in philippines? thank you so much
Hola como estas,como puedo adquirir estos productos desde Argentina.gracias y excelente video
Seni yang indah...
Cum se numește folia cea albastra
How long this photo gonna last?
Necesito aprender hacer ese trabajo. Que es lo que necesito. Usted vende todos los productos.
Good Day, how can I order this products in South Africa especially the film.  Thank you
Wow. Outstanding. Thanks for sharing your knowledge
Might be allot easier to Laser Inscribe!!!
good.....please answer me... In which paper and in which ink should it be printed?
i have epsom L1800 sublimation . can this be used to print on film
Alguien sabe quién hace estos trabajos en Guadalajara Jalisco México?
It's best technic. I like it. I wish to journey your life. Mam. Thanks. I watch again by again.
✋STOP🛑 Safety first! 🥽 😷
Air compression? Which air compressor you using
fit the razor into a small plastic painters window cleaning tool.. https://alvexstore.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Stanley-Window-Scraper-0-28-590-Decorators-Glass-Paint-Remover-Scrapers-028590-00.jpg
Wow, so how do you make that image?
Super mam
Awesome video. Congrats!! Can you please make another video showing how you printed the image? Did you use a vinyl cutter plotter?
Información
Very nice but me no idea to do like you, I'm doing free hand  ehttps://youtu.be/gvAN6I-6Sgc
What materials do you used?
Hi guys is this service available in the UK?…
How to make a mask paper
Nowadays that laser engraving charges you per letter and per square inch, this is a cheaper solution and also an opportunity to create business.
Hi, thanks for the video' can you tell what type of papper did you use please
This product in India any where
Please tell me name of this gun
Nice video!  I am just learning as a hobbyist.  Where to get you gun?
How can i buy this? Im from Philippines 🇵🇭
Hi! What is the specification of your compressor? Thanks
Hi... Can i purchase this from India? And what is the cost like printer, sandbluster in fullset?
Que tipo de impresora se necesita?
Bantu saya. Video pembuatan film nya dari awal. 🙏
Cara buat film di masker nya
Bagai mana saya mendapat kan printer foto nya.. saya minta batuan nya .
Espero me respondan, estoy interesado en adquirir este kit que tipo de impresora requiero para imprimir las imágenes
Y que software se utiliza para prepara la imagen?
Cuál mascarilla se usa para el grabado de fotos?
zero gloves?!??!!
wouldn't you put some protective coating over this, and how long would this be expected to last in open air ?
https://youtu.be/B6qAFweaOF4
Nice Job 👍  What is the music called you have in the background ?
What size do you used for the gun's nozzle? What material for the masking film?
Can I use medium size garnet sand
Hello I am from India. Can you please tell me where will i get all the materials??
Only thing more irritating would be playing Rammstein for background music
Can we use normal non adhesive photo resist film
Very interesting. I never knew how it was done. The music is a little annoying. Maybe a softer more classic music should be played.Thank you for sharing.
Great Video and Thanks for Sharing.   Stone engraving in NYC is so expensive $780 to engrave my Mom's Name D.OB-D.O.D it's insane 🤬 even opening up the plot is expensive $2,103 at Evergreens Cemetery. I told my kids to Cremate me and took them both, Engravers and Cemetery.   The same reason catering halls don't exist as much as they used to, because they go to expensive is the same way Funerals, Headstones Plots, and Engravers will be a thing of the past, more and more people are choosing engraving and when that gets to expensive, we will donate the body to science.   Everyone is a damn thief these days. Inflation is created by those that provide a service as soon as one Clown raised his prices, the rest of the clowns come out of the circus and pass the cost on to us.    Well we have had enough, as most of us can't even afford to die....
From Indonesia 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Как называется эта переводилка
Hie ma'am how did you make the photo mask, which machine did you use
Hello mam u r great i loving ur art im also artist mam please share me print paper name and white pant where to i buy i will try at my shop
What sand do you use?
Hi, i have a w/b laser printer, can i use this printer with this kind of film? thanks and regards from México.
How to enhance the picture on the granite tombstone
hola, soy arley de costa rica, cual es el nombre del papel y que tipo de impresora usa
What is the image printed on?
Plesea show me link: "the way to create the photo on halftone material"
what is that film called?
whats the max size of the film available?
How can I get more into this
Can I get something like this done on a tile?
How much for something like that
What type of printer are you using if may i ask?
where the end result
Now what if you wanted to have it like in depth you know not just like a film on it so you could clean the stone say you want it little bit deeper could that be done please comment back thank you very much this was a very learning experience
Where can I get photo masking printed out like that would like to get one done of my brother can you help me out
Hi fascinating, could i ask what is the blasting material and its grain size ? what pressure (bar) are you using also. We would be interested in trying this method.
I wanted a 3D image of the photo - How do I do it ?
Bah! Girl, WHERE’S YOUR GLOVES??
Where did the shaped granite come from?
I like it 👍🏻 . Me gusto 👍🏻
I’ve never watched a how to video with so much suspense and anticipation. 😃
Thanks for the demonstration. Well done.
qual é programa q vc usa pra recorta o adesivo?
i have sandblasting here in the phils. i want to learn more.. pls help me. many thanks
Nice 🌹
Awesome thank you
as a fun aside, half-tone is also used for screen printing.
looks like a laser etching too cool
How to make sticker plz reply
ما هذا
Where do u get the blanks at great video very cool
Buenos dias. buen trabajo como se llama ese material gracias-
silicon carbide and alum oxide is difficult to find in our country but we do have fine silica sand, is it possible to use silica sand instead?
Do you have to use a laser printer for the picture?
Hello! I'm from Myanmar. How can i contact you? I would like to know how did you do that. I'm so interesting for our job.
Hi pretty lady <3. My question is what considerations should we have while preparing artwork for sandblasting (typical) in a design software like Adobe Illustrator? Thanks
i want this
May I know the price ?
Fascinating
Hi . It's great job  Can you please tell me how you or how you get photo mask. Thanks
Can you use the Stone Tone Monument aerosol paint?
Uberhomeinfra@gmail.com   I'm wondering in harsh weather conditions how long will the photo last on a headstone? Can you repaint it years later to freshen it up? Why would a company choose this style to do a photo on a monument rather than laser etching? Looking forward to your reply
what kind of paint do use, can it be washed out by rain and heat from the sun? is it same used on glass?
Have you tried plastic razor blades for the paper material!  It might work as well without the risk of messing up the granite
Very Talented...Wonderful Job!
How long does the image last for?
Do you have any software
Very nice work!!
After 17 minutes do think maybe you could have shown the end result a little more clearly and for longer?  (And you think the obnoxious guitar music are appropriate for a memorial stone?) I liked the video and have never seen this done.
We are a printing press in Malta and would like to extend our services by printing on tombstones, etc. as we have 30 funeral directors which we print obituary cards to. Can you guide me on the type of machinery we need please?
helle. what kind of printer do you use on this photoresist film? what model?thanks
would  tell  e  what  kind  of  paper  and  ink,  printer???
Tiene videos de esos en español ?  juan-carlos-benavides@hotmail.com
Very interesting technique. You did an amazing job! I wish I could watch you work in person.
are you aware of how many times you touched the cleaned surface with your hands, not to mention the how clean was the underside of the mask paper.
Beautiful work
music is annoying
Great 👍 work
very very good job !!!
Amazing work. I doubt I’ll ever do it but nice to know.
What is the name of the background guitar instrumental song..? Anyone??
Pretty cool!
I need a photo stencil can you guy do it for me? And send it to Mexico by mail?
Where you guys located?
The one thing I would add is not to have paper towels and other flammable items like your glass cleaner next to the stone. Set it on the counter behind you. Also, make sure you have a fire extinguisher in close proximity. I realize these should be no- brained things- but when giving a tutorial SAFETY has to be at the forefront of every video. The video was well executed, and I can appreciate the fact that there isn’t a bunch of music in the background that I have to listen to. You are straight and to the point.
Where do you get your photo mask from ?
Nice work.
Awesome video. Very nice work. Well done. X
Love how comenters criticized your methods but never actually realize your work turned out perfect.
Where can I order these things?..I etch glass and would like to try this for the cups and stuff I sell
I just can't figure out the science behind this... What's the purpose of the sandblasting if the sand doesn't penetrate the film?  Why the spray paint if you're going to remove what you've painted with a blade?  Oh my goodness, this is totally over my head. None of this makes any sense to me. Hahahaha
Say if I don't want to buy the machine can I send you a photo of a love one and just charge me for that if so how much for one the same size as the one on the video and if you give me your email that way I could share my info with you 3500 is to much for 3 time's of use this isn't something I would really be interested for a living it's nice but not for me
Actually, you shouldn't use a propane torch to heat the surface of the granite - there's always a percentage of residual propane that will never burn (hydrocarbons) and that will leave a slight amount of non-visible oil on the surface. A heat gun or high wattage hair dryer is the best alternative. Or, place the granite in a oven at 150-200 degrees Fahrenheit for 10 minutes. The same idea when painting metal - an auto body shop will never use a propane torch just prior to painting. If you only have a torch then wipe the surface with a non-petroleum solvent (alcohol or acetone) just prior to applying your project or finish.
Thank you for that.... I can tell the quality of your work is superb and you care about what you are doing.
This has been a very informative tutorial... Thanks for sharing...
Cleans the stone... blowtorches it... then puts her palm on stone 😱 “yes, warm to touch”... nice deposit of oils & dirt from palm left behind ! Then immediately puts mask on... oops !
thats so cool
How did you make the mask
Incredible!
Seriously you use a sand blasting cabinet for safety then you spray paint without using a mask????  WTF
Liz awesome as always!
The University of Youtube. Now I can make my own gravestone. Thanks
How do u get the mask made.
when these fade in the sun , my step daughters stone is huge with lots of photos that started fading within a yr and now looks terrible ....... any advise would be awesome , the funeral home wasnt helpful when my wife asked what could be done
Good Morning Liz...that was a great video! I've never seen that process and was fascinated by what you do. It was a beautiful job and I want to learn more. Thanks so much for sharing that! I subscribed to your channel so I can watch more of this...!
Хреново получилось.
The streaks from horizontal/vertical passes with the blaster are *super* obvious at the end (17:02). I think that's why they barely show it done and skip right to a close up of the halftone dots.
Great job. You made this seem relatively easy. Please protect yourself by using mask ,eyewear and gloves.  It's a hassle but worth it. Cheers!
Great vid, but now I'd like to see how that mask was printed.
RIP random dead dude. I finished it to see your excellent skill, but it’s you that attracted me to see this footage.
Where can I see how you did the mask at?  A fully step by step process shown.
Is it possible to use a pressure pot to sandblast bark off of the wood of a natural edge board or burl.
You shouldn't use an open flame torch to heat up the stone surface because it could cause spalling. A much safer way is to use a hot plate, or a hot air gun. (HEAT GUN) You can use a shop forced air heater for large stone. I just thought someone would want to know. After all these materials are not cheap. I'm going to use this method to create a tombstone with my grandsons picture on it. Thank you for the upload. It is appreciated.
WOW Absolutely Stunning,  Amazing Work, 10 thumbs Up To You : )
RIP random dead dude.
No gloves in the blaster cabinet? No respirator for the paint spray. Lack of common sense?
There is a plastic handle for the razor blade available really cheaply. It holds the blade at the right angle to scrape without digging in. Auto body guys use them to remove runs and imperfections in paint without doing any damage. Saves ruining a really nice job with one tiny slip!
how to cut the halftone mask / image off that support (vinyl sticker I suppose..) ??
i don't have a sand blaster.  can i use something like sugar and a hair dryer?
Wow, I have seen this before but I didn’t know how it was done and it is really something I would like to do. Great job!
i was going to leave a comment.
What was the paint used?
Aluminum oxide is dangerous (Signs and symptoms may include dementia, memory loss, aphasia, ataxia, seizures, altered EEG, and osteomalacia. 3) PULMONARY: Chronic exposure to aluminum dust may cause dyspnea, cough, pulmonary fibrosis, pneumothorax, pneumoconiosis, encephalopathy, weakness, incoordination, and epileptiform seizures), use gloves in the blast cabinet and full face mask when blowing off.
Can you make a video of how you get the photo on the film
Nice little business for making money on the side!
You got sexy hands.
BRO WAT
WOW!
can you wet it when you razor scrap it?
please send +91 9440701204 please
what is the blew sticker ????
Information on the blue vinyl mask should be part of your video, as asked previously.  Also, info about why you chose the fairly course image resolution.  What are the reasons for not going with a coarser or finer resolution?
Thank you all praise to THE MOST HIGH for he is the power and the glory forever and ever amen
So they have a photo of an Asian guy, and they paint him white. Das Rayzist!
Welp, this video just made me want to become a communist.
Very interesting video but you omitted critical information.  What is the mask made of?  Where did you get it?  Can it be printed on a standard B/W office laser printer?  What brand is it?  Is it available from a store like Office Depot or Amazon?  If not, what vendor made it for you?
is that a death stone???  so i guess that guy is dead,,,,,,creeppyyyyyy 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
Semma mem
Nice thumbnail
Great Results! Wear All Protective Gear When Working With Any Mineral or Chemical Airborne Material' Please!🌈
Really outstanding work !!!!
I think she just likes to squeegee.
Be careful with the razor or you'd hurt your hands. Stay safe.
It's a very interesting process.  Personally, I would have masked the entire stone before I sandblasted the image.  I mean, after all, you were going to mask it anyway.
NIce work, but I have too say if you dont start wearing a respirator when you are painting,  "YOUR" photo will end up on one of those stones sooner than later. PPE goes a long way to ensure longevity when working with materials such as this. You did a great job on the photo transfer, and RIP who ever that guy is.
can this be done on other type surfaces
Your skin also breaths you can be poisoned through your skin, history has thousands of examples or just look at possibilities of poison through skin.
Good work, but kids watch NO mask? No gloves? aluminium oxide is a poison so nothing now but in 10 years???
This is so cool to watch! :)
Perfect done 👍🏼
Amazing work with interesting result.where can i get the materials.i want to do this seriously.help
Nice. If that white outline is not there it will not look like a pasted paper. Very nice work.
That is so beautiful...........Great work!  For someone that has never done this, is the film the same as used for printed circuit boards? Also, will a can of spray paint do the finishing job?
BTW, is sandcarving the same as sandblasting? Until now, I thought sandcarving is scultping objects from special sticky sand. But I may be wrong.
Wow ,thank you
You have lovely hands.
damn fine work there..I am gonna have to look into learning this.. not to do headstones mind you but other applications would be handy.. Thanks for the share, carry on..
very nice Sandcarving,  but where can i get these materials?
Very informative. And awesome '80s metal ballad solo soundtrack!
Wow magic at it finest.
I love it medusa real nice work
Real fancy work! Thank you for uploading.
The work is fantastic with amazing result. Thank you. No offense meant here, but kindly note; blasting sand is hazardous for humans and a breathing apparatus plus full sleeve gloves and safety glasses are highly recommended. Sand blasting sealed box is available, FYI. Mr. T. Jennings commented on other safety concerns, also, which please note. We are really concerned of your safety, therefore the above recommendations. Have a wonderful day, Ma'am.
Well done and beautiful result.  I would have never guessed that method.  Please don't be offended, but there were several concerning safety issues.  You used a flame indoors near the napkin and aerosol can.  The propane torch could both ignite the napkin and blow if off the table onto other combustibles.  You blew off the sandblast media residue without safety goggles.  That stuff gets in your eyes and results in pain and injury.  Lastly you used the razor blade without leather gloves.  And please don't excuse yourself with a comment that you've done this a million times without incident.  It just takes one time and no one is immune from accidents.
Excellent
Unless you showed EVERYTHING, and EVERY STEP, and a SUPPLIES list, I'm not interested.  I JUST WASTES 17:14 getting scammed! 2 THUMBS DOWN 👎👎
Warning this an ad disguised as a how to video ..... thumbs down
Ok lady, how did u get the picture on the stencil? Or is this just an ad for your services disguised as a how to video. What a scammer!
Touching the  surface with your hands after cleaning it brings you back to field zero.
Hot work ! Have a fire extinguisher standing by !
wow
How was the photo mask created?
It just so happens that I have all of that kit in the garage.    How lucky is that!
Very interesting technique but why the noicy music?
How did I land here?  All and all very well done.  Smart!  And sexy too.   Thanks for sharing.
beautiful hands ;)
Magic x
Thank you
I only clicked on this because you look hot!!! and you are!!!
Thanks for posting...I've always wondered how this was done.  How do you get the photo onto the mask, laser printer or do you use a special printing process?
Brilliantly done 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Stone cold Steve Austin
What is lines per inch was used in the halftone?
the tutorial is so easy. Creating a stencil using a sticker is the hard one.
how did you make a halftone image to a sticker?
Where can I buy a piece of granite in that shape? That looks awesome!
Qi
What is aliniman oxide??? Lol
WoW, , , Impressive . .🤘✌️👍
Not interested in watching someone who "kinda" does things.  Also, your music sucks.
How do you transfer a picture taken to the paper you used to transfer to the stone?Is it hard to find the paper used for the picture?
not sure it I would be using that torch on a carpet surface and that paper towel next to where you were heating the stone
shame u didn't mask the left side before sand blasting
Makes you wonder how this technique  was invented/discovered!
pls, make video s to how you get the halftone picture on the film.
Wow...it's clear&clean photo... nice job 👊👊 👊
Was my question too!! Nice Job though, interesting how that works. The blasting material will embed into your skin.
Why aren't you wearing gloves whilst sandblasting?
Vert interesting but a lot of equipment used so not that everyone can do it, but cool to watch
I'm gonna sandblast a photo that will make yours looks piece of cheap french cheese cloth. What do you think about that?
I've seen this method use for tombstones. I think that's why the picture was only half the size of the stone. The bio would go on the other side.
Really impressive .is this a service you provide to retail, or a hobby.
"Removes moisture, oil, and dirt"   Touches the granite slab.  -epic!!
Could you give me information my email is carlosfra54@hotmail.com
You didn't show how to get the picture on the plastic film. Thanks
NiCE WORK, GOOD IDEA FOR SHORT TERM VIEWING OF A PASSED LOVED ONE. BUT IT IS "SHORT TERM". MEANING 25 YEARS AFTER THIS IS DONE, IT WILL NO LONGER BE SEEN ON THE GRAVE MARKER.  BUT FOR THE I WANT IT NOW GENRATION IT'S A GOOD MONITARY GETTER.
Great I'll  be able to make some presents for my friends
I've always wanted to know how this was done and now I know..Thanks YouTube i learn something new everyday 👍
That was pretty cool, did not know that was so simple ( i mean non industrial equipment )
Can you make a video of how to make the half tone picture in compurer
Hey vidville vid don't you have some sea turtle nest to dig up or something. Go get a life. Or better yet go go throw rocks at a momma grizzly see how fun that is,don't forget to stuff your pockets with meat.😂😂
You should really change the thumbnail she looks really unhappy
My ocd mind: Thats still have a bubble up there.😒🙄
Wow love it. How much it would cost to get one done
Way to fleece the bereaved.
Wow! Fascinating. I've never seen this process before.
Great vid..but the music was very distracting
The finished article didn't look very good!
work safty please... masks gloves eye protection....
Could I have the details of the photo, the backing sheet and the cover sheet? Is this applicable only to black and white? I am a stone mason in Australia and would like to know more details as we do have requirements of this work from time to time. alpha1memorials.com.au
Interesante para mi negocio  ya que trabajo con granito...que sistema o maquina se usa para sacar  el negativo de esas fotos..
Cool!
Where or how can I learn how to do your Job I would love to learn.
She's having a blast doing this
I need to get the info on the stencil you use !!! Great work...pleas send me info daviddrone7@gmail.com..........
I've been sandblasting for 41 yrs this system would be great in my shop for portraits instead of etching them great video
Hi please am from my company need the machine which transfer photos onto granite please contact us on 0244643344 thank you we hoping to hear from you
MUCHAS GRACIAS LO UTILIZARÉ EN MI NEGOCIO
I'm a fellow etcher and this blows my mind..I've done about 40 hand etched headstones and still amazed at the tricks of the trade..was wondering where to get that film transfer material..hows that done ? Awesome video !
This is absolutely amazing!!! Good on ya!
I want this sandblast machine.  Please call in my No:7539997342
Thank you, even an old dog can still learn something! Well done.
would i be able to find the stone on your website. If not were:
WOW! great video. I can't wait to do this. Were can i get the stone?
Liz, I think you did a fine job on this Instructional Video. Judging from some of the comments below, I think it was Way above there pay scale. Sounds like a children's chat room. Have a Great Day !! Tom O
Sorry for asking , Is that a tombstone or a plaque ???
Why not follow the halftone screen angle.??
I believe you said Plummers Gas, most of the Plummers I know use a propane Gas, now I don't know a lot of Plummers. So what I'm getting at is, isn't the Gas that you used Map Gas and does it matter with Gas someone can us?
what is the tape toure using how you  take  picture, ??pain t ??please, where can I by products???
What is the tape your are using ?
Beautiful job and awesome presentation!
Nice,, new subcriber here
Points blazing torch at nearby aerosol can....
How did you get the picture on the cover sheet? What is it called?
Sorry. Why did the black jacket etc. Not go white when you painted? Brilliant video btw.
Wow, love it! 25 Plus years ago I was sandblasting into thick glass. Those days it was draw the picture on the resist & cut it out by hand & blast. This is really awesome, thanks for sharing!
are you dutch ?? (haas)
How many thousands of $$$$$ does this cost the bereaving widow
How to print it ,can I print it with normal printer?
Beautiful work
Amazing work and how in the world did the first person to do this figure it out amazes me.
2 mistake you carried out. 1. You were cheap with the tape when blocking out before sandblasting. I can see your sand over spray left etching at the edge of the tape and 2. They sell a $1.99 blade holder when scraping off the SR3000 without straining your fingers!.
What film you have used to have that photo image produce.
Wow this was really cool!!
just got a new sub here.  this is so superb!  thanks for sharing
Excellent tip with the backing!
Is this something handed down family to family and you learned the trade yourself and kept it going???????? If so Awesome Job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
very nice video, good job
are you married?
Missed and big step. Where do we source the print. Also, edit your damn video for time.
Interesting. Now I wonder how the perforated mask is being made. Is there a special printer for it ?
Verry good....
Oh nice work!
after cleaning of granite she again putting her hands on it also paper so dust may be ....................
Very impressive!
Don’t know how I got here,  but this is great!  thank you for sharing
There is no accounting for peoples taste. To me this is just so tacky.
Can u send me step by step of everything u use. I would love to make on of my niece to give to my sister who passed away in March
Very informative video, but very flawed results. If you look at his jacket you can see the lines from the uneven blasting and uneven paint application. All in all it is still a nice piece
That was awesome work and video...thanks for sharing.
You have no idea how much this video has helped me. Thank thank thank-you
How you make photomask?
That was very interesting. Would love to see more of this
Bez veze ...!
Wow, this is pretty darn cool. Never knew you could do such a thing.
I stumbled across this, and watched it. Awesome job. I had no idea of the process. liked and subbed.
You cleaned the piece of granite with compressed air outside of the sand blasting cabinet at your spray painting station (maybe just for this training video) can you have that added into the sand blasting cabinet or use the sand blaster air supply to clean the piece while still inside the cabinet so all the residue remains there? or does that interfere with sand blasting other work pieces?
I want this machine. My contact is +919944217401
The jacket has striations.
Nice tanned, muscular arms and sexy hands.
Interesting video and process but absolutely obnoxious music...
Is it possible to do this on a already placed headstone? I would love to have the image of my husband and i holding our baby boy put on his stone.    My husband does sandblasting, hopefully he can somehow get his sandblasting equipment out there. LoL  if so I’ll be ordering the transfer from you guys soon.  Thx
Excellent video ~~~Interesting process ~~~~
Liz; found this very intriguing and would like to know if the same method would work on wood?
O
u should wear a mask
You missed a spot outside his right eye twice.
Wow, you just told people it's okay to put a torch to a cold stone outside.  I guess you've never had to repair a cracked or broken headstone due to temp changes.
P
That is amazing. Well done video. Subbed you, kindly sub back too. Thanks.
I always wondered how they got those pictures on the tombstones I've seen.
Beautiful work, by a Beautiful woman!
very good
Years ago, I did real intricate artwork on glass, I would go to a monument company and they would give me their used sand that was super fine.
Wow!  Very nice idea.  I love it.  Where did you get the granite stone that you used in this tutorial? I love this piece of granite. The other thing is of course... How did you create the halftone image?
Very nice but I don't get how it works.
You don't need the music, plus it's all wrong for your video. You're too good and you don't need any distractions.
I used to design and engrave scenes, portraits and many custom illustrations on tombstones until these techno-processes replaced the need for graphic talent.
That annoying "music" ruins the video
Hi! I am starting to do sand blasting. How it is posible that black parts stayed black?
Great stuff!, can this be done with a paasche air eraser?
you  explained  everything  well … except  for  the  part  on  how  to  obtain  the  image-mask  of  the  photograph.  is  a  screen-print  of  a  35mm  negative  ordered … and  does  that  come  with  the  plastic  overlay  you  mentioned  plus  the  negative  base/emulsion?
I had never seen such amazing work before, great
Amazingly Beautiful job. Not something I would ever do because it is outside my price range for the equipment... Just want to say I think you did an amazing job... and unlike some of the other commenters, I never noticed your nails, lol, I was Intrigued with your amazing work... Again, VERY BEAUTIFUL... And for the ones commenting on gloves, Resporators, etc., fully contained said it all...
Really should be wearing gloves..
So where do you get a half tone mask, or can one be made? Interesting presentation otherwise.
I haven't done glass etch for years (decades). Techniques and such have come a long ways and, obviously, still require a lot of skill [and decent equipment, including dust collection), but you made it look easy.   Thanks for a great video.
It amazes me, when I watch a video of someone doing something creative that not many other people can or are doing. And all of the experts in the comments, are telling her what she is doing incorrectly or how it should have been done. The way they would have done it, or what other materials she should have used. When clearly, this is what the person does as their profession or art form. I airbrush, and the quickest way to get me to not take a job, is to start telling me how to do what I do.
I always wondered how this was accomplished. If I understand right, the darker areas of the photo have smaller or no holes in the resist to show more of the black granite background thus showing up darker as in the suit jacket area? So the lighter areas would have larger or more holes to let the paint cover a greater area showing up lighter?
Maybe it's to remove leftover grit and dust from the sandblasting stage so as not to scratch the rest of the surface! Do you think? I think it was excellent job and tutorial.P.S. I'm with John Hill, how and where do you get image done.
It's pointless cleaning the surface if your just going to run your hands over it afterwards. Your hands constantly exude Moisture, salt and oils.
nice job.
how do you get the image on the photoresist film? thanks
hi  i need sandblasting machine kindly send ur address references for contact plez
Let's put a smile on that face
Nice video.......but the music was annoying at times ...safety should be your number one priority.  need to use masks and gloves and  a better way to contain the  flying aluminum oxide ...otherwise ...... by the time you comedown with  some difficulty breathing  ................___it’s too late................__
Yeah right LOL... Propane gas is loaded full of water.
That's really neat, your very good.
I will never let my photos be taken for granite!
Lady where are your gloves! Also you should mask the whole thing in the sand blaster. I can see where the left side got some dusting. Just stick a bag over it or something quick. Nice video though
11:28 Despite the circular motion, at the end the tone of the jacket is not uniform (16:46) but shows vertical and horizontal strips. I think yield of big flat half conforms tones are the more difficult to reproduce (I am a typographer on paper). In every case interesting technique, never seen.
Can you use a heat gun at a low temperature to remove the final paper? The razor blade could scratch the picture.
Very interesting video. Thanks!
Awesome tutorial good job of explaining Sandcarving!
Where do you get the halftone picture process done? This would be a great way to make gifts. Can it be done on any other material.
Love this video. Beautiful work. It got my mind athinkin. Something new to try.
"Sand black vinal tape" *starts using everyday painters tape*
First I’ve heard a rock sound track while looking a a gravestone! lol
Now that’s cool 😎
I'm not disappointed. I just tried to educate you a bit. Yes, I'm well aware the name "black granite" is very widely used by marketers, construction folks and many many others who do not understand all they could about geology. The Chinese, Scandanavians, to name just two areas, also market an igneous stone called "black marble". Obviously you can use any "nickname" you wish. Others borrow another geological term to name a product for counter tops:  quartz. The man made product is a resin infused with quartz chips (or sometimes glass or other light colored stones) Again call either what you will; please just don't refute a comment until you've completed your own research. (I have read reports about Chinese "black granite". Supposedly certain dark dyes or stains are applied before selling to very anxious black material buyers---perhaps even realizing the added colors are readily removed with acetone or another solvent. Buyers should perhaps test before buying lest the coloration wear off after a period of service.) What about another "marketing name"? A tile extensively used on floors and in bathrooms:  TRAVERTINE MARBLE. With your research, you'll learn these are separate rocks, one is sedimentary and the other is metamorphic. I make no apology for knowing the little bit I know of geology. You have free will to explore geology, picture transfer to stone or ANY OTHER DISCIPLINE. I wish you well.  Renzo
Great video, though I cringed when you cleaned the dust off the tablet with compressed air and no safety glasses..
Fab video, one of those  videos that give a lot of pleasure to watch.Thank you and can't understand the 312 sad clowns who not enjoy this
What the physics that make this work? Shalom
Painter's tape? Shalom
absolutely BRILLIANT!
Monumental masonry business?  Making a tombstone?
would a heat gun be better to remove that sheet that you were using the razor blade on?
GRANITE is never, never, never black. It is so felsic (light-colored), it is very doubtful it could be stained after collection from the earth. The artist does not know what medium she is using. The very small picture can not be used to ascertain the type of intrusive stone she is using.  It could be dole rite (diabase) or another mafic stone.
I had no idea, what you were doing , until the last few minutes or so... This is awesome. One day , I will do it for my Mother. May she rest in Peace.. Thank you..
I was wondering how it was done. Thanks for sharing and making this video
Well done video and quite interesting.  Beautiful end result.
Great Video! Thank you
That is brilliant 👍 wouldn't want my ugly mug on there though! 😂
Anybody else looking at that torch next to the highly flammable can of window cleaner and waiting for the excitement to start?
Lovely work and excellent video. Skilled instructor.
where did you get/make the picture?
They make razor blade holders to do the job of removing the film
I became bored watching
I love reading the comments more than watching the video. It’s amazing how many professionals there are out there do you really think anyone truly cares what you think. Nice job by the way.
I think she knows what she is doing, common sense is gone
What a bunch of whiners, thank you for sharing that with us nice job
use a hair dryer or heat gun if its winter and the stone is that cold you will crack it using a torch
Is there a link to your business? thx
its crooked.  since the very moment she placed it down I noticed its crooked.
fantastic working.
Something very sexy about her...
DEFINITELY NOT A GOOD IDEA TO BE USING A BLOW TORCH WITH CARPETING AND A PAPER TOWEL RIGHT NEXT TO IT.  THINGS CAN GO BAD IN A HURRY.
Good
If you do this with a Rick and Morty image you will only get genius level comments.
rayzist what?
why heat with a blowtorch. it will create hot spots for irregular effects... watch them napkins too!   pop it in a  30 to 40 deg centigrade oven for a couple of hours to ensure the stone has an even temperature that it will retain during the application process
Outstanding work!  Thank you for posting.
Constructive criticism:  Don’t say “I’m just gonna kinda...” or “and now we kinda...” all the time.  Otherwise very nice video, thanks
Sorry for your loss. He is in a better place.
The health and safety respirator freaks are having a heart attack watching this 😂😂😂
PLS DONT FOLLOW THIS LADIES PROCEDURE... ITS VERY VERY DANGEROUS.. YOU MUST USE SAFETY EQUIPMENT!!.. I CANT WATCH ANY MORE OF THIS  TRAIN WRECK!
its a really really BAD thing to use a sand blaster and not use the protective gloves.... at 30psi the grit is like tiny bullets hitting your skin.. a very bad idea.. if your thinking of doing this as a business ... take all of the safety precautions.. this lady is running the very high risk of losing the use of her hands sooner or later.. but I'll bet she'll sue for damages.....if it happens
She does a good job of explaining as she goes. Not everyone can do that.
Why not warm the stone in the oven?
can you show how the photo firm created?
Thanks for sharing. Very interesting but RIP.
Where's her respirator? Let alone the fans going in the paint booth? And also easier to mask the entire thing at the start, instead of dealing with a sandy surface for the tape to stick too, that also has the potential to scratch the surface
wow thats amazing
Nice work. These stencils seem to have come a long way since the old delicate ones. It was just luck if they turned out 100%
Thanks for posting! Very interesting work!
Beautiful work we say in Arabic (teslm idek)
Who is that..... Mao's brother in law?
That was beautiful work.
Too checkerboarded for me!
Well done,it looks amazing 👍
I'm surprised that such a method works. My father cut stencils by hand for lettering on headstones for 40 years. I'm impressed that this technique has been developed. I intend to have a QR code on my headstone that links to a memorial website with info about me and my life and a video that starts automatically... "greetings from beyond..." lol
Sqeegee 🤣
Wow,I`m blown away,fantastic work. Look after your health though.
bravo
When you touch the stone with your hand after the first cleaning and warming to check its temperature, you put your skin oil again on it... nice job else.
Thank you Sandcarving  for taking the time to demonstrate this technique, it was enlightening.  To the rude critics, your poor behaviour is help you feel superior but I guess that many of you have never done any similar work or have never shared your skills by video. My wife and I have done a lot of sandblasting in small cabinets like this, gloves are not essential. If you blast your hand, you only do it once and the effect is temporary. Often gloves are a hinderance.  Please feel free to upload a video showing how you do it.
Need to place one of those anti-fatigue mats (one that is a grid of open circles) on your blast cabinet work surface, over the expanded metal. Much friendlier surface that won't scrape up your project!
Nice
Great video -- very interesting.  Please ignore the safety mavens who always seem to get up on their high horse about something.
Incredibly fascinating!
Lady, don't ever set foot in a shop. You are ignorant and dangerous. Open flame on a carpeted table? No gloves in the blast cabinet? No PPE during painting? Either stick to answering phones, or get some proper training. Horrible and pathetic.
why dont you have any gloves in your blasting cabinet?!
Where did you get the blue photo mat that you applied in the beginning?  Excellent and informative video.  Truly a "work" of  beautiful art.
How I got to this video. I don’t know
Is this for a burial ground ?
nice work
Very informative video, thanks - but I relly got a toothache watching you holding that razor blade with you bare hands. They say razor cuts don't leave bad looking scars, as razors are sharp and the cuts they make are very clean (so they will eventualy heal leaving barely visible scars) - by why on Earth you want to test it yourself, on your own hands? Get some razor- or scrape-blade holder, for a Christ's sake! There are plenty of them in every hardware or depo store - and they not only will protect your hands, they'll help you controll the angle too. Just a friendly advice... Best, KB
Personally 'm not familiar with most of what u used to create this peace of art, yet I liked the whole thing and got impressed by the fine hi end!  Dont give a shit to those silly comments. U really did an impressive job...l💞ved it!  Hi from Egypt 🇪🇬🇪🇬🇪🇬
What tape are you using
Many nice and respectable people died to bring us this information.
7:31 alunimun oxide
RIP to the chinese guy
This is very interesting tut and I learned a lot! Thank you from Germany for sharing. (And please ignore the disgusting comments which hopefully will be a dying breed in weirdful times...)
WHAT SORCERY IS THIS ?????
Tombstone
First of all Who is that a picture of the gentleman is Oriental !
What is it with Americans and their irritating music,what is the point of it in this video
Where did you get that granite plaque?
I've always wondered what the process for this was. Thank you! I'm curious to know how the "half-tone mask" is fabricated? Thanks again
lmao map gas over fuzzy carpet ... r u for real?
What you do is perform service for someone that helps them heal through their pain of losing a loved one so I don't know why people have anything negative to say about what you do I think what you do is really great looks amazing thank you
Very interesting technique. Thank you for sharing.
amazing
Thanks for this
god, she's so sloppy..
Where can I get a picture of that guy to put on my headstone?  The epitaph will read -------> THIS ISN'T ME BUT IT'S THE ONLY PHOTO I HAD.
Good job baby
What's with some of this negative comments. Looks great
Funny how the end result was fucked up stripy and with a quick flick of a camera angle we not going to see the final result hahaha.
Funny how I was watching a video on how to cook a rib eye steak on pan and this came up on the recommendation. Now I want that steak memorialized.
Thank you for sharing this 👍
You are so talented Ms Liz
You put your hands in with no gloves 🤔
Would have liked to either have seen how the mask was made, or a reference to a video that explains that part.
It isn’t straight! 😫
Excellent Video and excellent job ! Thanks for sharing your expertise.
very cool . the finished stone looked great
I'm glad I watched til the end. The paint really makes the image stand out on the stone. Very nice!
i'm having a blast watching that =)
That was interesting.  Had never seen or even knew how this was / is done.  Thanks for sharing.
14:13 Mr. Lee anyone? Spider-Man ?
Who came up with the Rayzist name? Bit cringy.
That was really cool. I always wondered how it was done. Thanks for the nice lesson. Best Wishes n Blessings. Keith Noneya
Is it safe to assume the picture will eventually deteriorate?
You’re a smart skillful lady but careless about safety protective glasses gloves etc.....
Judging from the shine of the granite, it is sealed with plastic sealer, right...not raw stone!
so someone's rich asian uncle is dead and he want his face to blasted by sand
Pretty awesome! New to the channel
R.I.P bro.
This is a "DEMO" a simple example of steps, DUUUUUH NO ONE WANTS TO READ 500 RETARDS WITH "0" TALENT TALKING SMACK. DUUUUUUH
Cool video never even thought how these were made. YouTube algorithm doing its thing
So many cool people with great talents. Fun to watch even though I will not do something like this . But thank you for all your hard work and time.
good looking lady doing a neat technique on granite thank you so much for the video.
Good video, lots of trolls here that's why I don't do youtube video's. Very nice work!
Well done
Let me break down this video real quick.  1. She cleaned the class, heated it with the torch, but then touched it multiple times with her bare hand. 2. She misaligned the photo on the granite, left wrinkles in the photo, and squeegeed down towards a hard line of the backing paper, then she continues to squeegee in random directions. 3. Shes using a sandblasting booth without the gloves, and not getting consistent coverage.  4. When she gets to paint, shes not overlapping correctly,  and is too close, keeps changing direction without going off the granite, so its got lines through out.  If i paid someone to do this for me from a "professional" and it came back like this, I would just laugh and want my money back.
Thank you for the free lessons. It's good to know I can do this myself because they charge way too much where I live.
Don't believe in safety standards do we? Thick gloves exhaust doesn't seem to be working got a static ground strap?
Hey! Tat is my uncle!!! What he do on here?
You can buy a box of surgical gloves at Harbor Freight for $5.00. good vid.
Wow! What a great talent. Many bad comments and I bet they can only draw stick figures. Your way may be different but it is your coustomers you have to please not the people how watch on YouTube!   I would like to learn this from you just for fun. Thanks
Why are you so fat?
Excuse me ? This photo printed on what ? What kind of paper do you use ? How can I get it ? Please
Cool Vid
I can see your horizontal blast lines. That's why professionals do circular patterns while blasting. Also use a light sensitive emulsion with the half-tone photo negative instead of your chintzy peel and sticker...  quickest and easiest thousand +++$$$ ever, for an amature.
Funeral home trade secret..  What they would probably charge people thousands for..
The torch will also set your fucking napkins on fire. Jeezus.
Awsome! Thanks. That's a wonderful product with so many applications
Is this a hobbie video? the jacket was very poorly blasted. The blotchy look on the jacket due to inconsistent speed and uneven overlap over previous run. 7 out of 10 for amateur,, get another job for pro
1:17 You just touched the surface and put grease from your hand on it. Amateur mistake.
You could have used a less annoying woman for your video. That would have at least taken away from her lack of skill. Put that woman behind a desk or something
Hope the family of that man didn't accept that tomb stone, she knows how to give directions but her hands on skills are lacking. "Those who can't do, can teach."
Why is this being recomended all of a sudden?
With heat there's a greater Bond, James Bond
That’s what I like about youtube you can always find intriguing subjects.
Can't blast can't paint shes pathetic
his jacket still had streaks in it from not a good overlap while blasting. Neat video though.
جميله جدا ورائعه
Question? How much does  the sand blaster cost?
Where does the original "mask" come from?
Interesting process but the Black areas in the photo are very weak.
Use a HEATING PAD. On high, lay the pad out and place the stone on it and give it about or 10 mins before you start to warm...  I would never use a torch on a cold stone. Some stone can be very cold and the sudden heat can make it crack or shatter, and yes you could be hurt... Use a heating pad.
Great tutorial. Is this a dry process film, or a washout film? How many dpi? I have used another brand of dry blast film to blast a pet memorial. I got some decent results, but the dry resist made me want to pull my hair out. For me, it wasn't user friendly at all.
You have done a great job!
So what does nearly 150 thumbs downers have against this... there wasn't any stupid music completely blocking out the original sounds, it wasn't a high-speed replay video, the instructor was pretty detailed on the different processes, and the final result looked like it turned out nice
Very cool!
Very nice job.👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Why aren't his eyes open for the photo?
There's probably a laser process that will do this in a minute and a half...
"Alunimun..."  LOL!  <3  I can honestly say I have never heard anyone say, "alunimun" before!
Everything was awesome until the very end when I saw the bands in the suit. Any way to make that more solid?
Why the dictator of  vietnam?   Why not use american dictator like obama?
Nice job well done.
Really looks great
this is intertesting but couldnt the same process be used to make full color etched photos? i mean it's pretty much the same style of process as a silk screened shirt.
interesting, the torch combustion water visible when she stated is for moisture removal.
The background noises and music are distracting ......
Rest in peace,  blasian man
I liked having seen this process. I liked it and it gave me some ideas. Good thing they uploaded this. Thank you.
Thank you for making and sharing this video. You are very skilled, both in what you are doing and in explaining how to do it. I’m sure every woman on earth would like to know your secret of how you use a sandblaster barehanded and still keep paint on your nails!?!  Lol!
Not racist but rayzist
You can squeegee my alunimun all you want.
Sand blasting with no rubber glove inserts in the cabinet ?... hows you nails and hands ?.......
Cool!
Nice work
I always wondered how they did it!
dead foulks never get old
Nope!
I got sick of all the fucking background musak.
Interesting, I've never seen this done before. It gives me some ideas...
This is creepy...
looks like a grave stone
7:31 "alunimin" lol XD
Thats awesome
where do i  get my , already taken photo's to turn them into the type required for this process?
interesting technique! Nice job! Nice video! How much  would such a job cost? Thank you
Very cool!
Gravestone art.
2 thoughts:  THANK YOU for not doing any high-speed video segments.  Those are awful.  Also: commenters do not proofread.  They just don't.
👌👌👍👍
I wonder if the family who had this done has ever watched this video
great product!  i use it to knock condensed silver and gold vapors off glass tubing, and turn it into pipes to sell to silly weed heads who work all day (or 2) at their sandwich jobs just to afford one of my pipes.    Thanks Rayzist!  with your product i have turned many thousands of of $20ish hours into $50ish hours over the last 10 years.  also, the tools included in your starter kit have been great in several other uses.  for example, i used the sprayer to wash out screen printing emulsion, and printed thousands of garments and accessories.  the letralite exposure unit cures my other UV gluing projects in no time, and the brayer/roller dealie has been useful too.  the bubble popper/wire brush roller, not so much.  i get so few bubbles i just pop them individually with an x-acto blade.
Wow I often wondered how this was done. Now I know and I love it. I know some places that use a high powered laser to etch images into the stone and they look good until you get up close and you can see the pathlines the laser took to draw the image, much like a low res printer plus some fine detail is lost because of the nature of lasers. Doing it your method I noticed the photo even though it was dot matrix, it had a lot of detail a sharper edges. Thank you for sharing this knowledge with us. X
Very cool  and informative video.  Thanks for sharing!
13:43 OOOooo what if you wanted the image to only be visible in the rain!! :P
soap and waters better.
Beautiful work! That being said, please for the love of god will you put on some damn PPE!!!
thanks for posting, this has been popular since the early 2000's for grave stones..so what is your take on how long this will last outdoors..my take is 40-50 years till it decays some what..give me your opinon/ all so it would be a nifty art project for non dead people/ all so give links to your booth and spray eqpt. and is there a anti- moss treatment for this yet for stone?
Beautiful. Thanks for sharing that technique.
I'm serious ! I'm a retiered concrete finisher and i'm into decoritive stone work and cainsaw carving !!! We would be good together !!!! Gary !!! graygary1961@gmail.com !! Besides your FRIGGIN HOT !!!!
I would like to know the name of the photo paper your using and sand blast   Also where to purchase supplies thank you
Are you married ? If not get ahold of me !!!!
So, where do you get the Halftone Photo from?  Do you have another video one that?  If so, perhaps include a link in the Description.  If, not, then perhaps tell us at the beginning of the video, or add that to the description.  Nice video, though.  Well presented.
Wow! I hope this was only a demo. Her poor sandblasting tech showed really showed up on the black suit coat on the finished pic. But I really enjoyed seeing the technic since it was done to my own headstone.
Why does it sat 'Rayzist' on the side of the screen?
ALL THAT AND NO LOOK AT THE FINISHED PROJECT? WHAT IS THE UV LIFE EXPECTANCY? IS IT FOR OUTDOOR USE?
Watch that torch and that spray can !!! 😨🔥🔥🔥
You say this will never fade or go away? What about the paint? What is the average life expectancy of the paint? If and when it fades how is it repaired?
God damn Mannie fresh
I don't think your spraygun was adjusted very well, the final results left what we call 'zebra stripes', particularly in the suit jacket area. Perhaps opening the guns fan setting and overlapping your spraying pattern a bit might correct that. Otherwise a good video of a cool technique!
Very good tutorial...the music is appropriate too...sometimes even if the tutorial is interesting, the music kills it and I will just switch off...
So the paint (highlight) wears off ?
Good video
Where's your PPE personnel protective equipment
What is the life expectancy?
You should sear some safety gloves while blasting. keep them lovely hands lovely!!!
*Wasn't this easier if it was done with screen print and then ad clear coat?*
This is awesome!!! Love it s k much!! Also very inspirational. Thank u for sharing it with us. All the love from South Africa  🇿🇦
Nice. But. You  are. More beautiful
Epic grave stone!  Ahh, Mister Mushimoro, we hardly knew ye.
How do u do that mask?
Yes that's right folks creating your own tombstone has never been easier but wait there's more, buy our tombstone kit and we'll give you the low down on how to dig your own grave at no extra cost. Shovel not included some assistance required.
liz is hot!!!
this video needs to be pulled before there is backlash from customers.
Thats amazing. I wondered how that was done since I first saw a tombstone at the cemetery when my Grandpa was buried. I still don't quite understand it, is the film mask multidimensional? I tried to  sandblast some letters into a stone once but it didn't work well. There were no books available on the subject then (1980s). The two methods I tried failed, I ended up hand carving the letters. Not great results. Thank you, for sharing the knowledge. I think you know what your'e doing, I don't have any advice.
Did the family approve of you using their dead husband and father in a video tutorial?
Is that a funeral stone?
As others have said you are sandblasting without any protection for your lungs, seal up your cabinet, use gloves. Next you are spraying paint without a respirator, I would guess you do not wish to live long enough to retire.
TIP:  You must have a previous obsession with peeling labels off things to do this.
Highly dangerous use of sandblasting equipment!  Approved Gloves should always be used in these conditions. Please research proper techniques before trying this.
Have you ever tried a planer blade instead of a razor blade ? I would expect it to be more practical, and due to it’s length, to be less prone to cause scratches on the stone (providing you touch up the corners before first use). There are 50 and 60mm blades for hand planers, 82mm blades for the small machines and even longer ones 320/400mm for the workbench machines.
WOW ................ Awesome ................ thanks for showing us ........... Beautiful, Simply Beautiful
How long would that last in exterior exposure on average?
How is the transparency (mask) created?  It is an assembly that you can purchase and run through a copier or what?
Use a heat gun, instead of a fuel flame... if you are trying to warm up a surface for applying something to adhere to it. Fuel flames create carbon soot that covers your workspace, leaving a 'dusty' type layer...
Talk about pissing your money away. I hope you kids see what silly waste of resources this is.
Very interesting, how did you ever start doing this as a career? Was it something you had to learn on the job ?
Mr Wing won Lee verrye verrye happy now.
Excellent job, i didn't expect it to turn out so good !
removes all oils.. touches it afterwards A1
Awesome job. Looks great. But why not mask the left half before blasting?
Music track is annoying and unnecessary on an instructional video.
Yeah, great video, but would be nice to know what the transparency film was used.  Seems to be a negative, or inverse print to resist the aluminum oxide, and thus etch the granite, allowing the paint to fill in the etched areas.    Less important but informative would be whether paint was an alkyd enamel or acrylic.  Otherwise, well done !!!
Aren't there more interesting pix to watch?
You should heat the granite more evenly and gently otherwise one day you will crack it!
Yeah, great video, but would be nice to know what the transparency film was used.  Seems to be a negative, or inverse print to resist the aluminum oxide, and thus etch the granite, allowing the paint to fill in the etched areas.    Less important but informative would be whether paint was an alkyd enamel or acrylic.  Otherwise, well done !!!
HA,LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE ASSOCIATED WITH A FUNERAL, RIPOFF!!! GREAT WORK,JUST WAAAAY OVER PRICED BECAUSE OF THE EMOTIONAL ASPECT OF THE SITUATION!. JUST MY OPINION
Pretty awesome, indeed. What did you use to print image on (laser, inkjet, paper type?)
Now this man is also eternalized on the internet ;o)
A hardworking women like yourself is not married?
Because she knows that 20 out of a 100 will try, but only 1 out of 20 will be successful. Most of us are not patient enough. Kind of brush painting, one out of a hundred.
*I'm sure the family of this guy had no problems whatsoever with you plastering his death-mask all over YouTube for the benefit of your channel.*
A hot water pan on top will help soft the glue
Very clever.
Thanks for making such a clear and comprehensive video!
That was soo cool thank you for sharing !
Wow, that was impressive! What is the longevity? Will the paint fade away?
That's really neat! I've often wondered how photographic images are engraved onto stone. Now I know - a mixture of technology and skill. Thanks for the demo.
Amazing. What an interesting video.
nice lesson thank you; never saw that before.
but you can still see the horizontal lines from moving the nozzle back and forth.
That's different. How neat😄
be carefull aplying heat to stone , i had chips shoot of the material intoo my face
I WON'T WATCH THIS because of the annoying background MUZAK!
Interesting process but why do so many Americans say "My this, my that" and sound like they are talking to pre-school kindergarten kids?
Interesting...
very interesting to watch
The music is so annoying I couldn't finish the video.
👏🏻🎉👏🏻🎉👏🏻✨🌟⭐️😃👍🏻👍🏻✅
for some reason its weirdly satisfying to watch people do stuff like this
Far out.
Damn she hot!
Wowwwwwwww so amazing
The 'music' serves no purpose.
Enjoyed the video and appreciate the information. Trying to create a career change - How does one obtain the equipment and training to do such work? I have asked funeral homes around me, but they all seem to send their orders to someone outside our area. Is there a company and/or technical school you can suggest.
I would most definitely enjoy a video on making the mask. Thanks awesome video!
vid is not new.. Why is this being recommended to all of us right now??  wtf..
How is the film made and printed is there a vid on that
She cleans the surface and then touches it with her not clean fingers. Why does she not explain the the kind of film used?
Cant believe she put the image on crooked Twice!
Great video thanks for sharing. Could a negative be printed and skip the paint to make a Grey scale photo? Would it need to be sealed with a clear?
Hello I am in Kenya. Can I be supplied with such machines?
I thought the picture was turning out great until you uncovered the area of his suit. It appears to be streaked both horizontally and vertically, and the streaks look like the width of the spray from you sandblaster. Have you tried increasing the distance from the gun to the surface so you cover a much larger area when blasting? You may need to increase the PSI, but blasting a larger area may not show up the streaking as much. Maybe it got a bit over blasted as well?
impressive, I often wondered how that was done on granite.  nice job!
AWE-some!
gloves? lol
THANK YOU you teach very well...and thank you for taking your time out of your day and showing people how to do this.  People really do appreciate it. I've never seen this done before..im very impressed. keep up the great work. Bless your heart.
excellent video thanks for sharing. One wee comment though, the music is really off-putting when you're trying to concentrate on what you're​ saying. It would be so much better with no soundtrack
Thanks for sharing such a great expertise.
Incredible.
(7:31) - What on earth is "alunimun oxide" ???
its ironic when u start modelling right after when u r dead.
Ohhhh, half- tone. I Thought u were gna be working with a half ton image lol. Stupid me..... This is Awesome. Thank u so much for sharing 👍👍👍👍🇺🇸
this was a great video , how do make the mask , thanks jeff
HI ! good job . is it possible to do the same job on aluminium ?
That was pretty kool
I see many issues with your process that can be improved easily... like just sticking something over the SR3000 to reinforce it and help it's removal as one piece this can save a lot of time and make the whole process faster (heating it beforehand will be better as well to make the glue a bit loose) and you can use a spatula instead of a razor blade which can easily slip and hurt you or do some damage to the surface due to it's sharpness... and you better do the masking once and the sandblasting painting in the box... and also wear some gloves... and maybe craft some tools don't just wait for someone else to do that...
AND YOU SHOULD BE USEING S AUTO MOTOVIE SPRAY MASK SO YOU DONT INHALE THE PAIN WHICH IS NOT GOOD FOR U
I am super interested in learning how to do this system.  I am wondering what size air compressor you are using.  And where i can get some help with a tutorial.  Or where i go to see everything from the beginning on how to make the picture/film...  Love your video.  Great job.  Please point me in the right direction.
That's really REALLY rad! Could I possibly bother you to let me know all the materials I'd need to make the mask? I'm a screen printer so I have a professional UV exposure unit. I'm not planning to use granite, but I do know a material that I could use this on. Thanks for the great video! :)
Never hesrd of this technique ... Fascinating! Greaty video, clearly explained. Only suggestion is to ditch the really annoying background musi... It's not necessary and detracts from it. I only continued watching because it was so well explained.
café using then torch around flammables and combustibles.
Hermoso, trabajo. Señora  éste trabajo lo hago en vidrio pero jamás lo he probado en granito. Una pregunta...lo blanco que le aplica usted es laca o que material es ?, de antemano gracias es usted un amor. Saludos desde Villahermosa, Tabasco México.
Thank you. I’ve been doing it by hand for years, I’ve done this once or twice. I’d love to order the photos from you ❤️👏
Good
Looks awesome! That's cool!
i really need more information coz i do have a sandblasting business pls email me at tasmikaenterprisesormoc@yahoo.com  or thru messenger kindly search my name. thanks.
where can i buy the materials for photo blasting? whats your contact #? thanks
Great Video
Great, helpful video.  I guess the only question I'd have is why go to such trouble and then ruin it with horrible music that's completely unbefitting the nature of your video?
That's pretty cool, thanks for sharing!
What are you using for your sandblaster gun?
Thsts my uncle ming mao.
Where I can buy photo resist?
Very gooood
Maverlass!  Wonderfull .
tank you very much
What paint do you use
Hello, Great video. I would like to know what kind of white paint(painting) you use. Thank you
Bonjour, Vidéo super. J'aimerais savoir quelle sorte de peinture Blanche vous utilisez. Merci
what is the printing name  madam
i want learn this
What is the sandblaster that you are using for this video?
only one word .  [ respirator ] .
where you buy stone like that
hi mam...which type of sand used for sr3000 film
I Have one question, we also have our wine company with sandblasting https://www.facebook.com/NiamoriWine/  :)  If I print out the picture or other illustration with the standard printer, (e.g. https://www.amazon.in/HP-LaserJet-M1136-Multifunction-Monochrome/dp/B008HDF9NU)  on the standard  paper (e.g. https://www.indiamart.com/proddetail/a4-paper-13943111062.html), the picture or illustration will transfer on photoresist film ?
What is the name of the machine you are using and what do you use to engrave on the other side of the stone?  Great job!!!
this is amazing, I wanna learn
How come the sandblast (alum.) doesnt brake the film mask?
wow! you need to wear a mask!
Amazing
Please , where can get the photoresist film and how to use it. Thank you for your time.
(2ft x 2ft stone) how many photos use 150 grit aluminum oxide  blasting?. 150 grit aluminum oxide is recycle material ?
asdff
What is the process of preparing photos in corel draw?
If the black are is what is blasted then how come his hair is still black, I did one and my stencil looked the same as this but on the black granite it looked like a negative
Beautiful work!
where is your store located where i can see this machines in person and possibly pick up some supplies ? thank you.
what type of material or sheet did you use to trabsfer the foto on to, where do you get them and do you have a video of that process please.
exellent experience
