❤yes thank you.😊
Hi Stephanie. These bars were easy to make, adequately sweet, had very good texture and got a big thumbs up from my son! You are indeed a great guru. Thank you for being inspirational and spreading cheer with your recipes.😊
I was just thinking about making some granola bars with this box of cereal that I have. This is timely!
What would we do without you! Thank you so very much. ❤
Hi Stephanie how are you your recipes is  always amazing plz suggest  if I add some nuts and seed this granola  ratio is same  for every thing or little bit different  ratio plz reply  thankyou
This is my go to channel for recipes bc everything I've tried was excellent. I have enough rolled oats to feed a horse and I haven't made granola bars in a while. I was just checking to see how you made them. :o)
Mine didn't hold together. Also added half cup flour for binding . I guess I hav to pat the mix firmly into the pan. I did with the spatula n also wetted my hands but may b need to do more.  No worries, will try again. God bless!
Looks delicious ! I really like granola bars..especially chocolate granola bars. I made this recipe with true elements dark chocolate granola and it turned out perfect! Thanks for sharing this recipe!
En Oversættelse ville være til STOR HJÆLPE. Jeg kan se indholdet, men ved ikke hvor meget af hver…???
My Betty Crocker
Could someone please tell me what golden syrup is!  Thank you!
Can I bake this in a glass oven proof dish?
Hi Is it ok to use some almond meal into it ? .
Hi
Very good receipee mam, if possible pl give ingredients with quantity  at d end, thnku
Hello mam can we jaggery powder instead of golden syrup as where i stay it is not available
Hello from South Africa. Have just signed up and so glad I did.  Definitely making these for my daugters to take in their lunch boxes to work. Thank you so much.  🙏🙏
Wonderful receipe... Can we add "cornflakes " with oats... Also can we use  "jaggery powder"  with honey or brown suger
I really like all your recipes I did coffee cake , pound brown sugar and granola bars .. love you from Saudi
Thanks Joyce , I loved watching this . She is so cute .
What is golden syrup? I never heard of it. I've never seen it at the grocery stores.
Tried your recipe, added peanut butter too, came out Tops! Many Thanks dear sister. Blessings and hugs to you
Stephanie/Joy of Baking inspired me to pursue baking! I love watching her videos and all her recipes! Now i have my own coffee/pastry shop! Named after my late father who i used to bake for🖤
Hello mam i m from india i like all ur receipes and ve baked sum they ve come out perfect.  In this receipe what can be added in place of golden syrup
I love this channel! I wish I had discovered it years ago.
Thank you so much for the videos.  Have you ever added coconut?
Thanks for your recipes you are perfect god bless your hands
delish!!!
I love your each and every banking dishes I love banking Thank you mam
I love you mam
Good
v detailed demonstration.thanks
What can I substitute rice cereal with? I'm from India and I dont know what they call rice cereal here.
Hi I love your channel. Can I use coconut oil instead the butter?
Watching you baking and tasting is really,encouraging me to bake, I really trust your recipes, because whenever I try one it just success.
Nice video, can i just use honey instead golden syrup?
I make this recipe every weekend, I Make 10 bars, that I eat as a snack during the workdays . I saved so much money, because I used to buy them from the store which cost me 4 times more than making it myself. The differences I make is using only honey, and cutting out the rice cereal. Also I use a mixture of hazelnuts and sunflower seeds. Tastes absolutely phenomenon
Can we use a 7×7 inch square pan instead of 9×9 square pan if we don't have it?
What is golden syrup?  I have never heard of it.  Thanks for the answer.  L Wiley
I made these and they wouldn't hold their shape even after letting them cool for 5 hours. They were delicious though and I just ate them as granola but I wonder how I can get them to hold their shape.
What is amazing and for the very first time from a American cook we get grams..What was left out of this video was the oven temp I expect that in C as well lol
can i use instant oat?
can I put corn flakes instead of rice cereal?
I love how detailed are the explanations. Really helpful for a cooking beginner like me. :)
If I don't melt the butter will it be more likely not to fall apart
If you put the chocolate chips in with the warm syrup mixture, doesn't it melt into the granola bars? what if you don't want melted chips in the overall mixture? should you wait until the syrup butter mixture cools entirely?
Hi Stephanie,  I can't find rolled oats in my country, just quick cooking and instant. When using quick cooking would the quantity or baking time change? Thank you!
love your tips.
Is there an alternative for rice crispy
what is golden syrup?
can i use date syrup instead of honey?
Help!  I have made the bars, and when I waited to cut them after they cooled off.  They fell apart into crumbs.  I used 2/3 cup honey, 2/3 cup of coconut oil, 1/3 cup of maple syrup and 1/2 cup of peanut butter............Did I use to much liquid?  I baked at 325 for 25 minutes.   Thank you for all that you do on your videos.
How many calories in a bar please?
:-) I used the pips I strained off when making raspberry jam
Hi, great recipe, how long do they last ? Thank you
can I use margarine instead of butter?
I have been following Stephanie's recipes for more than 6 years. I've learned many delicious stuff from this amazing woman  Thank you my baking Godmother
I just made them and they turned out to be awesome.. Much better than what we get in the market and a deep satisfaction as and when I take a bite of these bars cause I know all that is added to these bars are of good quality n I am eating a healthy stuff. Thanks a lot for sharing this recipe. You make baking easy and fun! :-)
Thank you! This video helps. And thank you for letting us how long it take for the bars to cool and store it. Some youtube videos fail to say it. Thanks!
You did not mention what tempeture to bake this in. Can you post that please
hi mam can I replace butter with d same amount of any flavorless oil? wil it affect d final outcome?
can i use pancake syrup instead of golden syrup
can i you use honey for golden syrup
Thanks..excellent tips and the added rice crispies sound a very tasty idea ...!!
I love making mine and your combination is great! I just made Anzac slice (uses similar ingredients ) but next time I'll  make these. Yum
What is GOLDEN syrup? Is that a corn syrup that is not clear?
i tried it yesterday but some how it does not hold togeter, wonder whats wrong?
nothing impresses me more than a woman who can cook
Thanks dear for this great recipe
Hi there thank you for this delicious recipies but I added 2tbs of chia seeds and 2tbls of flax seeds grounded and it turns to deep golden brown .The thik rolled sliced oats that time available was mixed with different nut...but I am waiting to cool and I am sure it is super yummy
Hi Stephanie, would it be ok if I left the golden syrup out and doubled the amount of honey instead? Also, could I leave out the butter too?
Hi there thank you for some great baking ideas. I like that you give metric measurements too as here in the UK we don't use cups but grams, litres etc. thanks Tina
Hi, Joy I want to ask do you have to bake them or is there another way ?
Will I have to bake it longer if I have an 8-inch pan?
Great video & recipe Stephanie. I do have a question, what is the shelf life of these bars and what is the best method (if any) for long term storage? Thanks and sub.
Stephanie always do great job
Can you do them without de butter? I'm on a low fat diet... so butter is kind of out of the question
Thank you so much your the best my family loved it 😀
I love your videos so much Stephanie :D I'll definitely be making these granola bars :)
Hi thanks for the lovely recipe. We don't get golden syrup here...instead can I substitute the same amount of normal white corn syrup?
can you also use only honey?
Is it possible to substitute the rice cereal with more rolled oats?
This is a wonderful demonstration! I saw 2 important hints I needed to make this recipe successful. First-mix this stuff thoroughly.  I thought I mixed it enough, but after watching you I realized I needed to do more.  Second- pat this stuff firmly into the pan.  By using wetted fingers I could feel where it wasn't packed tightly.  Results: perfect granola bars!  Thank you, Stephanie!
I love you...... because of you I have many awsum recipes in my hand ......stay blessed
I love you...... because of you I have many awsum recipes in my hand ......stay blessed
Hi Stephanie, I would like to make mine protein granola bars. I'm thinking maybe peanut butter, coconut oil and honey and almonds. Should I use the peanut butter and coconut oil instead of the butter? If so, how much peanut butter for this recipe? Thanks in advance :)
basically imagine blue delphiniums and bells of ireland flower colors
hey stephanie, what's the color of your blouse you're wearing? what you have on is our wedding colors. we have the green picked(ceylon is what they are calling it). it's a flat color. the blue color is a totaly different story. we've has a hard time with that blue color from linens to bows to saches for the dress. we looked at colbalt and royal blue but everything in that color has a sheen and that doesn't go with the flat green. we live in seattle and we are seahwaks fan. the color picking was a coincidence. lol.
Thanks for the reply. If keep in refrigerator how long will it last?
Thanks for the reply. If keep in refrigerator how long will it last?
Hi, may I know how long it can keep for if I seal them up in vacuum pack? As singapore is a high humidity place. Thanks
Hello stephanie i tried the granola bars recipe, it tastes great , but it didn't hold together for me! Any suggestions?!
Thanks for all the wonderful recipes. I have tried many of them and its been a great experience. My family and friends just loves it. Would you please share with us hummingbird cake recipe. Thank a lot.
I love all your recipes can you show a recipe for lemon mousse layer cake?
can i use quick oats ?
Thank you so much Stephanie, love this recipe!
Do you have or can you make a cannoli demonstration?
Hi I would like to try this but can I avoid rice crisps? Please let me know. Thank you Stephanie
I made your White Butter Cake last saturday. It was quite good. The flavor is so buttery and tasty. Right after the cake came out of the oven, it is so soft; however when i let it cool completely, it was no longer soft but harden a bit and harden even more when i store it in the fridge. Also, i think 1 cup of sugar for the cake base only and 2 cups of icing sugar in the frosting are too sweet. I wonders if the amount of sugar can be reduced and how to store a cake, any kind of cake to prevent it from becoming hard and dry.  I love all of your recipes, and hope to see a video for the White Butter Cake soon!!
merci  pour cette recette
Hi Stephanie :-)  I made the bars today but they didn't come out as bars they were all crumbly and didn't stick together at all.  It's the 2nd time I try to make granola bars and this happens I am not sure what I do wrong but I followed your directions and waited a few hours before cutting them.  The only thing different I made was substitute the flavour by using almonds and nuts :-)  It is still very good but to be eaten with a spoon instead of a bars.
I only have to look at these for a second and already I want to bake me a load!
very nice !!!
Great video cant wait to try this. However, could I just use honey and not golden syrup? Will it still work?
😍😍😍YUMM I LOVE CRUNCHY EATS WILL B MAKN THIS FOR ME AND MY PRINCESS👍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏
Yummmmm looks good
Who dislike? 6 problematics persons, kkkkkk my grammar is a suck
I loved
Can u add any fruit u would like or not add any?
This looks so good love what u make.
Hi, My nephew from Florida stayed with us for his Spring break. He is 14 and he says he never eats breakfast. However, he ate it every day here, because I made it for him. His dad said granola bars were too expensive to buy, so I made these just before he left to go home with and told him to make it himself. I replaced the chocolate with Butterscotch a I had no chocolate, used rice syrup and maple syrup and used craisins. Thanks so much. Maybe now he will have breakfast. Irene
Making these right now! :-)
Can i just use honey instead of both honey and syrup?
Can I use honey and maple syrup together ? Thx looks delicious :P Have to try it out
The more I watch Joy of Baking videos, the more I wish I had an oven. Stephanie makes her recipes look quite easy to do that I'd _probably_ be able to follow them. And whatever she makes look delicious... If only I had an oven...   I love granola bars, by the way...
We're do u live because based on your accent it sounds like you're from Canada
Love all your recipe with easy demonstration..
I just love you I will try to make them and i ll let you know.
Great ....
Great ....
That looks amazing!!
Great recipe will try this !
I wan to try this!! Thanks!!
Thank you for another great recipe. I can't wait to try it!
Thanks for this great video Stephanie, I've made granola bars in the past,.. some were too crumbly and some spot on.. this looks like a great guideline for me to follow. I love to add pumpkin seeds to mine. :)
very nice very nice, but haven't you done granola bars before is this a new better recipe or just as good as the last one.
awesome, so detailed and easy to follow. Thanks
Thank you for sharing all your recipes everything you make looks great!!
Hi Stephanie great video!!! I love your tutorials they are very helpful. I have a question that I sent on Facebook but did not get an answer to.  I made your pound cake recipe but I find it got too dry after it cooled. What controls the dryness or moisture in a cake? Is it the eggs?  Tia
