Liked and here's a one word comment... Plochman's.
came out looking very nice - has anyone tried using a pressure washer to age the exterior of the chest? ( blow away some of the softer wood with water pressure ) - I plan to make a treasure/hope chest out of cedar and thought I'd try putting my pressure washer to good use
The plans do not download? Any reason why
Amazing John wooden lock...
I don’t see the sketch up plans on the link given. Will you please guide me to them.
Very cool and creative chest, John. I'm rarely compelled to comment on YouTube but, I wanted to say, thanks for making this video. It was very informative, well executed and never dull or monotonous. Particularly impressive were the handmade accoutrements. I was left smiling when you described the components of the secret lid compartment. I've got a load of scraps and a yearning to learn & improve my woodworking skills. I'm going to make my own "John Heisz Rustic Treaure Box" starting tonight. Thanks for the free plans and especially for the great, inspiring video.   Sloppy Joe SLOPSHOP Woodwork & Kingcraft Overland Park, KS
this box has just four screws... yeah and thousands of nails :D :D :D
Great idea John, working on the 10th one I've made over the past few years, kids just love them!
Amazing job! I had a question about the secret compartment. I figure the stationary catch is attached in place with glue and screws...but how is the spring loaded catch kept in place so that it can slide back and forth but doesn't fall out?
Badass! I loved it ...   good job friend
Code the inside I mean color the inside
Thanks for sharing all of your video...  It's really helpful for me.. Love watching your videos..
Nice box, but terrible instructions
how do you figure the angle for the slats. I have watched plenty chest video's but nobody talks about finding that angle. I have made chest but what I always have to do is cut then test the angle, cut then check the angle again until I find the right angle. I waste wood and time by doing this but I can find a video that explains this ? Any help would be great,thank you.
Happy Anniversary! Nice one.
hi I have some question 1)Is it waterproof to get it out in the weather?2)Is it sturdy to hit any concert just in case if it gets broken ?
Thanks for the video,are your project for sale? would love to purchase a chest like the one in the video.
Great video. Why not just torch it when it's all together as opposed to every individual piece?
You're very talented. Thanks for sharing.
John, I thought I had already subscribed to your channel. I love the idea behind this treasure chest, and will definitely be checking out your write-up on it.
I want to try this so bad, but do not have the skill set yet or understand of a few things you did. maybe soon. Great work John
Wowww what an amazing box!
Very Nice John!
you sound like ramsey over time
wood locking system is excellent
did you hide some hacked governmental documents in the lid? lol!
piece of art!  great job!
Wow. Just wow.
Awesome John!
if you burn it more then wire brush it, you get a really nice finish
myy nigga
Wow. Great job!
Awesome craftsmanship
This is amazing and adorable! I love it so much. I was looking for something fun for my younger brother to put his things away but I might just make this version for myself. Thank you for the great video!
is that mustard
Excellent work, not only do I like the chest you made but I gained many ideas to incorporate into the small boxes I make to give my family and friends, thanks for your tutorial and ideas.
This is great job! I made this chest for my sister and she was really happy! You're my master!
thanks for the list of YouTubers , I subscribed to all of them!
Wonderfully done. I will have to try this! Thanks!
I'm  very impressed John!  Keep these amazing videos coming. .cheers!
i dont build anything, i dont have the equipment one day i will but i want to thank you for the very entertaining videos they are very fun to watch.
John Heisz great looking chest. I plan on trying to make a larger one out of some old pallets I came across. Would the project work roughly the same? This will be my first DIY project and entering the world of wood working.
it was cool, but a bonfire...
I have to say I was just expecting a typical box but when you unlocked it with a wooden key and I saw the solid face on the lid I was hooked line and sinker I knew what was fixing to happen. Therefore my good sir you have mad my jaw drop and I am very thankful for you sharing This video!! Keep on keepin on!!!
Very cool build
Seriously amazing work
JOHN!!!!!
Nice work!
How does your wood stay together with the mustard. JK
Incrivel
beautiful work
Cool!!
muito bom..
This is so beautiful. I love it, especially the secret compartment.:)
John I really like this one. I especially like your mechanism for the hidden compartment. Really nice!
I have a question: did you design the one-hand clamp that sitson your window? if so, do you have a video/ article about it? Or plans?Or if not, who made it?
Bellissimo!
Very nice project John.!
muy buena herramienta de afilado , felicitaciones
Nice project John Also you were going burn or use the scraps and you did both!
Nice job
love the design John - the light lining really compliments.
Me gusto el cofre
Мастер
Impressive use of scrap John. OK get a knob on that block plane.
love it John, always interesting, looks awesome and I like that its all made out of wood
Great project. The false lid was a nice touch.
beautiful work
Very nice project John! I love the lock mechanism and the secret compartment. Thanks for sharing.
I will be making one of these if not two or more.  Great design.
Nice job on that chest. I have always that there is no scrap wood in my shop, just smaller projects waiting to be created.
Looks Great !!
Very impressive. Love that the key and secret compartment mechanism is make out of wood.
This is a delightful little box. Thanks for posting that vid.  I really need to get a compressor.
Ur a f....n genious...Einstein of woodworking
Great use of scrap and think would also be a good project for my kids after the pieces are cut. Well done
wunderschön !
very good  gr uit belgie
JOHN TUS TRABAJOS LA VERDAD QUE SON ESPECTACULARES E VISTO TODOS TUS VIDEOS ME GUSTARIA SI LOS PODRIAS SUBTITULAS AL CASTELLANO ALGUN DIA DESDE YA TE MANDO MUCHAS GRACIAS DESDE ARGENTINA MAXIMILIANO!!!
I really dig that lock mechanism, great job John
Very nice John. I still like that scorched look.
Nice job as usual John.  Curious though, why you wouldn't scorch the wood once the box is completely made, before stain?  It seems like an obvious and much quicker way, so there must be a good reason to not do it this way.  I just can't think of why.  Thanks for all the videos.
Very ingenious.  Like it!  JimE
Not so secret anymore, is it?
Nice project, John and thanks for all the links.  Most of these folks I am not familiar with but soon will be.
looks amazing i really liked
COOL .... really really nice job
the box is a treasure
This is a fucking beautiful project box. I love how it looks rustic on the outside but clear on the inside. And not to forget the hidden compartment on the top.
Ingenious and entertaining as always John. Good stuff!
Very cool box John! I love the simplicity of this project all around. Well done!  Brian
so inspiring. very unique project.
Very cool idea
That is excellent...!! Love it... Cheers...
Beautiful work John! Love the little lock, so glad the box had a mind of its own and lead you down the path to making all the extra details!
Sweet project John!  Love the little additions, great engineering & design.
Very cool john.  Love your work!
John, if you want a more natural rustic finish, sand up the chest after scorching, sand it up a little, and treat it with boiled linseed oil. Tried in on many of my projects and looks great.
Nice!
great project John verey nice
Very clever box John, I have been making them since 1976 now I wish I made vids! I enjoy your channel and am a faithful sub. Thanks!
John this is my favorite box out of all the woodworkers have made for this contest! good job! almost as good as the one I made last year ;D
the lock was awesome
Very cool project John.
You made a mildly interesting project into an amazing project. Way to go the extra mile.
Great John, I will name it the FBI box☺☺☺
Great looking box! Love all of the details. I have one observation, maybe I'm wrong. The lid that covers secret compartment will expand making the opening impossible? Thanks John for sharing!
Cool project John ... love the secret compartment Colin
Amazing!!!
Great project John and I even had fun watching. I always enjoy your videos especially when you narrate them. That secret compartment was cool. Your wooden K-clamp, how does it compare to the Bessy? Would it clamp with at least 1/2 the strength? If you feel it does then I am going to make 4 each of 24", 36," and 60". Thank again for sharing.
Cool project John.
Great stuff, John.  Looks like a good project for my grandson and I.  I have plenty of scraps lying around.
John, as usual, very inspiring and well thought out.  I'm always impressed with how you engineer your projects.  The lid compartment is great!
¡Great work! thanks for sharing.
Great project and thanks for all the links to the other wood workers!
Really looks like a fun project
Man that is a lot of extra detail with the lining, lock, hidden storage.  Nice work.
very cool, I need to make one a lot smaller I only have $2.00 to store. LOL Nice job
I love the secret stash spot.
Very awesome work....gives me an idea to build one or two now. My Granddaughter has asked me to make her a jewelry box I think this would work great.
Nice chest John!  The key lock and hidden compartment mechanism are awesome!  The 70's called and they want their page back.  LOL, my sawdust art reminds me of the 70s too.
THANKS JOHN GOOD IDEAS
Very Good (excelente);
That's probably one of the coolest things you've ever done! I can believe how well that turned out and it was all from scrap!
I like this format much better than the ones with music.  Nice work.
The clamps are so cute! They look like from Minecraft xD
Now that is the best I've seen in a long time. Great job John.
Just visited the link....darn it. I'm going to have a go at this !!  not sure if mine will have a lock and key though !!!!! Lovely Box
The hidden space is just an amazing idea.
Brilliant vid. I was ok at the start.... yeah no problem "I could do this" until you got to the  "wooden key"  then you lost me. Way out of my league !!! and the spring catch bowled me over !!! that was just too much ! .....Great tips and ideas. Thank you. Subscribed
This. Is. Flippin'. COOL!  I have a pair of grand daughters who would each LOVE one of these. Thank you, John. You just designed their birthday gifts! Now to get out and make some sawdust...
Magnificent. Especially liked the extra touches with the wooden lock and hidden compartment. For such a thing I would highly recommend you to do a 3 part series or even more parts.
This is excellent John Heisz ! The hidden compartment locking mechanism is great! Will need to copy that for a gun cabinet my dad wants me to build.
I used the "fantastic"-word on Jack's build already, but... Fantastic! :)
A superb chest John, and packed with original ideas that we have come to expect from you, a master craftsman. Take care Mike
: 0 Oh my goodness. That is awesome John! Great job.
Wow, really cool box!
Excellent job John, I really like the secret compartment in the lid.
Awesome little chest and made outta scraps too. Thanks John.
Great! When I thought it was over you shown a secret spot! Love it!
Awesome! And more awesome! :) (because there is a secret).
That was a really great project John!
Very nicely done John, the hidden compartment was a great idea.
Enjoyed the video and the project, really showcased your creativity and talent
Cool me like
Awesome!
Over the top as usual John.  Really cool project.
That is real nice lol I'm going to try and build one to fill it with candy and put money on top thanks great video
I'm not convinced the compound curve of the lid looks good, but very nice. I was disappointed that this video ended.
I really like the lock and false lid.  Great video.
Nice!
Great place to store your oily rags.  Nice job John!
Aarrgh!  The devil's in the details, mate!  Very nice build!
That is a wonderful scrap bin project John,   Thank you for posting and for the inspiration.  Regards, Bob
Really neat box/chest. I like the hinge a lot, really simple, but he key takes the cake. :)
Excellent project.  I love the wooden spring mechanism so I'm going to see how I could incorporate it into a wood turning. Best Wishes, Brendan.
3:50 What's the butcher knife for? Ward off safety trolls?
Cool project.  Love the concealed area!
Very cool!
Cool chest and great collaboration between you guys. Now I have to pull out the snackbowl and enjoy all 20 entries. I really like the details in the lock and hidden compartement. Have a great weekend John
You just cant make something simple can you always making everyone else look bad :P i love it
Pretty cool. I like the hidden compartment.
Ver nice looking box!
Above and beyond, John.  Amazing amount of detail.  (so who organized this thing?  That is a huge list of youtube talent.)
Very beautiful thank u
Nice.
10/10!
Nice craftsmanship on the handles & locking mechanism
20/12 is my birthday, I want one of these. Thanks :P
Awesome! Excellent job :)
Very cool and informative project. Enjoyed all 9+ min. Have you seen the video of the Korean (or was it Japanese) woodworker using a flat iron to scorch the surface of a panel?
You even made a wooden key?! This is a great project John!
Excellent build!  I really like the Cedar lining and hidden compartment.
John, you should consider doing a multi-part video for things like this.  I wouldn't recommend a lengthy series where you have 4 sequential parts but rather do an initial video like this and then a video for each component that could be fairly short.
This can be improved to be and humidor for cigars. Cedar is already inside, on the top of box under " secret place" you can add sponge moisturiser and higrometer and voila! Pretty nice rustic and strong humidor for cigars.  PS: In this option it will be propably few times "more treasury" for potential client buyer:D
This is awesome! I love how well that turned out. I really might build this.
Good job.
Actually, at this moment i am doing a carving knife, indpired in yours, with a leftover piece of wood and a dull drill bit,  the drill bit is ready, i had the stupid idea of doing with a piece of Curupay, a very hard wood, hard to cut, hard to sand, now i´m finishing, if in two hours is not ready, i am going for pine.
Why Matthias Wandel, you and April Wilkerson uploaded video same time?﻿
