is the tape and acoustic sealant interchangeable?
Now  in. canada if your basement below. grade  the wall needed to be seal with foam board and no interior plastic
could you do the entire thing with just tape and no acoustical anywhere?
You make it look easy!  Thank you for clearly explaining everything. I was wondering if I should do the walls or ceiling first and you answered this as well! I am going to hang vapour barrier in my veranda tomorrow.  ☺️
Hi Shannon, If I have the electrical box wired and installed on the studs, do I pull the wire out to be able to run wrap the poly boot/box around the metal box? seems like too much work for me. Please help, thankyou
Why didn’t you put a bead on every stud? I do this on all my exterior walls when doing these sort of projects it’s not that much extra material and guarantee I don’t get air leaks at the staples
you are HIRED!
Thanks for your very helpful videos. Just the guidance I needed for my garage insulation.
what about if you have a normal, basic blue receptacle box?
thorough job! a real pro. thx
Only tip I would have is to run acoustical sealant along everywhere you have two plates or two studs layered together as those are like cracks in your wall and the acoustiseal will help for drafts and heat transfer there. Cheers!
Is it not vapor barriered from the other side joists? How would you air seal those?
Thanks
Acoustic sealant was created to ruin clothes and expand one's swearing vocabulary.  There, I said it.
Never use plastic anything under drywall in a basement. Unfaced fiberglass is good enough if foam boards are glued to the interiror foundation walls.
So if water of moisture comes in through the exterior wall, it's now trapped inside the wall?
BTW: blue tape for vapor barrier not red
So you can tape the barrier to the bottom rail instead of the caulking?
Must use a vapor barrier on the concrete side walls of a walkout basement prior to framing so there is a vapor barrier between the concrete and the frames walls?
👍👍🇨🇦✌️🇨🇦✌️🇨🇦👍✌️
Some good tips here…  I need to redo a small portion (knock on wood) of my full unfinished (walkout) basement vapor/insulation re-install that I did nearly 5 years ago.  Seems like I really needed to seal things up in one particularly bad corner, as my repeat of original install techinique (just staples) appears to have developed some surface mold (on the front side of the insulation (sides and backs are unaffected)).  (Why?  Maybe because I sealed the basement up a lot more elsewhere in the meantime as well, there were still lots of air leaks left (especially the windows) after I finished the re-install, but most of them gone now.)  Anyway that corner may very well look like Shannon's when I finish things up in the next couple weeks… hopefully 5 years later it will still look the same…
Thanks Shannon for the super helpful videos.  Gave me confidence in building an interior basement wall for the first time and insulating it :)
Excellent demonstration!  Thanks!
Couple of questions..  what is acoustical? Silicon sealant? Also what is the barrier on the ceiling and floor? Thanks
So to be clear: the insullation can go directly in contact with concrete foundation walls?
Thank you for this video. I am building the walls with windows on my porch. Question - do I need to install the vapor barrier? There is a concern about mold development once it is installed inside of the insulation material.
Hi Shannon. If i put gasket under the wall plate do i still need to seal it at the corner? Tnx
It's recommended that when you open your acoustical sealant you just go ahead and put a bead on your pants, your hand and your pillowcase since it's going to end up there anyway...
Only issue I see is you should use blue tuck tape.  While the red tape is a construction sheathing tape that is handy with sealing joints and insulation materials, the blue tape is manufactured specifically to seal PE-grade vapor barriers.
Trying to find the end of the tape was so accurate.
A water-dampened bar-rag, also sprayed with a couple spritzs of mineral spirits is your best friend with that black caulk. Additionally, applying some hand lotion that morning will help soften the skin, making it easier to wash off any sticky stuff later. I finally learned that after 25 years.
Hi Shannon, what is between the fiberglass insulation and foundation wall?
Man is there anyway i can contact you? I am about to start a project on my basement and need some advice before i start!
Hey question.. are we now using vapour retarders in canada instead of vapor barriors?
What did you put on the backside of this wall between the concrete and the insulation?
Thank you .
Thanks for this! Can you provide your link to vapour barrier on the floor joists? I ran my excess poly to the top, hoping to cut it and go between the joists, but not sure if I should continue with this idea.
If you are sealing walls and ceiling, would you use the acoustic seal on the wall and then just tape the poly from ceiling to the wall?
Basement walls not floated?
Can find these soft air tight electrical boots anywhere. The only place online wants $560 for a lot of 100 but I only need 20. Know anywhere I can get these? Thank you.
Why do you put acoustical sealant on the top?
Hey Shannon. Thanks for your content. How can I replace the VB on a flood reno. 2ft from floor. The drywall was cut and also cut VB. Any suggestions? Thx
Have an exposed exterior garage cement block wall that i wanna cover with vinyl siding. After throwing up furring strips and foam board, do i need a vapor barrier like this before i throw the siding up? Garage isnt attached or anything.
Thanks man. Needed a refresher.
Dude, thanks a bunch!
I love this.  Canadians (this guy is from Saskatchewan I think) have pretty good reason to insulate well and this guy is meticulous about getting the batts in correctly and the vapor barrier done right. Most Americans import their building standards from California and it's quite sloppy compared to this, lol.
Shouldn’t the framed wall have a u-shaped vapour barrier installed first, before nailing it to the concrete floor and then tape to it the wall vapour barrier?  Your way the bottom std will absorb the moisture ftom the concrete.
Watching other channels, there seems to be a big debate as to whether or not to place vapor barrier on ceilings (for attic above). Many guys are saying it’s a breeding ground for mold. I have no idea.
6mm poly we use in alberta
I accidentally drilled a small hole on an exterior wall while trying to put in some wall anchors to hang something.. would I now have to break open the drywall to seal that hole? Is a tiny 5/16 drill hole going to cause problems?
Would something like this work in a hot humid climate with air conditioning (detached garage build -- want to add a mini split and insulate). I am unsure if adding vapor barrier on the inside of the sheet rock would cause condensation behind the wall (hot humid outside, cool dry AC inside).  Should I forgo a vapor barrier entirely in this situation?
Whats the red tape called and can I get that at home depot or amazon?
What other caulk can i use? Cant find acoustical
where do you find the right acoustical sealant for vapor barriers?
You’re doing it wrong. Every stud needs vapor barrier. As you install drywall you’re going to put screws through the vapor barrier. Thats where the sealant stops moisture vapor infiltration.
I'm confused. I thought the vapor barrier was supposed to be installed against the concrete wall to prevent moisture in the wall cavity? One of your older videos shows installing poly against the concrete and then building the wall in front of thr poly?
Why isn't the gap you covered at 12:51 not insulated? Does that area matter?
Is that pressure treated bottom plates?
Ììimkoìoio
Use mask and globes, caulking is cancerigenous
Watched Aug 2022 and found that you cannot buy black acoustical caulk any more. What should I buy? (Excellent video!)
After creating this barrier with so much care for being air tight I don't understand why then the next step to put hundreds if not thousands of drywall screws right through the plastic into the joists. Can someone please explain why on earth this is considered code? Surely moisture seeps around the stud to penetrate around the screw.
Hi, great video! What about the holes that get maid by the staples, doesn't that effect the sealing of the wall?  Would it be beneficial to run tape over the studs after stapeling?
What do you use to seal the vapour barrier to concrete on a unfinished basement? Need to replace my insulation  but have not opened it up as I am not sure what to seal with it to the concrete
Been watching a few video's to help get my basement project rolling and this was easily the best. Thanks for the thorough and clear explanations, you were a huge help. :D
Guys! Follow the forums and ask away. It is a super helpful community!
Is this in a basement?
This guy is awesome but vapor barrier is the building industry's most contentious issue. I have remodelled 3 homes from the 1930s. They all had holes drilled in the t&g sheathing in every 14" wall cavity for venting. Tar paper on the exterior plus siding. The fir sheathing was amazingly preserved and the old growth  framing perfect. It is not energy efficient to rot homes from the inside out and rebuild every 40-50 years.
Hi @Shannon, is there any guidance on how to best install a vapor barrier where a shower surround has to be attached+glued to the studs? I'm afraid the plastic will allow the surround to slide around since it won't be glued directly to the studs. Thanks a ton!
17:00 Shannon should seal on himself... cause he's a stud.
Is this the wall you added the rigid insulation to the concrete wall
Stapler clips should ideally be sealed by PE adhesive tape or PE foil glue/sealant. 10 thousands of little double piercings make the foil less vapour resistant and less air tight.
do you need to use the acoustical caulk? can i vapor barrier without?
Is there a building code or functional reason why there should be an excess on the floor of about a feet away from the wall?
Sealing on your floor joist with big gap between insulation will cause frost around whole main floor if it gets cold.
Quick question! Are you supposed to put the seal caulking to the bottom of the track and the cement?
Please keep the videos coming Shannon you are the greatest and very professional no bull
What is the black stuff called also the brand that you use?
What is the Red tape called?   i totally did my plastic now I have to tear it all out thanks god its only 10x20
What is your recommendation for attachment if using metal framing vs wood? Thanks for the videos!
Don't use  this crap it a wast of time and money this is nuts
For the vapor barrier hanging on the floor, do you trim the extra vapor barrier before putting flooring to basement or it is recommended to leave it and overlap the flooring ?
Ya this is definitely my go to channel, he explains everything clearly. Glad i joined him
Great videos. I am wondering if the special vapour barrier boxes around the electrical outlets are code in Nova Scotia. Thank you for the clear instructions.
Holmes on Homes could not have explained it better. Thank You.
Hi you are working in Canada in which province.
Thx for this.  It’s been near 20 years since I worked in construction and needed a refresher to help finish up my mum’s house.
This video is absolutely excellent. I'm going to insulate a garage and it's my first time, and the detail this video goes into is very helpful. Small details like leaving slack in the corners to account for drywalling, and stapling the vinyl lower down to make the caulking easier are small things that make all the difference.
I used olive oil, sand, and blue dawn dishwashing liquid to clean off the acoustical caulk from my hands after a tube exploded.
Thanks for the video. Appreciate it
Watching these as we work. Great video, Shannon. We found Goo Be Gone also works to take off the acoustic sealant. Great for doors (oops), hands, tools, etc. Bonus, it leaves everything lemony fresh. Bad news is the Goo Be Gone did not work so well on my wife’s favourite fuzzy robe, when she walked into the still wet caulking gun, and didn’t notice for a while (the bigger oops). Off to the store for a new robe.
So if I am insulting a basement room and on the outside of the room there is no studded wall, just the bare concrete. Would I seal the gap between the end of the rooms wall and the concrete?
This channel is fantastic
Shannon can pass for put😂😂😂
Thanks Shannon, love your videos!
Great advice
I'm insulating my garage, and am ready to apply vapour barrier to the biggest wall. It's 25 feet ++ and 10 feet high. I'm doing it by myself, can I use multiple pieces of VB as long as I overlap a bit and of course tape it? Or does it have to be one continuous piece?
he is good for a person knowledgeable in this type of work....not for others  I am trying play this over and over just to see what is the glue and why he is using. etc   He is not clear on any of this.  Yes he knows his job, but not a teacher,..only a demo guy
Without a doubt this guy is the most knowledgeable and explains things out perfectly, than anyone else you will ever see!!👍
Great video Shannon. Question about the outlet boxes on a pre-existing build. If you want to put the membranes on the outlet boxes would it require disassembling the plugs from the wires? And if so, is there an alternative way to vapour barrier around the outlets?
Is taping the punctures of plastic really necessary? I mean you do have to screw in the dry wall after all. Wouldnt that puncture the plastic also?
You weren't kidding when you said this stuff is messy!
Do you have anything sealing the framed wall back to the concrete? On the window wall here, we see the concrete exposed between the joists. How do you create a vapor seal at that point?
how the hell do I remove acoustiseal!
Just curious, but you said if you were also doing the ceiling that you would do the walls first. Why do you prefer to do it in that order?
If you put staples in your plastic sheet you are making holes. The idea is to seal air and moisture out before putting up the drywall. Doesn’t all of the holes defeat that idea. Therefore shouldn’t you put red tuck tape over all of the staples to seal it.
Is AcoustiSeal required? I'm just looking at insulating my garage. I planned to just set up fiberglass and put vapor barrier over with tacks and that's it.
Your missing your blocking for drywall lol I know to late now lol
Hi, I am from Poland and I just finished a garden house for my wife. I started using bricks to about 1,5m high. It was hard work... I finished it in wood frame construction. Next year I am going to build a tiny holiday house 3,8m x 5m of course in wood framing construction. I must say that your films are very helpful. All the best for You!
what can you use in place of the acoustical caulk? Could you use black jack?
Does the insulation go against the bare cement wall?
Thanks so much Shannon for videos like this - I owe to you and one other YouTuber I was able to DIY my basement solely from your demonstrations. One rookie lesson learned - better to do vapour barrier before doing abutment walls and soffits. Trying to install my vapour barrier around all those studs was not fun but got er done. So easy to do flat straight walls free from other beams and connecting 2x4s. Won't miss handling the acoustical...got more handy with it as I went along but definitely a challenge.
I am presently doing insulation and the vapour barrier to my entire home with the help of my wife and 2 teenage kids. Thank you for this video, lots of helpful tips.
Excellent and logical approach for sealing in electrical box!!!  I'm going to use this on my shed.  Much, much easier adding a second vapour barrier behind to close the lip of it after on the main vapour barrier.  Just excellent.
AWSOME thank you
This time I will use Stodoys plans for this.
Do I vapor barrier the ceiling before the walls in my garage or does it matter?
Fantastic video. Thank you. Just now doing a bathroom so this is an immense help
I have engineered trusses for my basement ceiling. How do I get a proper seal with that.  Just going to the bottom of the joist seems like the moisture will come in from the ceiling
Lol I do this for a living and this video is too funny
Excellent demonstration and explanation! Thank you
Great video.  I really appreciate the close up and walkthrough of joining the outlet barrier to the vapour barrier.
WHAT A GREAT VIDEO; THANKS A MILLION
Is it ok to put up vapor/air barrier inside my Pennsylvania home garage?
Hi Shannon.. do you have to put barrier between the concrete and the frames and insulation?
I love this channel. Any time I need to know what to do next, or run into an issue I feel like you have it covered, and it looks like the correct way to do it.
How many mil is that plastic?
Great video Shannon. a question for you.... my basement is insulated on the outside portion of the concrete foundation wall, it is also vapor sealed on the outside. I take it that the warm side is on the outside and therefore I do not need a vapor barrier on the inside. Infact the building codes here allowed me to use untreated lumber on contact with the concrete. What’s your take on this? House is Minnesota...... similar to your weather.
Thanks man.
how would you work around plumbing? more specifically a drain line coming out of the wall for bathroom sink?
Just wondering if the vapor barrier poly could create condensation where it is overlapped?
Thank you!
I`m building a wine cellar in my home and would like to improve insulation. Do I need to place the vapor barrier first behind the studs or after I build the frame and fill up with fiberglass? Thanks a lot;
Good practical advice.
Very good attention to detail. But what about the holes caused by the drywall dude missing the studs when installed drywall lol.
Is there rigid foam underneath there? Or did you just frame and batt insulate for basement ? Thanks Shannon
Where do you get the vapor barrier??
Tape on the staples is a tight idea, son. Respect.
Isn’t this bad if water comes from outside .. because it’s trapped in the walls and can’t tell because of the plastic and now insulation and 2X4, is constantly wet ... is that a issue
what are the brand names of the poly plastic and acoustical caulk you are using?
Great video, thanks. Your video shows how to poly around an inside corner - how would you poly around an outside corner? I.e. around the framing for an overhead garage door track?
Is vapor barrier only for basements? I'm planning on insulating my garage. Would I need to do this?
Hi Shannon! How do you seal the bottom of a wall with wood and plywood on the floor?
paper houses.....very cheaply built plastic board and paper seriously
Is that faced or unfaced insulation?
Saludos
he sounds like bob ross
What brand acoustical caulk is used here?
I’m such a novice and was worried that I wouldn’t be able to follow this, but you’ve done such a great job explaining and demonstrating the process that I’m confident in my ability to seal my insulation now! Thanks so much!!!
Amazing work!  It's nice to see someone taking pride in their workmanship.
I used faced insulation should I still use poly?
I'm working on renovating my mudroom which is located between my garage and house. There is a ceiling and then a small attic space above the mudroom so am I correct in that I should install a vapor barrier to the ceiling below the insulation? Does it matter if the ceiling vapor barrier goes on the inside or the outside of the overlapping wall vapor barrier? TIA!
If you’re watching this, this bro isn’t trash, but he’s also not good. This technique is garbage and will make things a mess for you. He’s got the right idea, but this is a mess for your average person.
aim trying to figure out if i shouldn't use it in my basement i know in florida you cant use it it will destroy your house and in canada you have to use it aim in illinois do i need to us it house are not built around here with it
WoW. Talk about a timing:I am doing that in 2 days. And did a part yesterday but nothing as good . So... I am ripping it off. And will try to do it like that. I am just a little DIY guy but i thrive to do quality  work. So thank you very very much.
How do you attach it if using metal studs?
In my opinion. You shouldn't install the vapor barrier on the inside of the wall. It should be on the wall that is exterior. IE a block basement wall or concrete wall, that is caulked and sealed at every seam. The point is to prevent vapor/moisture/water from entering. The way this looks to be done, you're just protecting the drywall from mold and rot. The point is to protect the wood, insulation, and drywall. Seeing the way this is done, it's very clean and informative, but that moisture will get trapped with the insulation/electric/wood framing.
Important to note that in some climate conditions, you absolutely do not want an interior vapor barrier. Good video
I'm trying to figure out how much damage to the vapor barrier is done when they screw into the wood when dry walling ?
Proper way to do the receptacle! Nice job.
VB stops the warm air inside your house meeting the cold air in the wall cavity. If this isn’t done properly the two air temperatures meet and condense and start causing mildew, mould and rot.  Always install it on the warm side of the Insulations
I just did this and fuck that acoustical shit holy cow.
Could you use my house as an example , lost my husband need work
Poly should never be used in any climate where air conditioning is used to a significant degree. moisture will diffuse through the wall from the outside, condense on the outside of the poly and potentially rot the walls. Poly is only recommended in climate zones 6 and above.
Really enjoy your vids brother! Great easy to understand advice!!!!
Hey shannon ur tips were  very useful for my vapor barrier. I find I wont ever install vapour barrier without that acousti-seal. It helps when you're doing it by yourself . Thanks  again !
Which climate zone are you usually working in in Canada?
Hi Shannon. how would you seal the vapor barrier at the outside?
Are you putting the vapor barrier because you you use unfaced fiberglass batts and not faced fiberglass battsm It would have been good to explain this in your video, unless you explained it in another video.
Hi DiD u use 2 sheets of plastics?
Great vid, thank you!
nice
what do you need the acoustical for?
Thank you Shannon! You help us so much!
Great tips and tricks shown here. Going to put them to use tomorrow! THANKS!!!!
Have a question. Is vapor barrier necessary in hot humid weather with virtually nonexistent winter? This is have unfaced bats to be installed on brick/concrete walls.
Thanks Shannon, doing this stuff on my place now.
I'm making a soundproofing booth for mixing stuff. What acoustic sealant should I use?
Thanks for posting this
do I have to add a vapor barrier to all the walls and ceiling in my bathroom before I hang drywall or just the tub/shower area?
is it necessary to use Vapor Barrier if I insulating with foam?
Hello +HouseImprovements would we need the poly vapor barrier in the basement if we instal 2" XPS foam behind the studs? I have seen contradicting information regaridng this... Im in the NE US so i assume the climate is similar to yours...thjnks
“Taunt” I think he means “taught.”
love your video's Shannon. Was considering finishing my 60 yr old bsmt It's all concrete coated block. I just dont know where to start regulation wise
Can you use PL glue instead?
I think he said acusticle 100 times
How you insulate around the electrical panel in a basement ?
How do you Vapor Barrier if you have to end the wall for such things as a stove and leave the concrete wall bear for future brickwork
Hi Shannon. Using your videos I have constructed a small partition wall in my garage to section off for a small woodshop. I have insulated. And now I am ready to apply vapor barrier. I do not plan on putting up drywall. Maybe some plywood. Regarding vapor barrier. How thick of vapor barrier should I use. Thank you in advance.
I got a house with just wood siding on the exterior. Should I just put the fiberglass installation in the stud bays and then put the moisture barrier on the interior and call it good?
thanks . . very helpful . . from Scotland :)
Very nice videos. Just wondering, don't you need horizontal studs as well? For drywall hanging. Or there is no drywall that goes on this wall?
Two Thumbs up!!!
excellent video
THANKS !!!   Do I need to use a wrap on the exterior & interior ??
Is it recommended to use waterproofing paint on the concrete basement walls before this?
كان لطيفا جدا، سعيد لأنني شاهدت هذا قبل أن أبدأ بلدي العزل العمل. أنا أخطط للقيام بنفس الشيء. لديك سؤال، لدي مسمار وضعت وهناك حوالي 1 قدم الفجوة بين الجدار و مسمار، تحتاج اقتراحكم حول كيفية تناسب العزل، يمكنني استخدام نفس بخار الحاجز على جانبي مسمار؟ حقا نقدر مساعدتكم.
Hi Shannon.. do we do this vapour barrier in all the ceiling as well?? I am finishing my basement.
I wanted to ask if you would suggest installing a sub-floor first, then start to frame your outside walls as well as your partitions, this way you potentially avoid using pressure treated the concrete or vapor barrier under you 2×4. Your thoughts? Thank you.
I'm re-insulating my kitchen wall but the baseplate is below my installed tile floor... what's the best way to vapor seal that?
could you use something different from this acoustic sealant?
you do use insulation and vapor barrier in all the room and walls ...?
thanks a lot to you from northern china.
I had to fish new wires and cut into the dry wall and Vapor Barrier. I know I need to fire block all the holes. Should I patch the vapor barrier with another layer?
where can i order ACOUSTI-SEAL VAPOUR BARRIER & SOUND REDUCTION ADHESIVE and the tuck tape?  I been trying to find it, but only got canada websites, which dont ship to US.  Thank you.
After you've finished the caulking along the bottom do you cut off the excess poly that was hanging at the floor...looks like about 4-6 inches extra down there?
Shannon.  I purchased a home in Minnesota on the lake and the original owner had started to finish off the basement in the same manner that you are showing.  It is a block wall basement and 3/4" foam board against the wall and sealed with tyvek tape and then a 2x6" stud wall against that.  He had completed half of the basement with R-19 fiberglass batts and sheetrock, BUT had not installed a vapor barrier sheeting under the sheetrock.  I have been watching your videos and you advise to install a poly sheeting under the sheetrock.  I started to install foam board boxes around all of my electrical boxes to create a seal and purchased the recommended sealant like you use.  Now when i am just ready to complete and other local contractors are telling me that I will end up trapping moisture between the two vapor barriers and it will create a problem with mold and rot.  I am at a standstill get a good answer.  Even if I follow your video instructions, I will still have half of my basement without the poly sheeting because it is covered with sheetrock already and other constructed wall that wouldn't allow me to remove all of the sheetrock without major expense and work.    My basement is very dry and I have in-floor electric boiler heat so I see no dampness.   What do I do now?
Hi, we have a new house where the basement is not completed. The concrete walls are covered with 2 inch rigid pink foamboard. one wall has a combination of wood frame above the concrete wall and has fiberglass bat with poly sheeting over it.I want the wall to be straight to the ceiling.So from your videos I see you should frame the wall, install bat fiberglass and then cover  with poly for an air barrier. My question is the wood frame that is insulated and has poly over it ok to leave as is and have a 2-3 inch gap between it and the new frame that I am going to build?
do I still need too add the poly over the insulation like you are doing here if my basement is underground
Where do you get the vapor boxes? I have been unable to find them. Thanks.
You are installing in basement. Is 6mil plastic appropriate for living space exterior walls? Or should a lower mil be used?  I am insulating my kitchen.  Is Certainteed MemBrain better?
Shannon, another great video!  It's easy to find plenty of videos that covers the basics of construction, but what is really good about yours, is that you also include the the little tips and short cuts that really spead the learning process! I do have a question, why use accoustical caulk, instead of regular caulk? Thanks again.
N
Good example of best practices, Shannon. Thank you very much.
It was very nice, glad that i watched this before i start my insulation work.  I am planning to do the same.  Have a question, i have stud placed and there is about 1 ft gap between wall and stud,  need your suggestion on how to fit the insulation, can i use the same vapor barrier on both side of the stud?  Really appreciate your help.
Do you use a vapor barrier if you use Roxul insulation ?
glad i saw this vid right before installing interior panels
Do you only need the sealant  where the poly overlaps? Stapling is sufficient with a continuous piece?
I've watched several videos to help with an upcoming project and you are the only one who fully explains everything we need to know.  Keep it up :)
hello I watch all your videos and they are very helpful Shannon. I  have a question if my basement walls and floor never had any water damage do I still need to install a moisture barrier before my framing or would I be with just a vapor barrier and insulation? I live in New jersey by the way thanks
i live in Washington state do i need to put vapor varrier in my house????
I like the short blooper reel at the end.
Hi Shannon.  As always, another great video:)  Now by doing the Vapor barrier like you are here... Would you still need to run dehumidifiers???  Thanks.
hi shannon, what did you do at the windows with the poly?
what a canadian.  new doobt aboot it
Great video Shannon
Hey Shannon, watching your videos helped me out lots. Being a girl it's kinda hard to get local people to help me out, I already put in light fixtures, yay! Your awesome thanks :)
Great video.  Thanks. Baby oil works wonders in getting acoustical off most surfaces.
Hi Shannon, I was wondering if you could do a video on building a small cabin in a remote location. And I was wondering if you could film it on my property which is in a remote location. Essentially I'd like you to build my cabin. Would that be cool?
Thanks so much. After watching this I think I'll be able to tackle my basement.
we have a serious condensation in our little room what happened some say we are to tight?
What do you think about roxul batt for the attic?
Hi,I've found that releasing the pressure off the plunger on the caulking gun seems to help prevent the product from dripping out of the tube between uses..
Thank you for sharing this video on installing vapor barrier...This is a great help for us DIY folks..Appreciated
Excellent instructional video on vapour barrier.  I own a 1960's Australian weather board house, Aussie construction was weatherboard on outside and only install internal plasterboard only. I am starting a complete reno soon, room by room, should I install vapour barrier or just install wall insulation? It doesn't snow where I live but its gets down to -4º with very cold wind, during the winter and a dry heat during the summer.
It's always quite a task to separate the wall insulation away from both interior vipor and exterior moisture. :P
Very informative ! !
Another awesome vid. I've always insulated the side joist cavity and ran my barrier right against the insulation and to the subfloor. My thinking is that your way the floor above the cavity will be cold. Am I wasting time?
would this process work on a attached garage?
I've only ever seen vapour barriers on the _outside_ of the framing of external walls.  Wouldn't putting a vapour barrier on the _inside_ of the framing of an external wall simply prevent the framing from drying inwards, and encourage moist conditions around the framing?
