Thank you for this. Looking at your chain stitch you forgot to mention that the finger stitch is in the rolled hem position. I tested this method with the finger stitch both ways, but in the rolled hem position I get exactly your results. With the finger stitch forward the stitches are not so tight, and here and there threads from the raw edge of the material poke through the stitches.
I tried it. It takes a few tries then you get it. I have a husqvarna viking  s21.
Is there any way to do a coverstitch with the straight line near the edge of the hem?
Is lettuce edge and baby overlock the same ?
I see a couple of comments asking what the needle setting is but no response. What does the needle need to be set at?
Is the knife on or off when doing the lettuce hem?
Cant get the settings right for my singer 14u34
What setting did you have the needle at?
Will this work on the hem of a tee shirt?  Like a store bought shirt.  Thanks for this.  Glad I found this.  Great video.
How do you finish so it doesn’t unravel
How would you do a lettuce hem on a JUKI 654DE?  What settings would I have to have?
Thank you for this. I have the same serger. I was using my sewing machine to do the lettuce edge on chiffon. I had success using my serger per your instructions. I put the needle tension at 2 because chiffon is so thin. I like the way it turned out. Thanks so much for your help.
How can I make a lettuce hem on a Brother lock 1034DX? Very nice video, very helpful!
What settings should I use for the Brother 1034D serger?? I want to to a lettuce hem on a reversible dress so I’ll be gemming 2 pieces of fabric! Is that doable?
What is the needle tension setting?
Can you do video cover hem stitch  .  Thank you
I just bought my Brother 16340D and made some test, what happened at the end of my headband in circle, the knife cut and does not finish or link the thread, it's hard to see where the needle sewed when approaching the other side of the end of the headband. I had to unsew the circle, and do the lettuce on the straight headband, if the knife cut without sewing, I close/join  the headband in this defective area end where did not complete the lettuce thread. Is that because I did not do the sharp curve to finish while finishing.
I have a Singer Finishing touch how do I achieve this stitch
Mine is brother, I just bought it. Do you now what's the setting for mine to the lettuce. Appreciated.
I am looking for instructions for a Husqvarna 200S for lettuce edge
Hi sarah can i ask Why does the loopers have to be that high ???
I've got down how to do the lettuce edge; what I'm having trouble with are the corners.  How do I do nicely rolled lettuce edges on corners where they don't just look like 90 degree turns?
Do you remove the stitch finger for a lettuce edge?
Can please give a tutorial on using a beading foot
How would I do this if my machine does not have a differential dial?
which machine is this.. I know the brand.. want to buy such machine
Are you using 2 stitch 3 stitch or 4 stitch
Thank you!
That sounds great! They are awesome additions to the sewing room. Thank you for checking out our videos and if you need anything, feel free to leave us another message. In the meantime, the Overcast Foot mimic some of the features of a serger, just in case you want to check that out, too. Happy Sewing (or Serging!)
I don't have a serger (just a sewing machine) and didn't know what they fully did but your videos has been so helpful that I'm planning on going on your site and buy one. Thanks so much
Thank you! Unfortunately, I didn't make that one. I actually found it at Ross years ago.
i love your top.   did you make that? If so, what is the pattern?
The technique should be the same - just bring down your differential feed all the way down and manually stretch the fabric. It's just like a rolled hem, but with the differential feed down. Does your manual talk about lettuce edges?
How I can do a Lettuce Edge ij my machines? I have a Janome...
It's a nice little serger! Have you seen our rolled edge foot and blind hem foot for this serger? We also have a detailed video on how to thread it. More videos will be coming soon, anything in particular you want to learn?
