Can I drink this while pregnant?
She is so sweet will certainly try this tea.
😊😊 Thank  you very much  mam😊
What if I boil water and mix the seed
Putting boiling water in plastic containers releases toxins that are dangerous to health. Not to do.
Thank you!!!!
What a lovely lady!
I drink this for my appendicitis and honestly nothing has worked for it but this tea. I also makes shots of ginger, tumeric, garlic and lemon juice. I refuse to get surgery. I dont let it boil for 20 minutes though. I just let it boil for about 5 to 7minutes, Im scared that it might boil out all of the amazing nutrients it gives me.
She is so cute and sweet! This was very helpful!
I’ve been drinking fenugreek water/tea for about 5 days and oh my gosh my skin is looking crazy good.  I don’t have acne but I did want a better complexion and I just happened to notice a change.  I did ask my children did they notice anything and now my oldest wants to drink it.  We both also eat fenugreek sprouts that I make.  These seeds are amazing.
You forgot to remove the sticker in botton
your apron is lovely
will certainly try this tea
Very good 🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷
Wow thanks! I just got some fenugreek seeds and leaves.
It is BITTER!!!
A disgusting ingredient.
Give me those fenugreek seeds
Loved the video! Thank you!
One tbsp is good it thins blood but do not use in moderation it is potency can damage your liver
Thank you!!! You're awesome  :)
Is this tea good for pregnant woman as well ?
Simmer/ boil? Time?Soaking in room temperature over night ok?
awesome
Can you be specific, please.  Boil or simmer and for how long?
Great Video Toni, quick, easy and helpful.
I notice you are displaying a thin glass - is this cold tea?  Do you drink it cold or hot?
Thanks for sharing :-)
Come on lady you are making poison, why you are using plastic jug for hot water ...........HELLOOOOOOOO
How many cups a day of this tea does a person with bronchitis need to drink?
omg this is Ethiopian traditional tea thanks for remind me
Great video!!
