How did you bleed the gas down?
What about the excess gas that is still in the lines?  Does it need bled?
Anyone have a ball park estimate for a service like this ?
what about the regulator for the new stove? don’t need one
Shouldn't you have ran 1 inch up to the T where it goes down to the water heater? then you could have ran 3/4 to the stove.
What's the other way ??
Your augur bit is shot, haha
The emergency control valve does not have a handle? What if there is a gas leak?
Nice job Steve I could of done it better but nice job
Really good job!  Hard to find people like you.
Knowledgeable Video. Thanks a lot!!!!!!
Nice work.  Clean install.
I wish you would have explained what you were doing better.
Special leak detector
Nice stove, good job Steve.
You sound like the Godfather... lol! Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday... Nice work!
Recently added a 1/2” line for a stove for a friend. After I installed it, the pilot light kept going out on the water heater after a day or two of running. Thermocouple is fine, cleaned the burners etc. 1” main coming in, t’d off for the 1/2” stove line, and water heater line is 1/2”. Do I need to bump up the line that feeds the water heater to 3/4?
Hi.Were are you form?
Great job like all ways
Might be time for a  new pair of kicks my man!
Most gas lines I've seen come through the wall.
hi good job i have question before energize main valve is there any test
Can you use the test dial on the meter to test for leaks?
I have a dumb question. When you shut off the gas, isn't there still residual gas left in the lines in your house (to the water heater and furnace)? If you cut into the pipe to install a new line, aren't you draining the gas into your house?
You don't spray like that, you want a nice stream so when it on the pipe there are no bubbles, you want bubbles to come up where there are leaks. Open your choke on your spray bottle
hi. why do you don't use welding for gas piping ?
14:54 Lokki kivellä!
Great job
Hi i need to do a gas line from the meter on my sidewalk to the inside of the basement. Please let me know how can i do it myself...or i need a professional
Nice work....would be good to see how a leak shows up...another video?
Mr. Steven, How long did that take you to install? I always wonder how long things like that takes.
Easiest way getting that T installed? Splitting that line?
How much did you charge for that install? Looks like it took a bit threading your own pipe... gotta imagine its cheaper even with the time rather than buying pre-threaded? Nice video
Now you just need to adjust the burners by taking each knob off and using a small Flathead screwdriver and setting each one to the right mix. It also would have been great if you could have shown us the install of the black iron pipes, heck a montage would have been great as well. I hope you have learned more and that your videos have gotten better, You really have a good thing going here.
great video!
But, but you didn't show much, assembling the T on 1/2" feed to heta. Awh, man.
Yo Steve. U should really buy some new shoes or nice boots. Them shredded old prison shoes and Kmart socks need a re-vamp pronto. Love your vids other than that
Your pilot hole at :48 didn't leave enough wood for the threaded tip on the auger to bite so naturally it wasn't going to pull the bit through which is the main reason for liking auger bits. Back seat driving is easy but it didn't look like you caught what was happening.  Everything else was very nice work!
Is your tool Ridgid ?
I make faster holes with my milwaukee fuel 12v impact.
That's a nice fancy stove. Never seen one like that.
I sure would have liked to watch you actually install those pipes and do that tee.
I love that reamer!  Adult size!  You do beautiful work, experience shows.
Why no lock out on that gas shut-off valve!? Everythings fine and dandy with cutting corners until BOOOOOOOM!!! I know I know, you know what you're doing, it never changes, you guys never learn. boom after boom and still ... smh
we got a leaker mama
7:48 Pressure tests always make me anxious.
No bubbles no troubles Mamma
I have a question about the diameter of the outlet on the meter. It is currently 1" diameter. I will have somewhere about 90' of pipe from the meter to the furthest appliance. So I would like to attach a 1.5" pipe to the meter. Can you install a 1.5" diameter outlet on the gas meter with 1" outlet? From my understanding, attaching 1.5" pipe to the 1" outlet on the meter would create a bottle neck right there?  Thanks
Good job
That's fifteen minutes of my life I'll never get back. What a moron, no clue how to properly use tools. Oak isn't hard to drop if you do it right. End result was good but a hack job getting there. Hard to believe you're a professional.
Isn't their a gas detection device  you can use. I'm scared of the gas mama... 😯
Overall, good job.  First wipe off the excess pipe dope. It could conceal a leak. Leak test only a section at a time.  By time you check out all the joints the bubbles could be done. Use a flashlight and don’t forget to check in the back of the fittings.
Not sure if you know but that reg on the gas meter doesn’t seem like the best place to be installed... should have some more clearance below the vent in my opinion. Not sure if it’s even in line with code in your area..
Nice job!  How much was $ that?
Would you consider using a union In case there was a leak? You could work way back easier.
Ima li snimak kako seku pocinkovanu ili cev za gas testerom od 1 /2 " da je cev od 6 metara. Samo sečenje ručnom testerom
Ima li snimak kako seku pocinkovanu ili cev za gas testerom od 1 /2 " da je cev od 6 metara
Ima li snimak kako seku pocinkovanu ili cev za gas testerom od 1 /2 " da je cev od 6 metara
3/4 drop on a water heater ? it's a pv50
Steve , I know it's old video what is the name of special gas leak detector you use in this job ?
Great video brother. Just what I needed to see! 👍✌
Oak flooring is very hard, especially when it looks like the drill is in reverse, lol.
Haha the whites socks
Hey Steve, it probably wouldn't be a bad idea to check to see if the gas range is adjusted properly, sometimes the new ranges aren't adjusted quite right for the gas pressure in the building and it can cause excess CO.
well done, how much does that pipe threader you got cost? is there any cheaper methods to make thread for that gauge pipe?
Great Vid, Sounds like you're from Boston area, I thought I would see that sea-gull at the end turn to feathers .
you a bad man you know what your doing hands down
What would it cost roughly to have a gas line shut off valve  for a gas stove I presently have only a cap on it coming out of wall
Sorry to bother y'all but can we use the yellow tube/yellow RECTORSEAL Pipe Thread Sealant that has the red 5 on the label or do we need your white paste/brush stuff?  Running black iron pipe/nat gas to new stove location in our kitchen remodel.
Very informative.  After the gas is turned back on what is your procedure for the water heater and furnace as far as relighting or the pilot?  Do you turn off the valve to each one prior to turning off the main valve to the house ?
great video. if you can remember how far were you from the meter when you installed the 3/4" to 1/2" tee?
Great Job!
Hey there Steven, great video, thanks for sharing! I do have a question, if you don't mind...is a regulator required? Or are they usually built in to the stoves?
nice work Steve.
Hey Steve nice job you could've used a manometer in and done a lot quicker though
are u using a phone cam ?? amazing picture quality for a phone I think
another great job!!
gr8 video.what about the strapping of gas line?
great Vid, quick question are you required in your state to make a drip pocket before each appliance? Annnnd, what type of Fritz do you use what gives it the blue look? Thx.....B
Very nice job, and a nice gas range as well (I have the same one)
Great job Steve, I bet the homeowner's are happy they switched from electric to gas, much better !
Thanks for sharing.
That was a nice looking stove.
You could have used 1/2" csst instead of BI to save all that time a hassle. Couldn't you?
Very nice work!  This job is  a pleasure to look at, as hook ups for appliances  in my part of Canada are either done in soft copper or this jacketed flexible stainless shit they have out now..
good video Steve. we basically use the same setup when cutting more than a few runs of gas line. we got an older rigid motorized pipe threader/cutter that weighs about 175 lb's. what a bastard to load and unload. cuts and threads like butter tho.
That is one clear camera picture of the bird at the end of the video ! Great quality camera.
Excellent work Steve.
I hate setting stoves they can be such a pain in the ass . I see you didn't video sliding the stove in place lol. I don't care how many I do I always have a hard time getting everything lined up right.  Good job though.
Great job Steve. That was a nice stove. You did a Clean install on it.
I just put i lg mini split in April, I love it! Ducted for the upstairs bedrooms and non ducted for the lower 2 levels, so a 3 zone heat/ac system as well as my standard boiler heat. I wish I put it on the wall though instead of on the ground, didn't think of it at the time cuz it came with a base, now I gotta keep an eye on the snow around it.
whats your opinion on LG mini splits? do you recommend compared to other brands?
Interestingly, on Sunday I had to run gas pipe in the basement of the house that my boy just bought. He needed help carrying his washer and dryer down the steps. Then he asked me if I would hook up his dryer. One look at what was there and I said No Way. Nothing but one 15' long chunk of 3/8" copper tubing coming off a tee where the stove hooked up. The compression fitting where the tubing connected to the tee fell right out the moment I loosened the nut. It now has 1/2" black pipe running to the dryer with a good flex pipe for gas, as it should be. I don't know how that house didn't blow up on the previous owner, the compression fitting was sealing nothing.
nice stove
What kind of pipe dope is that
Nice install, Steve. Got that same stove this summer, except it's white. Good stove.
That was a nice stove. Good job. Thanks for the video.
It's up now
Quality installation Steven!!! The weather is getting better in our neighborhood! I could take "75 and dry" 365 days a year!!!
Nice work Steve !!!!
Sorry that was yesterday im uploaded one from the job site today. It should be done in a few minutes
How come you don't use copper for gas? In the UK it's used (although there are some old galv pipes still in use).
yeah that's the baby mama!!!!
I did a test run today with a go pro I'm gonna try to put it up would you watch it
hi steve in america do not have to do a tightness test,gas rate, purge and relight and check working pressure when installing a new appliance. its a must the uk.
I am new Subscriber.  Can you do a coffee chat on how you got into the business?  Did you go to school for Plumbing and HVAC ?  You sure know a lot.  I like your videos.
Good stuff, Steve !  Thumbs up.
Bad cough at 3:47, do you have pneumonia? Don't worry, a quick rest and you'll be fine in 2 hours. lol
Steve, Sounds like you got the Clinton cough. LOL
Great work, as usual, Steve.  Heard Baby barking in the background.
