Am I the only person that cooks both sides of both pieces of bread ? I put Italian sausage on my latest grilled cheese and came out really crispy. Thanks for all of your ideas.
wheres the "oozing" cheese 😂
Grilled cheese sandwich served with ketchup dipping sauce...  WTF?   Coulda gone my whole life without knowing that was a thing.
Aren't you the one who used to run that channel named "guinea fowl TV" some 7-8 years back?  If yes, then why did you stop sharing with us those clips of pearl grey guineas??  Your reply awaited!!!
Dear god, his wife has an even soothing-er voice!
I used mayo xD
I gotta strange feeling she sounds fat
ozzzzzing
freakin kiddin me  i did this as a kid, what a joke!!!!! lmao
Sooo thanks for a burnt sandwich cuz that's what I got
"A little bit of ketchup" *adds giant glob of ketchup to plate*
Thnx
its burnt
yeah
ketchup with grilled cheese we use ketchup for a lot of things but not grilled cheese sandwiches
You'r voice relaxes me :P
In Poland many people eat tost with ketchup. It's almost a tradition :)
Honestly her voice put me in a weird position and i hate her voice
lmao i literally fell of my chair reading this comment HAHAHHA
PS: This is toast, not bread. Bread is brown. I mean REAL bread.
Sponsored by product placement.
Wait, ketchup or RANCH with a grilled cheese?  Hell no! It's a grilled cheese sandwich.
fuck margarine, if I'm gonna kill myself with cheese and grease, I'm using real butter.
That's fucking nasty lol you burt it and then you eat it with ketchup? Ewww and just sayying most people know how to make grilled cheese next time you should teach me how to make mac and cheese c:
you burnt the fucking shit out of that shit if u were my mom id fucking kick u out of the house ur fucking crazy
WDF Ketchup Get Yo Wiz Biz Ass Outa Here SandNigga xD
but thats not how you really make it..... thats how you burn the shit out of the bread...
honestly dont know why this is so funny to me
fucking amateur.
tf is this?
why? the only difference is, you waste some butter by putting it on the pan.
lol haha the grilled cheese is a lie
instead of applying butter on the bread u can also try melting butter in the pan and then putting the bread in that melting butter...just try it  :)
i like  mine with tomato soup yummm
It looks burnt to me.
nice i should try it
i know how to make it myself one time my parents wasnt home and aonly my 18 yearold uncle was with me and i made him one and he was in the room and i did it by meyself check my chanel and check out my video and please suscribe
eww y ketchup
Margarine? American cheese? What the fuck?
that's a lot of ketchup!
nice you can also try putting a layer of ketchup and butter in between the breads
A "LITTLE BIT" OF KETCHUP? WTF
.l.
Thanks Helped ALOT : D
She should really think about doing voice acting...
"Jalapeño" is pronounced more like "hah-lah-PAIN-yo".
1:18 = awesome
....repeat the process
Sorry but I looked up a few other videos and they said ONLY to use sharp cheddar cheese and it also looks like you're using wheat bread and they said to use white, though if you aren't my bad. ._.
'bone' appetit?
How do you make two? Because one doesn't fill me :,(------
pickles dog, pickles! not ketchup
Thanks for showing me how to make a grilled cheese in only a few minutes! The last time I made one it took me the whole fucking weekend.
HAHAHA! I was just about to make the same comment.
"be creative, get crazy"
Ketchup with grilled cheese?? Whuuuttt?
i will try this.it better works.tell u the truth i never have grill cheese sandwich. is just 2 breads over  cheeseeeeeeeeeeee
what a creeper voice. that grilled cheese looks like shit. you exaggerated the parkay butter. it kinda sounded weird. "maaaake suure you cover the whole peice of bread." yes very nicely O_O
Why do people hate your videos?
I hate your vids fuck off!
@GetOwnedBrah same!
JalePEEno? Its JalaPENYO :/
Instead of butter or margarine, spread a little bit of Mayo on it, delish!!
@BadGirlsVoodooVixen How do you know, have you tried Ketchup or Ranch Dressing.
"Get creative, Get crazy!" This trick sounds like she shot up some H before the video. LMFAO!
Can you use butter instead of margarine?
Fckn gross, but it is good with ketchup ., tasty ;p
OCD much...
Ketchup? Seriously?
@TacoLamb1 hahaha yeah ! xD
@ADbaby does it make u wanna kick babies?
You sound like that lady in hypnotizing videos. :|
I think she was trying to substitute tomato soup..?
@AustinSalgat  lol i'm sorry but wheat bread, american cheese and ketchup sounds pretty gross :p
CONDOM-ents
Leave her alone already...
this sucks..
Also can put the kerry ketchup, ham and cheese between it, make the tosti and after it's done cover it with egg mayo.
You need to cover it with bread both sides before you put it in the pan and flip it over. Also need to put some sliced ham between it and don't use ketchup, but kerry ketchup sauce.
I cannot get over the unnecessary turning once she flipped the bread over.
Ketchup?? you want some grilled cheese with that ketchup
Wow...is this a joke video??  This is exactly how NOT to make a grilled cheese! Wrong bread, wrong cheese and Parkay?  Ew! MUST use white bread, maybe even a bakery sour dough, good sharp SHREDDED cheddar, and ONLY BUTTER.
She said a little bit of ketchup right? Lmao
what kind of butter u use?
@lolperlol1  lmao where is he now
This is the creepiest thing ever
it burns!! Mine is black....coal black
What the fuck!>
2:06  thats a "little" bit of ketchup
@grandtheftauto1233 LOL
who the fuck uses margarine   and   yeah  two slices eh !?
you mean : How to make a crispy, fat, piece of shit fast
thats not brown!!THATS BLACK!!!
Number one, you cannot BUTTER bread with chemical laden margarine. GROSS.
Immediately thumbs down for this video after i saw wheat bread.
omg thank yu so much this is very good
Sounds like a white female version of Cleveland lol
the voice... is... HORRIBLE.
why did i watch this
Her voice sounds so DEAD.-_-
Kraft is the worst. and that bread looks rather burnt. But to each their own
Woot, now I know what to make for lunch
Why the fuck use crappy processed cheese?
ok am i the only one who left my ass of at beginning.
doesnt look yumm to me.. anyway check out chef johns inside out sandwich hahaha, this woman is so going to hate me rofl w/e make better vids ok
@Twiggy286 ketchup is actually REALLY good with it
@Twiggy286 Ketchup is boss on grilled cheese dude try it
If i dont eat it, will she kill me?
i just made it nd it is odeee good but i didnt use ketchup but were out of bread :( nd i wanna make another best sandwhich i ever made thnxs next vid show how to make a delicious sub
GIVE ME UR ADRESS UR GONNA MAKE TAT SANDWHICH 4 ME WITHOUT KETCHUP lol dnt get creeped out by this comment only playing
@Twiggy286 its quite good
Not enough butter, not enough cheese
not enough butter :D
dam nigga thats a lot of cheese!
OMG!! You just grabbed for a piece of bread that was laying in a burning hot skillet with your bare hands! Sure you could do that again and again but you will eventually make a mistake and burn the hell out of your self! What kind of unsafe stuff are you trying to push on kids here?!!! OMG! Do you want kids to burn themselves?! They do watch these videos ya know! Geeze lady!
who the fuck puts condiments on grilled cheese
You guys are picky negative people.  Sheesh.
This is a great instructional video but people, keep in mind, this does not work on store brand cheap bread...
OmG you eat your Grilled cheese with Ketchup tooO!
DAMNET! NOW I'M HUNGRY AND I HAVE NO BREAD.
Ewww Ketchup????
@boomboom23 Yes! I used diarrhea!
Can I really use any other kind of condiment?!
doesnt looks tasty.
lol this was uploaded on my bday :)
Ketchup ._. lol im gonna try that
no meat???
@frankster262 fine then :(
@frankster262 make me some too!
get out ur non stick sckillet cuz were making crispy grilled cheese sandwiches today
this is weird... and she uses a lot of ketchup!
:20 i was so lost T.T
THIS IS SO AWKWARD
oh god, people really eat this shit?
she sounds so sarcastic
My two and a half yr old grandson loves grilled cheese but it the waiting part that he doesn't like. Why I never thought of this method is beyond me but I'm glad this lady did. It cuts the cooking time for hungry kids. Bravo
burnt!!!!
@resrevr Yes, but a lot of people are old school. :)
@brtshstel you can also put jalapeno peppers under the bread and grill a few small peppers for a little spice
Now make a video when you actually make a grilled cheese sandwhich.
@Blueball0120 Haha sorry.I always hear about grilled cheese on american shows so I looked it up on youtube and it kind of looks exactly like a cheese toasty
@resrevr This is how grilled cheese sandwiches are made. Not sandwich pressed. It bread,butter and cheese.
Don't americans have sandwich presses?
@PurplebuzzHD lmfao! :P
ITS BURNT
fat americans
O_O MAAAKKKEE GRILLLEEED CHEEESEEEE! YOUU LLLOOVEEE GRILLLED CHEESSEE @_@
Look at that ooooozing melted cheeeeese .... its ready to serve
Wrap it in bacon
Omg she sound so weird
Instead of magarine I used I can't believe it's not butter and it came out good
@crazycoconut1234  I am laughing my fucking ass off, it becomes more apparent at about the minute mark. you made my night man
haha ill try ketchup with it tmr morning
gay video
@kwikshowmehow2 i use just as much ketchup :D
ketchup is the shit, good vid yo
oh god that hit the spot.. thanks
@ghholmess  Lol, well hey, we don't name the names of the things we cook or make, we just go by what someone else names them! :-)
@ghholmess  Why you hate on Americans? Lol, are we bugging you?
best recipe for a grilled cheese: 2 slices of american cheese, put it on buttered bread and then take the non cooked sandwich and boil it at 212 degrees farenheit in flaming hot diarrhea
the voice is kinda creepy monotone...
i kinda loled when i saw this video...
@martygoose its better than your pathetic effort
@redhotsuperskunk Fucking hell. Loser.
cool way of doing it lol, i certainly gets the brain ticking away , jharlsberg and jonbon ham springs to mind mmmmmmmm
this is the most american recipe i have ever heard
I have that kind of butter. :P
@SuperbSwine does this mean we can't be facebook friends?
@stooge81 way to try to tell everyone how to eat food stooge81. Please bring me your diploma otherwise shut the fuck up and hide under your bridge you troll
Between the liquid margarine and individually wrapped "cheese FOOD" slices, that sandwich is only one ingredient away from being legally classified as plastic by the FDA. In any event, we all thank you for your efforts. Three thumbs up.
i like plain grilled cheese
Why not just use a toaster?
umm, let's set our plate over a burner after using it
Im so hungry right now.  OM NOM NOM
Ketchup with grilled cheese sandwich?? Ewww
@brtshstel hell yeah i love doing that
@kwikshowmehow2  How original, I feel so greedy adding a slice of ham onto a grilled cheese.  I have a crazy idea but I'm on a wild streak this week. Tomato soup? oooooh
Jeezus alot of ketchup lol
Stay away from parkay and other conagra foods. Oh oh spagettios!
WTF KETCHUP ??
@brtshstel Fantastic idea! Maybe add turkey to that list too.
Fantastic idea! Maybe add turkey to that list too.
for added effect, add a slice of ham on top of that cheese
THAT is not a little bit of ketchup :O
Hey.  please post more videos as such. i will help me have make food in my appt  before i run to class. thanks
"H(J)alepino jack"
Good looking sandwich!!!!
@SuperEpicWin - lol, Congratulations! You have just arrived in my quote collection!
@Sylscast  - - Okay, so I love ketchup.
That's a "little bit" of ketchup?
I like real butter, good cheese and white bread.. taste more like a..grilled cheese(: haha oh and i like my cheese melted.
nope it didnt :D
nope, she completely missed the point. grilled cheese is all about the gooey melted cheese. this is just burned bread with cheese
Wow... People actually need a recipe to make this?
haha true that her voice is creepy but it sounds like shes doing a commercial like shes trying to sell her grill cheese
Use medium to high heat. Turn the sandwich as necessary to prevent burning - but you do want that nice golden brown.
thats a fuck up right dere dis bitch dnt know how to grill cheese like we do in Georgia!
LOL, right you are.
Thanks, know I know how to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
ha a little bit of ketchap...
Adding a few thin dill pickle slices is one of my favorite things to add.
i lol'd
Wait a minute, it's not "grilled cheese" if it's not grilled.
This guy's voice is hilarious
im hungry now!!! not in a few mintues
I can't believe I just watched this video instead of doing my homework.  I should be smacked.
what the fuck. what wrong with you
yay i learned something today ^-^
hmm maybe I just do it differently but I make grilled cheese by grilling the whole sandwich not grilling all the pieces separate then assembling them
who fuck put ketchup on grilled cheese
I slice up jalepenos and onions and spread it on top of the cheese.
What tempurature tho?
That looks like it would taste good. SO SHUT THE FUCK UP
haha
WTF?! soo much ketchup
stupid......its BON APPÉTIT NOT BONE APPÉTIT
ketchup for GRILLED CHEESE?! WTF?!
fuck all u ketchup haterz ketchup is awsome!!! i LOVE KETCHUP!!!!!!! ketchup pwns mustard!!!!!
yukkkkkkk KETCHUP!!
I just set it on HIGH, cooked in like under a minute.
Holy balls enough ketchup?
ketchup???
ok yes now i know how to make this
