For more bike repair videos hit the subscribe button 🛑 and click the notification bell ► http://bit.ly/SubRJTheBikeGuy
Where did you get the spacers?
For anyone looking for the spacers he used, look up single speed or bmx freewheel spacers.  The bearing cups in the English/Euro bb are the same size and thread as a standard 16T or larger single speed freewheel (1.37" x 24 tpi).
Nice slippers ese! We  love u incali thank you God bless! -Blazdnconfuzd
What is the inner diameter of the BB shell?  I have a BB shell with inner diameter 40mm and can't find a suitable adapter. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
Great video but what's the advantage of changing the crank to a three-piece? Cheers Graham
Oh my my!! I have the exact same bike and have been struggling to update the crankset!! You are a life saver. Now is there a possible way I could get proper adapter info. I’m searching and I’m finding American to euro mainly.
Had to surf in to re-watch for fun!
How did you get your Dremel or grind marks perfect on those adapters. It’s like a straight line all the way around it.
I'm a little confused. I'm no expert, but isn't the right side of the spindle with the sprocket supposed to be right hand thread and the left side of the crank, the non-drive side, supposed to be left hand thread?? If I was a betting man I would swear you installed the new spindle backwards. 🤔
I know this 9 years old, but I just picked up the game exact bike  and color! Want to convert it. Thank you!
Bloody brilliant Edit: Received all my parts today. Got lucky as hell guessing the size of the BB. Following your video, I was able to do the job myself. Thanks dude!!! Really
Second thought -  To clean out the bottom bracket use 2 or 3 layers of Scotch Brite on the end of a bolt (held on with 2 nuts) without a head in a drill motor to run it back and forth in the bracket to remove any rust or hardened grease - then something to prevent future rust.
I guess my question is why convert them?  A second question is are all the "American" bottom brackets the same size?
Really nice video
Thanks!
Превосходно  -- браво .
Hi @RJTheBikeGuy!  The thumbnail for this video appears on Google and links to a different video on a different YouTube channel.  If you Google, "what's the difference between 3 piece crankset and 2 piece" and go to images, the 4th image is your thumbnail.  However it links to someone's else's video.  Thought you should know.
Hope this message finds you well. I own one of the newly manufactured Schwinn Stingray bicycles. I am looking into doing two upgrades, namely installing a gear hub (a Shimano Nexus 8-Speed, for example) and replacing the bottom bracket with a modern component. Regarding the second upgrade, I have learnt a lot from your video. Thank you so much for that. I would just like to know what size BB I need to install on the bike if I go for the cartridge type, whether you can name a specific brand, whether I can use a hollow axle, whether Hollowtech 1 and 2 are among my crankset options, and whether my proposed BB upgrade would have consequences for my plan to install a gear hub. (BB shell is the 68 mm type as far as I can tell. It is a single-speed bike with a coaster brake.) Best regards from Ankara, Turkey
Awsome , exactly what I needed ! Thanks a bunch . Cheers from downunder 😃
Ashtabula did make those one piece cranks for Schwinn, and they were excellent, Very strong. I used them in BMX way back when, However, while Ross and Huffy did use one piece cranks (lower end models on Ross, most for Huffy) the Ross cranks were made by Wald. OK for their intended purpose, but not as good as the "Schwinn Approved" Ashtabulas. Schwinn cranks had a proprietary thread (28 tpi vs. standard 24 tpi IIRC). Huffy used some other brand that had a weird curve to them, and were a lot thinner and weaker. Removal and installation remained the same.
Thanks so much for the help! I bought a beautiful 3 piece crank and sprocket but unbeknownst to me the inner diameter of the BB is far larger than the included threaded and sealed bearings so I ended up purchasing a conversion axle which is the same setup as a one piece crank but has a straight axle pressed in and ran through so you can attach and square hole crank arms. I prefer your mother although $30 more it allows you to use a variety more of cranks and better quality!
That’s awesome! There is hope after all. Thanks!
Years ago the single piece crank arm of my 1971 Crescent VM Racer broke, thanks to my giant quads 😂. It's a beautiful bike, all original, but sitting in disrepair for nearly 20 years, and 20 years more before it came into my possession. This video has given me a glimmer of hope to someday repair and bring the old goat into the next millennium. So, thank you. However, there's a twist so I'm posting here for others: while it had the Ashtabula single piece crank arm, the bottom bracket was French threaded, not press-in. In this case the fix is to get a French threaded bottom bracket (or Italian, or whatever yours happens to be, as this is the period when manufacturers started switching to three-piece cranks but things hadn't fully standardized). Make sure you get the spindle length needed for your drivetrain. This is a bit more complicated because you won't be able to reference the crank arm offset, since the original was a one-piece. So you'll need to have a set of crank arms and figure out (guess! If you have a spare square spindle BB, this is a lot easier) how much of the spindle they'll engage, and then account for however many chain rings (and spacers, if needed). And again, you'll need a different set of chain rings because the old ones won't work. With the crank arms and chainrings sorted, measure for spindle length, and this should also dial in the chain line. It's complicated. But at least now there's a path forward where before there wasn't.
Much respect to a man who changes out a bottom bracket in his Homer Simpson slippers.  Absolutely here for this!  Thank you!
From a piece of shite to a proper crank and pedals!
Why would anyone want a 3 piece crank??  Not me.
nice conversion I will do this one of my 50‘s frame cruiser
Sadly, this page does not allow me to save this video in a list. I want to watch it again a few times over the course of modifying my bottom bracket.
Thanks for making bike vids with detailed parts and instructions!!! Your awesome
I have an old 2004 casino cycle that I am replacing the one piece with a three piece crank. It looks like it’s going to take a 68 mm bottom bracket what is going to be the spindle length?
The adapters probably added the 3mm you needed just saying
How did you determine the width of the shaft you needed if you wanted to keep the same number of chain rings it started out with?
I wonder if i can install a three piece crank set on my Micargi puma ??
Why convert? Those one piece setups are solid and more reliable.
How do I determine the length of the spindle I need for the sealed BB cartridge? I have a 68mm shell with no ridge inside, it's the same all the way through but the BB has 2 measurements. I need the spindle length and the one piece crank isn't a very good indicator, unless I'm missing something? I need a 68 x ??? cartridge and don't want to throw my chain line out!
top legal tem desse mesmo adaptador ai pra central 45.? esse ai deve ser pra centra de 50mm né?
Buddy from Colombia has cool bikes but wants to convert his old schwinn 10 speed and found this video in a second because Im subscribed. Thanks so much. Any advice on getting a good chainline for wanting that ten speed to be a single speed?
Thanks for the informational video, really appreciate your work. Thanks
Great video! Love the Homer Simpson slippers by the way.
It seems like the adapter manufacturer could also supply a few mm worth of shims to accommodate bottom bracket tubes of different lengths.  I've seen thin shims for automotive rear-wheel alaignment, so the technology does exist.
nice slippers
Awesome vid. I'd like to know more about the spacers for a 65mm BB if anyone has any tips. Restoring an old Schwinn Traveler.
What's the crankset you installed? Great still styling for an older bike
It's been my experience with 3 piece cranks that both pedals wind up pointing the same direction. Getting you nowhere. 1 piece cranks are better.
Folding Bike Triple Crank 39,53,58T Sproket 11 Speed  11 - 50T https://youtu.be/q0RyH5eOHGA
Cool but why? You might lose a pound? A continental can never be light. If you change the wheels and drivetrain you no longer have a continental, just a very heavy, strange bike. I don’t see the point.
This is awesome. Thank you so much. I have the same bike! Any advice to convert it to a single speed?
Oooh, maybe I can fix my old huffy problems now.
Thx nice Video. I have a question, would you recommend sticking the adapter in? I'm afraid that the bottom bracket will turn when tightening.
May I know what what the bottom bracket adapter you were using? Is it a 30mm to 24mm for the square tapered bottom bracket?
SO helpful and useful - thank you.
hello when would be the exact diameter
Thankxz for this video. My old swhinn need convertion.
Where can i buy converter.
so the side where the bolts slide in goes on the left side wile the one with the matching threads go on the right?
Superb how-to. 👍 I'm going to see if I can mod my brother's Sun trike for a 3-piece setup. Dunno if the cupped parts are removeable.
if my bottom bracket width is 68mm (roughly) what width of crankset should i go with? i have an bmx bike that uses a one piece crankset and it is just a pain to service for me as i dont have a good spanner / wrench for it as it broke so doing this would help a lot for me
are there adapters like these for swiss bottom brackets?
Came here for the old school tech.  Stayed for the Homer Simpson house slippers.
Brilliant! I never knew. Thanks for another great video.
I was unsure of how to set the new BB adapter in the frame, wood block is absolutely the easiest solution
where do you get the adapters and tools from?
Kung sino man naghahanap ng conversion kit meron ako bilhin niyo na
Super Cool conversion ! I have not seen that one, RJ, have you ever put a triple on the front of a Varsity/continental/Super Sport for better hill climbing capability ?
EVERY time I need tips on a tricky bike issue, there he is. My man RJ. Thanks again for the great videos!
Ok I fast forwarded toward the end, so apologies if I missed it: is a one piece crank less desirable than a three piece? What are the advantages or downsides of each config? Thanks. Very informative video.
Man, I have to say. Whenever I don‘t know something regarding my bike, I watch your videos. It‘s amazing, your videos are very helpful.
What type of 1.5mm spacers are those?! Did you have to modify something that size already or are those headset spacers?? Just picked up a 73' Contentional that I'm going to do this on, thank so much for this Awesome video!!!!
Is that adapter Aluminum? With the coating removed is it going to be a problem reacting with the steel?
Pretty good video RJ .  I always appreciate it when a how to do it U Tube is not overly long , just to entertain us. When the new shell cups are too long to allow seating up against the frame shell , another viable way to make them fit is to put the new BB threaded bushings in a lathe and face off the required amount to clear the "ridge in the frame shell' . a local small machine shop or networking friend with a lathe in his garage is not too hard to locate. this eliminates the hand grinding on both the frame and the bushing chamfers. OR , a person could also just use spacers , rather than grind or face off in the lathe. The actual " Q  factor" or width of the outside dimension on the assembled new parts is not a big deal for most people.
Thanks a lot. Just what I needed to know. great video.
If 3 piece was the older type, and one piece was the newer type, would people want to upgrade to a one piece?
Yo RJ..I look up every tool and part you use in this crank conversion..I'm doing the old Ross ...very helpful chronology but but spindle measurements might be guess work...Thank you!
Hi thanks for the video! Very helpful! Where did you buy the conversion cup?
This may be a silly question, but wouldn't you want the adaptor with the left hand thread to go on the left (non-drive) side of the bike? My logic tells me that when you are pedaling, you would want effectively be tightening the parts rather than loosening them. Other than that, your video was very helpful!
I have a question, I have similar shell like that one but it uses cottered cranks. Can I just simply replace it with a square taper spindle axle?   I am in the process of replacing my crankset on a 3 speed bicycle. Mostly worried about spindle length.
Are there drawbacks to having  a one piece crank?
Thanks man!!
Great! Thank you RJ.
👍🏻
What would the weight savings be?  1 or 2 lbs?
Brilliant resurrection. Thank you for posting. Cheers!
thanks for the video!
Can I put a one crank on aluminum hybrid bike 17 inch frame
make a video on (5PCS bottom bracket). please i request you very much 🙏
I just did this project and was able to convert a one-piece to a hollowtech II road crank for my Dad's rat rod!  I used a headset press for the drive side cup; a drift fit the inner portion.  I also smeared a little bit of grease on each cup prior to install.  Unfortunately, I was without Homer slippers.  So, the overall job took a hit!
I like new tech and everything, but is there seriously a problem with the one piece design?
That adapter is made  by a SRAM company. Quality piece https://www.amazon.com/Truvativ-00-6415-027-000-American-To-Euro-Bmx-Adapter/dp/B000VT550K/ref=pd_sbs_1/139-7098774-0670807?pd_rd_w=Ih7y7&pf_rd_p=f8e24c42-8be0-4374-84aa-bb08fd897453&pf_rd_r=2KQCHQREKB1B48D1Z7AY&pd_rd_r=ac15f065-d837-48dc-b5b9-ddedbc5f59ee&pd_rd_wg=dHVpT&pd_rd_i=B000VT550K&psc=1
Thank you.
I wonder the cost of such a modification. It would be good for making a lower gear ratio on an older single speed.
you could've used your homemade headset presser tool to press the bb adapter to the bb shell instead of hammering it because of what ive experienced is that hammering the headset or the bb to set it down damages the bb or the headset shell making them loose and not hold the cups very well.  take this advice with a grain of salt because its based on my experience tho. :)
I like this video but prefer the one piece cranksets. I've been able to find a lot of chainring sizes from 25T to 50T. The simple one piece can be rebuild quickly with common tools.
Great video. Question - how do I know what size bottom bracket to get? I know the shell on my bike is 68mm, but how do I know which size to get? I am planning on a square taper BB for use with a single front chain ring (no derailleur). Thanks.
Thank you!
Where did you bought adapter sir?
I’m only 0:54 into the video, but I had to stop and give you a thanks already. I’ve been wanting to do this exact thing.
LOVE YOUR HOMER J PIMPSON WORK BOOTS 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Nice work
Thanks a lot. Ive been looking for this piece for ages. Thanks a lot.
Can you share the link for the Adaptor? Thanks !!
smoothly! lol
1) Hand protective gloves:  -Missing- 2) Eyewear protection       :  -Missing- 3) Heavy Duty "Homer" protection Shoes:  -CHECK-✔✔👍👍
I have a 64mm wide bottom bracket shell (currently a 1 piece) that I would like to convert to a 3 piece crank (square or external, not sure yet!!!). Would I try to install the spacers at the adaptor level or when I install the actual BB?   Just trying to figure out if I am trying to fit a square peg in a round whole, but this is a bit of nostalgia project.
Hello what cartridge would I need to run on my 84 schwinn? After installing the amazon kit
Excellent very helpful.
What are the names of all the parts you bought?
Hi sir can you please help me i need a adaptor like that my bottom bracket is thompson 40mm i want to convert this to a modern bottom bracket
Very useful content. Do you have any idea on what shell size both inner/outer diameter does this frame have?
Hey viewers!!! One of the best words you can hear
Is there a way that I can install a hollowtech, or more likely, knock-off hollowtech crankset directly to an american bottom bracket shell, without the adapter?
Love the homer slippers
Great video and very helpful. How did you know what spindle length you needed for the conversion? It seems there a bunch of options.
My 1940s Hiawatha uses a 1 piece crank. I’m guessing it’s 100mm whilst modern bikes are 65mm?   Trying to find an ebike mid drive
Except for cosmetic or wear reasons, why would you bother??? Weight??
Thanks again RJ
What is the benefit of this
What is the advantage to replacing 1piece crank and bearing assembly ,is it  merely to keep dirt/water out of bearings? Are there felt or rubber seals that can be fitted to keep dirt /water out of 1 piece bearings instead?
Question I have a kona aha  cruiser that has a 68 bb shell..after installing this adapter the bb shell is 73 mm should I get a 68 or 73 bb..setting up for single speed I was thinking a 110 spindle as well..?
Great video RJ , my regards to Homer
3:19 what are those
RJ how did or does a beginner tell if the cups are just pressed into the bottom bracket before you just start knocking on them to get them out??
RJ, have you done the opposite video? A 3x to a 1x? I’m considering changing my wife’s mountain bike from a 3x7 to either a 1x7 or a single speed and I always look to you for guidance!
RJ! I need help. I've gota conversion kit for huffy but I'm seeing a lot 68 mm × 110,107 etc mm. What do I go with?
I love your repair videos, R.J. Thanks so much.
Hey RJ can you share where you got those spacers? I'm about to do the same install and need the exact same parts for my Schwinn.
RJ do you think that adapter piece can be filed down without power tools?
Hi @Rj, what do u call that adapter?
Where to buy, sir?
Thank you RJ! Great explanation!! Would you wanted to have put some "Never Seize" or grease on the new cups before you pressed/hammered them in? In case you had to remove them one day?
Is there some conversaton kit for thug thompson(40mm) and lenght of 70 mm shell,to some threaded or press fit sistem bb?
Very nice and VERY much appreciated. Could I get this parts still? i have a bike very similar to what you showed and i'd really like to do the same thing. If you can provide me with the info as to where i can get everything needed,  maybe minus the pedals, i'd would be great.. Thank you much.. TV
Love the slippers!!!
how many " wrench did u use?
what would you suggest doing if you want to get one of the cups out (if it wasnt pressed in straight)
Hi I have a question, I have the same  styled crankset on my huffy mountain bike.. I want to switch over to a single speed in the front.. I found this crankset online, do you think this would fit on after installing the adapters? Thank you.  LINK: https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B07Z81PSTD/ref=ox_sc_saved_image_1?smid=A1IA82DQXRA2BK&psc=1
Would using loctite on the adapter screws be a good idea..?
Did you have to change the derailleur or back hub?
Where might I find those spacers?
awesome video! I've been trying to figure out how to put a more modern set of cranks on an old cruiser frame I love. Thanks for sharing!
Outstanding!! Now I know what to do!! I'm only 70 yrs young...putting it together for my granddaughter...you ARE THE MISSING LINK!!
RJ can we use this method to convert from One Piece Crank to Hollowtech II/2 piece crankset?
Hey, i've got two questions: can i find these to sell worldwide? i live in brazil and theres a lot of caloi 10, peugeot 10, huffy tiempo, monark 10 here who has these oldschool bbt, there are some adaptors but having this option too would be nice. Second question is: Since we have very few huffy tiempos here anyone know the diameter for the bbt in a huffy tiempo? the caloi is 34,7 milimeters,  the monark 10 is 45 millimeters
Cool vid, now I know I can upgrade my old cruiser, thnx. If you put the adapter rings in the freezer for an hour, they might just slip right in a bit easier.
Am I the only one who realized that you installed the adapter the wrong way. The left hand threaded piece should have been on the left side of the crank.
You only needed the spacer on the right  drive side. lol
Hi where did you get the spacer
I hate press fit 😅
What is an advantage of the 3 piece crankset over this one piece crankset?
Can I use a 19mm
Do you know if I could put a bmx mid bottom bracket into one of these adapters? Like a donor 3 piece mid bb crank into a beach cruiser with a threaded adapter? Appreciate it🙏
Is your bottom bracket american or what?
great video! would this apply to miami sun trikes? (they say 1 piece cranks but not sure)
I did one of these, but I used a YST US bottom bracket, which basically used the same size cups, but used a square taper axle and these huge cartridge bearings. Runs smooth as butter.
My question: Why would you even do that? Plastic BSA bottom brackets are total POS, the bearings don't last long at all because there is no way to adjust them. And have you ever tried to get one out after a decade or so? The plastic shell will be brittle, will probably break, and the thread will be stuck! Happened to me, several times...
Why don't they make alum one piece crank or fiber glass one piece crank?
Why is 3 pieces crank consider  better then 1 piece crank?
I cannot believe that your channel exists with EVERY single video I've needed for building a bike!
I like 1 piece cranks. Easy quick maintenance. Long life, after all they did last 20+ years on this bike. New cups and bearings are less than $15. The only reason I would change to 3 piece is if the chainrings were worn or damaged.  Sealed cartridge bearings don't last very long, then you can't easily rebuild.  I have 1 piece cranks on two bikes. 1 is 30 years old, the other was built this year. Totally satisfied with both.
Where did you get the spacers from?
This channel along with the channel by cjhoyle - are the best bicycle repair channels on youtube.
Is there any magic to determining the axle width on the square taper sealed BB, or is based on the drop out width?
Great video. love your homer sipmson slippers. I had the same pair
Thanks R.J. I needed this so i can change to 3 piece cranks on my bmx
That old system looks like a primitive version of bb30 or pressfit...
Thank you body, you videos help me too much I appreciated
Pro tip, spacers on the non drive side of an internal bottom bracket are a major no go. Better to use an etype bottom bracket that has the added thread on the drive side to achieve your 3mm there. The non drive side cup is tapered on the inside to alow for some small variation in shell width by spacing that cup out you may not be able to properly stabilize the non drive side of the bottom bracket. If using external bearing bottom spacers can be use on either side but overall width on external bearing setups is much more critical for bearing preload
We must have 32 morons who dislike the video cause they don't know how to use tools or are just plain stupid. You can't fix stupid either.
no grease !!! what kind of savage are you ;)
Like the slippers at 6:30
Can this be done to a  1-speed 3-wheel tricycle so I can shift  from a low gear to a higher gear???
whats the specs on the bottom bracket you used with the adapter? thanks
Just put a Look Zed one-piece crank in there. 😁
what is the measurements of the innerdiameter on the adapter?
Funny how most bike shops know nothing of these adapters. Did you just order yours on eBay?
thank you SO MUCH  I KNEW IT WAS POSSIBLE ALL THE STORES I WENT TO NEVER EVEN MENTIONED THE POSSIBILITY OF ADAPTERS
Cool slippers!  LMAO!
Another great video, I came across as I need to switch my friend`s Huffy to BSA. I want to add,  that you have to keep in view, what  type of a crankset you remove, and the dropout space as well , to stay with a true chainline.  For example, you have to kep it in mind, if you re about to switch 3х6  drivetrain to a single speed, which is common solution for that old type bikes. Thank you RJ!
I put in my hollowtech II bearings and pressed in right not just with a block and hammer.
I had the cup depth issue. Why would they make them that deep?  I put mine in a vice and hacked off half the adaptor with a sawzawll. Knocking them out of the frame when I found out they didn’t fit really sucked.
i love this video RJ. it helped more than any other video. can i install an external bearing bb with this adapter?
What's the spindle length on that square tapered bottom bracket?
Thank´s for this vid, subscribed :)
was the reverse thread on the left?
For more bike repair videos hit the subscribe button 🛑 and click the notification bell ► http://bit.ly/SubRJTheBikeGuy
I have an open bottom bracket and it makes loud noise when i'm pedaling hard.I've visited a local bike mechanic and he applied some grease in it.Still it is making the same noise.Could u help me.
So i pressed these in with a machine press and didn’t line up the bolt holes exactly. There in there pretty good. Do I need the bolts if I pressed them in?
I recently have acqired a 20 years old bike with one piece crank set look just like this, I have loosen the lock nut but not take out the press fitted parts yet, I do not have those adpater like yours in the video, can i use a pair of press crank bb30 or so for hollwtech in this case?
Great  Thanks  Bobby
Fantastic. I’m learning so much from your videos.
genius!
if you had'nt ground down those adapters you may not have needed those spacer/shims ?
RJ you are The Man! One of my uncles gave me his old Schwinn Traveler to rebuild and upgrade, your videos are a big help they cut down on trial and error part of working on older bikes, thanks for what you do!
Where do you those spacers from? What diameter OD and ID?
muy buena informacion tengo una wester flyer  para fixie .donde puedo conseguir el adaptador?
This is a great video thank you.
Thats an old school style bb reminds me of bullseye cranks those bolts are to press it in so you dont use a hammer
I would gladly take those ashtabula cranks off your hands even if they arent ashtabula i have a 71 continental rawed out and surface rusted with some cheap cranks put on it im gonna fully restore and keep it piece by piece its the only affordable way to restore your schwinn while still being able to ride it just swapping the parts you put on with stock as you go and then hang it up when your done and its all pretty and ride it like a champ when you do i ride my bikes but when their perfect i act like its a new ferrari 😄😄
I haven’t bought a chain set yet I have an Ashtabula and the back wheel is Shimano nexus 3 with a coaster brake. The bottom bracket is probably 68mm but I have bad eyesight and only a tape to measure it by, I just want to make sure the chainwheel is going to be inline with my back end
Help! What length bottom bracket cartridge do I need to fit my cruiser there are too many lengths.  The cruisers bottom bracket without the cups is about 70mm
thank you so much i was looking if adapters worked for HOURS
This video made my bike restoration project much easier - thank you!
Thank you
I did this to my schwinn del mar mens cruiser (Walmart) couple years ago and it's working great still ! Thank you for the memories RJ.         Bill M.
RJthebikehero
Excellent! I'm just wondering if it's actually worth doing on the Huffy a friend gave to me 🤔
wow what an upgrade. from really old and garbage to just old garbage..
Where did you find the 1.5 mm spacer?
Great video, thanks. I am in the process of adapting a Huffy mtb, I was relieved to see it didn't have a  ridge, then I saw that the chainstay tube ends come through and are too close to the outer edge! So i've now got a lot of filing to do, not having any grinding power tools. Truvativ seriously need to modify the design of these adapters!!!
Have you ever tried to convert from a chain drive to a gates carbon belt drive and if so I have a retro style cruiser that I'm trying to convert if you have any information on are or curious on how to do it and can do there a video for it would be great
does this also work on bmx???
really awesome, man. super helpful and the only video I've found with this job
Whats the advantage of tree piece from one piece I wonder.. When the tree piece you have additional bolt and screw that get loose like mine you i change to one  piece
my question is can i convert it to be able to pedal backwards so that i can add a motor to it without having to just toss the pedals and add a foot mount instead because i would like the option to pedal but im trying to convert this Murray cruiser into an ebike for my gf and its my first time even coming in contact with a bike this old its around 60.
Can you put up a link to the bottom bracket spacers you used?
would this adapter be compatible with *any* english threaded bottom brackets? including those with external bearings such as GXP? I'm planning to use it on a 7 speed cruiser I got cheaply that turned out to have a warped chainring and am wondering just how many options this adapter opens up.
Hello RJ The Bike Guy. Thank you for all these information. Your videos are really very cool. I wonder if this adapter  can be used for the stripped bb shells. I have a 28" old Czech Favorit bike and the threads of its bb shell is worn. Do you recommend me to use one of these bb adapters to fix it?
Hi RJ is this the same as 45mm press fit Scandinavian (Fauber) conversion????
Why would you want to convert from an one piece crank set?
Wow ! Tremendous video ! Thank you so much! Best wishes from Guatemala ! 🤙🤙🤙
Hi , i have a 1973 Schwinn Super Sport, and want to go to a 3 piece crank set. I have a Nervar crank and need to know what to get to use this crank set Please advise and help . thank you Sincerely Stephan
Where did you bought your spacer???? Please please please
they designe press fit 40 years ago
Nice slippers,
Great video but I cant find out any information on this bike at all (Hyper 152601). Just a cheap hundred bike from walmart Huffy has their name on it but .....
Homer Simpson slippers,best video ever.
Good demo.  I have  a Schwinn Super Sport (65 mm BB shell) on which  I would like to replace the Ashtabula  with a square taper and triple cranks (and indexed shifters).    I'd like to avoid grinding  either the adapter or the BB shell.  So I thought of another method of resolving the interference between the BB shell and the adapter,and was wondering if this would work.  In the video you used two 1.5 mm spacers on the bottom bracket to lengthen it from 65 to 68 mm.  Instead, I'm thinking of using two 4 mm spacers that fit around the adapter cups.  This would bring the BB shell width up to 73 mm, so I could use  a 73 mm BB spindle to fit within the wider BB shell.   The idea is to position the adapter back so it wouldn't hit the ridge inside the BB shell.    Any reaction pro or con would be appreciated.
Great video !
great video, love your stuff. I'm working with a smaller than usual sized bottom bracket tube, the original bearing cups are 49.8mm externally, and original bearings are 39.2mm. What size are these adapters (I cant find any details on amazon or other sellers)?  do you know where to find the size I would need?
Do the spacers come with the new crank parts? If not, how are they sized?
Those old Schwinn frames actually give a nice ride.
I had no idea that this could be done. Seems like they make a conversion kit or an adaptor for whatever situation you have.
R.J. & his Super Steel toe capped Simpson Slippers. :)
What is the inner and outer diameters of that adapter, 51.3 mm and ? I want to see if I can use one on my eccentric bottom bracket frame 54 mm.
I literally have it all together but need peddles that fit the screw hole
I'll be getting to use a couple adapters to do this next week. Got a new just out of the box beach cruiser today that had something wrong with the crank set from the place I'm assembling bikes at. They didn't want to mess with it, so free is the word of the day for me.
You don't have to be rude. I just wanted some help. I thought you might know something I didn't.
And is there any way I could measure my one piece crank to find out the length of the spindle I'll need?
I have a firm strong urban man single beach cruiser and I cannot find the specs. Could you help?
How do you find out the correct spendal size when installing taper sealed cartridge?!?!?!?!?!
Lmao! those Homer Simpson slippers 👌
Hey RJ, shouldn't you measure the width once the adapter is installed ?
D'ya know what? I didn't even no about one and three pieces until about an hour ago. That's a testament to what kind of a cyclist I am. I have an ol' Huffy. It's nothing special, just a little sentimental. My question for YOU is, would this conversion be worthwhile for me? I was thinking of just buying a replacement one piece for cheap. Price is a huge factor. However, now I'm interested and I'm beginning to think I want to eventually replace EVERYTHING. As of right now, I'd kind of just like to be bouncing around town again ASAP... Polishing a turd. That's what I'm thinking about doing. I'm beginning to wanna polish this turd, but... I guess turds are just really good at being turds, and maybe they shouldn't be polished. I do think that even a turd's gotta reach it's potential and be the best turd that a turd can be. I was wondering if you had any thoughts.
what is the size of bearing?
Hey RJ, great video, need your help! I've already bought Truvativ adapter, but don't know which size BB should I use. Got Huffy Stalker LX2, could you please advice which BB should I use? (I mean axis length - 113, 117 or 122.5mm). Thanks in advance!
Thanks... im building a 83 schwinn predator and im changing the bottom bracket with a conversion 3 piece bracket thanks.
I'm an old man and ride a 1979 Schwinn Collegiate. Loved this video and will be converting to a 3 piece crank. Thanks RJ.
muito bom trabalho👍
Great slippers, man! Very stylish :)))
Nice video.
I have those slippers
what if I want to change a 3 piece crank set to a even more modern 2 piece crank set on a 1980s nishiki road bike? thanks and love your videos!
so I'm assuming that this will work with a hyper spinner bike?
Thanks for posting. A really useful video. Can I ask how you calculated the required spindle  length of your new BB?
park tool does make special wrenches for the lock nut that you used a screwdriver for also there's a tool called a cup remover
With the shims on the bottom bracket, doesn't it off set the chain. And can this conversion kit work on a Miyata 718?
did the extra shims come with the kit? if not where can those be purchased? great vid btw
Hi i buy a schwinn frame 1970  i am going to make like fixie bike,  what size i can buy the bracket and the crank, thanks for the help you can give me
Hi, Where i can find 1 1/2 mm spacer
awesome
thank u for the info friend. i have a old huffy single speed bike that im converting to 3 speed & this is a perfect upgrade for me.  seeya later
Great video thanks.  I have a 1971 Schwinn
I think the lip on the adapters would have brought up the width to 68mm. I don't think the spacers were needed.
I bought this adapter (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VT550K/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o05_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1#Ask) and this BB (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008YUUUIA/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) but I am having a heck of a time threading the bottom bracket. Is it possible I bought incompatible parts? Fairly new at this. This is for a Schwinn Varsity rebuild.
Hey RJ, thanks for this video. I am about to upgrade my old botton bracket to a more modern one like you did on this video. You job is very informative! I have a vintage bike from 90's with a press fit just like this and I was wandering how to do the task. This video helped me a lot! Thanks!.
will this application work on a powerlite p51 mustang bmx  one piece crank
I for got to say grease everything and just do that
can I ask something can I just keep all the parts from my one piece cranks and keep all bearings everything and just clean it then just put 3 piece cranks?
you are amazing. I for the same exact bike in this video second hand for 25 bucks. and I'm looking to convert it also. I thank you so much for your work. I just have one question. my tires are terrible and I can't seem to make out any labeling on them. I measured the rims and they come out to about 25.5 inches. do you recommend any tires?
Thanks a bunch!!! I so happy to know how update my old-fashioned bike )
Thanks for the video, I am upgrading an old Schwinn and really needed to know how this process works.  Also, those slippers are great!
love this, very informative.
Great video RJ! I have a one piece crank also and was wondering if all one piece cranks utilize the same size caged Bearings. My bicycle is a 26" mountain bike. If possible, could you tell what size bearings I would have in my bottom bracket crank? Any information you can provide would be greatly appreciated! Best Regards!
THANK YOU !
Seems to me the manufacturer of the "adapter" should make it actually adapt to the an old Schwinn, the most common old American bike that you'll need it for. I hate crummy parts.
nice homer simpson slippers!
rj I have a old schwinn i will try to do it. wish me lock !
How much does a conversion kit cost?
Yes, the spindle length on a bottom bracket cartridge. The measurement in the video is done on a cartridge type bottom bracket. How do I measure the spindle length when I convert from a 1 piece to a 3 piece crank. Thanks.
Exactly what I needed to know. Picked up a old Schwinn frame and replacing the one-piece crank. I understand measuring the bottom bracket shell and spacers, but how do you measure the length on a one-piece crank?
Great. Thank you for this Video!
Hey RJ love the videos can i ask, how did you figure out the spindle length?
Dura-Ace ready ! Spruce that old frame right up !
sokat tanultam ebbol
I can't seem to find the spacers for a 65mm setup. Any ideas?
great video I never knew u could get an adapter for these cranks pretty cool 😉
luv the slippers
that bike is low end crap......
Hi, my name is Filipe and I live in Brazil. I love your videos. Could you make a video of "how to build a free roller cycle"? tks
Cool slippers. :) Much less scary than the old ones I think. I'll watch the rest now...
Gracias. Gracias. Gracias!!!!
hi rj. I just bought an old panasonic villager 2 at a junk sale. gonna do a full restore (for me not for sale). any tips or anything I need to look out for?
love the homer slippers,  thanks for the info on this upgrade
Jan Heine greases square taper cranks, but he only tightens them to 25 N-m (221 lbf-in), not the 390 lbf-in typical for dry installs. https://janheine.wordpress.com/2012/04/16/to-grease-or-not-to-grease/
Loktite on those three screws to keep them from loosening?
the spacer was with the adaptor? thank you
Rj u are the light for us, you show us so many thing that isnt shown anywhere else on youtube! please continue your content, it is a great service for the fast-rising biking community!
good video, thanks for educating!
looks so much better without those bmx cranks in there,lol,reminds me of the 80's when i used to service the 1 piece cranks in my bmx & the 1 time i couldn't remember which way the lock nut turned & over tightened it & stripped the thread on the lock nut,cheap pressed metal, !@#$ grrr!!!! lol :)
Hi RJ, how did you determine the proper axel length?
its cool how bicycles are so modular!
nice slippers
very useful just incase i got to rebore bottom crank after manufacturers cross freading   i will see how the bike go with it cross freading cheers
Good video! I learned something new. :) Over here in Britain I have only ever seen Apollo branded mountain bikes use the one piece crank set, well and older BMX bikes. I personally prefer to use sealed cartridge BB's as I find they last longer than ordinary caged bearings.
Hey RJ, love the videos. I would just add that the BB tapers should not be greased but should be very clean when installing crankarms. The crankarm bolts should be greased-threads and under bolt head. Also I use metal cups for non-drive side so I can tighen them down properly. Plastic cups are a pain, they break all the time, then you have to cut them out.
Do you have a bike collection video floating around? Or maybe a photo album on your FB page?  I'd love to see all the bikes you have.
will you be able to put bnx 3 piece cranks on a road bike similar to your cheap fixed gear build???
Great video RJ
Great video, but let me be the first to compliment you on your footwear!
I had same problem with my vintage german bike, bottom bracket cups were pressed too. I couldn't find solution myself, so I brought my bike to my local shop and they installed some kind of bracket with pressed cups. Obviously your solution is better, 'cause you can unscrew the bottom bracket whenever you want and I need to unpress the cups.
tnx for making this video 😊
