Client.."we need to completely rebuild this kitchen"..Tommy "No problem, we can do that in 2 days".....😊
"All that done today".....🤣🤣  That would take me a few days...Tommy's amazing
One day? I'd be hacking away at this for a week.
..?..no allowance for thinset thickness when cutting bottoms of trim legs ..???
No need for thinset beneath cement board. It’s just overkill. Fasten the cement board every 8” on center with roofing nails and it’ll never go anywhere
Paint stick on top the tile before cutting the trim to allow for Thin set...
Did you use the cement board on the entire floor area?
Amazing skill to not only know what to do, but also to be able to do it.
Tom told the homeowner to wait outside and he’ll let him know if he needs help.
This is a great video and the man doing the work is a craftsman which is hard to find but the big misconception in this video is the project up to this point can not be done in one day with one craftsman and a novice
Thank god the floor was level. Let's get a smaller project where the floor isn't level in addition to all these problems.
The patch at the toilet looks like he used 1/2" instead of the 3/4" or 5/8" that's already there.
That made the floor considerably higher…right? How did the bathroom door still clear all that? This was done in my house and our bathroom door has to be shoved to open all the way.
He wasn’t kidding when he said that’s a big job
Wow , look at  that , perfect  fit !   Yeah  it's Tom  Silva  working  on  the  project  not  Joe  Blow .
the floor must be very cold during the winter...
this guy messed up loser
Can you just put the cement board over the vinyl?
I would love to volunteer just to learn under his guidance. I've been watching this show since I was a kid. Love it even more as an adult
He forgot closet
Is it necessary to install new subfloor if you have plank subfloors?
Tommy is a national treasure.
Lol no way I’m gonna let the customer grout the tile, and make my work look bad, (fyi i know it’s staged)
Sorry but there's no way you guys did all that alone in one day..lol. Although, as usual, GREAT craftsmanship!!
Love this video. what kind/type of thin set did you use between the plywood and cement board? what kind/type of grout should i use to grout my ceramic tile?
I wish that all contractors were this knowledgeable, thorough and patient. This show is a wellspring of knowledge. Thank you This Old House.
Tommy has saved me thousands and thousands
Watch for Asbestos vinyl tiles in older houses!!! Should not attempt to remove those without learning about these first.
What kind of old power saw does Tom has?
Living legend - as always great work I mean artistry.
👍Hope Tommy had crew help with that job. Gettin old sucks! (Back, knees, etc) When home owner said he’d like a new tile floor I would’ve said, how about NO! Let’s pull existing tile & apply vinyl😂😂 Good job as always
Nice thing about the grout he has it already has a sealer in it, so no need to come back and seal your grout.
This is almost the exact same product I'm trying to tackle now. What if you don't want to raise your flooring that much? I have thin linoleum there now. Can you use a thinner membrane product? What would that be? I'm worried about creating too much space between my new toilet...the flange...and the flooring.
Next time usual utility knife to cut the caulk above the baseboard it won't tear the paper where's yours knee pads at
Should have put the ceramic tile on the bottom and the board on top would have been a little easier for you
They glued the floor to the main floor instead of using underlayment like professionals never glued nothing to main floor unless you're selling the house
You should skimmed the floor with floor patch sprinkle it on dry you idiots are standing in glue
I wonder if TOH will ever do an April's fools video where they ask the homeowner if they really want to go ahead with a project and they just say no  each time and everyone just leaves.
Missed a bit in the cupboard.
Amateur
Just don't
Tommy and his sment board
No way in a day!
Favorite  line  from  Tommy ,  Well  let's  see  if  this  piece  fits ?   lol    of  course  it  will  fit   perfect  when  your  the  best   craftsman  on  the  planet!!
Good ol 1/4" Sment board lol
Why don’t you just call the guy?  Tom: I am the guy
Man, that guy is good.
Nice job. Step by step. Easy to follow, THANK YOU !
You can get away with that V notch trowel on this job because the tile is a mosaic. Don’t try that with full size tiles.  Should use a quarter inch notch trowel for those.  And you’d have to check the floor for flatness.  I noticed he didn’t even check it here.
How do I replace the ceramic tile with vinyl floor
I’m no interior designer but that tile is horrible right??
Tom, I was told that the toilet flange should always rest on the FINISHED floor. Doesn't seem to be the case in this video. Am I missing something?!
OH MY GAWD..... IT LOOKS REMAAAKABLE!!
Tommy is the man
Yeah I need his help
Tom is one of the best.
God, i hate those glue on vinyl tile. It ruined the whole bathroom. Now he has to fix that subfloor . I wonder how can the owner has not been knock off from the camode
I’m getting ready to do this myself. I have done a lot of things but I’ve never done tile.
Tom with the old school Porter Cable circ saw. I still have one myself, but Tommy's is a bit older than mine.
Good video, very informative. What I’ve come to expect from TOH
Really appreciate This Old House!
Tommy doing plumbing is weird.
So the guy holding the camera just slept there till the thinset set up ?  HAHAHA!!!!!
That pail of grout isn't enough for that mosaic
Boy, that tile is UGLY.
@9:13 My eyes hurt for a few second. Man that floor is hard to look at.
1:27  Ohh “Came up easy”
3:30 DUH, Obviously, it was made by the Boss... 💪
Would this technique work in a mobile home bathroom?  Putting down multiple layers like this would look like it would.  Just trying to get rid of the flex that's inherent in trailer floors is hard.
Looks good! I always thought that you had to have a minimum of 1 1/4” of floor (3/4” plywood and 1/2” Duroc or the like) before you add tile. In this video, I saw 3/4” floor and you added 1/4” of cement board. Would this give you problems down the road?  Thanks.....Jim
Sment
Tommy’s thinking, “dude, move the shop vac hose so I can see my cut line”
I can't help hearing Tommy say cment all the time
For Mortar always used the Mortar over 25 dollar for more straight and more better don’t used cheap Mortar 100 💯 better make professional product
Great job , I tilling man for 20 years I am do exact like video now on days used ditra. Xl ,,,, last time used hardie backer and wood sheet 1/4 inch 4x8 ,
astonishing work
Of course, the problem with this program is that to follow their admittedly expert advice you need to invest in thousands of dollars of equipment which you are only likely to use once. It's no surpise the sponsors are sellers of that same equipment.
Why choose that tile that's something everyone is getting rid of plus it's way harder to many cuts and time
Why not make sure that you are truly saved by Jesus Christ and practice this way. Remorsefully confess with your heart your sins to Jesus Christ who is God and tell Him that you right now are repenting of your sins and you want to be born again of the Spirit from above. Tell Jesus that you are remorsefully sorry for breaking His commandments and that you are begging for forgiveness from Him. Allow His blood from the cross to wash away your sins. After this is done with your heart successfully the Holy Spirit will come to live within you and He will rebuild you from the inside out.   Look for signs that you are saved. Things like spreading the good news from Jesus, getting other people saved, a craving for the word of God, reading the Bible, etc… These things are known as a calling and fruit bearing. If you're not bearing fruit then keep doing it. Sometimes it takes time to get saved. Read Matthew chapter 13 from the King James Bible. God bless!!!!
Be careful, old PVC tiles(Floor Flex) can contain asbestos, also the glue.
most of the video I see him is doing wood work. I never know he can also put ceramic floor
Really awesome
Is this commonly allowed in America, or just in some states? Where I live this isn't even remotely close to being up to code, since there's absolutely no real water barrier.
" all you have to do is..."  just remove the sub floor :D- the last bathroom  remodel I saw the sub floor HAD BEEN hardwood like the rest of the house but had been removed,  1 x 8's attached to the bottom of the floor joists and the 2 x 8 space FILLED with concrete. yea too high for real tile, and it had been poured over the old corroded copper water pipes and drains in the floor. $ 9000 later and 3 weeks the remodel was finished.
Sure, one day because no wife around. lol
At least the floor is level, that’s good.
A dangerous video.  Just grout this.  You got it.  Just apply it and wipe it with a sponge.
I go over the existing crappy floor with peel and stick tiles
You never screwed down the flange
Wouldn't a contour gauge have been easier to use?
How do you make sure you don't screw the cement board into the screws you put into the subfloor? Just practice or Memory? Is there a pattern we should follow?
The legend is that to this day the bathroom is still not grouted and not finished
My dude putting his hand all over that shitty flange 😂😂😂😂😂
Love the accent
I enjoyed it 👍
Cement board isn't waterproof. They should've added a waterproofing membrane on it before the tile.
2:30 "This will sit flush" FLUSH
How did the camera guy get out of the bathtub at the end?
I wish I could have tile in my bathroom.
In a bath or kitchen with a possibility of water on the floor always use epoxy grout. A little extra in cost ,but for piece of mind it is worth it.
You guys are great 👍🏻
Please This old house guys how much can I charge for a job like this one, if isn’t appropriate to ask that or u guys can not answer by replying the answer in here how can I figure that out Thank you so much u guys a great 👍🏻
50% of contractors would have tiled right over the plywood.   25% of contractors that actually used the cement board would not have applied thinset below it or taped joints.
So why did Tom say they had to replace the subfloor? What would have been wrong with the one the vinyl was on? Did they put new subflooring on top of the existing floor, or replace it? If the former, I guess I can understand - you'd want the additional rigidity. If the latter, it makes no sense to me at all.
Do I need gloves before I touch the toilet flange??
Nice tiles
I think u can screw that cement board with the torx screws ?
nice gloves  lol with peel and stick coming up that easy
Tom doesn't even get dirty or exhausted
cement bawd
Imagine going through the work to retile  your bathroom with brand new tile that makes it look dated lol
Oscillating tool really? Come on this old house. . . Never heard of the Jamby? Way faster and easier. I thought you people knew what you were doing?
Why are there so many floors tho? And wouldn’t the cement board and tile raise the floor over the hall floor?
Wife walks right in on freshly tiled floor....
If you wanted to can you turn a wet saw into a table saw??
Sment and sawer are two of my favorite Tom Silva words.
Amazing!
This is not his strong point.
All these shows are done out of a spotless cute New England home. Lets see them go into the hood where everything is shot and roach infested. Give me a break.
https://youtu.be/A6VySb3LVw
When undercutting the door jamb put a piece of cardboard from the tile box between tile & backboard to account for you mud if you tile is an average thickness floor tile. The tile on sheets are thinner.
I wonder why he put thinset under the hardy backer, I’ve only ever seen it screwed down.
I'm betting he had to recut that trim, no thinset in first cut
Have a cuestión ¿how much would the price for that complete job be, an estimate???
thank you members of the US Congress and constituents of the US Senate Nevada state Minister weights and measures and Tom Silva with ask this old House and Charlie to, I rise today to rebuke the Collins family the Tom Collins family for inadmissible evidence hearsay is inadmissible let's replace at the silver trim window 8.1 program let's replace the cripples in the header with the raptor table 4 by 12 every 4 x 12 you have to go up for in let's replace it with the raptor so that the header is solid and continuity from the top of the header all the way down to the base plate or the floor thank you.03/26/2020 P.S.T. 1140 HRS.
Oh my gosh this guy goes the extra mile
Ssssment board!
4:02 "sment board" #smentboard
not for nothing, i love this channel and learn a lot from it but -_- that bathroom looks like it was built yesterday. that was the freshest nice looking plywood i have ever seen hahaha
Tom is sharp.
Mike Holmes would have replaced the subfloor, and the walls, and ceiling, and joists... because it's the right thing to do! Minor bathroom renos shouldnt cost a penny under $85k.
Good job but I'm not touching anyone elses toilet. I've seen worse, but under that toilet needed to be nuked before I touch it.
It probably would have been easier to simply take the old subfloor up under the toilet flange
Why the hell would you do this? Just put down a sheet of nice vinyl flooring and you have an easy job cleaning the floor also never cracks or gets cold.  If you are getting vinyl tile, don't get the self-sticking crap.
When cutting casings around doors with the oscillating tool, add a layer of cardboard or something to the stack of cement board and tile. This accounts for the thickness of the thinset under and on top of the cement board.
I like ask this old house videos and send them to me and thank you again
Send me ask this old house videos upload videos from my phone app videos videos upload
Didnt add for thinset under tile or backerboard. the  tile wont fit under doors
Lol.
Should’ve used Schluter Ditra instead of cement board
Adding a thinset between the plywood and the cement board is not a good a idea.
"Perfect Fit"
9:19 ~ That's an awful big gap you left in the back of the supply closet.
Do you have to use the board under the title
Enough screws?
I like this video ,thank you
4:35 Alright this won't hurt a bit, say ahh...
First time I can say to this old house that the tile work could have been done a smidge smarter. You could have cut tile near wall straight so u wouldn't have to cut little pieces.
I love ask this old yankee.
harry homeowner left to grout the tile .  How about the plumbing fixtures where the drains don't line back up and repairs to the wall or where they were short on tile in the closet and didn't do a row?
OMG! Durock crap...lol..i will never use that again...hardee boards way better.atleast yall put thinset first the way its supposed to be
Typical contractor would say, " I'll have this done in a couple of days."  3 months later it still wouldn't be finished and 6 months later you'd be talking with a lawyer and trying to go after his license.
I am impressed, he actually did it right. However please screw the closet flange down so that the toilet does not wobble. Also the ring on the closet flange was stainless steel. This is good. The metal ones with paint rust out and will eventually need replacement.
Seemed like he was not screwing those screws below the surface of the cementboard.
Sment lol. Take a drink every time Tom says sment
Nice going Tommy. Time to get yourself some worthy and appreciative apprentice to get on their hands and knees and do that for you.
Why didn't Tommy back butter the cement board or tiles?
Looks like he took some paint with his cabinet
All in one day common man.
His choice of tile is ugly.  It hurts my eyes to look at it.  Plain white is what I would prefer.
I prefer mixing up my own grout from dry. Then you can customize the viscosity.  So you can float in all those gaps with ease. Pre mix grout is too thick and dry for my liking.
He's never grouted before... If he had, he would have never chosen that tile. 😆😂
why didn't they do a waterproof the concreteboard with something like HYDRO BAN?
Tile looks ugly
Dont need cement crapy board plywood is the best
That ceramic tile looks ugly but I can’t see it from my home so it doesn’t matter to me.
that paint damage from him removing the sink and wall trim pains me
Flange should be on the finished floor
That v-notch is way to small. Need to use 1/4x1/4 square notch minimum.
Here's a little trick if you want to walk on the tile as soon as you install it, spread saw dust over the floor, and sweep it over the tiles, drying the grout, drawing out the moisture ....
ok. Why do you need a new subfloor over top of the old wood subfloor? I don't want that much height.
Silica dust?
Your videos are so informative for my renos.. I will definitely reference this one when I will be redoing my bathroom floor from vinyl to tile.. a BIG thanks for sharing your knowledge and working experience Tom!!
"Wow, perfect fit." It's amazing what you can accomplish if you know what you're doing...
Tommy always has the best tools. With me, I would've used a chisel/hammer to cut that tile.    They finished in a day with $9000 worth of tools to help.
Ummm what about the camera guy in the tub?
When Tommy cut the first layer of plywood under the toilet flange, I think the circular saw cut tio deep - it cut into plywood above the joists.
best thing about Ask This Old House:  the delta blues rock background music.  hands down.
hgaha how many underlayments does this guy have in his bathroom? 3? hahaha
lol premixed grout? no, just no. that grout will be coming out in less than 2 years. just use real grout, fortified with sealer and bonding agent. it will last longer than you
What was wrong with laying tile on the plywood flooring??
I'd love to take a dump in a bathroom Tommy did work in. A bathroom made for a king
Great video but why not just use an uncoupling membrane instead of the cement board? Prevents tiles from cracking and a lot lighter and faster to install.
Taking bets on whether or not it's been grouted yet.
4:02 ssssssssssment board. Now I think he’s just messing with us.
Very interesting
Why do some people use rubber like sub floormenbrain and sometimes they use  just the cement board
If your new floor is significantly thicker than the old you may need to redo the plumbing on the vanity
Jesus said:::: Dad the toilets leaking !!!! God says:::: Son just call Tommy!!!
Comin' apaht
At 8:30 I would love to see a guitarist in the tub doing that solo jam while they work.
'Ask this old House '$19/ 12×'. 07/31/2019 PST. 1020 HRS. Time and Atomphrere it Condition.
I love your videos tom you make it look real easy 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
Pretty sloppy cut with your oscillating saw there Billy
I like the  way ,Tom Silva work, and explain   how to  do it  👏👏👍👍
what a nightmare choice of tile for maintenance and cleaning.....the flavor of the tile will be short-lived...too off the wall, should have kept it near basic.
Why couldn't you just tile on the sub floor?
Tommy is wicked good with a sawr!!!
Thanks to this video, I've decided to hire a guy👍
what about the transition between the bath and hallway floors? it looks like there is a height difference!
Homeowner will need to call Richard to put the toilet and sink back in!
Didn't score the base. 1:23 takes base off, big chunk of paint comes with it 😅
what about waterproofing ? O.o
Tommy is amazing !
Great job
When Tom removes the toliet: "from the flange, looks like you guys had burritos last night".
He would have got them straight if he replaced the 3 bricks missing but instead he just kept going 😂😂
I'd like to see a show on installing brand new stair railing on a stair case for a basement finish that was opened up where it never existed.
It would be hilarious if in an episode one of the guys went out and said, "I can do all of this, but it will involve X, Y, and Z. It will be a big job. You sure?"  And the homeowner replies, "Yeah, you're right. Forget it, I'll just leave it be."  And that's the episode.
Tommy is a genius.
Several good tips here: 1) The split "dutchman" plywood patch around the toilet drain, 2) Sliding the cement board under the flange, 3) Using the small "broken" piece of cement board behind the flange so it was a straight line for the next sheet.
I wish I could fit a Tom Silva in my pocket.
Leaving the bath panel on?? SMH.
Makes it look so easy
throw some glue on that patch fam
OKKKKK PANCO F T
6:00 lifting the flange for the 1/4 cement board and 1/2” tile changes the slope or pitch  of the toilet drain from 1/4” per foot to a steeper value.
this was so satisfying
The house that I bought they laid tile over tile how would I fix that issue. I'm guessing I would have to remove the double players on the tile? (Bathroom and Kitchen). I don't want to just keep layering thing over the floor it doesn't seem right.
all that work to make your bathroom look like its in 1919
Bathroom with no proper water insulation? As a skandinavian, this looks ridiculous.
How is the Camera man going to get out with fresh tile layed out.
I have a question, can I put waterproof over de cement board, like redguard? I appreciate your answer thanks
.............No f*ckin' way...can't remove the fixtures.....they got to stay in place and still get it done......
Always good work but you should have chose a different tile that looks old
Should there have been mention of asbestos abatement with that old vinyl peal'n stick?  Or do we just let it disappear....
Idiotic
they must be starting this conversation at 3am if they got that all done in one day
nice undercut on the casing
well...nice video as always---nice to see you got rid of festool stuff--or maybe you just use it at "Kate's" house...lol
Who left the bbq spatula in the tool box 😂😂😂😂😂
Camera man had to sleep in the tub
Hey that's not a TS 55!
Tommy is like every good mechanically inclined father wrapped up in one. But a lot more patient.
1950’s called. They want their horrendous tiles back.
That guy made an amazing tile choice. It looks great!
Why did he cut out the wood around the toilet flange and replace it?
Honey! Our floor is fine as is. Forget about replacing it!
I like you video call me crazy but I don't wanna know your name and I don't care container Beginning song shout out
Lovely job!
1:27 “Came up easy”  Aren’t you glad your contractor used cheap Home Depot glue now??
I have the small doweler system by Festool and though it cost $800 for the full tool and dowels vs $249 for it’s most expensive competitor i absolutely LOVE IT!!!  That said I’m looking to retool many systems in my cabinet making shop.  Do you recommend the Festool line of tools at the higher cost base or are the usual pro line tools ‘good enough; (i hate those words!)?
why wear gloves when you can rip your hands open, and the hell with ear protection next to 110 decibels.
Tom "Hammer First, Ask Questions Later" SIlva
What kind of thinset sticks to wood? If there is such a thing, why not just stick the tiles directly? Screws should be enough. What's the reason for the thinset under the cement board?
Used cement board screws for the sub floor
2 days minimum, 2 guys, a tile setter and a helper. Why does TV always lie about man hours? Remember, Silva has guys step in when camera stops rolling, he can't stay on his knees all day anyway, he's had knee problems and back problems for years.
Beautiful tile. Really like!
What is the advantage of tiling the shower floor vs a pre-fab standing shower tub beside the look?  Would it be a chore to clean the grout on the shower floor?
Need some help
So does the guy have to reinstall his sink toilet and radiator
Any advice on getting over my ridiculous morbid fear of working around toilets??? haha
@9:30 the sheet rock is a mess. Should have sparkled and painted before laying the floor.
Terrible choice for a bathroom tile. Will be real fun to clean all those gout lines when it gets dirty.
2:15
I was fine with his technique until the very end, when he mentioned using "pre-mixed grout" for the next step. I had a customer once who purchased an acrylic pre-mixed grout thinking it would be a time and labor-saving strategy. Trouble was that unlike the grout you mix with water, which can be wiped off readily as it sets up, this pre-mixed version left a thin layer on the surface like smeared acrylic caulk. It was very hard to sponge it off before it dried to the point it needed to be scraped off. There may be other types of pre-mixed grout --this was my only experience with it--but be forewarned, it's harder to work with in the end even though you're saving the time and effort of mixing batches of grout (which I never found that burdensome to begin with).
But i do comend you for putting thinset under your concrete board,there's a lot of wanna be pro's on YouTube that skip that.. Why? One says so when the next tile guy tears it out it will be easy for him to get out?
Thinset is not to hold it down it's to fill in voids and provide stability. The screws hold it down.
amazing work
Oh how I'm not looking forward to doing this tomorrow.
Oh man, come on 😢💔 You didn't show us the final results 😞😞😞 Thanks anyway
fuk ceramic tiles  they all eventually break over time..    from fukin shit  being dropped on them especially if you  do them  in the kitchens.. 1  time of  stainless  steel  pan  drop  & there  broke... so  stop using  ceramic tiles people..
8:45 -cut to Tommy also playing the guitar solo
EWWWWWWWW NEED MASK FOR SUCK SMELL IT
Hmm I would have went with a different tile, but....
Hi. I’m starting my own business with the state of Virginia and I need a recommendation from a licensed contractor. I’ve asked everyone I know but they are not willing to help. Do have any recommendations?
These shows always  reveal the previous  donkeys in the construction business.
How'd the camera guy get out of the tub?
Tommy wear some gloves! Why would you touch somebody dirty poop chute with your bare hands!!
3:30 hardly a perfect fit
But those aren't cement board screws. Oh well he did behind the radiator so it makes up for it.
Tom is one of the absolute best all around carpenters i've ever seen. His work is always so precise and well done it's amazing
Instead of replacing tiles, would you recommend painting tile?
a wet ser...sawr....OH you mean SAW?....lol
I don't see why he's using pre-made grout. To grout a bathroom with those small little tubs is much more expensive and takes much longer because the grout isn't as wet as the grout you prepare yourself.
Do you need a new subfloor if underneath vinyl sheets is concrete?
So much work to install ugly tiles! Get something nice dude! You are saving something like 95% of the project cost by DIYing it.
Love the videos question thou 200 for materials... How much for labor
We need your help plessi 😇
1:41 gave me splinter nightmares
The houses in US are made of cardboard..
Why does he put a rag in the toilet flange instead of using a toilet flange cover?
Subfloor is not synonymous to an underlayment. The subfloor is the plywood, OSB, or planking that is installed directly on the floor joists. The underlayment is the layer between the flooring that you are installing and the subfloor.  Otherwise a very informative video, if you want more information on how to properly set tile, watch this video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Way5bMh-eYg
Did they need to cut the tile that'll be under the baseboard that has to be installed? It seems so, but if it's under the new baseboard, then does it matter? Is there a "finished room" video/photo?
What's the reason behind him using the v notch side or the trowel than the flat side? Thanks
"a wet saw'r..."
Why do you need the s'ment board?  Why not just lay the tile directly onto the wood?
what's a wet soar?
Hi, I have an old downstairs toilet that was built about 1950. My problem is that the toilet is mortared into the floor and has already started to crake, I intend to put a new toilet in but don't know how to fix this to the old system.
Of course he left him with the $60.00 Custom Building Pre-Mixed grout. That stuff is great but it isn't caviar...
Looks like that cameraman is spending the night in the tub!
Very nice job - thanks
nice work ^_^
And then put your bathroom back together.
nice work
old Tommy Boy
Fein blade must be free for him
Nice job, but this would not be approved in Scandinavia. We have to have a waterproof membrane first.
I wish Tom was my dad. Mr Tom is my hero.
Great work. Thank you for sharing.
Someone GLUED the commode to the concrete in my mom's house and I cut the tiles to go around the commode rather than shattering it to get it out.  I used a carbide blade in a jig saw to get a perfect 1/8 inch grout line between the tiles and the commode. (making it look like I wanted the commode inset into the tile from the start, even though I knew it was wrong)  I feel sorry for whoever wants to change the commode later.  Its not going anywhere without using a hammer and breaking it up.
Nice job Tommy. But we both know working on you knees is a killer. We both are getting to old for that stuff.
Hey are they not promoting DITRA IT IS CHEAP and works for such applications?
Halo, please can you guys make a video and explain why houses making noises during day or night  " ghosts"??
Good job!
I love this show!!! 😁💯
Not one splinter
JD POWA HAMMA
Good job Tommy as usually.
This gentleman makes my day, how he does address everything on his way!  He resolves on his knowledge. Good job mister!
ATTENTION HOME OWNER.      Total bullshit.  Seek another tutorial, PLEASE. I have more experience then this guy at bathroom remodel and this video is wrong on so many levels I don't know where to even start. 👎👎👎👎👎
Tom, use the Schluter Ditra membrane, its only 1/8" thick and much nicer to work with.
Ugly choice of tile but nice work this old house makes lots of projects look easy
Tommy is the shit!  Always the best.
A really nice job, made to look easy, but well done
Great one, as usual!
Those tiles are hideous.
Hey! That is my bathroom!
Nice to see Tommy getting his hands dirty. I have learned a thing or two over the years from watching him.
Why place the toilet flange catch at an angle?   Was there a concern of overlapping joints?
Marvelous work 👍
Such a nice floor.
Sment... sawr... oh...
That makes a huge difference. I have the same floor but in mosaic. It didn't seem necessary to cut and fit the small pieces along the edge because the trim should cover it...at least, that is what I did.
It's like you guys knew what video I wanted you to make!
It keeps amazing me how weak American housing construction is.
Them roto zip saws are the best thing that ever came out for cutting under door jambs and what not.
You would be so lucky if vinyl came up like that!!  Whenever I see it, its 3 layers of the shit
You should also seal the grout so it doesn't degrade as fast with water and moisture. Especially in a bathroom. And why doesnt he use spacers? When we rules our house their was a ton of white + tabs to space them. Is it different for this tile?
Tommy, awesome as always.  For weekend DIY'ers like me, may want to add to the description/ video that cement board,  Thinset and screws  is old school underlayment.  Not a structure where uncouple membrane is the better way to go.
So, we didn’t get to see the final product. Homeowner must have messed it up
The new flange needs to be on top of the tile. Not recessed flush.
'Wet sawr'
Amazing job! Tom made it look so easy.
Is that Kevin with that sweet guitar riff?
I would of used Ditra these days personally if the tiles were larger. Always a pleasure to see Tommy work! Great video.
This was always the favorite show of mine when I was 13
Woo! Thank you, I needed this
No offense, but for the average homeowner, this is a months worth of weekends to be completely done.
no waterproofing system under the tile?
Tommy u freaking genius
Recently went the opposite route and went from tile to vinyl tile.  We set cement board and then tile which wasnt my idea because i didnt think the tile would stick but i got a roll on sealer to fill the porus cement board and it came out ok.  The bitch of doing tile and laying a subfloor for me were all the odd off cuts.  I hate laying flooring with a passion both vinyl and i did tile my living room.  I dont envy floor installers and/or tile setters. Hard work.
Nice
Good job Tom . I wonder how the homeowner made out with the grout?
Kinda long but good vid
Really enjoyed the video thanks for sharing guys keep up the good work even those behind the camera
Shouldn't there be some sort of membrane between that subfloor and cement board? I always did it that way, maybe I have been doing it wrong all of these years.
I want to be Tommy when I grow up.
Love it.
Best show ever
