Keep calm and eat Tamales. The best pork Tamales in red salsa of guajillo, ancho and morita chiles.   #tamal #tamelss #tamale #redtamales #porktamales #iwantthis #foodie #foodporn #yum #imhungry #mexicanfood #traditionalmexicanfood #mexicanfoodrecipes #hottamale #mexicantamale
Whats better to use masa preparada or masa harina (para tamales)?
Wow! Habla muy bien el Ingles gracias por sus ricas recetas🙌
I am not able to find chile morita in my town, can I use chipotle peppers instead?
Hello or Hola!! I was wondering if the tamales could be frozen before I cook them?  I would like to be able to cook them when my family arrives.  Would that be OK?
I found the English version! Woohoo I love your voice ❤ I watch all of your videos when I’m cooking.
How many tamales is this for?
Wow señora Janet! I respect and admire you even more! You are a real chef! I have learned so much from you! You are so intelligent your English is amazing! Thanks for sharing your delicious recipes with us! God bless you ❤❤
Hi Janet! Your tamales look wonderful! For your audience in the U.S., how many cups are in the masa? 3 to 4 cups? Thank you!
Hola Sra Janeth....Siempre me encantan sus recetas....se podría que nos ponga el equivalente de las medidas en tazas?..  en lugar de libra?,,thank you in advance 👍😊❤️
I can't believe I just find this video in English!!!  My husband thanks you from the bottom of his heart, we've been struggling with translations! Thank you so much!  Saludos !!
I grew up in a neighborhood with many Mexican neighbors, and I was in a mostly Latino school in my district as well. I was the only kid who immigrated as a Norwegian speaker, automatically put in the ESL class, but everyone else spoke Spanish, and I spoke Norwegian, so it was once my English was better I could speak more with the others in my class. I loved so many flavors like this in Colorado, but I never got to learn how to make any of these recipes, and neither did my mother.  I was just kid, and my mom worked 2 or 3 jobs the whole time, so it just didn't work out that way.  We were always offered beautiful food, and invited by friends, and my mom would make her Norwegian specialties, but somehow the recipes didn't get traded really properly.  I think maybe some language barriers were in the way since just as my mom didn't speak Spanish, neither did our neighbors speak Norwegian, so it happens that the adults were able to show friendly neighborliness, but maybe a lot of detail was beyond them...  I've since hunted and hunted for good recipes to learn how to make the dishes you are now showing, and there have been som hits and some misses...I feel like your help is finally going to be how I learn to cook these beautiful dishes I have loved for many years, but had so much trouble getting quite right.   Since moving back overseas and having absolutely no really authentic Mexican food around, I've been practically suffering withdrawals from the wonderful flavors.  Thank you!!!!!   Thank you for being willing to teach everyone how!  <3 <3 <3
Who is here after watching Emmymade?!! I am so glad she mentioned your channel in hers, she also invited people to watch your channel. My two favorite chefs  ❤️
Bless this women! She is adorable!!
Beautiful!
Do you have the conversion from lbs to cups?
Su inglés es muy bueno, me imagino que debe ser difícil para usted hacer los videos en Los dos idiomas. Pero puede solo ponerle solo los subtitulos y asi ganaría más audiencia. Espero se encuentren bien. Bendiciones!!
Thank you! My husband is from Mexico and I’m having to learn how to cook authentic Mexican. If it’s not he tells me where I went wrong lol. I think he’ll like this one!
Ma’am I love your old school  cooking techniques and I’m a 49 yr old white male but love great Mexican food and I hope that’s ok.  I gotta give credit where credit is due. Every culture performs certain arts and skills wonderfully well that  we all benefit from. Mexican cuisine is amazing and many other things as well come from Mexico but  since this is a food video I’m loving that particular craft.  I love your love of sharing an old tradition that I pray not ever be lost. I hope that these traditional skills will be passed on because they really are invaluable.
Hola Janet! Muchas gracias por estas recetas. Tu canal es muy útil. Adoro tu espíritu y tus consejos. ¡Eres fabuloso! ¡cuidate!
Hi Janet -  Happy New Year!  ♡ Thank for this recipe to make Mexican Red Tamales. How many tamales does this reciepe make? Thank you for your help & wonderful recipes.
For the MASA you mix all those ingredients together ?? Even baking powder?
How much water do you put in the olla to steam them?
Can you wash the husk and let them dry over night?? Will they get too dry??
Wow Janet me sorprendiste no sabia que eras bilingue... te amo mas...muy bien! Keep it up...😘😘😘😘
What brand of lard do you use? And also if your making it with chicken can you use chicken stock instead of pork? Thank you
Is this sauce spicy?
Great video and thank you for posting. My question which is somewhat late considering I'm ready to pulse the chili's but here it is. As a guestimate how much chili water does one add when blending?
I have been intimidated to make these. I make delicious meat and sauce but the mass really scares me. I'm going to try and I hope they turn out like yours because yours look perfect. Thank you for sharing your recipe.
Beautiful channel and thank you. One ask though - would it be possible to also add how much time is it to prepare the recipes? For the tamales it seems to be several hours of effort.
Wow!!! Your english is so good :D!!! I love your recipes <3!!
Ma'am you are absolutely amazing! I am half Mexican and recently moved to Montana so I am no longer able to rely on my family to feed me delicious Mexican food and teach my kids the rich culture simply by being surrounded by them. Now I have to learn to cook and teach my children our heritage. I thank you for making these videos and explaining things so well! It teaches a novice like me and ensures our culture lives on in the next generation! You are a godsend!
OMG you are awesome!!!!! Janet.. dame consejos para aprender English.. tu eres un tesoro!!!🤔
Wow,  the coin idea! Excellent! Thank you!
Is the vegetable lard you use the same as Crisco vegetable shortening?
Hi and Thank you for your tamales recipe.  How many tamales does this mass make? Thank you❤
Thank you I just moved to Seattle from southern cal and I haven’t had good Mexican food in a while people up here say if you want good Mexican food you gotta make it!! Also I didn’t get my Christmas tamales lol thank you! :)
Yesss in English thank you
Look great
I have a question you mix maseca masa instant corn masa flour with pork broth and it made masa dough? Is that correct?
Hola Señora Janet buscando como hacer mis tamales y me dio mucho gusto encontrar sus videos, que usted cocina como mi mami me cocinaba!!! Gracias, y mucho gusto que lo encontre en Ingles! 🙌🙏 Bendiciones y que Diosito nos la cuide 😇
Hi!  What does the corn husk do when there placed at the bottom of the steamer ? Thank you i enjoy all your recipes. ❤
Great video!
my mother died 4 years ago, seeing this video reminds of the food she use to make.
Thank you for posting!
love your cooking !!!
Love youre channel,You are an angel from food heaven.Thank you for all the time and love you put into this channel but youre food.
I'm making tamales for the first time.  I do not eat pork.  What is the substitute for lard?
Hi Janet,  I really enjoy your videos. Can you please tell me how many hours it took you to make the batch of tamales?
I have a question what brand of lard do you use
:) thx so much my tamales came out great thx again i subcribed!:)
Are you going to make some Tamales for Christmas? I know you and your family/friends will enjoy them, they look amazing! BTW, i love your channel, keep making and posting videos of that great Mexican food we love so much! Happy Thanksgiving!
THANK YOU SO MUCH NOW I CAN MAKE THIS FOR MY KIDS!
definitely going to try this receipe!! before I watched this video i made tamales for the first time and when they were done the masa had a bread-like consistency :/ when i would cut the tamales it would leave crumbs. Would you happen to know why that would happen?
Thank you for this recipe. I've been using the prepared masa from the store but it still was too heavy! I will definitely be using your recipe😊
Muchas hracias por compartir LA reseta , soy boricua pero me encantan Los tamales ,Los tratare .
I absolutely love your channel I am puertorican but my husband and I love Mexican food your videos are amazing and so authentic. Muchas gracias y saludos!
It makes my mouth salivate!! Yummy!! 💜💜💜 mucho gracias!! 💜💜
You are a beautiful soul.
Realy this is the first time l hear about this dish ,thank you
thank you so much for putting this video up. they are as amazing as they look.
Each video is extremely helpful in teaching traditional Mexican dishes and I have learned and gained so much insight for the time each meal takes.
Hey Janet.  My daughter asked me today if we could make tamales.  I immediately showed her this video and she is very enthusiastic about it.  She wants to add to the pork, rice from your mex rice video and I'm gonna add some monterey jack cheese also for the filling.  So thanks so much.  You are changing not only my diet, but encouraging my children to get busy in the kitchen with your delicious recipes.  Thanks so much.
I absolutely love your channel!  Thank you so much for sharing your delicious recipes Janet! 😊
I love your videos! The Cherizo recipe and red tamale recipe are the best! :)
Ok, im gonna start scaring and bothering my neighbors so they move away.  Then I'll give you their address so you can buy their house and move in cuz I really want you as my next door neighbor.  I'll be over every afternoon and you teach me Mexican cooking recipes/techniques and I'll show you southern BBQ.  Deal?  I luv ur channel, luv your recipes but mostly, I love your clear explanation and demonstration in your vids.  Thumbs up!
wow! que sabroso ya estaremos poniendolo a prueba saludos a todos sra jannet
wow! que sabroso ya estaremos poniendolo a prueba saludos a todos sra jannet
wow! que sabroso ya estaremos poniendolo a prueba saludos a todos sra jannet
wow! que sabroso ya estaremos poniendolo a prueba saludos a todos sra jannet
Thank you very much for this video.  I've made tamales in the past, but this video will add some extra steps and ingredients to my tamale making.  They look delicious.  I look forward to your recipe's, I even share them with my daughter who also enjoys them.
Gracias,Gracias nesecito aprender hacer tamales from scratch y esta es la mejor receta...
Gracias,Gracias nesecito aprender hacer tamales from scratch y esta es la mejor receta...
Fluffy, rich and delicious homemade Tamales Rojos with a classic filling of pork in a red salsa of chiles guajillo, ancho and morita. Hot Tamale! #tamale #tamalesrojos #hottamale #mexicanfood #mexicanfoodrecipes #homemadetamales #mexicanredtamales
