Little off-topic and I realize this is an old video, so here's hoping you see this.  I've been looking for a handle cover that I can leave on during cooking, as you've done here, rather than having to reach for something every time I want to touch the pan.  But every one I've seen has people in the reviews saying if they do that, theirs catch fire, or aren't heat-resistant enough, or smell bad.  Any chance you remember who you got yours from?  Thanks!
Been using your method for years, gonna download the video in case youtube deletes it. Every steak is perfect.
Brother! you called out this method YEARS before it became popular! I can only imagine the good meals you and your family have! Good on you! I appreciate you and your videos.
That looks delicious!!  You can cook for me any time!
This is amazing!! Thanks so much. I finally fixed a steak I love!!!! Great teacher!😊
Turned out great. Thank you
Made the best steak I ever cooked last night, thanks man!
New boot goofin 5:34
Nice looking steak! I agree with everything but the "Rub" personally I think ANY seasons but salt and pepper ruins the true beef flavor, of course the herbs and garlic is fine, but nothing else it just ruins the true beef flavor....IMUO....RR
Good that you are basting your steak melt butter
I love this
First heard of this method from Heston Blumenthal.  Never looked back!
I always use Kosher salt but I let that steak sit for about 45 mins to give the salt time to get into the steak for better seasoning.
Looks great, however, I prefer medium rare and will need to adjust.
I enjoyed your method,please do video how you clean the cast iron after cooking fatty food , thank you 🙏
Perfect method ❤
This works really well but if you have a burner outside do it outside because it smoked up my whole house. But it was delicious
Looks good but after experimenting many ways still feel the reverse sear the best , wont eat another steak unless done like that so tender every time. great video now I'm starving
Not impressive
I like a good well cooked steak 🥩 and thank you for sharing ( ribeye my favorite) 🥩👏
JBR, I love your videos and appreciate what you are doing to educate folks on cast iron cookery. Well done and keep it up! I do have one suggestion that I wish more cooking sites would consider: Temperature is very important (obviously) but terms like "blazing hot," "medium high heat," etc. aren't helpful particularly since there are so many different types of stove tops. The cook always knows from experience what the terms mean but it's easy to add a level of specificity by just using an inexpensive infra-red thermometer. A lot depends on preheat or cooking temp. That's true for the food and the pan.
Your steak made me hungry. Question, where did you get your handle sleeve? I just bought my first cast iron skillet.
Man, that's livin'!
Just regular unused coffee grounds -- like Maxwell House or Chock Full o' Nuts???
Good job I’m starving
I've done this several times. Absolutely perfect.
I like your recipe and technique!  :)
Extra virgin olive oil has the same 400 degree smoke point as vegetable oil so the statement of never want to use olive oil for high temp cooking is not true
Sorry no way I'm putting coffee granules anywhere near my steak. Love coffee but jeez
You didn't mention how long it takes to cook...
That steak has more than enough fat on it to fry it. Forget the vegetable oil. Cut some of that fat off, and put it in the pan before the steak and render the tallow out of it, fry the stake in its own fat.
Man, that looks absolutely exquisite....
Can I do this in a metal steel wok?
That didn’t look like he used much salt, I would do double the amount of salt he used.
I watched this vid a few days ago. Most people tell you to only flip ONCE..... but I tried the 30 sec-ish flip that I learned here and I got a PERFECT medium rare with a nice crust and evenly cooked. I on behalf of my taste buds and stomach thank you Sir!
これはアカン焼き方の見本。外側が焦げすぎ。 肉を何回も返して焼くのであれば、もっと弱火にすべき。
Also important to note. Before even beginning let your steak sit on room temperature for 20 min so it wont be so cold when bmuou cook it
Lol. Why do people keep saying not to use olive oil. Olive oil has a higher smoke point then vegetable oil. It’s Extra Virgin that’s bad to use. Btw, great job!! Looks fantastic!
Coffee on a steak? I haven't tried that, yet. I do like coffee, so I definitely will next time I make a steak.
Great job!  Looks great 😊
This needs to be more popular. That dry rub sounds amazing. Thank you, sir. Blessings!
Grounds, so used coffee. I’m not a coffee person, so I’m guessing that fresh coffee would be too crunchy? How many times did you use this method, till you did not need a thermometer?
Grande Flipin, este es mi capi 😎🤑🥶🥵
I would suggest using a thermometer  to check the temperature before leaving it in too long.
perfectly cooked steak is the Texas State meal.....no steak sauce tho.....thats criminal.....wanna taste that med rare
make some Texas au jus outa those drippings....yum
Good video. Try a carbon steel pan. even better result, lighter pan, low cost and same high heat. I have used both and the benefit is carbon steel pans are smoother than most cast iron pans so the steak makes even better contact and sears better.
Dude..Vegetable oil is the worst oil to use searing a steak...I use Canola oil...I like the 30 sec flip...but not that type of oil. You getting a lot of smoke because  you used vegetable oil.
Masterful.  Nothing wrong with a black steak.
Would this method work on Petite Steaks or any Steak in general ?. New to Cast Iron Steak cooking.  👨‍🍳
Looks fantastic but how do you stop the meat from going cold while you rest the steak. I like my meat hot.
my little chef🤗
https://youtu.be/zWw_r2sjsd0
This is perfect, but how to you know when it is done without a thermometer? I have one but it gets in the way alot.
Never considered coffee grounds in my steak seasoning. I do love me some coffee in stuff. I might have to try this.
Oh man, don't show that to my mom, she will wack you out!! boy,  food is not to play! and more,  she will say you don't burn it you cook it!!!
only thing i find off is using Morton's salt rather than Diamond Crystal. DC much better for cooking.
>Gordon Ramsey
WOW! After watching this, I just took my last ribeye out of the freezer to thaw for tonight's dinner. I'll try your rub, but I'm not one for much salt. Most recipes I've tried make the meat WAAAYY too salty for me to enjoy.  Besides for flavor, is there any other reason to add salt? Or would it work to just fry the steak bare, then apply the rub towards the end?                                                                                                                                                                                                    Thanks
was the heat lowered at any point or was it kept on high?
New to cast iron cooking.  I’ve read that oil shouldn’t be placed in pan when it’s hot due to chance of fire?   This part is confusing me.
Way too much seasoning. Way too much butter, and you don’t need to flip a steak that much. That probably tastes ok but way too much butter. Heart attack in a pan
Put your salt on your meat about 30 min to an hour before you intend on cooking, and allow it to come to room temperature.   You'll result in a much more tender piece of meat that will be more flavorful than if you salted just prior to the sear.
What if you made an infused butter with that coffee rub then melted it over the steak! Wow that I might try
In Europe the olive oil have a very high smoke point , EVOO has very low....so olive oil can be used for high temp so long it isn’t extra virgin. Beautiful steak though.
Thank you so much for your art!
Black steak chronicle
I'm gonna' try that coffee rub. And I always thought that flipping steak constantly actually preserves more flavor and creates even crust.
YOU ARE THE MAN ! Good eating for sure ! From so.cal
How many times did you flip the steak? 13 times?
Lovely 👍
outstanding
Wow looks great.
🤩
Dude.... That's killer looking
Wanna try this coffee seasoning
Gordon Ramsay would never allow all that flipping. You'd be in big trouble.
Vegetable oil?  Why not just the white fat of the steak?  All that salt?  Draws out the juices, no?  Flipping?  No crust.  I don't get it.
OH OH OH OH Jeff, you put that steak in the pan I was all done cigarette please!
Total cook time on this one? 20mins? Looks amazing!
Make more vids man! One of my favorites. And the potato vid is awesome too.
Used this method tonight. Worked out great. See foodsquire on IG if interested. In the meantime I’m looking forward to a new post. Love your content!
Different professional chefs, different methods of cooking.
Hahahahahahahahaha. That is literally the worst crust I’ve ever seen on a steak
its closer to well done but good job
Frest time
If you want even cooking, simply sear the steak on high heat for 90 seconds, flip once, sear on the other side for 90 seconds, and then pop your pan into a convection oven pre-heated to 325 F for 8 minutes. I add my aromatics and butter after the pan's off the heat source, then I baste for a minute or two, then I rest it. However, I have made the mistake of pre-seasoning before frying. Next time I'll salt first and season later. The interior of your steak looks great btw.
Why coffee grounds?  Is there any coffee taste when the steak is done?  Thanks.
Terrific video. Thank you very much.
That looks so good 👍👍👍 so I can use any ground coffee???
looks good , can you put a lid to cook it faster or it will make it boil?
Nice and tender
Looks good
I bought olive oil
Ive got a big cast iron skillet
I bought ribeye steak today
This is one big black man's steak!  The spice and prep meathod is great, I'm not mad at the cremated steak 😂😂
There's no such thing as a perfect medium steak. over cooked, ruined.
Gordon Ramsey would use every single cuss word imaginable while watching him flip it every 30 seconds hahaha
Well maintained iron and good looking steak. This fellow is my kinda people!
Downside about this is that if you dont clean your pan right away its stinks like pussy
Great suggestion.    My recommendation is to discard the vegetable oil(which is really seed oil) and use Ghee and/or Avocado oil.   Both have high smoke points and much healthier as well as better tasting.
I like mine medium++ (which is almost well done) I used your method but finished it up in the oven and it was so good, also I used butter on top while it was in the oven.
I likes me steak juicy 👌🏼🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤 just like my WIFE
I thought it wasn't healthy to cook with Vegetable oil?!🤔
Excellent. Subbed.
Use clarified butter. Why coffee grounds?? Instant coffee?? Or ground coffee beans?
use rock salt
STOP FLIPPING
Nice job getting raw meat all over the salt shaker
It's your steak cook it the way you like it, just don't cook it well done.
I thought he was white
That looks disgusting...
That poor steak was cooked to death, came out looking like a leather boot.
Looks fantastic...I did a steak on a ribbed surface cast iron...turned out v-good, (usually I grill), but, I have try this...that crust looks great. Thank you!
Talk about a heart attack on your plate....
Just watched it 01-01-2020. Looks yummy
Finally! Someone that recommends adding the rub once cooking is almost complete! Bravo! If you don't mind a suggestions, try it with the pan not quite so searing hot. a recent post I read on the Anova culinary forum (thank you "StillAqua" explained it pretty well...   "With a high continuous heat source, it's very easy for the surface temperature of your meat to quickly move from the Maillard to caramelization to charring and burning. Ideally, you want to hold the surface of the meat in the temperature zone where the Maillard reaction between proteins and sugars progresses at a fast rate (300-330°F or 150-165°C) and you develop those complex meaty/umami notes. If the meat surface temperature gets into the 330°-400°F or 165-200°C range, sugar caramelization starts to take over from the Maillard and the Maillard stops. If the surface temperature of the meat gets much above 400°F or 200°C you get only caramelization that can quickly progress to charring and burning and bitter flavours the longer it is heated. If you've ever made caramel or browned butter on the stove top, you know how quickly it can turn."   Thanks for taking the time and effort to produce this video!
It's 3 in the morning and after watching your video my mouth is watering. I look forward to trying this method but all that juice in the skillet will get poured over the steak.
I don't make many steaks, so I was afraid of adding the coffee grounds. But I did used your method of adding the spices later and also flipping constantly. I also did the butter, garlic, and rosemary like you directed. It was the best steak I've ever made. Thank you for sharing your amazing skills!
flip wilson
Looks delicious, though I just couldn't bring myself to frying a beautiful steak, must be grilled.
Can we be best friends?
Great demonstration.  Thank you for providing the info.
Once again.......omg! Ugh!.....wheww!!!!!!!!!
I'm convinced I'll have to try this method. The knife cut thru the steak like butter.
Great stuff, use this every time. Question: how long do you set aside after cooking? Believe i cut in too early as the juice always runs out. Thanks again!
I must do this but with the pan on the BBQ where I don’t have to deal with spatter cleanup. Plus, I can add a little smoke favour to it. Love outdoor cooking, especially great steaks. Thank Bro.
rub the rub..
I’m a charcoal grill guy for my ribeyes, but I may try this over the weekend
I do the constant flip every time I cook a steak
Ive never tried the constant flip method  but will soon..looks real good to me..like medium cooked..good video  thanks ..
Fried steak? I thought you put a steak on a hot grill and leave it alone? No turning?
I'm gonna try this next time.  Seems like an excellent method cuz I hate how one side ends up with no sear at all and I'm lucky if one side has crusting.
What's your hangup with "kosher" salt?  Do you think is better because rabbi said so?
Warm pink center. 👍
the steak looks amazing... how long did the steak cook for and how long did it rest for?
Flip Wilson
This is the best way to cook a steak consistent. Flipping is best
You've made a convert out of me! Constant flip looks like the way to go.
From someone who never had to cook, my first step is to turn off the smoke detector. Can't wait to try to replicate what this chef just did!  Add some blanched asparagus with some Hollandaise sauce and mashed potatoes.  Yum!
lost me at butter bleh
The steak looks great. So, what is the function of the ground coffee atop the meat?
Too dune for my taste and too salty
I like the old lodge with the smooth surface.  I have 2 old lodge griddles with the smooth surface.
Iron skillet hell fucking yeah !
come lancaster pa and lets try a steak grillout, im hungry bro
When I was a young lad, my dad told me the best steak he ever ate was cooked by a black sailor nicknamed "Hershey" on the USS Ticonderoga (1960's). He used the same method you do on a shipboard stovetop in a cast iron pan.
You're going to give yourself colon cancer cooking your meat at that high of a temp. Use a cast iron skillet to cook your steak slow and low. It will taste better and be evenly cooked and won't kill you. Yeah, it takes longer.. have patience. It's only a few more minutes.
And the smoke alarms sound off
Man....nice....I will make the same and salute you.
I would never use vegetable oil for frying, I would use avocado oil or ghee.
No sure why I but I imagined this was Obama showing how he cooks a steak.
Rayda cutlery ...... use it to cut mine...
A million flips ready and it’s done!!
just got my first cast iron pan...glad i found this channel!
SWWWEEEEETTT!!!!!
Only one thing in this world that I like warm and pink and it aint steak!
Wowsers! That's one lovely & delicious looking hunk-o-meat! lol I think your "constant flip" method makes perfect sense! I just got a *no brand* cast iron skillet and have been watching your videos to learn how to season & use it. Thank you, so much, for all your valuable cast iron tips and for sharing the photos,etc., of your collection!!  I've been married for 50 years and this is my first piece of cast iron. I need to buy a 10" or 12" skillet because mine is a little too small for so many things I'd love to make in it - it's only 8½" ! :-/
I cook mine the same way, accept I use lard, butter, or other animal fats. I like this method of steak cooking better than grilling by far.
Coffee on a steak 🥩 Noooooooooooo. 🤢🤢
Salt , pepper and butter is all you need.
touchdown sizzle !!! beautiful  great vid man !
Man looks tasty
You did that all wrong
Great job. It had to be delicious !
How long would i have to cook if i wanted it rare?
Really enjoyed this video and pretty much every one you have done.  I just started collecting cast iron...mostly BSR red mountains as that is what my grandmother left me.  Makes since as she was from Birmingham.  I am also doing carbon steel a bit and so found myself looking at Southwest Disc dicadas and just ordered a 22 inch Sante Fe and the extendable burner.  Sure would like to see you cooking on a discada and what you come up with.  I just built a grill house and was going to get a new Webber grill but after watching discada videos on you tube I think grills might be a thing of the past.  Keep up the super videos.  Rand
Second time I watched it. Second time I cooked it, with extra thick strip steaks instead. One word describes it. SUPERB.
GREAT VIDEO...THANKS
He flipped that steak so many times , I thought I was watching a gymnastics meet 🤦🏾‍♂️🤣
I do mine the EXACT same way... Minus the coffee... I'll try that this weekend...
What’s wrong with cast iron I do that all the time
Does it have a coffee flavor to it?
Thumbs up. I just watched a couple of videos where they heated up non-stick pans real high, and I thought WTF?  That's not even healthy. And if you have an exotic bird, like a parrot, the gassing off can actually kill the birds.  So it's probably not so good if  you have a baby around. And it's not necessary when you have, like the Culinary Fanatic, an IRON PAN! You CAN use olive oil, just use the regular, not the virgin or ExVirgin. When this video was made, not many people realized how inflammatory vegetable oils are. Thanks CF, for the rub recipe, it looks wonderful!
Can you flip that steak once more next time?
Well done sir!
Thank you for everything on your channel. Great stuff and you got me lovin that fish pan.. I’ve had a Lodge 13 inch pan for 25 years now, thing is a monstrosity and I have fried everything in it, cook steaks, perfect eggs, bacon all day, roast beef, leg of lamb, ribs, Shepherd’s pie, etc.....I’ve recently grabbed a few 6.5 inch Lodge and a pair of 9 inch skillets.....looooooking at that fish pan!!!!
The one constant you see:  cast iron. Nobody seems to dispute this.
the seasoning ends up stuck to the pan instead of on the steak.
I tried this method and I agree, one of the best steaks I have ever had.  Thank you!
My mouth is so watering! I want the whole steak! Yum❤️
@ 1:35...  Cooking in stocking feet.  OSHA would not approve.  ))
What if I want it medium rare
Nice steak bro
I appreciate that you called it medium. Good looking steak, love ribeye. That one had a nice cap.
Thank you.  Perfect descriptions.   I recently tried a similar method but set the microwave timer and flipped every minute.  For a steak your size, I would set the timer for around 13 minutes.  I also used a lid on the cast iron skillet.  Add butter and seasoning at the end, great suggestions.    Good job!!
Mouth watering!!
Easily can say that u have no idea what youre talking about haha
Rib cap on point
That is how you cook s steak.
I like my steak well done.
Wow, looks great! What can I use instead of vegetable oil?
Thumbs up!!!!! I am cooking steak tonight! Thanks for FANTASTIC VIDEOS! WELL DONE!!!!
"never use olive oil for high temperature cooking like this", every professional chef "let's coat this hot skillet with some olive oil before we put our steak in"
That looks amazing 😉 Great 👍🏾 job! Thumbs up 👍🏾
Good deal homie.Thumbs up on that motherfucking steak.👍
You would do much better with your rosemary if you strip the leaves off the stalk...that will allow the flavor to infuse into the butter
Way to much butter...
I could pretty much eat a whole cow right now
Interesting idea. Looks great. I don’t like my crust quite so black though. But maybe that’s because of the rub. When you cut into it appeared medium but I just don’t like the crust so dark.
Gross
Is there a culinary purpose of using kosher salt and explicitly emphasizing it or is this a religious thing.
Thumbs up for the flippage. I'm hungry..
Masterpiece
How to destroy a Steak.
If you have a cast iron pot i have heard if you use a teaspoon of lard to cook your steaks it will be restaurant style
Great looking steak. Good job. Would you like a little steak with your rub? 🤣
the only thing with all this frying is that you need an exhaust fan thats like a super sonic jet sucking that smoke out....outside its awesome cooking a steak
good cooking but I would leave it in the pan to rest but apart from that it's a  good steak
Only problem is that I can't use that rub. My body can't handle the caffeine.
Great Job! I’m always looking for a warm pink center 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Ew all this time spending on cooking end up with a raw steak
This is cancer trap
It's not really a steak now. And it doesn't taste steak anymore. It is a meat lathered with coffee rub. It's essentially coffee-flavored meat.
VERY INTERESTING ADD RUB LATE BECAUSE IT BURNS...…  MAKES SENCE STILL HAS TIME TO CANDIFY
Very nice!
cold pressed  sesame oil is clutch for high temp
what a great steak.
Coffee with steak??? Sounds disgusting man sorry
1,4 MN views equals 1,4 million ways to cook. Thumbs up/Like from me aka. Ribeye addict
Vegetable oil is poison for cooking in a pan... very inflammatory.
how long did it took to cook from start to finish? what kind of stake did you used? your stake looks great.
That was one heck of a crust you put on that steak! Fantastic job!
You were doing great until the rosemary! Yuck.
He flipped that streak to death!!
Looks fantastic!!! How do you go about cleaning your pan afterwards?
Please don't eat in front of me without offering. It's killing me LOL.
This may have been asked before, but did you turn the heat down before the garlic rosemary butter addition?
You can call yourself whatever you want but you do not know a thing about cooking  steak.
a friendly suggestion on oil.  Veg oil is almost always rancid, not to mention will take away from taste and is VERY unhealthy.  Use good old fashioned good quality butter (from raw milk) it will hold up to heat and actually help you to digest the meat!  To find out more on healthy cooking check out the book "Nourishing Traditions"
I like the part where it turns to soup.
Only one use for coffee.
You did cook that steak perfect 😱
I got a real nice thick ribeye at the meat market, and will try the constant flip method  out.
Must admit your method put me off at first...but when I saw the finished product you won me over..beautiful perfection...who woulda guessed
Would granite pan provide the same result?
Sorry, But you use so much salt isn't the steak dried out?
What's the thickness of the steak
I've got to say, that steak looks delicious, never heard of coffee rub before (I guess in the UK it's not a thing) Thanks for sharing, it's a good thing you aint my neighbour cos I'd be inviting myself to dinner every steak night. 😀
HI everyone, you only need salt and pepper for seasoning your steak. Use butter but do not fucking drench it in better. Also the fresh herb for steak is THYME not fucking rosemary, we aint cooking chicken you fucks..
Wow, I never knew you could cook it this way. What a great method. Can't wait to try it.
right on brotha,m'm'm' good.gonna cook me one right now the sameway
ok, my steaks smokes at least 10x more than yours does... every single youtube cast iron steak vid I watch there's barely any smoke... the only thing I can think of is your definition of "blazing hot" is really a medium low setting, cause thats the only way I can get the smoke down to a reasonable level
Dear Sir,  Just found your channel today and I so appreciate it!  Great job!!  Lord bless you!
Okay so let's straighten one thing out; coffee GROUNDS or instant coffee crystals? Two different things, and it seems to me coffee grounds would get stuck in your teeth.  Not talking trash just want clarification.  Jeff Rogers is definitely one of my faves for instructional videos, I think its just terminology that's the confusion.
Worked perfect for me.  Many ways to cook a great steak. Added this one to my arsenal.  Awesome job.  Thanks so much.
what is the rub recipe I want to try this?????
Nice cook sir, beautiful sear and finished temperate.  I will try the 30 second flip. Do you list the specific make up of your rub?
Had to be patient there. I was worried about the amount of flipping. Good job!
How many gram is that ribeye? Doesnt look like a normal ribeye cut, how do you order that from the butcher?
Came for the ribeye stayed for the steak water
I adopted this method about a year ago, after watching this video, and my ribeye game is dialed in now. I just do black pepper and a butter patties at the end. Thanks. Good stuff.
Let that rosemary rest on top of the steak. Man oh man.
Gotta ask.  Why coffee grounds?
As a beginner this was very helpful! You have a great presence in the video as  well. Thanks!
I love your seasoning technique as well as your cooking of this steak! I will be trying this one! Thanks!
Dude! This was the best freaking 🥩 I ever made!!!
Love how he mixed the ingredients together and you can all most taste the steak 👋
Once you choose a good quality thick ribeye steak, you can cook it any way you choose, using any seasoning of your choice, and I will always give you a good thumb up, cause I’m always, always open to a new seasonings and cooking ways, with the thick piece of meat forever known as a STEAK.
what ingredients are in d rub??
looks hella good but seems like you over season it with the coffee rub? how's taste?
That looks delicious.  The big test is once you cut into it, and the inside is still partly red & juicy.
Kosher salt. hahahah Beste!
On first flip, I thought, WTF, but at the end, it turned out really nice.
I am confused? did you want the flavor of the steak or a shitload of seasoning?
Coffee in steak, first time I heard.
I flips the meat
wonderful  okay  muscle   سلام   پیاز قرمز   تخم مرغ  انگور سبز   قارچ  سنگک  hi   egg red onions  green grapes   champignon    sangak bread  .  стакан  чайй thanks goodbye  . chaot
Gordon Ramsay would burn your kitchen down
Yummy
How did he not overcook it. How do you when it is done. Because mine ends up being chewy in the middle. Extremely disgusting😫
Coffees for drinking, not cooking. Probably tastes like Starbucks.
nailed it!
Why so many dislikes this thing looks amazing
no basting?
Please clarify "coffee grounds". Is this ground coffee or what's left from making a pot of coffee? Always looking for new ways to cook my favorite!
Winner, winner, flippin' steak dinner! Loved all your ingredients!
I never get tired of watching this excellent video @The Culinary Fanatic. Had a small boneless chuck steak in the tiny fridge freezer too long. Took it out to thaw in the fridge and will cook it in my Lodge skillet on the electric barbecue grill out on the balcony so there'll be no splatter issues in the kitchen. ;)
Vegetsble oil. Straight to jail!
RUINED
yeah, no, thats not how you cook a steak. should be flipped once when you're searing it
We did this today.  Great!
Nomnomnom😛
Does the rosemary and garlic really do anything to the butter? Steak is perfectly cooked! Can you use a cast iron on a glass stove top?
SOY MEXICANO ECXELENTE
I prefer to let it sit. It gets a better crust at the risk of burning. All you have do is peek and look. I used this method and overall the steak is more tender but I just like a thick char.
You are a bad cook! 🤢
I did this and the vegetable oil burst into flames in a solid 3 seconds...
I have never seen a steak cooked like this at first I had my doubts but this looks amazing and I think I'll give this a try well done (well done on the video not the steak haha)
thats not how u cook a steak bro.......fail
I am on a carnivore diet. Became addicted to eggs and bacon in the morning and ribeye at 3pm. Lost 20 pounds in less than two months. Ribeye rules! Love your method, by the way.
Great. Love it.
4:22 ...the butter it's burning...that's why is smoking...
Excellent video. Great crust. Who cares if the guy put seasoning on the steak. Looks fantastic.
Love this channel and that was a delicious looking steak
What kind of shity oil did you ruin that steak with.?
Can I have the list of seasonings he used in the video please ??
Coffee grounds? Interesting.
Add steak + 13 flips total. I am so surprised the gradient of the meat is almost medium all the way with a super beautiful crust. That crust is to die for.  If you don't like the coffee, just omit it. I believe with just salt pepper garlic and rosemary is good enough.....
🐄😋
No man. Don't flip it. Leave it. Just fucking leave it. Only need to flip once.
Fantastic job.  Looks amazing.
Overdone
Love this!
Crisco has a lower smoke point than olive oil.
I followed this to a tee. It's amazingly delicious. I only changed the amount of time in the pan because i like brown meat. But I wouldn't recommend eating stuff like this too much because it's very unhealthy
So....how long did you cook it to get it to medium? I lost count.  lol
How hot is blazing hot? The highest level your stove can go?
How did your smoke detector not go off lol
that looks great!
don't play with food !!!!!!!!!
Are you 650ib ?
worth the heart attack imo
That looks fantastic!  I'm going to try this tonight.
Looks great
Love your video...What is cooking time per thickness for med rare please?
That looks like a good steak... Think imma try that method. BIG THANX.
Hey brother love all your videos!  Definitely going to try this recipe.  Also it’s great all the instructional videos you have about maintaining and restoring cast iron!
You’re my hero
Crust looked ugly, but it’s what’s inside that counts. I plan to try a coffee rub on my next steak.
Well done, brother.  I mean good job.
Instead of flipping the steak every 30 seconds. Why not just use a meat thermometer? Isn't that why meat thermometers were made for?  I am also not convinced the flavor at the end was as good as it could be. That was way too much coffee rub added at the end of cooking. And coffee becomes bitter as it oxidizes. I would use half as much coffee rub and 50% less searing  with the coffee rub!
NOOB
I think all that seasoning kind of detracts from the elegance of a steak fried in a cast iron pan.
Just cooked a ribeye your way.  Outstanding, and I'm not a very good cook.  I did use pseudo Outback seasoning - which we love.
Shoot, I was pouring myself another glass of wine, and I missed when he flipped the steak.  Did anyone see how he did it?
My opinion is the only thing he said that I agreed with was it needs a lot of salt. No wonder this guy doesn't show his face, he doesn't know wht he's doing with a steak... Almost ridiculous!
Best steaks ever! Ive been using your method for ar least a year, and it fabulous to have steak house style steak at home! Anf guess what? No need for steak sauce! I cant thank you enough! Amazing!
I think you should flip it more. After all you haven’t quite killed it yet!! Oh ya add the coffee rub
I might suggest using two halves of the pan when you flip. Even though cast iron is good at storing and retaining energy, the steak is dramatically cooling the pan every time the steak touches it. This steak looks beautiful, but if you have any issues with BTU output, using both sides of the pan will help it return to high heat while the steak is searing on the other side.
Did you leave the heat the same ? looks really Good !   making me Hungary . Thanks for your video .
That looks awesome , it's going to rain today so forget the grill I'm going for the skillet . Thanks for the help
Perfect medium steak. Just the way I like it. I’ve never seen a 30 second flip. 👍🙏✌️🌞😎
I like the part where blood is starting to run out yummy for a vampire lol
Awesome, will try tomorrow. Thank you!
Look this is not cooked properly even half cooked as you can see because the steck is so thick i don't think it is for me i like to be fully cooked or completely row not fifty fifty plus the amount of seasoning and turning over make it half cooked no enough time the heat to go through any way try that way and let us know thanks for the effort
I love how you cook your rib eye I love rib eye meat. Thank you. Bless your big heart.
very nicely done....I love cooking with cast iron....long lost tradition...
Nice
The steak is looking great and I have to consider that cooking method myself.
who won the hell in their right mind would put coffee on their steak unless you're a bloody Hawaiian
Thanks. Great video.
I'm having steak tonight !  Oh yeah !
Wow how does this man have over 1000 thumbs down and my mouth is watering for this steak 🥩
Looks like crap.
Looks delicious!
Looks great!
Can you cook this steak in the same way using a ceramic pan, or will the result not be as good?
I can't watch you anymore. I get friggin hungry every time........... Kidding of course, great stuff man.
I am sooooo hungry now. Trying this entire technique - constant flipping and coffee grounds
Watches steak cooking video, sets kitchen on fire, sprays boiling butter into ones face.
I see a lot of people asking exactly how long he actually cooked the steak. He flipped the steak 14 times (plus the first 30 seconds of the steak going into the pan) for a total of 15 counts of 30. He spend an extra 30 seconds when he put the coffee rub on the steak. So in total he cooked the steak give or take, a total of 8 minutes.
I was looking for a solid video on how to cook a delicious steak and your video popped up. Even though it was posted 5 yrs ago it was the main video that peaked my interest 😉 So, I'm trying this out tonight and I'll leave a comment to let you know how it turns out. Thank you for sharing your technique with all of us 👍🏿
1st never used vegetable oil 2nd never season a steak after its cooked 3rd you waited tp long to baste it
Not enough flip
Thank God you and I are not related because I would be inviting myself to dinner every night. You videos are amazing and you do not make enough of them.
Oh mama love it
it's HIS steak, let him cook it to however. and not everybody likes bloody seeping steaks, let the man be. medium should be the norm!
I will be doing this! That looks great
OH MAN that looks FANTASTIC!!! Perfectly cooked!!! I need to try the flipping method next time. Thanks for the video!!
I love a warm pink center
Man that was awesome! I was drooling when you cut into that fine ribeye!  Please cook another and give me a call bro!
what an unusual rub coffee
I can't believe I wastes my time on 2 videos made by this guy.... what a complete moron. I'm guessing he works at freaking sizzler
good job my man  looks good  and gordon is a doche
god bless
I turned off when he said that there's a Million Ways to cook your Steak . . . . . there isn't . . . . I hate liars
To black
subscribed. nice job
Excellent...! That was approximately a 1" ribeye, and how many flips would you estimate? Or is the crust the determining factor? Asking because you didn't use a meat thermometer, therefore requesting your imperial knowledge. Thanks in advance. Peace
you must like salt, i put salt on and it was so salty i could not eat it, next time no salt for me or any other crap just the steak, i  much prefer my coffee in a cup with milk not in s pan with a steak. But a great video interesting
Thank you sir
He done flipped it too much.  I'm calling bullshit.  <3
Omg this is perfect sear, flipping, really who knew, invite me to dinner, ha
that would be a 10 second sear.
I'm not gonna lie, when I first started watching I was very skeptical... But I can't argue with the results! Everything you explained & demonstrated made sense. Especially just starting with salt & adding the herbs & spices later.... You definitely put me on to something there.... When you cut that steak, that was pure... "Food Porn" 😂... All in all great job my Brother!!! 👍
You should be arrested for First Degree Murder. You killed that innocent steak with pre-meditation. Reality TV could not come up with a more grisly murder. I have seen people destroy meat before, but none with the intensity you displayed.
That steak looks magical 🧙‍♂️
I feel like he’s cooking the steak too long
Olive oil is better in my opinion
Dang this is awesome!
Looks good, i gotta have some onions, great job!
Just used this method last night and it worked perfectly. Thanks for this.
Nice dark crust!  Really?
Great Stake. 👍🙏✌️❤️😘😎
Flip and flip then press it so that the juices will come out nicely.
What is the deal with kosher salt ? Why ppl so crazy about it ? Salt is salt, even in Africa ! Use a regular. Do not overspend.
disgusting.
i liek mine thick and rare
At first I was cussing the dude out. At the end of the video I was impressed and hungry for a good steak like this! NIce work!
Everything you DON'T do with a steak
been flipping my steak for every 30 seconds since October 2013, u think it will be medium rare at this point?
Black like your hands????
Eww when cut the steak open there was blood in it. Learn how to clean your chicken man
Yummmmy!!!!!!
REAL CHARCOAL
I'm crying because I can't be there to sample it. I thought he may have over cooked it but when he cut it down the middle and exposed that pink inside I knew his recipe was a winner.
Wow!!! Can't wait to try it.
What's the difference between"kosher salt"and sea salt?
Can I cook a big cowboy steak like this?
Love it. Gonna try it for sure!
Everyone got there way they cook perfect steak I like to put my on the hot hot grill , right  after I put salt an pepper on it an then flip it one time and it’s the perfect Steak. Got to have a hot  grill. Around 700 degrees
Man that looks amazing!!!!!
Cremated
What temperature is your burner on?
I think the pan was too hot. Seems like this was his first time doing this after he watched a video or two.  Can't imagine seasoning CI with coffee
This is so much BS. Put the heat on medium and just flip it once after 2 minutes. Spare yourself some hassle....
I wish that in the description box you would list all your spices and what kind of meats. Great videos!
Awesome info.  Thx for sharing!
Nope, no coffee steak for me.  Lol
So beautiful I cried a little.
Excellent steak doneness!
I'll try the coffee grounds with my personal rub, and pan sear technique. A little to done for me, but to each his own. Thank you for sharing.
What was the total time you cooked the steak for?
Who puts coffee on a good steak? Why does he disallow pepper? He turns it at 30 seconds and keeps mashing down on it. This is how NOT to cook a ribeye. It will be tougher and dryer. I couldn’t turn away from him putting a pound of cheap coffee on a steak, it was like watching a train wreck.
Hey!   Good job bro.
Why are all YouTube stake videos bloody in the middle
I wish Gordon Ramsay was there
Cheap oil steak is ruined
I like the constant flip method too. I’m with you man
A lot of shifts use all of oil you can use either one
Love it , thanx for sharing your method.
OMG perfect!
Can't believe that much butter was used
Too Slow
I think I’ll give this a try.
Beautiful
Never cut steak right into the middle. Cuts steak right in the middle.
Looks good personally the only issue I see that is a for sure no go is metal on cast. Always use wood or plastic if you must. Seasoning is a personal choice and so is flipping once or 30 times. Good job on the finished product bud.
Is there any way you could do this in batches for like 3-4 people?
Avacodo oil has a higher smoke point if ya dont want the smoke alarms to go off lol
Just flip it every time your smoke alarm goes off
A little fresh herbage and garlic in there for a nice basting finish. Pro moves!
How do you know when the steak is done to medium?  Dont think he used a meat thermometer.
That actually looks pretty amazing
More flips than the Olympic gymnastics team.  Still a good video. Respect
I tried this method for fun. It loses flavor.
20$ 3 day old fridge meat with dollar store tongs. Solid bro solid
Can I just use salt I don't like coffee rub for this recipe
The amount of seasoning and salt seems a bit excessive. But I guess however u like your steak 🤷🏽‍♂️.
The steak looks like it been cremated
No need for that rub though
This is how to destroy the interior of your house , between the grease and smoke . The amount of butter and fat and oil that the steak is sitting in makes me not want to touch it . I'm sorry , I prefer grilling any day over this
Nailed it.
I don't feel like commenting
i love adding shitaki mushrooms to that and whole jalepenos
"make sure its steak seasoning and not regular seasoning" - best chef in the world
uncooked steak still red inside wtf u might as well eat raw steak lol
Cast iron isnt the best way a charcoal grill is the best way
That's burn steak.
No
Coffee just ruins steak , why do people do this
This is not steak
/drool
Excellent. Exactly how we like our  ribeye. Well done
Coffe really? Nah i think salt and P. Thatd all
oh btw. season just prior to searing. not ahead of time.
so is your wife a vegetarian?  I see the ring and only 1 steak.  lol
Beautiful sear, I’m going to do that method the next steak I cook minus the rub.  I prefer just salt and pepper.  I’m curious what that rub would taste like but I can’t imagine liking a coffee taste on steak.  Good video though
Over cooked
04:27, now that I have over cooked this steak lets add some butter and cook it again. Also apply needless  "rub" to a steak
Looked PERFECT!
Don't Forget course Pepper ?
Actually I thought your steak was a small roast. How many times did you turn it? Looks scrumptious
Ummm....
Awesome video - tried this tonight - came out AWESOME!
Tried it with coffee grounds.... dog wouldnt even go near it....
great looking steak but as for seasoning id just use salt
very nice
nice job brotha .
Great vid! I have two questions though... Is that giant steak for one person? Does the ground coffee give the steak coffeeflavour? I never seen this combo before...
Coffee grounds?  Shirley, you jest?
Nice one👍
OMG are you gonna eat it or play with it??? Coffee grounds...uchhh!!!
Another great video! I happen to have the same pan and was hoping you could tell me roughly how old that style of Lodge skillets is?
Great video and it looks amazing.
Man, you're an amazing cook/chef! That steak looks so perfect! Thank U for sharing!
Dam my mouth watered from the time I saw the thumb nail!
Looks great, what's the total cook time on a steak that thick?
I agree with everything you did except for that rub.
season the steak(salt and pepper) the olive oil in pan, half way to cooking the steak to your preference you add butter, 1-2 cloves of garlic (depends on size of steak) then rosemary and thyme and you base it.  just a tip, i know that it's you eating it and not me so you're going to make it to your liking but don't flip the steak to much and don't put that high of a heat or you'll burn the butter and then end up burning the steak.
Looks great -- you should clarify the butter first
Thank you for such a great video.  A beautiful steak, excellent method of cooking, great preparation, well spoken, and well done
Sous vide > any other method  Trust me.  Buy a sous vide machine... Even the salmon will blow your mind.
Yes that is perfect my man..looks good to😎😎
Too raw for me
Wow...hating on a man cooking a steak...that takes a sad person. Steak looked great sir. I've been cooking the same method after seeing Gordon Ramsey, with slight differences, but each to his own!!! Food, like everything else is subjective!   I have my cast iron pan seasoned pretty well, once the pan gets searing hot, I put my steak on. I flip mine every minute, and just go by the way it looks, usually about 3 minutes each side on a steak that thick.   I've never tried that rub, but I will to see how I like it. I use just salt, with garlic and butter added about midway through the cooking process. The butter is the magic on these steaks I have found.  Thanks again for your video and keep on sharing if you have other ideas👍 God bless!
soooo beautiful
that is definitely pretty
Watched this video when the grill wasn't accesibaly, this is now the ONLY way I'll cook it at home. The way it crusts is amazing
:DD wtf....seasoning breaded charcooal
I like it........
And...... flip🤸‍♂️🤣
That's closer to medium well
Would this method help prevent the tendency of steak to curl? Mine are usually thinner cuts that curl despite being out at room temperature for an hour prior to cooking
was skeptical, tried it, followed directions to a T, absolutely loved it.
I"ve got to try this. That steak looks perfect.
That is a Heston Blumenthal method.
You broke every rule of cooking a steak, but it works...Congrats....
Processed meat is disgusting 🤢🤢🤢
Jesus fucking Christ how much rub are you gonna put dude. And why on earth would you put coffee on ur stake? Smh
looks great to me, so many ways to enjoy, thx for sharing
Good looking steak. Nice.
I like flipping after it's a good seer both sides then flip baste ect
What a garbage seer
My grandfather was a butcher. He told everyone that he sold meat to never turn the steak to much.  Makes it tough!!   6 to 8 min per side. Med steak.
Beautiful !
rub coffee grounds on your steak, brown it and then bake it
blackend Steak mmmmm
I doubted you at the end until I saw you cut it that is a beautiful steak
Coffee rub. I thought we was cooking steak
my fist one was a lodge too 👌
I feel bad for this stake. It is a big cut but i guess you have to try it before judging. I think the better result would be flipping less and let the inside juices stay instead of evaporation.  How do the middle of the stake comparing to the sides?
Great video, I'm all about the Constant Flip Method
Thanks for posting.  Looks fantastic!  Can't wait to give it a go!
That looks tight dude, but if I want to cook it with only salt and paper, at what moment i should season it, before, cooking or after
Sorry bro but that crust is bad and you flipped way too much. The way you season was also fucked up
I've done both methods for a long time now. Both works depending on the situation. I like to do the constant flip method just for searing. For thick steaks, I always slow roast it for 45 min to an hr... then sear it for 2-3 min each side if using cast iron. If using grill for searing, I flip constantly to prevent one side from reaching a higher temp due to flames rising and I want even Med. rare but golden brown on the outside.(not black crust) Usually 5-6 min while constantly flipping.
awesome job! I'm hungry! I'm making Paige go get the ingredients right now so we can try this method of making an awesome steak... thanks mister 😚
Coconut oil for high temperatures. vegetable oil is mysterious poison.
he's using heston's method of cooking steak, i tried it and it's amazing. And your steak looks great
Looks delicious, man
coffee?!
Looks GRRREEEEAAAT!
LIFE HACK: never watch cooking videos of your favorite food before grocery shopping.
I'll take 2 please.
Sweet Christ my mouth started pouring like Niagra Falls after you sliced that steak open. Awesome video; about to go cook me some steak lol
How many flips did he made throughout? Also if the steak is just about a inch thick how many flips?
....I can soooo smell that!!
That looks great
i want this man to live with me and just cook steaks all day
i want this man to live with me and just cook steaks all day
suggestion; lower thr temp when you add the butter, and that will keep the butter from burning like it did
are u Jewish? because this is kosher meat. if so i love u
The steak ribeye looks so,so yummy!
OMG, this looks fantastic.  I'll have to experiment - I have an electric stove with a glass cooking top.  I'll have to see if I can get the same type of results.  Yum!
Cooked it too long. Rare steaks are the best medium rare is okay. And coffee rub? This is what we not finna do.
so now how do you clean a cast iron skillet?
too much work, way easier methods available.
wish I had smellavisoion
getting dizzy
wow..got yourself a new subscriber!
Thanks for sharing. I usually do steaks on the grill even when it snows.  I'll give this a shot
I have tried this method. Absolutely wonderful. Thank you so much
I've never cooked a steak like that, now I gotta try it...
Awesome!  I hope mine comes out as well.  Thanks for the video and for the lesson.
OH MY GOSH.... totally attempting to replicate this weekend!
Hey man, what do you base your time on, assuming a steak that I would cook would be some what thinner 1" or so. I notice you did not check the Temp.:-)
you're killing me
This looks.....flipping awesome 😂😂😂
Great video. I have been using the reverse sear method w/ a lot of success, but I think I'll try this. I like the tip on cooking w/ salt only & adding the rub, or steak seasoning, at the end. Makes sense. Have you ever thought of cooking w/ lard or coconut oil? I'm hearing lots of sketchy things related to vegetable oils.
Best steak seasoning recipe  1. salt 2. Pepper
Holy hell the amount seasoning he did is straight murder for that steak.
Looks amazing
I'm not ashamed to say that my mouth watered when he zoomed in on the plated steak.. I'll be making one this weekend! Yum!!
Nice.
What is this part bro? Didn't hear you clearly on this vid
I disliked it bc he was black.
OMG! Your hand is black but your voice is white!
There's no wrong way to cook a steak, cooking is all about experimental methods. So have fun cooking and explore new methods of cooking.
That crust is just fantastic.
Have you thought of putting your steak on the sides?
flip every thirty seconds, for how long or is he still doing it...oh, nope just until it looks like a well oiled piece of char coal, mmmm seared to death
one of the few "how to cook a steak" videos that impressed me... gonna try it this week.
Try crushing the garlic before adding it... Trust me ;)
wow you willy centered the red and pink. wow, I noticed the steak is darkest,  could it be from the coffee.
Coffee grinds. I got to try that.
He makes a good point about olive oil. Which I notice a lot of vlogs advise to use olive oil. But he's constant flipping, most folks will loss track of time for each side.
perfect!
TOO MUCH WORK!!!    U are using cast iron, you would get the same results by searing the steak adding your rub and finishing it off in the oven? that would free u up to finish off other dishes for the dinner
thanks for the method.  How many times to flip for a given steak ?   let say I want medium doneness.
SCIENCE! The maillard effect is when you sear the outside of the steak and the amino acids and sugars make that delicious brown crust. That sear does not in fact trap in any discernable amount of moisture, as steam/moisture can still pass through the sear as science has proven now, but you still want the delicious maillard effect from the sear. SO! Even cooking at a lower temp, then finished with a sear is the way to go. That's why so many chefs and food scientists recommend sous vide plus sear. However, that's expensive and time consuming. What the method in this video shows is a great alternative! The constant flipping causes fantastic evenness because the sides never have that long to heat up or cool down by a large amount, but you're simultaneously getting the maillard effect sear too. Flipping does not release moisture, science has proven that untrue as well. It actually makes your steak cook up to 30% faster! It also lessens curling/cupping when connective tissue cooks faster and shrinks up.
Yo momma's so fat ,,,,,,!! This is why Americans have a BIG problem with heart disease, cholesterol problems, arteriosclerosis, diabetes, and plain stupidity. You elected Trump also.
Good method but I can see you cooked it a little too long.
steaks are so good man, if that's how he like it then its great! I could post a video of how I cook mine and there would be a lot of opinions but in the end it does taste delicious.
That is unbelievable! It looks like your really onto something, the best looking not-well-done beef I have ever seen.  I'm going to try this soon as I get a cast iron pan!
Always willing to try someone else's method, never know what you might find that works for you until you try. When it comes to Steak so many different styles.
ohhhhh mannnnn...
Looks great, I also use this method of cooking steak. I've never cooked in cast iron though. Why should you never use olive oil in high temp cooking?
looked raw
everytime he flips it take a shot!!
man Cast Iron is the BESSST to cook on! i cook almost everything in my cast iron!!
Constant flip method? Yeah nah man.
looks awesome
I seriously thought he had fucked it with all his flip flip flip but when he finally cuts into it....it looked amazing
i always wonder if they eat the food after they cook it, cause i would instantly dislike if people cook it for the video, and throw away food like that -.-
Interesting method! I prefer reverse sear which I'm sure you've at least heard of or tried (I haven't watched your other videos) but I'll have to try this method. Never heard of a coffee ground rub either, something else to try!
Coffee grounds? Interesting.
so this looks fine, if you are going to flip the steak so often you can flip it every 10-15 seconds. Heston Blumenthal does this and he used thermal imaging to show after 10-15 seconds the top part already loses its heat. just a tip to get a better crust and a more even cook. great looking steak by the way.
Oh, dear Lord, that looks so good. Thank you for sharing. I will have to give this a try.
DAMMMMMMM That's a lot of seasoning
He's Mr. steak flipper . LMFAO
I think the coffee grounds would not be chewable and be annoying.
I really liked the part where he flipped the steak
so do u cook this steak on real high the whole time?thx I just got my first cast iron..
Not the way I'd do it, and too done for my taste. But helluva job. As long as you like a medium steak, I'd say you did perfectly. Forget all the negs, season how you want. This video may have just made me want to make a video. We should collaborate after we're both YouTube famous haha. Great job man.
Jeffrey, I've never tried the constant flip method but after viewing this video, and seeing your results, I'll definitely try it in the near future. Thanks also for your videos on caring for cast iron. Keep up the good work!
I used to do constant flipping....  I learned I didnt have to ,to get the same results... otherwise it works
A big slab of cow
me " that's so over cooked." him "and now I'm going to add butter and season it." wtf
drinking game, take a shot every time he flips it.
U know a steak is fuucked when u saw one.
great looking steak! Did you add more oil at any time while cooking the steak before before adding butter?
LOOKS GOOD!
P.S. For Venison I do this marinaded and bring it down at the same time flipping the meat with butter in the sauce till it is sizzling then deglaze.  It is excellent.
I am totally down with your method.  I do the same thing, although I use a tad of 50/50 olive oil and butter to start, steering away from GMO stuff.  I had to laugh when I said out loud this is where I would hit it with some more butter, and you did!  Excellent.  I see people criticizing your spices but what part does a moron not get that you can use whatever spices you love.  I love this method for pork chops also, really any cut of meat.  I can always see what is going on and not over cook it.  I prefer my stuff a bit more rare than you but to each his own.  I chimed in because I want to add my twist to this.  Right after I take my cut of meat out I de-glaze the still searing hot pan with heavy cream and pour it over the rested meat.  It makes a quick and lovely gravy.  Thanks for your video and your efforts :)
looks good specially the outer crust
you play with your meat way too much LoL
look at that, oh! - nicely done dude
Now that's what I call steak! In all other videos I've seen, ppl seem afraid to season it up. Looks delicious!
my favorite part in when he flipped the steak the 5th time then the 1st time
Awesome, well played sir. Thank you for your time and effort
you know your black when you put that much seasoning on one steak
Just tried this method,  steak came out great!!! Thanks for your post!!
Great recipe.
This gave me some new ideas. I'm going to add milk powder, cocoa powder, and brown sugar.
bro...i just tried this tonight for my wife's birthday and it was a hit.  can get a touch smoky however, but one of the best steaks I have ever tasted.  thanks for the video....and btw, the marbling in your steak is amazing!
0:08 Holy. That steak is as big as Texas.
Try Sous Vide...
god bless this guy  but he just dos not how to cook a steak im not cutting him down lets get this wright ok thanks
Anything over medium-rare on a ribeye is sacrilegious.
Looks really succulent! thank you!
awesome, about to do my own, I like your video best of what I've seen
Can you show me your flip method one more time , i missed it!
For all those who claim this is a bad way to cook a steak, if he made this steak for you, you would devour it like a Lion eating a gazelle.  I know I would!
Do you let the steak come to room temperature before you begin?   And how long in total was it in the pan for?
great job
I can't eat rare meat bt I like the seasoning ingredients
To each their own but I wouldn't eat that steak on a bet. I prefer mine cooked.
that's a lot of butter lol
It worked perfectly!  Thank you for the great tutorial.  I LOVE your old school kitchen.  You have nice hands too!
just open a window. I love that. it is impossible to sear a steak without a Little Smoke.
Burn
The singe is far too toxic for consumption, and one should not season meat that's already in the process of cooking! I hope you did not feed this to your family but rather to your drunk buddies only because your drunk buddies can handle the toxins due to the alcohol in there stomachs.
man just tried your recipe and it was great! this was my first steak on cast iron. thanks for sharing this.
That is a nice steak. Looks like it turned out great. Gonna try the constant flip on a couple of T-bones tonight. Prefer ribeye, but got what was on sale... thanks for sharing..
He should of said what type of steak he was going to make before he started cooking because it looked like he wanted it to be well done but it came out medium so he played it off like wow look at that beautiful medium rare steak that im gonna put back in the pan when this video ends
flip every 30seconds?? well thats new...
I've never seen Gordon Ramsey touch his steak that much and I'm no expert but it looked a little blue to me!!
that's the dumbest way to cook a steak! DON'T FLIP MORE THEN ONE TIME!!
YUM!👊
That looks so good!!!!
Burn steak👎👎👎👎👎
looks pretty fucking good bruh!
I like steaks well-done. Yeah, I know this is sacrilege. So go ahead and tell me to kill myself.
That steak will stop your heart.
nothing wrong with his method..more than one way to cook a steak. i would use his technique, but add onions instead or rosemary...see--different strokes..either way...I would have ate that bad-boy...
you are my hero
if you do use this method I would suggest you consider where you place your steak initially. provided your pan is large enough you should use one side for the initial sear and then use the second "virgin" half for the other side.
not impressed - look up "dry brining" - best steak ever without any goofy seasoning besides salt and pepper...
Everyone knows drop it in and don't touch it and flip once. Don't watch him make potatoes it's murderous.
Awesome video! Thank you!
hey, you forgot to flip it again
Cooked it too long.  Just knock the horns off and send it my direction.
Nice video! Steak looks delicious. Gonna try it.
Way too much work, bro.
1: DO NOT constant flip your steak 2: DO NOT use that much seasoning .... on regular size steaks.  With this big thick cut though, this guy is right on the money. Also, nice tip on vegetable oil instead of olive oil for high heat.  Looked DELICIOUS!
the room must stink after this
That steak look assume I am going to try this . Thanks for the great recipe and Good job on the video.
if you are doig this at home for just a few this is great
that's a pretty interesting way to cook a steak honestly I never heard of it done like that but I'mma keep an open mind and I'm not going to knock it til I try it great video
Lost me when I saw the chemical laden kosher salt. Fail!
it's actually bad to constantly flip you steak  for so many reason even if it's in a cast iron skillet
Excellent video with clear instructions and explanations.
Oil everywhere...
that's beautiful !!
that dark crust and on the outside and the soft pink inside is the best .
hey thanks for the video , I find my pan looses heat once the steaks been cooking on it . is it down to how well it's been seasoned, I mean pan seasoning ?
This my friend is a perfect steak!
Great video in my opinion. I have never used a cast iron before. We just bought like a 10 inch skillet with ridges in it and not flat like yours. Not sure if it will make a difference. Do I follow the same procedure with my skillet or not? Also, we have an electric cooking top, which is definitely not my favorite but that is what I have. Also, at what time do I add the butter, garlic cloves and rose-merry? I like my steaks MEDIUM. My wife likes the steaks Medium Well, because she cannot tolerate seeing blood haha. Any tips or advice?
If you're gonna heat it past it's smoke point, it really doesn't matter what oil you use. It smokes, it breaks down.
Thanks mr.jefferson
I cooked a steak this way once. Once.
I'm impressed bro, I thought as long as you cooked that it would be medium well, but it looked about right.
As a chef I believe in breaking the rules as much as following them when it comes to cooking. You need to do both in order to keep tradition and make new breaking ground for something revolutionary. Don't knock something until you try it people.
This is different and I'm intrigued
this was painful to watch
Thanks. I'm a meathead and thought I had cooking steak figured out. Your flip method does make a better steak!
Don't use olive oil due to a low smoke point yet you throw in butter....
your an IDIOT ,
Ok so i used this method last night. One of the best steaks ever minus the biggest coffee rub, I used another one. Excellent vid. I used ribeye choice.
must smell the place something awful and throw grease everywhere. I cook steak outside on grill in pan so I don't worry bout making a mess
I usually use the broiler or grill it on the smoker. Gonna try this tonight minus the coffee rub, i will use another rub.
Mmmmmmmmmmm
But brooooooh. You didn't render the fat :/
Wow! thanks for your video. Fantastic.
G R E A T! A+, you win.
Everyone's a critic. Haven't even tasted the meat yet. We needs a Steak pesis coke challenge.
looks tasty. great channel man.
Very very nice. Well done, no pun intended
cancer steak
Nice!
omg mouth watering
Unless you're dealing with a piece of pre-frozen corn fed steak, salt, pepper, Garlic, butter and thyme are all you need. The combination of those herbs and spices are all you need to ((*compliment*)) the natural flavor of the steak. Grass fed organic Steaks already have a delicious flavor without seasonings. Marinating them is subpar. :) and medium rare is the perfect temperature because the meat is fully cooked, still very tender and the flavor hasn't been cooked out or completely altered. Medium is acceptable but anything more cooked, the steak loses flavor and moisture and slowly becomes jerky. Granted, everyone has their own preferred taste.
ruined it
When he cut into the steak, I started drooling.
Would you mind telling where to get that handle cover?
Looks awesome, that rosemary garlic seasoning is what won me over ....
i wonder how it smells from that seasoning . that looks really good by the way!.
Dude, NO!
Sure looks tasty.Thanks for sharing.
burn 5 on a side and enjoy
I have cooked my steak out on the grill in the back yard (year round, even in the snow). I to flip the meat a bunch of times to cook it evenly but I don't "build a crust" as much as you do with a frying pan. I use the cheapest steak in the store, season it, pound it with a tenderizing mallet, and grill it. Always turns out great.
Wylie Dufresne chef wd-50 flip steak every 8-7 seconds.. here a link why it works.  http://kottke.org/15/01/the-fast-flip-method-of-cooking-steak
that looks amazing, I might want mine a little pinker. great video man!
It's 11pm and I'm about to cook me a steak!
Dank
What was your total cool time?
Nailed it. That is more or less how I do mine. That made me hungry. Haha.
Youre my favorite person. It looks so good. I have a question about carbon steel. Do you find that its much harder to season than cast iron? Also I think you should do more recipes! they have all been mouth-watering so far.
I like it!
i thought it was only white ppl who ate their meat bloody.
Fucking delicious I loved this!!
Way to much oil and seasoning. Yuck
why the dislikes? it looks good
this guy just trolled the whole internet!
I lost 150Ibs eating steak like this.
Man, you fucked that up
This has been consistently proven to be the best way to cook red meat other than sous vide. People who say otherwise are uneducated. Flipping once leads to uneven cooking, less sear, and crust. Constant flipping gives you a steak that is similar to sous vide in that roughly 80-90% of the meat is at the desired doneness (med rare-rare) where as 1 flip usually only leads to the center being a med rare to a rare, with roughly 30% of the steak cooked close to well done if a proper sear is desired.
Great video, thank you for sharing.
Apologies for my english... I'am from a country with ancient tradition in meat. I can't believe what this chef did. He ruined the steak. From the method of cooking (flip flip flip) to the seasoning. Yo do not need to seasoning with that shitty products that rest flavour to the meat!!! And coffee?¿??? REally???? And in the end those black crusts, ruins all the flavour!!! Ant they are too toxic for your body. Trust me, just add salt and nothing more, you will really taste the flavour of the meat itself.
this is going to be my first thumbs down of any video i have ever watched on youtube. congrats
you should not need to add oil at all with a fatty cut like that also a constant flip is a terrible idea, should only use one flip seriously, you are squeezing out the juice with every flip which is where the flavor cones from aside from the fat. you need to learn how to one flip dude
Omg …. I'm about to get out of my PJ's at 10:30pm, & get dressed and go buy me some steak and potatoes after watching this video. Lol  YUMMY
Only need to flip once.
Poor steak
do not eat red meat that's how you get sick
I'm with you on most of this but I don't flip so many times. Also, I add sauteed onions and mushrooms to the steak at the last few minutes so they cook together. Maybe it makes a difference, maybe not but I like it that way. Thanks, CF.
for that sized steak how long does it take the way you did it cast iron/30 sec flips?
Coffee Ground rub is very common, I'm surprised people are freaking out lol.  Golden Corral and Home Town Buffet do it,  most people are eatin it without even knowing xD
Hi Jeffrey, I want to try this flipping method. Was the stove on high heat the entire time?
When you cut down the middle it took my breath away. Whoa!! Perfection.
Did you lower the burner setting when you add the rub and butter?
Excellent, realise the hounds Smithers.
i have tried so many different ways to cook a steak and this by far is the best. it makes such a great crust on the outside of steak.
I don't know whether this guy is a genius, completely insane, or both!? I guess I'd have to try the recipe out myself to find out. But if he really cooked it as fast as he said he did to make sure it wasn't well done, then...... uhhhhh, well done!
You forgot to render down the fat.
my mouth is watering!
Xx
Looked really good and delicious, but.....coffee??????????????????????????????????
you play too much with your steak man.. just let it do its thing
shoulda basted earlier bro, that rosemary is hurtin'
最后不浇那几勺子油就更好了
I think youtube should be flooded with videos like these. I cook all the time, and I have a steak sitting in the fridge that I am going to cook for breakfast so I wanted to cook it on the stove without turinng the oven on, and this was what I referred to. I have seen it in the past but never used this method and it's simple and easy.
are you jewish
i have my own version, much tastier than this one. my secret is totally cool, just rip the cow standing besides you and find the steak then put some salt and pepper plus your urine, then youll have the best steak ever.
a really good steak recipe. we smoked ours on a Weber smoky mountain
I thought Olive Oil had a higher burning point?
Your steak is black...
Man I hope you have a good vent fan! Ha. Looks great
so how high did you set your heat? and unrelated, do you recommend keeping a separate skillet for eggs and veggies or just cook everything in any skillet?
Juice=Blood=Raw=Bacteria=Emergency room.
man you can cook for me anytime brother
nicely cooked. only the butter stayed for too long and turned black or you can reduce the heat and add bit more olive oil... otherwise really good
Great video - clear instructions, good progressive shots, but no wasted time just watching it cook.  Excellent job - look forward to seeing more!
I don't know why I keep watching this
How to ruin a beautiful piece of meat...rub it with bloody coffee! What a waste!!!
Superbly done. Proof that setting and letting isn't always the best method. Cheers!
salt is just salt....
Only thing missing was bacon.
That looked fantastic!
Isn't steak seasoning super salty though? I have the keg steak seasoning and it is extremely salty to the point where I just sprinkle a bit on my steak before eating. In the video, it says that steak seasoning is barely salty enough.
I think you've used a bit too much of seasoning. steals away flavor from the meat.
Trying your method right this moment
omggggg this looks amazing.
My man, looks delicious. This is one of my favorite ways to cook a steak. I have a couple of recommendations. First, try lowering the heat just before you put the butter in, it seems too high and the butter has a very low smoking point, even lower than the olive oil the you mentioned. By that pinpoint, you have already a great crust and don't need the heat that high anymore, the garlic also burns at that temperature in about 30 seconds, do not peel the garlic, you still get plenty of flavor. The other thing that was hurting me was looking at the metal tongues scraping at that beautiful shin you had on your cast iron pan, they make plastic coated tipped tongues. Great vid though.
how many flips total?
OMG, I'm drooling; that looks so-o-o-o good!  I'm sure it tastes marvelous.  I just have one question - who gets the UN-enviable job of cleaning up all the grease spatter from the stove, the countertops, the surrounding cabinets and the floor.  Yes, the floor - I've cooked things this way myself but not too often because the mess it makes is horrendous.   (Still love your recipe though!)
How to ruin ribeye
Looks good, but doesn't the butter burn with the pan that hot?
My favorite part is when he flipped it
Fantastic, great job.  It looks sous vide.
Lmfao steak water. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Energized steak they call it down south😒😒😒😒
I'm trying to figure out what made U wanna season your steak with...coffee?!?
That is one beautiful steak
Works for me.......
B-E-A utiful!! my man!
Very Nice!! Thanks.
You got some handsome looking hands sir.
perfect steak man.
Looks delicious
Soooo who cleaned that pan????????
That looks great but you better have a good exhaust fan.  That would stink up the house for weeks.
Looks Fantastic ! I will be using this method on my next steak.
OMG.. This is absoultly bad steak...... stop!!plz!!
Ive been into cast iron for a few years now but haven't done a steak yet.  Myself and my other half, BOTH like our steaks medium well to well done.  can it still be done to my liking without burning?  About how long would it take?  I know size of the steak will vary times but???   Also,  Are you cooking it on a HIGH heat through out the entire cook?
Yeah, mine turned out really good, i made 2, where one had the coffee mixture and one didn't, the one with coffee tasted good, but the one without tasted better. (in my opinion). I prefer my steak raw, so i didn't leave it in quite as long as you, but it turned out good so. Great video btw!
God give us steak to grill it not to cook in pan
I stopped vieuwing when he said, "we're going to be using some 'steak seasoning'" in an american accent. Atleast fucking read out the spices used in steak seasoning, it's not a universal thing bro. Not everyone lives in America.  I like the idea of coffee though.  You also don't want to burn the oil that much in the beginning, and don't want to burn the spices too much. The thyme also doesn't have to be in the butter.
Wow!! I would like to have lots of mushrooms and fried onions with mine, how  and when would you recommend doing that? Again thanks.
As an expert on steak all i can say is this is not how to cook a steak at all. I giving this 2 thumbs down.
looks awsome!
My previous house had a super sensitive smoke alarm right outside of the kitchen... would set it off every time I cooked a steak on the cast iron!
absolutely no reason for all that flipping. whether you flip once in 10 mins or 20 times in 10 mins, it's gonna cook the same. that's steak was looking delicious b4 you threw all that unnecessary crap at the end smh
There's blood on your salt container
I'm sure this guy's a chef.. good technique
This guys lost his flipping mind
i knew this was a brotha when he put that extra rub on it....i see u, fam!
I had my doubts but that looked so good.
I use almost the same seasonings, but i use a different method. I set the salt, steak seasoning and the steak aside. Then I take the coffee grounds, and here's the important part, I run boiling water through them. I then take and filter the grounds out of the water. The water should be a very dark brown at this point.   Now simply drink this water. I call it steak water. I find it to be really good in the morning.
why is olive oil a bad idea?
This steak is like sheer perfection. I can't even begin to understand how you got over 400 thumbs down for this video (maybe they're all animal rights activists lol)! Im deff gonna try this method out this weekend...Cheers sir!
What is wrong with you!!!! Why are you flipping it so many times?????
Good presentation, don't agree with seasoning or cooking method tho
Sounds like Al Roker
That is medium ? lmao.That stake is alive.
Very well done no pun intended. Best steak video I`ve seen.  You Sir are a pro!
Needs more cowbell.
I never got it...... how many seconds before you flip it ?  FFS.!!
Beautiful steak.. Great vid..
Not enough rub on it😐
moron.
this looks good. but to each its own. i would of started basing it with butter earlier and took it of the heat earlier then poured the rest of the butter in the pan onto the steak which would of been resting on a plate or maybe in foil. i like my steak a little more pink inside!!!
very good video on cooking steak  one of the best intruction videos ive seen  thanks for sharing
"Warm pink center, and black on the outside"..  scnr
Looks pretty good
seasoning with anything but salt is pointless as it will burn. why attempt to change the awsome natural flavor? dont like the taste? Eat something else.
flip,flip,flip,flip,flip,flip,flip.........then pour nescafe coffee on the steak. Then go n start smoking...or what did he say?
Great Video Man !.. can't wait to try it..  Thanks
I thought this looked delicious, so I tried it, and it's been one of the best steaks I've ever had. 2 thumbs up, way up.
I have not doubt that's the way to cook a steak, but brother your house n floor is now covered with grease and oil. you have a hell of a mess to clean up. best to cook this method outdoor, nonetheless you had one hell of a great Steak that evening, next Sunday i I'll be over for steaks w a few beers. nice recipe chef. thumps up.
Nice but just a bit past perfect for my tastes, 95% Still very nice .
My Mother used to cook steals ( filet mignon ) fry them, all the time. My uncle Ben her brother supplied the Steak. Saturdays Rocked.
What's the overall time for cooking the steak?
He is playing with his meat too much.
Jeffrey did you pull the oven method video altogether? I tried locating but I'm unable to find it. Will be looking forward to trying this method too.
Thats a good looking steak. I don't know about that method, seems like too much stuff for the same end result, but it looks delicious as hell so what do I know.
And crush up some garlic and time and butter in the skillet and bast the steak in the mixture
To much seasoning for a very flavorful steak all u need is salt and pepper and maybe some chili powder or cumin
How many minutes did you cook the steak for? Awsome method!
Very nice bet it was great, thanks for sharing.
to avoid hot pans and burning oil I put a piece of meat of this size in the oven. first I brown it under the grill and then set grill off and start flipping.oooh!! your steak looks tasty man!!
You, Sir, are a god among men. Thank you!
Wow, that looks amazing
Very good method and cooking skill. However, I can't help but wonder if there is way too much seasoning on the steak. It makes me wonder if it's like a salt/pepper bomb in the mouth. Some cooks are like that - putting too much seasoning on food. Whatever floats your boat, though.
I usually use the cast iron pan then into the oven process.   I have to say I will be going with your technique on my next rib eye. Wow the color and crust looks amazing.  Nicely done. Good steak video, I have watched a few....
looks good but too much salt and rub....
this is awesome, gotta try that coffee rub
You ruined it with your rub sir
Nice video dude.
Looks great to me. I usually cook much thinner slices with very little seasoning but I will try this for sure.
Darn, that steak look great!  Good enough to chow-down on....big-time!
Gordon Ramsey!! The man is a legend
All these people who don't even know how to cook talking... it's just pathetic honestly. Flipping at least every 30 seconds is the preferred method by many modern chefs including Heston Blumenthal and Gordon Ramsay. When Gordon talks about how you can't season after the food is cooked, he's mostly talking about salt. World's very best chefs add black pepper or other seasonings later when they are cooking with very high heat to prevent them from burning and giving undesired taste. Again, Heston Blumenthal and Thomas Keller and many other great chefs don't put seasonings other than salt when they know it's going to burn.  He did a good job on cooking that steak.
perfect steak crust
Look at the youtube comments and everyone things they are the master steak chef idc how he cooked it I would devour that steak so fast
Definitely a unique way of cooking a steak, but the results were great!  I will give this a try sometime.
Too many flips!
Man, for a great steak with good-quality meat you don't wanna add such a ton of seasoning it's totally taking away from the natural flavour imo.
Beautiful!
Sat here watching this , while eating a bag of crisp,.....bad idea, mouth water city
finally someone makes a how to cook a steak video and doesn't use a trash piece of meat
looks awesome what size was that steak .. you know what you doing looks good.
Numerous steak flips? Unheard of at any culinary standard. With every flip you're severing the 30 second sear and then starting it over again until the next flip.My condolences to the meat.
This here folks, is a perfect exemple of why people are always searching for a perfect this or perfect that. Why keep fashioning things which are supposed to be simple? A good cut of meat only needs salt, pepper and at most a good butter and it doesn't matter how many freaking times you flip it as long as you sear it avoiding juices to come out.  And by the way this one obviously tastes like rosemary.
I did not count how many times you flipped the meat. How long did you cook this Rib-eye?  Looks great.
When do you add the butter? And how long do I have to keep flipping the steak?
first of all, thank you so much for this video. Not only did it look amazing, but I had to try it. It turned out just great, and I'll be sure to keep making it more often in order to tweak it a little to my liking. Again thank you Jeffery B. Roger's,  and I'll be waiting for you're new videos for more great dishes.
some people don't realize that salt is a mineral, and unlike other seasonings, it won't burn.
looks amazing man
In Hawaii this would be known as "Huli-Huli' Steak... Usually it's Huli Huli Chicken over there... Looks tasty, give me bite already...
The color of that steak is not so good bro. SHould be much more red.
excellent job!
What was the total cook time?
wow looks better than the flip only once
this is perfect... he did a really good job. i love that char on the outside , thats ALOT of flavor
this is great. I want to eat those garlic cloves
Anyone else Feel like the meat looked absolutely horrible cause of those dark brown spots that looks like rotting meat lol.
Looks good! can't wait to try it.
Did your burner remain on high throughout the process?
I'll tell ya, I would not cook a steak your way but still looks awesome.
That crust though!
That cooked steak looks like iron recently melted out of iron ore. Or Bloom Steel
Great video. Will try your method next time I cook a steak.
I notice whenever American say they'll do something, they always go "I'm gonna go ahead and do such and such" Just an observation
Gotta try this, looks good.  Coffee grounds=ground coffee?  Or grounds left over AFTER coffee is made?
Love cooking my rib eye's stovetop. The splattering grease from the high temps is a bummer though.
what type of steak is this?
good job man! that rub is really nice
Great video!  Quick question, how fine do you grind the coffee?  Just found your channel, I like it!  p.s.  If you want to turn it up a notch, use grass fed beef.  It has an amazing flavor
Looks Great! Some people seem to not care for this method, but given the results you've achieved I can't see a valid argument. I will be trying this over the weekend in my BS&R while the wife is out of town!
That steak was more like a roast!  How many did that feed? Thanks for the viddy.   :-)
This looks great!! Can't wait to try. I don't like  garlic so I'll leave that out and replace with mushrooms. Thanks for posting this.
why so many flips most chefs say to only flip your steak when one side is fully done just wondering
this guy knows nothing about cooking
I'm going to try your method.  Looks righteous.
Super juicy man and you have done an excellent job. The permanent flippimg is also a skill you find in the best food tempels around the world. The juices running always up an down (ok mostly down😉) and this is what it makes so special juicy. Hope to see  a lot more vids from you. Best regards from germany. Flo 😊
I'll be 44 this month and have enjoyed steal all my life. Followed your recipe tonight with a t-bone and I absolutely fell in love with the flavor of my steak!! Maybe the best steak I've ever had in my life! It was so juicy!! THANKS!!!!!
that cow can still talk to you... lmfao put that nigga back on the grill
Well done
Beautiful job!!!
Virgin olive oil. don't know why u use cheap oil.  $30 steak using a $3 oil.  terrible
I applaud yo on that steak! VERY WELL DONE!  I love your technique. I will be doing this and will let you know how it turns out.
Hey we use the same morton's coarse kosher salt. I love the blue tube.
Why do that to a beautiful Rib Eye. Salt and Pepper folks that's all you need.  I prefer leaving the steak alone because grabbing the protein to much just causes all the juices to flow out.  for a steak this size 5-6 minutes on each side and basting with butter and herbs then letting it rest does the trick.
Sure looks delicious!  This is really making me hungry.  I can see this with a nice spinach salad and a baked potato/sour cream & chives.
Excellent video, that is one great looking steak!
Looks amazing, I'm not sure I'd be a fan of the coffee grounds, but I'd be willing to try it. Thanks for giving me something else to try, I love cooking and I love cast iron. My mom gave me the one her father gave her and I own over a dozen but use about 5 others in different sizes. They aren't cheap so if I'm given one or find one for sale cheaply, I buy it.
Awesome bro.. Thanks for sharing. I like mine well done how much longer do I keep flipping? Before adding the rub? Don't want to burn it lol
Heston Blumenthal's method
Whats your opinion on marinading a few hours in advance?
How long did you cook in total? Seems rather, long!
Perfectly cooked with properly used techniques. I'm very impress! Most home videos are BSers who don't do things correctly. Great job my friend. =^]
This is how I fix mine... I like to constantly flip it to insure that one side doesn't get over done... I have to try the rub with the coffee in it though! It sounds like its good! Love this video!
2/23/16 bought a thick chuck steak and another cast iron pan just to try this hope it turns out half as good as yours looked
great looking steak. Just purchased and seasoned my first cast iron pan, and now I think I know what I'm going to use it for tonight!
To each his own, but I found the combination of flavours to be confusing. Why butter + garlic + rosemary + steak seasoning + coffee? The crust was so black it looked carcinogenic. I know great tasting food isn't healthy, but this one just seemed to go too far lol.
Don't agree with the constant flipping it's pointless. TRUST ME. To get a PERFECT steak, salt and pep it down, let it sit on the counter for about an hour. Put no more than 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil in cast iron skillet put on medium heat till oil is hot. Cook steak  4.5- 5 mins on each side Checking browning once or twice a side. The key is that the last 1.5 mins of cooking put a quarter stick of butter in (the second it's melted) ladle over the meat. Then let it rest and it's num num time. This is THE BEST result you can get other than a grill.
perfect recipe, tried it without the coffee but I will follow this technique from now on
are you using a cold piece of meat? for me, I pull my steak and give it a quick rinse. pat it dry with pt's then go liberal with the salt and fresh cracked pepper and a little rub. I also use a rub with coffee. Rufus Teague's steak rub, try it! it's great. anyway after seasoned I let it sit on the counter for about an hour, depending on the thickness of the steak, 4 minutes a side for 1.5 to 2 inches for a perfect medium. med/high heat with evoo/coconut oil mixed finished with a pad of butter and a little rub...... I'm craving a steak now lol
Nice!
Great job not sure about the coffee but the steak is cooked perfect
I'm coming to a very quick conclusion that cooking steak is EXACTLY like snake oil for cars. People swear by injector cleaners, by fuel additives, by "performance spark plugs", and at the end of the day it's all just a complete scam. Same way with making a steak, "NEVER season it after it's cooked, NEVER flip the meat more than once! ALWAYS finish it in the stove" and the list goes on... the only thing I see everyone do in common is let it rest. Other than that it looks pretty much like free game as long as the end result is alright.
Steak should be done on fire and grill. Who seasons after cooking? Not to mention, this was your steak, so fine. I would like to see what a "conciencious" girl thought about her steak. Unless, mediocre is her thing. She may do a second date, you did cook.
Looks delicious. Now I'm hungry!
I'm so glad you're flipping this piece more than once for so many people think it's blasphemy if this is done this way !!!
What about using a ribbed skillet for cooking steak? Im no expert on steaks, but I have seen so many ways of doing it I am confused. Some say dont touch it and only turn once. I have tried the salted method to tenderize it too but I dont think I rinsed it enough. I like the sound of the rub and Ill give it a try.
Looks decent.  The temp looked too high and burnt the butter though.  I prefer my method.  But thanks for posting.
Perfect Center!!!!
"Crust, crust, crust". This is basically what that it is. Fried crust not steak.. That said, can't wait to try it sometime! At least its something new :).
I had my doubts with using coffee grounds with the rub, but man was it delicious. Thanks for the great method.
this $h!t flat out works! i was skeptical because of the coffee grounds and the flipping every 30 seconds , but this video actually ended up showing me a good way to get a nice crust/color on the steak from the seasoning and turning. i tweaked my rub for my personal preference but man this is the way to go for a nice fat! porterhouse or rib-eye :)
You Sir, are a steak whisperer!. Looks Awesome!.
Looks good
clearly trolling
At first I thought what the heck!  I tried it and you are 100% right about flipping it and adding the butter towards the end.  Perfect steak!!!
AWEsome!!!!
'lets pour some butter over that steak, its a little dark' as he pours charcoal over it :D
easy with that rub Jesus
shouldnt flip it that much, it will make the meat hard. should flip it 3-4 times max
I use olive oil for most dishes I cook using cast iron. no problems yet
over cook in the outside layer of the steak,, what a shame
That's a little over cooked for me
Great job!!!
why is he flipping the meat so much. its not gonna cook evely
looks very nice! ... make one for me? :D
Excellent steak, sir. I would definitely order this at a restaurant.
Looks delicious
Thank you! Looks fabulous!!
You cooked the steak really well though. Looks wonderful. Great crust.
damn that looks pretty damn good.
nicely cooked.  you could smear peanut butter on your steak and eat it cold for all i care, but i want steak that tastes like steak.  a good crust, liberal salt and ground black pepper..... maybe a lick of butter if the cut is lean.  anything else is useless.
I wish I knew why his skillet looks immaculate and mine looks like a crusty piece of iron.
Lop
Coffee grounds in the rub not really my thing, but that steak did look very good!  Pan or griddle frying is how most high end restaurants actually cook the steaks.  Grilling a steak outdoors on the BBQ is fun but they rarely turn out that nice.
THAT! was the fucken shit. I was a little unsure of your method till you cut it open and ughughchugh! Man I'm doing that heart attack in a pan for sure. Cheers.
ssa
Nice steak. Good job. Going to try the method.
Looks delicious!
Thanks for sharing..
Waaaaaaaay too much seasoning and turning. A steak should be turned ONCE only, and seasoned with salt and pepper---not some store-bought "rub". For I have spoken!
you da real mvp
looks great man, always looking for new ways to cook a good steak and this is a for sure one!
Why coffee?:)
that steak looked Frickin Delicious...I may cut down a bit on the seasoning but Iam definitely buying me a cast iron skillet.
Soon as I seen that steak I knew he was Black!
This is my third time cooking this, me and my wife loved it. Thank you for this recipe and technique!
Maybe it's just the camera, but that steak looks closer to medium-well than medium.
Interesting method of cooking a steak...goes against everything I've heard about how to cook it but I'll have to give it a go, minus the coffee rub though because I've gotta admit I dont want my steak tasting like coffee
That looks fucking delicious
Not even remotely a coffee rub fan on steak, specially a ribeye...but sweet Jesus that looks amazing. Sold me on the technique.
What on earth are they thinking of, coffee on steak!!!  What's next, chocolate?  Enjoy the meat as it is.
After you cook your steak,  do you have to clean your skillet imediately or wait till it cools off?
that's a rare salty steak
Great looking steak and nice video!
Outside good.  I'll leave pink meat for animals to devour.
wish I have a gas stove I have elec I have cast iron
yes that looks just right.
I am into coffee rubs as well, they have a nice flavor profile. A tip my brother taught me when flipping things in a hot pan is to turn the product away from yourself, so any splashed fat does not burn the cook. Mmmmm, ribeye!
Dear god. Salt, pepper and butter on a good steak. Anything else is an abomination!!! This is Bobby Flayish!
Apparently many people here have not heard of the term "Season to taste". If your taste buds aren't advanced enough to taste the natural flavor of the steak AND additional seasonings, then stick with minimal seasonings. Be happy and don't push your bland preferences on people that like to spice things up properly.  I would slather this steak with copious amounts of my favorite seasonings, served with steak sauce and caramelized onions and sauteed garlic mushrooms. If you don't like it, you are wrong.
great way of cooking a steak -I will definitely give this a try
Nice job!!!!
that looked crazy....I'm gonna try this 👍
A "rub" gets rubbed in, seasoning gets shaken or dropped on.  But that steak however you call it look's great!  The coffee and Rosemary was a real nice addition.  How thick was your steak?  I like your 30 sec flip method, I am always having trouble with the center, now I know why.  Thanks!  Nice video.
three questions : 😁🍳 What was the title of your video with sous vide? And will you be doing anymore sous vide videos? What was the name of the torch you have for putting a crust on steaks and browning things?
2 questions 1) is it okay to scrape cast iron? Is it as big of a deal as it is for non stick Teflon coated pans? 2) do you clean after every use or leave some gunk/grease for next cook?  Thanks, A college student
Why coffee?
Very nice work on that
Coffee???????
Looks amazing!
i added thyme to mine minus the coffee ! Excellent! thank you
Wow! you Americans certainly love your steak!  I don't much fancy the coffee grounds (being a Brit tea lover) but I am going to try cooking a ribeye using the 30 second rotation method.
You deserve applause good Sir.
Interesting. Cause Gordon Ramsay always said you cannot season meat after it is cooked.
What  a Great Demonstration on How to Cook a Perfect Steak, You did a very professional Job. and I might say I do appreciate the patients you have in cooking this steak. It not only takes skill but patients to do the steak justice and to bring out the flavors of the meat. WELL DONE SIR. I have read the other comments , and I find that some of these so called comments are from people who don't know what the hell they are talking about. YOU have done them a favor and they don't even know it. Thanks Again,  Steak Lover.
Would you/could you use Ghee (clarified butter) instead of veg. oil............Love your videos, I now season my cast iron, including my camp dutch ovens according to your technique.
I just got a lodge combo cast iron set. I am totally going to buy some steak  tonight and cook it the exact same way for my fiance and I. That coffe rub looks so damn good! Thanks for sharing :)
Nice skillet - bad recipe. Using a pre-made spice blend is the hallmark of an amateur.
WOW!!!!  That steak looks GOOOOD!!!!!
Tried the constant flip...just salt and pepper, then added butter at the end...best method, IMHO.
A "million ways" ? No, just one, the right way---use DRY-AGED steak, seasoned before the process. Rub your steak with coffee and S&P first before aging. Flip ONCE! Use a press, especially if there is no bone in. Form that crust and BASTE your steak FAAAAAR soooner then you did with what you did. Otherwise, ok. Nice video.
I love when chefs continually compliment their own creations, not from arrogance, but from genuine delight at what they're about to eat
All you need is salt and cook it rare.... I love ribeye steak
This worked for me too. I used a little Lawry's seasoning salt.
Cancer risk level increases after cooking like this
OK OK OK already now I'm really hungry.  Kosher salt has a great flavor.  Thanks for the video.
Interesting technique. I will try it. If i did the math right, big if,  was that about 8 minutes cook time?
Waaaaaay to much flipping.  You get this crust without all the flipping, whats the justification?
I did this last week (minus the coffee).  With the rosemary it had a different taste.  I liked it but I think I can do without it next time.   May be just, butter, garlic and some onion?
Brilliant!
this guy has no clue,what he is doing,just guessing as he is going.Making it more complex then it has to be
constantly flipping a steak is ridiculous
It looked good 5 minutes in.. Looks like a chunk of charcoal at the end.
Too much flipping.
that looks so good!
Just finished dinner and OMG, it couldn't of been better! Thank you so much for the technique and recipe.
You did a good job on this video, anxious to try this out. Ray.
very nice
Ha, ha,ha, Ohh you flipper. Sounds like you can not keep a position for more than 30 seconds !
gawdamn that looks awesome!! i'm gonna get me some ribeyes tomorro!! thanks fir the share dude, that is a great technique, I b sure to try it real soon!!
This looks delicious and do-able! I can't wait to try it. So glad I found this channel. I've never heard of using coffee grounds though. What kind of coffee ? man my mouth is watering watching this lol
Interesting technique - like the rosemary and butt tea ay.  However, another blacken steak with WAY too much heat.  And, too rare/raw for me.  Do a crust over high heat and then bake it in the oven.  I know weird, right?  But almost all of these videos show over "crusting" a steak.  Peace and love the oven.
Again, these cast iron recipes are among the most delicious and sophisticated on youtube. Thanks again!
Looks good to me, I'll try this next time...
You lost me on flipping it every 30 seconds.
I would never cook steak in vegetable oil. I would lightly coat it in olive oil or I would let a piece of bone marrow cook by itself and let that reduction be used as an oil. The rest of the video I agree with. At the end after the steak has rested add a few drops of lemon juice and it brings out the flavour nicely.
That's a lot of seasoning
Started off bad, but he finished great!
how many flips does it take to get to the...
Too much seasoning is overkill.  Coffe grinds don't belong on a nice rib eye, just some salt and pepper
I like this recipe but wonder if there is a vegan alternative.
I'm going to try this method this weekend, it came out so delicious looking! Props!
Flipping method is pretty nice. Still I like more the oven style. Oven cooking is for the more crunchy bite. I don't like the meat to be sloppy. It's has to be the perfect bite in some nice and juicy meat. Poor meat is not healthy aswell.
Wow, beautifully cooked steak, it was making me hungry just looking at it.  The thing I am curious about though, is why ad coffee to the seasoning mix?  What are you gaining by adding such a bitter flavor to the steak?  It just doesn't make sense to me.
Is there such thing as a perfect medium steak? Rare to mid rare is the only way to go!
I was about to criticize, but damn. That end result left me DROOLING!!! Mad props to you my man.
That looks freaking AWESOME! Totally gonna try this method! Thanks for sharing!
I could never why I person would flip  STEAK over n over like that guess something to do but ill put my steaks up against yours anyday lol time them by the thickness of the cut n flip half way thru the cooking process always seem to work best  but different ways to skin a cat as they say
Damn, you are the Man!! Beautiful Cooked steak!! I talked to a Greek Gentleman, that had owned a Greek Steakhouse for 50 years. I asked him the best way that he liked to cook a steak and he said "A hot cast iron skillet and butter" looks like you know what you are doing! Thank you, for taking the time, to show us the proper way to cook a steak in the house!! : )
Just watched your superb videos on cast iron. Very informative, helpful and a pleasure to watch. Also thanks to your son for the great camera work!  I have a question: when heating your cast iron skillet do you start with high heat immediately or do you have to let it heat up slowly?  looking forward to more videos!
That's a huge hunk of meat!
sounds like obama lol
just did this. It was so good. Didn't have any kosher salt so I used sea salt, didn't have his rub so I used a little McCormick Montreal Steak seasoning
looks like he burned it lol ew
delicious....MEAT IS LIFE....I"m hungry now...damn it
cool video, thank you very much for the insight
Bad, Bad! BURN
Salt, pepper, garlic and butter that's all you need.
Thats a big steak
"some" butter? Looks like a lot of butter there bud
I usually don't season a steak with anything but salt and pepper. But, this one looks amazing!
Dont need a lot of oil, pours in a heck load of oil.
Nice looking steak. Maybe I missed it, but what was the total time you cooked? I have a 42oz bone in ribeye I'm planning on having for dinner tonight and since it's going to rain all day here in the great state of Georgia, I thought I'd try my had at cooking in my skillet vs Weber charcoal grill. I was thinking maybe 4 mins per side and then finishing in the over at about 350 for 6mins. What say you?
A less labor intensive way to get just as good of a crust is to get your oven to 500 and put your cast iron skillet in for 20 minutes. Take it out and immediately put it on a high flame. Put your steak in the pan for 2-3 minutes a side then put it back in the oven until it reaches your desired doneness!
Just wanted to throw this out there:  I know this video has been up for a while, but I wanted to say thank you for posting it!  Thank you for being so concise in your explanation and direction.  I used this method the other night and it turned out wonderful!  So, thank you very much, keep up the great videos, please!
You got me wanting to try a peppercorn crust...  This will be my second attempt and I won't feel bad for flipping it!  Thanks for the video
That crust looks AMAZING!!!
There isn't a chef in the world that would teach this "method"
This is great!
Wow... nice. I am going to give it a try. Thank you
Oh my, you have a fan for life  :) Thank you Sir.
the best way to cook a steak is well done.
Did this big steak start out at room temperature or above?
more seasoning than I'm used to, but your technique is flawless. learned a lot:)
Dude, i am 77 yrs old and have grilled a ton of steaks in my lifetime.I  did it your way last night,wow.wow.The best rib eye {the only real steak} i have ever eaten. Don't get me wrong, i love to grill and still will but all my rib eye steak's will be done this way. Great way to do them.Thanks a million for your method.Happy cooking......................
This method is fine if you like a Medium steak... I prefer rare-mr. I do the one flip method to prevent over cooking
looks awesome !! gotta try it !! usually I cook my steaks on the grill only ,, but may have to try this for something different
You are wrong in your olive oil statement!
Dice Clay take a peek at the steak at 5:34?
WOW! That was AMAZING! I watched this video because of the flipping method. I was so skeptical but it turned out so nice and delicious looking. Thank you buddy for the tips. Also, is there a coffee flavor due to the adding of ground coffee in the rub? Just want to know, but I will try this for sure.
Man... Just as some already mentioned... I can SMELL that steak through the Tubes.  SmelloVision, it's real.
Never thought of making a dry rub with coffee grounds!!!  Going to try this sometime this week.  I love extra-thick cuts of ribeye.
Is that a dry aged ribeye? If not, it looks a bit tainted.  Just saying.
I've been playing with cast iron recently, and I will have to try this. Looks awesome.
Medium well for me.
Which do u prefer 1 flip? Or constant flip and why? What are the pros and cons of both?
Thank you!  Great video.
Going to send this video to my GF right before March 14 (steak and BJ day).
Steak looks good gonna try it . . .
Gotta try this! Love a nice crust on my steak
that is raw meet Europeans way not a black man way to cook learn to do according to your culture
Trying this tonight! Made me so hungry watching. Thanks for these videos! Taking notes on all of them.
looks great. trying it right now!
I'm gonna try this. Thanks for the video and that steak looks amazing!
아주 잘합니다. 맛도 있을것 같은데 먹고 싶은데!!!!!!!!!!!.
nice
My mouth is watering and my stomach is growling!!! :-))
Interesting to see how others do it.
Looks great. Thanks.
Do you let your steak come up to room temperature before cooking, or just cook it right after taking out of the fridge?
coffee grounds?
You hit all the bells and whistles (I prefer just salt and pepper for seasoning, myself) but I was disappointed that you didn't make a pan sauce.  I use the same technique for NY Strip steaks...remove them from the pan to rest covered with foil, discard the rosemary and garlic, add sliced mushrooms and onions sauteing them until done, deglaze the pan with 1/2 cup of water and the rested meat juices.  Scrape the pan and reduce for a few minutes.  When almost completely reduced whisk in a few pats of butter (cut in half the amount of butter you're using when you add the garlic and rosemary so it's not too rich) to make the sauce glossy, season to taste and pour over the steak...this is what will elevate your great steak to incredible.  Overall great job though!
No bone in means less flavor.
Steak? chef you are cooking waaaay above my pay grade. but no complaints, Really.
I think this is the best way to cook a steak IF you plan to make gravy or some kind of sauce from all the juices that get out of the meat.
What spice did you use?
Okay Dude! You win! I am an Italian male who loves to cook.And at 56 years old, I think I know how to cook and bake. But my steaks; I most always grill outside. The smoke, splatter,and most of all the burning rub's on the steak.  BUT DAAA! Maybe put them on at the end of the cook, like you did. Maybe, in a hot pan, not let it smoke on one side for 7 mins. then turn. Then another 7 mins of smoke. With burning rub's on both sides, with not putting the seasoning on towards the end!!... And Yes I have tried the pan in the oven technique, which makes the meat BAKED! Thanks again! God Bless!...And you're a good Cook!
Although i have my own method for cast iron steak, i am very impressed with this and may have to give this a try, will let you know how it turns out, good video!
Do it again and use an inferred thermometer and tell us what temperature the pan is.
Perfectly cooked. The 30 second flip method produces an incredibly delicious crust.
Really nicely done. Great tips, especially about the rub burning.
How many ounces is the ribeye
where did you find the handle holders for your cast iron skillets.  good idea
Hey, great video!!! I love being creative with cooking steaks and have done the similar method before but had rubbed raw garlic all over the steak (which somewhat burned but still tasted great). My question is what brand of steak rub do you use or recommend? Or do you have a make at home blend?
So unhealthy!!! Must taste good for sure like everything that is bad for you!!!
Looks amassing man, good job, big nice American steak.
Great method! I tried this it is the most flavorful steak I've cooked so far buying a rub makes a big difference as well. One problem watch the steak it can get dry if you leave it on there too long mine was getting dry but I got it off at a medium rare on the more done side.
YOU, sir, are BRILLIANT!!
I'm using the same mathod of cooking stake for about 3 years. The only thing I would recommend to everyone is to use good SEA SALT and FRESH GROUNDED BLACK PEPPER. After cooking, I wrap my piece of meat with tin foil for resting. It keeps meat hot and when the juices come out, you can easily collect them from the foil. Cause you never gonna waste this flavor. Thanks to the video, I'm about to try this seasoning you used at this video for my steake. Piece.
Dumb question, but where did you get your handle cover? Also, do you have any specific way that you "season" your cast iron?
Yum. thank you for the video.
maybe putting the butter in just before the last flip and pasting it constantly then will also help to not be so dark.. leaving the butter in such a hot pan for so long will burn the proteins and will a bitter taste so that u don't get much of the garlic and the rosemary.
When can I come to supper? ...................BeauteeeeeeFul
I keep watching this video everytime i'm hungry. This looks so damn good. I would pay you to cook it for me
He loved the steak!!! Thanks!
Been on your videos for an hr or so haha subbed
Followed your video for dinner tonight!  Success!  Very happy family.  Thanks!
Great Video!
Again, way too much seasoning for such an already flavorful cut of meat.
This is PERFECT! What spices do you have in your rub?
cool! gonna try this tonight for hubby's bday :-)
Nice video man...really!  Thanks for helping those of us out who are new or too afraid of taking on steaks.  Myself, I do steaks once a week and ribeye is definitely my preferred choice; fattier cut seems to yield more flavor.  I've done the charcoal method; reverse sear etc...  But, I'm finding this method tough to beat right now.  Likewise, I have a seasoned cast iron skillet that I prefer using over all else.  I do like a dry rub and did find it was burning because I would rub the steak and let it sit.  Even oiling prior didn't help.  Anyway, thanks again for sharing.
oil the steak, not the pan 1 tbsp each side max
. . . couldn't have done it any better! The only thing different I'm used to do is: at the very beginning I give some 30-sec.-seal to all the edges of such a beautiful rib-eye steak before I start to flip it over and over . . . usually a good (aged) piece of meat does not need too much of seasoning because of its own superior flavor, but for sure I will try your very special: a small addition of ground coffee - sounds ( I nearly can smell it already) good to me ! Many thanks from Germany . . .
Perfect & Medium does not mix well together XD
Dang! Doing this tonight in my new cast iron.
youre my hero man
NASTY. DONT EAT RAW FOOD
Needs more butter.
See all the grey meat when he cuts it open? Yeah that's over cooked and dry.   Try this - take a steak out of the freezer (yes I said freezer) use no seasonings at all. Sear it in an oiled pan on all sides - put in a temperature probe and put the steak on a rack in the oven at 240 degrees at 85 degrees,  season to taste and put it back. Take it out at 125 degrees and put it on a warm plate - cover with a pot lid and leave it there for 10 min. Slice thin against the grain and enjoy - it will be a perfect med rare.   Have a cheaper cut of meat? Salt it
I'm going to have to try this! I'm pretty sure you nailed this steak, It looks awesome! Thanks for the post.
I was very skeptical of this method, not so much anymore.  I definitely wouldn't use vegetable oil though, I think ghee and grape seed oil are two much better options that also have a high smoke point.
I will try this one for sure.
This video makes me want to go cook a steak right now,and it's only 9am....thanks for the video! Great instruction, and what I liked most was that you showed you don't need a lot of fancy equipment to get the job done. Good Ol cast iron. I'm gonna build a nice fire in my grill, Get my pan hot, and try it outside.
How long did you cook for, I'm trying to reach medium rare / rare.
OMG I will give this a try now that I have my cast iron.  What size of steak was that.  Looks huge!
Looks like a tasty steak.  Thanks for posting.
wow... looks legit can't wait to try
That is a sessy looking steak!
I started to cook steaks like this because it was easier, and have been cooking my steaks like this ever since, this is the way to go. Man, I can smell that steak your cooking right now, .The rub is great, but so is regular bbq sauce, poured on at the end.
A great video !   I season before cooking --- seasoning burns ---  thanks for the lesson. Butter and garlic near the end ---  I am suddenly starving for steak --- can;t wait to try your method !!!
a bit too done for my liking
Trolls are really coming out full force in the comments.   Nice method, I'll have to add it to my arsenal (along with sear-oven, oven-sear, sous vide-sear, etc.).  Always good to have options!
Good stuff man!  Cheers!
That looks and smells so good. I will try this. Great job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have used cast , since the 60s , yep older than dirt northern Canadian :>) Love your vid .will try your method on my 23 yr. old steak hound son , this Christmas outside while ice fishing  I only use peanut oil myself.
I just tried this.  It was by far the best steak I've ever cooked.  Thank you for teaching me how to prepare a great steak after 50 years of ruining them.  My stinky house is totally worth it!
Did you keep the flame on high?
Thanks for putting this together - I look forward to giving it a try!!
This is a very old method of cooking steak like 1800s old.  Cooks on cattle drives in the old west didn't have charcoal grills.  They had iron skillets.  Not sure about the coffee rub though.  Excellent video none the less.
That looks so good. I really find your videos enjoyable and very informative. If you don't mind me asking; what kind of coffee grounds are you using in the rub? I've honestly never heard of coffee grounds being used for anything but making a pot of coffee. I find it very interesting. Thanks for sharing the vid. You wouldn't happen to have any showing how to cook a butterfly pork chop, would ya?
Top notch video Cul Fan.. A bit over cooked for  my taste but to each his own. Butter garlic n rosemary was a nice touch. When you say coffee grounds are you using used coffee or unused grounds?  Thank you for well made and useful video...
I THINK IT LOOKS AMAZING...GONNA HAVE TO DO THIS
This looks amazing! How many servings did this haul? Also the butter rosemary and garlic cloves looked Iike an amazing addition. In addition to all these fine aromatics/flavorings what kind of coffee.grounds did you use, I hope it did not overpower the flavor of the meat, regardless great video demonstration fella!
looks good to me.  I can't wait to try it.  thanks for sharing.
That looks fantastic!  Nice video!  Thanks!
WOW!!! YUMMMMY its an understatement I am a big fan of porterhouse and rib eye steak I have my own rub and I have done them in a cast iron skillet and in the oven on the broil setting flipping only once I am going to try your method next and I hope to get the same results
I would use Sea salt instead of Kosher salt.
fecebook Χρήστος καρικλας
Thanks for this tutorial!  What I really learned is about not putting the rub on until later... I experienced the same burning problem when I did this, so it makes perfect sense.  The continual flipping technique idea really helped, too.  More work, but how else to prevent the outside to not get burned and the middle to be cooked through enough??  Great idea.  One minor tip from Yours, Truly... I notice that Chinese cooks always use peanut oil when wok frying at maximum heat.  I'm going to try using it along with your tips.  Thanks again.
AVACADO OIL FOR THE WIN!!!
Glad you can ignore all the rude comments. Shame on all those people who take time to make ignorant comments.
This is fabulous... Thank you... I have always been afraid to use cast iron. Your videos are very helpful and well done. I have asked for a griddle for chicken... I will have to subscribe to see if and how you do chicken. Keep up the great videos.
Can't believe some of these comments I think he did a good job I personally flip my steaks once this is the way I was taught.  So because he used a different method does not call for all the vulgar coments you people are uneducated morons! !!!
Wow amazing!
that steak looks juicy
Anyone who does constant-flip would be better served by using a George Foreman Grill, since it grills both sides at once.
I am going to attempt this tonight....never had luck making steak though.
excellent video, never tried a coffee rub, I'm going to give this a try. great presentation before/after.
Are the coffee GROUNDS as in left overs from coffee made with french press OR are you just grinding coffee and using the ground (pre cooked) coffee?
Good video. I really like how you explain. The way you do it really inspires! Thank you :) /Thomas, Sweden
Looks great...thanks for your time and effort!
How many minutes it takes to cook this medium steak by flipping it every .30 Seconds? I'll give a try tonight. Thanks.
for the coffee "grounds" used before brewing or after?
Never heard of coffee grounds in the steak season.. I want to try this yum!!! Thank you for sharing!
Way Too Raw for me
Would deep frying the steak result in a more crispy texture?
Here's Gordon doing the same/similar method.  He mentions 1 minute per flip (maybe just the difference between his steak and yours).   He also shows the trick on using parts of your hand as a guide to guage doneness in your steak!  Cool!  Gordon Ramsay: How to Cook the Perfect Steak
Looks great! Good job,enjoyed the video!
So the heat was on high throughout, even after the butter, garlic and rosemary? May I ask how the idea to mix coffee grounds into steak seasoning came to be? I was always one to blast it and flip it only once. Looks delicious, great video, I'm going to try it! Thank you!
I cant believe I have NEVER ever seen this method before,  and I have to admit the results  look absolutely incredible.. I am dying to try this, especially with the Garlic and Rosemary and butter , that was a nice touch...    The cast Iron skillet is very much underrated I agree.. I think your just proved that in your video..  Well Done...
So all in all, how long did you cook it for?  It looks perfect.
Heston Blumenthal is a the one who started the ''constant flip method''....steak looks excellent, good work.
I'm going to buy my first cast iron skillet today (couldn't talk mom into giving me hers) and wanted to find a good way to cook steak. I watched your video, Gordon Ramsey's and some funny looking little man and I've got to say - I like your method a lot better! Will definitely try that rub as well. Thank you for a well put together and informative video.
Looks wonderful. I also cook my steaks like this in my cast iron skillet, I have some gorgeous grass fed rib eye to cook this evening and can't wait. What was the total cook time for your steak. I like medium rare and usually finish it off in the oven. Thanks for the video and I appreciate your kind comments to the unkind comments. :)
Looks great, man! I have always used the iron skillet method, but I've not added the butter, garlic and rosemary before. I can just smell it!
Professional chefs would not flip a steak more than once.  It's just an amateur move.  They would assign you to dishwasher if you attempted that move during the dinner rush at any fine steakhouse.  Their commercial stoves operate at MUCH higher BTUs than a household range, and that handling would destroy the meat.  For a crispy crust on a steak they use a cooking device in their kitchen called a salamander.  It broils the meat on both sides simultaneously at temperatures as high as 700°F to 2,500°F degrees, (depending on the manufacturer).
love the down home off the shelf style for the common man.  practical and expert in one.   keep going, please.
Fanatic-tastic! Great, well presented video.  A quick question: How does your seasoning method(s) hold up under high heat?  While I realize you are using med-med high heat here, some recommend having a designated skillet for high heat searing as the seasoning gets trashed and wll make it difficult to cook other things, e.g. eggs. Thoughts?
I hate this video.  Not because I don't agree with how you cook your steak, but because it's making me so damned hungry.  That steak looks *good* and I'm wishing I'm eating it right now!
Restaurant cooks cringe at home cooks constantly flipping steaks? I doubt that! And if they did they don't really know how to cook steak This is how Heston Blumenthal cooks steak. it is the best way to do it... its actually better to flip every 20 seconds....... you can find videos of him cooking and explaining why this method is the best way in youtube.... for example this one... http://youtu.be/nhOV89EQtJs
Dayummmm hey man you get down. That was inspirational watching you do that I just got some cast iron pans my self and i am definitely going to try this thanks for the upload
Yes!
yummm why am i watching this when im hungry WHY?!?!??!?
Coffee and chipotle makes a very tasty dry rub.
Really like your videos.  MY wife will only eat steak well done, no pink!  Any suggestions to achieve the crust without burning.  I like medium.
so what is the tell tell sign for knowing when a cut of meat is medium when cooking it.  Im worried that I will overcook it.
Looks great!  Doing this tonight!
drop the heat a little bit on the stove top... then you will not have to flip it as often.  Restaurant cooks cringe at home cooks constantly flipping steaks.
pat dry the steak right before it hits the pan... plleeeeeease.
What was the heating degree? Was it high heat?
Looks fantastic!  I was worried you were adding too much salt with all of that spice rub.  I am definitely trying this the next time I cook steaks inside.
Always looking for an excuse to use my cast iron I tried this last week after watching.   Turned out great.   I didn't open a window.  The smell of cooking steak smoke in the house is great!  Oh, and you forgot to say *BAM* when you added more rub. :)
ggggrrrrrrrrooooossss! FINISH COOKING THAT! NASTY!
This is the unhealthiest way to cook a steak. Saturated fat out the gazoo.
Jeffery, There's nothing more admirable than a Man with a passion. I've view all your restoration videos, using the three different methods of stripping them, and now this one showing the fruits of your labor. They all are fantastic and informative beyond reproach. Your passion for the cast iron world is infectious, and now I know what to do with the 4 pans that have been sitting around in bad shape. I love a good project, so now I'll try and bring them to operational condition. I thank you for your efforts, and want to thank your video operator, perfect lighting and production quality. If that's your beautiful wife doing that, you've done well. Thanks again, and will let you know how my efforts with my cast iron "orphans" went. MAN!! that steak looks good!
Beautiful looking steak! Great channel. You got yourself a subscriber
What are your thoughts about using, instead of vegetable oil, a mixture of clarified butter and rendered fat from an aged ribeye?
Excellent technique, excellent spices and great commentary !!!!
Every 30 seconds for how long total?
Does it matter if you use Kosher or Sea Salt? Or will any salt do? Can't wait to try this recipe!
Would you use the quick flip method for outdoor grilling?  Also, should I baste the steak with butter while on the outdoor grill?
Awesome.  I have never seen anything like it and the coffee rub sound great.  I will try this very soon. Thanks for the post.
What is "Kosher Salt"?
Best video ever I wish this guy could cook me a steak. Tried the recipe and was delicious.
nice piece of meat to start there
cool method.  i'm gonna do it  …when i get a vent hood!
am I the only one terrified of the oil hitting my hand? xD
I just tried this method. In fact, it was my first attempt at cooking a steak, and while I can't say I did a 100% perfect job, I did pretty good for my first time! I was wanting to know, though, how long do you cook the steak in total?
I gotta admit.... about 30 seconds into the video, I started to salivate.  It looks super tasty.   I will definitely try this technique.  Thanks for sharing.
Once again, another epic video! I followed your video on seasoning cast iron pans and now I have five gorgeous pans. I will certainly give your constant flip method a try!
Brilliant cooking techniques
Im gonna try out my new cast iron Grill pan tonight can you use the flip every 30sec method on that? Cus some dudes around the web been complaining about how it sticks to the pan. BTW Ive always used the flip method but bever on a cast iron grill pan.
It Is still no cooked inside looks red.
Can I please have the recipe for the coffee rub?
Just a question, once you've put the steak in and the skillet is on high heat, do you turn your pan down to medium? Or keep it on high?
wow... look's delicious, I'm gonna try it at home
Flipping it every 20-30 secs is the best way. Go to serious eats, and you'll see they scientifically broke it down.
Good job. doesnt get much better than that. i bet if u used a spoon to baste the top side of the steak with the butter/oil in the pan, while its still cooking, it would have even better flavor.
i watched this during my fasting month, damn......drooling all the time
Thanks for sharing, gonna have to try it.
I love thicker cuts of steak (Ribeye or Porterhouse). I flip every minute instead of 30 sec. I love  adding fresh churned butter to my skillet sometimes I'll add garlic to the butter and just let the steak pick it up. I don't normally use rosemary because I use a mesquite seasoning on my steak, But I bath it in the butter. So good!  I'm so hungry now.
mmm GOOOD!!!
I've done mine using this method and it worked great!
That looks supurb!
That looked fantastic. I myself love cast iron cooking too. I do want to know what kind of coffee that was though.
One of the best cooking videos I've seen on youtube. I like the way you narrate, concise. And you have a a pretty cool first name.
would you say turning the heat down a lil after adding the rub and butter/garlic/rosemary would be ok...and spoon the butter over it while constantly flipping it. i think the butter would not turn to brown butter and keep it moist but thats just my thoughts...haha
Damnit, I'm hungry now!
Great job and thank you for letting me know that you're the FIRST chef who flips their steak more than once on each side.Can you use this method on a BBQ I was at a Calgary BBQ and I flipped this guys steak more than once and you'd thought I dipped it in gasoline. He went berserk. Great steak by the way
You do make very much sense putting salt only at first and then adding the spices and herbs towards the end.  Salt, being inorganic, does not burn, but the spices and herbs, being organic, will burn when heated for a long time.
This method is interesting. With a cast iron I normally preheat the pan in the oven at 500F,  then sear each side on stove top,  and finish in the oven at 500F for a few minutes but I had no idea that you can achieve a good crust with the center cooked medium with a cast iron flipping every 30 seconds.  Do you find its less smoke indoors this way?
Liked your method of 30 second flipping through the cooking cycle. Will try it at home. Only difference is being L.I., I will have to use margarine. Enjoyed your suggestion on the steak seasoning with coffee grinds. Interesting concept.
perfection at its best
I use to work for a physician from Argentina.  He noted that Americans tend to overcook their steaks.  However, when you cut this steak it was looking pretty good.  I love a medium-rare-rare steak!  Oh, if someone would invent smell-a-vision!!!
Man, that looked killer! Nice job, and simple too.
damn that looks good, nice job
I totally thought you burned it but it came out perfect, damn that looks good
Great looking steak!
I've used a similar method to cook the steak. I go about every minute or so for a flip, and I eat them rare. I've noticed that the more flips you have the less gradient you have, which is important if you want your whole steak at a particular doneness.
Great...wish I had been there.
Damn!
Seems like a lot of flavor was left in the pan. Any thoughts on doing a red wine pan sauce or some mushrooms, onions or both as a garnish to that bad boy?
Your steak looks so good.I just bought my first cast iron skillet,and i just seasoned it.I can't wait to cook in it.I have to buy a steak tomorrow.
Nice job! I would have deglazed the skillet with 1/4 cup brandy and then added 1/4 cream and bring to boil and pour over steak!!!!
You sir should be ashamed of yourself.
Man that looks dam good :-)
Great video. Thanks for the tips!!
I agree on the not  putting rub on a steak if it is a thick one. I go for the thin steaks on a skillet. What I do is put the rub on the steak for an hour b4 cooking. This allows the blend to permeate the meat while it gets to room temperature. I also cut some of the fat off the steak and grease the skillet with it prior to cooking. Any other oil takes away from the flavor. I cook the steak for about 4m and I flip it every minute.  I use a spray bottle filled with liqiud smoke the spray the steak on the final two minutes of cooking after a good sear is achieved.
That's a gorgeous steak.  I hope you shared it with Mrs. Fanatic (AKA Mrs. Rogers)
Everyone has their favorite way to cook a steak.  It's like chili and BBQ.  "My way is better than yours!"  haha
That looks exactly good move. I love steak maybe not that with coffee but looks good.
Ribeye my favorite steak ...great culinary skills MEGA YUM...I got sold on the fresh rosemary sprigs and garlic cloves (my favorite seasonings) would love some thick slices of red onions caramelizing in there too lol... thanks for sharing...You got yourself a new subbie!
Oh hey we have the exact same skillet and handle :D
cant wait to see you joni master chef competition
You got to go medium rare.
Splattering grease and stove clean up.  I'd rather forego the steak.  I tried cooking with a cover for longer cook times on each side to avoid the problem, but I get horrendous stuck food on the pan.  Any suggestions for greaseless steak frying?
Wow....you've changed my entire perspective on how a pan seared steak should be cooked.  Thank you.
What steak seasoning did you use with the coffee grounds?
Coffee grinds or ground coffee?
so u cook it on high heat the whole time? and flip every 30 seconds for how many minutes? i like my steaks med-rare to medium but my wife like them well done. i just bought my 1st cast iron skillet last week and this will b the 1st time cooking steak on it. any help will b appreciated, thanks.
This looks absolutely delicious.  Great video.  How high is the temp for this?
I was in a small restaurant in Show Low, Arizona and sitting where I could see into the kitchen and the cook who looked like he had cooked on a chuck wagon for years was cooking steaks just like that.
just excellent job my friend I can taste in right now.
I saw Heston Blumenthal recommend the same method in Cooking the Perfect Steak. Great video :)
looks nice, good job
Looks very good. But I don't really like coffee, and have only done a steak in a skillet with salt and pepper which was fantastic but would like to try a rub too now.
Wat exactly does the coffee do to the steak
Cool trick to gauge "well-ness" of your steak while cooking: touch the tips of your thumb and index finger (don't squeeze or pinch, just touch). Now, poke the fleshy base of your thumb with your other index finger. That's about as squishy as a rare steak. Touching your thumb to your middle finger gives you a medium rare, ring finger gives you medium, and your pinky gives you about medium-well/well done. Not an exact science but it gives you a rough idea of where you are while you're cooking.
Man. I love you. That is great.
Way overcooked for my tastes, however, the method and process behind this is solid. Nice job.
So, uh...you do realize that heating oil to the smoke point makes it unhealthy and carcinogenic, right.?
ur wearing socks, i cannot trust u
exactly how long did it take to cook like that? How many flips? :)
Looks Awesome! Did notice the constant flipping creates a bit more smoke so you need a good vent. Now I'll have a decaf steak, medium rare if you don't mind?
new subbie! I wish I watched this before I tried my first steak.
Looks so  good.
Excellent! Man, am I hungry!
I forget how I got turned on to this method, but I started doing it on my BBQ and man it turns out great.  That is one beautiful steak you got there too!
And your whole house is filled with smoke where you can't even see where your walking! Hope you have a high power vent!!!!
Rib Eye *Chefs Cut*, from your local butcheror super market
Did you lower the temperature after the first flip?
What exactly is in that Steak Rub?
That looks perfect!
Only way to cook a steak is with Cast Iron!!
I approve of this.  This is also the way they are cooked on the old railroad diner cars and steamships.
raw as steak
Oh man.....my mouth is watering. Great vid!
That is one awesome looking steak!  I love the idea of adding the garlic and rosemary along with the butter.  Great video!    ~Sam
Open a window, I love it.
ok I made the steak last night....it was fabulous! next time I will get a steak closer to 1 1/2" as I like it a little rarer.. taste was succulent and amazingly my 16yo son ate some who never eats steaks...good job!
How do I get it to be well done?
That is a textbook medium steak. I'm going to try this method out. Thanks!
Wow
at last someone knows their S..T about cast Iron skillets...and how to cook aperfect steak. I will try ur method as it will solve my problem of the steak curling on one side...Fabulous!
Yes absolutely did season it... just lightly using peanut oil. I am going to let them patina on their own what I did worked and they are perfect so far... I find them to have a different character than my cast iron. I think the heat is far more aggressive or can be.
Just had a ribeye for dinner like that one and it was delicious. Used my de Buyer Mineral B to make it. Phenomenal results. Moved on from cast iron to something new. Similar but I think the Mineral B carries a much more intense heat than the iron I am used to. Great results. Natural progression from cast iron to carbon steel.
God rib-eyes for New Year's Day dinner.  Got my well-seasoned cast iron skillet (thanks for that).  Now I got my cooking method.  Ready to party on New Year's Day.  Love and peace!
I never thought I would want to turn  way from my Weber grill !!! But that looks like a great way to do a steak!! And I have vintage Griswold that needs to be reconditioned and seasoned!!! 👍 Time to get busy!!!7
Thanks for the video! This is the first time I cooked steak on my cast iron skillet and it turned out great.
wow bro that's a grade A steak im glad I have me my cast iron skillet too and I love your cast iron collection keep up the bomb cooking peace
Wow, that looks amazing. I'm used to the sear, flip, sear, and in the oven method. But I need to try this method. Nice steak!
nice job handsome!
Making me hungry :)
What was the duration of cooking the steak? Looks great and love yr vids!
What's the worst that could happen?
Oh, sweet mercy. I need to stop watching these videos before I go to bed. I *don't* need a steak at 1:30am!
Gotta try this technique!  Thanks for the tip!!
1st, amazing technique great video to
