Did you test for asbestos in mastic?
Tedious is the understatement of the year. I feel inspired to buy one of those 100 plus year condos in  Vancouver and do a super massive upgrade but still maintaining the original wood flooring ,crown molding and baseboards.
It is very likely that asbestos is contained in the mastic. If you are sanding mastic you must wear an n95
Looks like it works good
Isn't there a common risk of asbestos in black mastic? Why are you turning it into a dust hazard? And sweeping it up with no masks? All the government websites state it needs to be removed with wet techniques to keep it non-friable.
Now that was a GREAT VIDEO!!! THANK YOU!
the previous owner has put this shit on and i wanna go bacl to the past to slap this previous owner!
why aren't you wearing a mask ? that mastic is toxic.
What would you use for concrete slabs?
Why diamabrush started making the plates black now? Look so cheap   Just order one and it came in black instead of the orginal cream color. Shit look cheap as hell now
I am doing this on the home with the diamond blade, but the kickback is brutal. I am a pretty big guy and I feel like the danger is very high with this. Unless I am doing it wrong. The blades dig into a grip and when the machine kick on there is not control and goes. What am I missing?
Quick tip for you free of charge.... before that high surfaced area attachment clogs up... spray area down with W-D 40... it will last 3 to 4x longer before clogging
i once used a diamond blade on a grinder / hands and knees
Awesome thanks
16 grit on the Hummel y se cabo!!
I can't thank you enough for this video. I'm in the same situation as your customer and was at a crossroad on which devise would be the most affective to rent. You eliminated the guess work for me. Thank you thank you!
Really enjoyed this video thank u
Add water to the floor. Otherwise the machine melts the glue.
This video saved me days of life.
Muy buen video, me ayudo para no cometer un gran error
I've been fitting flooring for about 10 years and I know too well how picky flooring removal tools can be. I go out and buy some tool for £1000s only to find it only removes one type of flooring in a specific situation, costly and frustrating.
I will never understand why people ruin the beautiful floor with ugly and dirty carpets
Nothing can hide from 16 grit on a galaxy! Diamabrush if it's too nasty 🤧
No PPE?
Would you use a different attachment for a cement floor?
Black mastic and cutback is 15% to 85% asbestos.  The fibers are too small to see and float in the air in a still room for 72 hrs.  Cover the flooring or mitigate.  DO NOT SAND, SCRAPE, OR SWEEP EXPOSED MATERIAL.
i have a tar like surface would this fix it
Was it asbestos free ?
no mask   not good
A really professional presentation  of the three most popular ways to remove gum from a wooden floor.  Very convincing.  Diamabrush makes  miracles . Regards from Helsinki , Finland.
What about on uneven floors?   Either floorboards sitting high/low and also really old floors where the timber has valleys along the length of the board?  Also please wear masks guys, always wear masks.
Asbestos testing is cheap and results fairly quick.  I just did it on 140 year old DF floors.  Negative result on combo of adhesive and the black stuff.
Good afternoon, please tell me. As shown at 4.25 min.  Basic rubberized skating rink.  Or a grinding drum.
Asbestos Party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HOly hell you saved my bacon bro. Thank you for this video, i've been cursing the sky's over this black fuzzy gooo all over my 100year old hart pine floors.
Thumbs down because you didn't show this working well enough. Are you using the bare blades directly on the wood? Wouldn't that rip down into the wood? How are you only taking off the mastic and stuff without destroying the wood? Make your video more clear please.
Why not use 16g on big machine?
Never, neeeeever, never ever ever use your sanding machine to remove mastic that will cost you a new machine
Unless it is lab tested and results are negative, all of that debris is PACM (Presumed Asbestos-Containing Material). The mastic material becomes friable during removal making asbestos fibers airborne. The sweeping adds insult to injury. Whoever tries this needs to be aware of the risks. A beautiful new floor should not come accompanied by a Mesothelioma a few years down the road.
Test for asbestos before doing this method. contact professionals, and only way to know if it has asbestos is to test. Contact a hygienist or a abatement company for better info. protect your life's your kids there's people that are certified to remove this for you the right way.
What would be best to use on stairs?
Cool.
Cool tool. Everyone should be wearing masks!!! There is often asbestos mixed in with the mastic if it tile was installed before 1989. The fibers embed in your lungs and can't be expelled, then cancer grows around them. Doesn't show up right away!
You guys are dead af bout 20 years
Omg you didn’t even abate it you need to be tested immediately
Awesome sure beats the Edgar & 12 grit
Can I rent these somewhere?
that's def asbestos put a skirt on buffer ...it has a vac attachments y not use them and a mask just saying best way to do it is wet it down so no dust either way wouldn't do it for 20 dollars a sq
ISNT it faster to use 12 or 16 grit paper on sanding machine??
THIS IS A LIFE SAVER. THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE INFO!!!
ok that's amazing that those blades wouldn't hurt the wood floor.
DANGER-DANGER-DANGER   ----ASBESTOS--  DO NOT DO THIS!!!!! GOOGLE ASBESTOS LINOLEUM & MASTIC!!!!! ((((((DEATH WARING))))) BE SAFE, NOT SORRY---- HAVE YOUR FLOOR TESTED BEFORE PUTTING YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AT RISK.
the problemb is the rpm on all machines , take down the rpm and you get a nother results... /swede
I can't believe anyone in their right mind would use mastic under carpet pad.
your mastic removal block worked amazingly well for me!  Thank you!  I made a short video of my experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QI-8v5d3mqY
You may have just saved my life! I spent 2 hrs this morning hand scraping old pad that was glued to particle board more than 25 years ago, I thought I was gonna die. Quit to look on Youtube & find a better way.... thank you! Hopefully I can rent a buffer with a mastic removal block.
Lots of old mastics have asbestos fibers. Respirators cost less than a new set of lungs.
Clean -up as you go along!!!! No kidding!!!!!
I purchased this block last summer and used it to remove mastic covering a maple floor (approx 970 sq feet) in a commercial building I own.   It worked very well. It is not fast, but we managed to "clear" the floor in about 10 hours.  The person I hired to sand  and finish the floor was very impressed with how "clean" the floor was.
umm pretty sure u all have mesothelioma now
How long did it take to take up the mastic with that removal tool?
Definately should be wearing a mask and test the mastic for asbestos before doing this process in such a big area. But then again that's just my opinion. There is a different way to remove mastic but it takes a whole lot longer.
Hi Beauty and Golf of the day, We have great success with removing mastic with this block. We have sold more than 30 blocks and contracors have reordered the blades which leads me to believe this is working. For years we struggled with what to recommend for removing mastic . Always a very tough job. Not trying to over sell this block but this is the best we have ever worked with. Plan on a slow process but it works -- Blades last about 1000 sq ft and you will need to change -- Hope this helps - Mike Glavin
I was wondering if you had experimented using this tool for removing the same materials from plywood floors.
