How do I make the slot to move?
The carriage slot is not even moving and hence it's creating a problem in installing the ink cartridge please tell me the solution for it?
Wir bieten günstigere Druckerpatronen für HP 364XL 5-Stücke Multipack an. Mit dem Rabattcode: 6DIPV6XQ bekommen Sie extra 20% off. Produkt auf Amazon: https://amzn.to/3eSGe3X
I never use HP own carriages there to expensive
I replaced black cartridge it will not print in black
Thank you for. This vedio
Thank you so so much!
Thank you very much!
I'm telling you the carriage will not open enough to reach the black cartridge
Hi how do I lift up the glass part that scans and copies stuff?
if my hp photosmart 6520 says it needs toner, do I just need to get ink? or is there a different way to replace the toner?
This video made it so simple to replace the cartridges!
How do you stop it?
Hi, I recently bought ink for my HP Photosmart 6525, and I managed to replace all the colors except for black. The black cartridge that came with the printer is more bulky than the one in the pack I bought. It doesn't fit and it sticks out. I need help.
How to replace cartridge in HP 900?
Need a solution as the printer head is clogged and HP designed this model, the 6520 all in one model, to where you can't take it out and clean it or replace it.  The warranty just expired 3 months ago and now we're stuck with a printer that won't print black ink! I went onto consumer affairs and viewed peoples responses about HP printers in general  and wasn't happy with the results.  I'm going to contact Best Buy corporate HQ and see what their suggestion is and or what can be done.
I know know I am not alone and like many of you am having the same problem... I replaced all the cartridges, including the black one 564xl and the print quality diagnostic page prints... all the colors look great but the black box is totally blank.  I went through the help page and it is all correct.  I went to staples and they replaced the cartridge so this is another new one.  Same problems as ZilchFan66 and imfrescaphile it seems.  NEED HELP PLEASE and thank you!
Couldn't find a 564xl, I was told I need a 364xl.
I replaced the black cartridge and all the colored cartridges.  The color cartridges work but the blank ink prints very lightly like it is almost out of ink.  Is there something wrong with this cartridge?  Its a 564XL
make shore that you get right cartridges
I cannot get te lid up to replace the black cartridge .  It will raise part way then stops.  I do not want to force it and break something.  What can I do?
Excellent video. Thank you.
good instruction video. Have HP printer using these cartridges and your video is very helpful in showing the replacement step by step.
