The screaming at 5:46 is the funniest thing ever LMAO! Too much fun
😂😂😂 you ready whushhh bye dad
What charger are you using?
На сколько хватило моторов при питании 24 вольта?
how do you chg the batteries? will LED lights still work or will it melt them?
Amazing video!
24v is strong. Your kid's screaming is a proof of that. LOL.
Hey brother thanks for the video! I always wanted one as a kid also!. I now got three Powerwheels the other day and have done the same upgrade to them for my three boys and they love it! Its great watching them fly around and its hilarious!.
Hi, pleas one help, im in morocco and i dont find some parts of gaucho superpower, the electronic card have burned but can repaired, pleas if yu can give me yur whatsapp i can show the picture to you, i think yu can help me, thanks
So at 24v u can use it for a few minutes or it will die? Anyway to avoid the heat?
BEST DAD EVER 😂😎✌🏽
Worried about kids safety but use thinnest awg wire you could find. 😅🤣
How do you charge?
👏🥰
MY grandson's power wheels was upgraded to 24v. He's burned out the motors. These 12v motors do not run long at 24v and 80,000 RPM.
Good job, good luck and good life 👍😘🥳💪
Hi, can this damage the engine or some electric elements on the kids car mobo?
What if you just have one 24v you want to swap with a 12v
1.2million awesome dad's/mom's viewing
That was hilarious!
Burnouts are great at any age. The boys are loving this thing.
This looks like a worthy upgrade to a forgotten toy. I did this, but from 6v to 12v (Series). I put the meter on it and it read 13.1V but as we started using the batteries, only one of them would be discharged. I pressed the throttle with the meter hooked up and it read that specific battery go from 5.8v to almost 0v while the second one would still hold 5.8v. Is that how the in series set ups are supposed to work? We definitely reached more power with both batteries fully charged.
My dad did this for me when I had one of these cars around. Needless to say I was racing the neighbors’ kid on the daily like it was for pink slips 😂
Great! P.s. Helmets bro!
Thanks for the vid, I'm thinking of doing this to my kids' electric motorcycle. It's a 2 engine 6v. I do have one question, can i stil use the 6v charger to charge the batteries or should i use the 12v one from his utv? I plan on using the plug in port on the bike. Thanks!
How long does it take to rig this up?
Hey im trying to make one of these go around the 15 -20 mph range, got any suggestions?
😂🤣🤣🤣
Anyone (as I know it's a 7yr old video) My son has a 12v car, and found this video of bumping up to 24v. The battery in series makes sense, but the current wheels have 12v motor driving each side and I therefore assume the wiring would be rated for the 12v. Would I need to update the motor and wiring to make this conversion work? Thanks
i followed exactly and now the steering moduel wont work on 12v or 24v
What were the specifications of each of those battery you installed?
that looks so funny cool me wow 👍🚕
How do you change  them?  Separate or you just connect 12 v charger in the charging port ? Thank you
I dont get why we need a circuit breaker if the motors are the ones tLking the current.. can someone explain please. 😊
Love it check me out Fly Roy Tha Trend Setta I build custom powerwheels for kids
That’s awesome
😆😆😆 The Best!
I did this to mine and my motors started having black soot around the vent holes, not really sure what to do about that.
So I did this and it came out awesome, only thing is after like 10 mins it sparatically shuts off and on ? It’ll go fine and all of a sudden kick off, he’ll wait like 20 seconds then it goes again…checked all wires and it’s all connected tight no loose wires? The wiring is warm though
Can you put out a better pict of the circuit breaker or name of it.
I love the family moments you shared in a meaningful way
cool but thats too fasts for a little kid
one question ( sorry for my language ) but : how do you do this without change the main motor? the original one has 12 v dc but in this case you  had cange the supply whitout change the motor.  usually the motor broken after a little bit time.
Can you add these batteries to an utv Mx that is a 12v
I love this,  I did this a couple years ago, but my grandaughter got too big.  Now I have a 3 year old grand daughter and I had to take one battery out.  Only problem with this video is people should know, you have to change the motors to 24v.  You will easily burn up the stock 12v motors.  I learned that lesson.
I’m not a dad and here I am lol
You are the 'cool' Dad hahaha
Great vid. Found a 12v 4×4 on da side of the road. Gonna upgrade it.
Does the upgrade voltage extend the overall drive time as well?
I have a 24V Ryobi weed trimmer and a 12v electrical car.   I needed to see what was wrong, why the 12V car why it was so slow,  I figured it was battery but wanted to make sure so...  I took the Ryobi 24V battery, a couple of Alligators clamps and connected it to the car.  WOW!  The car took off!  The 12V battery needs to be replaced.  LOL!
Good video but the long intro was crazy painful
Could this be also done to a 24v to a 36v or 48v conversion??
Will the rest of the circuits and lights work properly after they are supplied with 24v?
If I hook up the batteries in parallel you think it would be a little faster , im thinking the 12V will be more stable under a load and able to flow more current...?
How long did the motor hold up ?
Child’s version of a track hawk
The ending of this video makes this whole video worth watching lmaoooo
Single mom here. Would love to get a second hand car and fix it up. My question is if you install a 24V can you still control the vehicle with a remote? I have a 2 1/2 old daughter who loves cars so would love to do something like this for her but still need to be able to control the wheels for the time being. Appreciate any advice
Can you please provide all the materials you used? I want to do this for my son's power wheel?
Awesome video man!! Say, how would I connect the batteries to the power wheel is I dont have that black brick converter youre using? Or, where can I find the black brick you used to connect the between the 24v to the circuit breaker (white/ black wires)? Thanks!!
I tried this and it sparked bad and burn the ends of the battery tesminals
To change 12v battery to 24v should I change the wiring and 12v motor with rpm 10000 too
I want to do this! Where can I get the wires/connectors?
😂😂😂👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾 gonna have to do this to my daughters car lol
5:40
Great Video, im trying to find this wire that you used to connect the two batteries together, any advice?
Hi I really want to car in here and we were trying to buying it and they said they need power wheels for it in the end I want to like I really want to watch this video so the car is here right now so I can me and my dad like we can fix the power week can you put some power wheels are
ilmu yang bermanfaat 👍👍👍
im 20 yrs old... i just bought me one and i just thought of this so now im here XD im glad theres a massive gap in the back so it doenst look like i need to cut anything
Any idea how to take off the pedal asembly from these trucks /. thanks
With most vehicles you can do this,  there's no extra space for the battery
thx for video 6:46 beautiful drift  =)
Awh! Man!!!  Thanks for that looks like alot of fun for the kids!  I'm going to try this too!   Awesome Video!!!
Where can i get a jumper wire to connect the batteries?
5:48😂🤣🤣
I did this and after a 5 minute ride it smoked the motor. I'm going to replace it with a 24v motor
One quick question for how much time can your kids drive a ride on car with one full charge
Can we do this to dls06 cars... I currently have a 12 V car for my daughter she is is about a year old... She enjoys ride in limited power mode...
i have 2 16 volt batteries in my own powerwheels to mess around in and it sends
😂😂😂I love it !! I’m gon do this right now !!
Thats a blast!  What Amp rating did you use on the Circuit Breaker?
What about the 12v motors? Are they able to hold the 18v, 20v and 24v power
Awesome
I know it’s been a minute since you made this, but I had to ask if you burned out the motors or the control board. Just tried to upgrade my knock off PW to 18 and instantly fried the control board. Curious how yours went.
Thanks so much. I was looking a video like yours. Great !
What model is this car?
Enjoyed reading the comments.  Im looking to upgrade my son's tractor so he can haul hay and farm supplies. He is 5 and cant drive our mule..lol
My friend do i have to get 24V gearbox for the car before increasing the battery power?
Came for the education, left laughing me a** off! 😂😂 good stuff bro
My daughter has one of those Mercedes cars, it came with a stock small 6v battery, so I went and swapped it with a 12V. It's faster but not fast enough. So I just wanne make this right and hook up 3 battery's of 12volts. But I'm not sure if the motors will be able to handle it. Did you ever go above the 24v ?
Frigging awesome! Lol
Dude this is super friggin sweet - next I suppose you’ll upgrade the tires!  I’m definitely doing this when my daughter is a bit older (came across this searching for installation time as I leaned on the box in the garage.)  If you can link to batteries and jumpers and the breaker you used, that would be siiiiick!
When converting to 24v from 12v, does it need to upgrade the stock 12v motor?
Can you help me with the paw patrol ?
Hello friends, can I do it in this vehicle that I buy for my son?  https://youtu.be/Z3Vh99qla20. Land Rover toy Cars
Nice!! I want to do this to my sons 12V but I heard the 12V motor will not last due to the change to 24V, is this correct?
From one dad to another thanks.
Did you have to change the motors?
That is some cool dad stuff right there! Wife must have been asleep. "Don't tell Mom.." 😀
I have a 6v Porsche for my daughter can I do the same with that car, change it to 24v? I didn’t seem to see 12v
I love it...
I'll be doing this for my son's pickup tonight lol Thanks for the tip. Look out neighborhood. Hot rod burn outs to come!
so can I use the power wheels batteries and do the motors ever bur out
Good
The kids take off
Is the a possibility of damaged as the motors are 12v?
Thank you sir, the corvette rips on 24v
my guy you by far are the coolest dad ever this video was awesome
Nice MDX there. Those cars are nice and sporty.
My kids 50s and power wheels are ripping up and down the block thanks to your videos .
Wow did this now to all my kids cars and quads its awesome
Can't u blow the 12v motor
Hello :-) you connect 24V on 12V systém without change esc or others???
Nice video. Have you tried lithium drill batteries?
Thanks you so much amazing video
Omg I was scared to death
NICE.. can you put a 36v lithium ion battery ?
Ima try this 😂
MatthewMCRepair do you have a video on how to properly charge these batteries ? If so can you please provide the link ? Thank you
So what about charging of the battery
MatthewMCRepair.  This is the best conversion video yet. Thank you. Everyone is not an electrical engineer or wants to spend $500 on a chain saw just to upgrade a toy. Already ordered the batteries. Me and Naz thank you bro ! One
What is that black box? Does that come with the power wheel?
So if you convert from 12 to 24v the speed doubles. Is this right?  If you want it to run longer with the old speed just use a higher amp battery?
The real life Tim Taylor "AAARRGHHROOO?!?!"
Is that stock motor?
Will the circuit breaker prevent the motor from smoking as the power wheels I'm using only have 1 motor which started to smoke without the breaker
I ordered the things listed inlone but can’t find a jumper wire
Will this automatically make the device go faster? And if yes to going faster, is there a chance of catching fire, exploding, or even the parts failing? I'm only looking to increase the operating time.
Is the motor rated for 24v? Interested in doing this but don't want to burn up the motors...
I followed the directions, but when I connected the last wire something when POP and some smoke cane from somewhere (maybe motherboard). I disconnected the batteries right away and then connected just the single battery and the car still works. Any idea what that could have been? I did purchase the 30amp you recommended. I’m a little concerned about connecting both batteries again because I don’t want to fry the car. Any advice on what that could have been?
Both cars were 6v originally? I’m about to upgrade my sons 6v to 12. Also how long does it last the battery in each use?
Do you still use the 12v 🔌 Charger?
I cant get mine into reverse, any recommendations
Lmfao so funny and cool
Great video. Do you know if the power wheels 12v charger would still work to charge it?
😂😂😂👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
6:26
I converted my kids 6v to 12v with a 30 breaker and the 6v motor still fried. What should I have done different?
Now i wish my dad did this lol!!
besides changing the battery, do you need to upgrade the motors?  The two motors i see are very small.
Where did you get the jump it cables with those ends?
I need your advice.  I doubled my daughters 6 volt Power wheels battery with another 6 volt power wheels battery, the battery it came with was new but the battery I had was about 2 years old. separately the batteries are fine and last a great amount of time but she always complained it was too slow. I was hoping it would last, it does go faster but they drain really quick, when I hook it to charge, the charger reads it is at a 12v charge, when its fully charged it's between 13 and 14. since it doesn't last is it due to the power wheels brand.
If I'm going to go to 18v dewalt battery, is the circuit breaker in your description enough? 30a 12v, ??
😂awesome
Thank you for this video but how much the size of fuse
I want to buy
I did this now the powerwheel keeps shutting off under stress. What did I do wrong
in this video you changed battery but what about the circuit board?
I tried this for my kid and it burnt the circuit and it started to smoke. i have the G500 mercedes
The people that don’t like it probably have very bored kids!  😎🤙🏽
Hello!!nice video but can i use this on the standard 12v motor?
Lmbo I gotta get to work
My Daughter has a "Frozen" Power wheels and I'm ready to pass it along. I'd like to spray paint it and do the 24V conversion. There is just one more thing. The Frozen Jeep has a button that plays "Let it go" when pressed.....how do I change the song?????
Will your engine die ? Engine support 12v but our power of battery is 18v ? I think that voltage killing engine ?
This is awesome! I’m saving this for later we could use some extra power for our off road adventures!
What do you do if you don’t have the old battery connector? Can you please explain how to connect the new batteries without it.
I’ve been converting all mine to 20 volt Dewalt quick recharge time easy to switch out batteries
Did you do a 6v to 12v conversion?
hi. i got a car, and the controls of the spedd doesnt function it. can you please help me
so it's been a few years... did anything (wires, motors) burn up being powered by 24v?
Did it exactly like you said to my boys eco boost. Worked 10 minutes then one motor quit and there was no reverse... what’s up with that?
this is awesome. hey would these batteries work? https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001NJ3H0C/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER&psc=1
Worth the screams and laughs your kids had lol. I'm tempted to do this to my daughter's car. I paid $650 for her car and don't wanna ruin it doing this. How long did the motors hold up on this car? Fortunately my daughter's car comes with stock rubber tires so they should wear slowly and grip better.
Does it matter if I have 2 different 12v batteries? Ones a 12v 10ah and the other is a 12v 9ah. I ask this because I've rigged it up as you've showed however I'm not getting any more power.
What kind of charger do you use for this battery? A standard car charher?
Hi mate looking into adding some more power as well  So basically all i need to do is add another battery and a 30 ah or you need to add something else
Thanks for the video.  Had a quick question.  I have 3 batteries running , 2(12v12ah) and 1 (12v9.5ah).  I have a 30a breaker connected, do I need a 40a breaker?  Thanks in advance.
i lost the keys for 12v toy ford ranger
i lohow i start it st my keys for 12 ford ranger
To charge do you need to separate them and charge individually?
our hot wheels knock off has a radio in it also, wonder if the 24v would still be ok to hook up to it?
I’m connecting the two batteries but the 30 amp fuse keeps popping, any suggestions??? Thanks
learn em young !
I’m working on a all wheel drive powerwheel. Has anyone try to make a 4 wheel drive? Need some tips lol.
Didn’t think the motor could handle 24 v I went up to 18v in my sons Jeep
hello is the inline fuse to prevent it from frying? i chawed the battery on mine and it started smoking. can you help me with that thanks so much!
they love it great job man im trying this
Is it ok for the 12v car converted to 24v?
If it has a circuit board will it still work? the driving part I don’t care about the sounds or lights
Did you change also the motor?  I think the motor only is for 12v? Does it not overload by the power of the battery?
Are you charging them in a series or one at a time ?
Tokyo drift, power wheel edition 😂😂
Great video man.
What do you use to charge it?
This is AMAZING!
No upgrade needed to electric motors?
Screams of joy as they rip around,the little power slides when they hit the breaks is a fun little bonus too. It's amazing how much power this upgrade actually adds. It looks  relatively is to do and it probably costs less for everything you need to do the conversion than it would be to buy a new replacement battery .
Awesome dad!
hey matt, just thingking to remove the board in my kid toy car, , do you have a video how did you do the mod? how do you manage the reverse?
,hey anybody figure out how to put tires on them yet
Hi Matthew ,   Ive been watching your video and following your tutorial and everything seems to work but when you start using it the motors begin to burn ? any suggestions ?
Front passenger wheel looks bad
I just bought my sun a new UTV-MX and it has 2 12v batteries but it barely has power...any suggestions?
Matthew this for the awesome video. Question:  On the Jeep Power Wheel modified the battery from 12V to 24V:  Will the Jeep's engine/gear survive, not blow up?  you said it's really hot.. and how long long does the battery last? Thx.
Best vid like everrrrrrr! Qq though, I just bought my so a Moderno Kids 2 seater truck. Would the same apply to this vehicle? Same batteries and cables/ breakers? 2020 Two (2) Seater Ride On Kids Car Truck w/ Remote Control | Large 12V Power Battery Licensed Kid Car to Drive w/ 3 Speeds, Leather Seat, MP3 Music Player Bluetooth FM Radio, Foam Rubber Tires https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Z31X845/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_6ed5Db1MCP6G9
Anyone know what kind of jumper wire? Google has some that dont look anything like what hes using.....
So... the battery listed is no longer available.  Can anyone tell me what I can use in place of it?
This is proof that women are generally shit drivers.
I’m trying to add a battery to my son Jeep. I looked at the amazon link you provided it’s no longer available. Any other suggestions? And the extra wire for the second battery which one is it ? I’m new to it and I’m trying to get an extra batter for speed and lights I added
How do you charge the batteries
Your green ride in rear is astounding
Can I use 2 different brand batteries?
What kind of wire? Can it be a red wire or a black wire?
Dont you also have to change the motors on the wheels? Or is it just possible to run the stock car with 24V batteries and thats it? 🤔 And what about the led lights and mp3 and so on...?
Im about to this for my baby girl lmao
Going from 6V to 12V that much faster?  And how long does battery last ? Thanks for the vid
Would a small tractor battery work better
Have you had any issues with the motors getting burned out?
Hola buenas  me gustaría saber  los materiales para convertirlo a 24 vol   que es la caja negra antes del fusible de 30 amperes aa cuanto dura la bateria mas menos gracias
When you charge them do you have to take them both out and charge them one by one or charge them as they are when there connected ?
Awesome video, thanks for making this bud
Dead!!! Haha!!! Thanks for sharing this.  Im gonna do this to my Granddaughters cars.
I love it
Bye bye motor 💪💪
Hi mate. I converted my son's 2x6v to 2x 12v. Lol the thing was absolutely rapid. It was actually lifting the front wheels up on take off . But with 10 mins it started making a churning noise. Took the motor case apart and noticed the 1st gear the smaller spindle which drives the 2nd gear has been completely shredded. Any ideas how to fix...or is a case of new motor/gearbox.  What would be a good upgrade ?
I've done this modification (albeit modifying to 18v using 12v + 6v batteries in-series) and it's great!  So much better using the circuit breaker over fuses...which would blow every 2 hours or so of riding time.  However, one of our Power Wheels vehicle won't take the battery tampering:  It's the Boomerang.  After doing all the wire modifications I noticed that once I made the final battery connection there was a tiny spark (none of the other 3 ride ons did that).  I had my daughter get in the driver's seat...and it started driving (fast) for about 2 seconds, then shut down.  The Boomerang has a battery light meter under the gear shift which only has 3 colors (green, orange and red) to show how much charge the battery has.  But when connecting the 18v in-series batteries...and after about 5 seconds of being connected, the light turns from green to purple (a new color!).  I tried multiple times, always with the same result.  If I had my daughter step on the gas pedal quickly right after I made the final battery connection, we'd get about 3 seconds of (fast) ride time until it shuts down.  I'm thinking this newer Boomerang must have some "smart" sensor that detects the motor is getting more than 12v of power.  So, I'm looking for a way to disable this sensor, or whatever is causing the car to not accept the 18v battery setup.  Any ideas?   And I might as well include that today our ATV style ride on (recently modified to 18v) seems to have had one of the rear motors go out.  I got this ride on used a couple months ago, it's a few years old.  As we pulled into the driveway from a long 2 mile ride (with all 3 ride ons) I noticed it  was making a different sound and upon looking closer I noticed that only one of the rear wheels was turning.  I lifted the back up and tried turning the 2 back wheels with my hands, only 1 of them had any tension, the other one didn't have any tension and just freely turned.  I have no idea what this means, but I'm guessing there must be 2 motors, 1 for each of the back wheels?--and maybe one of them blew?  Do you know if these are easily replaced?  FWIW, this ATV style ride one modified to 18v went a tiny bit faster than our Barbie Jeep and Dune Racer (also modified to 18v).  Thank you.
What kind of jumper wires are those? Having trouble finding them.
I admire the lack of protection I grew up in a non bubble wrap world and the falls that don't kill u make u stronger and I assume you know the skills and boundaries your kids have controlling the car so giving them that freedom also makes them learn and gain confidence old school parenting and mods 👍
I bought 3 of these Circuit Breakers from Autozone (as I'm doing this to my 3 kids' ride-ons!).  I realized that due to the long plugs/connectors on these Bussmann circuit breakers, the regular crimp connectors don't slide all the way down them (leaving about half an inch of exposed circuit breaker plugs exposed).  I paused your video several times to see how you managed to make the wire connection to the circuit breaker so that there is no exposed metal.  Did you cut the Bussmann plugs to be shorter so the connector/crimps would cover them fully when connected?  Did you use a heat shrink tube to cover the exposed metal?  Is it important to cover the whole metal plugs so they are not exposed--and how should I do that?  Thanks!
Awesome video bro
Hi mate , excellent idea..thinking of doing this myself... currently have a 6v X5 style jeep so want to upgrade to 24v . Do you need to upgrade the charger if so you what v/amp spec.thanks
Did this and burnt put the motor and the board
How do you charge the batteries? I did this and hooked it up to the stock powerwheels wall charger and it does not appear to be charging the batteries completely. After 15 minutes or so it dies.
I wanna do this with the lambo
I just bought this new jeep for my son.. the problem i have with it is.  I charged it when i turn it on it come on everything works including the remote. But when you  put it in farword or backwards It just click but dont move the remote work the front staring but won't drive it also. I don't know what's the problem
That's so cool💪
Stupid question..... How do you charge the new batteries?
are these rechargeable batteries?
Does having 2 battery makes it faster??
you want to use the Fisher-Price SEALED lead acid battery, leaking of lead acid will damage kid's brains forever.
Nice video.  Here’s my attempt with a drill battery... How to Modify Power Wheels to Run on Power Tool Batteries https://youtu.be/zTL9gjRx0iw
Hello  did the conversion, car flys but smelling some burning from motor... Can motor handle the 24volts for long period ???  Fire Issue ??
So the motors also work on 24v?
Wow really? Just by putting in an extra battery? Do you have to upgrade the motor to?
Brother....I have 12v electric bike....but I want more speed...wat should change for...it...like battery....wat should change for more speed
Excuse my ignorance but what is a jumper wire that you used from one battery to the other?
Is there anything special needed to charge this or same as if it was 12v ?
Mine keeps lowering a 30A fuse after a few minutes? Any ideas how to resolve?
Can you show how to change the connector size (grid)? I bought a battery but the connector in thePolice car is bigger than the new battery connector plug
Can’t you add traction to the tires so they do more than “drift”
Damn he was out lol
Cant you just buy a 24v battery? My son has the polaris 12v rzr is still fast enough for him the now but was thinking in the future could i just swap battery for a 24v one ?
With the stock motor?
20v dewalt battery is what I use.
Great job Dad!  I would love to do this on my son's brand new jeep. but this one comes with head lights and some more. I am afraid I'll burn them.
I tried putting another 12v battery into series in a PW. I bought a quick connect plug to go between a charger but it has a 7.5A fuse. Is the 7.5A fuse too small for 24v?
What is it that connects at 3:18? and if it is a fuse of what capacity is or what type?
My kids had pedal powered version and they became strong. Neighbor kids had electric and they became soft and weak.
looks so fun i might do the same but make the one i get a 19volts
6:34 Dats Supa!
Great except for 1 thing. Helmets at all times dad!
What voltage does the motor have?
I put a 48 volt battery on my kids car but it spun out every time to then I got the back tires and put rubber tires on it and it worked amazing until my son tried “fixing the car” and he took it all apart so now it’s broken and he is out a car
It worked, thanks
Is this done on a standard 12v twin motor set up? My son has a 12v bmw i8 twin motor ride on. Will putting 2x 12v batteries in make it 24v?
Man, I really need to do this! Maybe 36v with a motor that can stand it. I'm 30 yr old with a 4 yr old son and I also didn't have many things that I want my kid to have, like a scooter. I think a lot of parents are turning pussies in this generation. We need more people like you
Felt your pain when I was little too. I had a neighbour kid who had 2 of these things. He never allowed me to get into one if them but he kept inviting me over to come and play. Everytime I went over to play I kept hoping this is gonna be the day he'll let me take a spin. Spoiled little fucker just made me stand there and watch him drive around while the other is "charging". Offcourse it didn't take long for me to leave everytime. But hey...I was a kid.  About 15 years later he saw me in a gym. He had like steve urcle shape body and I had the rocks body from scorpion king. He wanted to become my gym buddy so that he could become muscular like me. I played with him for months saying see you next week. I never showed up.  Hope your kids enjoyed it and hope they share it too. You never know.
Unregulate it and go to 36V it has room for one more battery !!!
Put flex seal or some rhino liner on the tires and it would pop wheelies, might want some bike helmets though
love it
This isn't technically a conversion. This is over volting.
That's great man!! Now they have the feel for speed early and they wont be afraid to go bigger as they get older
Those kids are crazy they spinning out and everything😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Awesome video! Thank you for creating this post! That jeep really moves now!
I Put a craftsman 20 volt drill battery in my kids John deer tactor..it went faster then I could run ..it would do wheelies to lol
How's do you charge it
Hola soy de argentina yo tengo un auto de 6vlt se le puede poner una bateria de 12 volt asi anda mas fuerte o tamb tengo q cambiar el motor a 12
This is awesome! I was thinking of this as my 3 y/o and his friend were riding. He has a BMW and a Ninja Turtle 4 wheeler and the BMW has no power compared. I want to make it faster for him so it’s not always a battle for the 4 wheeler.
Ain't this some shit! These kids.. I had to use my damn legs a pedal lol lol
Is there a certain number size for those wires used?
Lol
Hi sir. I am also planning to upgrade my son's toy car from 12V to 24V. But do I also have to replace the system parts like the motor, switch, control receiver & etc for it to handle two 12V battery?
How do you charge the batteries by them selfs or both in series?
all the wires are way to small... That is why the wheel motors overheat...
I know it's a bit late, but could you upload the battery selecting and charging video
Will this work with Spider-Man 6v I been searching and I can’t find any I don’t know who to ask as no one know how to do it I really wanna fix my son power wheels it’s New was kept in the house
Hi every body, i have list video S2588 of webite Bongkids dot com. Click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWh9EvCB0ak&list=PLZXwDCKFy3G549MdrSE1942cqi6Z333no
If you made 12v to 24v, don't need you a 24v elektric motor too?
Awesome video
Woulsnt that burn the gearbox/motor?
Video is for the dads because moms are incapable?
burns motors up fast
Can the ESC motor controller handle the 24v or do you have to change it too?  Is the only modification is just a battery?
Now go an rubberize them hard wheels...
Your boys are awesome
Ok i did this on my sons remote control jeep. The 24v instantly blew the circuit board. Any suggestions?
Those rims are beautiful
Holy crap! Thing moves! You from Michigan? Houses look exactly like by my grandmother's old street, crazy
Everything seems easy, however all these vids never says how u can get that female power wheel adapter.
do you need to change the motors?
Doesn't doing that burn the motor out
please tell me this isnt Chatham Ontario, i swear i saw 2 blonde kids givin 'er last summer North side
Great video!! Thanks! I just did the same to my sons Jeep and he's fascinated!!
Please dont do this! You will destroy the gearbox and motors doing it like this. You need supporting mods to support 24 volts like soft start/variable throttle  and soft breaking. Not to mention the increase voltage and amperage going through the stock wiring will present a fire hazard. Best you can do without no supporting mods is 18 volts at best and even then it can cause issues with some power wheels/ ride ons.
Hi where do I buy the connector from the ride to the new battery (the black poece)
Where can I get the jumper wires to connect the batteries?
So my power wheels has 390 motor I Opend it and Tried to change to a 540 but it did not fit ☹️So I have bought a 2340 brushless motor for itBut now I just got the 390 motor. It was running a 6v 4Ah battery. But I upgrade it to 2 18650 batteries in series to get 7.4v 2ah I wonder if a 390 motor will handle a 3s lipo 11.4v.
What brand wheels does the green car have?
Do I need to do a motor conversion to accommodate for the extra voltage? Will it over heat the motor?
Hola amigo buen video... que tiempo te dura el carro con 24v de juego? Gracias
How long does the stock gearbox last with this though?
hahaha the kids are formula1 drivers
Do you have video of the installation
Hi, my son has 12v, was thinking to do the same, is motor still ok, did not burned yet? Thanks
Did you have to change motor?
it really work
What does the 30amp circuit breaker do and is it necessary?
I put led lights on my kids john deer getor so happy they are
😂 so awesome
Do the motors heat up because of the extra voltage, or because of the extra voltage plus the extra weight?
What gauge of wire youre using for this? And how do you reset that circuit breaker when it pops? Thanks
I'm trying to mod the steering radius currently
paint a little plasti-dip on the wheels and you'll still get a burnout but will give better control in the turns. 😉 cool mod! thanks for sharing
That is a beautiful paint job in the back of the power wheel, that green paint job was done to perfection.
After doing the 24v upgrade, would you recommend I just upgrade to 18v considering the heat and motor strain. My daughter is almost 4
someone shrink me NOW!!!! lol
awesome
Matthew MC Repair, I just did everything that you did to the “T” twice! I purchased a new Chevy power wheel and I thought I crossed something and fried it, purchased another one and it fried as well. What did I do wrong? Are the new ones wired differently? My 5 year old is really disappointed.
Want to put a 327 on the barbie jeep.  Any ideas?
That's awesome.  I don't understand why some people dislike this video.  Good job Dad.
How do u charge the batteries
LMAO
i wish u coulda have shown its stock speed
We purchased this for our daughters for Christmas. Assembled and worked for 10 min . Then heard a pop sound and now no power at all! Any ideas? Support won’t help me till  Tuesday and that is AFTER Christmas morning :(:(:(  https://www.bigtoysgreencountry.com/4x4-trail-cat-power-wheel-utv-rubber-tires-side-x-side-rc-ride-on-pink/
Nice stinger ( i guess) in the back
Or buy a 24v battery
how long did it last? did the motors burn up? just got an escalade for my daughter and it had a dead power wheel brand battery in it...thinking about doing the two 12v but with 22ah...(hoping for longer play time within charges? thak you
Thumbs up for that 3 year old, that boy can drive!
I’m 9 flip
Love that. Just got my kid a 12v power toy was looking to bump it up to 24v as well.
I'm guessing that's on stock motors?
Fuck you
What connector wires do you use? Where can you find them?
Nice Accord sitting in the driveway.
I've done this. It burned out the factory moters.
На долго ли хватит двигателей?)
wow thanks for nothing.
@ 2:40 is that a blunt and a bag of weed? lol. great video brother! Thanks.
Amazing "!!!!
increasing the voltage makes the car go faster?  does it hurt the circuit boards and motor?
Two 12v batteries won't fit in my current 12v power wheels car. Can I do a 12v paired with two 6v batteries? Thanks.
i did a 36 volt conversion
need a wheel protection, maybe or not
2:31 to skip the life story
Hi. I just got a used jeep just like the one you have and ordered a 12v powerwheel charger off of Amazon but have no idea how to use it. Do you have a video just showing how to charge it? Thanks
does it have to be a pair of 12v or would i be able to use a 12v + 6v?
What kind of wire did you use to connect the battery in series?
Great video, I want to do this for my daughters car. On another note, I noticed when my daughters car hits an incline, the car shuts off. Do you know if there is any way to prevent that from happening?
Awesome video dude! Great job!
Hey looking to do this step by step for my son, he has a 12v jeep hurricane, I am new to this any help I could use lol, do the Gruber batteries come like that
the difference between male and female drivers is very apparent here
Hi, once you have added the batteries in the series, how do you charge the batteries? Can the cars standard charger charge both in the series or do they need to be removed and charged individually?
What an imbecile.  The 3 year old kid could have easily gotten hit my a car.
What size jumper wire and clips did you use? I'm doing this mod tomorrow morning.
Have you had any trouble with the pedal's momentary switch burning out (mine did)? What switch would you recommend for 24v?
tell this dude isnt standing there chuckling as his 3YR OLD DRIVES INTO THE STREET AS A CAR IS COMING. Like wtf dad of the year
Are the batteries used made for power wheels or?
Are you still using the original power wheels charger to charge those batteries or did you purchase new ones? If so, could you post a link? I am mostly interested in extending the life of my son's jeep while we are outside most of day during the summer months. I don't mind having to swap batteries, but if you have found a way to charge these while in the jeep I'm all ears!
I'm new to this, how do you recharge the fire alarm batteries?
Nice. How can I connect the original Power Wheel battery if I want to keep the original battery and just buy one extra battery??? Thank you.
Hi, Can I upgrade a 6v to 18v, would the motor and the circuit board handle it?
we did a 24v conversion with lawnmower batteries ours took off just as fast but ended up shattering the #3 gear on both sides in the gear box lol, we just ordered some new gearboxes from china hopefully they will hold up better then the ones that were in there
I just did this to my daughter's truck and all I can say is OH MY GOD! Her battery was a few years old and instead of just buying a new one I decided to try this mod. I bought two narrower batteries from Harbor Freight which sat in there nicely after removing the stock plastic battery holder. I bought the wire and connecters from OSH and the circuit breaker and the whole thing took 15 mins. When we gave it to her she said "Dad it's too fast!" but she got used to it quick, and is drifting and counter steering nicely. Haven't had any heat problems, but she's a stop and go driver which is good for our cause. She was getting bored with it, and this has definitely given her new interest and excitement. Highly recommended cheap upgrade!!!
whats the run time before the batteries fall off and the kids bail out? maby a update on how the thing has held up with those small wires used to jumper lol
what is the black box your using
That Is Awesome!! I Screwed Bicycle Tires On My Son's PW To Get Much Better Traction & Steering On Dirt & Gravel. It Works Great!!
can you fried the motors at 24v?
Did you change thing on the gear box and motors???
wheel alignment needed after first WOT... haa... awesome dude thanks for vid.  One day i'll surely do this for my lil one
OMG IM SO DOING THIS!
Matt, on your "How-To: Power Wheels 12V to 24V Conversion" video you said (about 2:20) you were going to cover the chargers for the power wheels in a separate video but I don't find it on your channel. Did you make this video? I got a Chevy Silverado 12V from a friend for my almost 4 year old and the charger is dead. I thought about upgrading it but I'm a scientist, not an electrician or claim to know much about cars. Can you tell me what I need to do to rig it to work with something else to charge it (and what to buy)?
Hey buddy- I followed your video to the T. Everything was working great until last year. We had an issue where the car would not accelerate, nothing. Batteries are fully charged. Is it possible the motor got fried? I changed the bussman circuit breaker still getting nothing. Any tips or suggestions? I pulled the gas pedal out today and saw the connection. Not sure if I can change anything there.
wrap bike tires on the wheels for more trackion
great video man! thanks for sharing the info..
Anybody needs some mod ideas sorry to Jack the comment section my niece has the 18v system so she can't burn motors up sorry again  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qrSYup9iEXE
OMG that made me laugh so hard.. thank you!
sweet chevy in the backgound,.
That Chevelle tho 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
okay i just finished doing this im my daughters jeep and now the radio quit and it wont go foward. the lifhts still work, and itll go really fast in verse. any ideas on what the problem might be
okay i just finished doing this im my daughters jeep and now the radio quit and it wont go foward. the lifhts still work, and itll go really fast in verse. any ideas on what the problem might be
okay i just finished doing this im my daughters jeep and now the radio quit and it wont go foward. the lifhts still work, and itll go really fast in verse. any ideas on what the problem might be
want to do the same , but also I'd like to replace motor too. Any ideas where to get them ?
This is amazing! lol! same stock motor?
I'm essentially trying to convert from 2, 6 volts to a single 12 volt. The OG hook up was same as your mod. Can I just go positive to positive & negative to negative?
i always wanted one too im getting for my nef nice vid.
what if the vehicle has other options?  I bought my kid one that has working led lights and radio.  I wonder if I should run 3 batteries. 2 in 24v to the motors and one 12v for the rest of the equipment?
connect two batteries in series and call it 12V to 24V conversion. ha ha ha. The title should be like this: connecting two batteries in series.
How does that motor hold up to 24V?
Notice the blunt in the background
where is the power button to turn it on ?
Man I wish I had this when I was a kid
any pointers for batts not staying charged up long  ours went maybe 5 mins and we had to recharge them
Look up kershaw designs. He sells larger drill motors that can handle the 24v without an issue. He specializes in RC stuff and also sells adapter plates for the larger motors. I haven't looked into it in depth for the power wheels, but I doubt it would be difficult to retrofit. I've bought stuff from him for my RCs. The larger motors he sells make the tiny 550 size motors look so tiny.
Can u put 2 batteries on any power wheel like for a Mercedes Ben ? Or it have to be like a bigger power wheel like yours cause of the motor or it doesn't matter? And also can u charge a 12v charger with 2 12v battery at the same time????? Please let me know asap thanks
how do I hook up a old  school radio to a. battery
sweet Berkeley perhaps?
So I bought my grandson a Mini Cooper , it's slow , can the I she done on any car , by just adding. A second battery
awesome that looks like my parents neighborhood. I'm living in Redlands California
So what do i need exactly, I got the batteries, but the other wires to do the switch is what i need to know?
I've love to do this...my kids powerwheels are so slow that I walk faster backwards. Wtf
the screammming  that is funny
Great kids man!..been watching your videos I need to service the carb on my Kawasaki Mule 600 tomorrow...wish me luck.
does the police power wheel have two connect
I need to do this to my little girls jeep. To get more traction. I went and bought 2 small bicycle tires. Then, I cut the beads off of them. I stretch them to fit. Last, I used self tapping screws and went around the tires. And she never yelled help after that for getting stuck. But that was years ago. She needs something with more power now, to carry her little brother around in!!
The screaming at 5:46 is the funniest thing ever LMAO! Too much fun
Priceless!  Good job Dad!
where can i get the connectors?
can you change the plastic tires to rubber ?
lol the 3yr old had the wheel lol
Lol! that's freaking awesome! it must be nice to have an evil genius father. my son also has this luxury check out the little four wheeler  I modded it for my son😈. I am currently in the process of devising a brushless motor 24 volt Yamaha 700R motion Trendz four wheeler. it should prove to be very interesting. Lol. I guarantee their will be a helmet involved.
Where can i get the jumper wire's?
lmao. Dad of the year!!!
is the green car working
Glad one kid was wearing a helmet
how do you charge it?  do u use the standard charger
how do you charge it?  do u use the standard charger
omg your kids are having a blast your awesome
awesome thanks!! do you have any info on converting a 6v to a 12v or higher?
will it use the same charger?
cool
sr  i want to  put  from 6 volt   to  12  volt   how  can  i do  it
guauuuuu   that  soo  fast  very  nices
my mom  always took out the govern
BAHAHA, That is awesome!!!!!
Happy Fathers Day!
that's a nice green real car in the garage. what year/brand/model is the real car?
Great video Mister :)
Hey great video Matthew.  I will use it for my mod.  Have you seen your motors and gears getting too hot with the 24v.  Ive seen some guys saying not to go over 18v to be safe.
does this make it faster
Greendale wi?
so I get the part on how the batteries work but how do you do the wiring in the jeep itself, not including the battery, plz help
did u change the motor??Is the motor fail after you converted to 24 volt battery??how long does the battery last after you change it??I hear from a lot people the motor will burn after you change it to 24 volt battery.
Put some helmets on those kiddos
wow what a riot, I need to have the hubby do this tomy son's jeep
I meant to say send you a link! lol
you ever tried a 36w? I'd love to see that, might try it myself but upgrade the motors 😂😀 I will send you a send when I do 👊
If you don't want to run on 24v put the batteries in parallel for 12v and 2 times the run time
when upgrading from a 12v to a 24v is do I have to replace all the wiring? or can the stock wiring handle the 24v? great video by the  way, newest subbie!
\m/
i wish you was my dad haaahaa
what car is that in background ??? i like simple classic curves and wheels of that machine
thanks for the tips man helped a whole lot
Not safe at all
whats the battery life? I've got 3 power wheels I got apart and am rebuilding for my kids. I got the Artic Cat, a jeep, and an ATV. I rebuild some 18v lithium Ion Dewalt batteries I was going to use do to the power and longevity. But if these have a solid charge time I may do this insted
thank u
my son isn't even a year but I'm already looking into power wheels for when he's ready.
can i use 2 powerwheels 12 volt batteries together to make it 24 volt?? if so could u help with that.??
Nice upgrade
Great vid!  I just did the conversion!  So far so good!   Thank you!
Olá,  me chamo  jessica, comprei um carro elétrico modelo   WM 5058, ele está  um pouco  lento, a bateria dele  é  de 12 volts,  eu quero colocar a bateria de 24 volts, será  que para esse modelo suporta? será  que tem como funcionar? como  eu posso fazer para ficar mais rápido?
You sir are a fraud. This is not Conversion, this is simply pairing batteries. Conversion implies using a single battery of nominal 12-16v to boost it to 24-28v at the cost of Current(Amps) thus using a Transformer. Relabel your video please as it is the top search result for "12V to 24V Conversion".
Canyou tell me what kind of thermal fuse to you use. Where did you buy it from. I use the regular circuit breaker 40 amp fuse and have to replace it fairly often.
While charging the batteries in series, can you use the charger that was supplied in a regular house receptacle??
Hey man great vid looking to convert my daughters mustang to 24v what charger do you use for batts and how long does the charge last?
My daughter is one month old and this excites me to do this in a few years.
Please tell me you upgraded those wheels with some black spray on rubber on those tires.. I bet if they gripped better it would go Even faster! That's bad ass man. Could one of those new school super light motorcycle batteries? The Lithium ones that don't need trickle charging I read.
😂😂😂So cute
thanks for the video man. so you are using 2 batteries and each one is 12 v.
thanks for the video man. so you are using 2 batteries and each one is 12 v.
thanks for the video man. so you are using 2 batteries and each one is 12 v.
That's some killer driving for a kid still in pampers lol? He could b pro one day. Love it
I am going to do this for my niece, :D I should have chosen mechanical engineering instead of civil. oh well
My dad modded my mustang from12v to 36v
COOL 👍🏿
Do you have a link for the batteries? Are they 9.5 aph?
Lol! I just picked up a used Pwr Wheels Corvette, which was already pretty quick on pavement, and bumped the voltage using one 12vdc sealed lead acid and one 6vdc bc thats all that would fit into the compartment and that thing rips now. Thanks for the tip.
To do the 12 to 24v conversion right I recommend using an ESC system. For more info search "Power Wheels ESC Conversion Kit" on eBay.
Very informative video, and a big thanks for using our batteries!!
about how long can it be riding before batterys get hot??
Awesome!!
LOL, that right front wheel looks like it's one good bump away of falling off.
What about the rest of the electronics, would the increased voltage damage the lights, radio, mine also has a remote function.  In not this is amazing!
What is the voltage of the circuit breaker? Should the breaker be 24 volts since your batteries are now 24 volts in a series. Thanks..
love the kid screaming!! lol
Que necesito para poder hacer una moto de 6 voltios a 12 voltios me puedes ayudar por favor
I was contemplating buying one until you sold me on the never owning one.  I was too poor to have one as a kid.  :  (
can i do this to my little girl bike
How long do the batteries last and how do you recharge them?
How do I know what circuit breaker to use? Just any 30 amp?
That was awesome, now you have tons of wheel spin thou. It could benefit from a bicycle tire upgrade for traction. Thumbs up!.
Do you have to use the oem plug or can you just cut that off and run wires directly?
too freakin epic.  Just used your how to for the 6v to 12v conversion and my kids are having a blast.  Thnx brother. MatthewMCRepair
Is that a Monte Carlo or a Chevelle in the background? Like the c5 wheels
They sure had fun :)
dude that is awesome, thanks for the info....
