Watched several manufacture videos before this one.  It was the only one that covers the belt alignment and proper adjustment of the drive roller.  Bravo.
Thank you very much! A quick question: is it a must to realign the belt if it is crooked a little bit?
Thank you sooooo much. My belt has been travelling to the right at the end and rubbing on the side. It makes a huge squeal sound when I'm walking and drives me insane. This should sort it out.
Fantastic! Thank you for the explanation of it all 🤗 much appreciated
I have a weslo cadence treadmill.  And the motor works but when i step in to the treadmill it's stops working i notist everything is working but the belt stops moving.
By far the best video. Thanks m8
Thanks for this. My treadmill seems to run true until someone runs on it or walks. Then it can pull to one side or the other. Any advice?
I am constantly fiddling with my tread and this is by far the most informative, easy to follow tutorial. Downloaded this for later reference. Thank you so much!
Does this work with the Proform models?  I don't think I have a front roller adjustment screw.  I notice the belt is to the left coming from the front roller.
Awesome 👌
The best video with super clear direction!  This video helped me immensely!
2021 and this still works with current sole models, thank you!
This was VERY helpful for tension adj!
Awesome I tried all of this and it still won't come on the belt doesn't turn on it's on you see that it wants to turn but don't so I swipe it with a foot then it turns but when I get on the belt it stops I lubricated call myself centering it and the noise gets louder to I just put it in upright position until coronavirus is over cause I can't have a tech come into my home. :(
How do I adjust front part of walking belt if gap on side of motor belt (left side) and also small gap at back left side?
Thank you for posting this!! My biggest fear buying a treadmill was that something would get out of wack and noisy. It did, and I was worried I was going to need a costly fix. I then noticed the belt was not aligned quite right. Found your video and fixed it myself!
Dude !!!! Ur video made all the difference for me. I didn’t understand when I replaced the belt that the front roller had a tensioner too for the roller I just tightened it and man I could not fix the tracking of the belt until I adjusted the top roller !! Can’t wait to run again thank u !!!
The best most detailed description s ever, You describe how the roller works related to the belt is very important for one to understand.One question can I do both sides the same time ,or tighten one side a little and the same time loosen the other side a little or just do one side only?Thanks u are the Best dude !
Thank u. Saved me so much valuable time and money. Was about to call a handy man
Thanks a lot my friend
Great video!!!
Why does treadmill looks narrow my feet barely fit on the mat band
Mine wasnt used for 1 year, started to walk, slipped, its not working right its slipping... I think there is an amount of lube that droped on the pulley's, near motor. Should I put some break cleaner on belt and with a towel while its running to clean it or take off the belt, pulley's and everything? 🤔 OR I throw it in the street...
Thank you! Your video showing how to tighten and adjust a treadmill belt is so clear! I was concerned about how tight to adjust it, and your 'stomp test' explained it simply. Good job!
Thank you 🙏 so much for the tutorial, really helped me .  All the way from Nepal 🇳🇵
My treadmill is making weird sounds from the motor area. The treadmill runs but my son said not to use it or it could start on fire. Where would I start to find someone to fix it. I can't afford a new one.
That was so helpful! Thank you
You might be the only one that knows what I'm talking about. I just put a new belt in and that noise of the belt is a bit loud. I tore it apart and back together again so no idea where it's coming from
Hello again! I uploaded a video of my treadmill and the problem I’m having. If you would, please, check it out and let me know what you think. I don’t see any place for me to move the front roller. Every time I tighten the belt the belt pulls to the top left corner near the drive belt. I have spent hours, days, WEEKS trying to fix my treadmill and nothing seems to work. Someone mentioned a “sleeve” to me but I’m not sure what that means. Any help you could give me would be so appreciated.
This is going to be very long and probably annoying and I apologize in advance. I’m crying in my bedroom closet floor in the dark because I cannot fix my treadmill. Now I know that may sound very stupid, but I suffer with depression and running is the only thing that helps me be a better mom, wife, person. 😢 I have tried everything I know to do to center my belt, but every time I align it and then start to walk, it pulls to one side. I have a ProForm ZT3. It was working great and then my kids had a sleepover and they were playing on it with their friends when I asked them not too. It’s going on two weeks and I can’t seem to get it fixed. Before I do anything else I am asking... pleading with anyone to please help me. I don’t want to take the front cover off and mess with the front roller if I don’t have to because I don’t want to mess it up even more. 😢 I am desperate. If anyone out there reads this please leave me a comment and tell me what to do, please. Thank you so much.
Very good description on how to realign the belt
Just what I needed to know.
Super helpful, thank you!
Well bummer...ours is not made like yours. We took the front cover off and there is no place to adjust it. It it a PaceMaster platinum pro. I took pics of the front roller but I do not think I can insert them here. My husband says the belt probably came already on the roller when they put it together.   So... I see no wear to my belt in front where it is way to the right. I have made adjustments to the back rollers.    Will it hurt to use it this way? Do I have an alternative? I think it has to put a drag on the motor and can’t be good for the belt.  Maybe adds to the noise it makes too.
Thank you for this helpful information! I couldn’t find information on an unaligned belt anywhere!
Thanks very much -- a perfect solution for me with the back roller and overall tension! Many, many thanks!
Thanks. Saved me a call and some cash.
Hey man respect to put yourself out there posting passing on knowledge is great in this video pretty much did help what I was looking for but my best advice to give you is redo this video and change the phrasing of **this way that way this way that way **it gets a bit confusing, and with all the trolls negative people we Out thereI'm sure there bashing again again again......i knew what you meant just giving some real advice..thanks have great day
bloody brilliant :)
Literally just “” fixed “” my off center, slipping treadmill after like 2 years w/out using it.
Fixed mine! Thanks a lot!
What tool did you use to adjust the belt from the rear?
May some one tell me what I should do. Last week I was exercising on my Trimline  on a speed of 9 . When I exceeded the speed to 10 it Shut down. I tried all means nothing can turn , the power bottom not function
I have to replace the belt on an old weslo cadence 2300.  This helps.  Thanks
Great video, had to replace the belt on my treadmill and followed this to get it adjusted. Took a matter of minutes to get it set up.
I have a Precor 9.35 and the front roller is not adjustable. Both bolts are to be just tightened down not adjusted. With that said I just can stop the belt from wandering to the left. I have the left tightened more than double than the left side. With the older belt on both bolts were tightened almost equally. What am I doing wrong?
Great Videos and you were recommended to watch to replace my treadmill board, but how do you get metal side rails off the Sole to replace the deck?  I cant seem to slide either side!
How do you adjust the treadmill if it does not have a bolt system like yours does for the front roller? I have a proform, there was no bolt to adjust on either side of the roller but the roller is slightly angled to one side causing it to push to one side after constantly adjusting the bottom roller.
Thank you!  After fooling around with this thing all weekend, I finally fixed it!
thanks for the help my treadmill don't slide anymore
Nice! Just bought this treadmill. was wondering why it was not centered even though it was brand new excellent video thanks for the help!
Thank you so much - Love the slippers!
Thanks for the how to video. I just bought one for my wife and the belt was not aligned correctly. Oh and the homer simpson slippers were a nice touch to  haha. thanks man!
RJ, I have an older Healthrider S400..If the treadmill runs for about 5 minutes of normal usage, the belt slips and it appears that the slippage is the roller at the left hand corner where the front belt connects...Have you ever heard of the roller spinning inside the cog that the belt raps around?...Thank you...Paul
Just v what so needed. Thank you!
my trademill speed goes slow automatically from some days..its a electronics problem please help me to solve this problem sir
I am so glad you posted this!!! I was able to fix my belt last night thanks to this video. my belt was moved over to the left so much.
nice footwear
I adjusted belt to be centered run at 3 mph, for 5 minutes run it up to 5 mph for 5 minutes, worked perfectly no movement. But, once started "walking" on treadmill at 3.5 mph after a about 10minutes it started tracking all the way to left edge. Why is this occurring?
thanks so much, just bought a treadmill off of Craigslist and it was slipping...turns out mine was just a loose belt as well.
Great videos.  Fixed my 10-yr old Proform crosstrainer treadmill.  It like new again . . . and now I know how to keep it going for another 10 -years maybe.
Great video...... thanks. helped me fix the belt position problem.
I can clearly see the belt is crooked.  How do I fix that and make sure the belt is evenly tightened?
Thanks..... It works for me like superb!!!!!
can you accidentally shift the rollers without even noticing it while youre re-lubing it?  I relube my sole f80 for the first time a few minutes ago and now I have this problem.  I keep tighten and retighten the alan keys which takes forever just to adjust the belt itself., and now it slide to one side.  I havent touched the rollers myself and wouldnt even know how to until I watch th end of this video I guess
does this also work on gold gym treadmill
thx
Hi ,my machine is after 5 to 10 minutes stop and no working tell me plz what i do
Re-aligned my treadmill today, thanks to you!
what should i do if the toe cap on treadmill has been burnt away by the rubber, does it mean that my treadmill is permantly damaged and cant be repaired?
Very helpful. Thanks a lot . Fixed mine today
I had this problem (with the front roller being off to the right) and the Sears repairmen, as well as the Pro-Form repairmen I contacted were completely clueless.  I was so frustrated that I exchanged my new treadmill yesterday,  Now today, low and behold I found the answer I had been seeking for about 3 weeks now, right here on You Tube.  RJ Bike Guy you are a genius! Seriously, you truly understand what's going on beneath the surface of these machines.   I was worried that I would not know what to do if my new treadmill had the same problem. I can't thank you enough for this information.  I learn from all your videos.  Keep up the good work.  It is appreciated.
This video helped me a lot. My sole f60 belt was lose and pulling to the side. Thanks for video
I watched this video and did just as you showed us to do.....it worked  with just a little tweeking !  Thanks so much !
Very good info. But it is a little hard to take him seriously when he is walking around with Simpson slippers. LOL
This. Did not help me at all.
Thanks. This video helped me.
Thank you so much for your help...I was beginning to think I would have to replace the drive belt...You did a fantastic job with the instructions and they work perfectly...Thanks again...and BTW..love the slippers!! Happy New Year from Prince Edward Island Canada.
Thanks for the "how to"!!!!
Fantastic - I went through some absolutely terrible videos until I found this.  Great instruction and thanks very much for taking the time to do this.
Thank you very much!
Excellent instruction thanks for taking the time, not to mention the paranoia out of this part of treadmill maintenance!              You should consider teaching as you seem to remember what it's like not to know & that's a gift most don't possess and our child & adult students alike need teachers like you, just a thought.  Thanks
Thank You very Much! I was able to get my wife's tread mill belt centered in a few minutes with your great video. Actually took less time to do it than watch the video :-)!
Hello :) i hope u can help me and i hope i can explain it properly in english. I have got a new treadmill and following problem.  The belt seems to be moving fine when nobody is walking on it. The distance on both sides (also on top and on the bottom) is equal. But once i m walking on it (just walking not running) it kinda moves to the left side. But all of it. Not just at the bottom also on top. Equally all the length seems to move to the left side. SO that there is like 1 cm distance on the left side but like ^2-3 cm on the right side. What could be the problem ????
So main thing adjust the front first right... I have nordic trac but the belt move at right side... Like in your videos. Thanks it helps a lot
Thank you for the video.  Just have one question.  My entire belt has shifted over to the left.  Would I still adjust both rollers?
The belt isn't moving side to side at all. I did lubricate it but it didn't seem to help.
The belt on my treadmill slips - it's not crooked at all. I tightened the back roller and it helped a bit but it still slips. I tightened it to the point where the belt isn't lying directly now on the bed. It also squeaks really loudly. Not sure if it's the walking belt or the drive belt or if the front roller needs replacing. I took a marker and marked the front roller and the walking belt and by the time I finished 30 min on it the walking belt had moved and wasn't in line with the roller anymore. Any help would be appreciated
nice slippers!
Thank you, very simple and very helpful.
