Share this video with your friends and leave comments! Don't miss these videos: https://youtu.be/xNp5yIGHD2g?list=PLy0LaulZe0vQsYtqDelSwJsjS33pTHl8h ★ Let's be friends:  Facebook | https://www.facebook.com/troomhands  Pinterest | https://www.pinterest.com/troomtroom  Instagram | https://www.instagram.com/troomtroom/
I love watch this while fever lol
❤❤😊😊
orzbeez lol
Omg.Love it
4:30 Strepsils 4:38 Cheerios
Troom troom : **Uploads a new video** Me : C L I C K S I T F A S T E R T H A N T H E S P E E D O F L I G H T
Let’s be honest no one actually searched for this
I love it, 10 outta 10:D🥰👍
Jelly obbres  balls
I also like unicorns 🦄 a lot just like redhead 👩🏻‍🦰
7:04 that is a my little pony doll
orbizz keren😎😎
Wow
Were did you buy the fruite markers
Your videos is very super
Who want to listen there real voice.
"dOlLy *AnD* rEd HeAd  HaVe BiG fIsH tAnKs WiTh cOlOuRfUl *OrZbIeEs BaLlS*
I really love to taste the edible orzbeez 😍😋
{Troom troom}dolly and red hair {me}HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 😆😆😆😆
O R Z B E E Z  B A L L S
" magic happy pills"
1:33 Lol Lol
Am I the only one wondering why they never talk in these videos?
Gets sick after taking happy pills.....? I’m confusion...🤔
Make a edible minimum yous
These have been made for decades! Boring
I have made a life hack
Troom Troom:  Can construct complicated sentences with complicated words      Can’t say Orbeez right
How does someone get sick from drinking a cold drink?? 😂
What in the neck is this narration ??
Your channel is the best Channel ever
What is up with people in the comments within how beautiful and pretty redhead and Charlie are? Kind of creepy🙆‍♀️
Red head has obizze they’re fun and colorful to play with
happy pills
Woow
You Just Need To Walk Over A Rainbow To Find Unacorns
Am I the only one who heard orzbeedz balls
Red head is very beautiful 💘
*-O R Z B E E Z-*
Do an intro video with all people in the team
Please do more  cooking video
❤❤❤❤❤👍✌✌✌✌✌✌✌❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love it
Your good at making and cooking and baking!
There not orzbeez       Love you
I like your video👍
what the heck is an orzbees ball?its orbeez!
Troom troom: BUT THESE BIG ORZBEEZ BALLZ A RELLY TASTEY! Me:it’z orbees dum dum ( not tryin to me mean)
Dolly is so cute   Dont forget to like this comment and reply it!
Gotta alert! Stress modes are on maximum! Activate the ORBEEZ mode !    Dont reply and like this commen!
im here because of scrubby... its worse than 5 mim crafts 💀
My favorite character is dolly😍😍😍sorry  red head
This is Malcum 👶 1 like=1 year how old is he in a day
What are orsbeez
but dolly has a box of *MAGIC HAPPY PILLS*
Sure dug your friends that will make it up
Red head wow nice name
Orsbees
At least add flavor on the orbeez one
Orz bez balls?
that's not orzbeez its orbeez
Jelly Ortiz's and Lego chocolate
Orsbeebs ball😂😆😆⚽
I love dolly
I love ❤ edible orbeez
Pillls
I love Troom Troom!
גם לי הייתה שפעת לפני שלושה חודשים הייתי צריכה להישאר בבית שבוע זה היה אמור להיות יומיים הייתי אמורה לחזור ביום חמישי אבל ביום חמישי שהייתי אמורה לחזור הרגשתי גרוע יותר אז בגלל זה נשארתי שבוע בבית מקום יומיים שבוע במקום להישאר יומיים בבית נשארתי בבית שבוע
I also had the flu a few months ago, and I had to stay home from school for a week. It was supposed to be 2 days, but on the 2 days I was supposed to go back into school, I felt even worst.that's why I stayed home for a week instead of 2 days
happy pills sounds like drugs
Does anyone else notice that Red Head drank from Dolly's cocktail and Dolly drank it??????🤨
Sometimesi it doesn't work. 👌
I love troom troom in Hindi
Who gets sick from a cold drink?
They say orzbeez balls butt it's orbeez balls
Why does she say orzbeez instead of orbeez
Puts orbeez in title *SAYS ORSBEEZ IN VIDEO*
1:08 looks so wrong. Anyone here dirty minded? lol
Where do you get waffer paper and edible glue?
She is dolly. 👧 She is 0 year old 1 like =1year. Let's see how much years she turns
I hope dey be good
I can confirm that the happy pills cured my crippling depression
:)
Did anybody say LEGOS?
"Happy Pills" do you mean cocaine?
aZL
aZ
I'm going to make ''happy pills''!!!
8:15 Me: *AND SPRITE* Plz tell me I'm not the only army here
wow  delish😻😻😍😍💐💐
Love u troom troom 😘😘😘😘😘
Hi ay comment for you i love troom troom  im jam jam
wishes ain't real when I was a kid I wished for a tree house and its been 20 years and nothing
Happy peels
*Her friend got sick from a cocktail, then gets sick from Dolly, and drinks a cocktail. Wow great Idea.*
*”Orsbees balls” 😂*
Troom troom make a huge candy and big candy can one be Cotten candy
How many orzbeez balls can you fit in your fish bowl?
Was that pony toy princess cadence?????????
It’s not orzbeez it’s orbeez
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow
*REMEMBER KIDS: **_glicerin_** NOT **_nitroglicerin_** IT IS HIGHLY REACTIVE*
Hey T.       OKL has been an death with my loryg is uoufht.         What are iy
OrSbees baHls
Sometimes I act as red head 👸
Rainbow coctal drink
U said orbeez WRONG😤🤨
Stress ball? U need to rethink your introductions   I might just eat the sugar cubes instead of wasting them  Oh no red head got the COLD DRINK FLU SERIOUSLY 😒  Do u think they are payed actors and they are dying inside
*ORZBEES*
Orz-beez balls.. 😂
Best videos evaaaa!!😎😘
all the girls on the video ate soo poor
I had 1  of orbeez and they grew bigger and bigger and when I bounced mines it broke like if u had a orbee broke and if u ever had one
”Orzbeez balls”
You were saying oorzbeez wen it's oorbeez
I think that you should change the red head name to Katie and the blue eye girl name to Amber♥️
Ponka 🖕
I like ,😐
I have the same watch as red head no change its same to same the Bluetooth watch which is connected by mobile and yaa it runs by the application yoho sports
It so yummy😊😊☺☺
team redhead
i love troom troom
i love troom troom
Orzbeez yeah 😒It’s orbeez 😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😞😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒Edit:did you find it? Edit:please please like!!😘😘😍😛😋😝😜🤪
I love happy pills
I'm sorry its orbeez... where is the extra z you added. It's not orzbeez its orbeez
I love  food
Orzbeez?
Can you make more sick vidios😬😬😬😬😬
I like red hed i choose the unicorn🦄🦄🦄
I love you Unicorn so much I am 8 year old and thank you
I love you read had and Dolly and who making Unicorn I love I love Yu yunicorn
It’s orbeez not orbsbeez and it’s fragill not sounding fragisle
Ruda szmata
I love troom troom
🔟🔟🔟
😝👎X
You guys sound like robots
my fav troom troom
I like orbeez balls and happy pills
1:24 orzbeez...orzbeez.......orzbeez? ORZBEEZ!!!!???????!!!?!?????
wow i love this vid
Lll
orzbeez" gets me
Like 😂
happy pills😀😁😂🤣😃😄😅😆😉😊😋😎😍😘😗😙😚🙂☺🤗🤩🤜🤛😶😏
I like happy pills and card
Love it
you all should stop using google translate and learn some english.
hire me to be your comment moderator troom troom
These people don't use their brains I think I'm gonna cry... Orzbeez... Happy Pills... ... "But my orzbeez keep falling apart... But jelly balls don't fall apart that easy, makes sense... Happy pills... I just don't even know what to say... "And now it's time to eat EVERYTHING" 😶
who's red head?
“Orzbeez” it’s Orbeez    No hate.. just letting you know
I've your hair red head
O R Z B E E Z
*orzbees*
You say orizbeez not orbeez
My brain melted
*ORSBEEZ BALLZ*
“they fall apart right in her hands” because she’s *fucking* squeezing them
Troom 2 pakek bahasa indonesia dong plisssssssss🙂🙂😢😢😢😢😢
They get sick in the same day what
Doesn't anyone else think the girl who is called red headed girl is offended please leave a like
Is Orbeez not oRZbeeZ
wow so so nice video
I was sad but after seeing this video I  become  happy  This is my favourite  prank.
우왕 굳👍
Happy pills
Bitch. If you write "happy pills" on anything, I'm calling the fucking cops.
ITS FUCKING ORBEEZ NOT ORZBEES
those are not orbeez they are jelly balls no hate
Nis
I like happy pills 🍩
Orzbeez and sweet cubes....
"But she has happy pills"  Me imagines the therapist appointment and the therapist being like, "ok so dolly I hear you got sick from drinking to many cocktails and you got depressed after cause your friend wouldn't clean up for you since you were feeling better. Let's start 100mg of happy pills for you." Why did this come to mind. 😂
I was Hong Kong people but I don’t like it video I very like School surprise
gummy orbeez
Poor dolly her orzbeez ball broke 😂😂
you are the best
Yeah
Really cool video. This is my favourite video 😋😋😜🍡🍸🍡🍰
J
U know ur friend don't want this they're going to be like bich I don't want no happy pill's get out my face
Happy pills
More like this 😀😁😂👍
Princess cadance was the unicorn
I make this all things
I have that fluffy pillow but it's a super light purple
Uhhh The Orbeez Only Taste Like Water
Iove  love  trom
papers already edible
oorsbeez?
I love your videos and I’m going to make happy pills
Dollies colorful BALLS.....LMAO
CRINGE at 1:25 she says orzbeeds bruh learn how to talk OMG
Orzbez
Dollys colourful balls are to fragile
*ORZBEES*
i love unicorns!
Paris in the the spring
I am gonna du happy pils 😀😀😀
troom troom: happy pills   me: ummm i dont do drugs
*Dolly’s Colorful Balls*
Hello troom troom I'm 10 years old And I love your all vids love u keep it up👍👍
Orzbees? I can’t be the only one that heard that
i love your video
Orbeez not orzbeez
"orsbees balls"
Orbeez not Orzbeez
I Love unicorn
6:56 Bitch that’s an alicorn not a unicorn, y’all could of gotten a unicorn from mlp
Happy pills sounds like a drug.
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😗😘😘😘😘😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😚😚😚😚😚😚😚😚😚👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍✌✌✌✊✌✌✌
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 SHE JUST SAID ORZBEES
Orbs beebs ballz
Great
Does anybody else get annoyed when they say orzbeez balls? Btw it's called orbeez
troom troom I hate you guys what kind of person plays with pony dolls
you guys are very stupid
😋
'ORZBEEZ balls
Iloveyouredhed
Princess Cadence is not a unicorn she is a alicorn🙄
"Disappointed Redhead eats almost the entire card." Cringey.
poop
Orsbees
*ORZBEEZ*
Next they get Ebola
She said orsbees balls when it’s orbeez balls
Orbeez not ormsby's
Troom Troom:Happy Pills For Kids!! Me:SOOOOOOOO Drugs?
we can`t do it becuse i live with my friend and she has brocken arms
it prnunced OR BEZ
Orbeez not orzbees or-beez not orz-bees
Red head IS JUST LIKE ME IVLOVE UNICORNS AND IF I COULD HAVE A UNICORN AS A PET I WOULD
*Sigh* I have no words...
'Happy pills' excuse me but what the hell
you say orbeez so weird wtf
Orbees not orsbees stupid
Eat the balls... I hungry like yo
What are orzbeads? I only know Orbeez...
I like the ball
you are the best troom troom  💖
❤❤💋
PRINCESS CADANCEEE  6:55 uhhh Cadance is a Alicorn? whatever its just a mistake
i have a edeydo puppy :D :333
Why does Dollie look so young xD
It's orbeez not orzbeez
seedeng. again. why.
Orsbees balls
OMG I’m dying an ad came up right as they said cocktail and it came up before they could say tail so umm
That's a alicorn not a unicorn alicorn has wings and a horn 😑😐😕😡🦄+🦋
WOWWWWW cool ideas
Um at a candy store you can get candy legos already...    YOU CANT SAY ANYTHING RIGHT EITHER.
I tink ret het its my feibert kirl
There are Orbeez not orzbeez
Hey groom troop make a funny prank of all
I love u troom troom ur the best!
Why do most of the girls not have actual names that just really lazy
4:22 happy pills 😈
ITS ORBEEZ NOT ORZBEEZ
I love you red Head
الي سحب على المقطع و راح التعليقات يدور احد سعودي لايك👍
“*Happy Pills*” 🤔
Orzbeez lml it’s called orbeez
Yum chocolate legos
hapy pills? sounds like drugs
Orzbease seresly thats not how you say it its orbese GOD!
Hey redhead I am obsessed too!!! #ponysquad🦄🦄🦄
ORZBEEZ vs HAPPY PILLS like is happy pills comment is orzbeez
happy pils
Sis rayt
caN YOU SAVE ME THE LAST chOOGLET  LEGOOOTS
“Magic happy pills”
I wonder why everyone is going crazy about the way they pronounce, 'Orbeez' but aren't going crazy about the happy pills. Seriously, though. 'Happy Pills'?!
Wird
I also LOVE unicorns🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
I like your video it cool I going to make the happy Pills
Its not anti depressant pills
ทำตามแล้วตอนที่ใช้เมจิกเรากินปวดหัวเลยยยย
Do a edible toy challenge
Happy pills r acctuly a type of medication
You guys are just aweeeeeesssssooooommmmmee ... Lovvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
This was so cool your videos are the best
Teach  me more!
I LOVE UNICORN TO😍
Im sick today and i wanna eat choclate but i can't
There called orbeez not orzbeez
*orzbeez?*
don't say orzzbeez no say orbeez
Moo
omg stop say orzBeez thats not even a word
Cute princess Cadence
These chocolate LEGOS are so good
Its not orzbeez its orbeez
Orsbez balls...lol their called orbeez
GOD IS DEAD
_orz beez ballz_
it is orbees not orsbees
That toy unicorn is an alicorn called princess cadence from my little pony
mlp cadence
You guys pronounce orbeez orzbeez
Amo  vocês
ORZBEEZ??! OMG THE CRINGE KILLS ME
It’s or-beez not ors-beez
Where do they keep finding all these edible markers edible paper and edible ass GLUE?? IM PERPLEXED FOR SURE
I am a  fan an I hit that bell an i subscribeed an I liked it!!!!! I'm a super duper FAN!!!!!!!!!!!
I’ve only watched one video from this channel, but I already think this is one of the cringiest channels of all time.
How do you get sick just from drinking a big ass cocktail?
Orzbeez?? The cringe from that...😬
Có ai là người VN ko
What are orbeses
Did she say orzbeez
you call that a mall😑😑😑
*Dolly’s colorful balls are too fragile!*
How do cold cocktails make you sick ?
Red head likes the same think like do 🙂7:02
look so amazing
😱why should  you eat something from a fish tank schools out that's Shockkable
Why do you say red head
HAPPY PILLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ewwww they share food 😑
*ORZBEZZ BALLS*
1:43 does anyone else feel sorry for readhead. I wanna give her a hug
Hi yo tengo
Ya wouldn’t u be more sick if u ate candy
It's orbeez not orzbeez
Why but ok 👌
let's be honest 99.999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999% of these comments are about how they say orZZbees
Great video
This video should be called “edible stress relief snacks”
who wants happy pills they make you feel grate . . . . . . . ok bleach time :)
orzzbezz lol
😍😍
what the heck are orsbees
Orzbeez balls im pretty sure there call orbeez ballz
There are sucks👎👎👎
You are the best red head
For beez ballz
Yulk sugar paste IS NASTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. Wait. Are they just trying to be destroyed by Hasbro??
"Happy Pills" to give her cancer!
Ewww unicorns barf
Elvan sulu hem de Speed hammo hammo manke Monkey Monkey Johny Johny Johny Yes Papa Open Your Mouth Spiderman suluğu Lego Van trom trom you wanna One Muhammed kavun mama ye şu Smear Ham Meyva hangisini Turan Turan
Valencia genel hava en bozulmayan 20 Hadi anne Hadi gene iyisin Valencia hangi Evan spiegel Hamdi Gülhan Bahar Valentine
How do I get my stuff come and go with a snap? LOL (pls tell me)       Editing???
Orzbeez?REALLY?!?!?!?!!?!?!???
(^
What I thought they were called orbeeze not orsbeeze
10:35 I saw pennywise
At 0:34:Orsbeezs
"orzbeez ballz" what?
why did you say orzbeez?
Happy pills
*_Orzbeez_*
it's orbeez not orzbeez okay
Dolly is wierd
i like the video
0:34 orsbees balls
Can make a vid where all of u use ur own voices and names and introduce yourselves
Orz Bees balls?!
*Orzbeez*
Why..did they say Orzbeez balls..its Orbeez..
Happy 😊 to you for your great work and great news today I hope you have a great day today
Honestly I’m not sure how I got here or what I’m doing with my life, by watching these videos I’ve lost 50% of my brain power but I can’t stop
Troom Troom -Dolly is sick and has drank to much cocktail   Me-YEAH SHES DRUNK
Orzbeez?? UMMMMM????? WHAT THE FUCK?? Tana Mongeau is quacking!!!!!!!!!!!
Mini versión
Um was that princess cadence um .......
Look at those a big balls
She is saying orzbeese
'' Orsbez balls''
Mmmmmm………❤️❤️
Orzbeez?! They are called Orbeez!!
Waaaaiiit a minut sweets make you more sick :/
The troom troom chanel is so nice 👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌
I love you
This is Kaylee 👩 she had no friends in 6 years.  1 like = 1 friend Let's see how many friends she made (:
So creative!!
Has the flu, doesn’t wash hands after sneezing and play sugar cubes with hands..   *eats it*
Not hating but those are not orzbeez they are orbeez
my name on the list for the next few days but will be back in the process of the week so much for the quick response and the other two and a half hours to go 👵🙉👵💂👷👸👧💂👮
ITS OREBEEZS NOT ORSPEEZS
It is very nice
Love how chocolate is her lunch
Orszbezz balls
Happy pills are drugs
You must be crazy, cause I'm pretty sure that it's pronounced "Orbeez" Not "Orzbeez' that is the dumbest and cringiest Thing I've ever heard
9:56 what kind of mall is that
ORZBEEZ!! Orbeez oh the cringe
She said orbeez wrong orzbees really
So cool
With colorful ORZBEEZ BALLS F**********ck no 0:33
*orsbeez balls*
5:26 She just sneezed in her face. 😂😂
who has done these?
It’s or beez
chocolate legos
Orbeez not orzbeez
Orzbeeeeeeeeeeeez😜
Does anyone notice she said orzbeez
MY LITTLE PONYYYYY PRINCESS CADENCEEEEE
Dollie is new ro troom troom
No sugar for sick poor girl that’s just WRONGGGGGGGGGG
Wtf stop saying cocktail Df
ORZBEEZ XD
MAYBE  IF YOU WERE NOT EATING CANDY A BUNCH YOU WOULDN'T GET SICK DUMMIES!!!!! >:(
Orbeez not orzbeez
it's not orsbees it's orbees!
Eating sugar while your sick
How they said orbeez tho that's not how u pronouns them
*troom troom: happy pills* Z(o-oZ) *kids: what are those?* |(o-o)/ *troom troom: shut up and eat em*
Orzdabeezze listen very close
OK
Dollie reminds me of Violet Baudelaire, ALOT.
I love you troom troom
I love  you troom troom
“Magic happy pills” Umm ok
0:03 IS THAT A PREGNANCY TEST?!?! Magic happy pills.......why isn't this demonitized
Orzbeez its orbeez
...
after seeing "happy pills" it made me think of fran bow.  and anti-depressant pills.
Did you say orzbeez . Lol it's orbeez
IS THERR A NEW MEMBER?DOLLY?!?!?!?YAY!
Troom  €£¥¥§ your vids are the best I mean troom troom
Orbzeez it is orbeez
Orsbeez?...
🤮🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺☠️☠️☠️☠️👽👽👽👽💀💀💀🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
happy pills
Mzz
00:34  ...... orsbeez?
*its not a problem anYm0rE*
We might try orbeez
What's wow
They eat a lot of candy, how aren't they fat?
Happy Pills? Er Drugs?
who is here bcuz of the thumbnail?
Troom Troom mä oon teitän fani
I like Troom Troom so much
Happy pills? What is this channel now???!?? 😂
ORZBEEZ BALLS! CRINGY
What the heck are Orzbeez Troon Troon get it right it’s Orbeez not Orzbeez jeez
orzbeez....... wtf
Big
Bih
I want to know what the frick "Happy Pills" are
Happy pills😊
Am I the only one who started to sing the song happy pills when they mentioned happy pills?
Wait. Happy pills?        LIKE FROM FRAN BOW!? RED HEAD DONT EAT THEM
They like playing with balls huh?
I have been watching troom troom every day!!!!
UP ON MELECHOLY HILL THERES A PLASTIC TREE
GIVE ME THAT PRONCESS CADENCE TOY!!!
ORZBEEZ WHY DO THEY SAY IT LIKE THAT
Please stop saying "orzbeez" just. No.
Dollys colourful balls are to fragile (lol I hope so )
I watch this for the exreme cringe. What the actual fuck this doesnt solve anything in life.
Ok
the sad thing is that i used to like that unicorn toy she has at 6:56 until i lost it i used to take it into the fucking bath it was stupid and now im trigger wen ever i see it
I love that stock sneeze sound effect. Also, there is no way Dolly could make those “Happy Pills” while she was so sick (and without Redhead noticing, too!)
Ok but happy pills? tell me that doesn’t sound like anti depressants
You say Orbeez wrong, it's not orzbeezs
YOH SAY ORBEEZ WRONG!!!!!!!!!!
It made me hungry
Ware am i getting a 💉?          Am i going to rob a ddoctor's office?!😝
It is orbeez not orzbeez, just saying 🤨😒😑  and i am saying this to troom troom not a commenter
They said orzbeez balls. Why😐
Edible paper. Sounds like something a crackhead would sell.
happy polls work
Not hating, but its not called *ORZBEEZ!!*
0:55 edible jelly? Jelly is edible
Wait why does dolly have a regular name but red head doesn't?!😂
Its "orbeez" not "orzbeez"
Orzbeez I Love It
chocolate LEGOs
4:21 *”Dolly has a box with magic happy pills”*      Do you mean drugs
if you draw on sugar cubes with a marker, that marker better be edible o.o
*orzbeez* lol
1:56 Me when I watch these videos Btw it’s orbeez not orzbeez
Troom troom do you know what logic is
Yes I gig😄😄
Orzbeezs XD
Or beez!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like it jelly 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
“Orzbees ballz” last time I checked it was orbees
🐺💗
Jelly orzbeez balls
ORSBEEZ balls xD
lol you literally have a silicone mould for everything.soon you will have on in the shape of the freaking fortnite icon
oOrZbEeZ BaLlS. Is what you said. It made me annoyed the whole video.
NOT ORZBEEZ ITS ORBEEZ GET IT RIGHT JEEZ
Why is she saying *orzbeez* ? Lol
Cool!
troom troom always has girls!! theres no boys on this channel!!
Hi you know the part where  you have a unicorn cup and the Pony I have the same Pony I found it in a Pharmacy on the floor I asked my mom if I could have it she said yeah but if the owner comes and gets it to give it back and nobody came for it
I keep snapping but it's not working
Wtf
It is or-bees not ors-bees
Ring cereals? Happy pills?
"dollies colourful balls" watch how you phrase things
"Orzbeez ballS" XD
*Orzbeez Balls*
OMG me and my brother love u. Can u do a Mack up vido
My question is why sit around when you're sick, instead to go to the doctor?
Why’d you say dorbeez your spost to say it like orbeez
if my parents saw a box with " happy pills " in my room they would be more worried than happy
he best troom troom vid ever so far
These big balls are really tasty god...
Jelly orbees
Nice hacks🍫
*DOLLY'S COLORFULL BALLS ARE TOO FRAGILE*
You are ausome I'm loving your vedios
Cool ideas 💡
I LOVE THE HAPPY PILLS!!
They're sick y do u give them sugar r u guys crazzzy
0:30  Troom troom:Red head and her friend have colorful orzbez balls  Me:...       Orzbiez? It’s orbeez
Happy  pills 🐩
Why don’t you guys talk so much
like happy pills
and she gets sick drinking cocktails doesn't that mean she should be drunk and sick not just sick and what is it with this episode and cocktails
Happy pill are kinda like franbow
Orzbeez balls!? There're called orbeez 😂😂😂😂
Pakistan
You don't get a fever from drinking too much of a drink
The new girl is so adorable
Cool
Orzbeez balls? That proves a computer is saying things for their video.
"Orzbeez ballz" its Orbeez
OrSbeez balls
Orzbeez balls 😂😂😂😂😂
love you all😘😘😍😍💓💓❤❤💋💖💖💖💖
orzbezz balls i cant even right now
orzdeeze balls lol
Happy pills?That sounds like a drug.
You guys need some chill pills
*red head*
These big ball are tasty better suck them more 🐶
Don’t judge me but I HATE pink and I’m a gurl...
I love unicorns
Please give me a like otherwise i will get fever like them 🤒🤒🤒
I made the jelly Orbeez! They were great while they lasted... Before I ATE them!! >:l
No
*O R Z B E E Z*
ORZBEEZ BALLS
You will annoy me forever you say Orbeez like Orsbeez that's not how you spell it or say it you're going to annoy me forever
I like it
The way the narrator was pronouncing or orbeez was giving me anxiety
do edible squishy
Orzbeez
Is she realy have a sick
S N A CC     O R ZZ B EE ZZ     T E M PU T U R E     HaPpY PiLlS
Orsby XD
Orspees
Hi red head you have a same watch as me
Orzbeez? Dislike!
ORZBEEZ CRINGEEE
6:54 me to
Happy pills! The things I need in my life to keep on going!!
Its or bees
“Fragiel”
An ad played right after the narrator said ‘cock’
Orzbeez
"orzbeez"
Redhead is so obsessed with unicorns!*  Princess cadence: I'm a freaking alicorn
They keep saying orzbeez
Happy pills?????
I know how to make a chocolate lego and uniqorn drink
Colorful *ORZBEEZ* Balls.
# I              Love            your          videos!!!!!!!
Red head even comes up with a cock-*car ad* tail!
I love  you
YOU SAY IT WRONG
Love u make more plz
Imma make me some “happy pills”  😬😄🙄😯😟☹️🙂🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄😒     WHAT THE HELL WHERE THEY THINKING WHILE NAMING IT they could just call it like tiny doing nuts of something simple 🙄🤷‍♀️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
happy pills
And the Gello balls
Chocolate LEGO’s
0:33 lol she said orzbeez balls xd
wow
This is max he is 0 year's old 👶 1like =1 year Let's see how old he gets (:
0:20 lol she got some yellow teeth right there
0:34 she said Orzbees
i LOVE unicorns too! i really want to try the magical cocktail too! and the edible spelling blocks to!
orzbeez
*eats pink LEGO *nice
I think Red Head is my fave character in Troom Troom.
It's pronounced Or-bee-z
Orbees not orsbees you idiot.
Daley and Red head are so pretty
These orsbeesballs lolololol
Your dumb haters
Lol did they just say orsbeez??
Happy pills sound like a drug
Eating two balls at a time yeah!
Wtf i just can’t the voice over is so annoying I hate this channel
They called them ORZBEEZ! LOL
1:47 do you even have friends? Or are they “late”
Orzbeez?
Nice love it first time late :-(
Wow um this video is um umm AWESOME go girls go love you guys
0:33 orsbeez um english who!?!??!??!?!!?!
ITS NOT ORSBEES ITS ORBEES O-R-B-E-E-S THERE IS NOT AN S IN THE MIDDLE OK
Orzbeez? *WHY DOES THIS GIRL HAVE 107 DEGREES FAREINHEIT???*
The happy pills sounded like drugs
troom troom : happy pills makes you happy ,me :is that a drug reference ?
0:34 horsebees
I HATE THE WAY YOU SAY ORBEEZ!!!! ITS NOT ORZBEEZ ITS ORBEEZ
*O R Z B E E Z*
Happy pills
Make more
*ORZBEEZ*
Orzbeez. *TRIGGERED*
I love the orbeez so mutch and Troom Toom she has a perfect ideas , like please 😚👍
I love it
Yaaay she was playing with princess cadence i have her
It's not orsbeez it's orbeez
What the hell r orzbeez
You have yellow teeth 😬ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwrwwwwwwwwwwwww
Just why?
In this video"doolie"is done with life, and who says ORSZBEEZ?
Giant legos
ORZBEEZ??!!
IT'S NOT ORZBEEZ'S, IT'S ORBEEZ'S
OMG IM OBSESSED WITH UNICORNS TOO
Yes
You wish you knew the actual way to say "Orzbeez"
You said Orbeez wrong. You added an s after the b in yiur speach and there is no s
I made happy pills today
LEGO candys already exist
Happy pills? Sounds something for depression medication
can I get like"s plz
Orbzbeez
I saw mlp
Stop
Orbeeze! Not orsbeeze!
My dad have the same wach on red hair's hand
._.
orrzzbeezz
Оmg red head has got the same clock as I do
Who has all these things at home
*i love orsbees balls so much!*
Spite? It's Sprite and I'm a boy that is 7
It's not orzbee b  ball it's Orbeez ball
It'S NOt A prOblEM AnY MorE
“ Orz beez “   Sorry that bothered me.  Edit: I noticed that In the second hack Redhead drank from both cups. No wonder why Dolly/Dollie got sick.
Happy piles
mlp
NOOOO!!! YOU TOOK MY UNICORNS!!!
They said orbeez wrong I think they said : „orzbeez“ and not :“orbeez“
orzzbeez
Nice Food reptacluded😁😂 I'm being sighcastic😠
Fyvhjkmhy هههههه
At 0:52 did she say Orzbeez lol ;)
Well nah
SICK FRIEND HER FRIEND IS SICK
Happy pills sound like it’s for druggies
Troom Troom : Orzbeez Me: What the heck is a orzbeez  it's properly pronounced Orbeez
That's a alicorn idiot 🤦🏻‍♀️
I think that I am going to make the jelly orbis and share them with my best buddie
orzbees, nice
7:00 my little pony I have a lot!!!!
choque make a song of Scooby Doo papá
Lego
Orzbeez again
I always watch troom troom
10:15 #1 VITORY ROYALE
orserbeez  no prononced ore bees
‘These big balls are really tasty’ 😂ORZBEEZ
Red head and dolly are really really quite
Its orbeeze nega
"but she has happy pills" Me: ...oh
I love red head girl and dolly
happy pills are drugs O_O
Orsbees balls 😂😂😂
Orzbeez balls...
Fuck your videos i fucking hate your videos its fucking boring
*orsbeese balls*
Fench please
I think I said it wrong
It's gift love happy not love gift happy
Red head is my favorite character
I LIKE THIS VIDEOS
troom TROOM MAKE EDIBLE SLLLIIIMMMEEE
cool😎😎😎😎😎
Some r ok some r too EXTRA wtf i hate extra Its not orsbees its orbeez
Orzbees balls 1:25
I like how they can spell orbeez but cannot say it right xD
1.Orbeez not Orzbeez 2.Cocktails are made from "bad juice" 3.Redhead is not a name 4. No one is going to waste their time heating up a knife  5. No one is gonna do this because they take too long 6.Most people don't have everything you need for these "hacks" 7.I'm gonna get lots of hate
Orzbeez
I also like unicorn
I like ur videos
Wow so cool cholate lego wow i love it😍😄
Makes me happy😊
'Happy pills' sounds like drugs
O R Z B E E Z
Who else is watching this in 2019
I need those Orbeez. (And yes, I excuse your mistakes, unlike the other people here) Your ideas are really amazing. 😉😊
At 0:33 Ora-bees-balls.           ;-;
5:31 redhead you dumbass
“You can also eat the butterflies. It cheers up redhead Immediately.”  Redhead sounds like a diabetic...
Okay, not trying to be pissy rn but, they said happy pills, and this makes me really mad because happy pills are sometimes referred as pills that depressed people take. I’m personally depressed and I have to take the pills. I’m sick of this channel.
Why did you say orzbeez correction orbeez
I love your video
orbeez. no its 0rZBEez
Drank to much cold cocktail and got sick boi get help
Orzbeez? ORZBEEZ??? I'M DONE! BYE! B-by-byeeeeeee
“Magic happy pills” wtf
Orsbeez XD
These have nothing to do with orbeez
Orsbeez balls????
"Dollie's colorful balls are too fragile" omg I love the internet
Orbees nor orsbees
red head has a Chinese fit bit called a MI fit!!!!
Orzsbeezs balls. And dat wat de say haha
'orzbeez balls'
They say orzbeez balls I hate it so much it's or-beez
ORZBEEZ!
I can nevr do these but I still love watching em
What are orzbeez balls 😆😆😆😆
I love ponys
3:52  Dolly's face 😂😂
What are orsbees balls
0:52 orzbeez
I💗💗💗💗💗💗 unicorns and rainbows 🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄like redhead
1:48-1:55 HoW cOuLd tHiS HaPpEn TO MeH!?!? I MaDe MaH MiStAkEs!!!
Orzbeez? Srsly? Ay what has gotten in this generation? Oof.
i did the cocktail
5:08 happy pills ehehehe🚬
They said orzbeez when it's pronounced (or - bee - z)
Orzbeez?
this video gave me a headache the colors are too bright
orzbeez ballz ;-;
Time waste
Read head's teeth are yellow
B
I like the DIYs, but orbeezs are not pronounced orzbees
Wth its not orzbeez like in the video it said that but its actually orbeez
That's why I have unicorn image
I like unicorns 🦄 aswell
2:45 #EATME!!!
2.45 #EAT ME
*orsbees*
Who is that voice
Troom Troom ????
T
Orz-beez balls
7:02 i thought that was an alicorn, but i guess its just a unicorn with wings.
Red head. Like meh!         And I like unicorns two :3
And you can’t get sick by drinking a cocktail
None of them are Stress relievers
Not hating but... How are all of these STRESS RELIEVERS? Example: A cocktail isn't a stress reliever.
Drinking cocktail juice make us sick         WOW that’s a new disease
Groom groom idea's are so good.
oorzbeez ball
Wow! Happy pills! Solve all your problems
Orsbeez balls
Orsasbeez
Orzbeez wow good job at knock offs 😂
Um did u know that unicorns does not exist
4:36 and what if I don't like cereal?
Omg "Orzbeez" look at the spelling *ORBEEZ*
Cool ideas
Dolly and red head. 😂
It is orbs
The orzbeez were too fragiile to play with
lol did u guys notice they say " orzbeez" nor orbeez? it got on my nerves alot
It’s not Orziees
Happy pills sound like drugs like if u agree and subscribe to my channel pls I have a giveaway going on
Semisphere? Wrong! It is a Hemisphere
Does it have to be dry food coloring
Orzbeez?
*the mlp tho*
magic happy pills? HAH more like ecstasy
You Have My little pony toy
*Oorzbeez ballz*
Not trying to hate but, it’s called orbeez not orzbeez
What if you step on the Lego?
No offense but orzbezz lolololol
Jelly Orzbees 😍
Happy love gift
6:57 princess twilight is a alicorn not a unicorn but rarity is a unicorn
Troom troom you said orzbeez balls not orbeez balls
so  cool ideas! sooo cool
It's orbeez not orzbeez
i love your all vedios
Red head and dolly??? What names are they???!
*Red head X Dollie*
I wonder if these people are being held hostage and being forced to make these cringey vids.
I hate troom troom so much🤬
just the thing your sick friends sugar something that will get her even sicker
love the video there's just one tiny problem sorry for correcting you btw but it's Orbeez not Orzbeez...
Tiny doughnuts 🍩
Orsbeez
Yea happy pills
All of them have yellow teeth
All these edible stress relievers are so cool I want to make all of them
They r not cald orzbeez they r cald orbees
,one question, why do we have to put the ORZBEES ( XD ) in a fish tank?
*O R Z B E E Z*
Orzbees
Ok it's not an orsbys ball it's an orby 💢💢💢💢💢💢💢💢💢
0:33  *O R S B E E S * *B A L L S*
Love you guys !!!!!!#!#
Cool
*O R Z B E E Z*
you say orbeez wrong you say orzbez
Wait did you say ORSBEES?!
Orbeez not orzbeez no disrespect just a comment . Lots of love 💕
Who noticed that they were saying orzbees!!! Like if so and comment down below!
0:33 ;-;
Orzbeez😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 omfg
Orzzzzzzbezzzzz balzzzzzzz (now we know what grade u got in English,oh wait u probably didn’t even go to school with this content)
I love YOU 😊you are better than any thing in the world
Orzbeezlol
*orzbeez balls*
IT'S ORBEEZ NOT ORBZEEZ
It is a very good idea
red head you're so beautiful 😘😘 love you
how she can be sick becose of drink?
U NEEDED A F ING NAPKIN GET UP AND WALK LAZY
HAPPY PILLS WTF TAKE REAL F ING PILLS
AND RED HEAD DOLLY WTF?!?!
OREZ BEEZ WTF GET YOUR TALKING RIGHT YA NOOBS GOD
Happy pills...Uhh...
If I see happy pills I'm thinking drugs
0:23 orrsbezz
walla fuk whoas that 😨
How do you get sick by drinking a cocktail? Idk if you can please explain
0: 34, she says Orzbeez!! : D
You are saying orsbesball its orbeez
How can you get sick from drinking cold stuff!?
She ate the foil.
*Orzbeez balls*  w h a t
Do you know that there is only one z in orbeez I’m mean look at the difference orbeez ✅orzbeez❌ get what I’m saying
The pony looked like princess kedence from mlp
ORSBEEZ
"These edible ORZBEZ balls" wow troom troom u should go to orbeez original yt chanel😄
All of. Them💄
Omggggg you have cadence from mlp i love mlp and i have her too
Hate I gave a thumbs down and happy pills WTF
Orsbeez balls😂😂
Orsbeez
orzbeez ballz
I love troom troom 😍😍😍😍😍😍 love so much
Troom Troom: happy pills Me: does it have drugs
Stop saying orsbeez balls!
Lmao orzbeez
Happy pills
It's orbeez
"Dolly and Redhead both have orsbees balls!"
Ediboggle
Red head??? Rlly?
Fix your thumbnails
stops saying orsbeez its orbeez
All the same thumbnails
*sneeze*   *gets sick by drinking a cocktail*       *seems legit*
Happy pills
Oh i like orsbeez!
"Ozbeez"
Gliter is my faiwrot color
Put a Lolipop stick on the Edible jelly XD ITS GONNA BE A JELLY LOLIPOP XD
She got sick from a cocktail
*O R S B E E Z*
Orsbeez 😂😂😂
I met you dolly!
I love Red Head's ribbon
Hey
I Love Unicorns Too! And Rainbows!🦄🌈
You ppl are the best I do not have this stuff
It’s or bees
Orzbeez   IM TRIGGERD
Why does redhead not have a real name and dolly does
Ohh I just love ur videos and that unicorn rainbow cocktail is so cool 🦄🦄
I like red head
I love the happy pills and I will try to make it. They are soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool and cute
l juste reanldsthe happy sounds spling
🎈💊💉💰🔪😘😎💏
You can use a napkin if you want it's just weird with chocolate
Orbeez happy pils
Пиздец
I'll make happy pills !!
Hello everyone and welcome back to the comment section been here before or seen me here LOL
“My magic is downloading apps slowly today” wtf is that even supposed to mean? That supposed to be a joke?
“Orsbeez”
I take my pills and I'm happy all the time-
"Orzbeez Balls"
Happy pills
hahahahaha
Ok I like troom troom n all but did it annoy any1 else that the voice over lady was pronouncing orbeez wrong
"happy pills"   w o w
what the hell is an orsbees ball, 0:51
Now I can prank my friends I mad some jello Robert and they were tasty
:)
Troom Troom is the best of YOU TUBE.
You your video
Love your videos such incredible ideas!
Orsbeez?
Its ORBEEZ not ORBZEEZ Im not hating
I will make your  head
Pranks and hacks plz
i love troom troom ♥♥♥
This video is amazingly cute!
You guys are saying oorbez wrong you know
I think Troom Troom is useless, but fun to watch.
I love the happy pill idea
Like si no tienes el inglés
I love the gummy orbeeze and chocolate legos the best!
Um where did you get That unicorn redhead? I also love unicorns as you do!!!😍😍😍😍😍
Lol orzbeez Ballz XD LOL
No entiendo ingles
Roses are Red Violets are blue. Im a hater so are you
Thanks I’m sure the happy pills will cure my depression
amazing 😘😚😙😗
Chocolate legos
What is a cocktail🍹
Pink blue and yellow  are my favorite colors
Orzbeez? Omg there is no Z IN THE MIDDLE
I love you both red head and dolly
orzbeez! hahahhahahah
But for the LEGO blocks how do they join from the bottom they didn’t put holes
Why you don't talk in your own voice
I have happy pills too... oh not those.
l have to see if you are not be in this message
This is a good channel to watch when I'm having anxiety 😂
Really?
happy pills are a real thing for phsycos.
ComE ClOSer, CloSeRR... HAPPY PILLS
Cringy and why dont they have names
These bake orzsbees balls... WTH?!
Dolly is so pretty like if you agree
0:34 to 0:57 tv14
my cat licked my phone while i was watching this ew
Dissappointed redhead xD
red head umm don't like the nick names
C Cr  Cri  Crin  Cring  Cringe  Cring Crin Cri Cr C
dlolly is sooo cool and beautiful first imma girl just saying
I like to watch the sick part
*BOI*
*orbzbeez balls*
not obeezzzs balls orbeez
kawaii！
Orzbeez???
Or-beez not orbsbeez 😕🙄
WHY IS THERE ALWAYS LIKE TELEPORTING MAGIC?! WHY EVEN PUT THAT IN THE VIDEOS?! I CANT DO THAT!
Again...... orzbeez ball😂
Пиздец вы бабки интересно рубите...
Magic happy pills 😂😂😂
I love troom troom ideas 😘😘
When u read it , it doesn’t say Orsbees it says Orbeez there’s not s
I love you I love your videos make videos on another channel also
Dawoodahmed2005012 LOVE
LOVE LOVE 💛💚💙❤
I was going to bring red  hair t-shirt at 7:2
You guys are very creative
Can you guys make more how to sneak food into class videos???
Don ,t press
"Orzbeez balls" wtf?
Hi
I want to know your name please tell me in new video
Troom Troom girls are so beautiful and cute
Orzbees balls lol
Troom is best
My friend’s gonna make the Chocolate Legos~!     *>:3*
There orbeez not orzbeez no hate I love TROOM TROOM and where did they get that unicorn pencil holder cuz I NEEEED IT NOW!!!!!!!!
Troom Troom: Do u like the video?  Me: No 😂😂 And u pronounced orbeez wrong. You're supposed to say or-beez but u said ors-beez
0:34 “Orsbeez balls”
Orsbeez? It OR B E E Z
So satisfying.................
ewww
0:34 ORSBEEZ BALLZ
She said orzbeez
Orsbeez?   Dafuq
I love unicorns too
Dolly
WAITTTTT A MINUTE... if she’s sick then why eat sugar? Wouldn’t that make her feel more sick? Troom Troom please explain?  (Edit) okay, I’m not trying to be rude rude or to be a hater, I’m just wondering. 😊
They say orsbeez
Dolly loves Legos we should be friends
0:02  "Nope, i'm not pregnant."
lol im only 9 but i never am ever able to get those things :(
0:33 *ORZBEEZ BALLS*
I like the chocolate LEGOS
Its not orzbeez its orbeez so stupid😕😕
red head is beautiful
Today is my birthday from lman
had a sick
*Dolly and Redhead both have glass bowl with ORSBEES in them.*
Did she say Orsbeez balls
miss canzala has a unicorn any way do more unicorn desert
*Who else got triggered by the way they said “orbeez?”*
0:33   *O R Z B E E Z  B A L L S*
“Orsbeezballs”
Orzbeez... nice
"dolly's colorful balls are too fRaGiLe"
I want the camera that prints
Someone tell me what that looks like at 1:08 (I have a dirty mind sorry 😂😂😂)
delícia essas comidas
Orbeezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Wassup
Orztbe balls that's what I heard
Happy pills? Is this a cocaine tutorial?!
It is not orzbees it is orbees
oh I forgot I used google translate for that bt ik the dollie and redhead speak Russian/Ukrainian they both from ukraine
Y всякому разi Привiт тгоом тгоом
Congrats for 7 million subs!!
EVERYBODY they wont know what ur saying I went on troom trooms instigram and all I saw was Ukrainian AKA THEY ONLY SPEAK UKRAINIAN
WHERE IS CURLY SUE
She said orzbez balz
Love you troom troom good bye
Troom troom : "These balls are tasty!" Me : who says that!?
please Redhead drink my magical cocktail ;)
Orsbees balls... wow Troom Troom...
what are orsbeez. in the title it said ORBEEZ
CRINGE
Happy pills...drugs?
I have a unicorn.
My little pony we you baby
Why call her red head when you can call her rose or blossem or even maybe areil.
Wtf
ORZBEEZ? THE HECK ???
*ORZBEEZ     cRiNgE*
WE NEED TO CALL 911 Dollie has DISAPPEARED
Question:did you like our stress relieving foods?Answer:NO
Ssssswawwwqazz
they are called orbeez not orzbeez
Your video is really fantastic ! I love it :D
why do I keep watching these
That's not a unicorn it's a alicorn, because it has a horn and a pair of wings.It also has a name which is Cadance.And it's from a cartoon called my little pony.
Why do u recommend cookieswirlC
When I see my bro seeing dez vids I facepalm and print a pic of trom trom then I Burn it or do other stuff
My life like dis     Me:BRO WHAT ARE U DOING Bro:Making edible orbeez Me:Not my jelly Bro:what jelly Me:MY JELL-O Bro:on yeah u need to use ur jello to make it Me:-grabs jello- go buy urself some jello Bro:NO Me:ok when did u learn to make this S@$#_  Bro:Trom trom Me:-facepalm- stop watching dat S$@& Bro:NEVER MAKE ME Me:I dare u Bro:ok fine (unsubs)
When they said "happy pills" I thought they meant antidepressants
Troom troom needs help
Orsbee I am dying lol 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣I don't know why I am such a weirdo
It orbeezs not what you spelled
I've had chocolate Legos before they're really really good especially the yellow ones
Happy Pills 😏😏😏
Con chó ngu
did redhead get married
Dollie
CADENCEEEEEEEE
Хорошр
The happy pills are so cute😚
you are so cool troom troom
Happy pills? I thought this was a kids channel
Yes we are sick, bored, unhappy, and stressed out from your videos!
My mom takes happy pills all the time!...but for her they are white!
So cute^^
I like this
That looks cute
Red head hah
lol im cracking up laughing that they said orzbees at 0:40
And you wonder why they were sick. *STOP EATING ALL THAT SUGAR AND JUST MAYBE YOU'LL GET BETTER*
ITS ORBEEZE
C CR CRI CRIN CRING CRINGE CRING CRIN CRI CR C
“Magic Happy Pills” uhhh... Are you sure it’s safe....? XD
Ghgkukg
WOW TROOM TROOM YOU DID IT AGAIN!!!! INSTANT HAPPINESS!!!!
*H A P P Y P I L L S*
Orbese
ODIEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
dolly's balls are too fragile for this
Dolly RedHead??!!
j'adore 💕
Am going to make the unicorn drink
edible orzbeez ballz XD XD
AMO LOS UNICORNIOS SON GENIALES Y MARAVILLOSOS💛💚💙💜❤
Me and Red head are the same but I'm pretty sure I'm more of a unicorn fan then her lol!!!! I made the glitter cup!!!! I REALLY NEEDED THAT!!! ITS AWESOME!!!! 🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Those orbez are giant in mozambique they are tiny
*O R Z B E E Z*
It really annoys me when she says ORZBEEZ
She said orzbeez at 0:54
There not pronuced as orsbesed  they are pronouced as orbeez
Orzbeez 😂😂😂
you pronounce orbeez wrong it is so annoying
It's not normal. A SORY NIE TO JEST DZIWNE
I like red head 's 💡
Your  videos are  very  nice  but  why  you  are not respecting   the   food
Orzbeez
happy pills
....so can "fat" people watch this channel?
Whats with the names tho
isn’t that bad if you throw used tissues off the tables to put food on it then eat it? 😂🤢
It’s Not a PrObLEMe anYmORe
Nice it made me so hungry!!!😮😋
ITS NOT A PRObLEM aNY MOrE!!!!!
What the heck are orzbeez balls?
Annnnd. 'These big balls are tasty ' <- that's what she saiiiiiid !!
It's pronounced Or-bee-z not Orz-beez
Orbeeze
*ORZBEEZ* oh the cringe
Instead of orbeez they pronounce it orbzeez
It’s called orbiez
1:47
I love you i love you😗😗😗😗
That pink plate at happy pills I have it you bought it at Ikea
You guys are sooo clickbait and useless ! Your pranks and diys are also not worth it !!!!!!!! And give them a name instead of just “redhead” or something !!!!😡I cant believe you still post videos !
Keep going on *FUCKING CLICKBAITS*
ORZBEEZ!?LOL THER ORBEEZ
Love you Troom Troom😎❤️❤️❤️
*Common sense has left the server*
This is Alice 👧 She is 0 years old 1 like = 1 year Let's see how old she gots
блеееее
I Love it
This is cringe.
As always I don't have anything
The red head is so cute and I like this troom troom
WORST YT CHANNEL
Happy pills
ORZBEEZ
Troom Troom MAKE BETTER CONTENT!!!!
LMAO ORZBEES
Orzbeez ballz lololol
Magical Happy Pills  *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*   *seriously tho. wtf troom troom? That took a dark turn*
Orbeez not orsbeez
How can they have 7mln subs with this shity videos
You must love your lips...
Dolly : * smiles *  me : *STOP FAKING UR JUST PLASTIC*
Wait happy pills... *happy pills* HAPPY PILLS. IM SO CONFUSED
I love Troom Troom ideas! 😍 *Guys welcome to my DIY channel* 💗
Happy pils
i love you troom troom😚😚😚😚😚😙😙
Dafuq why is this trending?
That is a crap drink cocktail
ORSBEEZ  I DYINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Orzbeez wtf is your language
I'll make edible orbeez balls
It is not orzbeez it is orbeez
Troom Troom is my favorite show and I love this show
They've really monopolized on the whole infomercial bad acting.
You don't have any logic. Watch morges video about Troom Troom,and you will understand that everything she says about you is 100 % true. You have so many subscribers for all the stupid videos,that don't have any logic.
it is orbeez not orzbez XD
Really, red head
I love your all videos
Трум Трум
your videos are the best😚
Who knew ugly ass woman could be even crinier than they look
*orsbeez*  Those big orsbeez are tasty
orzbeez
So so so good nice video
Why u call red head ? Please call her with name...
Happy pills
I'm a seven year old girl and I like troom troom.  Oh what's that? A rant video and a hate comment?!  THATS IT IM TELLING YOUTUBE BY REPORTING IT FOR HATE SPEECH AND GONNA LEAVE A PARAGRAPH OF WHY I AS A SEVEN YEAR OLD GIRL FIND THIS USELESS NON LOGICAL FUCKING SHIT ENTERTAINING
Troom troom, are you ok?
i like happy pills
" *orsbeez* "
Dolly's balls were too fragile.. :'(
Orzbeez
Is it just me or these ppl need to. Brush there theet but anyways love u guys
hello trom trom
you are cool
I like the way you said orbeez that made my day "Orbeez"
what tf
I thought the happy pills was gonna be.... Nevermind😂😬
The old SeeDeng intro.
Fuck ur diys. You dont have common sense
Oh yeah troom troom be use everyone loves sprite
Troom Troom r u okay?
love your videos
Happy pills ⚫〰🔲
It cracks me up when she says 'orZbees instead of 'orbees'
Troom troom someone make a vid and say why i hate troom troom. I dont know why they hate troom troom   My firstime comment in troom troom but i subscribed a long ago
USELESS
Happy pills?Either it’s drugsOr they have depression from being tortured to make shitty YouTube videos butheyyaneverknow
I’m going to make all of them
we like your video
It says it right in the start
Zorzbeez ballz
They've got flue thier playing with those cubes than eating them very unhygienic .
Who else love the word game?
I love you girl's
Dont play with your food
Edible orbees good idea what's next edible tidepods or bleach?
6:59 cadence!!!  (From mlp)  P.S. dolly is gorgeous  So is red head
Am i early?
Now I fuckin know she did not say "Orzbeez" she done said "Orbeez" wrong. The hell?
Orsbeez LOL 😂
I live Troom Troom
Zavala.
It's orbeez not oddness lmfao
Hey I LOVE unicorns
8:43,Me every time i see food anywhere🤣🤣🤣🤣🍰🍫🎂🍫🍩🍨🍦🍥🍤🍪
Wtf is A ORSBEEZ
ORBEEZE NOT ORZBEEZ
1:34 Orzbeez balls!! Lol!! XD
When I told my mom I needed stuff to make happy Pills, she looked at me then slapped me on my face lol
EWWW THE WAY SHE PRONOUNCED ORBEEZ AS ORZBEES
Who has time to do all this?
Troom Troom is very clickbait
Orzbeez?
So cool
only the orbeez part is cringe though
it is pronounced or bee's/orbeez
i friggin love UNICORNS like red head!!!!
Thanks for your email but it will be good if your not interested at your email but I'm good if we will get back in but I'm in but it not be in but I'm in but it not to good if we will get the info for you but I'm good if I get back in but I'm in but it will get back with the kids but it not a lot in the kids in a bit to pick it will take to good if I will have a talk but I'm not going but
It's not orzbees balls it's orbees.also it's not fragiel it's fragile!!stupid!🐈🐱🐱🐈🦄🦄
WE NEED CHADTRONIC
orsbeez?
Dali's colurful balls are to fragils XD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi63ah_L7ms https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi63ah_L7ms https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi63ah_L7ms
Finally something usefull.  Edit:nvm it would get sticky
ORZBEEZ
3: 20  Red head:..Her mood is blue       Me:  I'M BLUE DA BO DE DA BO DIE!!!
Red-Head? Can you please say her name. Because Red head is cringe for me
*did you call them orzbeez balls..?*
#life hacks
"bright babies" XD
“Orzbeez balls” hah.
No offense Troom Troom but...      Are all of these even STRESS RELIEVERS?
At least it’s not stupid like normal
I'm sorry, it's just triggering me that you keep on saying ORZBEEZ! It's Or-Bee-z!
It’s orbeez not orsbeez
defidently the orzbeez
0:52 wow xD
*O R Z B E E Z    B A L L S*
1:24 don’t you mean one
I really want to know if this is a parody channel
love this video!!!!! i will try it someday wish my fortune teller would come true
YAY MLP
at 7:09 red head is filling better
ѕ̘̜͎͢α̛̦͕̟̗̣̭ν̳͡є̛ ͏̙̦͖т̧̺̳н͇͕̯̳́ͅє̲̭͟м͓͡
"orzbeez"
It's pronounced orbeezz
Orzbeez🤣🤣 orbeez not orzbeez😂😂🤣🤣
انا عيزي اضم ليكم و بحبكو اوي
2:40 The make a wish card is not worth it. You eat it and you can't look at it? Not a good one
Troom Troom can we do shoes box recycle
Orzbeez balls
Orsbeezs    OMG it bothers me so much it's ORBEEZS
me: "Orebeez" Troom Troom: "Orezbees" Me: "Ore-Beez" Troom Troom: "Orez-Bees"   Troom Troom if you're reading this (though you're probally not) IM sorry but it bothers me how you pernounce orebeez
Orbeez not ORBEEZ dumbass
There are no good pranks, DIYS or life hacks on this channel
The thumbnail doesn't match the video...
I don’t give a fuck
WOW 😍😝💕
AMAZING 🤣🌸😍
It is orbeez not orzbeez
Did she say ORZBEEZS! hahaha LOL.
Happy pills? Are they depressed or something
That princess Cadence
Well congratulations 7 million subscribers 🎉🎉🎊🎊
6:34 ...... I don't need to explain you already understand
Everything is dumb
4:25 "magic happy pills" *o* *k* *a* *y*
Who watches the video but doesn't make it
"Happy pills" seriously guys like WTF IS GOING ON WITH THIS CHANNEL
Red head is so butifull
I like the "ORZBEEZ"
4:13 boys be having boner....
Are they being held against their will? I feel none of them signed up for this.
It's  pronounced  orbeeez not orsbeez
hi am zoey and i love arts
1:53 I have a Mi Band 2 too!!!!! 😍😍😍
HAPPY PILLS          WOW
She was not drinking the cocktail? I saw the sprite not move!!?
redhead the methhead
Yum ORZBEEZ BALLZ
YOU KEEP SAYING ORZEES
7M subs. Wow. Good job :)
O R Z B E E Z
subscribe4subscribe
You spell Orbeez on the title but say *orzbeez*
WAUW TROOM TROM!😘😗
*orzbeez*
Happy pills don't sound so happy
“Gotta get those Troom Troom views, gotta get those Troom Troom views.” 🎶 🎵
I ABSOLUTELY HATE THIS CHANNEL SO MUCH, THIS IS CLICKBAIT AND DISGOSTANG GO BURN IN HELL RED HEAD AND DUMB ASS DOLLY HEAD
THERE NOT CALLED ORZBEEZ THERE CALLED "ORBEEZ
I I a I am I am s I am sh I am sho I am shoo I am shook I am shoo I am sho I am sh I am s I am I a I
في احد عربي
Happy pills
“Orsbeezs balls” got me laughing
It’s orbeez not orsbeez
Isn’t it bad for you to eat sugar when your sick...
Wtf is wrong with this channel
How does eating a bunch of sugar going to help you get over a flu? Just wanna know
“Dolly puts her hair back so no hair gets in her eyes” THAT AINT GONNA GO IN UR EYES.THE HAIR FROM THE BANGS GONNA GET IN UR EYES
"Write 'Happy Pills!'"    YOU TRYIN TO GUVE ME DRUG S BRO???      Luv u!
Where do you get the Lego molds
orziees tf r those lmao. its or-beez not orziees tf
*gets sick*. *touches friend with the hand she sneezed*
I love the chocolate bricks and that colorful drink. 😍
I love hamburger and SPriTe        If you get this you are a boss.😎😎
1:25 *”ORZBEEZ BALLS”* It’s not -“orzbeez“- it’s “orbeez”
Unsubscribed lmao
Unsubscribed you guys are the worst
ihuu
Worst video ever.
ITS NOT A PROBLEM ANY MORE    😂😂😂😂😂😏😏😏😏😜😝
THIS VIDEO IS JUST SO CRINGY
TROOM TROOM RANT
ever heard of DONT PLAY WITH YOUR FOOD
Fuck you guys￼
Does anyone know if Red head girl and Dolly has their own Instagram account? I want to follow them plz tell me thank you
Red head is so cute n adorable
I l.o.v.e yous
06.06 whats wrong with your last finger
This is the most time-wasting channel that can ever exist
Mlp cadence alicorn not unicorn
“Dolly drank too much cold cocktail. She has a cold”
Omg the way she says orbeez
😭😭😭😭😭😭😢
Iam a  child please  please make me your friend
You’re in URGENT NEED of a stress ball.
I am vary vary vary big fan of you
so you just eat any pills your friends give you?.. 'cause I wouldn't -.-
EW ON TRENDING? WHAT THE FUCK?
orzbeez balls?? wth its orbeez
Happy pills
I'm also sick
"ORzbEEze"
The best would probably be the Lego but the rest just no are you ok
I love you 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💚💚💚💚💚💖💖💖💖💖💖💜💜💙💛💛💛💛💛💛❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💙💙💙💙💚
It's orbeez not orzbeez
That's cool
I will give her some happy pills vs. I will give her some "happy pills"
А почему у вас на английском канале видио раньше выходят
Yasss
chocolate Lego's
*OrzBeeS*
Orzbeez? Why are you saying it wrong it's orbeez *TRIGGERED*
Troom troom = DIY's and life hacks on drugs
Happy pills is a candy store in Korea btw
Dolly is really cute
Omg a like 20 year old likes mlp wow...just
Does groom troop ever realize that most of her viewers if not all ARE NOT ALLOWED TO DRINK COCKTAILS
Who else thinks happy pills sounds wrong for many reasons?
l love you troom troom 😍😘☺👍
l love you troom troom 😍😘☺👍
“Ok cheater I’m leaving bed” WTF?
l love you troom troom 😍😘☺👍
l love you troom troom 😍😘☺👍
what the frick are orzbeez
How can she get sick by drinking like half a cocktail?
happy pills?
I loved orbeez balls and happy pills
I hate you so much your vids are boring
how come you spell orbeez right but you can’t say it right?!?! ITS NOT ORZBEEZ BALLZ ITS ORBEEZ
Doly is  cute and l want to  make  lego
They arent orsbeez like u say they are orbeez
O R Z B E E Z    B A L L S
Orzbeez???
8:46 *bRigHt YuMmYS tOO* 😂
Îmi plac foarte mult episoadele acestea ! 🐼
Orzbees lol
Mold looks like boobs
HOW DO YOU ALL LIKE THIS OMFG
Orzbeez..?
It's not orzebezz its orbezz
..."Make a hole with a hot glue gun?" Little children shouldn't be using hot glue guns wtf use a hole punch and if its too small punch it again
*DOLLYS COLORFUL BALLS ARE TOO FRAGILE*
Why do the majority of your thumbnails have red lips in it?
unicorn drink
Troom Troom, you gotta realize its OR-BEEZ. Not ORZ-BEEZ
orbeez not orzbeez ( its fine)
sooooo cool
your videos are so freaking stupid they are actually funny.
Dafuq are ORZBEEZ
Chocolate legos :)
Troom Troom The New Cancer Of Planet Earth And The Deth Of Million Human Being Just my Opinion okey ps Troom Troom Is more cancer than Tik Tok Ps Red Head is A Brunnet LOL So Berely Shes Not Red Head Blue Eyes is The Red Head Plus Blue Eyes VAPES SRLY SHE VAPES JESUS
oh great their teacher kids that happy pills a cool
Orzbeez...LOL HAHA😂😂
Roses are voilets are blue dolly is cute
orzbeez
*Get you a man who treats you like Redhead treats Dolly*
Who came here because 5 minuet crafts kept repeating?😂
Why does she say orsbeez or orzbeez balls instead of orbeez LOL
dolly is lgio kueen
Orzbeez balls??!
Cool 😎 😎 😎
I dont dislike troom troom or anything, but  their stuff seems unneccesary at times. Anyone else think that?
troom troom, are you okay? i mean cringe level 999
Troom Troom is the best YouTube channel
Orzbeez. Good job Troom Troom
you guys are good
it is not orzbeez it is orbeez
What's coctale
How did I end up watching this video
or you could just... hang out with someone else, or your family.
Who else heard her say or these balls
Orzbeez
I will make happy pills
all of it!
Boziu boziu...JEST TU JAKIŚ POLAK?! Jak tak to wejdź na mój kanał i zostaw suba!!!
#44 on trending
Happy pills Upgrade Anti Depressants
happy pills are the best
At 7:11 red head was playing with princess cadence
Are you saying orzbeez?
Cool
its orbeez not orzbeez
i'll use your amaizing ideas to make me not be in stress
I am real sike what will i need to do
ummm.......ORZBEEZ???????
your channel sucks
These are SO useless
rubbish
The childhood memories of “orzbeez ballz”
You wrote the letters with marker and ate it
Red head wtf    At least give her a good name
Is it just me, or does it trigger you when they say orsbees?
So amazing
Well done 😀😀😀
What the hell troom troom??how did you get 49 on trending after all the hate comments and vids
I am going to make happy pills https://media.giphy.com/media/B0vFTrb0ZGDf2/giphy.gif
that's no cocktail...
The mini doughnuts are such a great idea!   I have to try it!!🍩
Red head hair is beautiful and all the girls hair too 😍😍😍😃😃😃
Orzzbe yep that’s who ya say it 😂
I know it’s quite weird but I’m gonna make this
Why is this in my recommended? Also Dolly? Red Head? Who would name their kids that?
lol they said orzbeez
Who loves Troom Troom Give me like! 👍💜
Dolly is so beautifull
I am missing  miss Meth and  blue eyes girl with  her  friend
#ilocestressballs/relievers
I love stress relievers
Am I the only Greg here?
Happy pills is a real drug like wtff
مين عربي ؟؟??  how is from Arab  world
Ilove you
You could just eat boba
troom troom im not trying to be rude i love ur channel but its or beez not orzbeez
THERE ORBEEZ NOT ORZBEEZ GEEZUS CHRIST U STUPID!
:-)     :-$
At 6:56 it's Princess Cadance :D Well.. MAYBE TROOM TROOM Likes My Little Pony :D
IM SO HUNGRY NOW
YUM
Seni seviyorum troom troom
All
I love your videos 😚😚😚
hi troom troom
How do I recover brain cells?
i love you
Orbez obrbezi balls
Red Head or Dolly???
Troom troom channel so good for child and teenage
This channel is copy of Sara beauty corner  They copied Sara beauty corner in almost everything
I like your troom troom
Yay! I love ORZBEES BALLS!
Red head is sooo Beautiful 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Love your ideas
"Orsbeezs balls?!?"
Orsbeez???
1,058,369 VEIW!!!!
I love troom troom
Happy pills don't sound right it sounds like drugs
That is not how you pronounce orbeez
Orzbeez
Mmm... I love my Happy Pills
That toy is my little  pony  it is a pony not a unicorn and I like my little pony
it's hilarious when they say orzbeez
I’m sick
I Love Redhead Because She Is a Beautiful  And I  would like her
07:09 princes cadanse from mlp
For real though when are you gonna stop these nails and lips thumbnails. Always those damn lips, think outside the box people.
Cool
You guys msde this video 19 hours ago!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IHATE MY MoM
It’s not orbeez if they are that big 🤣
“Bread head”
the jelly bolls are amazing
“Orzbeez ballz”
How does to much water make you sick?
*happy pills*
LovE
you pronouced orbeez rong!!!!
Yay troom troom
All food relives stress
You probably got sick because you’re weak and redhead drank from that cup.
Orzbeez? You know that’s not how you pronounce it... right?
HAVE MY EARS BROKE OR AT 8:08 SHE CALLED PIPE CLEANERS SHNELLY WIRES WHAT IS LIFE RN
Why did she say " orzbeez "
I love their pronunciation of orbeez orzebeez what a meme 😂like if u hate groom groom
NOT ORZZZ ORB
I LOVE trom  trom
Orzbeez balls..... seriously troom troom...😂😂😑
I hate how she says orbeez, she says  orzbeez 😂 she also says chupa chups weird 😂
Did you know you were saying orzbeez
lol
it is not orzbees balls
No
Who has a party with "Friends" when only one person comes
Orzbeez lol😂😂😂😂
happy pills
Orbeez not ORZBEEZ
Woww
You are my favourite girls
Im sick in real life
Who all like troom troom ♥
Dolly and red head is my favorites, they are so beautyful
She totally said “orzbees” lol who heard it or was it just me?? 😂😂👍🏼
Fuck
Wheres Emma and Belle?
orZbeeZ ballZ
I love troom troom
ALL your videos are so awesome😍😊
Good
Or-bee-z
*tic tac toe, gimme a high, gimme a low, gimme a 3 in a row. COW GOT SHOT BY UFO ON ITS WAY TO MEXICO*
Fantastic
shE LOveS tHE orZbEEz!!!!!1!!1!!11!!!1
'red head' real name is actually kate in short and she even stick her middle finger out in her instagram and like she was a kindergarten teacher before she was working on troom troom and before she work as a kindergarten teacher she was a chef I've watch a lot of videos about her
Who else has a problem with them saying ORZBEEZ when it’s actually ORBEEZ and they always spell it right in the titles, but never pronounce it right. Like if you agree.
by the way no hate room room but its orbeez not orzbeez
bonitas
ORBZEEZ I’m dying every time she says it
troom troom is amazing! 💘
Does anyone watch it but doesn't do it.......
Red head blue eyed girl curly so what are these god damn names
I love this livehacks👍
Orzbeez!??
i dont think sprite is a cocktale
Cool
0:34 "Orzbeez balls" 😂
Hi Guys!!! I loved the swirl but I liked the colours in Ronald one better!! and guys please search vishesh singhvi and subscribe everything guys!!
It is good
stressed desserts
AWSOEME
?🤔
"Orzbeez"
Chocolate Lego and happy pills!
CONGRATS ON 7M SUBSCRIBERS 😃
STOP HATERS IF YOU DONT LIKE tromm troom THEN DONT WATCH IT I AM TIRED OF ALL THE HATERS😤
ORBEEZ
I love troom troom
the chocolate legoes
HAPPY PILLS 😄
УМРИТЕ
They are orbeez balls not orsbeez balls 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂❤😂😂😂😂❤
It’s NOT ORZBEES
These are pointless af
Troomtroomis the best😁😀😄🎨🍭🍭🍰🍰🍬🍬🍫🍫🍫
Super idea can anyone have such a great minds 😍😍💕💕😊🤩👏
It’s orbeez
not 'Orzbeez' it's Orbeez
Sorry troom troom you have a lotta hater but im not one :3
Confused Orbeez balls or orzbees balls No offence
"Orzbeez"......you good troom troom?
Leave a like if you love troom troom
Where is curly Shu.....I love her but she never comes in any video .....pls shoot with her
It's called a sphere mold, gelatin, and something that can become a liquid and is really good.
SO SWEET
I love it when Red Head and Dolly work togather in a video.😊😊
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO AND I SEE EVERY VIDEO
Red head was seek in the previous scene then the after scene she drinks extreme cold sprite
orzbeezs
DİD SHE SAY...ORZBEEZ?????
☯️
Btw its a hemisphere
Red head is so pretty
I love that
OMG its my little pony
Have another new video
Troom troom i love youre video i love the new wans
2:19  WAS THAT WRITTEN AS "EAT ME?"  *BYUNTAE ALERT*
Sorry bad 😣😣😣
#Mone’tgang
Happy pills sounds like drugs
♥♡♥♡♥♡
I will make the unicorn cocktail
Apparently they both were sick But you said that 'Dolly' was feeling better  Seems legit
*OrZbEeZ bAlLz*
MY FAV YOUTUBER FOR PRANKS AND D.I.Y AND MAKING STUFF YOUR SO CREATIVE GUYS! :D!
*OrZbEeZ*
It’s orbees
*Orzbeezballs*
She said  orzballs
RIP Dolly's orbeez
Poor red head
I SUBSCRIBED AND I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS
I love you TROOM TROOM! 😍😘❤
why am I watching this
Did anyone else hear orzbees?
Pranks are enough new place make  room decor ideias
I'm intrested who got a fortnite ad before the video
Aww cadence you're so cute caybay I love you cadie baby
The girls are very beautiful
To go with the edible school supplies pls make an edible school pouch
Disgusting and clickbaity channel.
I just realised that 'Happy Pills' sounds......strange
I like your video
Love your videos
*Sniff Sniff. I got a sickness bug on Monday now I got a fever 😦😳😩
Orbeeze!!!!
0:34 *orzbeez balls* 😂
☺☺☺☺😇😇😇
Hello i an indian  but i is all your videos and all is assom and i also prank my frnds i love you all the member or troom i wish the in all video you take blue eye girl she is very beauteful And her exprashion is very nice all are best but my frt is blue eye girl👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍and keep aploading the video
Orzbeez?
It's not ORZBEEZ IT'S ORBEEZ
I love it troom troom  pranks
Troom troom  can you give me all of the DIYS in this video I live at 31 pyharps road :) BEST PEOPLE
Все жрут и жрут и не толстеют
Please make more videos bc your video makes me me so happy!!!!😇😍😍😍😍😍
The thumbnail tho
Omg waste of time you guys have issues lmao and there ORBZEES
Dolly is so beautiful.😘😍☺     sorry if the spelling is not right😂😅
RED HEAD THAT MY LITLE PONY TOY IS NOT A UNICORN IS ALECORN!!  I KNOW BITI COZ O VHATCH MLP !!
YOU DON'T NEED TO WEAR A NAPKIN TO EAT CHOCOLATE
She says orzbeez  EDIT: THAT IS ONE OF MY PET PEEVES 😵😵😵😵
These 🍩 are so cute
I am from Egypt and i love this channel😘😍😍
Keşke alt yazı Türkçe olsaydı
Orz bez really
nycccc
Amazing
Stupid
Only 1 guest and she said guests how stupid
LOL LOVE TROOM TROOM
Lol Happy Magic pills
orzbeez its orbeez
Yumm
Orzbeez? What accent do they have? :o
Has Any one ever hear of orzbeez because I haven't but I have heard of orbeez
Ooooooooooooooo beautiful
In the title it stands DIY Edible Orbeez but in the video you say Edible Orzbeez...
poor Dolly
ليش كل التعليقات انجليز
all😑😎😎😎😎😎😃🕎🕎
Nice 😍❤
1:37 orzbeez
Any vids about i hate troomtroom?
J love troom troom(but I so much love K-POP
Awesome  Love you Troom troom  Who loves troom troom  Please give a like ❤💕❤
Cool 😎
Orbeez
make a wish and *eat me*
0:33 orzbees?
*orzbeez balls*
Plz heart
1:54 nice move 😂😂😂
I like all troom troom vedeo so mach
Slime pranks please
(≧∇≦)
For me it's 3:47 am.
It's not orsbeez it is orbeez BTW luv u guys
what are orzbeez?
Happy pills
nice❤
ORZBEEZ 😒 I forgot its troom troom
اول
When she read it and said “eat me!” It sounds wrong...
orbeez balls
*Red head*
Y u say orsbeez it's orbeez where's the 's' sound coming from?
I'm gonna make the happy pills they look cute! :3
*E D I B L E G L U E*
Wow
Wow
Super ideas
Ahem. What Happened To 'Don't Play With Your Food, Kids'?
I love troom troom
Make some room decors for sweet tooth's and share them with us
Why do they say orzbeez  it's orbeez
They look Soo yummy like👍👍👍👍
This is gay.
The screams of the damned shriek faintly, but you hear them fine,they signify the entering of the shitty side of youtube.
Wow I liked it 😏😏😏😏
Sneezes once- “STAY AWAY FROM ME YOU SICK SWINE!”
Those orbee molds looked like boobs...
What are orzbeez?😂😂😂🤣🤣
No  hai
I like it
Happy  pils
pozdrów proszę Alicję Skowron jestem z polski ale bardzo was lubię mam 7 lat
In almost all of ur videos  u use sugar paste and food colouring
lovely 😀😇😇😇😇☺☺
So impressive especially the happy pills and unicorn cocktail.
it's not a problem any more
Cute
LATE SQUAD ANYONE?
Orzbeez ball yeah right ugh...... 😑😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒
omg my mum said she is going to sue u coz u tell people how to sneak food into class and u show kids how to make a mess
"OrZbEeZ"
That “unicorn” that red head had is a ALICORN from my little pony I am offended but these are cool ideas I guess......😒
Wth Redhead got sick when she tries one of the -happy pills- and then the narrator says that that’s what you get for helping your friend?  I mean isnt helping your friend when their sick good?
Cool
I. Will. Make. It.
I. Love your video
Good
Good
*redhead eats 2 bites of the giftcard* Redhead eats almost half of the card
Love this hacks....they are so unique😍😍😍
Im from Poland. 🙂🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱 Kto z polski trom trom ogląda?🙂
8 love.   girls
It is orBezz not orzbees
Luv you trrom troom
Why there are so many Bad comments?😔 I love Troom Troom because they're like a stress relievers they make me Happy and also my favorite character is Red Head😍
7:07 Didn't redhead have the flu?! Probably not if she's just sitting up like that!
Please.. never go up to a teenager and offer them 'Happy Pills.' That term can be used sparingly.
love video
orbeez is crazy but I like orbeez
There's a easter egg of a my little pony princess cadence and red head was playing with it
How can a paper be a stress reliever😑😐😂
Edible ordbeze is probably jello
I’m sick ;(
how do u get a cold fron a cold cocktail 😂
How can they do all that stuff when they are sick
I very very very very love this show
What is ur favourite colour?
😉Hi I am Indian 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Good ideas
7 million congratulations troom troom😚🎊🎉
I love you troom troom
_orzbeez balls_
me trying to he mature:Colorful balls.....fragile....SEEMS FINEHEHEHEHEHE
ORZBEEZ BALLS BIG ORZBEEZ BALLS ARE VERY TASTY Me: ( •^•)hmmmmm I thought it was pronounced orbees ....HEHE
Watch that Morges video xd
Super!!😜😉👍🏻😊😄☺️😱😋😮😍😴👍😃😬😘🙂😏🤣🤤
Red head your name is Kate and  your jobs were a chef and a kindergarten teacher
i’m not even hating on these girls like these vids are honestly addictive
5:52 I have the same but in giant haha
Orzbeez? Troom Troom, you could have done better than that..
OH MY GOD THERES A NEW GIRL! “DOLLY”
Dolly=rm=God of Destruction
ofcourse Lego
orzbeez balls love that
are u eat glitter
Superb😍
Love your videos they are funny
**sees Mlp toy** OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OOOOOOMMMMMGGGGG YES SSSSSSS~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey I see your video and I will be also ill
Orbeez ball
Hair doesn't fall into her eyes, oh yeah, the fringes and funny piece of long hair sticking out????
Pranlmk wars !
Sòoooooo  yummy
i love Lego chocolate
How will you get better if you eat sugar?   Well I don't know anymore
Who where live l live in Uzbekistan and you
What the heck is orzbees... dumbos it's ORBEES
Orzbeez ball???
PRINCESS CADENCE!!!
Am I the only one who thought cocktail was alcohol? No...ok
Please make next video on friendship day 😊
They made the unicorn with clay and pain with a cup
Orbez balls and not Orzbez balls
Ουαου τελειο βιντεο
Wtf red head???
All
I love you both very much 😄 😄😄😄😄 😄😄 😄
Their call orbeez on orzbeez bruh
0:36 she said "orzs-  bees balls"
so ymmy
I love y’all so much
It's orbees not orsbees
Why does red head eat like thatt 😐😒
I want red heads unicorn cocktail!!!
Happy pills
*DOLLY AND REDHEAD*
this is super stupid im even entertained
Bet, all the subscribes are 9 year olds.
I have 800 orbeez
I just can't 😑
i love the card prank
I love all these  😍😍🙂i likes you all but blue hed girl is my favourite😋😍😗🤔😣😑😚😚😚
Or 3
In the number 1:52 is she whereing    MI band 2
Ur actually saying orzbeez balls
nothing i cant make any o them
Why do they say "orzbeez" but they spell it like orbeez
You mezing troom troom
Hi its true or no hmhm
I dont like dolly
I love unicorns
Girls people are making rant vids about you
Always make these kinds of video
nice work
They said orzbeez when it's supposed to be orbeez
How you make  them 😃😅
where is Blondie and the dark haired girl 😐
Orzbees?😂what the heck lol😂😂
Orzbeez??? Or ORBeez???
You are the best
I love your videos troom troom 😚😙😗
Who else is creeped out by this bitch "Dolly"
Where did u get the unicorn cup i want now
Is "Red head" jealous that they gave dolly a name? Yet again who knows maybe her mom named her Red head when she was born and she just happens to be a red head.
i hate that you say ors-bees its or-beez
“Happy Pills” *Hmmmmmm*
Omg Kate is so pretty!!! (She’s red head girl)
troom troom orbeez are pronounced OR - BEEZ  NOT! ORZ -  BEEZ!!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay
OrBeez
orzbeez 🤔
굿
Troom troom pls make a mlp hacks and diy
I watch this to sleep
Cool yummy
the fuck is orzbeez balls
🐒🐒🐶🐩🦊🐱🦓🐯🐯🐅🐅🐅🍇🍈🍉🍊🍊🍋🍌🍏🍏🍆🥥🍅🍓🍑
This is the first video I've ever watched from Troom Troom and I honestly felt like I was watching something an AI wrote
Dumb
OMG YESSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Troom troom I 💖❤💙💜💗💝💞💟💚💛💜💙 your channel
What the fuck
"Sugar cubes with magical powers"........... Are you drugging your friend..?...
Orbeez with a B or-B-B-Beez
ORZBESS BALLS
What channel has 7m subs but only 10k likes..
I want a happy pills to make me happy .
luv u troom troom
Hey very tasty recipes
Orzbeez? Ok it's orbeez just a correction no hate
Orbeez not orsbeez
i love u maybe i well love u so much  date someting ball but she can eat someting ew i don like it ewwwww '^' well sing with me:i love u, u love me u like im sing byeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ^.^
No hate but why do u say orzbeez instead of orzbeez!!??
can you put kids because I want to see your kids or kids cousine....PLEASE!?Im also a kid 9 yrs. old
I’m not a fan of troom  troom why don’t they actually talk
Happy pills 😂😂😂
Orzbeez 😞
Hey lame ass vidz
Orzbeez ball WTF???
nothing this is dumb you are the most fakest people on youtube so just stop with the bullshit  so no one will try this dumb shit so fuck off of youtube
Sub to sub??
What are orzbeez? Also, WHY DOES DOLLY GET SICK FROM A COCKTAIL?
Not late . Iooooooooove u
tHE NUMBER OF TIMES THEY SAID BALLS
0:33 did they just fucking say "orzbeez"
My little pony
Sub to sub plss
What about our pranks ??? When will you guys will give pranks waiting for the pranks😊☺
that "make a wish" thing had a satanic ritual star
I love this I well make happy pills😍😍😘😘❤❤ from jasse . And I love your all video. I love troom troom 😙😙😗😗😚😚😍😍😘😘❤❤
how come nobody is commenting on the "happy Pills"?
Happy pills
*O* *R* *Z* *B* *E* *E* *Z*
troom troom how to make sugar page
Happy pills  troom troom
Troom troom cute idea's I love you
you said the word orbeez into orsbeez   its or-beez
Redhead is just like me!!!!
Orbeez
Sooooooooo 😎 😎 😎
"Orzbeez balls" That just- 😂😂😂😂
I love Troom troom
Happy pills
this is amazing
ORZBEEZ
I’ll make all three!!!!
orzbeez
Orsbees?
.....  where do you see 2 z's in the word orbeez...it's just getting annoying now😑
#hateredheadsquad and #hatedollysquad
6:50   YES VERY GOOD IDEA TO EAT *SUGAR* WHILE YOUR SICK
troom troom it isnt orz beezz it is orbeez
I like your video
*Orsbeez though*
Why not just eat normal jello? This is useless And the other ones just WHY?
Wonderful video
all i see is little kids saying this video is so good with like emoji (😃🦄❤️💜🧡💛) This video suck
“Happy pills” 😏
Please do some more unicorn food videos. 🙏🙏🙏. You r the best
NEWS FLASH: Unicorns aren’t real Red Head and what kind of name is that no offense
Edible plastic bricks how i a child gonna know the diffeence between it and a normal one nice going diy moron
I like the chocolate lego 😄i love chocolate 😍i want mmmmmm.......
am looking at this a night wen am so sleepy
😆😇😍😘
Why is this so pointless
Happy pills aka cocain capsules
Orzbeez balls? What!?
Ew, she sneezed and used the same hand to touch her friend's head
502 dis likes!!!??? omg no way you cant, someone who dis likes is a DEMON * * :OO :##
They are so mean!!!! “ read head” only wanted to help her friend and they re saying that helping a friend is bad because you will get sick! “ well that’s what she gets for trying to help her sick friend” can’t they hear anything wrong with that?!
9:57 and now, its time to eat *everything* ... Inhales the world😂
This is retarded
Happy pills and the rainbow uniform drink.
Orzbeez?  It's OR-BEE-Z
I want some coughcough *d r u g s* coughcough-  happy pills
Dude you guys should tell your real names and not make up fake names like red head I mean who has a real name like that.
This bitch said “Orzbeez”😂😂😂😂😂😂
wow love you troom troom
I love how they say orbeez
“Magic happy pills”
Btw its orbeez not orzbeez
these bright babies
That’s just evil🤬
where are u from can u talk in one of ur other videos, really.
IM OBSESSED WITH UNIC9RNS TOO
Red Head you like unicorn me too
*“oRzBeEz”*
*Awesome*
"Happy pills" -cough - drugs
all those sugars gonna be bad when ya sick
Hi guys
its edible, so it will disappear anyway
Dolly is so pretty love her hairstyle on her and she has cute clothes
AWSOME I WISH I'LL CAN DO IT
I like your pranks 😜😜😜😜😜
Colimba
8:32 she did not even drank the drink
I DIED IN LAUGHTER WHEN SHE SAID ORZBEEZ INSTEAD OF ORBEEZ
I'm in LOVE with unicorns too
* 5:27  S H E M U S T ' V E G O T T E N S I C K T O O YOU CANT GET SICK FROM A PERSON BY NOT EVEN SPENDING 5 MINUTES WITH THEM*
That's not blister medicine it's cypackol for sore throats xD   EDIT: YES IDK HOW TO SPELL CYPACKOL
👍👌🏻👏👏👏
That  is  cadance  from  mlp
The main reason i came here was to here her say orzbeez
The cup
Happy pills???!!!
Love you so much ! U help me so much when I am bored 😂
how to say Orbeez (or-bees)
I also love unicorns
😍😍😍 Lovee
dolly is Chinese or japanese
When dolly gets sick it makes my nose itch ;-;
Also is it weird that I have never played with slime before?
So does Red head
Dolly seems really greedy
"Orzbeez" 😂 wow troom troom
That is pretty crazy
Fuck u bithches hated red hed
Wow so cool
I love unicorn 🦄 and glitter ✨
Why did y’all say orz beez balls?
I love these ideas
Dont know what to do?     Go study instead for a greater future. You can buy anything you want and go anywhere you want if you get success in college. You dont even need this DIY stuffs if you got a wonderful job. SCHOOL IS IMPORTANT, KIDS :D dont waste your time.
I love it
I love u guys 💗 💕 ❤️.
esta en ingles😢😢
I will make none
#ARMY WHERE YOU AT...i know you're here, you guys are everywhere.
Omg red head you have a smart band like me but my band colour blue. All of my family have smart band to😀😀
I wonder who sits around thinking about the ideas       Looks at a lego.....I should make chocolate legos!
Orzbeez? It’s orbeez!
I like troom troom
WHY DO YOU REFER TO EVERYTHING AS A COCKTAIL DOESN'T THAT HAVE ALCOHOL IN IT
Troom troom gamingingaming made a rant video
These are very good stress  reveling
The glitter water bottle is disgusting
Legos
Dolly is doesn't look like a Barbie it's very cute
What are “BrIGhT yUmMieZ”
Happy pills
Orbeezs
I love your channel! :,)
It's not orsbeez it's a orbeez
Did she just say orzbeez balls
“Happy pills”  Do I really have to explain this one
I love troom troom
iLoveyou
You pronounced orbeez wrong  I didn’t even know it was possible
bjj
I will share with others  i  love  both  of  your  hair💎💍💌
Love your videos troom troom❤❤❤❤
Even as a SimplyNailLogical fan, I still love troom troom! ^_^
Not hating but what is a orzbeez         Yes orzbeez not orbeez
troo
Hi Toys R Us, may I ask where your Orzbeez balls are? XD
Did she just call them... Orz.... Beez... Balls.... Omfg....
I love troom groom video
OMG
What is up with the names
I HATE TROOM TROOM SOOOOO MUCH!!!!!!
What are orzbees. Troom troom its orbees not orzbees
The girls are looking very beautiful
Orsbeez? Wot. U mean Orbeez
It's OR-BEEZ
I want sum orzbees XD
*"DoLLy'S colOrFuL BallS aRe TO fRAGiLE."*
This girl said orbeez as if it had a z “Orzbeez”
It’s orbeez not orrzbees
just saying you cant get sick from drinking a cocktail
i hate you
Troom Troom is *AsSwOrM*
Love you
Orzbeez 😂
That's a ALCORN Princess Cadence FROM MY LITTLE PONIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ×××
Wait i knoe who unicorn and pony is that its pricess cadence!!!!!!
That's no unicorn it's an Alicorn Princess named Princess Cadence
*oRzBeEz* ExCuSe mE
hi i love you guys
Not trying to be mean but they are called orbeez not orsbeez.LOL
Pause at 10:25
You can't get sick from drinking a cold drink
Awasome
Dolly is so adorable. 😍😍😍
Don't write Happy Pills.. Write "Joyful Snacks", happy pills stand for something else, Troom Troom..
She has the flu? They have to literally leave and go to the doctors to get there flu shots! Or is it the fever? AND YOU CANT PLAY GAMES WITH THE FLU!
Orzbees?! Wtf its orbees
في أحد من العرب أحب قناتكم .        معني أعرف ماراح تقرأونها بس يلا😂😂😂😀😊
Love it allllllllll🦄
Unicorn is my liveee!
Why do you say orbeez so weird like
Did anyone else hear “Orz-bees-balls” instead of “Or-bee-z”?
More crafts please
Wtf is a orz bees
The 4 topics in their videos are either stress relievers,makeup hacks, school hacks, or food hacks.
"Happy pills" did you just DRUG Red Head?
sorry but when you tell me what to do like "this color, this picture" it bothers me so much so could you stop?
I feel unhappy and bored right now :(
Red Head's pity party is gonna go down in flames
please stop saying "orzbeez" its "orbeez" my god! so cringy!
Hi I like your youtube it’s fun and I wish I can be a celebrity too I very want to so I will try so I wish I can like you guys I very very very want to be a celebrity
'orsbees' balls? it's pronounced 'orbeez' idiots
She said (Or-z-beeez) Instead of (Orr-bee-z)
Hey you like this
Omg Miranda sings should see the orbeez thing
Orsbeez? Haha
Yummy
Nice one!
troom room
I love your DlYs 💕💕💕💕
When you're sick you shouldn't eat sugar
Where is blondie
Cool i love sweet food mmmm give me some
Orzbees?
YOU GUYS MADE THE MISTAKE AGAIN!!!!!!!!! IT'S ORBEEZ NOT ORZBEEEEEEEEZ
One time I gave to my friend orbeez to play with anddddd she thought it was jelly and ate it..  😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐😐
Hey, and....Troom troom Es . I'm from Argentina!
just go to the store and buy the Lego candy except it won't be chocolate flavored
Orzbeez?! What are those?!
Orzeebz balls???
Orzbeez balls 😂😂😂 IM DEAD!!
Cool troom troom
When are you revealing your voices
Happy Pill's is a drug
me. gusta. mucho. a. trom. trom
I TAKE MY PILL AND I’M HAPPLY ALL THE TIME I’M HAPPY ALL THE TIME I LOVE MY GIRL BUT SHE AN’T WORTH THE PRICE SHE AN’T  WORTH THE PRICE
Hello
Orzbeezballz
Love it
*ORZBEES*
IT'S ORBEEZ, NOT ORZBEEZ!!! 😡😡
*Orsbeez*
Did anyone else cringe when she said Orbeez
What???
Imma make nothing
hi! troom troom i love you argentina
What cancer is this
1,030th!  Y A Y
a unicorn is woching you now
Jelly orzbeez balls😂😂😂😂
Hey COULD YOU STOP SAYING ORZBEEZ AND SAY ORBEEZ INSTEAD
😇😇😇😇😇😍😍😍😍😍😍
Tinta tóners
@3:20 tempenture?
but the viedo is Awesome
i love this vid i relly ate a paper
I thought that tissues are durex
Thumbnails Is The Same Nonstop ;-;
At 0:34 really? OrZbeez REALLY!?
what the heck is an orzbeez?
Well I an not a girl
I Love unicorns too
I'm late I'm late I'm late
Time to eat EvErYtHiNg
I like your ideas 👍👌
Agan de desendientes
like si te gusta trom trom
0:52 1:25 1:36 orsbes?
Ewow
"happy pills" wow. how high do you get from those?
Actually, Troom troom... It's ORBEEZ, not ORZBEEZ !
0:35 ORZBEEZ 😂😂😂😂😂
I luv orbeez
Umm Ik something to do lay on tha floor! And just get better and get some soup and some other stuff :/ and if no one came to ur party get better friends cause they don't wanna be ur friend
I’m gonna make the orbeez and the unicorn drnk
Hahaha
*ORZZBEEZ BALLS*
Any stress relievers are edible if you try hard enough.
BRUH ITS ORBEEZ NOT ORZBEEZ U STUPID U DO THIS EVERYTIME😒😒😒
Happy pills?
Orzbeez? I thought it was Orbeez.
orsbeez?
0:34 Orzbeez ??
You should do room decoration
Or-beez
I'm early
A cold is not as bad as  pneumonia, like if you agree and if you had pneumonia ( I had pneumonia).
It's orbeezs  not orsbees
6:57 that's princess Cadence from my little pony
*''Dolly's colorful balls''*
how can you get the flu by eating a mini donught
0:51 sounds like they say orzbeez
Ors bees balls
She's not saying orbeez she's saying orzbeez!
:l
Happy pills would probally be slang for xanax
Wher do you buy the internets?
How many coctails do the drink?
0:33 Orzbeez balls said so wrong
I love your video and DIYS
69 views 1k likes hmmmmm weiird
Play with these jelly balls just like you did with mine
So tasty
troom troom u are the best I will do anything to see u and be with you for a whole day
Dtivjjiugjut
Orzbeez
Orzbeez?🤣😂
Orzbeez
I love all of your videos and I love you troom troom
Another youtuber hates your channel but I like your channel
orZZbeeZZ ballZZ
*OrZBEEz*
How do you get a cold from a cold cocktail?
Wow orzbeez
kids: NEVER TAKE "HAPPY PILLS" FROM ANYONE. :)
She said orsbees balls lol
Orzzzz beazzz ballzzz. Who else heard that 😝
Lesbian
Whats an orzbeez ball?
Orbeez not orzbeez
Orzzbeezz
“Orzbeez” LMAO
this girls is so smart
Voice reveal !
Plz do edible toys
Love your channel and you
*O R Z B E E Z  B A L L S*
Wove  so much comments
Cool
It is pronounced orbeez not orsbeez
It’s orbeez not orzbeez
Redhead??dolly??
ITS NOTS ORZBEEZ ITS ORBEEZ
I love you 😍😍😍😍😍😘 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
it is or need not orsneeeĺĺĺ
Orzbeez... hmm isn’t it Orbeez? Idk
These poor Eastern European women work 24 x 7 to make these videos. There wage should be increased.
It’s orbeez not orzbeez
WHO DISLIKED THE VID????? ONLY TROOM TROOM FANS ALLOWED IN THIS COMMENT SECTION
Happy pills is what I’ll make
Good👌👍👏
There's a song called happy pills. your videos are amazing though. ❤❤
Orzbeez? Lol dork its ORBEEZ
Congrats on 7M!
This is kate  👒 👧 👗 👢 1 like 1 friend
Orbeez not 'Orzbeez'
Orzbeez?
i loved it very much you know and i love you girls as well please like if you like troom troom like me
-AND SPRITE- no wait this isn't a BTS crack video ;~;
...or you can go to Yotality and get bobas. They are just smaller.
Hello :),  so BIG orbeez, I do want to become friends with you guys. you guys look so kind, I love it
It's not orsphies it's orbees get your words right I'm 8 and I think we should swap you go to school i go on youtube so get your words right😠😠😠😠😠👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
I love me some edible o r z b e e z  balls
that wasnt aunicorn but a alicorn princess cadenceprincess of love from mlp
Or-bee-zs that’s how you say it
Please, *DON’T SAY ,,ORZBEEZ”*
WHO TF LIKES THIS THING
*BIG ORZBEEZ BALLS*
I know alicorn toy name Princess Cadence
oof i wish happy pills cold exist in real life
Good job
I love youer video s
I love the orbeez and happy pills😙😙❤❤🙂🙂
Please stop saying cocktail!!!! Those are wines/alcoholic beverages!!!
Lá vai uma sugestão!O que vocês acham de fazer um vídeo de comidas SAUDÁVEIS,mas que sejam apetitosas?!  Gosto mais do inglês do que do português.
"Happy pills" oh okay..
orzbeezz bawlls
Am I the only one that has noticed that Blonde and Curly Sue aren't in the videos but they STARTED this channel...
Am I the only one that watches these for seeing how much cringe can come from 10 minutes?
"Orzbeez balls" 😂💀  Edit: I'm not trying to make fun of them, btw
u n h a p p y
omg wish I had seen this before taking my math exam ;-;
You were holding an alicorn  not a unicorn .
BRO WE AINT GOT A GLUE GUM
wow so cool nice l meat do it
*ORZBEES*   *Read More*
4:20 Did she say... "Magic happy pills"? Is she giving her freind drugs to make up for pretending to be sick?
I love you this vídeo
I wanna see Dolly and Redhead smash
I don’t think the word happy pills mean tiny donuts and something that isn’t so happy
wtf are orzbeez?!! XD
The way the narrator pronounces orbeez makes me want to strangle someone
How does someone  get sick by a cold drink
I love Troom Troom
no hate but its not pronounced orzbeez you say orbeez
Eating in general is my stress reliever
I love your videos and pranks soo much troom troom and your dog froofroo is sooo cute and I have a really cute dog to and his name is cloud!!!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
hi children my name is Grace I have a question and that is ok I speak to England I was from England why not think that is fair when I'm thinking I was thinking women going class it's your free mean really that good to trim I was helping for you or not oh god me acceptable helping for you. I say log in this is lovely Anthony my name is Grace I think that I'm from England and I feel things for you you're saying for you it's friends video of Frank littleproud troom troom I like at mad truck really really well that's it acceptable me think here to speak English you expect the nearest canal canal it free a4304 because I was waiting for your phone or your phone I'm missing you and your Reading whether it's a MS or a moshulu his name is Rahul missing because his name is a killer prank name is from Julia analysis of fake not fake widow I'm a really good speaking to English because I'm really good right from a good I'm nearly not speak to English then then and my school teachers they're great she's helping me right now and I was p.s. that's not really good hey yesterday best music high tide by by troom troom and what do you oh oh oh oh la la la la la la la I Like Falling water oh yeah holla holla later yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's really cool I am I think you're listening to sew and so yes that's really good why not thinking
Such a good video
Orzbeez!!!!!
Happy pills         Anti depressants
OrZbeed balls
Happy pills.....    Um ok?
You're right, it's orbeaze not orzebes
bruh...
❤
Do another giant candy and minture candy
I love troom troom 😍😍😘
how does this channel make videos so quick
I love your DIY Troom Troom 💕💕💕
nice
*CRINGE!! OVER 9000*
Orzbez balls
mmmmmmm Orzbeez
They are called orbeez not orzbeez
The narrator kept on saying orzbezz
lol orzbeez
Lol it 0:34
FRAgILe
Omg love you troom troom make it easy
ORZBEEZ BALLS! IM DYING  THEY ARE CALLED ORBEEZ
0:06 jiggles boobs
They already did the happy pills
So nice
Princess caydence omg
You are a bast
Orbzees balls. I laughed at the name xD
Share tis vídeos
I love your channel and I’m not hating but WHATS AN ORZBEEZ BALL??? ITS ORBEEZ!!!
It's ORBEEZE not ORZBEEZE
"orzbeez"
Stop saying Orbeez wrong it's not or be z it's Orbeez it is so annoying
Hi
cool
The red haired girl said that she hates troom troom
0:52 ORZBEEZ ;_;
Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Nice vid but it could have had more DIYs in it
Eating orbeeyz eww
She has the same bday as me today i am turning 11
It is pronounced or - bees, not orz - bees. Just saying. Not hating. Just correcting.
انا عربيه ا
Chocolate legos
HEEY that unicorn pen holder was a cup for a milkshake in LAST VIDEO
I will share all your vid your the best youtubers 😃😍
💖
#TroomTroom
Redhead
I'm obsessed with unicorns too
The unicorn cocktail is so pretty 😍😍😍🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Who made the card that said "make a wish and eat me"?
Like tram tram
They said orzbeez in the first DIY instead of orbeez.
Nice!😻
You keep saying orsbees IT IS ORBEES YOU SAY ORBEES NOT ORSBEES
Hi troom troom
Yes, because you definitely get sick from drinking a cold drink
Did anyone realize that she said orzbees instead of orbees or was it just me?
694th comment
Talk!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQx8C4zrauI  watch this
I love troom troom
They said orsbees balls it's orbeez
“happy pills” aka anti-depressant
Love
YEAH DOLLY GOT SICK BECAUSE SHE DRANK AFTER THE RED HEAD
Its funny cause im sick smh stuffed nose and sneezing and watery eyes
Thx for all ur diys
Osbees?
ORSBEEZI couldn't help but laugh when you said Orbeez wrong!
Justice
Why the heck do u say orsbeez instead of orbeez
OMG! Red head plays with my little pony (I love all the 4 alicorn princesses)  SHE IS PLAYING WITH PRINCESS CADENCE
Yall im sorry for this please forgive me but didn't the red head girl  dirnk out of both green cup and orange cup?????????????????
MLP
"ORZBEEZ BALLS" WHAT THE FUDGE.
I said orbeez totally wrong
awsome
nao coloquei a voz em inglês por favor
Plz upload new videos quickly
It's Orbeez
*ORZBEEZ BALLS*
I love troom troom
quero em português
OMG MY LITTLE PONT AND TROOM TROOM MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
My mom wouldn't let me
It would be helpful to note to some of the children watching that real orbeez are NOT edible and will put you in the hospital if you eat them, could also kill you.
😊
Love you so much you help a lot
Its or bee z
"orsbeez" get your america right and say ORBEEZ
tomarrow is my brothers birthday
Orzbeez
THEIR NOT ORZBEEZ BALLS THEIR ORBEEZ
Early bird catches the worm
Do more vids like this soon like edible make up
Who else love troom troom?
.orzbeezs?
Their cavities probably cringe to this shit
Red head is mrs Smith
Orzbeez- ._.
Is it just me or did she say ORZBEEZ balls, it's ORBEEZ. No hate. I love your videos
Hi kate
The happy pills are so adorable I am ill tooo
Wow
حلو رائع cool
How do you get sick by drinking something cold
Najbolji troom troom
Troom Troom, Why?
Orzbeez balls.......yeah right. It's "Orbeez", Troom Troom.😒
yum love it  guys
Thought she said fortnite 😂 😂 5:49
I don't even understand this
Always love your thumb nails
I'm not trying to be mean at all but it makes me so uncomfortable when she says orzbees instead of orbees
I love troom troom
😍😍
**Orbeez**
love u troom troom
LOVE YOU
Is it me or at 0:33 they said orzsbees balls
They r pronounceing orbees wrong
Love it
Colorful ORZBEEZ BALLS.
Loved this vid but they r pronounced orbeez not Orz bees balls
ORSBEEZ?!
beijos 💋❤. troom.  troom
She kept saying orzbee IT'S ORBEEZ
Happy pills is so cute
They always work good😍💞❤😘
"orzbeezs"
It's not OrZbeez, it's ORBEEZ
I MACKING NOTHING
I love red head very much. She very funny
Orzbeez ballz? Lol
Why do they lie and say they are American, Americans don't use Celsius
I love jelly and chocolate
Wait orbzbez?
Orbzbes
Redhead. Lmfao
Does "Happy pills" sound kind of weird? Or is it just me.
Ameiiiiiii
Redhead must be my favorite girl on Troom Troom!😂
O R Z 🅱 E E S
can you do a video where you can make stuff/anything out of house items
Orzbize ball's???????
Yaaaaay awesome vids
love u guys
Creative ideas !!
🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
Najbolje ste
Ahm..... Orzbeeze? Lol its orbeeze
Orzbeez
Shes says orSbeez balls😂 0:34
😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
I love all this love it💟💞💜💓
Did they say orzbee ballz? Because it sure sounded like it
I  Love  you
*_ORZEBEES BALLS_*
I think troom troom is running out of ideas who agrees
You can buy LEGO candies at a store
I love 💗 it
spell hate troom troom😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝
❤💖👍👍👍😂😂❤💖
Ur a meme
I’m sorry did you say orsbeeze balls  0:30
I don't like troom troom ugly😝👿
Dollie looks uglier than a doll just because she looks like it or got ugly surgery doesn't mean she's dolly
I love you troom troom please like
1:24, UNICORN MUG FROM PREVIOUS VIDEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!yay🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄🦄
What are orzbeez balls
Good
It’s no orzbeez it’s orbeez get it right
Do you guys read comments
"HAPPY PILLS"😂😂
I'm just telling you but it's not Orzbeez its Orbeez
#abboniert
I will make the or bees
orzbeez and Benedict cumberbatch's "penguings"
Love u troom troom
orzbeez and Benedict cumberbatch's "penglings"
Orsbeezballs
I'm going to make the chocolate legos. I love your vids keep up the amazing fabulous work
amazing love you troom troom 💓
very good
489th
I just saw this on instagram
Nice
Wow thanks to make a video with red head🤗 because i love her! THANKS😆😘
Can you do that baby unicorn with ms gamballass next plssssss
“Orzbeez”
Troom troom can we be friends😄
#latesquad
Orzbees?
Why ? Why does she say orzbeez
Its not ORZBEEZ!!!DO U FREAKING SEE ANOTHER Z IN THERE?!?!?!JDHDJGXUEBEBFOAPEVDNF ITS ORBEEZ
Happy pills what if y'all actually think is a pill and you swallow it with water...
The ”Happy pills” sounds like it could be a drug. xD
Orzbeez??? Happy pills sounds like a drug “hey kids want som marij...happy pills”
Hi I am early
She spilled the tes 😂
you say orzbeez
For the rainbow cocktail you can use juice instead of dry food coloring
*Orzbeez ballz*
PEOPLE! STOP LIKING THESE CRINGEY VIDEOS!
I LOVE YOU 😚😚😚
OR-BEEZ NOT  ORZBEEZ🤦🏽‍♀️😒
I ate chocolate cupcakes after the video
Ai love this video
Anyone here before 1 million views
You may subscribe to my channel ممكن تشتركوا بقناتي ومردودة
Love you guys do slime
💜💛💚💙❤💗💞💖💕❤
حلو كلش 😁😀😆😇
she said "hers ors beez balls"
d
Coool
Make edible slime please
I wish I could make these but I'm lazy
*_you can't get sick from a cocktail... and i comment this before, cocktail is a alcohol oMg._*
2000like
Is my bibirthday
You have 7 million subscribtions but no interactions 😟😂😂
Orzbeez?
Cool
Love you troom troom❤❤
Yum!🤤
Did u just say edible jelly? Jelly is already edible 😂😂
EARLY
its orbeez not orsbeezs
I don't eat chocolate that is shaped as stuff anymore
orzbeez really
A pack of happy little pills... Hmm...
It's great
Wow I Love you troom troom
Orzbeez 😂😂😂😂😂not trying to hate tho
happy pills r an actual thing
İs dolly a new member of troom troom😐
0:34 *Orsbeez balls?*
Cool
Happy pills          Fran bow anyone??
They said orzbeez
Orzbeez? What are Orzbeez? You mean Orbeez? I understand you guys might pronounce thing differently, but there isn't a second z.
Wow cool
я всегда на англиском смотрю
Orbzbees? I don't know her...
I love these but most aren't stress relivers
I love troom troom it helps me a lot and I’m never bored ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
есть русские
what an a amazing video
Hey!
Love u guys...at troom troom..hey Redhead..and Dolly...love all of ur hacks...more..more...more..Happy Summer..Troom..🇺🇸💦❤💋🌞☀
Love
What happens to ReadHeads hair?
Magic happy pills.... One of two things.  Either drugs or the happy pills from franbow
Unicorn  drink and happy pills
IT IS NOT ORZBEEZ, THEY ARE ORBEEZ. GOD, YOUR GRAMMER IS ALREADY BAD ENOUGH! AND YOU DON'T GET SICK FROM DRINKING COLD DRINKS, YOUR CHARACTERS HAVE HORRIBLE NICKNAMES, AND ARE THE HONESTLY SOME OF THE DUMBEST PEOPLE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN A YOUTUBE VIDEO. IM SORRY, BUT IM NOT SORRY FOR THIS COMMENT. THE ONLY REASON I WATCH YOUR CHANNEL IS TO MAKE FUN OF IT! HA! AND WHY WITH THE EDITING? YOU'RE PROBABLY JUST TO LAZY TO DO IT NORMALLY, SO YOU EDIT. JUST DO ONE VIDEO WITHOUT  EDITING!
Wow nice food i am hungry.
Happy pills ilysm
Teach me to make a edible Segway aka hover bored
First!
l love you <33333
Love them
Hey
Plzzzz make unicorns video 👸
Cute girls
I I L I Lo I Lov I Love I Love Y I Love Yo I Love You I Love You T I Love You Tr I Love You Tro I Love You Troo I Love You Troom I Love You Troom T I Love You Troom Tr I Love You Troom Tro I Love You Troom Troo I Love You Troom Troom I Love You Troom Troom! I Love You Troom Troom I Love You Troom Troo I Love You Troom Tro I Love You Troom Tr I Love You Troom T I Love You Troom  I Love You Troo I Love You Tro I Love You Tr I Love You T I Love You  I Love Yo I Love Y I Love I Lov I Lo I L I  This took me the entire video lol.
Omg I’m dying. ;-; I absolutely love this channel but I died when they kept saying orsbees
*ⓄⓇⓈⒷⒺⒺⓏ*
ITS NOT ORZbeez, it’s ORbeez!!!
Trom trom make  a Wisd
So good 😍😍😍
0:33 ORZBEEZ 😂
wth are ors bees balls
Hey troom troom I love your videos it's awesome love you too and Orbeez are looking Yummy 🍽❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Use oil base food coloring for chocolate because liquid and chocolate does not mix and you guys used liquid food coloring
Get a life
You said orzbies balls
I love this channel but those names (redhead, blue-eyed girl...) 😂
I’m sick and it hurts 😭🤮🤕😴😓
Jelly orbeez
I love unicorns to-Paulina
Who here always watches troom troom?
Why do they pronounce it *ORZBEEZ BALLZ* it’s so distracting
well I like it
THEY ARE NOT *ORZBEEZ* THEY ARE *ORBEEZ*
This is stupid
Early squad!
No I didn’t like
.....
Today’s my birthday can I get at least 100 likes
There not orzbezz there orbezz!!!!!
😊
It's not orzbeez it's orbeez
اشتركو بقناتي اتمنى ان اوصل،100مشترك
I love it
Primer comertario
*dolly's colourful balls are too fragile*   Me: wtf? 😆😆😆😆😆😆
Happy pills
*orzbeez*   *inhale, exhale*
Wanna know a secret? Dont tell anyone but....  Read more
Cool video
l Love You👯👯👯👯👯👯👯💞💞💞💞💞
Who else hates it when she says orzbees?
Can you do a pranks war video
They are having fun with orzbeez balls 0:33 😁
Wtf is this cringe help I’m dieing
Hi I love you
7777 views ❤
I love you
:-)
awwww i wanted to be first to see this vid but i am the 114th
🤣🤣
1:25-1:32 Orzbeez balls(orbeez)
7 millones
My friend and I both love your channel!!!
This is a cool Channel
Love you esraa love love 💋😍❤😍💋❤😍💋❤😍💋❤😍💋❤😍💋❤😍💋❤😍💋❤😍💋❤
6,856
Here in the first couple minutes finally 😁 BTW this was a great video. LOVE  you troom troom I also love your vids
Love Troom troom
I  love this 💓💓💓
Love lovelovelove lovelovelove love love💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
*ORSBEES* *BALLS*
First
Love it!😀
I love this soo much
I'm with red head
Love you troom troom
Wow this must be sooo yummy
15th person here!
34 viewer
Orzbeez?
I love you troom     you are amazing
7:01  MLP FAN !
504 likes 345 comments 35 views in 6 min  amazing lovelove
Pin this plzz love yall so much
Wait. Orbeez is pronounced ores-beez? I pronounce it ore-beez qwq
***O R B Z B E E Z***
yes I am first
*"orzbeez"*
OMG not orzbeez orbeez
It's so asom
I love your guys videos. They have been so helpful
🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅💅🌈💅🌈💅💅🌈💅💅💅💅💅🌈💅💅🌈💅🌈🌈🌈💅💅🌈💅🌈💅💅💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅💅🌈💅🌈🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🌈💅🍫🍫🍫🍫👍👍👏👏😍😘😘🍍🌵🍍🍍😘🌵🌵🍍💜💜😝💜🌵😘😍👏👍🍫💅🌈🌈💅🍫👏😍😘😝🌵🌵🌵🍍🍍🌵🌵🍍😝🍩🍩🍮🍨🍨🐻🐻🐻🍨🍮🍦🍦🍦🍦🍦🍦💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
They are great
This is a cool vid
Please more unicorn
Lol! Who saw red head mustachue
0:33 ORZBEEZ.
MMKN IHT RIK MRQOQ 😘😍
Yay I love stress relievers specially slime ones
I Love all these things and recibes you make!!!! I love it!
Love you troomtroom 😍
I love you
OMG I get so hungry when I watch these video's 🍕🍕🍕🍕🍬🍬🍬🍭🍭🍭🍭🍩🍩🍧🍧🍧🍩🍩
Hi troom troom
Wow
I LOVE YOU 😍😍😍
Hey did u know red heads name is .................................KATE
Nice
i love ur video
Love you guys so much 😘
Yay I’m early
So cute and clever I it so so so mush I love your videos so mush and I LOVE YOU SO MUSH!!😍😘😍😍😘😘
cringe
Hi my name is Maria
This is super 😀
cringe
Early
hola saludame
cringe diy
Hi troom troom
Why do you pronounce it *ORZ* beez??   *_tRiGEreD_*
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
like 589
34 views 176 likes 4 dislikes
I  cringe when they say “orZbeez” instead of “orbeez” either way great video 👌👍
Wow siete bravissime e avete delle idee bellissime e originali👏🏻❤❤❤😍😙
28
Why are you saying orzbeez insteade of orbeez?
Cool
Hey
I love this vid
Why do they spend like 2 hrs doing this stuff🤦🏻‍♀️
lol 😏 😂 orzbeez and fragile
They say orzbeez in that video
😎😎
Nice
Who likes troom troom
_Subscribe canal _*_Troom Troom_*
P.s it's not orezbeez OR-BEE'S
I like your videos and you guys are amazing
Por que lo colocam de ingle no voy a bre mas trom trom
343 like  114 comment  34 view in 2 minute
tommorow is my birthday
Hola denle like si te gusta y lo estas mirando😍😍😍y dejen un comentario
I Love trom trom❤💗💖💖💚💜💝💞💕♥🌸🌹🌹💋
Finally I'm early this time! Lol
34
Videos are awesome...channel is entertaining...girls are pretty but its name😂😂😂😂😂😂 what the logic behind the name #Troom #Troom
Pretty early
I love you
#earlysquad
Your pranks are awesome
Is anyone annoyed by them saying orzbeez?
Early
WoW WoW WoW😚❤
Your awesome
YouTube is stupid cuz 32 views and 335 likes
Can ive a shoutout plz.ur videos r great but can u make them a bit longer.like if u see this
Where did Troom Troom get that Unicorn cup holder?! I NEEEED IT!!
*ORZBEEEZBALLS*
Nice
Great
If you love troom troom  Please subscribe to my chanell and like my vidioes
You guys are smart craft and pretty all of you my favorite was the first one keep on the good work and keep on doing crafts
Cool I think ima try da edible orbeez
Awsome video😂😋
١٠٠
Bbbb. No,k
I realy like you chanel
I watch this 2 minutes ago
34th!! <3 y'all
hi
Wow i❤️u
Orsbeez
I was the  200th like And 61st comment Yay
4 menit lalu
Wow 👍👍👍
😍😍😍😍😍
Yay
Yo no ablo inglea
Wow
Nice
Whenever I get notified by troom troom  I laugh😂😂😂😂 ....its name is sooooo funny #Troom #Troom
Hi
34 views, 194 likes...  YouTube must be drunk again.
I love this chanel
luv u im the 100 comment :D
TroomTroom is my best chanel
I love you, troom troom!!! Plz heart this
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW They are the Fun ♥ ♡ ♡ ♥
20
Very cool and good ideas :)
orzbees balls??? its orbeez!
The girls are pretty
So cool
Hiiiiii
Ayyyy I love ur. Vids so much girls :)
troom troom!!!!!!
early but 34 views and 249 likes?
The first look, eww 🤢
128th like 64th comment
hi troom troom
good good
😘😍😍😍
Omg just in time
Hi i love your videos sub to mine okay
cc world e
Hey guys love your vids
hi I'm first
Who else is among the early yummies
☺👍
اني عربيه
Cool
188 like 34 views magic yt
Love it
Ie Love This
59 th comment yay ;-;
Yo
why is there more likes than views
Hi 🙋
Wow ☺
you guys are so good. not as good as Collins key
Cool
I love you
Hi 34 viewed
You all are the best YouTuber no doubt
Cool!!!
Cool
34 to watch it
1st troom troom like if you agree😍😄😍😄😚😗😙☺🙂😗🤗😙🤗😉🙂😚
Love you guys
KYPICORN ! XD #TroomTroom
I love your ideas!
I was 91 that likede
Amazing :)
Sooooo coool ❤️
Love ur channel ❤️
Share this video with your friends and leave comments! Don't miss these videos: https://youtu.be/xNp5yIGHD2g?list=PLy0LaulZe0vQsYtqDelSwJsjS33pTHl8h ★ Let's be friends:  Facebook | https://www.facebook.com/troomhands  Pinterest | https://www.pinterest.com/troomtroom  Instagram | https://www.instagram.com/troomtroom/
😮 wow
STOP SAYING ORZBEES !!!!!!!!    ITS ORBEES!!!!!!
Hi
Hi
OMG SO GOOOD
Hi
First
love it
First
Early.
Hi Troom Troom! are you swedish cuz i saw a swedish product when you maked a vid
Lol
FIRSTT
1 me
YOU AND ITSFUNNEH UPLOADED AT THE SAME TIME AGAIN!
girls looking very good
Yayy im early 😂☺☺
Hello
hi
Shout out please im 10th to commet
Hihihi
Cool
Do a live video
Awesome
Hi troom troom
So early yes 10 commenter I am so happy can u plz reply
1st comment❤️ SL🇱🇰
early
Like. If you're always watching trough the comments while watching the video.
😀😁😀😁
FIRST
