Jane do you ever can veg?
Since you do not supply a written recipe I cannot subscribe to this channel.
I'm making this for this Thanksgiving. Can't wait for the smells to fill my kitchen!
Making this asap. Thank you
it's just horrible   réally  américain it's jvst f0r my d0gs
Looks delish!  It’s very similar to mine, I add about a cup of cooked wild rice to mine (but no water chestnuts), some toasted pine nuts, and a small handful of raisins.  Otherwise it has all the same ingredients as yours.  Love your videos!  Thank you for doing these! 🇨🇦
What liquor do you use please Thanks
Beautiful!!!I can almost smell that dressing!!!!Great recipe!!!💖💖💖💖
Port is from Porto Portugal... 😊
I would need to rice the mushrooms.  I seem to have issues with the texture of sliced cooked mushrooms.
Made this stuffing for 2020 Thanksgiving. SOOOO GOOD!!! Thankfully the recipe makes a lot and there were just the two of us. So today, the morning after, IT'S BREAKFAST! Oh, my!!!! This is a PERMANENT resident on my FAVORITES list! Thanks, Brian!!!! (oh, I didn't have water chestnuts...it was still excellent!)
I just made this for Thanksgiving today and it was delicious! Thank you for sharing!
No onions??
My grandfather used to drink a small glas of port every evening. And he said: „Portwein ist für alte Knaben eine von den besten Gaben. (Port wine is one of the best gifts for old boys.)
😋
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quince
I would take the cover off for the last 15 minutes to crisp up. Also a set amount of broth is not advisable. You can add too much and turn your bread to mush which may be worse than too dry. Start with the least amount and access as adding. Your bread should be moistened, not dripping with broth. The stuffing in the pumpkin didn't look done, may take longer because of the insulating properties of the thick flesh?
Thank you Brian from Australia.
Jane, where did you get your sweater? Love it!!!
I was with you until the apples/pear and water chestnuts.  It's a texture thing.   Blech.  Will try this without all that.
Just discovered your YouTube channel and I love you two!!!
It's a good day when I hear Mommy's woohoo expressing her joy of food (seems like there's at least one time in every video :D)!  LOVE you!
So glad I found this channel!! Thank you!
Thank you for sharing this awesome looking recipe! I cannot wait to taste your recipe! I will make second stuffing for the pan and add four eggs or three fourths  cups of ground fax seed with a quarter cup of xanthum to hold the stuffing together! My family loves stuffing!
I couldn't wait to make this for Thanksgiving and it wasn't until I was well into the preparation and realized none of my skillets were big enough to accommodate everything that I realized that I should have halved the recipe. When it says it serves 16-20 that is accurate! But I have plenty of stuffing for Christmas dinner in the freezer!
I used asian pears. They're the size of a grapefruit and unique in flavor. Not as sweet as a traditional pear.
Looks great.  Surprised, though, that there aren't any spices added.
I love you guys, but I didn't like this stuffing at all. After all that work,  I found it too mushy. Mamas gravy was yum though.
Nice recipe.   Do you end up also eating the pumpkin too after it is cooked?
💜😇💜
Thanks for such delicious and beautifully presented recipes to serve to our non-vegan/non-plant-based family and friends.  They then can see how wonderful and tasty our lifestyle truly is. Also I love the stuffing as a present.  I am a big fan of nutritious and delicious foods given as gifts - very practical.
This recipe sounds and looks delicious. I don’t eat mushrooms can I replace with something else or  if I just omit them will it change the consistency of the stuffing.
Im gonna try this with a buttercup !!!
I was wondering if you or your mom believe in or take HRT for estrogen loss in women to help with risk of heart attack, osteoporosis, and brain health in aging, or do you just use your vegan diet? Also what do you use for a omega 3 supplement. Flax seeds and chia seeds are great but they don't keep the numbers where they should be on blood labs. Thank you
Plant based stuffing could still have Turkey in it
That was very painful watching these 2 old birds
Delicious!  I stuff my pumpkin with a rice dish with similar ingredients, but I may have to make a second one this year with a bread stuffing.  I just love the presentation of a stuffed pumpkin, it is so festive!
Gee wiz. I have to take out a loan to get all those ingredients. And probably drive miles and miles to find all of them.
I made this yesterday (11/24/19) for Thanksgiving day on Thursday.  I haven't baked it in the oven yet....  Will it last until Thursday, or should I go ahead and bake it now???  I hope you get this, I know this video was made a year ago.  Thanks for the great cookbook!!  The mushroom gravy is to die for and I absolutely love the jalapeno corn muffins.
You ladies are the cutest thing ever! I have been vegan for 2.5 years...I will be using this recipe. Thank you so much. Happy Thanksgiving 🥬🍄💚🌹
😍
WHAT DID YOU COOK VEGIES ON LOW/MED?
Love your beautiful relationship. The bit about sneezing was priceless! A little story... my mom and Grammie used to cook together and when my mom asked 'how much' wine to put into a dish, my Grammie answered, 'well, I don't know, maybe a mouthful".... which made them fall into hysterics, picturing my Grammie taking a mouthful of wine and blowing it into the pan.... we still get a kick out of that story. I hope your sneezing in the stuffing story lives on too!
thanks ladies iam gonna try it today but,i dont have water chestnuts i must get some what else can i use nuts like walnuts maybe?
Looks so delicious 😋 did you know that aluminum foil is unhealthy to bake with when it’s heated at high temperatures the aluminum foil particles get into the food very unhealthy so if you need to use it lay parchment paper down first and then foil on top but i use a cookie sheet on top Put a piece of parchment paper down and then a cookie sheet works well. Love watching you lady’s
Love you girls!   Happy Thanksgiving♥♥♥
Brian's Stuffing -- Page 136 -- Prevent and Reverse Heart Disease Cookbook
Where can I find the recipe? Tks so much
Hi Ann and Jane,  I'vem ade htis stuffing and just love it! I'm going to buy a Greenpan like you have to make cooking the veggies even easier. Quinces are often served with cheese in Spain. It's called queso con membrillo, and it is delicious. Membrillo being quince in Spanish. Thank you for this wonderful recipe, and for all the wonderful work you and your family do. I watched this video last year, and bought the prevent and Reverse Heart Disease Cookbook just for this recipe. SO glad I did.
This showed up again. I made your stuffing gluten-free with oat bread: 2 c oat flour, 1 3/4 c oat milk, 2 T apple cider vinegar, 1/4 t baking soda, 1 t baking powder cooked just like your BA banana bread. It's not quite as good as wheat and rye bread, but it allows this wheat sensitive girl to enjoy Thanksgiving again. I love all the crunchies and flavor bursts in this recipe.
You two are awesome!! love your videos! have to try this.
Ms. Anne's eye roll about the quince comment is cracking me up. You guys are so cute! I will be trying this recipe this year. Thank you.
Where can you find salt free veg broth without ordering on online...❓👍🏻😱also what can replace the wine...❓Thank you
Put parchment paper first before foil so foil doesn’t touch food
I know I'm a year behind (just finding this as I had a 6-vessel bypass)  It looks yummy.  My hubby won't go "all in" because he wants to enjoy the rest of his life (he's beat cancer twice).  I may have to make this and share with somebody!
I would add walnuts to this. I don’t have any heart conditions. Thank God!
I love Brian's pumpkin idea . But the pumpkin didn't look cooked to me. Wouldn't it come out of the oven like a cooked acorn squash ? Kind of wrinkely ? I'm sure it was cooked enough and I definately want to try this . Thank you for an awsome recipe .
Yall are so cute and funny!!! Love you videos, thank you for making them.
Oh my gosh Ann is so funny! The way she snuck in those extra cranberries HAHAHHA
How do you effectively wash those mushrooms?
Tawny port is from Portugal,   great stuffing. .
Omg this looks amazing 😉 I’m making it this weekend. Brian’s big pile of stuffing and salad. Delicious 😋 thank you so much xxxx my hungry boys will love 💖 it xxx
Has anyone frozen this ahead of Thanksgiving? Maybe for 5 days. Is it good after reheating from being frozen?
LOVE you two... You inspire & bring a smile.. THANK YOU!
You've solved my Thanksgiving dinner idea. This and some of your mushroom gravy. Thank you!
oh boy I love this wish I  could join you both
Love the look of this recipe and want to eat it now!!! (5am UK time!!!)  except the bread - not a fan of soggy bread  . Does the bread get very soggy?!!!  Thx
We are having this tonight for dinner.... tomorrow lunch....tomorrow dinner. Ha Ha !! You sure made a lot.
Using foil is bad as it has aluminum in it
That pumpkin will be on our table this year.  Yum!  Off to get that book!  You ladies are the best.  ❤️
And scoop some pumpkin when you remove a portion of stuffing, yes?
I hope that anyone who tries to make this doesn't STUFF it up.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHARING YOUR YUMMY DELICIOUS RECIPE
Cooked down with water only? Or is there a bit of oil in the pan?
This is the best channel ever!  You’re helping me so much!
Tawny Port is actually Portuguese and in made in the city of the same name Porto.  Funny you mentioned the Quince it’s a fruit and in Portugal we make it into a marmalade.
yum
quince is a soort of plum
Jane - had to tell you .... made Brian's stuffing for Thanksgiving.  I can't stop eating it... morning, noon and night.  Thank you!!!
Hey Jane.. you look so much more beautiful without the scarf.. 😙
What kind of oil do you use to cook yr veggies? My daughter is Vegan so she kills me...She won't let me use butter...do you use olive oil?
This stuffing is fantastic!! My only flub up was that one of the breads I purchased at Whole Foods had walnuts in it and I had to use other bread for half of the recipe so that my friend Holly who is allergic to nuts could eat it. The bread I used in her portion was not dried out enough and turned more to mush. She did not complain at all! That being said, the portion I made with the bread from Whole Foods was AMAZING!  Also I made mushroom gravy that combined your recipe along with Sweet Potato Soul's recipe and literally it was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Thank you so much for so much wonderful inspiration!
Could I use sherri in place of the port?
I love the stuffing in a pumpkin idea it is too cute I'm going to try it this year
That looks so delicious. Definitely making some for Thanksgiving.
I tried to make this... it looked so pretty... smelled so good.  Then we couldn't get the bottle of wine open.  The wine opener broke.  My boyfriend struggled with it for about 20 minutes then ran to the store and bought another one.  All the while everything except the wine was mixed together and getting soggier by the moment.  I finally added the wine..  The whole thing was mush.  I baked it a lot longer and it's brown mush now.  Is there any way of saving it?
Oh my gosh, this looks amazing.  Can I please join your family?  You guys are so wonderful...I love the way your mom is so joyful about cooking : )
Can’t beleive I couldn’t find this channel earlier! Thank you for these recipes!💚
This is the recipe that made me buy the book!
I think port wines are Portuguese
I just love the two of you. You really lift  me up. Will be making this thank you
Ann,have you heard of the dangers of using foil?? I was just watching Dr Barnard's Alzheimers video. It's not wise to use foil touching your food. Aluminum is found in Alzheimer's plaques in the brain.
I am making this for Christmas with winter squash Thank you
I am definately making this for my stuffing!  I love the pumpkin baking and serving idea!  We attended the Nutrition for Medicine Conference at the VA Beach Convention Center in VA Beach today (11-13-18), and saw your husband/father Dr. Esseltyn speak.  He was awesome, the other docs were as well, but he got a standing "O"!  Thank you so much for the recipe, and Happy TG, Shalom, Love, and G-d bless!!
❤️ Thank You ❤️
Please do mire Thanksgiving/Christmas recipes. I love you both.
Stuffing is in my top 5 all time favorite dishes!  And I always add chopped Granny Smith apple to mine.
Is there a substitute for mushrooms in this recipe? Love these videos and I have the book.
Please make Mushroom Gravy & mashed potatoes
Love this stuffed pumpkin recipe so much. It's gonna be a new feast day staple to replace my mushroom stuffing that I no longer make because it contained dairy. I'll actually probably combine my old mushroom stuffing without the butter or cheese and your recipe to make it right for me
I don't know what I did wrong. It came out fair, but definitely not something I would do again. Bummer! I'm hoping the gravy helps. Which gravy would you recommend? There are 2 mushroom gravy recipes in the book. Either one go with this better?
Would it be possible to post the exact ingredients and amounts?
You to are just gorgeous 👍
This is the most beautiful stuffing recipe I've ever seen, I can't wait to make it! It looks SO delicious!!
Wow, I need to try this stuffing.  It looks absolutely wonderful!  My mouth was watering too Ann!
What would be a good replacement for the mushrooms....can't handle them.
Hi  Jane  and  Ann,   love  your  stuffing  recipe,  definitely  making  this  this  year.  Quinces   are  popular  here  in  Spain.  What  book  is  this  from?  I  don't  think  you  mentioned  it.
Oh yummmmm. I’m going to stuff acorn squash with it drizzled with a yummy gravy. Haven’t had bread stuffing in 3 years.
It’s really sad that you people don’t make your own broth. So lazy - zero cooking skills.
Looks so good!! I have to try this.... Question - any suggestion what to use instead of the wine to keep it non-alcoholic?
Hi. I just bought your book and am so delighted to discover this channel. I don’t know if you do requests but, if possible, could you demonstrate your adorable pancake puffs recipe? I can’t wait to try this for breakfast. Thanks so much. Cheers.
When I lived in NY, I use to make butternut squash stuffed with lentil-wildrice or brown rice-carrot-celery-onion-dry spices. Simply amazing. I don't hold down beans all the time anymore. You're welcome to try it. It's a classic vegetarian recipe baked sitting in vegetable stock or white wine. Good video :)
Love your guys' interactions! So real.  That looks yummy.  I think a Hubbard squash would be good stuffed too.
Momma is a pistol. Lol.
That looks so good I'll have to make the stuffing as a meal outside of thanksgiving. Yummm!
You two are so cute and that stuffing looks yummy!  Gonna try it soon.
I’m surprised you use aluminum voile
Thank you for showing your recipes.  I did buy your cook book!  This stuffing is in my oven right now.. I can’t wait to eat 😁
I can't wait to make this, I could almost smell it when you took it out of the oven, yum!
Love you two,  beautiful dish!
Putting mine in the oven right now. I tweeted & FB’d it. Can’t wait to dig in. Of course I had missing ingredients so I vamped a little. I added some walnuts, pumpkin seeds & pecans too. I don’t have heart disease thank God so I added them. :)
I am southern....want to see cornbread stuffing...what you've made is vegetables with wet loaf bread and fruit . Not going to try this.
looks amazing, thanks ladies
Thank you so much for this! It looks delicious! I can't wait to make it!
visually it is really pretty and it looks like it would taste divine
What is the metal thing that is attached to the cabinet on the left in your videos?
Love this for stuffing the gigantic pink banana squash we were trying to figure out how to use. Thank you-- Can't wait to serve this! PS We love our cookbook.
Kale goes with everything 🤣
I just love, love, love your videos together! TOTALLY laughed when Anne "snuck in" that little pinch of cranberries and you Jane with the "drama" of the big black pepper grinder LOL!
I will probably still eat too much on Thanksgiving.  Oh well, I will have a few weeks to recover before Christmas :):)  Thanks girls for all the great videos. I have really been enjoying the cookbook; lots of great recipes. Happy Holidays everyone :):):):)
Ok, this will be a new tradition on our Thanksgiving table. I’m bookmarking my book now! That looks soooo yummy!
What type of pan is that? It doesn’t look like a nonstick skillet. Looks like stainless steel
My mouth is watering. I'm going to amp up my stuffing by trying your recipe. Happy Thanksgiving
Hi ladies :-)) I just wanted to tell you both just how much I enjoy and appreciate your videos...the two of you look like your having such a good time with everything you do.. Its truly a joy when I get home to find out that you have put up another video...  I bought the cookbook so I can follow along and your recipes are so delicious .. I hope many more are yet to come <3  thank you for teaching me so much , such a pleasure to watch your videos.. blessings <3<3<3
A gravy and mashed potato recipe would be super
That looked soooo easy and delish! A must do for the holidays! Thank you
I can almost smell it! I don’t know where I’m spending Thanksgiving, but I hope there’s a solar oven
This will be my first plant based Christmas. As we don’t celebrate Thanksgiving here in Australia, this is going to be my contribution dish for Christmas Day 🎄❤️😊
I can almost smell it!  Yummy!
Love your vids! One thing though, I would have uncovered the dishes for the last ~10 minutes--so to brown (the crust can be so tasty).
I have never eaten a stuffing  like this I will have to try it.
Could you use fresh bread, not toast it, and just use less broth? (Confused as to why you went to the trouble to dry out/toast the bread, when later you  want it mushy with the broth)
What can you sub for the mushrooms  ?
That looks amazing! Will definitely include in our Thanksgiving...and Christmas...dinners!
Looks fantastic!
Nothin' like a punkin' with a tin foil hat!      YUM!   You gals are FANTABULOUS!   I enjoy you SOOOOOOOOOOO much! I used to bake vegetable soup in pumpkin shells when the kids were still home.   Now that I'm in my 9th decade, I just watch you an' DROOL! I wish you and ALL of yours a Very Happy Thanksgiving!  Oh ~ is there ANYTHING that can be used in place of the aluminum?  I stay as far as I can from the Alzheimer Causers!   Thanks.
So was that a spider or a beetle on Ann's shoulder?
Looks so good I cannot wait to try! Thank you all for your recipes and fun videos. I’ve been eating this way to clear my acne and it has helped so much! Thanks for the yummy recipes!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family! I can't wait to try this,
Were the cranberries added raw (fresh) or did you cook them before adding them to the stuffing?
I'd love to visit you ladies and your uh-maaay-zing kitchen! =)
Brilliant!!!  🙌🙌🙌🙌
Happy Thanksgiving 😃
are you adding any liquid to the onions/celery etc. while it cooks down? i just use water.
I’m so excited this is really close to our family recipe but without the butter lined dish, and with  🥕 and cranberries. Thanks so much I feel like I’m home again.
Thx ladies! Can't wait to give this a try! :D
I'm going to try this with the acorn squashes I just bought. My mouth is watering just watching you ladies making it.
I am dairy Free, Gluten Free, and Vegan, poultry seasoning, and chestnuts are the only thing you are missing, and sometimes we throw in a few dried apricots. and a sweet potato cut up. I use gluten free croutons from 3 kinds of gluten free bread, Rye, Multigrain, and White. and it is the bomb!.
Is the pumpkin fork tender at one hour? I want to be able to scoop out some of the flesh with the dressing. Looks like I might need to prebake 30 min or so?
Would anyone know of a gluten free option? Thanks!!
Totally doing this this year. Going to make your cornbread recipe a day ahead & add it in with some almond milk & sprinkle with roasted pumpkin seeds. Thanks ladies! Happy holidays:)
Thank you, and well done! Be thankful that you still have each other. My Mom is gone and oh how I would love to cook with her. Had we known about the Whole Foods plant based lifestyle, I believe that she would still be here.
Tawny port is a Portuguese sweet wine. It is named after a beautiful Portuguese city where it originated called Porto. Quince is a fruit. We Portuguese have a marmalade made from it that is delicious. That stuffing looks delicious.
Thanks for showing us this recipe!  I have the book, however, it always helps watching you do it.  I will say, that I try to stay away from aluminum.
That looks really good! Thanks!
I wanted Ann to try it. I always love her reaction to the food!  Thanks for another awesome video ❤️
What about the pumpkin,do you eat it also.Great Video.:}
That looks delicious
Love your recipes!
Thank you two so much. Love your videos! Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!
Happy Thanksgiving Jane and Ann!
Thanks for a beautiful presentation! Your Prevent & Reverse Heart Disease Cookbook is the only one I use. I'd really like to know the brand of Jane's stove/oven - I've never seen a purple one before! Thanks, ladies! 😊
Looks amazing.....
Love the idea of putting port in the stuffing, yum!
I can’t wait to make this!! In NZ, they eat the pumpkin too! It is so delicious roasted - it is my favorite breakfast paired with plain soy yogurt, a drizzle of maple and a sprinkle of toasted walnuts.
yay! I'm so excited that this is almost exactly like my stuffing and I was already compliant! But, I get to add port to mine! Super excited!
I cannot wait to make this!!! Thank you for sharing, girls! Love, love all your videos!
So yummy 😋
I am making this in the hopes of converting some of my family members to some good VEGAN PLANT-BASED eating!!!
I'm so happy you all posted a video today. I send lots of people to this channel for the recipes and the spirit lift.    Ann, you're so mischievous. Thanks for the belly laugh.    Sure wish I could eat bread. I miss stuffing. Yes, stuffing is a savory bread pudding. Sweet is cooked with eggs and milk--or for plant perfect people aquafaba and oat milk. My plant perfect mash includes russet potatoes, yellow potatoes, celery root, cauliflower, parsley, green onions, nutritional yeast, lemon juice, and lemon pepper.
Is this Jane's or Ann's kitchen?
Yum!  Got to try this.  Made your lentil mint soup last night. It was the first thing I made from your book. Hubby and I so enjoyed it. I added roasted red peppers blended plus mushrooms. So good. Thank you!  Love your videos!
That looks delicious! I always look forward to your videos and want to thank you for showing us how to make all these delicious recipes!
Yum!
What a fantastic idea stuffing a pumpkin is 😊 I absolutely love love love pumpkin.  Now here's hoping i can find a pumpkin to purchase because i ate all of ours already 🙈 the kids carved them just for me to grab um up and cook them. 😉
This is, hands-down, our favorite stuffing. Tell Brian we appreciate him!
Thanks girls!  Looks delicious!
