Where can I buy the 8mm end caps since all of what you're using is discontinued.thanks for sharing beautiful creation.
This tutorial is very helpful. Thanks so much for sharing!
How do you  straighten the kinks in the cord
I just came across your video love it very easy to follow and your voice is very clear
What a great video. You explained it very well and made it easy so we can do it
What kind of paper is that? Is it foam paper or something?
I clicked on the link to buy the cord ends but it said that it couldn’t find the page for this. Do you still sell this product or is there a different product that you can suggest??
Nice video hasikul India
Thank you!!! I'm going to try it ^^
Buenas como c llama  el hilo con lo q hace eso
Besides your tutorial i really like your voice; so sweet and humble.God bless you
I love these! I’m going to put them on my zipper pulls for my sewing projects! Thanks! 💜
ωραιο
Thank you I learned a lot!
where do we get a leather strip ?
What a unique technique! I love it! I will make it; once I get my tops!! Thanks! 👍
I bought some hot pink & navy suede to make my own tassels. I want to add these tassels to my bracelet designs. I wore a bracelet with a hot pink suede tassel that I had made, to a friend's wedding. It was a very hot day and I was sitting at a table with white tablecloths.   I saw all these pink stains right in front of me and at first could not figure out where they were coming from?? Then I realized that my "dyed hot pink" tassel I had made was staining the white tablecloth & it had also dyed the skin on my wrist a hot pink color too!   I Love tassels, but what can we do to prevent them from "bleeding?" Is there anything we could soak the dyed suede in, to prevent it from Bleeding? I would greatly appreciate any advice and help!! Thank you!!
this is cute! i might have to make a suede version of my diy rainbow tassel keychain to make it more chic.. please check out the video on my channel to support my small channel by liking or subscribing?
buenas tardes cuanto mide la trozos de gramuza gracias
where can I get the metal piece from?
Great Demo Julie like usual, thank you!
