great video
Just found your video. And after viewing many others yours is great. I really appreciate your simple explanation. Of how to clean your lens, calibrate your lens, and how to use the lens hood. It blew my socks off, and was spot on. Thank you for the simple explanation, and saving me money.
Do you have an opinion as to using isopropyl alcohol 50/50 with distilled water ?
this is very informative, and I have sent my Nikon D750 with the 24mm to 120mm kit lens to the be serviced because over the years I have noticed I'm getting softer than usual  images, so I'm definitely giving this a try, because the repair technician has already indicated to me he can't solve my soft focus images, so thanks for sharing,
Awesome video, nice coverage of an important topic
nice.
Thanks for the quick and easy tricks. :)
A packet of ProPhot lens wipes are the best I've used.
Guess I should have had my flash on but since not on auto I figured it wouldnt be necessary but apparently wasnt enough light for my tests.
It's a rainy day. Good time to shop and give this a try. Sharp video. Subscribed
Thank you Gavin !
Gavin, great video. I'll have to give this a go on my lens. Thanks.
Thanks,  excellent practical advice.
Well done! Thank you.
You are so generous
Thank you
Thank you Gavin
Wow my friend, very impressive. I am not praising for no reason 🙂 Is it possible for you to do a similar video for Sony A6300 camera? Or point me to a video that is already done by you or someone else. I will really appreciate it. Thanks!
Great video! Thanks for sharing.  I thought the q tip fibers might scratch the lens.
Thank you 🙏🙏
Definitely going to try these out.  Thanks heaps
Tried this and my shots are way more fun 🤩
Très bonne vidéo, i do it . Thank from Montréal
Thank you so much. The best explanation so far compared to other folks just talking about how they shoot and why they have so many followers. This is super helpful. Thank you. Definitely subscribing.
Thank you for some great advice 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Excellent info Gavin! Loved it👍👍
This looks so easy. I will try it right now. Thank you for a great video.
Very well done. You made it look so easy. For the smaller apertures, if the shutter speed drops too low you may want to use a timer to avoid camera shake. I suspect some of the loss in sharpness at apertures above f/11 may not be always be due to diffraction alone.
Excellent advice for cotton buds Gavin! We must protect the environment with responsible ethical purchases.
Such an underrated video and channel.. awesome explanation and very simple
I did it... to my sigma 30mm I bought used.    Wow...  the scratch the seller told me about- was just oily gunk ❗   I cannot believe how clean the lense is now.
This was so good.  Simple and tou explain clearly.  Thank you!!! What tripod are you using on this video?
Thank you putting this tutorial together -  very useful tips! I have one question regarding AF fine tuning - my D7200 manual states (2015 edition, p 292) - 'AF tuning is not recommended in most situations and may interfere with normal focus; use only when required' . What are the dangers of messing something up? Also, I assume this needs to be done for each lens separately and values for each stored (in my case this is kit zoom, wide angle zoom, 50 mm and telephoto zoom...) - is it independent of focal length in zooms? Thanks again for your time!
thank you so much sir, I've learned a lot ^^
Ah.. finally an easy way to do it. Thanks a lot!
Thank you!
thank you Gavin from trev in Sussex UK on lockdown  that was  a great lesson to us all  stay safe and well cheers from trev
Great explanations. Love how you are so environmentally ethical as well. Subscribed.
What a great no nonsense explanation! And yes I am guilty of the lens cloth and wrong way round lens hood, but not any more. Thanks Gavin
Good explanations. Wish you all the best Gavin..
Does the iso not play a part in how sharp an image is?
Hi Gavin, I am a novice big time. I have just bought my first DSLR I have a couple of (related) questions. Firstly, I beleve there is a coating on the lens to help with reflection etc. would this not take that coating off? Also the gunge that has buiilt up as you say from oily finger prints etc would mineral water remove that?   Great video, I learned lots especialy seting the up the apateure. By the way my new (To Me) camera is an old Nikon D3200 Again, thanks foer the tips and please keep them coming.
I have a 2007 bought PENTAX K10D and it does NOT have any AF Fine Tune in the Menu -- there is nowhere to adjust the back focus with my 18-55mm kit lens
Finest description for taking sharp pictures I've ever seen on you tube  ,thanks a lot  John Bodra from Bilaspur Chhatisgarh INDIA
Excellent video!!
Hi Gavin, thanks for the tips! I couldn't help but notice the 'little' machine in the background...Do you still have it--is it as solid as it looks?
How to calibrate the lens with Nikon D3100? No AF-fine tune option. Please help.
Hi Sir I tried to do as you say but i use a Sony A68 now when i go to do the F stop my picture gets darker the higher i go what am i doing wrong
Hi guys! i like this video....
Learned a lot from *UK-Gavin* . Absolutely stunning, and dirt cheap. Who the hell are these idiots with their thumbs down..?
Thank you! 👍 Subscribed (Colorado).
Your sense of humor suggests you might appreciate a little good natured ribbing. Your plastic hate procedure is  the wrong way around.  It's you who should be using plastic products all the time instead of other manufacturing materials.  That's because "you" understand the dangers and "you" know how to avoid those dangers taking place because  "you" will be using the proper disposal techniques.  Therefore "you" should buy "ALL" the plastic products so only metal and other materials will be purchased by those who don't know the proper disposal of that horrible plastic junque.  ((-: Thank you for the well illustrated and highly informative video.
Oh wow... You can get a bottle of water for 40 cents in the UK?
questions for you . when you were doing the calibration for focus and Sweet spots of the lenses . If you are using a Zoom ( I have a 24-120 and a 70-300 for Nikon ) where to you set the focal length to do the test ? Do you have to do it a few times for different lengths?
Good info. Verified with other valuable sources. Maybe good to add that if you have some grease build up on your lens you may have to use Isopropyl alcohol before water
Thank you sir.
For sharp telephoto pictures add mirror lockup,  a sturdy tripod weighted with camera bag and use a cables release.
One of the reasons I like vintage cameras is that they are made of metal and glass and not plastic.
Superb advice thank you cheers
Thank you. Great video.
Ah..so you dont have a level like Sony's do...
This is exactly how I do it..and have been doing it...I put two qtips together to polish it at the end while it is drying off.
i get tack sharp all the time because i shoot manual focus lenses.
I'm 78 with Parkinson's, thanks for the Tack Sharp advice.... reaches for Q-Tips...
I have D7000. I'm having big problem to get perfect focus with my 35mm1.8 even after setting af fine tune to -20. 3years ago, when I bought the lens new, I had perfect focus all the time.  What to do?
I enjoyed your video. Factual, practical and a lot of fun. I am sure that there are others who know more, but i'd wouldn't know, as they weren't very good at keeping my wandering attention or i felt they were legends in their own mind. I have been using cameras for some 40 years and thought i had heard of all the tricks for under $5. (eg: film camera, stocking for a soft look) You one upped it. Thank you. Appreciate your love of nature and wish you the best.  I will continue to visit to see what you come up with.  Cheers from Canada.
Milt Martin Hi Gavin, thanks for a very informative video. I have been using a lens cleaning product for years that I'm very happy with called ROR (Residual Oil Remover) (www.ror.net). Have you had any experience with it ?
Hi Gavin, regarding sweet spots, you went through the steps to determine the sharpest aperture, however, would there not also be a focus/zoom sweet spot with respect to the zoom value. Even your own testing proved that the lowest aperture value was far from the sharpest, yet you calibrated the lens using it with no mention of the zoom value used. It's a bit of a chicken and egg scenario, which should I try and determine first, aperture clarity or focus/zoom sharpness?
Very much agree on the lens hood, always, always always.
How about the Focus method on the Camera - won't that have the largest impact. Sure Prepping your lens, making sure that it  and the sensor are clean is a no brainer, but getting perfect focus , IMHO is much more impacting. Do you use Back Focus, Manual Focus . AF-s  or AF-C- Center, 9(pt. 21 point, etc...)  Personally for me, this is the biggest challenge depending on Lens and subject focal distance and light, but this was still informative
buy a new lens, then add a UV filter
Superb indications. Thanks
Interesting video. I don't agree with the just water part though. You mentioned that you cleaned your lens with a fiber cloth that you used previously to clean some rubber seals from an underwater camera case. These seals have silicone on them and this silicone will have gotten onto your lens. Its impossible to remove silicone film from glass with just water. It's very difficult to remove silicone with anything but there are some special products that can do the job but will cost a lot more than $5:00. Other than that "Great job"
Great work broski!
There is plastic behind you
Great demonstration of cleaning lens and others items to have clean sharp pictures.Very common issue but most important for any photographer.
Wow, it changes NOTHING! Still shitty pictures...
Great info sir thank you! I'm just curious though, once you calibrate the af fine tune with a specific lens, will the camera know that it was that specific lens. For example, I calibrate my 50 mil, then my 24 etc etc. Will the camera know which lens I'm using and therefore apply the fine tuning as I switch between several lenses. Also, should these be calibrated often? Thanks so much!
great share the best experience, simple and useful ways. thanks!
When you first buy a lens, also purchase a neutral density filter for it and keep it on at all times. You can clean it without ever touching the lens and if it becomes scratched, etc., the replacement will be just a few dollars (or pounds).
Thank you for the environmetnal and budget friendly tips.  It's way to easy to throw money at a problem, but you've shown us how a little time and effort can bring about great results. Just a comment about lens calibration - if you're using a mirrorless camera, calibration is not even necessary. So that takes one step out of the equation.
I subscribed to your channel because you are a environmental friendly guy.  Best regards...
thanks gavin very informative a1 man ace.
tack sharp if you have a tack sharp lens.
Thank you for the information and for spending your time creating this video. I want to ask you if it is safe to use the cotton tip cleaning method on Circular polarizer filters and other filters in general? Or will this possibly cause damage to the coatings? Thank you.
Excellent information, I thank you. Instead of more gear or more megapixels and spending money we could save or don't have in the first place you offer solid, sound suggestions on proper use of our equipment. Thanks again.
This is the exact method that is used by the repair technicians that clean refractor lenses that your optician uses!
I cleaned my 50mm 1.4 Pentax smc lens.  I was surprised at the amount of grunge that was removed.
LOL the cleaning of the REAR element is FAAAAAAR more important! I'll take a greasy thumb print on my front element over the rear element any day. Scratch the front element, you can still use it. Scratch the rear element and, unless you are into something artistic, you're screwed. Yes cleaning the front element will help but not as much as the rear. As far as the rest of the content he is spot on, although using a spirit level on the hotshot instead of the lcd might be more accurate but tbh I still think you can deduce your sharpest aperture even if everything isn't perfectly square. I don't think it is fair to grade the longer exposures at the higher f-stops when holding your hand on the camera while firing the shutter. A self timer would have been better, but those higher f-stops are still always going to be less sharp(at the plane of focus), disregarding depth of field.
Great tips!! Thanks for the awesome video!
I’ve never cleaned my Leica lens.
Fantastic tips I never knew about. Thank you, Gavin!
Brilliant video - lets see if it works for me.
Uncle Fester the photographer.  Good info.
Thumbs up for me, for thinking of the environment.
the  fine hatch on some  the  British coins is really nice   for checking the focus ,   I'll have to get some from my son
Two for one, a comment and a question. Comment: Many thanks this was a very useful and blissfully simple instruction video but I have to ask if you can explain the difference between the hooded and the non hooded shots? I couldn't see any difference at all, what did I miss??
Quite impressed. Spot on info for taking action into your own hands NOW. Shop for price on items needed at discount houses like the Dollar Tree and similar stores. This is the first video by Gavin Parsons I have watched and if the others are of the same valuable, direct, use it now information, then I would certainly continue to give multiple thumbs up and A+ excellent that I give to this video. Mostly though, Thank you Gavin Parsons for the personal look you in the eye presentation/information.
Where the heck are you going to find a bottle of water in the US for 40 cents? That's not realistic at all. And for the Q-Tips the lowest price I could find on Amazon was $4.39 for a 500 count box. And forget about the cotton swabs that advertise being "all natural" they can run higher, the ones with wooden sticks were cheapest but I'd not recommend using those on your lenses. The cheapest ruler that I thought would work on Amazon was $7.99.     Great Video, your price point might still be doable in the US by going to Dollar stores or thrift shops for the ruler. But still great demo of how to properly clean and calibrate your lenses. Something I haven't done in nearly 10 years with mine so I'm off to find a metal ruler.....
How,Things can be explained in easy way. This is one example. Lovely
GAvin, with zoom lenses , do you do this at the longest number setting ; say 70-200 at 200?
Until the rush to digital cameras by wannabes, photographers and all students of photography were taught to use (1)canned/filtered compressed air, (2)a lens brush and then, (3)lens solution with a fresh sheet of lens paper to clean lenses without damaging their nano-thin, fragile coatings and avoiding letting any solution seep in at the edges of the lens and never, ever even approach a lens with any sort of cloth, microfiber or other. FYI, for an optimal aperture, your best guess will be the ones in the middle of the lens' range.
I like the video, useful info.  I'm curious why you don't seem to want to use any sort of lens cleaning solution?  Also, I see very little difference in your video examples, even viewed at 1080P, the max I available from YouTube.  I'll take your word that there is a significant difference, it just doesn't come through YouTube.
Awesome Gavin, subbed! I learned the hard way some of your explanations.
I love this video. Well explained. Thank you so much
Easier and cheaper solution: Simply wash and reuse your lens cloth (especially If you're concerned about the environment)
Hi Gavin. Great video mate. Simple and easy to understand. I have a new Canon M50 and have a variable ND filter. Will this essentially do the job of the lens hood or would you recommend buying one and using both together? Thanks. Ray.
"You rule man!"  -Turtles and sea life everywhere!
Great video Thank you!
At what distance should the camera be per lens?  I heard that it should be lens x 50
I KIND of understand NOW the calibration of the lens. All this time, I thought all it was doing is calibrating the camera. So, with each lens you change to, does the camera automatically know which lens you are using? For instance, if you calibrate a 50mm and change to a 70-200mm, will that automatically be seen and change calibration for the different lens? It's taken me forever to understand this! Please answer this question. Thanks
very good brother. Like it so much
Thank you for the informative video. I am wondering at what length do you put the ruler for each of your lens say if you had a 200mm, 300mm, or a 100mm? Is there a formula you are using or simply placing the ruler where you can see it?  Sorry, I was confused on that issue.
Thank you! So knowledgeable.  The suggestion about the paper cotton buds definitely made me want to stick around. I have  a manual focus lens, but recently the focus has been off, is there a way to fix that?
Yes! save the turtles!. Great video, thanks for sharing.
Hi, thanks for the video. So when you do the manual adjustment on the AF fine-tune, does the camera records that value for every lens? and then it adjusts itself based on the lens you are using? Or do you have to manually go back and load up your saved values depending on the lens?
Thumbs up if you thought the guy in the video thumbnail was Sir Patrick Stewart. LOL
I use lens fluid instead of water. It works great and leaves no residue behind. Q-tips always handy.
FINALLY - Thankyou for creating a sensible easy to understand and non selling video on how to keep my equipment Particularly my lenses in top condition without spending a million dollars .. THANKYOU
BRAVO WELL DONE SIR . JOSEPH NAPIER SR . YOUNGSTOWN OHIO
I appreciate that you start with the simplest fix first then move on to the more complex.  I am concerned, however, by the use of Q-tips (ear butts) because they are mass produced and can contain material that can scratch.  My eye glasses say to use only a fine thread microfiber cloth.  I have always used a high quality (lens and eye glass), dedicated, microfiber cloth that I use only for lens cleaning.  Q1:  Is there anything I can do to help the microfiber cloth clean more effectively?   Q2:  How far from the lens to be calibrated should the middle mark on the ruler be placed for the focus calibration test?  I'm using a Nikon 16-80 DX zoom lens.  Thanks.
I have a Canon 7D and I have a Sigma 150 - 600mm lens. I am having focus problems with the 600 lens. I have tried to calibrate it with a Sigma Dock but before I get there I need the 16 pics. Now with your suggestion with the ruler, I would have to be about 2.3 meters or 9.2 feet from the lens to get a picture to use to calibrate. I do not have a ruler like you have but I do have a yard stick. 36 inches. I was thinking of a set up about 20 feet from my camera to my stick and the stick at a 45 deg angle. You think that would work?
Excellent information
very informative. A must  see for every aspiring photographer
Great video and advice!  One thing...not sure if commemted on because there are over 900 here .. But if you have shutter release cable or use the self timer, then checking the apature's sweet spot won't lead to camera shake when pressing the shutter release button on those slow shutter speeds and defeat the purpose of "sharpness"  testing
I have an old d800E and the focus had gotten off. I just got replaced it and that body has been collecting dust for years. I watched this video, did the ruler trick and now I think my old camera is back in action. Thank you.
Thanks for the info AND for the environmental awareness.
Amazing you win the Oscar for Tack Sharp lenses.
Thanks! great info!
Hi, cool vid bud! I shoot with a 7d mkii & sigma art 135 f1.8 aswell as the sigma sport 70-200 f2.8 and also the sigma 17-50 f2.8. It will be easy enough to do this with the 17-50 but the other lenses will be tricky due to distance from the lens & ruler needed etc. It would be interesting to see how accurate these 3 lenses are when tested like this
Hi Your tutorial was great, however I didn't understand the ruler part and the dialling in the fine tuning, reason being i have a head injury and it takes a while to process. I understood that we were looking at 20mm on your ruler but saw very little difference because I didn't know where else I was comparing it with on the ruler, ar you able to guide me more please Gavin.
I love your accent so much!!
Thank you for the tips.  However, isn't the ear butt too abrasive for lens cleaning ? In my experience i used to use ear butts to clean the LCD's on our products, but stopped it completely as it leaves fine scratches on the surface. We now use microfiber cloths, the same you use to clean spectacles.
I'll be sure to try these tips. Great video! One question though: considering that there is a small chance that the back-side of the lens can get dirty, what's your opinion on cleaning that up?
HOW DO YOU KNOW WHERE TO PLACE THE RULER AT? IM CONFUSED. BECAUSE COULDN'T YOU JUST PLACE THE RULER WHERE ITS FOUCUSED AT?, THEN YOU WOULDNT NEED TO FOCUS IT BECAUSE YOU LAID THE RULER AT THE POINT THAT YOUR CAMERA IS ALREADY FOCUSING ON. I HOPE MY QUESTION MAKES SENSE..
From across the pond.
Awesome info. Thanks Gavin.
Excellent video mate, personally I use the Sony A6000 mirrorless camera in Priority mode most of the time, I do clean my lens but I’ve been using glass cleaning clothes the ones you buy for your glasses however I’ll be changing over to your method from now on.
Good information specially the sweet aperture, most noobs don't get to know this for long time. But your starting with cleaning can make viewers to stop your video😂
GREAT VIDEO !!!!!!   I ESPECIALLY LOVED YOUR CONCERN OVER THE PLASTIC. THANK YOU !!!!!!!!!
Best FOCUS video on the NET! BRAVO MATE!
Would  cotton balls be ok to clean lens?  Wayne
Brilliant Mate, Well Done.  Cheers
Thank you so much for useful tips! Hope one day my cameras will have that af fine tuning settings :)
Great  video!
I thought the thumbnail was Patrick Stewart
Smart man. Good job.
Good ideas.  But many years ago when I was using my 500 CM I started using Zeiss cleaning products.  I never had any problems.  But don’t know if it would still be suitable for the modern coatings. Any thoughts?
Great info
Very useful advice. For cleaning, I use the cotton-bud & distilled water method but first, a few puffs with the rubber blower to take off fine surface grit, holding the lens downwards to let gravity make it fall away.
can i use eyeglass cleanser?
Thanks, very good video. One small addition: I would recommend a water/q-tip swirl around the metal ring first. One of my filters was very dirty and I almost dragged "smuts" onto the glass.
Teach about picture style and focus of. Canon 5DS and canon 7d mark 2
Thank u Gavin parsons
much thanks for this.  you explained well and showed the difference between US currency and yours which is a huge help.
verygood performance  preciated  manythanks
Excellent that you criticise plastic Q-Tips that are helping to destroy the planet. And excellent advice about achieving sharp focus too :)
Yes, clean the glass but don't forget the contacts! You'd be surprised how cruddy they get. Some denatured alcohol with a Q-tip works a treat. Both the camera body and lens(es).
Gavin,  Watching your video made me realize what I've been missing. Thank you for the information. Pity I didn't know about your video earlier but as they say, better late than never. I'm subscribing to your channel.  Stay Blessed and thank you for sharing the information.  Cheers,  Mohummed
I Love your house. Your video was very helpful thank you
All my lenses are Primes - 40mm, 50mm & 105mm. None of these have a front lens element. But all my lenses have UV filters. So, do I clean the filters?
Environmentally friendly video...excellent Sir.
Can you tell the Brand & Mode# of that Tripod?
Would Witch Hazel be better than bottled water?
Thanks for the tutorial, glad I found it. I have some questions wondering if you can help me with. Firstly, does the sharpest aperture vary for different focal lengths for the same lens for a zoom lens? Ie, for any zoom lens, say 18-55mm, is the sharpest aperture different for the focal length of 18, 20, 22, etc etc all the way up to 55? Would that mean I need to manually do the test shots for each focal length? My second question is, when we use the 'sharpest aperture", what part of the image is sharp? Ie, What is the depth of field that is sharp/in focus?
Well done
Thank you.
I suspect there may be many elderly photographers, who will be very grateful for your easy method of getting their socks on and off.
Great video, what I really liked was the slow pace. Too many tutorials are 100mph and you just can’t catch the important details. I will be doing this to my lenses as I’m struggling to get tack sharp images. Thanks!!!
Excellent advice and low cost too, thanks.
This is the first time I watch one of your videos, which I really liked, but I almost close it as soon as it opened and I saw a kitchen as background, It didn´t give you very much credibility as a photographer, but I was wrong, you explained very simple with things at hand, a calibrator chart can be as expensive as 70 dollars or more.
Gavin, thanks for the video-- I got a lot from it.  Did have a quick question though.  When you cleaned the lens, you used nothing on the Q-Tip except water.  How does that do the job when much of the main junk you want to clear off is oil-based, like a thumbprint?  Wouldn't one need something like soap (mild, so you don't mess up lens coating) that will break up oil?  Thanks again
Gavin-great video! You cover the "standard" lens. However, most will have a range of focal lengths. You stated that one needed to calibrate each lens in the inventory.  I don't see much of an adjustment to the process for wide angle lenses. However, due to the minimum focusing distance of telephoto lenses, I'm wondering how the process may or will change for the longer lengths. Further, how does the process change for a zoom lens or do they need to be calibrated? Thanks for your efforts in our behalf. Nice to discover you!
Very good video
Thanks a lot.  I appreciate you taking the time to help others.
Absolutely wonderful! Thank you.
What was the difference between the pictures taken by adjusting the Fine AF. I saw no change!
I know I am two years late, but I must say this is the best tutoria i have seen. No one and I mean no one has explained it better than this. I'm in California, and i became a huge fan. Thank you...
Brilliant advice.
What self respecting photographer would let their lens get that cruddy? I am absolutely OCD about keeping my lenses clean and ALWAYS keep a high quality multicoated UV(O) filter in front of my lenses.
Gavin,  excellent presentation! Spot on!
To prepare for weddings I used lens cleaner with lens tissues torn to create a little brush for each lens. Carried a lens brush and microfiber cloth while in action. Always perfectly sharp and clear. Used manual SLR s and prime lenses. Much lighter than DSLRs
Good Video and explanation.   But, what about the "cheaper" cameras, like the Nikon D5500, that don't have that AF fine-tune? Is there any solution, other then sending it to a service point, if you want to calibrate the Auto Focus?
Very well done, Gavin! Points awarded for your environmental consciousness as well.  One of the first things I learned when I got serious about my photography was that although shooting wide open made for great depth of field effects, it was far from optimal for sharp images.
Thank you Gavin: you have done a public service in helping people understand that cleaning of lenses  with liquid is the best approach. Expanding on your wise advice: Lenses also accumulate dust bits and grit, of course. If one leaves all cleaning to a microcloth, those particles are being ground into the glass or plastic lens. With use, the cloth picks up more particles and becomes a kind of fine grit sandpaper. The nano-thin coatings on lenses don't like that. Throw away your micro-fiber cloths, friends! There's a reason why many providers of lenses are happy to give them away free.
Would this work for eyeglasses too? (mine are plastic)
Thanks Gavin, great info
...well, sometimes the easiest ways are the best ways...! Thanks for the input, Gavin! Well done and very much appreciated!
Paper qtips sold in a plastic box
Hi Gavin, Thank you for the informative guide to lens cleaning and calibration methods. I will definitely give it a try. Cheers from Australia.
How about those made of wood between the cotton, is that good enough ? Instead of cheap plastic  Subscribed !
Does the fine hairs from the Q tip get on the lens?
I just watched and read about how our plastics are breaking down into tiny tiny fragments and how even places that just a while back no man has even seen we now have discovered the places are littered with plastics.  Never been a fan of bottled water partly because it's not better for you and over purified water can be bad for you and even toxic if you are drinking distilled or reverse osmosis purified water without adding some sort of supplement to it.  So I'm already against bottles but I didn't think about those qtips.   I'll be switching to cotton.
A very comprehensive and well presented tutorial.  I also disapprove of the over use of plastics in our lives.  I have not used micro-fiber cloths in a long time because of the very reasons you have mentioned.  I no longer use them on my eyewear since I discovered they do create scratches. Thanks very much for the tips on sharpening lens focusing.  Very much looking forward to more of your excellent work.  Cheers mate. Tony
Great video Gavin thanks mate
Great Tips Thank You
Great Job Gavin
Cool video, great presentation. Totally agree on non plastic use when ever possible.
I know you don't like lens cloths but I have a bunch of them and have always swapped them out for clean ones. The dirty ones go in a bag until I throw them in the wash. I've worn glasses since I was a kid and developed that system for cleaning my glasses and find it works for lenses as well.
Great tips thank you!
Nice informative video Gavin just found your channel...thought it would be good being a Parsons  and you sound like a northerner
Brilliant looking forward to future  episodes
Definitely good video, and no plastic , thumbs up
You are the first one to talk about plastic Q-tips and the danger plastics cause in the ocean. I'm really impressed. In the USA this isn't mentioned by advertisers or YouTube / bloggers. It is talked about in the UK. Thank you.
Great job explaining a good 'low cost method' for cleaning, calibrating and identifying the aperture sweet spot!
In the US, Walmart brand cotton swabs have compressed PAPER sticks! They have had them for several years. Harbor Freight  has rulers marked in  mm, cm, and inches.
it taught me a few tricks, thanks
I'm going to try this technique! I subbed!!!
You hit the nail perfectly on its head👍💎 Thank you so much for these tips! I did my focus refining after first activating the pre mirror up setting to be Shure of a none shaking camera during the work.
Very good tutorial! Thank you!
I love you!!! Thanks for the down and dirty fixes! First ever video I’ve seen of yours, and I’ve already subscribed, liked, hit the bell and now commenting. Woohoo! Keep it up! I could listen to your voice all day!
What about the back of the lens and camera mirror?  Nothing is dust proof!  Even the excellent Sony 6500 needs periodic cleaning.
Mr. Parsons, you tested the lens for the sweet spot and I learned a lot and will check all of my lenses for it and clean lens elements with your method  and use the steel ruler method to technique to determine where the lens is focusing and make the appropriate adjustments to my D800, D600 and D7200.  Back to the part about the sweet spot, since you used a zoom lens is the sweet spot the same for all focal lengths or does it change as you zoom?  Years ago when I took a couple of courses for the black and white photography I used film a F100.   I remember my teacher telling the students the lens would always be sharpest two to three stops down from wide open which meant for a f/1.4 lens it would have been f/2.8 - f/4.0 so I'm guessing that no longer applies since we can use digital images rather than b&w film plus developing and making 8x10's to determine sharpest apertures.  BTW, I learned so much from this video I need to say thanks, it was an awesome presentation.
20 CM ? I'm in America,our yard sticks only have inches. I guess I can't do this then.
Great video :) Don't forget when you're using the spirit level, to check the table's level and the sketch pad is also dead level :)
Thanks so much for a great video. Very informational!
I haven't shot a photo I've liked in two years. Forgot the basics sitting right there in my bag.  To much time thinking I needed to expand. Wasted time to realize my comfort zone is limited by my camera and lenses. Thanks, now I know what mistakes I've made and how to correct them without spending anything.
Nice work, I had this issue with my phone camera yesterday and the lens was terribly cloudy with grease and dirt, cleaned it off and voila perfect again.  Thanks for the inexpensive solution that works.
Excellent presentation! Thank you. Subscribed.
That was excellent. Many thanks.
Loved the presentation! Subscribed!
Good stuff! Good presentation. Liked. Subscribed. Shared.
Cotton bud. Great vid👍🏻👍🏻
Excellent practical advice and you've gained a new subscriber. Then obviously take care when changing lenses in the field to keep them clean.   I also place a small roll of double sided sticky tape on the inside of my front lens cap to catch dust.
Watching, Learning, and Retaining your video content was by far, one of the BEST ways I've EVER spent 16:32 minutes of MY LIFE!!! Your teaching methods, explanations and importance of performed actions, and Environmentally-friendly emphasis got me HOOKED, like that Captain in Peter Pan! This video is the FIRST of MANY I'll be watching from you, in order to become a BETTER Photographer. I truly appreciate the way you briefly, yet in detail, covered the selected video topics, didn't go on tangents, and provided Beginner Foto Enthusiasts, like me a well-packaged video knowledge kernel. SUBSCRIBED!  ⚔️☠️⚔️
Awesome...!!!
Thanks for a great video mate however I don't know what you're looking at in the focused test. I can't see any difference from ƒ5.0 on up as far as sharpness. It all looks the same to me.
Save the planet first then we will have something to photograph well into the future. Thanks Gavin for your informative and caring video.
My man this is a good vid indeed. Bought a 40years old manual prime. Even some of tripod pics were MEHh.   As I am not an experienced photographer I thought its me sucking at it.To my surprise i took the test and it was soo off focus. I've had to tune it down to maximum minus position and booom I don't suck that much anymore haha.  Muchas gracias from Norfolk.
Thank you for such a great video!
Tampons or panty pads make great lens cleaners x
Thanks Dr evil
Gavin thanks for the good video and I ve subscribed. I agreed with everything you said and I learnt quite a bit too. The only thing that I would add is that if Photographers were to put a UV filter on their lens they wouldnt have to clean their lens half as much and the front element would be better protected against scratching... ps i dont mean a cheap filter as someone just mentioned
Thank you for mentioning not to use the plastic.
or you can buy cheap uv filter.
Great to see a warning about cheap cotton buds and the general environmental awareness in your video.
Great informative video sir.  I may be mistaken, but with a petal lens hood, during early morning and late evening, you want to rotate the lens hood 90 degrees.
Awesome video, thank you!
When you adjust the focus on a zoom lens, do you use the longest or the shortest zoom?
Awesome techniques. Learned lots. to improve my work. ?Thanks much.
Dear sir.  I am shawn thank you for share yours experience with us.  And of course we like this video very much and we only say one word BRAVO.  This video is priceless and I mean that; really.  Thank you  Shawn  Sincerely
How do you calibrated the lens if it's not in your camera setup??? I have a dinosaur Olympus E520 but for now it is all I have..except for 10 panasonic and other bridge cameras...and at about 40 feet it seems out of focus a small amount. I heard something about these cameras have a problem with something about front focus or rear focus..what ever that is.
THANKS Gavin!! Excellent!!!
My sock are Coming Off LOL
Very helpful. Thanks for the tips and respect for your environmental concern. :)
Great advice mate I always re calibrated my new  lenses and it does make a noticeable difference however the 50mm prime was spot on out of the box as was my 35mm  prime. imho the problem is the floating elements on all zoom lenses, a jack of all trades will never be as good as one job only. However in my experience all lenses calibrated or not prime or not never work best using their extreme settings its just that primes have more latitude.
You forgot the cost of a lens hood. Think of Olympus and canon glass.... ;)
Thanks 🙏🏼
what about  a 150 t0 600mm lens calibration
Good stuff mate.. May want to blow off the front of your lens before you start circling that Q-Tip around on that coating. One little micro speck of silica between your Q-Tip and the glass will etch micro scratches into the coating. Don't ask my Ai-s 105 how it knows..
Is calibration required to be done regularly?
Sooo helpful! Thank you so much. I have been wanting to calibrate my lenses at home and this is the best guide I've personally found.
Thank you, very helpful.
Good tip for lens cleaning. I assume you can use the same method for filters? I ask because I always put a skylight filter on any lens just after purchase when I used  a DSLR.  I mostly use fixed-lens bridge cameras these days ('cause I'm lazy) but I still do the same thing so it's the filter that gets dirty.
Thanks for the video.  Love the practicality.  But, you could've said this, esp with editing, in about 2-5 minutes.  I'm starting to really bridle at vids that help themselves to viewers' time -- which surely can't hurt ad revenue generation -- but abuses viewers' attention.  You seem way too earnest to be about that.  But let's not do it accidentally, either, you know?  That aside, nice vid.  (I enjoyed the Britishism "nothing but a pile of pants".)
I love the Brits. Cheers from Canada for a very useful video.
What lens is used in this shoot?
At 16.30 I don't see a difference ?
Crisp, sharp photos has always been an issue with me.  Thanks for this most informative video. I had no idea about calibrating a lens. I now have a project for my 3 lenes. Is that a Nikon 24 - 200mm F4.0 lens in the video?  That's my main lens with my D810.
Would recommend using a blower first?
Thanks for simplifying this process, I see so many people buy "Kits" online, and I never wanted to auto-tuning my lens until my 50 lost its focus !
f5  to  f8   ...
Great vid mate and well done on the mentioning the plastic and to ocean, thanks.
Huge kudos for your environmental stance 😻✌️🇦🇺
The grey circle around the model's right eye at 15:36 - is this a refection from her glasses?  Can it be avoided?
Good show!  Good spit shine.     Cheers!
Thank you, very informative.
Thank you , very helpful.
If you use distilled water there is no residue at all....
great video, simply explained now gonna clean my lens etc... thanks
Good video great points .. I liked it a lot .   What is a good lens for a Nikon D800 .  I have just moved up to Full frame  I cannot afford more than £500
Forgive me but I can't help it :O)  A ruler is a King or Queen, you were using a rule, I think a 500mm rule, or in engineering terms a 500mm a straight edge. Picky I know.......sorry.  I'm just an old hairy arsed engineer :O) Would it not have been even more accurate to lock the focus after the first shot and uses a remote release? Some good ideas though, thanks.
Thanks, sir, for the wonderful inputs. Very useful
Good video,, I use the ruler focus also demonstrate depth of field when I teach,,, I like the coin focus method,, however I use squared mathematical paper so the image is on one plane of focus,,,
Gavin...Just found your channel (subscribed/liked) thanks for the video...I was already cleaning my lenses as you described but wasn't aware of the other two ways to calibrate and find the sweet spots :)...
Been using a similar method for several years.  Difference I use a paper towel to remove excess water from swab and sometimes a CLEAN microfiber or lens paper for excess water on lens. It is a very fast, easy  proceedure
Gavin...light a candle. Get an old tin spoon and hold it over the candle until the bottom of the spoon is black. Take a small piece of cotton wool. Wipe the bottom of the spoon with the cotton wool. When your cotton wool has a small smear of black on it use the cotton wool to clean your lens. NOTHING cleans a lens like this!
I didn't notice any difference in the photographs of the ruler. Also, just water isn't going to breakdown grease or oily residues on the lens, it will just redistribute them in a thin layer will it not? lens wipes are more expensive but surely better as they contain chemicals to attack and remove oil and grease, yes?
Thanks for what was new information for me.
I was wondering what Nikon Camera you were using for this Video? I love love Nikon products!!
Totally going to do this to my camera.  I am a new Applied Media Student at College. We didn't even do this at school.  I am in month 5 of a 1 year program.  Great points for sure.
Great video! Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
I would imagine that the plastic ones could also scratch.
When I had photography as a hobby about 50 years ago, we were advised to use a uv filter as a protective cover for the lens. It didn’t change any values and was easier to clean. Are they recommended for digital cameras?
Great video.  I like Q tips too!  There are a few more things that I might add that I find important are the use of a solid tripod, cable release and mirror lockup in getting sharp photographs. This is especially important for telephoto lenses.  I like to hang my camera bag on the tripod to make it even steadier. All the other points you mention are excellent.  With night photography of the Milky Way and auroras you need as much light as possible but it is a mistake to shoot the scene with the lens wide open.  I find that closing up the aperture one to two stops makes the stars much sharper and the exposure needs to be under 15 seconds to keep them as points of light instead of dashes. Never use a UV filter for night photography as you will get ghost stars.
Does the AF adjustment remember what lens it is being calibrated on?
15:00  After putting lens hood, she smiles ?....
thank u learnt a few new things
good and very "teaching" video, good systems and everyone have those what need use to do all these with lenses, keep going,great video
Best teacher ever! One of my best video about understanding my lenses. Thank you!
Someone get this man some new socks, stat!
Hi Gavin, very informative video and useful tips, just one question though, why do you carry an old tanner amongst your loose change?
eco-minded gets a thumbs up from me
Do you know if the Canon 5 iii has AF fine-tune?
When you were shooting the coins the smaller the aperture got it sounded like the slower the shutter speed got. That may have something to do with the sharpness falling off.
Water from the ap does not have anything but Chlorine. Plastic bottle of water is pollution. Even when recycled they create pollution through recycling process. Use lint free cloth and tap water. Cotton buds create fine scratches.
Perfect but this takes years.  I use the demakeup discs and water from the centre from the lens to the outside. And believe me or not but i was a professional lens cleaner a hoya😄
Excellent video very informative but not sure about using water on a lens incase it gets inside.
I don't know what I like better . . . . . . . . . the helpful video . . . . . . or the coffee machine set up !! :)  :) Cheers
Very nice!
Great video Gavin!.... and you are a genuine environmental hero ! Well done :-)
Thanks for sharing. Good idea. I have subscribed.
Nice background, I want a cup of coffee from that cool looking orange coffee maker. The quality of the video is very good, just wondering what camera you used to make the video. Keep up the good work - this video was enjoyable to watch and kept my attention. Now I need to get some nice camera equipment.
Mineral water is not the same as distilled water. Mineral water has dissolved substances - distilled water doesn't.
good video, aspecially regarding the awfull PLASTIC qtips, but have you tried a LENSPEN? it works with akind of charcoal and really is very effective removing debris on my lenses...
Brilliant. Cheers. 👍
Clean the rear element. A few years ago, I thought my lens or camera was shagged and I’d have to buy a new setup. Eventually realised the rear element was filthy. No idea how. Always very careful changing lenses. Didn’t change lenses that often. Kept the camera dry and avoided fast temperature changes. Quick clean of the rear element and good as new again. Doh! And then I bought a new camera and lens anyway 🤷🏻‍♂️
You forgot salvia as a cleaning agent. I've used it somtimes since 1977 on lenses or filters outdoors when suddenly a cleaning was necessary and no water, cleaner or alcohol was in my bag.
Thank you very much. Super Video. Subbed.
I normally use rubbing alcohol instead of water as it will evaporate and leave no trace.
before leveling camera for checking sweet spot, don't forget to level the table the coins are on
Johnny P.  fantastic video.  Great pointers I subscribed and hit like. Can't wait to see more very clear presentation
Thank you for your recommendation on the Q tips. It's refreshing to see that some people actually are concerned with the environment.
One tiny drop of liquid detergent in that bottle will really clean it better.
Great camera tips.  Wish I had heard of these tips years ago.
Great video, but you missed the rear element :-)
Great little video !
The one other item you did not mention was checking that the eye piece is correct for you. Glasses or no glasses, it's amazing how many people you see turning the adjuster wheel, often in aware of it! Next thing you know they wonder why pictures are not looking so good! Lol
I use distilled water and a q-tip
Great advice on the lens cleaning... Little preaching would be nice.
Thanks Gavin - GREAT ideas!   Side note: I heard once it's best to start in the middle of the lens, not the edge.  This reduces the chance of liquid getting under the lens bezel.  Hope this helps.
Priceless! Thank you.
The first four minutes: buy biodegradable cotton swabs and find distilled or mineral water. Gawd! You don’t have to make your videos longer than it should be. That’s like a joke, a bad one.
They all end up dead lol. Thanks for sharing my Nikon is like a new and improved shooter.
I really like this man! Full of really good ideas, check him out!!
I use a new fresh crisp dollar bill for my tests. Spray the back with a lite a coat of glue then mount on a 11x14 stiff smooth backing board. Use a roller to smooth out wrinkles and dry under a heavy glass with a 25 lb cast iron weight lifters plate. I bought a small glass table top for this and other mounting jobs.The face of the bill has several areas with very small fine lines that are difficult to photograph this will also reveal center to edge sharpness differences. I spend my money on film and chemicals and shop thrift stores and garage sells for items I can repurpose for my shop.
Great tips, great presentation, wonderful personality.
I cannot express how nice details you’ve got in this video. I watched it as a whole and I realized I heard these tips for the first time. We always see some similar tips but they were for me quite unique. Great video, great comments, great tips. I subscribed too!
Thanks for your concise video.  I will try using your autofocus calibration and aperture suggestion.  One problem I had was (and maybe it’s because I viewed your video on my iPad) that I could not notice a difference in any of your comparison photos.
Zoom lenses. I can see you calibrate on 24 mm. Is it still calibrated on all mm, ex 35, 50, 70?
Distance to subject also plays a huge factor.   For example, you might be just inside or almost outside of the focusing distance for a given focal length setting. If you don't change your shooting distance, you will end up with softer images than otherwise. So it's not enough to just take plenty of steady images, you also need to ensure you're as close to the center of the focusing distance as possible.  This is why I like to keep my focus sliders locked right at the middle.
That’s was all a bit silly. Now how do people get the water out of the back of their front element. And that method of fine tuning AF presumes your AF centre spot is self centred accurately. But yes people need to know their lens apertures. You forgot the main reason why pics are blurry, camera shake due to using the old film days rule of reciprocity on modern big sensor cameras.
I use a 1/32 inch pinhole, never needs cleaning because there's no glass! Take an old lens with bad glass and remove the glass, mount the lens and meter through the camera's meter! The depth of field is awesome and colors crisp because there's no aberration or lens loss. Try it bad lenses can be had on eBay cheap, $ 5 to $ 7 is the most I ever paid! Remember to keep a clear filter on front to keep out moisture and dirt. Photograph your brains out!! David;)
I had an old press photographer pro once tell me to just use a cotton undershirt in a pinch.
keeps surprising me how every two out of three professional photographers on YouTube has British accent. btw earsticks and other one time use plastic stuff is forbidden for sale in my country starting 2019.
Toney & Chelsea Northrup are into photo blogging, h is quite knowledgeable person and wise too.
How about alcohol swabs?
Fantastic, Northup Family should look into it.
My camera has no AF fine-tune.....can I get that for under 5 dollars?
Thinking now my lens cloths have been through a few wars of dirt and grime. Thanks for the info I got a lot of cleaning to do now
Thanks for the tip
Very good I heard that some stores cost you hundreds of dollars just to calibrate your camera I think that's just saves you money now 😄👍
Informative, no nonsense hands on demonstration, no big claims, no blabbering -- exactly as every video tutorial should be. Good work (y)
Good show!
You look like the younger brother of Ken Rockwell aka the angry photographer
Is Dr Evil your brother ? 😁
Excellent video and info Gavin. . .Just discovered your channel and subscribed. . .You impress me as such a knowledgeable person that I thought I'd try throwing a question at you because I feel like your answer would be so helpful. . .I have been shooting with a Nikon D7100 and would really like to try to turn a few of my best shots into prints, maybe even to sell.  Do you think shots taken with that crop-sensor camera could possibly be turned into acceptable prints, maybe not larger than say 16x20 or 18x24?  Or would that probably not be good enough and acquiring a full-frame camera be absolutely necessary. . .I'm really trying to keep to a budget these days, so would you think a used full-frame could be OK , and if so how old a model (Nikon) would you consider usable for a budget-minded person?  I know I'd have to invest in full-frame lenses as well, but just wondering how old of a full-frame camera you'd think would be acceptable. . .Thanks so much for any ideas you might have. . .
Love the tips!!  Do you have a video for sensor cleaning???
Really good camera tips, but I especially want to tell you how much I appreciate you emphasizing the "no plastic" part! Thanks for creating awareness around the destruction and devastation plastic causes to wildlife, ocean life, and the environment.
Cheers Gavin, great tips! You have a new subscriber from the Netherlands. I use a Canon 50D and on occasion even my old 20D out of nostalgia. I always set them to Manual. I use reading glasses and when looking through the viewfinder I have it adjusted to match my eye sight. Without glasses of course. I use auto focus and then adjust the view finder so my eye also has it in focus. But when watching the photos in Lightroom I still seem to be slightly off. Is there a better way to adjust the view finder?
Gavin! Thank you so much for an extremely informative video! You just gained another subscriber, from North Georgia, US! I am heading downstairs to get my Q-tips, distilled water, a metal ruler AND a pocketful of change. I now know how I am going to spend the rest of my afternoon and evening! :-)
Great video. Thank you. I have never seen anyone tackle these issues
Great video. I am going to try these methods today. I've have wondered what my best  Aperture is, and that method is easy. I have a Cannon Rebel T3I, I'm not sure if mine has that AF adjustment. I sure hope so, because i do believe mine is off a bit. I sometimes struggle to get my focus right and have to switch over to manual. You nailed several questions I had all in one video, thanks again! Subscribed!
Thanks Gavin, for the nice and clean tips for the camera and the earth. Going to do that with my D7200 and the lenses. New  follower from Belgium.
ur method of explaing is not easy ,its difficult to grasp ?  but nice video or comtent ,👍
Wow 😮 simply amazing !! Best tip ever!
this eco-conscious guy deserves my sub. nice work gavin!
To me, you sound more like a Kiwi.
I usually shoot at 2.8 but I’m for sure this isn’t my sweet spot. Can’t wait to test this out.
Excellent tips....that I will use. Here in Canada we too recycle all plastics and the plastic shafted q-tips are almost gone...mostly paper now. Nice to see awareness however and always good to remind people we're borrowing this world from our kids. Cheers my friend from Canada North
That was good man !
thank you I have never heard of being able to adjust a lens.
Very good video. Thank you
love the idea. Can you help me how to do with 77D?
This is helpful information and I have been out shooting with this lens and then added to the lens with a wide angle and on location wasted two hours shooting to come home and see the messy images. I was about ask about glass cleaners and or vinegar in hopes of getting the lens perfect plus we smoke in the house and it is possible to clean up smoke, it is just a lot of work.
"My socks are still on" , love it :)
I mostly appreciate your stressing not using plastic.  Thank you for caring about our environment.
much appreciated and hello from Fort Erie Ontario Canada, loved the video, amateur photographer with canon 5d mark 2 - Gordon
Thanks for this simple demo of several affects. I shall be carrying out each part and hope to see some improvements in the effects I photograph.
Excellent video.  Thanks for sharing SIR!
Genius! Color me subscribed!
What a great video, thanks Gavin.
Very good explanation I love your strategy
But f5.6, 8, and 11 have been the sweetest spots since time immemorial! Am I right, or am I right???
Fantastic!
Should work on Spectacles too!
You won a loyal subscriber.
Does this mean you don't recommend lens pens?  I've been using them to clean my lenses for years.   Also, I have owned 3 of those leveling cubes and none accurately measured level -- they would be great if they did.
Nice to see a photographer giving advice that's environmentally friendly.
Water (especially from the tap) contains fluoride, chlorine and loads of other chemicals which are in the long run going to damage that front lens element.  What you want to use is lens cleaning fluids made specially for this job, not tap water.  Some people suggest fogging the lens with your breath.  Bad news is that the water from breath is slightly acidic which can over time etch your lens causing an even worse appearance.  I don’t know over how much time this can cause damage.  It may be you do this once a year and your lens last 100-200 years. Who knows?
Sweet Spot - a few questions please : 1. how high was your lens from the coins  2. what focal length is suggested. 3. were you is auto or manual focus ?  Thx
Excellent advice that I’ll follow!! Thank you very much Gavin!!!  Sincerely,  A new subscriber.
This may be a stupid question but does the Q Tip scratch the lens?
Use distilled water, not mineral water. Otherwise, you will deposit minerals on your lens.
When you said “I use this to clean the grove” I thought you were about to say, my ass! LOL 😂
Hi Gavin, Great tips !!! Really well explained.
Hi Gavin! Thank you for enlightening photographers with these great tips for obtaining maximum Sharpness. As a landscape and product photographer, I’m all about Sharpness and detail retention in my images, and may I suggest the following additional tips...Always use a solid tripod. When using a tripod, always use the camera’s self timer to trip the shutter! This eliminates any slight movement when depressing the shutter, even when the camera is mounted on the tripod. And BTW, to avoid the tedium of lens calibration or Micro-Focus Adjustment, I highly recommend a Mirrorless System. As AF is read directly off the sensor, there is no need for calibration! Either your lens/camera system achieves optimum focus or it doesn’t. (In the latter case, there is a mechanical issue.) No guesswork involved! Thanks again sir.
Gavin thank you for making this effective common sense video! Getting back to basics and caring for the proper cleaning and maintenance of our photographic tools does not have to break the bank or be hyper technical. I have scheduled a routine lens cleaning day on my shared app that reminds me from all my devices.
I'm impressed that you still have a tanner in your pocket change ;-)
As well as cleaning the front element of your lens, you should also give the same amount of care to the rear element, it is amazing how many times I have seen someone complain their lens isn't as sharp as it used to be and they have never ever cleaned the rear element.
Ta very much!
Thank you very much.
Thanks!
Life saver
excellent and very practical
Wow, Spot On! New subscriber, thank you for the great tips and tricks!
Trust a fellow Brit to get the absolute fundamentals spot-on. Nice one, Gavin, and thanks.
Hi Gavin, thanks for this pleasantly presented tutorial. I opine not being quite sure regarding the metal ruler technique as to how the shots differed and the choice of 20; so if you are still making videos, I look forward to your reply. Regards, Jan.
You are cleaning the ND filter not the actual lens.
Absolutely great tips! Thanks a lot
Thank you very much Sir that was really helpful!
Excellent video. Thank you so much! Great information delivered in a light-hearted, direct and easy to understand format, with perfect demonstrations. <3
Great information we can all use.  Thanks for your efforts.
Just subscribed based on your mention of recycling issues. Not many people make mention of these important issues that effect all our little decisions. Well done Gavin, nice one, keep up the good work. U mentioned underwater housing, how about some vids for us UW photographers/videographers?
Really cool tips mate. But I just realized that my camera (Nikon D3100) doesn't have the AF Fine tune. Tomorrow will do the "Sweet spot" experiment. Pretty sure it will change my pictures' quality a lot. Thanks for sharing.
A clean front element is good, but it has nothing to do with image sharpness. The biggest factor for any given lens is the F-stop/shutter speed comb that is been used.
Here is 1+ sub. Really appreciate your positive attitude to save Earth. Well put together video. Thnks. Just asking i think this fine tune option not available in d5600??
how do I do this with my Werra 1 ?
What was the lens size you were using in the lens cleaning and fine tuning video?  very good info!  Thnx!
Fix your shutter speed
Thank you
Lol a Kitchenaid Expresso Maker. I work there lol Anyway great video.
Thank you for the good info.....and thank you very very much for talking about plastic-waste!!!!!!!
No UV filter to protect the lens?  Great info and you are right.  Unless a person is using the photos for enlargement, you only need a 12mp camera at the most.
Please please first have some water in the cap of the bottle, then put the bottle behind your reach. You moves your hands rapidly. Accident may happen any time.
Cheers Excellent informative video 10/10 :-)
One you were down to f 10 the shutter was 1/10 sec !! Below that nothing but camera shake !! Use a remote control, mirror up and maybe up the ISO ! What lens ? Fixed focal length? I see it's a zoom  so then you have to do this at every focal length. And what about coins all the way to the corners ! Lens hood? really?
Thanks for the "down n dirty" tips and for warning people about plastic!
Best sharp video i have see in a long time :) 10 / 10
When I stopped obsessing about image quality the quality of my images went way up. Yes, I clean and calibrated my lenses but then I usually use a wide aperture for subject isolation. The theoretical loss in IQ is insignificant (except in laboratory) compared to the aesthetic gain.
... ok, but you were not cleaning the lens element - unless I am much mistaken, the lens had a UV or similar filter attached.
I'm going to have to disagree with almost everything in this video.  I use a decent UV filter for protection (no need to go crazy, $40 will get you a decent filter in a Kenko or Hoya) and very rarely have to even touch the front element of the lens. I have lenses that are years old that don't need a clean. The UV filter can be cleaned with water, 100% isopropyl alcohol (for oil and grease that won't shift) and common plain tissues then use a blower when they're dry if there is any lint left behind. Be very careful with isopropyl though as it can destroy certain coatings and types of plastic (which is again why I'm happy to put it on a $30 filter, not $1500 lens). If you think the filter has degraded try another and if that fixes things use the old filter as protection in storage only and buy a new one for shooting.  The front glass has to be filthy or quite badly hazed to destroy IQ - a fingerprint or two actually won't make as big a difference as you might think. A uniformly bad piece of glass (like a bad filter) will do much more damage. Scratches surprisingly will only affect an image noticeably if they happen to catch the light at the correct angle. Rear glass is a different story - a scratch on the rear element of the lens is a photo-ruining catastrophe.  Not much need to verify the sharpest apertures for a lens. WIde open is always going to be softer, f/8-f/11 is going to be the sweet spot depending on your lens, and stopping down much further than f/11 you'll see diffraction softening. That doesn't mean you should avoid wider or more stopped down apertures though. For example it may well be worth shooting at f/22 or even above if you're shooting a landscape or macro and want to sacrifice a little bit of sharpness for a lot of depth of field. If you're shooting in low light or shooting soft portraits wider apertures may well be something you want to sacrifice to freeze motion or get shallower depth of field. Shooting at the sharpness sweet spot is fine if you're shooting for forensics but limits any kind of artistic choice.  Shooting a ruler, I'll grant you isn't a bad way to set your focus fine tuning. But you can print a focus chart designed for this for the price of some ink and a piece of paper and that'll probably make your job a bit easier. I wouldn't actually buy a ruler specifically to do this.  I've also found lens hoods to be much more useful at longer focal lengths, where the shade they throw is much more likely to cover the enter path of the light hitting the front element. At 70mm and above they really do well. Below that the hoods tend to be too short to be effective anyway.
Well done. I have copied and followed step by steps. And very effective good results.  Thank You.  Only thing I couldn't imitate is the accents.  😊😊😊
I will try all your points with my lenses.. cleaning. Tomorrow that will be my work Thanks
Very good advice. I have 25 lenses and seven camera bodies and use the "ZEISS" pre-moistened lens wipes that are 15cmx13cm. what do you think of those as disposable cleaning clothes?
I like your style!
Don,t use water as the residue could seep into the lense, you need to be using an alchohol substance as it evaporates and clenses the lense  better and does not run and using buds could actually sratch the lense, so no i not taking onboard your way of cleaning.
Love it
There might be some controversial tips. However the combination sounds like the problem to my blurry images. Must try and let you know how it goes. I've given this my thumbs up.
This is silly. Use a lens cleaning solution instead of water.
Stick a UV filter on it. Problem solved.
Thanks, good advice. if I could see the sharpness and light flare pic comparisons side by side it would be easier to my untrained eye. Thanks again, subbed.
But using water will introduce fungus right? I'm a bit scared to do that to my lens.
Well done on the non plastics cotton buds. Personally I use lens wipes made/labelled by a lens company, I get these from amazon and work out at 5p each. Also when testing the focus on a lens I use mirror up mode and timer or remote trigger to minimise any camera shake from from pressing the button, especially as doing this inside you tend to have a slower shutter speed. Subscribed and a thumbs up.
Easily, these are the most valuable insights on maintanence that I've come across. And explained fabulously too. Thank you, Gavin!
Sensational mate. Nice and easy explanation. Thumbs up and s u b b e d....
I use *Lens Cleaning Tissues* for let's name it everyday lens cleaning. They are made from paper, they are cheap and environmentally safe. For heavy dirt, I use cleaning lens solution based on alcohol and microfiber cloth. Consider trying *Lens Cleaning Tissues* I like that you are the environmental concern. Thumb up!
Dear Mr.Parsons, I worked for Scottish water for 40 years, of course our water is softer than southern UK water but still, by Law it must contain the recommended amount and recipe of minerals for natural healthy drinking water, Bottled water is either taken from the ground or surface rain water catchment areas, (lakes), filtered, cleaned and then have the recommended minerals added,  (basically you get yourself some perfectly clean water and then throw a shovel full of dirt into every few ton),  So, Bottled water in no way resembles Distilled water,  Distilled water has No foreign bodies in it whatsoever.
Thank you so much there is a lot of Great information there !!
Personally I would inquire with a lens manufacturer, exactly what THEY recommend for lens cleaning.
What?! 30p for water??? Not a chance. More like 2.00 around this country.
Clicked the like & subscribed the moment you said no plastic buds 👍
Just curious with your sharpness test. I noticed your video showed you in Aperture Priority, meaning your ISO would have gone up with every bump in your F-stop. which might have squid your sharpness test.  I am wondering if you used a better lit aria in full manual and had a less than 800 iso on your specific camera would that have made a difference in the sharpness you were perceiving?
When is it appropriate to use a very high aperture setting, such as F/22 or F/29?
Sharp clear! thanks!
I missed the calibration bit. Got confused. Will have to watch it again.  But i appreciate the video. :)
Cleaning your camera lens is best done with the gentlest touch. I have worked thru the process you have given in this video to detail the glass element of a lens and found it clean at first glance. However, at times even if you see that it looks clean it is not that really clean. The proof of a really clean lens is when shining a bright flashlight across the surface of the lens at different angles you may find the are small residue or haze remaining on the surface. A bright light just helps clarify the situation of removing any haze remaining on the element.
Fantastic & useful, great!
Thank you for sharing such good tips!
Thank you mate. That was aome good tips
Just want to say Thank you for sharing this knowledge with us.  Th8s knowledge that Money can’t buy.    Thank you  I’m shawn
You made my day. I am so happy you mentioned to not use plastic thank you! awesome vid
I am surprised that you don't have a single person subscribed to your channel. Well... I will play my part in keeping it this way...😀. Very nice video.
Only clicked to see if this was Patrick Stewart
Excellent video, some great tips easily applied nicely explained hence my subscription, cheers!
agree with all your tips except the clean lens idea. with my lens (45mm f2 minolta closed at it's f5.6 peak sharpness) that i cleaned (very rarely) during the last 4 years with the bottom my tee shirt so it must be dirty. i tried your q-tips cleaning method and i saw zero improvement in sharpness. intuitively what is on the surface of the lens is completely out of focus so it it add large blurry spots that affects the lower frequencies of the image not the high frequencies were we are looking for sharpness. i will try spraying coffee on my lens front element and i'll redo the test to see if there is any improvement in sharpness, i bet there will be zero difference in sharpness and that it will just add global darkness to the image, if we think about it, a nd filter is just a clear filter with microscopic stains blocking light and thus darkening the image, do all nd filters reduce sharpness ?
Nice effective and simple guide. I was so happy seeing someone care about the environment, too!
awesome Video and valuable instructions to be followed. Thanks Gavin.
Fist Time I've come across your channel, must say thanks, most informative and refreshing. I have been having the same problems with the "softness" in some images, will get the bits & bobs into action, one again thanks!!!!! Now subscribed :)
Great video, i cleaning my lenses like you show It and there are very clean. Just with water and a coton earstick.
Great down to earth explanations.  Thanks.
WELL DONE! Thanks ! Sometimes we forget the basics of how things work in the 'real' world
We can use Tissue papers instead of Q tips know...
Nice. Leveling the camera only works properly if your target (table) is perfectly level as well. What ever happened to old-fashioned lens paper and lens cleaning fluid?
Thank You
Good advice there thanks :)
Very good tips and trics. However the sharpness of a zoom lens, depends also on the amount of zoom you use.(most of the times in the center of the range)
He dont know anything abot cleaning lens. All is wrong.
Love your commitment to our world!
I work in a municipal drinking water lab and a professional comes in to calibrate and clean the microscopes once a year using q-tips and a Windex like cleaner and the difference in the scopes is like night and day. I use lens cleaner for lenses. I also use pre-moistened microfiber towelettes from CVS (Walgreens, B.J.'s, etc.). If the lens is not too dirty they work fine (yes they are good enough for camera lenses).
So its not about sharp images. Its about just cleaning lenses…
Excellent video;  thank you, Sir.  I am sending this as must see to my photographer friends;  well done
Good job or the eco-friendly reminders. That is important.
Awesome video, thank you.
we here in the US have these things called UV filters that prevent dust and other junk from getting onto our lenses
Thank you. I so appreciate you focusing on using environmentally friendly tools!
Man, what shutter speed did you set your camera to for this video? VERY trippy.
I love how you recommend not buying plastic q-tips. I don't think I've ever seen anyone say that when talking about q-tips. Hats off.
First time watching your videos, I love them already! Especially the little things like not telling people to use plastic buds...great!
Brilliant! Thank you. Straightforward and crystal clear - especially the calibration method. I’ll be giving that a spin.
Hi Gavin,  Can you use lens cleaner solution for your glasses or use rubbing alcohol to clean your camera lens?
Using a Q-tip on a lens is asking for trouble.  Don't do it.
good session-loved the eco friendliness n explanation. tho if u could put the few pictures together that u compared with-it might be easier to visualize- as i didnt know what u were talking about until i went back n forth
I would recommend NOT using bottled or distilled water. Optics and electronics manufacturers use DI water (deionized water) in manufacturing. Here in the USA it is available in upscale food stores such as Whole Foods from bulk dispensing machines at less than 50 cents usd per gallon. Be sure to use a new bottle that caps tightly. Generally using a cotton swab risks potential grit contamination in the cotton if it is cheap. DO NOT drink DI water ... it can demineralize your body ... why it works so well for cleaning. You will find you do not have to be so vigorous with the swab with DI. DI leaves no deposits.
Most lenses are designed so their sweet spot is between 5.6 and 8
But I don't have any British coins. :(
Thanks!  A great video!  Like your conservation ethics as well!
Great video, thanks Gavin. Only thing is when you calibrate your lens or shot f-stop test I'd recommend to do it with button release or IR or timer. It may get better and more accurate results. The tripod is for what we want to avoid - shaking camera. VR obviously off. Thanks and keep doing this great job. Regards
You are not SHARP, even out of focus
Gavin, Can I ask what tripod you are using please? Thank you.
Great info, thanks for sharing. Really people mount the lens hood the wrong way??
I use when i can get them high quality German B+W filters it just makes so much more sense to me, a scratch or mark on a filter is not great but cheaper to replace than the front element of a lens , i accept that not every one wants to use filters but it is sheer madness in my humble opinion not to offer some sort of protection to a lens front elment. I just cant see the logic of not using a protective filter. I send kit back to nikon every few years for professional servicing, your car gets serviced so why would you not service your camera equipment if your a working professional. when your income depends on your equipment then your really not in a position not to keep your equipment in tip top condition. If your just a happy snapper then  things are not quiet so crtical !!!!!
Gavin, just ignore those cretins. Saving the planet from plastics is always a good thing. I’m pleased you mentioned it in your video which was very good, of course. There are some great tips in it (excuse the pun) and I will think more closely about my lenses in future. Keep up the good work and I look forward to your next video. Cheers JohnnyG.
Lost for words As a full time working professional who has invested thousands of ££££ in cameras and lenses where are your protective screw in filters such as a sky light or uv filter , the first thing i always do with a new lens it put on a protective filter, which if damaged is easier to clean than the front element of your lens, by all means if your a heavy user get your equipment professionaly  calibrated if required
At last a video without music! Than someone looking in the lens! And a variety in standpoints. You know how to make a how to video. So thumbs up big time.
Thank you so much ，very practical，like your video
Good one .. Thanks !!
Which is worse tap water or lens cloth? I hated how lens cloth was leaving streeks on my lens, so somebody told me about qtips and water, but never specified to use distill water, so I've been using tap, so far it made it look pretty clean (I will switch to distill), but just wanted to know if I damaged my lens?
Gavin Parsons, that was a great video on your lens tricks, thanks for sharing.
Mineral water is a really bad idea, it puts a lot micro-deposit on the lens... I have a better tip (it cost X2 VS yours, but it's by far cheaper for the long-term: Use a special polyester towel that turns into cloth in contact with liquids (like this one: v=92zsTnnswo4) or just use ordinary cotton....and instead of water, uses a good quality Window Cleaning Detergents.. You can't imagine how this combination work perfectly on lenses.. PS: if you get a hard soiling (a splash of paint on your lens for exp), use any liquid with ethanol+acetone (DON'T TOUCH ANY PLASTICS ON YOUR LENS OR CAMERA WITH IT), the best way to get it, is to steal a little from your girl (the liquid with what they take off their nail polish)
Instant like for the Q-tip Life Tip.
Great video.  Makes a change to hear someone English.
That's the best explanation I''ve heard in a long while on those subjects, well done!
Love love that you talk about ethical consumerism in such a matter of fact way! You're a hero. Re cleaning with water, if its grease you're removing the water did nothing but make you feel good. It was the gentle cleaning with the dry end of the Qtip that actually did it.
Not sure why you feel the need to convert to dollars.....I'm sure the US viewers can understand GBP...anyway, water will not act as a solvent for oily marks, so this doesn;t work as well as you suggest, in my experience. There's plenty of little sprays you can buy that DO work, so I'll stick to these. I do appreciate you making the effort to post videos, however....so keep 'em coming.
time to go clean and test my lenses thanks for the great tips
I do this for 30 years and you actually don’t need to circle around in small movements. Moving around in star patterns works best. And there’s no need to make the surface too wet.
what a stupid video ..... anyone who takes pictures clean their lenses and do it properly  . fucking you tube wanna be .... whose are you trying to educate? ... who is you’re audience? ... for fucks sake ....sharpictures don’t come from lens cleaning
whoa...  Mineral water-tap water??  Boy do you have aa rubbish supply
Came to learn how to clean my lens, now I'm booked for a protest trip on a Greenpeace boat, wut  :-0
Making sure the coins are on a level surface will help also.
Focus and shake account for far more "unsharp" images than slight lens contaminants. I agree re: classic Q-tips with paper shafts, but as all materials put into trash end up buried in landfills, which by definition are designed NOT to ever decompose or biodegrade, I guarantee zero of your personal plastic waste will magically show up next week in an ocean off Madagascar. Soft cotton lens cloths leave no more or less lint than Q tips, and scratch only if contaminants are trapped in them. Soft and residue free save the coatings. Mineral water is not distilled water; many have uh, like, minerals - enhancing flavor, but also risking slight deposits. Think how rain water, seemingly pure, can leave very obstinate spots on cars. Coated lenses have made huge gains in internal glare and diffusion, but the lens shade certainly is a free way to get the last bit of advantage.
Nothing new to me, but I liked much your approach to film an episode. Thanks
Good advice but doesn't have to be 16 min long.....
Excellent definition... Thank you
Well done. Cheers.
😨You're simply an idiot that causes people to scratch their camera lens that may have sand on the lens (small stones). I am both surprised and angry that someone can believe in themselves so much and completely openly prove so incredibly stupid. Your video is made for people to destroy their lenses. Never ever scrub, with anything before the lens is clean from dirt. And if your care for your lens you can remove tings/dirt with many tings before you start the real cleaning. I use model clay or child model clay. But you can also use electric tape to gently pick up things on the lens. Or if it's very expensive, it might even be possible to rinse off the side with water. But absolutely NEVER begin to scrub as you show.😨😠😱
Awesome. Thanks you for taking the time to make your videos. Really helped. Cheers :D
Warning, this operatione is partially wrong and dangerous for your lens. Always, always, always blow some air with a pump before doing this. This because you must eliminate any grain. A grain of sand is harder than glass and it could cause serious scratch on your frontal elements.
Thank you for the tip! And thank you even more for being so environmentally conscious.
Excellent video for an old fart like me who is trying to learn all this stuff and get great pics. I am going to try your advice and see what happens. Thank you!!
what's wrong if you use rubbing alcohol?   Works great on me spectacles...
this is quite the deep end of photo videos...but oddly satisfying...but thanks for the q-tips things...who would flush it down the toilet...I know people do what is very dumb.
Thanks for the DIY share.
Well done, simple & effective. Your comments about the planet & plastic are well founded. Those that have a problem with that good information should check out the pacific ocean garbage patch. Just as a suggestion a cable release might also be helpful for almost any shots when possible &  tact sharp is needed. Cheers
Gavin, you have taught an old dog some very useful things about sharpness.  This is information that I can really use to improve the sharpness of my images.  Thank you for your efforts in bringing this information to all photographers.
This was fantastic! So helpful! Thank you.
Thx for this video.
This video about sharp lens or plastic & wildlife....  Clickbair mate????
Where in the UK do you buy distilled water for 30p?
you should have used  the timer release as the shutter speed at lower f/stops sounded a lot longer. even on a tripod you can introduce camera shake at each release
Brilliant, mate
Pretty much the same technique used to spit-shine boots.  Works like a charm.
Is that the slik 700dx or the 500dx, thanks for the video!!
Thanks for saving the planet and getting on my nerves after only 3 minutes! Calotherm Cloth and lens cleaner is what you need!
"Why a metal ruler,if you haven't worked it out by now i hate plastic" hahahah..great info..simple and immensely effective..thanks..subbed.
Thank You!
Tee shirt...... Done!
Very informative, thank you!
You need to make a video about that gorgeous espresso machine!
For calibrating the lens, it would be nice to know how far the subject should be from the camera. I ask this, because I have a 35mm, a 50mm & a medium zoom 24-120mm.
Sharpness is also determined by fast shutter speeds, above 1/500th sec with a normal focal length lens.
A bottle of water is definitely not 30p.
My frustration was answered in your video. I cannot thank you enough, it was priceless!.;o)
Hey Gavin! Absolutely love this video!
I was with you right up to the point where your said "I hate plastic".   The fact is you would be would not have most of the things you use today without the revolution in materials science, design and engineering  brought about by use of plastics (polymers). People who decry "plastic", have really not  understood what they would lose, or would be affordable,  without synthetic materials - from the clothes you are wearing to your carpets, curtains, cars, cabling...  - and that's just the letter C.  The savvy marketing peoples line about using "premium materials" (stand up and take a bow Apple Inc - would presumably design your furniture with glass and stainless steel (or should it be leather - watch out cows - or paper (you too trees).  It is  non-recyclable, disposable plastics and the thoughtless/ignorant disposal of recyclable items that is the problem. NOT "plastic". To demonise (ize?) "plastic" in this way is pretty blinkered.   .
As of 1:11 you made me laugh, hahahahaha. Thank you for the advices ;-).
thumbs up for the environmental concern
Now you just need to learn to get sharp video.
Good video, greetings from France.
This is a very good video, thank you
AUD please :-)
Awesome! Especially about the ear things! A lot of people still don’t get it...
Thanks so much. This simple information was what I needed.
Good advice Gavin! I would also keep a UV filter on (and keep that clean) also depending lens focal length and shutter speed, use a tripod! Cheers
Thank you for that simple cleaning instructions. It's often enough the case that you're scared to scratch it so you do nothing at all :-D
Didn't come here for a recycling lecture......keep it to yourself.
Thank you Simple and great
Haven't tried this method - looks to be rather tedious... Usually I use a designated (brand new) microfiber cloth - and water  - usually distilled - DEFINITELY NOT  mineral water  specified eyeglass cleaning solution is good but should  be sparsely..               but N  E  V  E  R  EVER  use household glass cleaners even if you're in a bind.   Using lens paper tissues work well but N E V E R spray directly on the lens  instead spray it on your lens paper or fiber cloth because spraying directly onto your lens is the Fastest way to introduce moisture and crud inside the lens as well could create other unforeseen problems. OH and one more thing... NEVER breathe on your lens either... this will adhear any dust particles in the air to attach to your lens while you quickly try to wipe it off.
waw nice reminder about the q-tips... I will focus on only using the paper ones from now on...
It’s a very good way to clean your lense 👍
I bought 500 small microfiber cloths, I keep a ziplock bag with 20 in my camera bag for 1 use and throw away.
thank you very much.
The sweet spot test needs to be done at different increments of focal length?
Never got to see it- I came to see a camera tip, not a ecology class.  should have been a warning that we were going to have that eco-SJW stuff pushed upon us before we got the camera help.  ..Joe
Also autofocus micro-adjustments on a zoom lens (like the 24-85mm you're using) can be problematical. Quite often you might get, for example,  -5 correction needed for 24mm end and say, +10 needed at 85mm end. Choosing either of these will seriously degrade the lens performance for the other focal length. Best options are, if the values are widely separated, either choose a value mid-point or, preferably check back on the lens usage and see which focal length is used the most an calibrate for that. Depth of Field at 85mm will be less so maybe better to adjust for that as this won't be such a problem at 24mm. If the values are too widely spaced and you're unhappy with sharpness only real option is to replace the lens. Sounds drastic but chances are that the camera and lens construction tolerances were at the extremes of quality control - both fine individually but when together they compound the problem.
you think water will remove oil? I disagree. you need alcohol such as isopropanol added to the water
Useful info, but assumes viewer knows about camera shake/vibration as cause of sharpness loss (e.g., camera on tripod on windy day or image stabilization turned on when it would be inadvisable to have IM active.). Passing mention in the vid would make for more complete info.
One added tip .When zeiss and leica do a recommendation for cleaning microscopes in labs around the world ,They reccomend 25ml of distilled water and 2 drops of fairy washing up liquid and proceed as directed by you ,I have used this method when people send me their lenses for repair and service .Its important to use a fresh water mix each time you clean a new lens as this sollution has a short lifespan .
If I shoot landscape photos with filters, should I also try make a lens hood, as it wont fit on the lens if using filters ?
It all depends on the condition of the lens. Your method is rather temporary.
Brilliant, but I would not use mineral water as iT contains Calcium, Phosphates, Nitrates, magnesium, well read the label. They are only parts per million but will remain on lens by evaporation. Just use distilled water, but great advice. And lens hood protects front element so no need to ruin image quality by fitting a cheap crappy UV filter. Subscribed. You could do a video on how to use pop out round reflectors, reflecting light down onto face rather than uplighting the face like most idiots use them, lol.
Thanks for showing this method of lens calibration, I'm off to try it out. My last attempt was a little hit and miss over my seven lenses. I like the look and simplisity of this technique cant wait to get it done.
Thank you so much, very good. Greetings from Germany
Finally some good cost effective advice from a pome that's worth listening too, winks from kiwi whom just tripped over your channel by accident. about Calibrating your lens does that information of Calibrating stay in camera or lens? I've often wondered about this, I use canon gear and know of the Calibrating function but been shy of using it
Simple instructions that worth more than 5 barks, thanks a million.
Is this guy joking? Who as time for Qtip polishing lol
All this makes a lot of sense, however how do you determine the sweet spot of a zoom lens? .
Microfiber cloths come in bundles and do a great job in short time. The rest is very pragmatic
Never put on your lenshood in the reverse direction as in the beginning of this video. With a lenshood properly put on you get a lot less fingerprints and dirt on your lens in the first place, and what ever dirt that gets on the lens anyway will be less visible in your images.  A lenshood also protects your front element from bumping into things and get damaged.   Ah, I commented a bit early you got this in the end of the video:-)
Mineral water leaves deposit when they dry. Q-tips also sometimes shed cotton fiber.
Amazing!
