Just made 13lbs of this amazing sausage. My first attempt, and was very pleased with the results. I had 7 lbs of skinless thighs, 5 lbs of skinless breast. I added at least a pound of pork fat. My wife was horrified that I was adding that much fat, but when cooking patties, the pan was dry. She loves, so I love it too. Thanks Josie. Big home run on this recipe
You have a lovely voice. It’s a pleasure listening to you speak.
Rolled oats! Eggs?  Sounds crazy. But I’m gonna make this and get back to you.
Thank you for sharing.   Will definitely try.
Thank you, for your lovely recipe. Do you have one for a chicken recipe for something like Portuguese Peri Peri Chicken? I would love to try make sausage like this 😜😋🤤
Can you do this without the oats? Or doe the oats act as a binder witht he eggs?
I must be blind.  I have been looking high and low for the recipe; in particular the mix of spices and herbs but I cannot see the types of spices or herbs that you have used.
I have a meat mixer when you get yours you will love it you will like it even better if you get to kind you can hook to your meat grinder but it's not necessary
I see no way to print this
Between Fresh Royal Gala, Fresh Granny Smith and Fresh Honey Crisp Apples, which ones do You think are the best ones for this recipe?
Between Fresh Royal Gala, Fresh Granny Smith and Fresh Honey Crisp Apples, which ones do You think are the best ones for this recipe?
I see that You have a more recent chicken making sausage video made 10 months ago. Is it a better version of this one since You may have gained more experience over the past 4 years? I see You made many alterations. No more garlic and herb seasoning, no more apples, no more celery salt, no more garlic powder, oatmeal instead of rolled oats, addition of white cheddar cheese. Please enlighten Me. Which one is the better recipe?
What do I substitute dehydrated apples with? I find it very hard to get dehydrated dehydrated apples.
Add some Italian bread crumbs to that mixture as well and some chili flakes!!!
I am so thankful to have found this recipe today as I have been unable to find several of my favorite organic chicken sausage brands in my area.  I spent hours on the internet attempting to find companies that would ship to my area, with no success.  Now, my problem has been solved!  I can make them myself with your WONDERFUL recipe!!  Thank You So Much!!  Looking forward to learning more from your cooking videos!
Looks good
i just tried it tonight. it is delish tho just not 5 stars. 3.5 tho
Malzemeleri yazarmısınız
it was a great start, then suddenly it went to the end, I have no idea where the eggs went; I know it went to the fridge at first, the pictures are of links but no instruction on how to make the links hahahaha
Pardon me I got all distracted by that unique chopper.  Where'd you get that? What's it called.
super thank you
It looks good. I am going to try..
Hello, Robert Henson  Channel here and I am your new fans, watching and enjoying all your recipes, sorta love it already.  Found your channel on my  analystic on one of my sausage video. This video has brought me traffic, so i personally would like to say big thanks 🙏 God bless
Looks great. Gonna try it soon.
One of the best I have seen 👍
Where did you get that mini mezzaluna? It's neat. I use an electric coffee grinder for rosemary and woody herbs. Nice job on the video.
How long do they last in freezer?
What size grind plate do you recommend?  Second, can I add pink curing salt to mixture then smoke this sausage?  Your recipe just looks awesome, mouth is just watering.
Super video.. Liked it... How do you guys do the skin for this pls
Say Miss good cooking if you want more subscribers you need to put your recipe and measurements down below you may not need me as a subscriber but I have no problem with it I will not subscribe until I see you're recipe and measurements all u are you doing is demonstrating .
Hi mam, dehydrated apples are not available here. What could you suggest is the next best thing as a substitute? I am really inspired by you sausage making videos and i want to start making my own. Thank you so much.
I loved the video and enjoyed every moment of the commentary drooling all the while. Fab outcome. Great video. Thanks ma'am.
Thank you for your awesome videos. I toying with getting into making my own sausage. As a beginner do you feel getting a grinder and sausage stuffer in one is worth. It or should I invest in a separate grinder and stuffer. Thank you for your time.
One of the best chicken sausage recipe 👍 Thanks 🙏
looks great very nice
Question: I see there are some sausages that are thin and other are fat and plum - how do we control the size? I am looking to make fat thick ones. please help.
Thank you!! All of my favorite flavors.
Complex but I will try a small batch soon..
Beautiful 💕 looking for a recipe for when we butcher our chickens I love this one
This is Food ASMR for me!  By the way, can we use this in pizzas?
Azigago chisinipica exland sooriy thanks ......
Hey aunty im from trinidad an i love you recipe but i would like to know if u can go a video with a smaller amount of meat because i have a small family please an thanks u.keep up the great job
Looks delicious
This is too much ingredients ☹️
I like the way you cooked sausages,thank you
Please please tell me where you got the hand help chopper.  Thank you and love the video. xo
Looks awesome
The amount of each ingredient to add for your chicken sausage recipe
How long before the mixture expire
What a delicious recipe. Thanks for sharing. I'm sure these chicken sausages taste delicious😋
Your sausages look AMAZING!! I actually just did a video on homemade Skinless Chicken sausages. They came out awesome!! I love adding my favorite flavors to make them my own.
damm invite me over for breakfast  why dont you  ?  i love sausage and have cholesterol issues  so  im starting to make my own
The recipe in the link is a bit different, do you have the recipe right from this video?
That looks incredibly delicious. I would burry my face in that like a starving dog.
hey can u send me that recipe to me 424 219 8603 i cook and cater i would like to try that
Im so glad i found your recipe site yum yum yum yum How do you do the links howvlong can you freeze it
MMM GOOD!!!
yum yum yum,this looks so good..I don't eat pork anymore so chicken sausage is perfect for me :) great video my friend
josie... I love your relaxed style of cooking. Food is sustenance and therapy.
I like your commentary and videos and very much would like to trade emails about sausage making I'm new to sausage making and I don't want to make a lot of mistakes. I have several questions about making sausages. 1. Binders can you use powdered milk as a binder instead of fat? What fat ratios should you use to meat? My email address is pacomtrad@sbcglobal.net, or my phone number is 619.709.4002 my name is Arthur I hope to hear from you soon.
What size grinding blade did you use to grind the chicken? I have made chicken sausage before with the fine blade and it was grainy. Did the oatmeal help bind it together?
Can I skip the seasoning salt
Thanks, I appreciate all your sausage videos. May the Lord bless you with many more years of sausage making!
Looks great 👍 what meat grinder do you have please? Trying to figure out what size to buy!
Sausage looks excellent. I have a mixer like that, not a LEM, but a similar one it will hold 20lbs of meat. I do like it.
You have a wonderfully comprehensive and helpful site.  Please, keep up your good work - and play hard when you have time.
What kind of casings do you use for this sausage?
Hi Josie, am from Trinidad and Tobago from the Caribbean, just saw your recipe and find it healthy, even if you eat meat, there is still the healthy element of spinach everyone. I'll try the cheese included, with garlic, give more recipes, bye.
I know you have several other recipes but I now refer to you as my sausage lady! Loved this one! God Bless and thank you Ma'am!
How can I get your recipe
where is the recipe at..?
This so fresh and wonderful!  I have never attempted to make my own sausage.
Just made a twelve pound batch per your posted recipe and followed it exactly. This is a fantastic, tasty recipe! A keeper for sure! Thank you so much!
Looks awesome Josie !!!!!. I love your sausage making videos (especially love your enthusiasm)!. I'll give this recipe a try for sure !. Marty (The sausage Meistersinger)..
Great job , looks delish , may I ask what role does the oats play?
OMG that looks great
We love your sausage videos!  We'd love to see more!  Keep up the great work!
this recipe has so many layers of flavors, it looks incredible
that looks so good.
Well this my attempt to show a pic of the sausage....crossing fingers.  I wondered how yours looked so neat in the vacuum bags.....plastic wrap first.  Mental note! https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ui=2&ik=a42d8d0bfc&view=att&th=159801746591c787&attid=0.1&disp=safe&zw
Hello Josie...I just finished the first batch on the new LEM #5.  I followed this recipe exactly and it turned out so very good.  Thank You!  Im wondering about the garlic infused olive oil.  It was expensive where we got it and the recipe calls for a fair amount of it.  How would you feel about using regular olive oil and adding more minced garlic in place of the garlic infused olive oil.   Thanks again.....Gene
😋😋😋😋
new to your channel  Josie
beautiful ,boy does this sound great ,thanks great job , beautiful voice
Mouth Watering!!! Merry Christmas & God Bless
Oh ma goodness! It looks so delicious, and i am sure it tastes as good as it looks. I am gonna make this one, Thank you heaps for sharing. Bless you my friend. I will let you know how mine came out.
Love your videos. Very unique approach and good quality. You make me want to make things, nice job. Keep it up! And thank you
Great looking sausage, will have to try that one, looks like it has a lot of flavor.....very nice
nice sausage recipe. those cheeses seem to set it off, Josie. if you don't mind sending over a good mailing address...I'd like to send a Christmas card
Wow Josie, you were right, this looks GREAT! I have a couple questions for you, next time I see you at the store lol
Am coming over.....looks good,you should make a cooking book
those links look really good.  perfect color
that looks so good!!!!
