Hes a real electrician. You can tell by his use of pliers as a hammer!
I have Siemens sub panel outside I like to install GFCI directly on the right side of the panel there are pre cut large knockouts marked on the bottom right side can these be knocked out and how can I fit in my outlet on round knockout  I’m confused
you don’t have to ground your device ?
Why does the ground wire have to be up if it's 36in or higher?
Excellent tutorial. Precise & to the point, thank you so much.😊
This video makes me feel like I should have the confidence to do it myself lol thank you! My only question is at 3:18-3:20, are you turning each wire into a hook/curve at there ends❓️
thank you very much for this video
Wow this is genuinely the best how to video I’ve ever seen! Great job!!!
Thank you for this.  It came as a surprise to me that neutral and ground connect to the same bus bar.  Is that typical?
bro you are a life savior im trying to build a server and i need some high wattage and this video is awesome straight to the point and well thought out in the way it was executed i appreciate it a lot all i gotta do is wire this puppy up to the breaker plug my pdu in and im good to go thanks to you much love
Excellent video. The step by step is very informative.
Thank you so much.
Test the GFCI. Jobs done. Video over.
Great video
My outlet is ungrounded with a GFCI on it, It is still causing me problems and letting the electricty loose and going to me when im sleeping. Is there an easy way to completely disconnect the outlet from the breaker box, so that way it never has electricity coming from it again
Thank you
Thanks I’m not well versed in neutral and ground wires you showed me exactly what I need to do thank you sir!!!!
Straight forward. Beautiful. Thabk you.
This guy is the real deal...such a professional!!!thanks for the help!!
In my house there is no breaker box, all wires are just mounted to hardboard and looks like spider on wall. Is there a way to fix a breaker box?
Aren’t you required to ground to the box too? Everything I see shows grounding at the box in addition to the ground on the bus bar in the panel? Why, I have no idea.
Thanks for taking your time providing us, with such a clear instructional video
Great video thank you
Thank you for this. So, in the case of a power outage, a small generator would be safe to plug directly into the new outlet to power your home? Thanks again.
Great video
Agrred, Very well edited. I was looking for info on using thoses box spacers. Well done.
He turned the power back on, the red light warned, then it blew up. .... and the video abruptly ends.  He didn't want to show us the rest. No, I joke.  He did good.
Great idea
When we moved into our new house, I noticed a GFCI outlet that was installed right under the panel and connected to one of the 20 amp breakers along with another set of wire. No idea why this was installed in the first place. Now that I see HOW it was installed, I plan on removing it since I don't need it. Love your idea about using a cardboard to cover your main lug.  Very straight forward. Thanks
I finally found what Ive been kooking for. All I wanted to do is run a single outlet to its own 20amp breaker. Thank you SOOO MUCH!
I like the pace and clarity of your video. We’ll done. Couple questions tho, does the box spacer also serve as cable clamps? Also, no grounding pigtail from receptacle to back of box . Can you clarify the grounding/bonding involved in this project? Cheers!
Question: is the ground wire you ran strictly necessary in this panel, or is the spacer essentially a conduit, and that counts as bonding to the ground on the panel? My panel has separate grounding bars (screwed directly into the box) from the neutral bus, and I know conduit counts as an EGC here. I guess I may as well use my offset-nipple-conduit as the EGC if it's bonded on the same place.
1:32 you can tell he knows what he's doing, because that's a proper electrician's hammer.
Gosh. I wish my main panel had a main shut off like this. This should be code or maybe it is but just not installed on the panel I am working with..... ugh
I absolutely love this video. It's the only one showing completely how to go from breaker switch to a power outlet/ and or extension cord. Thank you!
While feeding a metal fish tape through an open panel, I let go of the tape and it swung against the panel's feed line. Of course I knew those lines were live, but the exertion of feeding wires made me inattentive. It burned through my metal tape in a fraction of a heartbeat, blew sparks at me, and gave me a new and lasting respect for electricity. I'm lucky to be here. Turn off the panel and cover those lines.
Wouldnt it simply make more sense to connect the wires to the breaker first and then simply flip the breaker so you only have to have your main power off for like 1 minute rather than 20 minutes while you set up the outlet?
Just a quick thank you.. this video was my go-to for adding an outlet to my pool pump sub-panel.   You covered everything and made it simple.  Project complete and no tripped breakers, shocks or mishaps.
Excellent video!!!
Thanks for the video, hope I didn't miss this in your video..... when replacing a main panel, if the wires are too short,  can a splice be added using wire nuts, where the wire nut connections would be contained in the main panel box?
Best How to video ever!! Great job!
Absolutely the best HowTo video I have seen in a very long time. Thanks! Definitely going to sub to your channel! Thank you!
No sound
have a circuit breaker that now works in when in the off position, and doesn't work in the on position. I just did some rewiring, and am an amateur. I messed something up somewhere.  What could it be ? Is it dangerous ?
Why did you choose a lower position on the bus bar for the new breaker?
Can you run another outlet from the gfci?
thank you
I checked with my village and they said no :(
Thanks for the video! 👍
I see you're using a Veto Pro Pac OT-MC.. good choice my friend!
Why do we need GFCI for this outlet?
Knowing and Teaching are poles apart. Sir, you are a natural teacher. Thank you.
Question: Why are knockouts so free difficult to remove sometimes? Is it a vicious plot to separate the pros from the newbs? Of all the DIY wiring I do it seems dealing with knockouts is a sure fire way to hurt myself, damage something or both!
I took a class at a tech school where we were supposed to learn about this at the tail end of the year , but it got cut off for corona and the like , this video told me everything I missed , thank you for this vid !
Awesome, I wish you had another video showing how to wire electrical box further from the panel
Thank you very much, you showed me exactly what I am looking for, I try to install a 3 phase 4 wire box to my workshop. Thanks again.
I would like to see "how to know if your box has the capacity to accept a new circuit".  You said you were putting in a new 20 amp circuit.  Are there any times when you can't do that?
Fucking beautifully done my friends
Do i have to take off the electric meter before i begin?
SO you connect the ground AND the neutral to the neutral?!
Excellent video! I just subscribed!
Finally a video that makes sense and makes understand so simple and easy. There’s really isn’t a video on this. Lol. Thank you!
excellent, to the point, slow and steady explaining the steps, outstanding editing job. Thank you so much.
thanks....good info...but what if the outlet is on the 3rd floor....?
At the risk of sounding stupid....why put both neutral and ground on neutral bar?
Question!! The ground wire a neutral wire  go to the same hole ? You didn’t showed that clearly? Thanks
wow so helpful
Have questions regarding adding a breaker to existing box...no slots that I see available but the solar panel salesman is saying we can move breaker down for a new slot?
I want to install my mini fridge in my home office but the power keeps tripping. Is there a way I can increase the capacity?   Very informative video, thanks!
Great video
Great video,  a close up of the wiring would have been nice.
The morons at my house had all the neutrals on the wrong brakes and to make thing worse im trying to add 4 new ckts but the sub panel for the house is only 60amp don't want to over load
Hey FIX IT Have you ever though of doing anything outside of what your doing now to earn extra income?
I just watched your video It has been years since I assisted my Father in-Law  ( He is/was an Electrician).Your video was a great shot in the arm for me. I just added a dedicated 20 AMP Circuit for our new Built in Microwave.... My wife Thanks you......One less thing on the "Honey Do List"   Thank you
Check with my village? Why a village?
Excellent video thia was very helpful and very professional. You should become a teacher
agreed.. this guy should do seminars on how to do videos.. clear.. to the point and well explained.
If i add a outlet for my microwave what size breaker & outlet size would i need?
Great video.  Thank you!
Thank you for making this video in such a great format!  To the point and so helpful. You just got yourself a new subscriber 😊
My breaker panel is outside, can I do this same thing outdoors? I was looking at my options the other day and seen these "outdoor" boxes but it had 3 1/2" threaded plugs on it. Would I just have to get 1/2 threaded pipe to attach it to the box? If so would I just stick the pipe through the hole in the panel then put a nut on the inside to hold it in place? What you are doing here just seems much more simple and would rather do it this way and maybe put some kind of waterproof cover over the outlet?
Can 2 gfci go on one breaker
Very well done! You make it look easy while paying respect to the danger involved, Very clear instructions, easy to do the way you show it! Thank you!
Rofl check with your village
Why didnt you ground the metal box?
so wait. Wouldn't installing the neutral and the ground on the same bus mean that the ground wire constantly has a current on it?
What's the easiest way to chase down and add a ground wire to an old two hole outlet to add a three hole outlet?
So the neutral and the ground wire go on the ground bus bar?
Do you think 8 gauge wire will fit a 15 amp breaker?
Sheesh, to the point, I like it.
Step 1. Check with your village.
Great presentation, thank you.  Question:  You knocked out two slots on the breaker box, and 2 on the addition box, but only needed one for the new wire.  Was one for just securing the new box to the breaker box?  I wish you would have showed the box to breaker box connection in the video.  But,, great video.
Curious question, I'm by no means an electrician or correcting anything you did. Would it be better to attach the ground and neutral 1st in case of a mishap somehow, the voltage has a path to ground ? Thanks just curious.
Great Video.  More of a code question, but I'm curious. I have a GFI outlet already connected to my box just like the video and I'm wondering if i'm allowed to run more outlets in my basement on this circuit, or if this receptacle is intended to be by itself per code?  Thank you.
Subscribed
I want to change the receptacle attached to the main from an old one outlet version, to two outlet receptacle.   Is there any codes that prohibit doing this? Clearly your gfci is 2 outlets, not sure why there is a 1 outlet version in mine.  Your video had one too.
I want you to know you made something difficult for ME very easy to install. Very good video and a thumbs up.:)
hello,  one of the main ground  cable that runs from outside and connects to the braker box its almost disconnect it. the nut thats holds this thick ground wire is very tightly but the ground  wire is only connected by half of the wire.  can i disconnect this ground strip an inch and reconnect  it and not having problems in the circuits,or electrocution...?? thanks so much.  one ground connects to the braker  box (the wire to be fix) the other ground to the neutral bar.
So how do you do the same exact thing as in the video - if the breaker box is set in the dry wall and studs are located on the side panels? Convention garage in the wall breaker box.
Great video but i followed it to the T and my plug has power when i test it but no power is runing to my tv what could be the problem
Awesome and helpful
Job well done, both in the panel and the tight video. Done and done.
I am installing a 50 amp breaker for my generator. I need to move two single pole breakers. The trouble is the wire comes in from the top and I want to move them to the bottom, however the wires are to short. Is there a way to lengthen these wires?
This was so informative I’m mad it took me almost 2 year to find this video make me more confident to go in the box if i ever need to
Hello, first I wanted to say thank you for the great how to video. Its going to be such a help for my upcoming project. I see that you have been replying back to most comments, so Im going to take a shot and see if you wouldn't mind answering a question for me as well? I am currently in the process of turning my garage into a workshop and I wanted to add additional outlets for all my tools. Their is only one outlet in the entire garage and instead of tying into it, I wanted to run them all into their own circuit on my panel, as you've done here. My main question is how many outlets can I have on the same 20v circuit without blowing the fuse? The way I designed the outlets is to have one every 3 feet or so on one long strip of conduit down a 24ft wall. I will have all my power tools along this wall connected to those outlets, such as miter saw, table saw, drill press, etc... I hope I am explaining myself correctly haha? The only thing different I'm playing on doing is maybe having a 220 for any tools that might need it. Again, any help you can offer at all will be so appreciated, you have no idea. Thanks in advance!
Any particular reason you put the box up so high?  Most outlets are a couple of feet off the floor.
I'm trying to add multiple outlets to my basement. There's only one down there. Would I add a new breaker for each of the outlets or is it possible to wire all of them to one breaker similar to other parts of the house? Also I want them to be scattered around the room so would this method work still, if I dont want the outlet right up against the breaker box? I've been searching all day and so far this is the only video that helped. I'm just out of my zone here so I still have a couple questions. But this video definitely makes it easy to understand for the inexperienced people watching. Great work!
Should neutral and ground wire be mounted in same strip?
so if you ran wire like this through a pipe and put that into the ground you could route it to a shed near by?
I need to do this in my garage but I'm having a hard time tracking down the box and spacers you used. Where did you get them?
Where’s the code that says the ground has to be up when it’s 36 inches off the floor. Tell me.
I have an outlet that is connected to a wire in the wall, but was not connected to the breaker. It was left free in the attic. Do I need to connect it to it’s on breaker or can I splice it in to the ceiling light?
If my outlet isn't going to be right next to the box, would i just run the wires through conduit until it gets to where I need the outlet to be located?
Lmaooo 22 videos later and i finally find one that shows me how to install "the other end of the wire." Work done right bro
That outlet is upside down. Did you do put the outlets in my house?
So the green ground u put it were all the white goes????
Thank you for the informative video :) I have questions about the electric panel in my house.   Question : a.)   is there a maximum distance I can run a wire from a 15 or 20 amp  breaker to a run of 4 or 5  outlets and a light switch ?  I'd like to replace a yellow 12/2 residential wire (romex ?) w/ a grey  UF (direct bury) wire that feeds a shed / shop in my yard. Thanks for your generous consideration, sincerely ...............................
Every video producer on YouTube should take notice of this video.  THIS is how a "how to" video should be edited.  Thanks for being so respectful of the viewer's time.  Your straight-to-the point style is rare, and highly appreciated.  Well done.
Thanks for this video.  I've put in a temporary panel for construction on my lot and an outlet's the next step.  I like the box spacers you used.  I was planning on a conduit stub, but the spacers look simpler. I'll echo the previous comment...I appreciate your straightforward, concise style in these videos.
Great video. Very matter of fact and to the point. Thank you sir.
Forgot your green grounding screw to the tapped hole in your 1900 box . Thats okay though most people dont .
Cutler Hammer BR series now has those rubber covers that go over the main lugs. Great idea .
