ANNOTATIONS 0:08.100 CLICK TO SUBSCRIBE  0:08.100 INGREDIENTS 75ml (2.5 oz) Milk, whole - WARM 1 t  Yeast (live or 1/2 pack instant) 200g (7 oz) Flour, regular all purpose 72g (2.5 oz) Butter, cold 1/2 t Salt  0:08.100 This is enough for 10 medium size empanadas. You can scale up the recipe just by multiplying everything by whatever factodr you need to.  0:25.159 Make sure that the milk is warm but NOT hot. Too much heat will kill the yeast instantly.  0:53.200 15-20 minutes later...  0:54.400 The flour and the salt is in the food processor.  2:53.548 Let it stand at room temperature for 1 hour. You can see that it is slightly larger.  3:50.060 That is, 5 for each HALF of the dough - a total of 10.  5:18.600 Heat oil to 180°C (355°F) and cook for about 3-4 minutes until golden.  6:09.100 Thanks for watching!  6:11.300 CLICK HERE for more information about this book and how to get it.
Thank you for all your nice recipes. There is one problem though. Can not see your annotations even on a PC. I 've tried chrome,safari,Microsoft edge ,annotation turned on but still nothing.
I just tried the Empanadas Mendocina. It went well. I deep fried them and the pastry came out really good - flavorful and great texture. The wife raved about the filling and the Chimichurri sauce. I've just leafed through the books and I couldn't find the recipes for the empanadas. I'm rushed right now but I suppose it's in there somewhere. I was hoping to get a tip on baking the empanadas - temp, time and whatever else. Thanks.
Curious why you add yeast to the dough since you don't raise it anyway???
I have a set of 3 of those pastry cutter/sealers. They are fun to use. I love your recipes. Your videos help me to have new ideas and to refresh my memory on old recipes I haven't made in a while.  I do have one question about this recipe; why didn't you do an egg wash before deep frying? I adds a crispy texture to the outside, while maintaining a sort of, soft center. Thanks, Chef for yet another wonderful recipe.
Is it something wrong with your video recorder? The pixel is chunky. It started since the shrimp stock video. Other video before that seem fine
That empanada cutter/sealer looks amazing. I live in the southwest I bet i can find one
I always use them little Goya skins for these. But I have watched with much intent your pastry videos. Because I can do a lot of things pretty good but a flaky perfect like Grandma makes crust just isn't one of them. There's an over a 100 year old family recipe in danger of dying when Grandma does. I KNOW how to do it the way she does, but geez, I just know that there's no way that if some Upper Peninsula style pasties were made in a fine restaurant... They would have one heck of a more efficient way of doing it than Grandma does it. (note, the woman can't cook anything else) But she's my Grandma... I am hoping to modernize the crust recipe. Well no, Maybe I just HAVE to do it like Grandma and deal with the fact that good food takes time. I mean I spend between 12 and 14 hours cooking a pork butt. I guess that's easy though the smoker does the work. I only have abouts, My Mom tried to write it down once for me. Mom makes good pasties too, but Grandmas are better. I think it's the matter of OCD that she has with the dish. Heck I'd give you the recipe if you wanted to fiddle with it. (or fix it).
Dynamite! I've been looking for a great empanada recipe for years! I'm half way there. I used to go to a place in Brooklyn that was fantastic. Have never found or cooked one better. Thanks, Chef! Oh, I should get your book today according to the Tracking.
Looking forward to seeing more filling recipes for the empanada pastries.
Is there a way to do this without a food processor?
