Hands down the best tips and tricks video I’ve seen on YouTube. I love looking at grilling videos, more specifically charcoal grilling. The knowledge you have provided blew my mind. I cannot thank you enough for posting this video!  LIKED
YouTube sabotaged your audio bruh.
Do these formulas work as well in the 18in kettle ?
Not easy when your built in temp probe is 100 degrees behind, WTF?! Does storing it in below temps ruin it or doing a long smoke ruin it? I'm on my second built in temp probe and I only used my last one twice and it's 100 deg off!🖕🖕🖕 I'm pissed
Do you have the slow and sear in there i cant tell if it is or not
Great Video! Thank you!
Hell I can't understand his English!!
Great instruction. One question: can the 70 base coals be placed into those weber coal baskets in lieu of piling them up as shown here in the video?
Great info for newbie..ty
Thank you for sharing your knowledge, New subscriber from UK
Great information, definitely helped me out
Fantastic and informative and practical video! Love the sound of the doves in the background too.
Best video I have seen on how to maintain the temperature.  Thank you.
Thanks for passing on the wisdom. Just got a weber kettle and starting to learn how to control the temps so your advice has given me a good head start. Many Thanks.
Very informative. How does outside temperature affect your system. For 6 months of the year, I am using my new jumbo joe in -5*C (23*F) to -15*C(5*F)?
I have learned much from you.. thanks for the great videos.  I have a quick question.  I have been using my Weber grill to bbq brisket and pork shoulder and have done it year long.  Putting your suggested 5 coals on the side of on the 120 unlit coals seems to take forever for the grill to get to 250 degrees.  Any suggestions?
Great video on temperature control. What if my target temperature is 275-300 degrees? Do I just open the top vents and leave the bottom vents at 1/8 to 1/4 open?
This is the best video on the web for heat management, without all the Fufi garbage, please always keep this on your channel
This is what I was looking for on how to keep temp low for extended period of time.  Can you advise on how or when to add wood chips to get smoke going?   It seems only 5 hot coals might get put out by water soaked wood chips. (?).   What is your experience with that?
Super great video! I just cooked a couple racks of ribs using your techniques. Amazing results 👏.  Thank you for the help😊
This is the first video to make me contemplate my issue with temp. It makes sense. I can't wait to grill tomorrow and show my kid that I don't always burn the bbq 🥲
lots of good info out there but this is so far the best on temp control and set up i've  seen . Thank You and keep them coming. I myself use a kettle and have used some variations of his cooking but I will adjust my cook the way it was done on this video. Great job !
Worked like a charm! 👍
This is 6 years after the fact, but you give the real secret of struggling with temps - or at least struggles…TOO MANY HOT COALS!!!  only wish I had found this jem a few days ago before I bought 70.00 worth of accessory that (now I believe) is. Unnecessary Oh well.  Thanks for the fabulous advise
Long-time subscriber here brother, since way before I had a channel. In one of your videos you talked about what happens to temp when you open the lid. You explained that first the temp would dip dramatically, then rise and shoot past your original target temp. Finally, the temp would settle back down to where you had it before.  I was smoking some stuffed meatballs recently. I had my grill locked in at 230. I opened the lid and quickly put the meatballs on, then closed it. The temp dropped, then started rising, as expected. But instead of eventually settling back down to 230 it just kept rising gradually, one degree at a time.   Even more puzzling was the fact that I was using the snake method, which is usually rock solid for me. I had my bottom vent down to a quarter open, and I believe the top vent was around 3 quarters or half. Even with adjustments to the top vent I was never able to stop it from rising. My lid was on tight, so all I figure is maybe the chunks were too close. I wanted to get your thoughts on it here, where others might benefit from your answer. TIA.
I looove this video! Its the best one ive seen with the best information out there. Im gonna try this method asap but my question is how do I add wood chips/chunks? Do I stick it in the same time i put the meat on? Will it affect the temp a lot?
This is the most helpful video i have found on this subject
I just started smoking with my kettle and this is by far the best video on how to go low and slow.
Coming from a pellet grill (easy peazy lol)  I bought a kettle yesterday. Definitely more to learn and this was by far the best explanation I've found. Cheers and thank you
Mind. Blown. Thank you so much for this video. Cooking ribs today, and I can never keep the temp where it needs to be.
I've watched enough videos to know that the thermometer on my weber kettle is about 50° higher than indirect grate temp.  No need for an aftermarket thermometer.  Bacon comes out just fine smoking anywhere between 225° and 250°. Just pull it off at 145° - 150° internal.  Mmmmm homemade bacon...
Finally a video with real info
Is the thermometer that comes with the Weber accurate?  Have you ever tested the thermometer with a probe type thermomter?
When you use this method and other where you aren't lighting all the coals at once, how do you prevent the coals from smoking and creating bad smoke inside the grill? I would think this method would cause your food to taste like bad smoke since there's always new coals being lit?
Would this method remain the same if using a slow n sear?
Thank you for this informative video.  This should be standard issue with every new Weber grill.  You really do show how to use this grill design to its best advantage!  My chicken came out perfectly!!!  Thanks again!
You must have the only thermometer that is exact
Love the approach but I've found 5 hot coals only gets my kettle to 165. Ive temped with 4 different methods. Its 165. I need to start with 10-15 to get anything over 200. I have the classic weber kettle so I dont have the same style bottom vent. Maybe thats the difference?
I'm curious to know what the outside temp was when you were doing this video. I've struggled to keep the heat low enough during the summer. Fall and spring, no issue at all.
Amazing video
how do you light your coals?  i have no clue on how to light as few as 5 coals.  thanks.
Well done. This is exactly what I've been looking for. Thank you. 👌🏼
good stuff, great information, hard to find good videos like these on temp management
I'll be trying this method this weekend on a rack of ribs. Thanks much.
What’s your recommendation for adding smoke flavor to the cook?  Should I just add wood chips to the coals? Mix them in?
I have the 22" Weber kettle and the Slow & Sear but these chickens were 6 pounders (and butterflied) so instead I tried your technique today with a smoked pulled chicken bbq. Worked like a charm. I was very surprised just how moist the breasts were. This was a great dinner.
Direct grilling made easier
Great info, my grills will be so much better.
I tried this method cooking a whole chicken, the chicken was nicely cooked but there was a strong taste of the coals off the chicken, any ideas to help me??
Would this setup work in an offset smoker firebox? And where would you place pieces of wood chunks if you wanted to use them with the charcoals?
I always thought that all the coils had to be burned to be safe to eat. Obviously i was wrong.
So helpful, thank you sir! Great vids!
In your guide, when you say 'Hot Coal 40, Fuel Supply 80' is that 80 coals total (of which 40 are hot) or 120 coals total?
I’m smoking a chuck roast. Will take about 6-8 hours I’d guess around 250. In one method you put the hot coals dead center and in another you put them on one side. Does it make a big difference which I use? I was thinking the ones side would be easier In case I needed to.
This was extremely helpful!!!
I tried something similar to this in my offset cooker, worked well
Does all the unlit coals make nasty smoke as they ignite
Fantastic information. Thanks!
Awesome video, well done
Great demonstration for fine tuning your temps.
What a great video! Really explains how to control the temps on a Weber kettle.
Been playing around with your method and was wondering. When it comes to adding wood chunks how do you incorporate them into this? How do you get the coal temperature high enough to avoid the horrible, white smoke without the kettle getting too warm?
My grill has a water bowl that goes above the coals how do I better control the temp
Love your tips! with the useful test...I agree with every words you said.
Pretty new to smoking and my biggest issue has been temperature control. After watching this i decided to give it a try.  Best advice I have seen! I had a few spikes when it lit the wood but has been a steady temp overall. Thank you!
I’m getting ready to try St Louis ribs on a Webber on my own for the first time in my life at the young age of 29 and this video is EXACTLY what I needed to know. Thank you so much for taking the time to lay out this information in such a straightforward manner with no BS. Happy grillin(g) everybody!
Thanks for these invaluable tips. What would you do as far as number of lit coals and unlit coals for a 225-250 degree short cook (say 2 hours)? I want to smoke a tri-tip to medium/medium rare and those are the temps and cook time I've been steered towards. Thanks!
Is it possible to keep a temp at 120 for several hours???
The hardest part of this method for me was to get only 5 coals to get lit and best up.  It's too few for a chymney.  How do you get your 5 coals white?
This is a GREAt tutorial. Helped me a lot with regard to regulating temp. Thank you, sir.
Your method along with the Tip Top Temp is golden, thank you sir!
Thank you so much for this information. I had been struggling all morning to keep the temp down on a rack of ribs before I finally got it under control. I now know the correct way to light the coals as well as the amount of coals to use.
I'm doing my first low and slow for a rack of St. Louis ribs a couple days from now and have searched for helpful videos for weeks now before I came across yours. Thank you so much. This is going to be a life saver. Great video.
This is excellent information. All I've ever cooked on my kettle was burgers and dogs/sausage. I haven't been daring enough to try a low and slow, until now. Thanks for the great advice! Now, I'm off to buy some spare ribs and a brisket, for a couple of trial runs with my new-found knowledge! Thanks!!
Fantastic video! You are the man!
Great tutorial video! Thank you for sharing.
Duuude, it was amazing! What a great video.
Great tips, I needed that! Thanks.
This video is amazing! I will definitely be trying the low and slow method for ribs.
so i been grill wrong the whole time fml
Thanks for this video! First ever smoking on a Weber. I bought a 13lb brisket to try for the first time ever. I didn’t have to add coals on a 10hr burn. I was so nervous couldn’t sleep the night before. Out of all the videos yours was the best and helped me succeed in my smoking! Best Brisket ever! So tender and juicy! I love my Weber!
Best video ever on this subject. I subscribed and thank you
Excellent tutorial.  I now understand much better how to set the vents and start the charcoal. Today I smoked ribs for the first time and I hadn't watched this video yet. I was struggling with the vents for at least half the time. It's crystal clear now what I did wrong as I had started too many coals at the beginning.  Kudos!
Just found this in 2020, fantastic info. As a general rule I prefer using lump charcoal over briquettes, but I bet it's a lot harder to maintain a stable temp with lump because there's no uniform size. Do you think that's right?
Great Vid dude. Thank you. 👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
This is great! I have one question, where do you put your wood chunks?
This video here is invaluable man. I just wish I had found it years ago, could of saved me time and headache. INVALUABLE.
Great info ,
Cracking video! Been using a gas grill the past few years but this has made me get a kettle grill. Thanks so much!
damn good  video.. I've seen alot, but this is best
I just saw your video and it by far is the best instructions for low and slow, but I like using charcoal wood chunks. Will it work the same  way as using charcoal briquettes ?
So the trick is add exactly what you need, unless your planing on restocking the coals once you can't get no more heat out of it - correct me if I'm wrong.
I'm new to charcoal grilling and I certainly appreciate your tips!  I wish I'd found this video before I attempted to grill my first pork shoulder over the weekend. LOL!  I will definitely keep these in mind for my next cook.
thanks for the share, very helpful
this worked great thanks!!
Really good tips shared! Thanks!
Thank you very much for making this video sir. Particularly, thank you for laying out how many coals you use and the timings. Very much appreciated.
Loved this video, thank you!!!   I have been using a Weber kettle for over 40 years and never new how to do a low and slow on it. Amazing.
I enjoyed the post. Very helpful and I never considered tossing bacon on there! nice!
I agree with the other commenters,  there are a lot of video's of cooking on the Weber but no one ever speaks of where they put the top/bottom vents or charcoal arrangemetn, etc. You covered everything in such nice detail thank you!
If I don't leave the lid ajar on the kettle, the coal (Kingsford Original) always go out within 30 minutes no matter how I set the vents.
Great Video! I really appreciate the effort and helpful detail you've put! I have a question about your grill.  I noticed that your lid has the temperature gauge next to the vent. on my grill, the vent is on the opposite side of the lid from the temperature gauge. Now, I've heard when cooking indirect, low and slow, you should keep the vent on the opposite side of the grill from the heat source. With my lid  set up the way it is, that puts my temperature gauge right above the coals. Would this give me an inaccurately high temperature reading vs. a setup like yours where the temperature is measured at the vent?
Thank you so much for making this video!!! Wish I would have seen it first
my english is soo bad. ...anyone that tell me a resume in spanish please!! . im soo interesting
Had my kettle for a while now and gona try my first brisket tomorrow , i have a slow n sear but it only holds 50 briquettes so might do away with it and try the 130 unlit method you use. My brisket is 8lb and am in the UK so most of the fat is trimmed off already, what sort of time do you think i will need  to cook said brisket ?. Also shoul i put a water pan under meat as to keep it moist.
What a very interesting video ! Thanks a lot this has helped me tremendously
Best vid on YouTube for controlling heat,thanks
Good job Buddy; ill be trying that soon with a giant pork loin. temp. control is my biggest problem with Webber.
From Philly? Great video, learned a lot.
Truly amazing, this worked for me, kept me between 225 and 240 for a 3 hr smoke on chicken breast on a 22 1/2 Inch Weber Master Touch. I used 70 unlit coals and 5 lit ones. It did take about an hour to get to temp but after that it was awesome. One thing I did learn on a previous trial, don't set your bottom vent to 1/2 to speed it up, otherwise it will get too hot and you have to really work on it to lower the temp, patience really is the key. Thanks for this tip/trick, it really does work.
I have the same watch!!! Lol
Fantastic video!  I'm doing this today for two full racks of baby backs
As a new grill owner, I've been absorbing many videos on how to control temperature. While all have something valid to add (some use your concept but without the explanation), your concept and method is the easiest to understand and replicate in practice. Tried a low and slow cook last evening and it worked perfectly. Thumbs up!
without a doubt the best video i have seen on this topic. explained everything so clearly, went over all the variables and made me so much more confident in knowing how to fix things should something go wrong.
G’day “Master Kettle Pitmaster” I was introduced to Kettle Kooking some 10 years ago or so and absolutely love it although  I only ever thought that I could do hard and fast cooking!  WELL NOT ANY LONGER coz I stumbled upon your vid re low and slow and temp control in your kettle so I thought what the hell I’ll give it a go last weekend, can’t hurt. WELL I HAVE TO TELL YOU IT WAS A LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE. I am down under, not sure you can tell but I used our local charcoal around 100 bricks coz I was not sure being the first time. WELL NOT ONLY COULD I CONTROL THE TEMP I COULD MAINTAIN 250-275f for OVER 9HRS, and only used a little less than 3/4 of the charcoal. OUTSTANDING. I never thought it possible. It has changed my whole outlook on what i can do with my Kettle, it’s like I have a NEW type of BBQ and it’s all thanks to you. I can’t thank you enough for sharing your knowledge and experience with the world. You are a TURE KETTLE BBQ LEGEND. 🥓🥩🦴👊🏻
Good video. I have a large smoker Pitt  and have had small  charcoal and gas grills when not wanting to light up big Pitt. Bought a weber kettle at yard sale cheap. Very impressive. Use it all the time . this was a good video on heat tips , thanks.
Awesome
My Man thank ya so much for the tips and taking the time to make this video. I’ll be doing some ribs this weekend and I’m sure the family will love them. You Sir have a great day!!
How do you light just 4 coals?
Great for a kettle.. Maybe some oak or your favorite wood placed across the grid where a good clean wood smoke would help the flavor..  I use an offset stick burner so I might be used to a different way.. Combination of the two might not come out terrible.. I only use coal to get everything burning.  It's a Texas thing I guess.
Well now.  That was educational and much appreciated.  And it was a presentation as a presentations should be.......plain and simple with well presented examples and explanations. And to prove your point, you showed the results you were aiming for.   No wonder you‘ve got a whack of subscribers......that now include me! Thanks!!
Like everyone is saying: fabulous video!!   If you don't like "binders" (I don't even know what they are!) likelihood that using Lump Charcoal would alleviate that?  Speaking of which, would this wonderful method work using Lump Charcoal (I use a ceramic Primo and would love to give this technique a shot!)? The count couldn't be as accurate, it's true.
You have a vast amount of good old knowledge. I can't Bar B Que and film and hold my beer at the same time well...working on it though...
Great Video Sir, but I have two questions ? What position is the top vent located? Over the coals or opposite the coals? Secondly is that tin foil under the bacon what is your theory. TY and God Bless.
This is the Best informative video on how to set the charcoal. Thank you
I want to tell you how much I appreciate your videos. I purchased my first Weber kettle several years ago and never could cook anything except a steak. From watching your videos on how to control temps on something as simple as a kettle grill I have been able to cook, roast, and smoke a variety of different foods. I have enjoyed it so much that last year I went and bought a kamado style grill, thanks again.
So how long will it take them 4 or 5 little Coles to get that stack ready
My Weber has the thermometer on the opposite side of the lid than the vent so it is never accurate if the vent is above the meat. I use a 2 channel thermometer and the probe in the grill next to the meat reads a lot lower than the thermometer on the lid. Something people might want to keep in mind if their Weber is like mine. This is a great video.
That was so helpful. Thanks a million
Thank you man! This video has all the tips I need. I’m a beginner smoker and I’m going to be using this video to help me smoke my first Pastrami on my kettle grill
I had been looking for a good video on how to manage a long charcoal fire temp and this was the ONLY video that truly helped me out. These are some good tips that helped me smoke a rack of ribs in my regular BBQ pit with the perfect temp, thank you @kettlepitmaster
Any preference on where to put wood?
So you use more lit coal and less unlit for a short cook? I think I misunderstood what you said about 10-12 coals
Got a Weber kettle finally to start smoking meats during this coronavirus breakout. This video hands down has been the most helpful video I have found. You can imagine how many I’ve watched since I’ve been hermitting for the last 10 days. Smoking some pork belly bites right now on my Weber kettle thanks to you!
This is brilliant and just what I need to know and helps with what I'm struggling with.  I wish Meathead over at Amazing Ribs would post this.  Thanks man.
Your videos helped a lot when I smoked my first ribs on my Weber.
Such a good video,  most dint tell you amounts of charcole to use.  Thanks
Way to simplify low and slow 👍👍 best video.
Glad I found this!! Takes a lot of guess work out and saves on waste. Thank you !!
Good point
After giving this method a try I had to come back and give a like and comment on it. This man has it down to a science when it comes to cooking temperature. Thanks for sharing this.
Great video.  The best I have seen regarding temp control on a kettle. I just finished an initial burn on my new kettle and can’t wait to get home to use the information you’ve provided.  Thank you!
I can't believe people were dumping a whole. Chimney.  I always thought it was no more than a half or quarter chimney of hot coal. How did you light the hot coals and how long did it take them to be ready?
Really helpful. Thanks.
I ha e been smoking shoulders for years on my Weber 22 kettle for years.  You are absolutley correct.
Thank you for the tips. Great video!
How did you light just the 5 coals to put on top?
Thank you, thank you, thank you. You've saved me from insanity. I'm in Thailand and I bought a Weber kettle to stave off BBQ withdrawals (I BBQ at least 4 nights a week when I'm in the U.S.) Haven't cooked on a Weber kettle since the 70's, and in those days, it was all grilling, direct and indirect, and I could have cared less about pit temp. Those days are gone and now, pit temp is everything. I was using a full Weber chimney and pouring that into two Weber charcoal baskets to cook indirect. I couldn't get the temp down to within 100° of where I wanted it. And then today, I  came across your old video. What a revelation! I followed your instructions to the "T" about how many to light and the vent settings and watched the pit temp climb up to 225° and stop. Astounding! From there, following you directions, it was easy to nail down the desired temp of 275º , and after indirect cooking my pork chop, to bring the it temp up to 400° to give it a nice sear. I've watched countless YouTube BBQ videos trying to soak up expert knowledge, but your's has been the most valuable.
great vid-very informative and helpful!
Late to the party but I'm glad i came. Had to come back to say, THANK YOU. Your methods make the most sense and are spot on.
Thanks for the great video! I was smoking my second pork shoulder today and having a hard time regulating the temp. I wanted between 250 and 275 but I couldn't get it below 300, even with the dampers barely opened.  I guess I had too many lit coals. I will be trying your method for low and slow the next time I do a cook!! Thanks again for sharing your knowledge and experience!!!!!!
Great video thank you.  Note for a dumb question, where can I get alist of cooking temps for different meats and methods.  Only new to this,  but trying too learn
I really appreciate this video, KP.  This is an answer to my prayers!  Thanks so much!
Brilliant!!!
Coukd you explain the different temp for smoking , bbq and grilling please
I agree with you.   I do the same for lump charcoal which is my preferred heat source. I don't like to add unlit kingsford as the initial burn off has a chemical smell.  Kingsford blue says to use when u c white ash.  Stubbs is better as it claims to be 100% hardwood charcoal. I know When i use the minion/snake method kingsford blue in my WSM it is similar to what u r doing but i can definitely smell something odd. I just wonder how safe it is for eating in the long run, especially those who bbq a lot.
Gonna try this today. Let you know how it goes for me.. Thanks
Thank you thank you thank you.  Never tried this only regular stuff and live to try it,  what's the difference between briquets and coal please
This is one of the first videos I have seen that actually focuses on the charcoal, set up and burn times. It was super informative and easy to follow. Thank you very much and keep up the awesome work.
Hands down the best temp control instructional I have ever seen. Weber should have hired you a long time ago. Thanks a million!
I tried your method and it worked perfectly for my baby back ribs. I 'm now using my Weber more than ever! Thanks!
Hi Kettle Pitmaster.  I like your videos.  Just started doing some slow cooks.  Was wondering if you've experimented with Royal Oak Lump Charcoal briquettes.  They are all natural and said they burn a little hotter.  I use your 70 count with 5 lit coals method for a 5 hour cook chuck roast.  It was a 2.5 lb roast.  I put all the vents less than a quarter and it went from 230 F after 20 minutes to 325 stabilized after one hour.  I had a water pan in their so I think that's why it took a bit longer to stabilize.  I was just curious.  Do you think going with 1 or 2 briquettes of that brand work?  I'm not sure where I went wrong besides using oak lump briquettes instead of kingford like you.
Great vid, thanks.
I can’t get mine below 250. I’ve got a slow and sear. Water chamber full. Bottom vent almost all the way closed and the top vent I’ve tried all the way closed and all the way open. Doesn’t seem to make much difference. More than frustrated
Thanks so much.
You are truly the pit master! As other stated this is the best video  on temperature  control. My Kansas City spares came out perfect for the first time ! Thank you very much! Kyle
I’m using this technique right now. First low and slow on the new grill. Thanks for sharing!
Hi, quick question: if I wanted to smoke my ribs using your method, would it be okay to throw a hickory chunk over top of the 5 hot coals that I start with.  What do you recommend?
I really appreciate this video for its simplicity and getting straight to the point without all the bs music and stupid fanfare. Thank you
Yep, best vid I've seen yet out of bout 20 or so vid's and I now have an absolute understanding of temp regulation and slow cooking...  I Thank You !
Super informative video, man. I especially liked your point about the chimney, and it makes complete sense. It was cool to finally see at least one experienced cook NOT geek out over it as if it’s the only smart way to start your coals. Rookie question for you before my first long cook regarding the vents. Do you prefer to position your vent control over the coals or over the food...or does it even matter?
Thanks So much this is the video I am looking for. Will try this out in my charbroil barrel grill.
I've used your setup and it works very nicely. I don't have thermometers so I go by eyeball .  The only thing I don't like is that the coals (kingsford competition) give kind of a nasty un natural smoke flavor to the chicken. I love your video though. It's nice to not to have to fuss over "the pit", my Weber Homer edition Kettle grill.
Small 1 lb beef tenderloin.   60 unlit coals, 30 hot coals, 2 chunks hickory.  Seared over the hot coals then moved indirect. Grill temp 325°.  I pulled the meat at 135°.  Incredible.  Kettle Pitmaster has taken me to the next level.
Often you say, fuel supply, x parts of hot coals, for example for 325 F cook, 40 hot coal, and fuel supply 80, do you mean total 120 coals, or what. Tanks in advance
Very helpful video !!  Thanks for posting
Outstanding video....such a fan of my weber kettle....will absolutely give this method a run!  I've used the snake method but just not a big fan.  Will give this a try with a shoulder this weekend. Thanks!!
Used this method yesterday for ribs and worked great!   100 unlit, 5 hot coals for 5 hours at 235°.
I appreciate your videos. I’ve learned a lot from you and enjoy my Weber kettle even more because of your videos. 👍👍
Do you use a water pan with this set up?
Great information. Now I know what I’ve been doing wrong. Lol
Thank you so much for this!
I've heard of putting a steel pan with water to work as a heat sink to control the temp. Anyone used that method? Any tips or experiences?
If I do a low and slow.  I pile the coals around like he does, but likely longer than him.  I don't have a weber chimney.  I have a cheaper off brand.   I fill it up and get it hot and let the coals burn so the are grey and ashey.  Then I dump the hole thing on one of the of the pile.   It comes up to temp quicly.  I keep the bottom open 100 percent and use the top vent to control the temp.  Once it stables out around 250 I'm good to add that meat.  If im smoking I usually place a drip pan in the center and fill it about half full of water.   I also place wet wood chips through out the charcoal pile.  So as it burns I get the smoke I want.  I also will occasional sprinkle chips over the lit coals.   Works well.   I have been using it that way for years.   Did a brisket for Easter and it turned out awesome.  Chicken, pork butt, ribs... etc.... all the same.  Sometimes It might get up to 300 a little, but I'm not that picky.  As long as you watch the temp on your meat and take it out at the correct temp its all good.
Wouldn't the smoke from the  unlit  coals contaminate contaminate the meat  as they light up.
Very informative and thorough. Thanks!
Hey, great video! How would you manage the coals if you have wood to add to the fire?
Great video on temperature management! Thanks for sharing.
Watched about 100 videos on how to control temperature and this is the one.. As about always this last one is the best! Thanks!
Excellent video, this is the method I use since watching, and I've shared your video with anyone running a kettle. Do I see some kind of liner in your kettle that keeps the charcoal from direct contact with the sides?
Hey love your videos - you’ve obviously got a great system down.  I’m also using a Weber kettle, but 6-8 coals to start a low and slow only gets me to 108.   The temp just held there and didn’t climb.  I had to fire up another 12-14 and use closer to 20 or so coals and then I got to about 250 before I had to throttle back.  I just cant seem to figure out how many coals to use and all the great advice out there doesn’t seem to apply to my Weber (or I’m doing something major wrong).  Incidentally, my grills pretty clean, ashes emptied.  All vents full open and using Kingsford Blue Bag.  I’m taking temp using a Maverick 732 probe at the grate.
Thanks for the great video.
This is a great video. Ever since I watched it and consumed as much info as possible I have ran the Webber like a dream. Thank you for that. I do have a question though. I don’t always get thin blue smoke when using wood chunks. Should I leave the top open till the wood catches well before starting the cook? Or is there something else that I am missing? Other factors? Thanks again!
Great tips!
Brilliant! Thank you!
Bottom vent is for maintaining temp not top. Top blocks the air escaping and bottom drawers air in to get/stop air to the fire.
Thank u so much for this video. It help me tremendously. Thanks again
You should include “Look no further” some how in the title. What a great video Mr. A++
this is a perfect video man, you are truly a pro
you are amazing
Hi there and thanks for your time and help! 1 question: you say (on your site) one would need 5-6 hot coals for maintaining a set temperature but then arranged this way, those 5-6 end up being like 15-30 as one can see on minute 9:45 and theoretically that should triple the temperature... My doubt is because I´ve heard about the minion method that  ensures the 5-6 hot coals for the whole time but yours is working so I´m confused :D... Could you please dwell into this?
Great video.
Outstanding video! Thank you!
Great video mate. Helped a rookie (me) out heaps todays thanks a lot!
For a good "seal" on the Weber kettle, try 3 or 4 of these 2" binder clips  on the outside rim of the kettle:    https://www.amazon.com/Coofficer-Binder-2-Inch-Clamps-Supplies/dp/B07C94YCR5/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?ie=UTF8&qid=1537668240&sr=8-1-spons&keywords=2%22+binder+clips&psc=1  There are also some good "gasket" videos  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5yziceu4Lc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwr1XJvHG9k   and even an idea for a port for the temp cables..  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOqVqZZSnos
When you say nudge the vent to control the temperature which way are you nudging it to bring the temperature up and or down?
Great info buddy,thank you !
Thank You for this video! I am going to try slow smoking a rack of ribs tomorrow, looking forward to using your method. I will let you know how it goes! Thanks again for the advice!
Thank you sir.  Am picking up a webber tomorrow as I accidentally crushed my old cheap kettle grill and considering a 26" now instead of a 22".  Would love trying a pork picnic roast and beef brisket in there.
How do you light just five coals? You have a mini chimney?
Kettle Pitmaster, I just wanted to thank you for your great explanation of controling the temperature on the Kettle. I followed your directions and "lo and behold" my baby back ribs turned out just perfect. Thank you again for caring and loving grilling and sharing with us how to get the best temperature control that I have seen.
Thank you. I've been battling to get some decent info on slow cooking and your video helped immensely.
Nice Information and techniques.  Subscribed!!
Gonna try this tomorrow... was struggling keeping my weber to 235 for ribs... thanks
I use the snake method for 40 years , has never failed me. holds 225  to 250 for 8 hours.. great video
Just became a subscriber after watching this video!! It was absolutely the best instructive video I have found on how to control temps using a Weber grill!! Controlling temps and deciding how much charcoal to use is the thing I struggle with most when using my Weber, so THANK YOU for making this video sir!! It's much appreciated!!
Awesome. Thank you.
Like the look of your method. I'll be trying this tomorrow with some ribs. Thanks!
Great video and great tips!  Can't wait to try it!
He said that the top did not seal well to the bottom of the kettle. This is easily fixes with four medium "bulldog" clips that you can find at your office supply store. When you are done setting up the grill with the food on just "clip" the top to the bottom by putting the clips on the seam where the two meet. (And you can use the clips on your bag of charcoal to seal it shut too).
Anyone who has a Weber Kettle needs to subscribe.  This guy has opened my eyes
Beautiful cook tonight!  2 racks baby backs.  100 unlit coal and 6 hot coals.  5 hours at 260 it was 95 on the deck today.  Opened vents and mopped with sauce as the ribs were fully cooked Wow!  I need a bigger Weber to satisfy my people.   Best ribs I ever had. Thanks to KPM
Great video, very detailed and complete. I am going to use it today to do 2 racks of baby back ribs and will let you know the results. Thanks again for your thoroughness in explaining the method as many on youtube don't get into the finer parts of grilling.
Absolutely the best video on Weber Kettle temp control I have found on YouTube....thank you much, great job !
Is it at “twoandaquarter” Awesome
Excellent video. Your experience shows! Thank you!
Great tips but my Weber has the vents on one side of the cover and the temperature gauge on the other side. For some reason that doesn't seem right. I know that the vents should be right over the meat and the temperature gauge should be next to the vents so you can monitor what the temperature is over the meat not over the fire. I think my Weber is fubar.
So that’s called the minion method right? Do you prefer that over the snake method?
This may be a dumb question... charcoal newbie... how do you light only 5 coals?
Hands down the best tips and tricks video I’ve seen on YouTube. I love looking at grilling videos, more specifically charcoal grilling. The knowledge you have provided blew my mind. I cannot thank you enough for posting this video!  LIKED
Dear Pitmaster, thank you for your fantastic video. I have not understood one point: to reach 150°C (300°F) How many hot coals and cold coals shall I use? In the video you say 10/12 but in the description it seems to be between 30 and 40... By the way I use weber briquettes... so maybe the size is different and it's easier to use the Chimney for the quantity... 1/2, 3/4, Full? Can you advise please? I need for 2/3 hours, thank you!
Thanks so much for your extremely helpful video! Not only a great method, but explained well too. Doesn't get better than that.
Great video. Thank you.
The amont of unlit coals does it change on the grill size? I currently have a Smokey Joe could I use this video I was looking to move up to an 18in is an 18in the same charcoal as a full size kettle?
I’m just concerned about all that charcoal smoke burning the whole time. Won’t that give the meat a bad flavor?
informative video thank you.
This is without a doubt the best video I've seen on controlling temp, I'd give this 2 thumbs up if I could, I like the tick mark idea, never thought of that👍👍
Thank you for sharing! I will definitely give this a try. I've been struggling with temp management for longer burns and this will help me get started on the right path!
Thanks so much for the video! I have never used a kettle before (only an offset smoker) and I just bought my first kettle. Great video!
Awesome video,  and follow up videos
Great info! I'm brand new to using my Weber Kettle as a  smoker and just did my first brisket. The cook was 12.5 hours.  I had a hard time managing my coals and temperature.  My big question is how much does the outside temperature affect the number of coals needed?  I did my brisket when it was 25 deg F outside. and lost count of the number of coals after several additions.
I've been having trouble controlling temps and have watched many videos on the subject.  This is by far the best one I've seen - clearest, most complete, detailed, and informative!  Great job...thanks for the help!
fantastic
This was a great video, thank you.
Incredibly informative. Very, very well done. Thank you!! I had no idea these kettles were that useful. I just bought my first one ever...just like yours...and learning how to use it. I have some ribs on right now with your method. Thanks again.
You should go to WoodPriX if you'd like to make it yourself guys.
Thank you for this. Excellent detailed info.
What brand of coals are you using, and are they the match light type?
Thanks so much for telling me how to control the temp. I am actually battling high temps on a vert-smoker, and was impossible to stay below 350º until I watched this. I started with 5 lit coals and it kept at 225º for the 4 hours I needed. AAAAA+++++
Finally...thank you so much! You have no idea how helpful this is.
Excellent series of videos about temperature maintenance , thanks a lot. One query about cooking bacon so long - doesn't it completely dry it out?
Great video and explanation.... Thanks!
Thanks for the video, really helpful......I can now control and maintain a low temperature. Took a couple of attempts and I realised that the Weber lid was not air tight.......as mentioned somewhere I tried the bulldog clips around the edge and it enables much better stabilisation of the temperature. My only issue now is that the meat on the ribs isn't as tender as I would like, it doesn't just break away even after 6.30 hours, ! Could be the ribs they sell us in the UK!
Great video! Gonna try a brisket this weekend
Hey thanks for you're tips Awesome!.
Hey +kettle pitmaster, what type of coals are you using? How would you recommend slow cooking 4kg of asado beef ribs? Any tips are appreciated!
Many thanks for a great educational experience........great made video as well. Does this process change if using the Weber 'ring' and a rotisserie?  I would guess just a few more hot coals to begin with.
My grill is rectangular, will the set up essentially be the same? Making Ribs on Sunday for the first time.... god help me
thank you so so much for this video! Wish I would have seen this before trying to cook yesterday on july4th! I really needed this! You are so right. Pour a whole kettle in and its 500 degrees! And all I needed was 225. It was a nightmare trying to get it down. What a horrible day. So glad I came across this video!
About how long does it take to reach 225 (preheat) after laying the 5 lit coals on top? Great videos!
Hey just wondering if you ever use a chunk of wood or 2 and if you did where you would put them.........thanks!
Awesome! very insightful, I'll definitely be giving this a try. What size kettle was you using? I have the 26". Great job putting this together.
Sir thank u so much best learning example I have ever seen. really helped Godbless u.
Best tutorial on temp control ever👍👍👍👍
This was so helpful! I've seen different folks recommend which vents to adjust. Some say to leave the top wide open and only adjust the bottom when smoking to allow the smoke to escape while others suggest adjusting both the top and bottom. When you are smoking do you still close down the top vent as much as you did in this video?
Really good video, thanks for the advise 👍
gonna try this setuo this weekend
so glad I found this vid. new at kettles, I only did it three times this far, grilling only for starters but can't help myself not to play around with temp settings when I am done with the food. today I just thought the same thing you pointed out in the first minute - how the heck should I get around 225 when I dump a fully loaded chimney. that's impossible, I closed both my vents to 95% and it was still kicking at 350 for almost an hour. tnx for the vid, helped me a lot.
Wish I'd seen this years ago -- great info. Will use these methods going forward. I've been wasting so much fuel with my Weber chimney. Thanks for this. Cheers!
Thanks for the advice good video
Hi Great video. Wish I'd watched it last week. I just bought a Weber Mastertouch and first time out I wanted to try beef short ribs. I've cooked them before on a Cobb grill and it worked well, but only for 2 or 3 ribs that are shorter than the diameter of the Cobb, so no good for a large rack. I couldn't get the Weber grill to stay at 110C ( I'm in UK). I guess thats about 225F for you. I also noticed a lot of smoke coming out from around the lid seal. I had my coals in one of Webers charcoal containers, only , not 2 and put tinfoil down its vertical face and across the rest of the charcoal rack to stop air going up that way and force the air through the underside of the coals.I also put a drip tray in with water in it. Grill was happy, and would stay stable at 170C, but up and down like a yoyo at temps below that. Consequently the ribs were a bit dry I'll try your method next time. Cheers Rich
Never having owned a kettle grill (picked a weber premium series up with cart attachment, cover and 2 coal bins for $20 at a yard sale!) so my first attempt was disaster with temps going way over 300° even with all the vents closed. Until I watched your videos I didn't know it was so important to start out with a small amount of lit coals. Great videos, you explained it well and covered all aspects. Thanks a million!
Great video and great tutorial. I have only 1 doubt. To reach and maintain 225F (more or less) you put 5 lit coals over the unlit, my question is regarding the position of the pile.  Do you put them in middle or at one side of the unlit pile?
Great Video for Low and Slow, I have only ever used the "Snake/Fuse" Method and it seems to work well. Have you used this method? If so how does it compare to your method with being able to maintain the temperature and cook time?
cooking successfully with charcoal requires common sense
For the ribs cook, when you put the  lit coal on top of the unlit coal, how long do you let that sit before you put the ribs on?
Great video, thanks mate.  Finally everything I need to do in one simple video.
Now if I'm cooking anything low and slow I use your method. If I'm cooking burgers or steaks I still light a whole chimney of coals for fast and quick searing and grilling.   Thanks for the tip.
Nice tutorial.  I have evolved with my charcoal kettle to darn near where you are with yours.  I don't know where you are geographically, but living in SW PA I have learned ambient temperature significantly effects your fuel consumption.  Yesterday (March 5) I did beef ribs at 250 for about 6.5 hours.  Ambient temp was 35 degrees when I lit the grill, rose to about 46 degrees, then started dropping before it was over.  I used the same fuel setup as you for low and slow.  I had to run the vents almost full open and used almost twice the fuel.
Absolutely brilliant video mate. I have always used a half or full hot kettle for my cooks and I wonder why I have trouble controlling temps.  Thanks for the video.
Thanks for this great video tutorial. My meat came out perfectly cooked after 5 hours - no extra coals needed, really impressed. The hardest part of the whole process - and i know this sounds silly - was trying to get just 5 coals to light before adding them to the main stack. What is the simplest way to do this.?? (I do not have a blow torch)
Yes, that is the clip. I use 4 large ones spacing them evenly. Clip one part to the lid and other to the kettle. If you need I can send a picture but I will need your email address. Thanks, Bill S.
Great video! Very well explained. If you have a lid that is not air tight use 4 big binder clips. They work great. Thanks, keep up the good work.
Very well done
Vary good video..
oh my goodness!!!!  Thank you!!! I have been cooking so much better since I followed these steps.
Thank you so much.  Simple, common sense approach to slow cooking on a kettle.
Thanks a million For the videos. I use natural briquets so I had to modify the technique. It took me a couple of attempts but I got the hang of it. For my use I have to have the bottom vent open halfway and the top vent a little less than half I order to get it to idle at 350.
Good day Sir, Thanks for the video, it really makes me understand a lot of it, because sometimes I just go crazy with the temps! I have a question about smoking, if I smoke turkey legs using Hickory on a gas smoker will they taste the same as smoking on a charcoal bbq? Cheers!
Do you still line the bottom with foil?  Saw you haven't recently been doing that (most recent Boston butt video.). I've been doing two hourish cooks on it and doing well.  Bout to try some back ribs
Thank you so much Sir, that was really helpful since i just went from gaz to charcoal and failed at keeping low slow cook temp... JM
Wonderful no fuss technique.  It works.  Its easy.  Its reliable.  Great video!
good stuff
great tip. thanks
I plan to add some wood chunks tonight when I grill ribs for the first time. When should I add them? What can I expect the temp to do? Should I soak them first?
awesome stuff
This was the single greatest video on tips on Temp management. And you explain all aspects in a way they all tie together. Vents Top and bottom, Charcoal placement (lit and unlit) Thanks a million.
Thank you for taking the time to prepare this tutorial and share your knowledge. This is a really informative presentation - very precise and full of useful tips - now for me to put everything I've learned into practice on my new Weber kettle.
Okay I'm going to try this tomorrow morning.  I think I've got setup right and starting Saturday at 7:00am pst we're gonna see...
Great video! Thanks for the info much appreciated! made the mistake of putting too much charcoal but I made the adjustments necessary.
2 Questions. (1) How does your setup work with 5 lit coals when you're trying to smoke something?  (2) How do you know your lid thermometer is accurate?
Do you ever use Royal Oak charcoal?  is it good for long, slow grilling?
Hi, You might remember I posted a comment here about ordering a seal for around my kettle lid to stop air seepage from lid. Well I got the seal from "Island Outdoors LLC" and installed it. I have had a half dozen cooks on it and the seal works well. It's a self stick nomex material.The seal has stopped any air leak. There are a couple different places that sell these online for around $11-15 bucks. They sent me enough seal for two grills. The only down side of the seal is that it is harder to place lid down over kettle to get it seated properly which just takes a little care. The main thing is to get that lid lip CLEAN before sticking that seal on
I have a Kettle grill but the bottom vent part is against a stone wall, but the top is open. My question is would the bottom being against a wall cause a bad air flow?
seems like quite the headache maintaining temps on this thing. why not just use propane?
This is Great advice. Thank You very much. This is the first video that really helped me out on controlling the temperature.
I tried to smoke a turkey but i couldn't keep it lit. But seriously, what was the outside (ambient)  temperature where you where cooking?  all the rules have to change based on that, the Weber kettle in not insulated in any way.
Excellent! I've been looking for this information for years. Clear and to the point. Thank You!
Good video thanks for the information.
I've been doing it wrong for decades. Thanks!
This will be really helpful on my next cook.
This is by far the best video on controlling temps in a kettle grill!  Question.  Have you ever smoked a whole turkey on the grill?  I'm planning to cook one this weekend.  Any tips you can give would be greatly appreciated!  BTW, I smoked 7 salmon fillets using your snake method, keeping it at 250 and it worked out great!  It's not the same as going to Calumet Fisheries (one of the few smoke houses in Chicago) but close enough... Hate having to drive close to an hour just to get an overpriced smoked salmon... LOL
Great video. I did my first bbq with my weber kettle on fathers day and had some difficulty maintaining a steady temp. Will definetely try your method next time. I have a question, did you relocate the thermometer on your grill? Mine is mounted in the opposite side of the vent and is of no use at all when cooking low and slow.
Just what I have been looking for, very helpful. Thanks!
This video is awesome, tried it yesterday.  Sat there and idled along at 250 for 4 hours, never touched it.  Ribs were great!!!!
I use a Weber Kettle all the time and at home I cheat because I use an IQ110 temp control. However when I camp I always struggle to get the temp just right. Usually I have higher temps, to many lit coals. Your video gives me another method to try out and see if it will work on temp control. Thanks
Shouldn't the coals be grey by the time you add your meat? Otherwise putting lit coal on unlit coal produce poisonous gases and particles. Please comment.
Great video!  A question though, when you say you are making an adjustment to the top vent because the temp went a little too high,  Are you opening it slightly, or closing it slightly?
great video Sir.
This has got to be one of the only vids on temp control and a good video at that.   I'm doing ribs today but will be using the snake method as I want to see how well two wide two high coal maintains temp around 225F.   Question, seems to me that starting your coal on one end of this pile would allow the coal pile to burn all over the coal pile leading to higher temps would it not?  I do want to try your method but one more observation. Everything I've read says to control temp with bottom vent leaving top vent wide open. You didn't use any wood to create smoke with your coal/vent combo. How does your venting affect the type(colour)of smoke?  Thanks for a great video which we can use to set a benchmark.
What I did was to put cube up top surrounded by 10 briquettes making a space on top for the cube to burn. Worked ok, but next time I'll just put briquettes in the bottom piled to one side and light a cube under them. Thanks for you time. Appreciate it.
Here's another and it's a lame one. If I put charcoal on top of a Weber chimney that is upside down, where do I put the starter cube, on the charcoal grate or in the center of where the charcoal is?
Do u but lighter fluid on the unlit coals
Informative video. How do you light only 5 coals?
Can you make one as this on the Weber WSM.  I got both but since I got the WSM I'm trying to smoke ribs and got some problems. Either I start too hot or too cold, and don't mention the water pan debate.  Your settings are right on the money on the kettle and wish to master that flame on the WSM too.  Thanks in advance
Great video. Thank you
what a great video. Thanks! I just got my new weber 22 this week and am trying to learn it. found out with second test run today that on this grill I need to close the top vent and barely Crack the bottom to see 250.
awesome vid man, i see where i'm join wrong now
I'll use this method.  It makes good sense.  Question about the thermometer.  I've heard others say that the built in thermometer isn't accurate as ones that sit on the grill itself.  Is this true?
Great video! i just got a kettle for Chrisrmas so this is a perfect video for smoking. Keep up the great videos
Thanks for the info. Will definitely try it.
thanks for putting this video together, very helpful
What a great video!  Very informative.  I'm going to try this setup at the weekend with a pork shoulder.  I'm in the UK and I'm new to the Low & Slow technique.  Many thanks!
