much like your dowel making using a vice .. i tried this as well and the bottle SHATTERED... and ended up cutting the hell out of myself..
TALK ABOUT EVERYTHING BEING WILDLY AND MASSIVELY OVER ENGINEERED HOLY CRAP
Does he have carpal tunnel syndrome?
Now time to think what ur gonna do with that "bottle with wholes on " of yours which took you time and money.
Thank you for the video! May I know what is the machine that youre using to drill the hole? My guess is a drill press but im not sure.  If so, can you link the brand?  Thanks so much!
The putty dam is a great idea.
Diamond tipped drill is an expensive tool for such a simple project...does it worth it as a hobby?
There was one hole in the top, it was a nice hole, and smooth. I liked it more.  Perhaps the application is more general than Coke bottles... I will try this on my cat
Been up too long
Your palms looks like paddle. Omg
Excellent video which has helped me to drill in glass.  I liked the simple jig to hold the bottle.   I don't care about the intended purpose of the 'holy (!) bottle that seems to trouble some people.
Steady stream of water does better
I got stoned and I missed it
Lmao this comment section😂 it’s funny how much people think a like or well stoners I guess.
I’m intrigued by you claw hands 😐
I think you will find that pipe-it is pronounce pip-ette
Useless Veedio
i worked with a old timer doing Woodworking and he told me that in the 1970s he was sent to a job to drill holes in  glass shelving  and what he was told to use was wooden dowels as a drill bit  and   they used sand and water as  the cutting fluid  he claimed it worked very well  and faster than you would think it would ? i haven’t had the need to try it myself  but i have seen some inexpensive holesaw sets on Ebay  similar to the Starrett brand you used  with the claim that they had a diamond abrasive  on the cutting edge  i very often  look for imported tools on Ebay and when i find them  i look to see what else that seller has  in their store  i believe that’s how i saw those sets  as i too am a Woodworker and i often buy from those websites for items i call my consumables like drill bits and  some hole saws  with those Chinese import  tools like Forster drill bits  and other specialty bits  sometimes i can buy a large set  and have almost every size drill bit for way under a dollar a piece it’s the same way with 1/4” shank router bits  sure the quality isn’t there but they get the job done  besides i have a lot of high quality bits i’ve accumulated  during a 20 year career and  30 years of Woodworking as a hobby and a passion  my 27 year old son  who is handy  just asked me ho in the world did i afford to buy all my router bits  as he too does woodworking as a hobby i laughed and told him  i started out with a 15 dollar set from Sears a long time ago and bought one at a time as i needed that one  and as he knew about me i took very good care in  properly maintains that bit  so it was ready to be used again in the future  he is  well aware  of how  old my tools are  and that they  work  like they are suppose to
groetjes teun en julian en lisanne
Wondered why this has over 11million plus views...then I read the comments.
ну и зачем ее сверлить?
Try using a two-liter bottle with a tiny hole in the side to produce a thin constant water stream sitting beside the drill. I saw that trick on another you-tube video but I can’t find it. Sorry, no link. When I find it, I’ll post the link.
YOUR METHOD IS VERY EXPENSIVE.
FROM WHERE HAVE YOU PURCHASE HOLE SAW ?
It’s never that serious...
now that poor bottle  has no practical use... WHY
nahuja?
What’s this shit for? No 👎 se para que es ni idea en que me puede servir
R.I.P  My oncle😢😢😢😢
Why ??
If you use a drill with a tiny drill bit and constantly use a spray bottle you can do the same thing while going up bit sizes. Yours is cooler
This is so cool! Here's an application NOT related to bongs: I envision using this process to create some really cool glass holders for air plants, combined with some quality walnut or zebrawood as a base.
This guy has some crazy thumbs
i just use my handy dandy Laser Gun.  so much easier! sheesh!
I dont care what others say , you can make your own bong
what a waste of tme...
Very good, glad I watched, thank you
Th sound of the drill bit drilling into the glass makes my teeth flinch
that is good job  thank you for  your work
Who here is watching this to make a bong
Your bottle jig was all wrong. The bottle needs to be angled at 65° when drilling. This will ensure the rubber grommet seats and eliminating any airflow to  ceeate the optimum smoking pleasuer. Also, add your favorite  candy flavoring  or disolve jolly ranchers in  the water but that's on your wife's channel Patsy's How To Flavor Your New Coke Bong Water
nice
GOOD I WILL SUBCRIBE
Legit just looking so I can drill a hole in a crystal skull vodka bottle etc...... for bongs.
Lol nuts.the, now tell people where to buy that bit, and the best part HOW much it costs lol
This is a lot of effort for a bong...
I'm really here to learn to drill holes in glass. My wife, not so much so.
Il contagocce per refrigerare la fresa è una bestemmia
Excellent job. There's only one little thing that's bothering me: the chuck on that drill press wobbled all over the place. Maybe the next video could show replacing a warped chuck?
Should of just bought a bong,I think your shottie is too big ! Depends how big the buds are and how big of a choofer one is!
I'm sure it will come in handy:)
Good job
Chau au wa troi thminh
Nice Job..  So how long did it take to drill one hole ?   I'm sure you ended up with jagged edges and little fine cracks along the edge of hole.  a little snad paper and some clear epoxy will fix the edges.  But, I know it took longer than a 5 minute video.  I've drilled ceramic in work with diamond cutters,  many times..  it takes a while..  But those diamond cutters are getting real cheap, on ebay.
The end product would make a fun toy for your aquarium fish I guess, lol... sort of like a little glass cavern. But generally speaking, practical applications of this are limited, more of a proof of concept kind of thing. Also, can you still get your deposit back?  :D
You is super man.
Das ist wirklich toll.  Super! Dafür einen Daumen hoch (Thumbs up)
Want a small hole? A electric drill, Phillips head screw and valve grinding compound.  Put screw in drill and put compound on screw and drill slowly!
Of course he had to stick his finger in it.
وشنو الفايده من ثقب البطل
What if I don’t have a handy dandy fancy shmancy machine
Why?
what is new?
Good
......and I thought I had nothing to do...!!?
Great lesson on the drilling - you showed me how to stop breaking bottles. By the way,,,-In Australia it's said "Pip"- as in "Ship", and "Ette"- as in Met". ie- Lynette becomes Pipette. (No Offense)
Maybe this is an advertisement for glass drilling tool that anybody hasn't. How I came to get here!
Ok  mexico ; city. Saludos thankyou. !!!
seriously???   1: Fill bottle with sand, 2: Get slingshot, 3: Load steel ball bearing into slingshot, 4: Hit the fucker hard. Job done, clean hole every time.
OK  HOW MANY BOTTLES AND HOW MANY VIDEOS TO SHOW THIS.
Thanks for your contribution. It is distracting wondering why all the cuts in filming. You mention at the end that you were going very slowly. Was this also to let things cool down? Anyway, it'd be helpful to add a note near the beginning explaining why so many cuts.
I thought I'd be the only stoner looking for this video lol.
Without words !!! Was für eine Scheiße.
he alors ça sert a quoi?
Congratulations:  You now have a bottle with a hole.
Why water and not (dry) lubricant?
thats it? u drilled a hole in a glass bottle? im just kidding  keep up with ur content  im just not suppose to be here
Making a bong
a
everyone wants to make a bong        BUT I WANT TO MAKE PLASMA IN A TEST TUBE SCIENCE BITCH!
Hey pot heads, wear eye protection and use a respirator when drilling glass.
.
To make a hole in a piece of glass : just always refresh with water locally the point where the tooll is in contact with the glass. Use a can with a hole at the bottom and a piece of plastic tube to draw down the water on the glass.
that drill bit was spinning counterclockwise?
How to cut a slit into the square glass block in the corner to make a bank
in 1969 my dad helped me drill a round hole in wall mirror tile for a push button light switch. we used a short length of soft copper pipe with water and valve grinding compond
Next time use turpentine Instead of water
But there was already a hole in the top!
Anyone else notice the drill was in reverse for the first hole, it was spinning anti clockwise
Your drill press chuck is off center.
I just wanna get high bruh I:
There goes your bottle deposit.
But now, the Coke leaks out!
Fuck you you suck. Electric mike did that shit in only two steps. you probably don't even smoke weed. Go back to france
een oude methode was vroeger de boor averechts laten draaien zodat het er als het ware uitsleet
good job
how did he get the circular discs  out of the bottle ?
You are an inspiration to all, especially with I presume is arthritis in your hands, that aside I love your videos, they have given me the inspiration to copy them and make things rather than buying them. Thanks
Lol. home made bong
You never cut a hole in glass before?  Then you stuck your unprotected finger straight into the hole and rotated it?  The clips of Russian kids doing stunts on radio towers do not make me any more uncomfortable than watching that!
4% Arts and crafts 99.99% stoners
Thank you for a great video on cutting glass. I have cut holes in many wine bottles for Christmas Lights and never thought of using Plumbers Putty to hold the water on the bottle and create a reservoir.  I just used an atomizer bottle and keep spraying the glass to keep it lubricated.  Don't let the Pot Heads who replied to your ingenuity stop you from creating.  They aren't worth it..:)
ddrdf/<%ý
cool !
I watched it to the 3 minute mark and got what I need...420!
Wear safety equipment next time.
a clamp and a ceramic tile drill bit with even and slight pressure will drill holes in almost any bottle… you’re all welcome you’ll need rubber grommets to be truly air tight.
thanks jack you are a gooooooooooooooooooood man
Now I can make myself a flow glass gravity bong, thanks brotha
i just want drugs .. wft free ice
Thanks alot
That's really nice. Can you make a transparent bird house? That looks sort of like a birdhouse.
DANGER ⚠ Always wear full safety goggles or a face shield when drilling glass , Glass shards and splinters can cause severe eye injury and possible blindness and extreme pain , Glass can shatter violently while drilling sending shards flying , So good eye protection is a MUST anytime when drilling glass   Your vision is as precious as life itself  ALWAYS PUT SAFETY FIRST !!!!
When I was 7 , we did it . Use any drill -bit and some drops of turpentine. It goes like into a butter.  (Turpentine from Home Depot or any paint store. ) Buhahahahaha - fucking American inventure ! - Buhahahaha !!!
Now try with tempered glass. :)
99% of people that watched this are potheads.
Wow, I've never seen that before!  Very cool.  How much is the drill and where do you get it?
Muy bueno, éxito y gracias
No se para que le sirve barrenar una botella a Este viejo pendejo así son de estúpidos  los yanquis
No se para que le sirve barrenar una botella a Este viejo pendejo así son de estúpidos  los yanquis
whats bong?
WAY over thinking it....
why did you use a coring bit.... ??? should have used a spear point with oil. would have got a way better hole.  and for all the stoner f@9$ this is a 90° hole all it will be good for is a gravity bong.  how much did you spend on that bit ??
You could also put your whole jig in a pan with water deep enough to cover the bottle and drill the hole while the bottle is submerged.
"I used my ears because I could hear the sound" That's what ears are for you imbecile!
Chinese bongs are available at less than an coffee. why make it. a diamond cutter is 100 $
I came here to see how to put a light string in a coke bottle.    Light-up bong.
im a glazier instead of water we use anti freeze seems to work better
if anyone working on glass it's worth
Please tell me what's the role of plumber's putty and exactly what are it's effects and why the whole glass did not break? please tell me.
Good skill,Man....thank you
[*:-+77-*((+(*(-#
very good
why doesn't anyone ever lag their drill press to the floor for absolute stability....
Good
He heard the sound. Led Zeppelin playing in the next room.
Dude, you're gonna need a new drill press chuck, that one was wobbling pretty good.
Great video! The jig is perfect... Just a couple of suggestions from a glazier (glass guy) try using a hole saw that doesn't have those gaps on the cutting end. Those are probably why you are getting so much chip out (which can lead to cracks). You can also get diamond cutting/cooling oil. You can get both of those from crlaurence who is a glazing distributor all their stuff is also on Amazon so you don't need an account with them.
One TIP. You can easly cut the glass when it's under water.Water doesn't let the glass to overheat and catches the vibrations.
hola muy instructivo el video  pero si  fuese para ambos  lenguaje  mejor  toda  via  se le  agradece   gracias
Lol
Who else was here because they wanted to know to drill a hole in glass so they could make a bong?
good man
of course it is much easier when one has a nice workshop, fully set up, like yours. nevertheless, fun to watch. now lets see the next one, what you are going to do with the bottle.
It may be just me but i could see a bit of vibration on your Diamond hole saw.
stupid video.What is your address so I can send the bill for my wasted time and data?
hi Jack, thank you ver much. This is a wonderful.
Sir , thank you very much now I know.
u the hv patience for this type of work. Well done !
your drill is turning the wrong way round...
Jack, how did you get the cut pieces out of it? Thanks
Sorry, my bad, It was optical illusion :( I can see when the drill stops @3.26 it was spinning clockwise
Is there any reason the drill is in reverse?
8.5 million including me .  And what was the deal  ? I will never come back to youtube...
muito legal pena é que não intendo nada do que ele  fala fiquei sem saber para que serve uma garrafa de coca cola com dois furos no meio
how many came here because they are tired of their bottle bongs?
AND THE BOTTLE WAS ALIVE WHEN YOU NOW?
Are you from Canada
Que clase de broca utiliza, y la sustancia liquida como se llama y donde la consigo.
WHY?
Great video. How fast were you running your drill? And how much did that Starrett hole saw set you back lol
friendly advice when drilling in glass: you need faster drill rotation
is it just a camera illusion, or is the chuck on that drill press wobbling?
Interesting process. When you put your finger through the hole wasn't the edges sharp?
Chandan prasad gupta
why just why would you bother
"how to clamp a coke bottle" would hav been a better title.
why cola ?   :)
Umm can't wait for the next video
god
Just a thought. Considering you're putting this out for the public, chances are some may attempt this. It's important you recommend using safety goggles and gloves. Afterall, you're cutting glass. Not too many smart ones out there you know!
Maria  mara
I was gonna drill a hole, but then I got high...
متاسفانه تصاویر و ویدیو اجرا میشه
...do czego mu potrzebna ta dziura w butelce ?!!!!!
Migh help if the drill was going the right way? ie clockwise?
Very simple! just as easy as drilling aquariums!
How do you now keep Coke in it?
I'd rather watch grass grow.
Is more cheap to ask Coca Cola to make bottles with holes.
How to drill holes in a Glass Bottle "using a really big variety of tools that most of us don't have".
I'm going to guess bong
SO CRAP!💩💩💩
good idea.
How many RPMs?
thanks Jack !
ma perché?
Hi Jack, good technique!! How do you remove the pieces of glass dropped inside the bottle..?
love you uncle
Awesome!  Normally, I have to concentrate on not cutting my fingers while using shop equipment.  Now I can cut my fingers on the finished product.
brilliant. this will be really useful next time I find myself miniturised and stuck inside a glass bottle
Appears that you are running the drill in reverse .. counterclockwise or am I seeing it wrong ? Is the reason for this is so that drilling process is not so aggressive ?  Most cutters are designed for the drilling to be done with a clockwise rotation.
thanks for sharing your thoughts :)
what types of drill bit?anyone have the answer
good
nice
very nice work.... attention to detail in your set up and execution were refreshing. make  more vids please
👀👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
It is amazing to see what other youtuber are doing
and i thought it was going to be something Technical
I assume this video is more about the art of handling glass when exercising drilling on it rather than just a hole in a bottle. thx.
and now what?
Wow lot work for a mouse trap
Jack you are so cool !! obviously these people miss the point . Kinda like why ? would i need to take math class i won't ever use it . I love this kind of stuff it makes my brain think !
Yes, but how can I get my dick out of a glass bottle? This is what I really need to know. And I'd really appreciate a quick response. Thank you.
2:31 dumb old actually used his semen not water watch it.
Could you really be bothered to go through all this . . . . to drill a hole in a bottle?????
...why?
"There we go, now, that's one hole", and several lacerations of the eyes, hands, and nasal cavity.
The bottle already has one hole in it.
Gay.
Good
Last frame says it all
Contrary to popular opinion, I'm not here to make bongs. I just enjoy shop videos .-.
Всего один вопрос: нахрена?
DAB!
Just waiting for the cease and desist letter from the parent company of Coca Cola Company .. Dear Youtuber..You are defaming Coke!  Cool idea though..
Very nice
'I use my ears because I can hear the sound'. Teach me your ways o'Great one!
Hendi
Mongki
Doe jur hands normol
su speceliu tokiu greztu klyne ta bonke isgrezciau spetsas mat
good
HOW TO MAKE A BONG XD
hi
Try burning the bottle in the shape of hole
for why?
wats the use
nice video. I think I can use the idea of the jig more than making holes. Tnx
WTF, why, sad
I can't imagine wanting to drill the holes AND leave the loose glass in the bottle. So how is it to be removed?
The patience is strong with this one. Yes?
хуйня!
Thats easy i did that many years ago
nice
How come that drill appears to be cutting in an anti-clockwise direction? Do those drill bits work both ways or did I miss something?
I like all your video's.   I am more interested in the tools you use rather than the trick. nice collection. ..
Another coke's failed publicity!
Cool
Believe me,it was not the fist time
thanks for the great idea sir Jack
So basicly this is tutorial how to make a bong
هندسه
...........very cool ! ! ! ..........
Why ????? !!!!!!!!
Why would you need to do this? There is already a hole at the top.
nice
half these people just here to see how to drill holes to make bongs
good luck
lol
não sei falar inglês, se alguém poder me explicar qual a utilidade desse vídeo ficarei muito grato ok
what's up with his hands
Nice clip
Same
way too much time on his hands
Nice video but why do you keep your fingers like that
Petroleum is a better coolant/lubricant for drilling glass, in my opinion.
tag portuguese ,,,, como fazer furo em garrafa de vidro ,,, put in title ,,, thanks great vídeo
No dobre a načo je deravá fľaša ... ?!  Čo s ňou ?
We have so many s-holes already.Why another one in a bottle?
osam
Uspeo si veliki broj  gledatelja  ,ali je ovo bez veze svaki  i  ništa novo
Can't wait for the downstem tutorial, maybe you can teach us how to make a bowl as well well you're at it lmao
凄いですねぇ～😄 Makita（マキタ）の電動drill使ってて びっくりしました😄さすがに メイドイン JAPANです😄ありがとう😉👍🎶
yes,but for wai this holl ,mi friend heeeeeee
very  naic
hay
get a bottle fill half with water put on stove top on hi let bubble get a knife that will fit in bottle and drop, it will pop out bottom of bottle.
I have done similar things by submerging the work in a pan of water.
Azt fékezetthabzásu jóanyját, hát nem jöttem rá miért kell valakinek derékben átfurt Coca-Colás űveg???
To keep the hole from being so jagged run the bit as fast as possible.
Pipette:  Pronounced 'pip-et'.  Not pipe-it.
why would I want to spend $100 on a Diamond Drill just to put a hole in a bottle?
I had to drill a hole in a glass bottle before as well, trick I used was to fill a small bucket  with pea gravel (small stones) or sand, position your bottle inside and fill with water.  The gravel or sand will hold the bottle in place if packed around the bottle and the water keeps the glass from cracking with no need to keep adding water. You also have water on both sides of the work area.
Why all those downvotes?!
Now try this: submerse the bottle in the stand in a container with water. The water will absorb the vibrations and keep the bottle from shattering, and you should be able to drill in one go. So the theory :)
thanks sir
Who's here to make a bong 😂😂
멋진 아이디어네요~ 좋아요..
pra que é essa bosta caralho?
What's the point of this exercise please
Who's heree Bc of bongs
Cool...THX
I saw a Hair Line crack in the first Hole Drilled :D
If you look at the finished result the cut has a lot of chatter to it. That's because that but is a rough cut bit.  What you can do is chuck it up and square a stone abrasive with your drill table. Move it into the turning bit until you hone it smooth on the outside aspect.  It will make a clean cut then or you can get a true glass bit.
you do realise there is already a hole in the top for you to drink from...
safir, Goedenavond Een goede vriend van de week van de week van de week van de week van de week van de week van de week van de
Ik spreek Beterschap
(finger)
So far 5.8 million plus views and I wonder why?
Pretty cool
make a bong man
one pocker 😊
Are you dutch? Houweling sounds very dutch.
e a che serve ?
apology for what use is that bottle
ok
ok
who else is making a bong?
Cool lol
its nice but do you expect people to have or buy all the tools you have ?
I use a dart and gently tap away in one spot works fine
what's so special about this. I'll tell you,I'm surprised you didn't shatter the bottle with that brickies core drill.you should have used a lapidary core drill-smoother and less vibration. glass is actually the softest of the lapidary materials that is usually cut,being only 5 on the Mhos scale
good morning Mr. Jack
how to.... make a bong out of a coke bottle...
who else is here because they want to make a glass bong?
thank u for showing this video im in ore of ur tools
it's pronounced pip pet
what is the use ?
what a skill waaooh
glass shuld be cut fast ur drill is to slow go and learn before u publishe vidios
cool well done good work good garage tooFrech likers!
You can drill, saw and also cut a glass with a scissor if they are under water (just under the water)
ΑΠΟΛΥΤΗ  ΥΣΗΧΙΑ - ΗΡΕΜΙΑ
şişeyi deldinde ne oldu başın gögemi erdi
welcome to build a bong 101
Hi Jack, please do not forget to wear a mask !! A small glass particle inhaled through your lungs can be devastating.
Thank you  Jack I found this interesting. ☺
Now to make a bong.
That was great! Wish I had a drill press, but I'm working on it:-) I'm thinking though with your jig (wonderful Idea) I could use my hand drill because the holes I want to drill are about 1/4"-1/2"? I normally work with metal, but I am starting to like wood and glass too, Thanks again!
optical illusion? or was the drill running in reverse?
Is he's hands stuck like that
not cool brother
Another tip - fill bottle completely with water first - helps keep the heat down
Hi Jack, my dad was named Jack, he was a master locksmith by trade.  He was always in his element in the workshop as you seem to be. fantastic video. Kind regards Danny from the UK.
nice grand lol
Badass light switch
Hi, that is cool. i want help, i want to install automatic single parking lock in my parking spot but i dont want to break red brick on ground, so can you assist? thanks
now smoke sum crack in it
I must say I admire your work especially with the issues you have with your hands. most people would say " I cant do anything with my hands " . So from the UK, well done fella and keep up the good work.
in 4:11 it's like an dick
Great Art.
making me a bong :)
the its forgeb gananc cup dey two parabeniz lou hitp nuck...sei lá o que eu escrevi,eu sou brasileiro pohha.perde seu tempo não. ..perdeu ta vendo só.vlw😂😂😂
why
Obodman you may be correct but at 3.20 the water seems to go anti clockwise  may know something we don't ?
i don't know why, but i wanted to try and drill a hole in a bottle once... great video!
la oca cola no veverla es super mala
Your drill seems to be a little bit offset?
.....   PORQUE  NAO  SE  TRADUS  A  PAGINA  ???????????????????
thies is varry good
Next video only has one million views. Does anyone think Jack has figured out the reason for the discrepancy yet?
great jobs
I wouldn't spend couple hundred bucks for a diamond drill....
is there a reason for the drill going anticlockwise ?
How to drill a hole in a glass bottle. Step 1 - drill a hole - done!
How do you get the pieces of glass out of the bottle. And what's a Bong ?
Brew some bods man !
and what i do with this bottle after process?
लैय भारी
Very Weak good.
I think I know why we are all here
quem não tem o que fazer inventa!
I want to do that
Why am i watching a man drill a hole i a coke bottle at 5am.
This was a handy video for me.  I've seen people stuff dark glass bottles with Christmas lights and they make very pretty night lights.  Will give this a try.  Wish I didn't sell my drill press though.  I was told I could use a Dremel with a steady hand and going around a quarter.  Kind of hard on a curved surface but will try it.  Heard I could submerge the bottle in water and I have a device to hold it steady.  ~~~ thanks for the video!! Good job.
Parabéns...
Coca Cola  Public relations
Why woud i need to make a Hole in a glass botle anyway.................
Osaka bin turnt, I thinking the same
final clip HORROR!😓
:D                                  TNKS
what is it :/ ı dıdnt understand about ıt
this is total useeles
its all about dampening the vibration. vibration kills glass
what's the use in doing this?
Thank you for your vidéos ,I am wondring how we can grill  à hole in to tempred glass ?
end of the video he turns into a zombie!! haha
how comes you have chuck wobble?
+Jack Houweling I have been planning a project using gallon size glass pickle jars. The glass is thinner than a Coke bottle, but I am thinking of adapting your technique. What do you think?
he can hear the sound!
sweet a glass bong!
haha bong engineer
Pore man ))
Great ideas - THANKS!. I've broken several glass drill bits due to not being careful enough doing this in glass or tiles of very hard porcelain. Have an awesome life in your workshop & keep us posted!
pretty cool
So, basically, all you need to drill glass is a diamond tipped drill bit, little lubrication, (water in this case), and a lot of patience.  If you use too much pressure on the drill bit, it will break every time.  I'm betting I if you sped up the drill, you could use a tad more pressure, but I don't know.
axit  HF + thủy tinh
Excellent Jack. Great video without frills. Good quality and also good narration. Sincerely JF ( UK )
hé i'm familly
APESAR DE EU NÃO SABER MUITO INGLÊS, CONSEGUI ENTENDER TUDO ACOMPANHANDO O SEU TRABALHO. UM GRANDE ABRAÇO....
one whole was enough in bottle bro
.
im trying to find a bit like that and i cant find it at homedepot for some reason.
drills running backwards ?
Круто если на токарном станке разрезать бутылку , нарезать резьбу и скрутить .
I won't do that if i were y
very nice..
the finger?
so nice
sranje za debile americke
I know where to get all these things but where to get Water™?
This is smashing, not drilling (cutting)
sit
Dude... of course you can drill through a coke bottle IF YOU HAVE A DIAMOND DRILL AND A STATIONARY VERTICAL DRILL (whatever it is called) ! Whats the point of this video?
what about the small hole for the carb.?
"I used my hearing more than I did my feel because I can hear the sound" 😂
WOW NICE
not every one has electric tool ,, some are sill on hand tools like me i dont have electric tools
ok, but... what for???
Well you made me cry
"This is can be new for me."
why 😯
Anyone notice how messy the hole in the coke bottle is? Or how out of TRUE the chuck in the drill press is? Bloody tool is wobbling all over the place, the chuck is out of true by about 5mm, focus on one side of the chuck and watch the width expand and contract as it turns. NEVER getting a round hole with that in your shop. And 3in1 works better than water as a coolant, adds lube and catches glass swarf at the same time. Drill, drop bottle into metho bath to remove all swarf and oil. Beasts the ITCHY fingers for days on end after getting powdered silica in your pores.....
Useless
Coke bottles are not pure glass.  They are made of a glass/plastic blend.   Nevertheless, this is the way to do it.
why are here people making dumb comments,, nothing else to do with youre life or what..
bongs *cough cough* bongs
رائع
next task: hole in glass ball.
wtf? 我有這個機器 我也會鑽啊
In case if an apocalypse, now yall know how to make a bong
2:57 I'm sorry, but thats one ugly ass hole
hey everyguan
U make it wayyyyy top complicated
at 2:57 I noticed the edge is not smoth, and it even looked pretty sharp.  At 3:55 I see you putting finger into the hole.  What did you do to smoth out the edge?
really awesome
Were all here to make bongs.
Who here is watching this to make a bong like me.
Aaaaand we are doing this why?
Step 1. Have yourself a well stocked workshop
nice
you should get some fortsner bits so much better tha hole saws otherwise nice video
you've created a new problem. bottles now don't only get stuck up somebody's wazoo, now dicks can get stuck in them too.
thanks, bro. i was looking for a way to do it has been a long time. it'd be nice try some of your stuff with non-electric tolls, to make the chalange harder.
Very cool to see someone showing ways for us regular woodworkers to do cool stuff with not a bunch of expensive tools and fussy set ups!
🌹 💯 💯
Great video mate, thanks. In the background you had a case of hole saws or tank cutters?? Could you send me a link of the ones you've got - am looking into buying some!! thanks again
WHAT'S THE POINT OF IT ?
drill rotation left?
my only question is....why?
ça sert a quoi ?
Nice info. Thanks for your time.
kjbjvjxcbcç bchgcjbvvnockhvcn  kh  ljvçclncnçnvcvnlnvckhgçih ihgçcihgcihgcijtckjgchigcihgcougcojgcohgcihfckhgcojgclhgcojgckhgckhtclhgcljtckhg iyrihrckhrckhxrkhrcljtlutljtvljljtljtlutlulhgou4clutlutu4pıi4ıjyvjlhık yık yk ıhmh ş  h kı kjə hk ui uiu hpp hou h hpup uhjo h
I've worked with wood and glass for 20 years and you don't need a drill press or the jig to do this. you do need to use the putty but instead of water use any kind of oil. A cordless drill and steady hand works fine. You can also drill smaller holes using  a spade bit made for drilling holes in tile that you can buy at any walmart or home depot for under 10 bucks
Hi, thanks for the video. When you say drilling slowly, what RPM are we talking? Thanks
It would be good if you wrote "first time" into the title.
Nice info Jack. Thanks again!
Для чего спрашивается)
Do u shot before in your hand
NOW , WHAT FOR ?...
good job sir
Love you sir
UTILISE DU PETROLE DESAROMATISE POUR COUPER SET PLUS SIMPLE
bongs ,....
Forget that bottle, what's with that knife switch?
a hole in a bottle, oh yeah
Hi dude! Why would you want to cut a hole in a bottle?
Ahora te faltaría comentar para que sirve una botella con dos agujeros...
Why do you not ever straighten your fingers?
The best lubricant for drilling in glass is turpentine. Smelly, but effective!
its cool but why would you want to do that to begin with.
How to drill holes in glass: buy things that can drill holes in glass
Nicely done !  We use to make table lamps using soda and liqueur bottles. This was one of our school projects in Junior High.
Вот мужику делать нечего,!
I enjoyed your video.
It's called "trepanning".  If you put sand or some other abrasive in the water, it works much faster and better.
You should attach you shop vac in some fashion to contain the dust while drilling. that micro-fine glass dust can be dangerous in your lungs.
I wonder if a 2-liter bottle held upside down like an I.V. unit with a slow valve would help in providing the water in the cut?
safety first
Good process of drilling on glass bottle.
Amatér, ručně vrtam s akú vrtackou diery o priemere 75mm len s rozliatou vodou... a bez stredového hrotu :-_
Love to see people still building stuff :) I subscribed to you my man. Keep it up
I have drilled glass before and filled inside with sand
Pretty cool Brother.
I seem to remember using kerosene to lubricate glass for cutting, of course that was flat sheets that we scored and snapped. Never knew why the kerosene, I guess it was just how I was shown ...
For making two holes we want to buy those machineries... :-)
For making two holes we want to buy those machineries... :-)
for making two holes we want to buy those machineries... :-)
for making two holes we want to buy those machineries... :-)
neat work. i like it
nice
Boy this is tough, my friend used to do this 40 years ago with a 6.00 Kmat drill motor and a .99 cent bit.  3 million views, bullshit.
how did you remove the excess glass inside?
Safety first !    Always wear eye protection, those minuscule particles of glass go flying away from that drill bit at bullet speed and it's unpredictable which direction. They would easily penetrate your eyeball !  Put on your safety goggles before you start the drill.......
Where is your Chillum?
So yea, let's make a Bong :D
Kul
Standard technique for cold working glass.  Glass shop I worked with was too cheap to buy carbide bits, though.  We usually made our own drill bits from either copper pipe or other glass tubing and then filling the putty well with a mix of mineral oil and garnet sandblasting abrasive.  Teeth on the bit help some, but they don't need to be sharp, just an indent that provides a path for slurry to flow.
you also can use grinding sticks of diamond, they are not expensive, its a cent article. just have a look at the cooling, thats the important thing!
pretty cool...!!!
Dinge die kein Mensch braucht.
for me its a usefull demonstration. thx.  Ravi - colombo
Forget about drilling holes into glass and toss it in the recycling bin lol
Aff
I can hear the sound? really ?
lets be real were all here to make home made bongs
Thanks for another great video Jack!
fakyu
แตกไปกี่ขวดแล้ว
แตกไปกี่ขวดแล้ว
anything could be passable if u HV the right tools
Chalex cool
The diamond drill bit was out of round....or not aligned in the chuck.
He is sooooo happy now, because he drills a hole in a bottle,,,Waw
2:21/4:42    The bottle was crack  a little so he change the bottle .
How did you get the glass out of the bottle from the cut? It seems like those pieces would've been too large to come out of the top or the openings easily.
This was very good - thanks for taking the time to post this - I've drilled into glass before but had not used a clever jig like you show here - I learned something, thank you
I donot understand why should one learn how to drill hole in bottle.. what is the concept
Because I can hear the sound. That just made me laugh.
jók vagytok anglusok!
very nice ... thanks
Awesome :)
ما هو الهدف من هذا
.verbazend
有点意思😊😊😊
acum știu cum să dau găuri
Nice bong, ey?
WHY SO COLL ITS SO UGLY TO WATCH THIS SHIT
"When You're weary, feeling small..." When I'm upset, I hide myself in the barn, close the door and windows tightly, and drill glass bottles... One, two, three... More and more glass bottles till I feel better. )))
Cool!  Nice work.
for 2nd hole I would just fill up the bottle through 1st hole and continue drilling from same side as 1st hole. I know, I am lazy, what ever...
Wow, thanks!
Muy bueno de saber, felicitaciones por el canal
wtf are u doin
you can make a bong out of a plastic bottle you know
why i am watching this ???
And we would need to drill in a Coke bottle... because?
neat work Jack. The secret is not to rush...once try to do it quickly glass will break..thumbs up man.
waste of wood
è  possibile vedere questi filmati ascoltando li in italiano ?
How many of the 2M+ viewers have access to a drill press ??
That is pretty cool.
ت 0796393977 ابوحميد
للاستثمار .مزرعه.استراحه. مشتل.حديقه طيؤر.جمعيه .صالات.مصنع .تصلح لجميع الاستثمارات. كهرباء وماء وسيل علئ مدار السنه
sorry but you pronounce it "pip et" not "pipe it"
hahahamamstik
so true Ryan sanders
so true Ryan sanders
so true Ryan sanderz
Fare ducopaig
"Because i could hear the sound" 😂
how to make a bong out of a coke glass bottle
1:39 to 1:47 is that Satan??????
dremel works fine
a walk in the park.......................well done.
Best example of using geometry in carpentry I've seen yet; putting the dowel into the first hole to determine where to drill the second hole.  Brilliant!
I don't know what else I expected from watching this..
Sticking your finger through that glass hole was rather dumb. You're lucky you didn't need 10 or 20 stitches.
How to cut a whole in glass. Buy a diamond tipped glass cutter.
how to do
it  is not true are you done
Why was the drill running in reverse please?
whats wrong wit your right paw? snake bite ??
very nice   10+
برنامه جالبیه توصیه میکنم ببینید
Why did he want to drill a hole in the glass bottle?
is your drill press warped or something?
For N!xau is the bottle with hole maybe useful
Thanks for the great tip. Now I want to drill some holes in bottles simply because I can.
thank for this video. it is new for me.
Your chuck is out of round that's why you got that CRAPPIE cut.
Suggestion. To reduce the chipping use a spay bottle filled with chilled (freezer) water and spray continuously and heavily. Better yet . If you have the cap, fill the bottle with chilled water. You can spray as well.
look very silly, if you want hole use plastic bottle.
Can you make hole in the water, as well ....???
Download champcash from play store and earn money without any work Sponsor id 375661
Why?
as if we all have these equipments in our garage !! thx for the vid anyway.
Бульбулятор что-ли захуярил?
>how to drill holes in a glass bottle >buy a diamond glass drill  what a smartass.
why must I drill holes through a coca cola bottle?
I've broken a lot of wine bottles making lamps out of them. I wish I had seen this video a few years ago! Thanks for sharing!
what's the purpose of all this job????
been wanting to make bottle lamps I believe this method will help a lot. thank you very much.
you look lot like James Patterson :)
Jack, thanks for sharing this very technical idea.
why doesnt the bottle crack or plit or even bust?
You did not really have to go through all that trouble to make a hole in it buddy as there is a hole in it already underneath the cap at the top of the bottle LOL!!!! Great video and well done with drilling.
How did i get here?
Thanks for the video. I'm going to drill drain holes in a ceramic dish that is just the right low profile for my bonsai tree.
teach us how to drill a hole in an apple watch like yours! JK, nice video!
can you make smaller holes to make an musical instrument?
เหมือนสว่านจะหมุนกลับทาง
COULD HE PUT A  STOPPER ON THE END AND FILL WITH A BIT OF WATER AND DRILL THRU BOTH SIDES, IF THE BIT IS LONG ENOUGH
How to drill in glass. Buy a glass hole saw thanks bro
wonderful,thank you so much
amazing
"I use my hearing because I can hear the sound. "
cool
damn there goes 1000bucks for this tools just to drill holes in a bottle
cool I like
How to cut a hope in glass windows ?
I too can "hear the sound".
Howdy!  Glad to see your video.  I'm a retired pilot and years ago decided to drill a hole in my windshield so I could have an "OAT" gauge. (outside air temperature)  Used the same putty but for some reason thought I should use something like kerosene and it went just fine.  Glad to see how you are thinking.
легко
Sweet now I can make a glass bong
так и не понял...нахуя?!
I drilled glass the first time today and I didn't make those holes perfect like yours. I still had few cracks but not to bad, I did it has a part for my LED lights projects. Now I know how to use it for a bong lol and other projects I could do.
I drilled glass the first time today and I didn't make those holes perfect like yours. I still had few cracks but not to bad, I did it has a part for my LED lights projects. Now I know how to use it for a bong lol and other projects I could do.
gotta come up with something myself! I mean, the fella has got 1.6 million viewers watching a coca cola bottle being drilled.
Who would dislike this I mean if you do dislike this you YOU ARE A JERK!
Autoplay when I am bored...
Were you running the drill press backwards. or was that just camera magic?
very good job well done
Building an electric lamp shade..?  Only a Canuck would use a Coke bottle and take an hour building a jig.  :)
Good
You are like me (57) and I believe that your wife is happy with you. I think everything in your house is repaired in seconds.
50% of these comments - "Omg how did I get here? xDD I was watching another video and I clicked on this one and then somehow ended up here xDD" 40% of these comments - "Omg hes making a bong lmao 420 blaze it" 5% of these comments - "Wow that a waste of time there are absolutely 0 applications for this and it's your fault I watched this" 5% of these comments - actual feedback
What the hell! How did i even get here? One second i was watching stuff about anime the next i'm here i'm confused?
l am a glass finisher at Langham Glass , you need to watch a professional,  your bottle has some sharp holes that need attention! !!
OmG I would soooo have put all four screws in before putting the bottle there ...
Wobbly shaft!, well what you expect at that age :)
absolutely wasting time. any street demon can put a hole thru anything any bottles.  idiot.
Hah! Hes canadian
What's the use to that ? A quoi ça sert ? Un joli collier en bouteilles de coca cola ? A nice necklace ?
100 punti
cool....thanks for sharing
*Very nice. Atte. GINO INTROS & TEMPLATES FREE.*
thank you Mr  I'm happy for watch video
or you can simply heat a smooth steel rod to red and insert it to make a smooth hole. that should work
very cool ,maybe one could use your technique to build a hookah.  .
If anyone just wants a bong, all you need is a bottle, a Dremel tool, masking tape and patience. Put the tape where you want to drill and go slow. He is 100% right about using your ears instead of your eyes! With this method I have actually been able to drill holes into glass as thin as light bulbs without breaking them.
for the rest its a good video , i forgot to mention it last time
wy is it counter clock wise spinning?
I had no idea why but was fascinated by how!
ok, ok.... but why? why one should do that?
From an old machinists hand book it say kerosene works as the best lubricant.
why cocacola .....?
wtf, I was watching lighting storm videos and this was recommended... Thanks YOUTUBE! (nice video though)
What benefit ?  What is the practical application  ?
손쥐는 모양 되게 거슬리네
a lot of setting up, when you could have done same thing, using a soft clamp vice, and a masonary drill on slow speed, straight through.
تظرب شو يعني هاذ اختراع
4:26 i thought you were supposed to taste the sound
that's great, however  why I need  to make a hole on a glass bottle  ? and who cares about that ? even if I interest making a hole on the bottle I won't buy a drill machine or whatever you call it for doing that
I have seen glass drilled with a piece of copper tubing in the chuck of a drill press.  You make the dam, but fill it with valve grinding compound, the paste kind.  As you press the tubing into the glass and paste, bits of abrasive get set in the soft copper, and form the cutting edge of the bit.  You keep bump, bump, bumping, until you have the hole.
perdi quatro minutos e quarenta e dois  segundos da minha vida olhando esse vídeo!
well done , could you please set the link of the video which shows what to do with this bottle ?
Test comment
I think it will be hard to drink out of it now..... Nice job though
I worked at a glass company and we used turpentine as coolant when drilling or cutting glass.
Slovy klasika: "K čemu je to dobré, vy kreténe?"
why i need a hole in a glass bottle???
Advantage?? LOL
What is this for ???
Very useful, dude!
make coke bottle bongs and you can sell em 10$ ea at least
bongs
انجب
The mastic dam should be placed further away from the bit to allow more water to be used as a reservoir so that you don't need to stop drilling. The on-off pressure of the drill press will cause fractures.  Just a thought.
how did you remove the broken glasses that fell of inside the bottle?
Great vid. The plumbers putty was an idea that had never occurred to me. Tks. I once owned a car that had door glass that kept falling off. The problem was that instead of a hole to bolt the glass to the tract, it had a metal tract crimped on. A rubber material was in-between the metal and glass, so the crimped metal applied pressure on the rubber. And thus the glass. The problem was the rubber gets old and, low and behold, one day you roll down your window but the glass stays up, then crashes to the bottom of the door. I tried everything to drill the tempered glass but no luck. I would love to know of a way to drill it, this problem bugs me to this day, even though I sold the car years ago.
Why is the drill press turning the bit in counter clockwise, shouldn't it be turning in clockwise or right handed?
drilling backwards?
No disrespect but there is excessive play in your pillar drill. Plus had you used a different medium for lubrication / cooling you could have got a cleaner hole without the chipping.
Watching you use the pipet was a little amusing, did you consider a water spray bottle on stream; it would have been a little more convenient.  Nice job!
Why didn't you just keep drilling the second hole from the inside out?
Co to kurwa jest
can you do it without any water
you can get the same resluts if you fill the bottel with water
anyone else get here from trollstation ?
Херню насверлил мужик. Надо сверло сплошное брать - а не коронку с прорезями по бетону. Нагрыз а не просверлил, чё попало короче))
Are you sure that you could hear the sound? I can see sound and smell colors.
yes the diamond drill bit cant stand too strong force
I guess the putty acts like a Vibration absorber.
I`m amazed that you could drill that bottle due to the huge runout of your drill press!  Bet that hole drill wasn`t cheap.  That said, a good video and I`ll remember it if I have need to drill a bottle.
انت ضيعت وقتي طال عمرك
You did not have to turn the bottle over. The top hole could be used as a guide for drilling the bottom hole. The water would still have flowed down the drill bit and into the cutting area of the bottom hole carrying away the heat and debris.
Hey,,a Dutch name :)
You deam glas ,  but what espri  What does job
how did you get the pieces of glass out?
HES doing all that with artrightus. dang and it not slowing him down at all.
This all seemed really easy and possible until he said "ok now take out your diamond tripped drill bit" lol
Very Very Very wonderful, epic video .... Simple way and perfect result .... Thank you from Dubai.
Are you Canadian?
interesting for me is cool
Unuseful...
Remember to keep it wet while drilling, glass dust isn't something you want in your eyes or lungs. I might even recommend wearing some eye and breath protection. A piece of advice from someone, who used to work with glass. Happy drilling =)
just put some putty or plasterstine on bottle pust finger through to make a hole add oil and drill, easy as that
cool but really dont care for ,much :d
Nice job  |     I will try in my home   thank u dad
Danke für den Tip
That's great!  Now You could drink from the bottle, while filling it up through a funnel in the hole.  It'll become a bottomless bottle!  Thats realy unbelievable!
Great for making water pipes or I think they are called "Tobacco Bongs", (but don't quote me).The little "Kinko-Man" bottles work great for this purpose, then piece a heat resistant hose into the hole that has a 3/8" I.D.,  I read this somewhere.
super tare
hi. there is no need to go to all this trouble.if you use washing-up liquid water down.one teaspoonfull washing up liquid to a pint of water is all you need.i drill glas a lot  and use a  glass drilling cutter.i find the hardest glass to drill is what is  called [ fine cut glass]. if your not carefull with that it will  go bang.and you will have a load of glaa everywhere. good video .thanks.les
I was searching for Kanye west song and I am here.
pp
Great video Jack! (I subbed your site good Sir).
When you said make a little Dab I was laughing. It it a bong?
is good idea thk.
انا وش جابني هنا 😐
I used a totally different approach. Instead of keeping it cool i used a blunt drill and applied only a little force and after a while the glas got hot and the drill went through it like butter.
3,000 is from Brazil my friend.
cool  but so many tool need to buy..
i hate your kreepy thumbs
you know, ya think people watching this will be people who are interesting in stuff like wood working but no there all people that want to drill holes in safes and make bongs
is that a delta drill press? i have one and it has a lot of runout like that as well.
why i should make some holes in bottle?? i don't think is useful
What shall u do with this bottle after that much struggle,
why not drill the second hole using the first hole as a guide ?
ni chuj nie wiem o co chodzi
you can drill holes in glass with a brass or copper tube using a bit of silica carbide  slurry and the dam ... far cheaper and makes a cleaner hole than the diamond bit you  used
do not care about the other! :D you are amaizing!
bef2ree
matori jarće.
I'm sure this will come in handy...um never....
Did not even know stick a glass in this way, I loved this way of working
ma ... e una volta che hai fatto tutto 'sto casino ? La bottiglia te la picchi in fronte ? Che cazzo te ne fai di una bottiglia così scassata ?
DRILLING HOLESs in a glass ....it is like hobby for mental patients
why???????
Very talented..
Bill Clinton
damn, i broke about ten jack daniels bottles with a tile bit before i got it right. i was going for a smaller hole though, and i only drilled one side.
bản sao của chiếc máy vô dụng  :)))))
Excellent!
Watch his face at the end of the vid😂😂😂😂😂
nice
your finger really get my attention, i can see that's because you have being carpenter for a long time.
Important question. What is it for?
Is it an optical illusion because of the video frame rate, or is the drill press running backwards?
if Jack makes 4 bottles like this and puts a wooden frame through these holes he could make the first table with coke bottle table-legs in the world?
you've had something happen to your hands. i noticed within seconds. But you still work with them.  Good stuff
' cooool drill on the glass bottle... why drill turn backward while drill in the bottle
You might be a master, it is you first time drilling glass and you made it like a boss....
oh my god thats amazing!!!
YOUTUBE  CLIP  SINGER  WAÏBY  /  FLY  OFF  TO  THE  SUN  !  Huggy  ACTOR  IS  SUIT  WHITE  SHIRT  +  TIE  -  WITCH  WAÏBY  IN  THE  CLIP
Brilliant! I thought it might take a few tries. There could be all sorts of uses for bottles with holes!
Now its ready for bottle tokes :)
وشسوا ذا
that gave me inspiration for making home made ionized alkaline water with 2 large glass jars 👍 thanks 👍
You should be wearing safety glasses for that type of work.  Otherwise, good video.
When you drill your second hole there seems to be some kind of support (looks like a 3/4 in. dowel) under he glass bottle.   Didn't hear you mention this in the video. Did I miss something???
BTW NICE APPLE WATCH
now what .... ?!
pretty cool. your jig sire made it seem easy. i have never drill glass either  but you peaked my interest
this will be extremely helpfull next time i have to drill a hole in a glass bottle.
please what why u will do that ?
Y dont u think in a hot way
Water pipe = bong bong Bong bong bong BONG bong
Fuc offf
Starret makes great tools. I wonder if there is a supplier here in europe.
You need to wear safety  glasses.
very nice.....congratulations......                                      São Paulo - Capital - Brasil
Impressive!!
Non capisco l'inglese,ma dopo questa stronzata, la bottiglia  se la infila di sicuro nel CULO
le inventi tutte bravo
I have messaged you on Facebook on another technique for drilling glass..
at the end of the video your face looks creepy
This is a lot of effort for a bong...
Excellent , thanks for sharing , always makes my mealtimes much more interesting to sit and watch such unusual things being  done!
good job long time i was think how is made
I heard that coke claimed no one could drill a hole in their bottle and not break it ...Well its cool you have proved them wrong...Good job...
Nice drill top of the line eh
Here's the question.............Why?
If you want a smoother hole, I would suggest that you make a cofferdam of wax or putty around the spot where you want the hole, put a slurry of water and carborundum (say 120 grit) into the cofferdam, chuck a soft metal rod or tube (say cooper or brass or aluminum) of the diameter that you want your hole into your drill press, and then repeatedly press down and lift up this rod or tube  as if it were a drill bit or hole saw. This is what folks like to make their own Cassegrain telescope mirrors used to do and although it takes a bit of time, it works just fine. (I haven't done this myself, but I have done something similar, namely cutting through Pyrex glass tubing using a piece of aluminum mounted in a hack saw frame and a carborundum slurry.)
Reverse drilling.Ha ha ha. Say so.
For those of you wondering what could possibly be the purpose of drilling a hole in glass, I cam imagine that it would be useful for fabricating  for chemistry applications, in cases when chemical resistant vessels and apparatus  need to be constructed.  I am sure there are lots of other uses.
is the purpose of the plumbers putty to retain the water for cooling?
nice job...and whats the purpose of drilling a hole across a coke bottle?
Nice jig!
Neat!
Very goog!
Very Ingenious and potentially useful… Sorry but I could help but notice—what's up with your hands? I knew a couple Friends with that sort of look. One had his hand cut off and reattached. The other had dove through a plate glass window (Accidentally) severing many tendons—And the increasing numbness from my carpal tunnel sees my own thumbs not wanting to open up some of the time like your thumbs seem to want to do... …..RVM45
Thank you sir.
u better made something more profitable than that....u got a good tool to start with....
Since you really seem to know what you're doing, I would like to ask if you had any ideas for putting a square hole in the side of a bottle.. I'm trying to build a tiny fireplace for my desktop (more for show than any real functionality). I have a Ginger Beer bottle, and I'm trying to just take out the center of one side of the bottle.  So far my thoughts would be to just take a utility knife and ever so slowly score it all the way through, but this would likely take far longer than is necessary.  P.S. Please, no one criticize whatever I have said. There are more ways than one to do anything, and I'm an inventor so I enjoy those alternate ways. It's just a simple question. Thanks!
Nice vid..  I noticed that the drill wobles a bit, which contributes to the little pieces that have chipped away at the edge of the hole during the drilling. That could be a sign that the drilling speed was a bit low. At a higher drilling speed the wobbling force of the drill bit could have less impact on the edges, because it would be distributed more evenly. But I guess at this point it is merely a matter of trial and error.  And it didn't stop me from a subscription  to your channel. ;)
And the point of this was.....
You'd get a better finish and less jumping when you drill if you use a non-segmented hole cutter drill (continuous edge,  no 'teeth').
That Starrett hole saw must have been expensive. You can get diamond tools on eBay pretty cheap. I bought a set of smaller sizes that would be great for making bongs.
awesome jack !
I have watched holes drilled in bottles the best way I have seen is with that exact drill bit that you have in the bottle completely submerged under water so that it stays cold and lubricated!!
Smart.Thanks for sharing
That is very coooool
Great video....but one question Why Plumber putty???
Cool! I like them make more
I use that drill to drill holes in glass bathroom tiles to put lights in for x mas decorations
just heat up a steel rod and then push it through the bottle
What's the use of drilling a hole or two on a coke bottle? How about drilling a hole in your spoon or shoe sole next time?
with this diamond drill, it is more a grind than a drill.
now wat?wats up with that hole?
holy damn this guy can hear sounds :O
Excellent. But why I need that?
good
On thin glass you can support the back side by filling the bottle with canning wax first. After your done just steam the wax out and you can reuse it over and over.
thanks Jack, you gave me an idea with my next project.
how did I get here
You may find that metholated spirit is a much better cutting lubricant for glass.. for cutting steel use oil and for  aluminium use water.. :)
nice video. one tip... use the highest speed.,  will have better result since that drill bit dont need any torque.
don't be complicated, try to use a battery drill with marble drill under the slowly water, that more simple✌
thanks from Iraq
Amazing my friend.
what if we use oil instead of water?
Ironically, a few years ago I needed to drill 4 holes into 2 separate coke bottles myself. I bought the glass bit off of ebay, the first time I tried using it I broke the bottle. The 2nd time I got through it but had many stress fractures in the glass and it was very rough as well. Then I thought about using water as a lubricant, I just simply used a water bottle and poked a hole in the cap with a thumb tack. My brother squirted a steady stream while I drilled and they came out so clean, I'd say perfect. Might be worth a shot. All with a cordless drill too.
good morning thanks for your  time i wnant to know how many revolutions?
I can't wait to see what are doing with this bottle.
NICE
Your drill bit does not appear to be running true.  Seems to have a good bit of wobble.  Quill runout.  Still interesting.  Thanks
Just a TIP....!   Watched this being done at local glass shop. They added some carborundum dust  { sweepings from around a grinder } to the water in the DAM. Worked really well. Thanks.
Where did you buy that bit?!
very nice. good idea.
So turns out diamonds aren't only a girls best friend! Thanks Jack learned something new!
how did you get the drilled glass out..
Great jig and technique Jack!  Good tip with listening for how the bottle is reacting to the drilling.
ممتاز
So cool, Jack!
Thats the first time I've seen somebody do that. Cool
Muy Original.
Nice and clean job!!! Thanks for good video.
Cool
I've never thought of cutting a hole through a glass bottle and I’v never seen that diamond hole saw bit before Very unusual Jack, can't wait to find out why,  take care Harry
Of Belém do Pará (Amazon-Brazil). Many thanks for the answer, your videos are great, you are an excellent craftsman.
Fantastic job. Really enjoy your videos and thanks for sharing your experience, knowledge and expertise.
Nice video Jack! You and Alain have both lost weight!!! That's it! I'm hitting the treadmill after this last doughnut! 😉
I like the holding jig you made. Very informative video.
A spin the bottle machine. Could have been used at teen parties back in the day.
Another neat trick from Mr Houweling............ Thanks Jack, keep up the good vids..
Muy buen método, Mr Jack. Un saludo cordial.
nice tip .
The fact that you used your hearing instead of feel is good, except that you have Ludwig Van Beethoven's Ears. I couldn't even tell the difference between Fur Elise and Wheels on the Bus..........
In jewelry making and repair, the putty around they drill site is called a "tinker's dam".
Ive never seen that before. well done.
Always enjoy your videos and this one is no exception. But, wouldn't a drimmel with a glass bit work just as good?
Very good. Liquido that you put on the bottle?
Like the jig and the plumbers putty to pool the water was an excellent idea! The bottle already has a hole in it for making boats (just kidding). Piano tuners ear to measure cutting speed was a nice touch (have to get me one of those because my hearing is terrible). Nice experiment Jack. Coke bottles are thick tough glass so good one to try out first. Wonder if you will be doing more with thinner glass? Really cool Jack. Going to watch the wooden ring in it now!
Very impressive Jack....as usual mate :) Cheers Mike
Nice, never seen that diamond hole saw bit before, thanks for sharing!
Never thought of using a jig. Then it can't move.
