dryer is like 10+ years old and you have no idea how long it took me to get the wire harness connectors apart!  If this goes South - new dryer it is!:)
Just finished replacing the 4 rollers, idler pully, and belt. After reassembling the front panels I removed the back panel to easily access and install the belt. Thanks for the video
Thanks this is the second time I used this video lol!
Mines making a rumbling sound at the start then sound eventually goes away. 20 years of use with the heating element replaced, what could the issue be with the rumbling start up noise?
Very good instructive video. Going to change  mine out tomorrow.  A question please. Have you ever encountered an "end of cycle alarm" that quit working? Dryer works fine with no codes. The alarm worked for a few years but no more. Have looked at all the wiring schematics but cannot find a termination for the alarm. Thanks.
@AppliancePartsPros What happens if the silver tab is facing the back? It looks like my dryer was installed with the drum "backward"; when I took it off, the "tab" was facing the back, not the front.
no lube on the roller shafts?
second video where no silcone grease was used. this must be normal? metal on metal no grease just seems wrong  PULSECHAIN $0.00012
Thank you for that great video. I used it 7 years ago and then again today. Greatly appreciated.
Very good video. I had a problem with my 15-year-old dryer. Bearings went out on the roller assembly followed instructions, and it turned out fantastic no more noise. And yes, it did take an hour and 45 minutes to repair but it was well worth the time
Outstanding video.  This is my second time doing this but forgot how I did it the first time :).   This thing just keeps running.  10 years +
Any way to grease old wheels? Dryer just started squeaking, I bet there is no Bearing or shaft damage
Good info.  Thanks.   It's depressing that my 40 year old dryer had its two wheels and belt replaced once in all those years and my kid's Duet is 7 years old and 4 wheels are shot. And I had a family of 6, they are family of 4. Not to mention,  the Top lifted up on a hinge and the Face came off loosening two screws.   MTBF needs to improve on new appliances
How much do you charge for this job
This is a great tutorial. I wish I would have found this before I attempted to tackle this project.
Amazing video ! Thank you so much, the  video is way to follow, had great tips that helped me along and was for pretty much the same model as my dryer.
I can’t thank you enough for this video. Exactly what I needed to repair my Kenmore HE3t.
Great video. Thanks. Off to fix my dryer
Just curious, what would happen if the drum is installed backwards? Asking for a friend...
I have the Duet dryer as well but these new drum wheels do not fit into the shafts. Yours slid right on down. I can't even shove these on.
Awesome tutorial, very clear and well explained. Thank you!
Nice work on the video. I ordered a kit with rollers, pulley, and new belt. My Duet was slightly different, but overall the instructions were pretty straightforward. I got the job done in 1-2 hours with no real complications. Thanks.
Thank you for the excellent help.  I have a Maytag Series 5000 and your video was the closest option I could find-- very thorough and informative.  I have a question though-- when I was trying to disconnect the moisture sensor wire I accidentally pulled 2 connectors from what I think was behind the door.  I cannot for the life of me find where to reattach them. Do you have any ideas? They appear to be 2 additional wires that I don't see on your video, so I imagine that is because my model is slightly different.  Any ideas?  Thank you.
Overall I got what I needed from this video. Should mention however that your demonstrator  installed the drum in backwards. At the 6:00 minute mark on the video, he makes a point to mention the black line that the belt makes on the drum, and proceeds to point right at the opposite side, without the black line. He also mentions that the silver tab going  in front, when it actually goes towards the back. I followed the reassembly instructions and even though it went together just fine, I quickly noticed the belt line on the opposite side, and a slight gap around the rear drum felt seal. Funny, when he took it apart it was correct.
Bought the rollers from my local hardware guy but had no clue how to replace them. Awesome video, thanks guys!!
Is this drum actually reversible? Ok either way installed?
While this repair isnt rocket science, if you arent familiar with your machine, it can be tricky and time consuming. Not all Duets are alike.  They love to make you think its childs play to get you to buy their parts kit. If you take your time though mist people could do it.
Excellent video, well shot, lit and explained..thanks a lot
Without this video I would’ve tried to replace my rear roller without taking the drum out. Glad I️ found the video and completed in about 1/2 hour
Great video, I say, great video Bob Ross!!!!!      Almost burned down the house due to the friction from a broken roller & your excellent video gives me the confidence to order the parts & replace the gosh darn thing!!!  Yes suh.   You're a choppin' and chips are a flyin'!!!!
Well shoot, I completed this repair no fuss.  Seems to run fine, but now I get an "E1" thermistor error after a minute or two.  I have one on the way.  I vacuumed the lint out and don't think I disturbed anything...Any thoughts?
Excellent video.  I have a ~2004 Duet.  Started making the “tennis shoe” noise, but was otherwise drying fine.  Less noise with smaller loads.  Bought the part, followed the video.  While it requires much disassembly as note by one critic, it is still very simple.  I have modest home repair skills and tools.  Required only a 1/4” socket (they demonstrate with a screwdriver version, I used a power driver), and a small flat blade screwdriver.  Took about 30 minutes.  The kit I bought (from this vendor, also) included a belt, so I replaced that also.  This repair also allows for a good lint cleanout.  It almost paid for itself with recovered coins.  Very simple, very cheap repair.
Awesome video.  Well done...step by step.  The only difference was my silver tab was located on the back of the drum.  Problem is fixed...well at least since the first couple loads:) Thanks a ton.  Jus' wondering....because the silver tab is on the rear of the drum, does that mean it was installed incorrectly during manufacturing or have they just made changes since your video?
My pulley doesn't have a wheel on it
awesome video.  you rock.
Your video was a big help in the repair of my washer. I ended up having a seized idler pulley that I replaced along with the rollers and drive belt. It's running like a champ again. Thank you for your excellent video!
I mark an "F" on the outside of the drum for the front. My silver tab on drum is located on the back side of dryer. Belt is about 2 inches from were the belt once traveled. After turning drum around belt lined up again with wear mark on drum. Otherwise no problems doing this repair.
Folks excellent video. Thank you very much. You saved me at least a couple hundred bucks.  Everything was exactly as you said and I was able to complete the job in a couple hours. I say a couple hours because I took my time and also did a thorough cleaning on my dryer.  There was a ton of lint inside the dryer housing. It now sounds like new and seems to dry better.  Thank you again and keep the videos coming.  Turbo
Very informative video. Thanks for sharing your knowledge. I have Kenmore elite HE5 that is making a squeaking noise. I hope that by replacing those rollers will correct the problem.
When watching this video for the first time, it gave me the impression that there is one central roller wheel which is the wheel that's most commonly replaced.  That caused me a lot of confusion when shopping for the parts.  I wound up ordering the kit with 4 wheels and belt, after finally concluding that there are a total of 4 identical roller wheels that probably should be replaced at the same time.  I am also glad to see the comment/reply explaining that I don't need to oil the wheels, and that oiling them won't solve the squealing problem, at least not for very long.  However, oiling did resolve the noisy fan on my refrigerator!  :)
Thank you this video was great and saved me hundreds of dollars in repair fees
This was extremely helpful. Thank you. Placed iPad on washing machine and relayed as I progressed through process. Found moisture sensor to be a challenge but after watching your video the third time I figured out the trick. I bought all four wheels, the tension wheel and a belt. Good tension wheel was actually going bad and making the aqueous sounds. Good and new now. Many thanks
Is this the same repair for a whirlpool duet sport?
how do you know which roller needs replacing?
Great video! Very easy to follow. My Duet dryer was squeaking for the longest time. I purchased the re-place parts online for $30 and used this video to fix the issue in just over an hour. Saved hundreds by not having to call a repairman.  Thank you!
Appreciate your video.  It is very informative and simple to follow.  Our Duet dryer is 10 years old, and we recently replaced the heater coil.  We are having a squeaking noise now when the dryer runs, which we believe would be the support rollers.  My question is, however, given the age of the dryer and having to disassemble for this repair.  Is there there any other maintenance or parts replacement you might recommend, such as the belt?
So I have whirlpool duel wfw915ww00. Not spring the close complete dry.. Sometime it dose.
Your video was great!!   Every step was explained and demonstrated so well that it gave us the confidence to take this project on ourselves.  We were so proud when we were done and NO SQUALL!!    Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!!!
Thanks for the easy-to-follow video. One of the rollers in my duet was completely shot--ground into a pile of metal dust. The video made it easy to tear down and  replace it. Thank you!
Thank you for the video.  This video made it a snap to replace the rollers and belt on my old duet.  I was contemplating replacing, now it runs and sounds like new, hopefully for many more years to come
"really simple repair" ... just take the thing completely apart... lol
It's worth pointing out that the squeaking noise could be pulley wheel that you see at 4:30.  I ordered four new drum support rollers from your website and after I pulled the drum out I realized that the pulley wheel was the real problem.
when I start the dryer all i hear is a buzzing noise like the moor is getting power but nothing happens. I can depress the door switch and spin the drum while hitting the start button and it will work but it won't start on its own. Suggestions?
Great video.  Well produced.  Saw everything I needed to know to replace all the rollers and the belt even though you did not highlight those parts.  Thanks again.
How can I tell which roller needs to be replaced?
Liberty Patriot, I can not respond to your comment as you have the reply function off. The drum support rollers are made with oil impregnated bronze sleeve bearings. When there is friction the oil is released to provide lubrication, when the oil runs out the rollers need to be replaced, as they start squeaking. Adding extra oil actually causes lint to build up around them, so please do not add any extra oil.
And just how long do you expect the new roller bearings to last when you clearly have failed to lubricate them prior to installation?
You just saved me a ton of dough!  Thank you.
The noise disappeared after a few minutes of tumbling with a load of clothes in it. Been fine ever since. Thanks
I've replaced the idler, the rollers and the belt. The squeaking and banging have stopped but now I hear a slight ticking sound. Could it be the new belt adjusting?
I'm so glad I found this video.  Our dryer has been squeaking and squealing for months.  I figured I'd have to call a service repairman out to fix it.  After watching this video, I'm confident  I can do this myself.  I just ordered my parts from your website and am looking forward to tackling this problem myself.
THANK YOU!!!! Our dryer was squealing madly...but with the use of this video I was able to make the necessary repairs on my own.
I suggest one improvement to the video, i.e., letting us see and hear the symptoms so that we can distinguish between bad rollers and a bad drum.  Also, if one replaces the drum for thumping, should one also replace the rollers?
Hi,  at 2:43 what is the part number for that bracket?  My Duet does not have one.  Does it matter?  also at 6:09  why is it important to have  the silver tab facing out?  When I replaced my rollers it was installed the other way.  Please respond,  Thank you so much for this series of videos. thank you
