The hardware is probably couple hundred bucks on amazon
I don’t like the fact that the door is kept 1/4” away from the cabinet when closed with this hinge and sticks out past the drawers.
😂
What about the old holes on the door? Do they stay exposed? I used blum motions on my cabinet doors, and it has the same effect.
@1:40 - It would have been nice to properly install new inserts, instead of placing screws directly into the wood.  Tommy would have removed the old inserts and filled/stained the holes. LOL.
The cost is much less now then $1000.00. Probably looking at more like $300.00 unless the slides for the drawers are super expensive.
Well it's much easier when you have the type of hinges with the bore already done.
“Drawww”, 😂 drawer. Love it.
4:22 not an endorsement.    4:30 definitely not an endorsement.    6:17 go buy it!
but how will anyone know I'm angry if I can't slam some doors???? Jk, great vid
When predrilling a screw hole, try to teach your student to hold the drill more perpendicular to the hole.  Instead of blowing the drill debris over the kitchen, keep a small vacuum handy for all the obvious reasons.
Your video does not mention the most important part of the process: measurements necessary to buy the correct slide length and what to do if slider is NOT the exact length of your drawers. Mine drawers are 21 5/8" long. Can I use 22" sliders that hang off the back of the drawer 3/8" or do I have to buy 20"? I don't see any 21" soft-close sliders for sale. What size slider do I buy to make sure I get full extension?
Getting frustrated with my cabinets and drawers. Wanted to switch to soft close but end up getting the wrong hardware as they won't sit or close correctly
where can i get just the plastic insert for the cabinet hinges? i cannot find them anywhere. my cabinets have the same hinges just without the isnert that actually makes it soft close
Hi my name is Hollis and I have a question about the tool you used  when you were putting the slide can you tell me the name of it because I'm doing my slide at home and it is taking a lot of time
What is the name of the white plastic piece that installs at the end of the slide, then to the wall?
Typical. All they do here is change the existing hinges to soft close hinges. Didn't measure, drill, or anything. I guess if one doesn't know how to use a screw driver, this would be helpful.
$1500? that guy is a RIPOFF... i bought 90 of those soft close hinges off amazon for $80
For a moment I forgot this was a home improvement channel. 🙈
Hi, my replacement draw sliders are not smooth and kind of tight. I measured the old slides and it’s 22” in length. Could you please let me know why?
What was the brand of soft close hindges used?
The woman is gorgeous
Or you can go on Amazon and save $900.  He must be talking labor… Jeez 🤕
These hinges, drawer slides, and door knobs are expensive.
I usually skip this part
Where can you buy that special drill bit
What brand of slides did you use?
Great video!  My drawer sliders are getting rusty.  Maybe I can learn to replace them!
Looks simple enough.  Can’t wait to do this myself!
I wonder if full extension slides can be hacked onto IKEA dresser drawers.
Good video.   Very helpful.  Does anyone know where you can buy the slide sockets mentioned in the video?   Home Depot doesn't stock them.   Thanks for any help.
You make the ball bearing slide swap look waaaaaaay easier than it is on old drawers.
Specifications about measurements and style for the slides for the drawers is lacking…
I need a Nathan plssss<3
The other original host much more talkative and informative as he worked. WHY NOT FILL THE OLD HOLES ON THE DOORS?
I HAVE WATCH SOME VIDEOS < SEEMS LIKE SOFT CLOSE SLIDES THERE ARE ALOT OF PROBLEMS ???? WHAT YOU THINK
Are you sure this isn't a porno? I'm at work
$1500?   It only costs about $6 on Amazon for 2 hinges per cabinet door.   The cost for soft-close drawer hinges is a little more expensive - about $25 per drawer.
are these slides from Liberty hardware?
Couple seconds in just want to make sure this is a video about cabinets……
Skipped a few steps: measurement for new hinges, can't just buy any soft close hinges because of sizing, after you install the doors may not align. These are the kinds of things that will drive you crazy during the install
No recommendation to fill the old screw holes on the doors?  Seems like an important detail just glazed over.
I was waiting for the music to kick in and the actress, I mean home owner, to look him in the eyes, but it just never came. Such a missed opportunity.  😆😆
is this show sponsored by Kreg tools?
the mansplaining is annoying
I guess there’s no hinge adjustments needed...?
$1000-$1500 is outrageous. I just finished this project on a similar sized kitchen and bought all the hardware from Amazon for less than $180.
I’m ready to build my house lol
The tools are very cool
“Only using 3/4 of ya dra.” Installed a WER and she’ll have a full drawer...
This video does not cover adjusting the new soft close cabinet door hinges, an essential step in upgrading the hinges. The new hinges don't just go in and always allow the doors to close or even produce level doors. This video is misleading because it only shows the easy part of the process.
It’s took me longer that I would like to admit to figure out what component was the “draw”.
$1,500.   Hollly cow!
The acting in this reminds me those 90's office training videos.
10/10 would bang
I have a cabinet that has 3 drawers (the only drawers in the whole kitchen).  They don't come all the way out and the bottom one falls off the rails.  I'm adding the project to replace the drawer slides with these full-extension, soft-close slides.  Great video!
An easier way to do the doores is to use Universal Face Frame Cabinet Soft-Close Adapters made by Unisoft.  My mother is _EXTREMELY_ noise sensitive and for xmas one year, I installed these on all of her kitchen doors.  She still says it's the best present she's ever gotten.
Amanda looks cute here.
Where can I buy the sockets for the soft close drawer slides?  I have been looking around but haven’t been able to locate them.
Thank you for this video. Your studio reminds me of Home Improvement show from the 90's. :-)
Thanks for sharing! I am in the middle of a DIY home update (during covid). I have 3 antique upper cabinet doors and two large base cabinets that are super large and solid wood. The problem is, they sit flush inside the frame openings and have ornate, antique outside hinges. (Wish I could insert a pic or two...*Sighs*). I'd love to update the hinges, but can you recommend a hidden hinge for this type of situation?
Dear lord, it feels like day soaps TV show acting.
Kinda glad my kitchen isn’t very big lol
Draws or Drawers? Now I'm confused.
What he DIDN'T say was there are ATTACHMENTS to make soft close drawers that do NOT require buying new drawer slides... (which can be WAAAAAY more expensive)  With the ATTACHMENT  you LEAVE the existing drawer slide in place & add the attachment at a fracion of the cost and alot less time too and voila......... you have soft close drawers.
Are you kidding me.  1k for the hardware.  I found it on Amazon everything for $215.00.
Is he going to take over for Tommy, probably not since he’s more a finish kahpenter.
Thats a lot of drahs!
Wow! That acting! Even better than normal. HAHA!
$1500? Am I missing something? I see soft-close hinges on Amazon, $75 (USD) for a 50-pack lol
Is it common to have multiple different overlays in one kitchen?  I've measured all of my cabinets and have 4 different overlays.
The apprentice has become the presenter
Wonderful information
Great explanation. Now I know I can do it myself.
Boston accent is so gross
Soft close door bumpers would have saved a ton of money. Only $3.00 a door and WAY less labor to install.
sick macbook with the ghost keyboard
What size of drawer slide should I get for a 19" drawer to get full extension? I've heard go closest size without going over the drawer length to first size that fits.  They are standard kitchen base cabinets but the drawers seem to be an off size of depth.
oh wow oh wow that's cool oh wow
I watched this to figure out how the hell you get the drawers out and you skipped that part!
Out of interest, in what part of the country do they not pronounce the ‘er’ in ‘drawer’? Or is it just this fella?
I’m so much more interested in the self centering drill bit than this girl. “Oh. Wow. That’s cool.” 😐
This video speeds through (or fade-cuts) all the most important parts. Like  1. Open the drawer 2. Replace all the hardware 3. Done
If you buy the hinges from your local lumber supply, the soft close hinges are only about $5.50 a pair. 20” soft close slides are $7 a pair where I get them. I change them pretty often. The only downside is that lumber supplies are not a far spread as home depot or lowes. Look for plywood supplies as well. In dallas i know brazos forest products and plywood co of fort worth. On the west coast i think theres a few woodworkers sources.
I followed the video and read the directions but that little white hinge did not work at all. I was careful in my measurements. I rewatched the video to see how deep the track went in and could not work it out. The track would had to be at least at the very edge.  I even tried adding wood on the edges without the white hinge. After I thought I finished the draw got stuck.. Aayyy
I bought a sheet of those stick on soft close bumpers.  Worked really well and took about 5 mins.
The screwdriver drives me crazy, use a ratchet screwdriver.  P.S. I miss those cabinet slamming noise, at least I know my wife is angry.
Why didn't the drill bit have any friends?  Because he was self centered😃
Draaaaawws or drawers?   :P
This video made me super excited about doing this to my cabinet work in my house.  Just have to wait for the house to be finished being built.
I need to do this so bad, my GF is always slamming every possible thing she opens it drives me crazy!
Outstanding, i had no idea that they had cabinet soft close. Cheers
dude.  Do the world a favor and get a fkn cordless
Wait...for $1500 mudda pucker hardware... I can get a complete NEW kitchen cabs!
I wouldn't mind doing som drilling afterwards wit her...
Amandas got a good grip
I came for the how-to, but stayed for the sexual tension between the two. Just need the braziers logo and it's a wrap LMFAO!!!
Me: *telling girl in the club about the intricacies of RuneScape lore*  Her: 1:22
I thought this was going to be a porno
I hate to be that guy but the beginning of this video has all the makings of a 70’s era porno 😂
6:20 I agree. You should definitely buy a jig like that. Then after the project, return them for a full refund! You get your project completed perfectly and you save money!
I like how he said they JUST have to do the rest of the hinges. Yeah, only like 6000 of them...
WTH? $1,500. I have 22 doors and I spent nowhere close to that. Soft close hinges cost like $6 each.
why his face so red though? LOL
Is this like some low budget porno?
He's using good Blum hinges, but he should have gotten the Blumotion hinges with matching screw holes so there wouldn't be exposed holes. B-
So easy a woman could do it
This is a lot easier.   https://www.amazon.com/Rok-Hardware-Cabinet-Compact-Adapter/dp/B00IRLHIEK/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?crid=2048OY2MJ8PLS&keywords=cabinet+soft+close+damper&qid=1582805236&sprefix=cabnet+sof%2Caps%2C229&sr=8-1-spons&psc=1&spLa=ZW5jcnlwdGVkUXVhbGlmaWVyPUEyMjZXR1c5TE9NUFEwJmVuY3J5cHRlZElkPUEwNTgyMzA3Mk5CT1M3TFhJRjRNMyZlbmNyeXB0ZWRBZElkPUEwMzI1MDgzWjZYSjBGQUhPMlRIJndpZGdldE5hbWU9c3BfYXRmJmFjdGlvbj1jbGlja1JlZGlyZWN0JmRvTm90TG9nQ2xpY2s9dHJ1ZQ==
First world problem.
CABINETS!?! you're an idiot..all you did was trade out the drawer guides and  don't close hinges!
I’d like to put a new slide in her draws
I don’t really see this as a full “DIY”, you should have definitely gone in to at least one alternative to “oh look, perfect hinge holes, perfect jigs, centering drill bit, plastic bracket”. I have 1950’s flat cabinets with no thickness, and no drawer slides unless you count wood slats. These videos should also be for frugal people.
Yeah, someone using self-centering drill bits!  They are not that expensive, though most hardware places do not carry them.
Easy when there is already a mortised relief. Thy it with a flat face...not possible with those hinges.
He forgot to ask if she has kids or plan to have kids this way the contractor can forecast when he will be back out to replace or repair them
How can I upgrade inside her cabinet😜
If people only knew how involved this job really is!
Soft close drawers seems like a waste of money if you ask me. If you have good soft rubber bumpers, there is no need for the soft close feature.
No safety glasses?😱
1500? What are you smoking. My god we’re a greedy species. Under $500, if you’re including labor in that ludacris price for hardware, you need to state that. Otherwise You’re going to make it so the homeowners don’t want to change the hinges and do upgrades
If you savages could just close the doors of things gently, we wouldn't need inventions like this.
Full draws. Lol
Wish you showed step by step for the slides
what brand of hinges and drawer slides are you using in this video?
This video really turns me on
what if there are no screws are the hinges glued in ?
is that what they use at home  depot only
What brand of slides did you use?
sexy time
Once Amanda got the bill she said...  “is there something I can offer you other than cash for payment?”
#FirstWorldProblems
THIS IS TRUE LUXURY RIGHT HERE, heated floors, heated tiles in bathroom, etc etc etc , soft close hinges, etc etc
Great to see new blood. Being in the business, change, like in life is constant.
He’s no Tommy, but nice job
$1500??? I just did my kitchen and 2 bathes for just over $200! He must be counting his labor too.
1) WHO THE HELL IS THIS GUY! 😂 2) lmao , why did he use a screwdriver to tighten up the screws on the cabinets and not use the impact/drill 3) that’s honestly a baddass keep jig!
There's certainly no actors
You can make your own jig instead of buying it.
whats a draw?
Really good video, useful info thanks
A THOUSAND USD? I just found a set of 25 pairs of soft close hinges for 70 USD
This does not cost $1500
You can pick up soft close hinges on the cheap. $1500 is a fools cost.
Would have been helpful to discuss how to measure and choose the correct drawer slide
I didnt like the rear mounts on the slides.  Prefer side mount only for side drawer slides.
That’s not the only thing he drilled that night am I rite boys
I have very old cabinets that I am painting..  will splurge in a few years for new everything but not this time. and cannot find hinges that are a match.  Cabinets are laminate also so not sure about drilling?  Can I just gorilla glue the hinges in place. What options do I have.
I bought some furniture that came with these and they broke off. Now theres no way I can put them back on. What a pain!!
I did the drawer part. The way my drawers were constructed, I couldn't use that end-cap plastic piece. Made it a bit more difficult. However, I got it done. Just did this for a few main drawers we use a lot  and now we can easily access all contents. By the way, I'm not an experienced DIYer. Also, no way can you do this without that Kreg jig.
Where is her husband?
Guy in the thumbnail looks like Mahk.
1500 dollars? He never heard of Ebay? Less than 10% of that cost and they work perfect.
So much mis information in this video. There are add on dampers for this. I did my entire house for $90 and it took an hour. There’s no reason to take all of you cabinet doors off. This is so stupid. Blum makes dampers and so does rom hardware. And I didn’t have to spend thousands to make a terrible video about it
He made this look much easier than it actually is.
Bet that fitter drives a rolls Royce,!!!!
Of course the holes dont line up. Kinda janky with exposed holes.
$20.00 a drawer.. and $14.00 a door.. You can do 5 each for $100.00...Not sure how that added up too $1500.00 unless you got 75 to do.. Which is one hell of a kitchen...
Why did I hear "you like the socket" in Jerry Seinfeld's voice?
What do you do with the old stuff???
You people are idiots! Soft close hardware...hinges and drawer GUIDES! not cabinets
I did a rough cost on these. I see the hinges cost about $4 while the full draw slides cost about $10. 48 hinges x $4 = $192, 24 slides x $10 = $240, total of $432. Not that bad really.
This used to be fun now its getting boring bring back tommy
Who's this guy?
How about at least adding some color matched putty to those old screw holes.  Amateurish job.
Miss Tommy already 2:05. Each piece adds up buddy where is the saving!?!? New Guy you did well no lie. No secrets though! Yet did alright. Oh my god how useful is some math and a measuring tape?? These days all KREG!
Where the hell did he get the $1,500? That's probably what he would charge a customer to install them. A pack of 50 soft close hinges sells for $60 and 10 pairs of soft close slides sell for $130.
Wait, who's this new guy here???
Clearly not the perfectionist I am. I couldn't live with those exposed holes. I'd have to use some stainable wood filler and touch it up.
Can you share some vendors that would have soft close hardware?  I have not been able to find he cabinet door hinges shown.
Why does he call a drawer a draw?  Good video though.
$1,500 is a fair price that a professional handyman might charge for materials and installation for soft close in an entire kitchen. As far as material, he uses Kreg soft close hinges and drawer slides, which makes these tedious jobs easier, but are more expensive. There are more affordable soft close options out there.
This Old House is not what it once was.  I mean really How to Upgrade to Soft-Close Cabinets.  Show me how to make cabinets.  If you don't know how to change a hing.  Maybe just maybe you shouldn't be doing home improvement.
Or...make a jig out of scrap wood for less than $5.
$1500 for noiseless cabinets?? Rich people theses days smh
FYI, they're drawers, not draws. I'm just sayin' $1500?!?!?!  How about just not slamming the damn cabinets?  Interact with your world gently instead of like a bulll in a china shop.
Beautiful
Beautiful
His price is way way off. Draw extensions are $16-$20 for 2. You can get a 25 of hinges for about $100. So that kitchen would cost under $500 in materials.
uncomfortable to watch
Wow that’s expensive, we refurb property for a living and have upgraded many kitchens, surely the costs can’t be that more expensive in the US compared to the UK, enjoyed the video though 👍
when you guys help a home owner do something like I just saw do you complete the job? or just leave the rest to them? do they pay you to come to their home to help with what ever the problem is?
It's so difficult to close my drawers by myself.
Good video, that jig would be worth it too.
What a massive waste of money. Pointless.
Only an idiot or a dummy with money to burn would spend, or should I say waste $1000.00 on soft close hinges. I'll keep my money in my pocket and slam the cabinet doors. That way my wife knows I'm hungry. 🤣
This guy was on the episodes with Mike Rowe what a try to get kids interested in the building trades and it took him on as an apprentice here's the episodes https://www.thisoldhouse.com/contest/generation-next-casting-call-2019
Wow........ didn’t even know I wanted/needed these!
Cheesy, yet informative
$1000-1500?  Wait didn't he say at the beginning that "Soft close would have been a 'little bit more' of an option"   that's an expensive damn option.  That said, before I got married, before I had kids, I had no need for soft close slides... funny how that changed.   But I'll deal with the noise rather than pay that.
Nice
"Every kitchen guy loves their jigs."  Nuff said.
What happened to Roger Cook well I'll tell you he said on an episode that is health is in bad condition and he'll be taking time off
Oh hell no.  What's wrong with the original cabinet hinges?
Don't bother with the hinges they used, just get these. Fraction of the price, no need to take the doors off and only one screw per cabinet, and they're ROK cant beat it  https://www.amazon.com/Rok-Hardware-Cabinet-Compact-Adapter/dp/B00J9XB6BQ/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?ie=UTF8&qid=1549254797&sr=8-1-spons&keywords=soft+close+cabinet+door+damper&psc=1
**** When working with hand tools and power tools you should always wear safety glasses****
@1:46  what's with the puff of air blowing sawdust everywhere in the kitchen? should have a hand vac to clean it up.
I'm finishing up my kitchen, instead of the white socket, I built my base cabinets all the way out. I feel like that plastic socket will weaken over time, maybe not. The socket method was faster for sure. Mine are solid now and screwed into the sides so it should last almost forever? :)  Not sure where$1500 came from? I built 10 doors, and 9 pull out shelves for under$1500.  The home centers charge a lot for Euro hinges, try and find a local shop.
Nathan was in the last apprenticeship program if I remember correctly. He is a natural with prior experience as I understand it. Makes an excellent addition to TOH's contributor list!
Or just buy thin silicone buttons and put them around the cabinets where the doors and drawers meet. Worked for me. Cost 10 bucks. No slams.
I like seeing Nathan get his shot, but why not fill the old screw holes, or was that just not shown?
Couldn't you just cut the socket down to adjust the depth?
Wolf appliances? They are extremely expensive
Where is Tommy. Who is this guy
Goodness...Say it with me...draw-ER... drawer.
This was a great episode. I wish more companies would go all in on YouTube like you guys. Keep up the great work.
Thank you for the video... great info!!!!...love you're videos!!!!
Where in the name of my hate for Tom Brady is Tommy Silva?
who's this guy? 😅  the next generation is moving in.  is he related to tommy?
O snap greetings from Aruba
So awkward with the fake interactions
Adds a touch of luxury, very welcomed.
great stuff guys as usual.  Idea for new endless topics.... winterize/sumerize home and misc. maintenance. 👍🏻
If your Drawaar hits Your Saahket, You just cut the Saahket a bit...:)...That's what we do on Peebuddy street...:)...Nathan is watching the Pats tonight!
$1500 for something that little and stupid....
very nice, worth every penny, welcome to the 21st century for the haters.
I have a bone to pick with this video. I’ve built new doors and drawers for my kitchen along with replacing all the hinges and slides for.... wait for it....... less than $1,000. Give me a break, no one should ever spend $1,000-$1,500 to replace JUST the hinges and drawer slides. Hinges and drawer slides are more like $250-$300 TOTAL, not $1,000-$1,500. AND that includes the cost of all kreg jigs used.
Would love that upgrade but a little to pricey to justify.
If I ever do drawer slides I'm soo getting one of those jigs.
Soft close drawer hardware is pretty expensive. around $67 for one drawer.
More like...how to blow $1500 and an entire weekend. Focus on what people see instead.
I couldn't tell if he was saying 'Draw' or 'Drawer', and context changed while the word stayed the same...
I like
$1500 just to have a soft close drawer. Give me the money and I’ll go round to their house and open and shut the drawers for them
Easy upgrade that definitely helps when you have sleeping kids in the house 👍🏻
This is what I need for my kitchen. Thanks.
Could you not find the correct hinge for the existing hole locations in the door. I know where i live i could. Also make sure you get the correct hinge with the overlay.
Nicr
