Wow that looks amazing!! Trying this today.
How long after wrapping is it on the grill
Just sliced up a 4 pounder after 3 + 7 hours wrapped at 200. Game changer. Bottom door 1/8”. Top 1/4”. Steady as a rock for the whole burn. Used Green Egg lump from the local hardware store. Quality coal.
I wanna be this guy. What a job.
sorry once you sauced it  I don't consider it corned beef anymore....still looks amazing thou
Don’t rinse the brine?
Ummm... I damn near ate my phone when he cut into that meat!
You didn’t change your clothes
You making way too much work for yourself!
What was internal temp?  Did I miss it? Couldn't I do this same method with a chuck roast?
Can you give us specifics on the plastic wrap you used? Can I use standard cling wrap ?
Hi Eric!  Met you at the Toronto Smoke show this year and had a chance to sample this!  Incredible, almost fell apart in your hands - good thing we grabbed it quick :)  I grabbed a corned beef brisket that is only 3.1 pounds from my butcher, any advice on times?
can you just use butchers paper and aluminum foil?
You should be given keys to the city!  Bravo!
I wonder if this 200 degree technique would work on a pork shoulder to get crazy juicy pulled pork
how did you know to go those times smoking and braising?  didn;t see any temperature gauge.  this looks like a good test run for my iKamand
I have smoked Corned Beef before. I have to say thats the best I have ever had, that recipe is amazing.
you are the best
What a fun way to work your meat indeed
Nice video love Cooking on my big joe I prolly use it as an oven more than anything especially in summer when you don't want to put the oven on.. cool to see someone respond to comments keep up the good work
Gotta say thats the most amazing corned beef brisket ive ever seen
I'm anxious to try it.  What's your brine recipe?
Why would you want to wrap in plastic and expose it to any heat? a butcher's paper and foil will give you the same moist meat without the risk of plastic releasing god knows what chemicals under heat.
Isn't smoked corned beef pastrami?
Getting better !
That looks Awesome! Reminds me of an Irish Joint in North Myrtle beach that has Corned Beef like that. That is on my bucket list.
Eric, I criticized your last video and I must say this video is a lot better.  Thank you.  Is this a true corned beef?
Great video.
How many hours after you wrapped it?
What is your technique to achieve such a billowing smoke? Do you have an opinion on "clear/blue" smoke vs white smoke?
Man-O-Man, that looks and sounds soooooo terrific! I am definitely taking that bad boy to the next potluck party.  Keep on keeping on KJ.
very interesting idea. I like it. almost a dry sous vide with that long cooking time and super low temp.
Looks superb!  Are the heat deflectors in?
jesus, looks amazing👍👍👍
