pipe dope. . hahaha
The touch on and off feature should be good for about 6 months.
Didn’t flar the pipe end by the compression fitting
I could really use your guys help. I have metal pipes all the way through my sons house. I’m wanting to put a filter on his line, but I’m kind of not sure of how to do that.
ABS pipe. This has to be filmed in Canada.
I just don't understand. We are having countertops installed with an undermount sink. Our sink did not clear the plumbing, so sink and countertops are not finished. We hired CPI plumbing who charged us $700. , to lower the hit/cold cut offs then told us after countertop co. installs sink, he can return for another $1100. just to connect faucet, hook up sink tap, and garbage disposal. Is this cirrect? We"'re in WA state. We also have to pay another $200. to countertop co., to return and finish countertops. I would have never bought new countertops if I had known all this. We have plastic pipes and it just seems rediclious to pay almost $2000, to pay a plumber to hook up the plumbing...:-( Can you please tell me when plumber a started charging so much money an hour? Plumber was there for 11/2 hrs just to lower water cut offs...:-)  we've had no kitchen sink for over 3 weeks and our stove removed , so there's no way to even cook in our kitchen...:-( People should really think, before they decide to replace their countertops...:-(  We're over $10000 now just for countertops/plumbing ...:-( And our hi e was built in 2004.
No garbage disposal
Full city water pressure
No garbage disposal?
My kitchen sink is located on the island like the one on this video, however I have no sink vent.  Did the builder screw up and cut a corner?  How does the vent installed in this video work when it doesn’t even lead to a roof vent?
Better off soldered and with a regular faucet mama. Guarantee you she's a leakah by now!
Why not make sure that you are truly saved by Jesus Christ and practice this way. Remorsefully confess with your heart your sins to Jesus Christ who is God and tell Him that you right now are repenting of your sins and you want to be born again of the Spirit from above. Tell Jesus that you are remorsefully sorry for breaking His commandments and that you are begging for forgiveness from Him. Allow His blood from the cross to wash away your sins. After this is done with your heart successfully the Holy Spirit will come to live within you and He will rebuild you from the inside out.   Look for signs that you are saved. Things like spreading the good news from Jesus, getting other people saved, a craving for the word of God, reading the Bible, etc… These things are known as a calling and fruit bearing. If you're not bearing fruit then keep doing it. Sometimes it takes time to get saved. Read Matthew chapter 13 from the King James Bible. God bless!!!
“You snake charmer you”. Omg Richard. Why..why say that. Hahaha
Will that longer dishwasher discharge hose be a problem with time? Like could particles slowly collect at the bottom of that big bend? I'm not a plumber by any means so feel free to correct me.
This video should be titled How NOT to Install the Plumbing for a Kitchen Sink
I have a question when I’m washing dishes and the sink is running the water pressure drops off. Then if I pull out the spray nozzle hose the pressure comes back? Can someone please help it’s driving me nuts
How "high" in the cabinet or behind the wall  should the vent go ?
I love these videos but I believe that every DIY youtube video should have a disclaimer reading: if you are new to DIY and you are planning to install the plumbing for your entire kitchen by yourself, even though this video is 4 mins you should expect and plan to spend the entire day doing what they did in 4 mins :)
isnt that an S trap?
Thanks Richard now I know plumber putty is a thing. My new strainer doesn't leak now that I got a can.
The essence of a compression connection - Richard spittin that hot fyuh 🔥 🔥 💯
Plumbing is complicated!
Why not have a transformer option instead of batteries for the touch control?  Most sinks have electrical underneath for a disposal and/or dishwasher.  Seems like a simple transformer setup would be the better option.
Thank you for a helpful video and thank very much for saying "Height" correctly!!!  I live in Maine and it kills me when I hear people pronounce it "Heigth"
What do Richard and a walrus have in common?  The both are looking for a nice tight seal.
4 D cell batteries what is this 1985...
Why didn't he have to sauder?
Why in the hell would you install brass pipes, pointless, more expensive and has like almost no upside compared to pvc
I am in a bit of a dilemma, I need to replace an 1.5 in. brass nipple on my bathroom finished wall for a handheld shower. Which is the best way to tighten this little nub and make sure is secure? Don't want to ruin the threads also, although there is nothing to grab onto. Thanks..
isnt the arm supposed to be twice the diameter of the tubing your using? He has basicly none here
You spent no time explaining the controversial  AAV that you installed....Shame on you!!
I like Mr. Rains' style - neat/clean, organized. And I understand what to do ... now to explain it to my husband! Nice job. Best of the many videos I've watched today on the subject.
With that "proper vent" you're going to get sewer gases coming up through the pipe. The traps only protecting the sink.
We had our kitchen counters replaced including the sink and we had to re-plumb it entirely. The only difference between this one and ours is we only had a single hole for the faucet and a garbage disposal on one side.
Battery operated valve... another thing to maintain (change batteries) and to break...
