Hi everyone! If you decide to buy a speed square please consider ordering it with my affiliate link. It helps support the videos at no extra cost to you. Thanks for watching!    link: http://amzn.to/2eE8BqC
Please don't act stupid when you are doing a learning video. You are not a kid.
I've used a speed square and a torpedo level to find pitch of a roof
its so fast!
Well explained! you shoud teach high schoolers this1
Thank you for the Great Video.
Best instructional video on using a speed square I've ever seen on youtube. Subscribed !
On this speed square! can I circle 18" and cut off ? Help me guys i always strangle when I'm making speaker Box
How can I draw and cut of 18" inches circle using speed square? Please
the best video on speed squares.     Great job on explaining how to make the seat cuts (3 ways explained)   Wow
You lost me at rafters
Best video on the speed square!  Thanks
The transition @10:06 was super clean. Thank you so much for all of your knowledge and insight!
👏 Thanks for sharing
Funny, this showed up in my feed when I’m about to build some stalls in our barn. Very insightful stuff here.
About 5 years ago I stumbled upon this video, his explanations were so intriguing and understandable that I went straight to Amazon and bought me a Swanson speed square, thing is I'm not a Builder Carpenter or Joiner, I still got the square brand new sealed in it's package, it just seemed like something I should own, Lol
This is one of the best and most straightforward videos on this that I've seen.   Good job!
Some excellent tips here ✅
Tools you need on day one starting out building: Hammer, saw, measuring tape, speed square.
nice thanks!
Great video! A suggestion, can you tell how to make the perfect cuts (using the speed square tool) to build a "Z" structure for several uses? ... like a gate or  outside shutter...
Using the complementary angles (27+63=90) is more accurate than trying to align the points of the diamond with the heel cut line. Set the speed square to the complementary angle, slide it until the diamond is centered over the vertical line for the heel cut, and draw a line for the seat.
Hay friend very basic and important knowledge
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Thank you!!!
Just bought one, wish I knew about these things years ago, great tool, thanks for the info
Nice!
I've used this square for years and just now started to learn what all the marks are for. Great video! Thank you.
Pls in Tamil laguage
Helpful video!
Excellent video. I like the diversity of the speed square. I have a number of speed squares, digital angle measurer and digital levels. I'm thinking of buying a milwaukee speed square. Thank you for uploading.
Thank you, the best explanation of the SS to date.
Wow that is impressive cheers mate !!
Experience with the Carpentry construction industry
Why oh why isn't there a speed square for dummies book?
What is the supplementary angle for now? Seriously. My blue book is too vague.
Is the complementary angles to butt two boards together flush with no gap, what is going on here what? And where do you cut it how do you cut it?
Old timer told me that I could build a house with nothing but a Swanson Builders Square and a chalk line. Foundation to the ridge rafter.  After many years of fiddling about I found out he was right. A speed square and know how to use it is essential equipment for anyone building anything.
Im making a deck with a sloped top railing, so people can rest on it. How would a speed square help to make the sloped miter corner? Its a tricky cut. I think its called a cheek cut.
Nice job of teaching.
I was doing some geometry math homework & was struggling with a triangle calculation & realized  that I could use my speed square to figure the problem. I will not ALWAYS carry it in my backpack to class.  !
You covered up the mark on the left at 1:21 min. into the video. That square is probably 1/2 the reason buildings are so out of square today. That tool was made for quick reference...Not for precise measuring. I see framers using this all the time and they wonder why 10 feet down the hall, the wall is 1inch out of level.
OK, you are messing with us. It is a triangle not a square...  :-)
As many others commenting here, I have had a speed square for some time but never realised how useful it was. This video is a revelation, thank you.
This introduction was great
Thank you but way too much b.s. Good day Amigo. Good day.
This is definitely a must own tool.
I have a couple of those squares - I knew there must be much more to it than making 45 and 90 degree angles, which is what I use it for. But until now I had never had any tutorial on how to use those extra features. Thank you for a well put together video!
Loved the video, new and slow learner here.
Dove posso compare grazie
Thank you!
Very nice explai.
had one in my pouch for 26 years building screen enclosures and 90 deg and 45deg was pretty much all i needed.
How or where to buy this tool
certo che in italiano sarebbe un'altra cosa !
What talent! Man draws straight lines with a speed square.
A little Will Farrell and a lot Norm Abrams! Great hacks and love the channel!
Thank you very much. My husband was a carpenter but he has passes so I'm building a shed on my own and did not know how to find and mark the angels for the trusses. You made it make sense 👏
Thanks
Wow. Trigonometry at its finest!
this video should have at least 5 million views.... oh WHAT'S THIS? IT DOES!!!!!
super   good explination. i have struggled to            master teh speed  square   this helps so        much  thank you
After watching several videos got lost one after another one but your explanation was great.  Thank you
This was really interesting and useful.
There is a difference between slope and pitch. Slope is rise over run in inches, pitch is a ratio of total rise to span in ft.
I was going to look, until you opened up SILLY!
Every man, father, husband, we owe it to teach are children , and family members the skills of math through the speed square
Excellent tutorial
super useful vid man! so concise and clearly explained. Like many others ive just been using it for 90 degree cut lines, not anymore! thanks for sharing ur knowledge 🙏👍👊
Thank you for sharing your riches of knowledge!
hey Thanks ive not used one in years and this is a great refresher
Yeah but it's not a speed square. It's a triangle.
Beautifully explained 👏🏻
I have one so thank you for this knowledge much appreciated
Teşekkürler.👍👏👏👏
I love it. It would have been so handy in my youth as a carpenter apprentice and learning how to do roof framing. Just one question, does it come in metric for the rest of us outside of the USA?
They dont come with an owners manual but clearly they should
My square too, is a Swanson, but where yours has that diamond, mine has the trade mark. (R)
I know of a builder who would be amazed at this brand new technology, especially the other tools like the plumb-bob and the level.
بسیار عالی
EXCELLENT TUTORIAL    A great calm class in manipulating the features of using a speed square. Thank you for the patience in showing your audience in how to utilize the layout features of a speed square. I’ll review and utilize your tutorial to better understand the layout capabilities shown.
excellent vid, good clear speech ty
Great video
For years I've used only a framing square. I recently bought one of these combination squares to do other angles. I'm building a pressure treated hexagon to go around a tree to make a garden.
make video on marker for marking and line up the points etc.,
We use these in plumbing. I have one that belonged to my dad... and his dad before him.
Good video! Your a craftsman.
Thank you! Very informative!
This video is so thorough and thank you
As a 60+ year old framing carpenter, It is nice to see the younger generations embarrassing, talking about and teaching others the finer points of carpentry. There is no better feeling than using your hands to make something  that will be around for decades or centuries to come. If you love what you do, you will never work a day in your life !!!.
Thanks. I've used a speed square for a few decades without knowing what those marks were for. Maybe someday I will actually use them now.
Or just use the level?
The one thing I noticed you didn't mention was the seat cut without the pump cut if you put the square against the board Mark your pivot point mark your common 678 whatever it may be then pivot the square gives you your seat cut without the plum cut
Useful video  Thanks
Note to self; DON'T try to follow this after smoking a doobie!
I never allowed a speed square on my job. They are not accurate like a framing square and you can do a lot more with it. Like lay out a octagon, oval, volume length of rafters and hips, hell you can even figure your paycheck with one and many more functions.
Easier with just the. Level
The pitch part of the roof where it was through the 7 and you said it’s a 7/12 roof. Where did the number 12 come from??
Excellent tutorial!!!!
I use it for a saw fence on studs.
I love my speed square and learning the full extent of the capability of this fantastic tool.
I have watched several videos on the merits of the speed square. Yours is the only one that discusses its use in cutting a birds-mouth for rafter succinctly and from multiple vantage points. Thank you!
Thank you sir
I learned a lot on how to use my speed square with this vidoe.  Appreciate it!
@4;34  where your finger is... Hmmm...    those 10 degreed lines are more likely 80/100  degrees adjacent angles...   the 10 degrees angle will be very "sharper".. hence it should be the OPPOSITE angle to the one you drew...  by the HYPOTHENUSE  (longest side of the triangle..) right side  of the instrument ....
Thanks dude good information 👍🏾 very helpful
👏🏻🎯👍
very nice! txs
It's hard to be level when you were born a half a bubble off
Thanks for the lesson.  Though I don't know 99% of the terminology, I feel if I listen to you more I will be able to learn.  You are a good teacher.
I love things like this: no moving parts, no snazzy OLED display, GPS, wifi, Bluetooth, etc, etc, ET CETera. Time tested and handier than any smart phone app could ever be.  (Bonus points: never needs charging. You can drop it 20 feet, wipe it off n keep going, you are instantly identified as one who walks with the pros.)
Where has this magic triangle been all my life?
Very kool video. Great job.
I do a bit of woodworking, but I can see I need to do some research.
Very informative, thank you.
One of my favorite tools. It has so many uses.
One day we all have metric
As a millwright / welder have used speed squares for all sorts of metal work exculsively. Fast and accurate.
Thank you.
Great instructional video for future craftspeople, I learned this at a early age under an older gentleman, loved doing layout and cutting rafters because I could stay on the ground and not do all the climbing and fastening didn't have to work as hard.
I just found this  video and watched it straight away. I have one this tools but never know of it wonder. Thanks Justin for the valuable tips.
This kid is sharp! I worked the trade  starting at 13yrs with my dad's business!   This speed square can be difficult because you may not be framing all the time as our company, because we did every phase from the foundation to handing the customer the key, including landscaping, so I constantly was refreshing my knowledge with this Swanson Speed Square.  If you follow this young guy and learn all or most of the education behind this tool, life on the construction site becomes so much easier, and your confidence soars through the roof!    Thanks for a great video to brush up on and to Swanson for their great tool! Sincerely, Chuck Smith👍
Wuau this guy is amazing 👏
Captain Crunch introducing the first 17 seconds...?!?
Been looking for a video like this
Plumb bob... square.. pants? 👁👄👁
a great piece of instruction! great practical uses demonstrated. Thanks
Thank you,thank you , beautiful presentation.
Whoopty doo
Still answering comments after 5 years, what a legend.
Many thanks. I've had a speed Square for about 20-years in my toolbox I've only ever used it for 90 s and 45 s.
Cant call yourself a carpenter without one.
I think we need to see that again but this time check your level for level before you check your level line with your level for level.
Thanks for the tips.  New Subscriber now  And am going to promptly go get a Speed Square
Fine job. Thank you.
Very well explained you obviously done that several times just a little history here. Albert J. Swanson invented the A Speed Square in 1925 as a carpenter’s layout tool. He later founded Swanson Tool Company to produce it. Today, Swanson Tool Company still manufactures and distributes the Speed Square and other carpentry tools from its headquarters in Frankfort, Illinois.
Huh
I'll tell you, SOME PEOPLE have the talent to offer useful information that uses correct terminology while explaining the many useful features of (in this presentation) a speed square without cluttering it with self-flattering/ego fluffing bull shit. On point, useful information with a presentation style that should be the benchmark for all YouTube informational videos. Well done Sir. Well done... Like so many others, I used it only as a square.  I imagine you build a house wreaking of quality workmanship.
Very well described!  Thank you!!!!!
Best explanation/tutorial for a speed square  i have seen.  Thanks!
Gracias felicitaciones y siempre adelante
Since the diamond is at 3 1/2 inches does this assume 2 x 4 framing?
Very well tutorial, really useful, thanks !
very informative. excellent learning experience.. Thanks for sharing such useful tips...
Thank you for your time and expertise.
Wow... I have one of this of my own and I'd never realized how useful it is...Thanks for sharing Justin !
thank you for video
Very informative thank you
You could have just as easily made a level line using just the level 😕
Thank you.  That was most usefull.
Very well described. Easy to follow. Thank you, I own a speed square but did not know how to use all of these features.
i knew all of what you showed and it was an excellent presentation. i prefer those 2 line marks for the rafter cut because you can adjust for a piece of terrible wood on the plate as you travel down the wall. Dang wall makers, i keep telling them to put that wave to the inside. haha!
You did the pitch wrong that’s not a 7:12 pitch.
I have to laugh at just how much I dont know! Fantastic video!
Using a plumb bob and speed square to make a level line is very similar to the levels used by ancient Egyptians, and similar methods were used right up to the modern era.
Good to know these ways to use the speed square!  Thanks
HOW THE HECK DO YOU CALL A TRIANGLE A SQUARE ??
The pitch find was just what I needed to know. Thanks! The basics are what I need, finally retired, and doing a lot of stuff for the first time.
I have that exact speed square except mine was made in 1984 because it was my dads.
Thanks
very useful, never known before
Awesome  info 👍👍👍
Quite the best one I've seen on YouTube.
great job man!  100%
Great video. Learned something new today.
Excellent!  Thanks!
Justin is my heroe......
Hello Justin Can you do a show on rafters and their layouts…how to cut out rafters properly for buildings and sheds.. thanks
Great topic, thanks!
Ok I just found this and find it really helpful, but man it's a speed square, not a speed talk.    You realise how fast you do things, then just move on as everyone else is just digesting it.  While the rest of us are just trying to process what you just showed us.    Slow down a bit.      Good clip tho.
All hail the plumb bob!
Thank you mate 👍🏼
Thank you so much i just buy speed square for 45" cut that I plan to do, Basically i buy this speed sqaure without knowing how to use it haha,  Thank for your video very informative , i just subcribed and will finished this video latet
I LIKED THAT VERY MUCH and learned a lot.   thanks
If I need to rip a piece of lumbar and do not have a chalk line, can I use the scribe line? or would that be a bad choice because many pieces of lumbar have curves and bends?
I just subscribed because you made me laugh in the first 10 seconds of the video! Seem like a fun guy and look forward to viewing the rest of your content.
I have been a carpenter in UK for over 40 years and it was only this year that I learned about the Swanson Speed Square by watching Carpentry videos (like this one) on YouTube and - MAN - how it has changed my working life...! It is almost unheard of here, to the extent that when other carpenters see me using one (I have the 12" and 7" versions), they either come up and ask me about them or say with pride "I have one of those, it's the best tool I have". I admit that us Brits think we know it all - BUT - we don't and I am amazed at how much I have learned from watching USA carpentry videos. I paid maybe a bit too much for my Swanson Speed Squares here in UK - but they are worth every penny, in my opinion. By the way, I always work in Imperial measurements, like Americans - I hate working in UK/Euro standard Metric, so the Speed Square is right up my street.
Now make it for METRICS! :D (Swanson have these in Metrics, works just the same!)
Damn, now I want a speed square!......
thanks man! I'm starting to do a handyman business & I've for the most part known how to use a Swanson square. However the diamond & the 2 lines have really been a mistory for me. Looks like it's mostly for roofers & that is something I do not like doing so I don't (and damned painting) I will say that scribe feature is mostly why I purchased 2 of those Swanson squares. by the way I've been an industrial electrician for 25 years & due to hearing loss I've had to give it up & figure out what the heck I'm going to do for a living to feed my children & pay the mortgage.
👍🏻
Having a speed square with the conversion table embossed is very handy when doing the birdsmouth on common rafters because I can see in your example that 6-12 pitch is 26.50 degrees and just do the math of 90.00 minus 26.50= 63.50. Another point that's not covered in these videos on You Tube, if the wall is already sheathed with e.g. 1/2" you need to add that in and make it 4 inches for the seat cut. Still an excellent video.
Thanks for you video
This Lesson was BadAss! For years i  wondered what all those Markings were for and how to use them. All i ever used my square for was to make straight cuts or 45 cuts. LMAO!👍 Maybe i will build me a nice car port myself instead of paying a contractor.💲💰
I picked up one of these sweet babies at a yard sale for the princely sum of $1. Metal too! I looked for one at my local hardware store and they are all plastic now.
wow, i have had one of these for years and didn't realise how useful they are.  👍
Good demo !!!
Aside from the parallax errors with the camera positioning, great video explaining the features of the speed square!
great video
Hey a
Just got one of these, thanks for the excellent explanation!
Man I’m a metal worker but I’m about to go buy a square just because 😂. Great video and you got yourself a new sub.
Plum Bob Speed Square, isn't that a cartoon character??
All these years I thought  my plumbob was sitting in my toolbox waiting for me to use it Jackie Chan style in a life or death battle with a Shaolin Monk thanks for giving some more uses for it
Awesome!
I find very interesting the way you explained it. Thank you.
The primary objective of a speed square is not to solve "Y=90-X". It's for translating the roof angles/pitch into the corresponding angles/pitch for the Valley and Hip -rafters.
👌👌👌
Congrats from THE PYRAMIDS of Egypt; they were using such level triangles ca.6000 yrs ago. There's no bubble levels that time and the plomb+string with square was their perfect tool! Their another invention was so called Egyptian Triangle done by sides multiplied in proportions 3:4:5. They are perpendicular in any zoom possible!
Awesome 👍.
Thank you
Great Info. I now understand!
Thank you brother. One of my favorite tools is the Speed Square. I've used this tool on everything from house framing, wood flooring and all the way up to arceturtal ceramic tile.
well done!!
Up until now, my speed square thought I was an idiot.
When I first started general construction there was a guy that was skilled/educated with this but wouldn't share.  Guess he liked being a big fish.  I wasn't in the area needing this tool extensively for very long but it has always bothered me.  I like to know how/why everything works, not just that it works.  Thanks for doing this vid.
60 yrs old and just learned something. Good easy to grasp instruction
the old framing squares had all the tables for rise run everything a speed square cannot be used for steps you need a real carpenter for steps
awesome everything
“Pivot! Pivot! …PIVOT!”
Thanks, I have a real world use for this  now.
Loved the VLOG - new subscriber!
Great video, thanks for showing this.
I like this. Until now I've used it only to draw a straight line and make short measurements. Now I can do more stuff with fewer tools. YAY!!!!!
Outstanding!   Thanks!
This is VERY informative!  I learned a lot. I've always used a Framing Square for most of these functions.
Great video Thanks!
Thank you
Oh..AND...I'm buying one through your link...
You're not a good teacher. You're an incredible professor. I learned how to use the tool for something other then drawing a straight cutting line. Thank you!
@3:17 Now I know why some multi tools have notches where the ruler is, and why the ruler always gets printed on the fish scaler.  Talk about multipurpose; even on the cheapest multi-tools.
EXCELLENT VIDEO AND INSTRUCTIONS!!!!!! I'm a retired Carpenter,I always used a Framing Square to Layout rafters and stairs,that's how I was taught.
Cool
Loved this apart from flippen imperial
Where were you 45 years ago when I could have used this information
Thanks I needed that
The bubble don’t lie
How do you lay out your rafter notches if you are using 2X6's for your framing lumber?
Nice..)
Do you have a triangle with Fahrenheit unit?
Earned your self a subscriber. Thanks for your knowledgeable information.
Thank you  This was great information
All the stuff I forgot. It never hurts to be reminded of things.
Congratulations, you just created 100 poor fools who will go through life thinking they 'know' something but don't. 30 deg 25' IS NOT 30-1/4 deg!  It is 30 deg 25 minutes, which is nearly a half degree.  60 minutes in a degree, 15' in 1/4 degree.  25' is .416667 degree, not 1/4.   Nothing worse than an 'expert' teaching you WRONG!  There is a big difference in 30.25 deg. and 30 deg 25'.  Remember folks:  Everything you learned, someone else taught you, and about 50% had no idea what they were talking about.  The only things you will ever 'know' for sure are the ones you teach yourself.
I learned alot, thanks.
I loved this Video easy to understand and follow along. I learned quite a bit today. Thank you!
Thank you! Really helped me out💕
This should be part of the Geometry Standards taught in schools.
Very very good video.  Thanks,
Cool! I use my husband's speed square for quilting projects. It took him a while to figure out why I needed it. 😂
The swanson used to be the best,  it is very out dated now. There are better versions now.   But you covered 90 percent of the swanson well. As far as rafters go set up a carpenters square for easy repeatable results  accurately
You dont need to hang your plum Bob to find level, you just hold the  string  In the pivot point with it wrapped over the back . And dangle the bob from that is pivot point, it will still give you level
unbelievable, never knew i could do all that with that thing i have hanging in the garage. awesome tutorial.
That first one is good for testing a questionable level too.
Sure beats a swanson tv dinner
are they in metric?
Without wanting, I just got a refresh course on geometry lol 😂
Why am I here glad I stopped by .. lol
Impressive knowledge!
Justin, is it possible to use a few second clip of this video in a presentation.  I'm using this to compare and explain upgrades to my career toolbox with my personal toolbox.
Thank you Justin! You have a nice voice, and great instructions!
can i  borrow that i need to cut a pizza   and apple pie  .
excellent !
Book smart
I'm just a homeowner who thinks he's a handyman. I have one of these. Thought the lines and numbers were just decoration to make the tool attractive. LOL. Seriously, this is the best video I have seen in a while. Like some others, I only got it for the 90 and 45 degree cuts. You have added a whole new dimension (for me at least) on how useful this tool is. Thank you very much for your video. Eager to apply my new knowledge to up coming projects.
Show us how you can draw a large circle on a flat irregular wooden board using this square tool, also determine the center point of that circle too... would be interesting if it's possible.
Muy bueno amigo!!
This is to sick dude good explanation
GR8 INFO THANKZZZ FOR SHARING!!!
Thank you I have one of these, I'm not a builder buy any means, but I now know what it is used for more than just a square
This is what youtube is for. Great video.
Some folks claim that the ancients simply HAD to have had the assistance of aliens in building the great 'wonders' of the world...they had the simple plumb bob, arithmetic and geometry, tools and measuring devices primitive to our ways of thinking..but a thinking that beyond arrogant...we stand on the shoulders of ancient giants...
Excellent knowledge...from.a guy who wasted nigh on 7 years getting two basically useless degrees when I shouldda gotten a trade or learned a marketable skill...I was always happier working with my hands doing,  making or fixing something...
Doing deck spacing. Use the top rail it's perfect. 1/4 In. Etc.
Thanks for the information!
first trick is neat, but if you have a level anyway, why are you bothering making that much work?
Bad ass dude thanks
loved it
Good info. Going to save it. Low volume. Hard to hear.
1st trick, can't you just use the level to do the same thing?
Great video learn a lot.
Carpenter in the UK here. I have a 6" speedsquare, a 12" Swanson, and 2 framing squares. They are all great tools that are fast to use when taught properly.    Our biggest problem is measurement units.    Those squares are great for self cut roofs if they are in Imperial.  Not so much in metric.    Also,  most roofing and staircases come as trusses and precut stairs.   Going back and forwards between the different measurement systems is a nightmare.  Not only that but the big corporations bought out all the small genuine woodwork workshops and now hardly anything fits together.   It all has to be fenangled on site...terrible.    We have lost so much.   Last thing.... I lost a contract to a man who spent 6 weeks at college and got a certificate to say that he was qualified.   He undercut all the contractors by a lot and some was palmed off to the quantity surveyor.   So,  what's the point anymore ?
I've had a speed square for 15-20 yrs but have never needed it for pitch. Just wondering where you get the 12, eg 6-12, 7-12, 8-12, etc. what you mentioned. Is it a constant value of 12 and does that represent 12"? So a 7-12 = 7" every 12"??  Didn't realize that you could do so much with a speed square.
I know this is an older video but thanks a lot for that! I thought I knew something XD I will have to rewatch this a couple of times though deff a good bit of info here!
what about a level
Always wondered why they call it a speed square when it's actually a triangle
thanks for the info great video !!
Thank you for sharing!
Very educational. Thank you.
Thanks for the video. I now understand it better!
Great job explaining how to use a square. Very informative. Thank you.
Very good tutorial. But what impressed me most, you replied to all the comments.
Interesting. All the little things I did not know about a speed square.
Excellent demonstration!  Well explained and easily understood.  Thanks!
Level line with a plumb bob is easier just by using the flat side and top edge. Or, just use a level.
I’ve had one for years for basic home projects but never completely understood how the other functions worked! Thanks
wow! What a great teaching video. I just bought one of these and this video was a great orientation and teaching session.  This was so great, i subscribed just so i can come back and learn more. Thank You.
Never worked with building angles and squares but this could be a great start. Perhaps buildind a dog house or pump house to know how to make cuts. I worked in a wood shop making door units and wanted to understand gable vents but did not want to appear stupid. There are cuts make to wood slats with a compound miter to make the slats fit the pitch and still be 45 degrees.
Did you see him hide the  line on the left side of the  door so it would become level.    Looks like a level is the better bet.
Awesome tips!Thanks.
useful video thank you
Excellent explanation. My grandfather did all you demonstrated using a standard carpenters square and trigonometry. It went right over my head.
My hat off to the guy that invented the speed square. Great video. I hope I can remember all of the uses between projects.
I have used a Speed square-Triangle square for decades now and they sure are handy. They even fit right in my tool pouch, so I can get them fast.
Looks like a triangle to me
Excellent video. I will show this to my kids so I dont have to explain it all. Especially when you did a better job than I could have. I loved it.
You think that's fast?  You should see my ex-wife spend money.
Thank you for the tutorial...I appreciate it very much. I am STILL in the process of rebuilding our home from the last hurricane and I find that this info comes in very handy. Keep up the good work!! :)
Hey, you got a nail gun I could borrow?
Excellent!
Now let's be honest, the imperial system with those thick lines with the width of 2mm based on 8th inch increments, only gives you the accuracy of a good guess :P So the diamond or 5" marker is close enough every time. To be fair, when building with wood in a house setting really can never be mm accurate anyway.   I always say, Imperial is good for building wood framed houses and Metric for everything else :D  Just teasing, good video, thanks! Now I am ready, armed and dangerous with knowledge to build our little shed.
I'm not a carpenter I'm a steamfitter I've been using these wrong my whole adult life it's amazing what all the little function's of this tool are !
Awesome presentation
Great video. Anyone who has tried to decipher the little blue booklet that Swanson includes would agree - you should have written it for them!
They are good for scrapping ice from wood.....that's it...🤣
Great tutorial video! I've been using them for years. just becareful of the cheap Chinese made ones. I actually got one that was distorted (plastic one from a big box store ) and it was anything but accurate!!  It got distorted during injection molding. ! Buy a good metal one and check it for accuracy before relying it!! 0m
audio is terrible
I have this video on "lather-rinse-repeat", and STILL have to review all the time. My brain is so old.
That takes all the fun out of "cut it twice and it's still too short"
Thanks, good explanation of those "mystery" cutouts and notches.  One point that perhaps should be clarified: "pitch" of a roof is NOT the same as rise/run.  Pitch is defined as rise/span (from one outside edge of the top plate to the opposite outside edge for standard gable roofs).  For example: a roof pitch of 1/2 is equal to a rise/run of 12in/12in; 1/3 pith equals a rise/run of 8in/12in; etc.  "Pitch" may have become an old fashioned term, but I still encounter it and using it incorrectly could confuse 'newbies' causing them to misinterpret plans they try to read.
GREAT DUDE !! THANKS SO VERY MUCH !
Great explanation for someone just learning about the speed square 😂
The long and short cuts always add up to 90 on common cuts
When my son was young  I told him it was a "square"  he said dad that's a triangle...lol
Big thanks, I learned a lot.
thx  allot man
Very good video🇺🇸
I learned from you. Thank you for spreading your knowledge with speed squares.
Hi Mate I noticed your seat cut for the common rafter description was a bit deep  ? Note sure what the formula is in your country. But in Australia the maximum cut out for a seat cut is one third of the rafter thickness. Might be worth mentioning. I understand you are trumpeting the advantages of the square but an unsuspecting punter might think that the  seat cut is to contact the full width of the top plate. I love the squares mine is in metric  Cheers Gordon
How, am I limited on the use of this  tool. Thanks. I'm going to view this video many times. Slow learner.
Fascinating. They are not that common in Australia, but I recently bought a couple after seeing them used in lots of US youtuber videos. Thanks for all the tips - such a versatile tool
I have two of these for some reason...never knew how to use them other than to draw a 90 for a cut-off.  And I built a 3500 sq. ft. house!  Thanks for the schoolin'  💖 🇨🇦
Very well presented. But I'll need to watch again...
Thanks, what great information.
I've used one of these for 25+ years...I didn't know half of this. Thank you!
Thank you for  speed square 101.  very useful info and video
This helped me put shelf's in a dead space corner in my house. Great video insight.
If a Carpenter drops his square…  *It means his wife is home cheating on him.*
Thanks for the details.
He started clowning around but once he got into his demo I was quite impressed.  He knows his speed square and is a good teacher.  Thumbs up.
0:19 Aw-ight, here's a trick, don't be dropping stuff. LOL. That was awesome.
Great tutorial. You really do a great job with them but solving these issues will be so much easier if instead of measuring and calculating with the medivial US measuring system, you update to 21. century and go metric system. Miles, inches, pound, furlough, gallons, Fahrenheit and what have you not is all so Jurassic...
I have a few of these but totally am amazed at what it can do, many new things you just showed me. Thanks
How many roofs have you stacked?
Very informative video. Now I wanna get a Swanson speed square 👍👏 I want to go into Woodworking. I’m about to watch your other videos. You Gotta New Subscriber
thanks!
Great lesson!
Good video. I've been building things with Speed Squares for 30 years. It is one of the most versatile tools on the job site. By the way, you can also find the pitch/angle of a board using a speed square and a torpedo level. As a framer you only really need 4 tools; a hammer, tape measure, torpedo level and a speed square. Oh, and a saw man to yell the measurements to. ;-)
@5:00 you can also hold a torpedo level against the vertical of your speed square, then center you bubble on the level and read your pitch on the square
Absolutely excellent training video.  Outstanding!  Very instructive!
L.M.F.A.O I remember My  first week on the Job Training.... What many Would Call Abuse now a Day's But over the years Given so Many so call Adult Men as helpers with no clue but talking a Big Game one Even Nailed a Backing Board to the Face of the Wall After walking him over it step by step... "Last Week I could Not Spell Carpenter Today I  "Ared" One..."
The guy can’t even hold the square, but drops it. Duh! 🤪🤪🤪
they make great frisbees. you know, like the one on road warrior, only not a boomerang
So this is a ruler, this is a number. I move the ruler here and you get this, then I pivot it here and you get a 6, now on this piece of lumber I am going to cut a seat cut using the number here in the level. I prefer another method, which is based on a number on the square that is related to the hip value. “What’s a hip value?” Doesn’t matter. Take your square and pivot on the angle so it hits the six.  “What’s the 6?” doesn’t matter. Take the 6 and stick it in the bird’s mouth and there you go... you got a roof... hope this was helpful.
Who else wanted to yell “pivot” several times? Besides laughing inside about that it was a good refresher to remember stuff I always forget. If you don’t use it you lose it.
And not a battery or electronic component in sight!
"First off it's a square" Me : 👀 bro that's a triangle.
Thanks a lot..loved it.❤
Very helpfull
Excellent visuals!
Wow, Thanks a Million I had no clue about all of its uses...
Great tips.
That is great information and I want to thank you for sharing this information with us all.
Good job!!!....thank you!!!
Just bought a Swanson Big 12. Made in USA. NOT CHINA. Love it already.
If I didn’t know how to use the speed square, I wouldn’t have make my first million
Lol
Great info, Justin. This is one for my library. I think I’ll build my little off-grid cabin with a hammer, a good handsaw and a speed square.
Awesome explanations!!learned something new,,,,!!!!how did someone come up with the speed square!!genious
Great vid.
Excellent Justin. Thanks for the advice.
Wow, this man can teach more in five minutes than what most people can in a week. Thumbs up.
WISH I KNEW ALL THIS YEARS AGO! BUT EVEN AT 58 IT'S NOT TO LATE TO LEARN! THANK YOU FOR TEACHING THE OLD SOMETHING NEW!
What do you mean 7inch pitch or a 6inch pitch? The pitch of a roof is in degrees  You don't need a speed square to pitch a roof All that is required is a level and mathematic  Valleys and ridges is the pitch and 45 degree cut
Knowledge is power.  This is power!  Well done!  I'm so glad this video found it's way to my feed.  Cheers Man!
Thank you. I learned that I can use this for more than making straight lines.  Nice to know.
It’s been very interesting thank you ! I’m a new DIY it’s really useful !
Nice explanation. I’ve used a speed square for years and still learned some things. The use with the plum bob in particular. Another useful tip- you can use it as a guide with your circular saw to make straight cuts.
🥴🥴🥴🤯🤯🤯🤦🤦
Great tutorial 👍
Ok but how do you use the numbers 1,2,&3
LIKED & SUBSCRIBED (Thanks)
شرح جيد شكرا جزيلا
This is gold!  I am learning and so interested.  Thank you very much!!  Clear and pleasant..be so blessed!
Plumb bobs are handy
I just use the Level Tool to make a level line... instead of having to buy a Plum Bob AND a Speed Square... 1 item instead of 2.
That's a triangle dude
Je désire en acheter une comment je fait
I thought there was a rule that says a birdsmouth shouldn't penetrate its rafter by more than one third?
Really excellent. Thank you Sir.
Just at 1:17 you made my day , Sir ! Cheers to you .
you are the first person i have seen that knows how to use the diamond correctly. good job
I've had my squares since 2008 but, just now wanting to use them for some serious work.
His speed square is fast and and no longer straight.
This guy is the best .. Iam lucky to find this channel
Can someone tell me the difference between square and plumb...I'm not to bright...
This was VERY helpful thanks Justin.
hey i got the stanley speed square can i still do the same thing it looks a little different but the same.
Excellent, concise instructions !  Thanks
Excellent tuition, many thanks. Getting full use from the square!
Very awesome video. Super informative. Thanks!!
On a serious note. Ads ruin the lesson and I already allowed my ADDHD to decide this isn’t important anymore.
20 seconds in and I now realize “I’m a plum idiot”.
For anyone in England easy hips/valleys. Whatever the main roofs degree pitch is, say 40° look at the common/jack mark when set and it will line up with 10. Now using the hip and valley marks move it round to the 10 and that's your hip or valley top cut and birdsmouth.
Legitimately wished these were used in school to teach geometry and trig.
Excellant tutorial. Thanks
You have no idea what this educational video has done for us! Thank you sir, I can do this small roof project to fix the leek now that I have the rest of the knowledge that I needed to finish! 🙏 Many blessings sir! Thank you ! 🙏
The intro lol was funny great vid !
Thanks bro! Easy understand!& Suppperrr teaching THANKS,😎
Thanks for the video. From Cyprus
Awesome video Justin.  Thanks so much
Good video except 6/12 is slope not pitch. Slope is the unit rise over unit run in inches. The pitch is a ratio of total rise to span in ft.
Explained  well. Thanks
Thanks for being thurough and well thought out. Your videos are very hey.
Wow.... 1. Mind blown... 2. I can take over the world with this. 3. I'm a lot smarter. 4. I can finally tell my son WHY geometry might be useful (still not sure about Algebra). 5. I don't understand how you got ANY thumbs down. Thank you for this fantastic tutorial!!!
How the heck do you remember all this stuff?
Thinking of buying one for years thanks for the video I've just ordered one
Nice job. The rest is practice. Thank you
Great video.  Will have to watch a few more times to understand a little more, but really enjoyed how you explained stuff.
Thank you 👍
Good Lord, I never knew how under-utilized my poor speed square has been all these years.  Awesome video man!
This is much better than some Speed Square videos that I have seen on Youtube.
Have this square and the book that comes with it,  haven't read it yet lol,  I'm so glad to find this info on the seat cut of a birds mouth! This is the only video i've found recently with this information,  awesome job thanks!
Very useful, thanks for sharing!
Wow! Learned so much about how to use a speed square in less than 15 minutes. Thanks
Thank you for posting!
thank you-i have used a speed square before but now with all this time on my hands i know there is so much more it is used for.
thanks so much... I'm trying to learn carpentry skills and your video was very informative.
Awesome Video !
Nice work, good communication skills!!!!
I would never use a sponge bob for anything.
Really great video for a newbie, thanks!
Just purchased my first Swanson Speed Square. Thanks for this great video!!
need a microphone
Call me stupid (many do with reason) but why not just use the level to find your level line... instead of all the hassle of using a plumb and a speed square?
So totally awesome tutorial my woodworking friend I learned so much!  Thank you. 😊😊😊 Subscribing now!
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Best video I’ve seen on speed square. Thanks!
Another great square video. thank you. Though we all do it, technically, pitch is not the same thing as rise. It's even descibed in the book that comes with the speed square. Pitch is the ratio of the total rise(height at the peak) to the span of the building. So, if the building is 24 feet wide and the rise of the roof is 6 inches in 12 inches(giving a total rise of 6 feet) the roof is a 1/4 pitch, because 6' is 1/4 of the 24' span. If the rise were 12 inches in 12(giving a rise of 12') the roof would be a 1/2 pitch. Forgive me for stating something you already know. But for those of us just learning about roof angles its good to have that understanding.
String thru pivot with plum bob seems better bu5 not a big deal. We built the pyramids!
thx
kudos to those that can use this thing - to me it is worthless
I would have used a level to start with.
Really informative, thanks for the post
Great video! I taught high school geometry for 30 years and love the fact you use correct terminology in the demo. I've used a speed square for cutting tile, you may want to expand your videos to include that.
YouTube teaches me better than my teacher at school
I’m new to woodworking so this info is gold to me thanks.
Dude - way way way kewl video. No music. Very terse. To the point. Effective... I don't know what adjectives best describe it other than perfect. Thank you.
Wow thanks for sharing your knowledge 👍 I appreciate it
Towards the end of the video, the method you use and prefer with the triangle doesnt work when using 2x4 lumber.
Fascinating measuring tool.
Have you heard of the new squaring system by boss hammer? I think it goes into production in November.
Hi Make Build Modify Great videos, I hope you continue with your great work  Kindly very quick question I wanted to order one using your link BUT unfortunately here in Europe we use cm My question, If you could kindly post a link to order a metric speed square  (using centimetres instead of inches) I saw the price $8.97, it ´s more than reasonable  Thank you Regards
I just got hired for a carpenters job and needed a crash course. Thanks brother, you just saved my butt.
So is every roof pitch a ?/12 pitch roof then because you said on the 2nd it was a 6/12 pitch  but the number was 6/8. Told you I was a novice. Can you explain this for this dummy (me).....
why did you say it was a 7/12 pitch on the rafter in the beginning? it was on 7/10, so wouldn't that be a 7/10 pitch??????? Hilarious no one said anything about that.... Great video though. I really was a novice and you taught me a lot. Thanks man....
I would never use a speed square unless it has been thoroughly checked for accuracy, AS almost all of them are off calibration, Otherwise they are ok for rough work an definitely not for precision work
Very good...I’m in uk and found this very easy to follow
Awesome class . . . . Truly appreciated  . . .  Knowing myself as I do, I am glad that I have the ability to archive this vid, so I can reference it a few more times . . . . Anyways,  again I Thank you Brother
Should have used it on the camera set up 😉
Superb presentation skills and great use of humor! Thanks much, learned a lot!
Thank you for the info
Ok I’ve got a silly question. Please fork shame me lol   I get what people mean when they say “6 degrees”. I get where they’re getting that number from. But what about when you say “it’s a 6-12 roof”? Where does the 12 come from?
That’s a really informative vid, thanks for sharing.
Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  Best description yet.👍
Wow that’s a real handy little piece of equipment. I’ve never seen or heard of it before. I think I should get one even though I wouldn’t use it often.  Cheers👍🏻
you just great ... thanks a lot mate .
Good info
Excellent! Thank You !
Wonderful explanation, better than the booklet that came with the square
Been doing construction for 16 years and never knew every operation of a speed square. Thank you!!
Flipping heck I was forgetting it as quick as I was learning it.  Great video though as being a novice my speed square has baffled me for ages...need to watch again and pay more attention!
Add 1 minute into the video  No thanks I’ll click on something else
How could 1.2K not like this video, 95% of carpenters are clueless on how to use a speed square the way it was designed~!
Nice video
When it comes down to it for certain hips..a string line is your best friend. Wood isn't perfect.
Okay Justin, make it snappy
Wow great information. Learned a lot. I will not be wasting as much wood and not have to spend as much looking for my tools cus im pissed cus i cut wrong and chucked a tool across the yard..lol. Thanks for the info.
Knowing what you didn't knew about apparently simple tool, really not simple but even confusing, I know the basic uses for very long time but never imagine its countless useful possibilities.
Holding square on board mark 6/12, then pivot to that mark and scribe line, that is your seat cut, the balance of degrees to make 90 degrees. Plumb cuts, pivot then scribe. Seat cuts, mark, pivot then scribe.
Learned some shit... I bought a Swanson. Thanks man.
Oh mary Swanson
... BRO , LOVE IT .. SIMPLE TEACHING , EASY UNDERSTANDING ... THANKYOU ..!  FROM THE PHILIPPINES  ...
Swanson makes the best speed square by far. Don’t cheap out on knock offs. It pays for itself through ease of use and so much more.
I really don't like lending out my pencils but my speed square never!
WTF is an inch?   it is 2019... you are landing booster rocket stages back to earth ... on their arses :)))
Great video.
Try explaining a speed square to a 3 yr old who gets mad at you and says "NO!,.. triangle"... So cute, wish I had recorded it
I learned so much from this video that I forgot a bunch of other things. Thanks alot.
Cool
Wish you covered the hip-val stuff, but otherwise the best how-to I've seen for these
Great educational video thankyou learnt me something going to buy one now as before I didnt know how to use..👍
Thank you for your video 🙏🙌
Great
Go metric ....... much easier
If you don't have a plumb Bob can you use a meatball with a piece of spaghetti?
Had a square just to draw straight line. Now I know all the functionality of it. Thank you good sir 👍
As a old carpenter I always used a 2' framing square when marking rafters
Cool thanks
Oh yeah, and loved getting a level line from the plumb bob. Borderline showing off, but nice!
Really well done. Thank you for sharing this.
As a carpenter, Ive never known how to use one, I just know you have to use it fast.
How are you hanging your nail guns?
Nice video. Have you done one for the framing square?
I just needed a square and picked up one of these, now I know how to use it, sort of. Subbed!
great video
I’m not even a builder but that was really good.  Wish you Americans would go metric though.
wow ive been fighting with that for years finally i can use it and know what im doing thanks
The amount of info in 1p mins.. that Ive always wondered. Awesome!
That's a funny way to do it!
Excellent...I had No idea...but now I know.
This was AWESOME!!!
that is y speed in the name
Never knew this tool was so versatile.  Excellent presentational skills, thank you for this vid.
Thank you for the education, I am absolutely positively grateful for this video. thank you for taking the time to teach the rest of us, so in behalf of all those who have been enlighten by this video, THANK YOU! keep up the great work.
I wondered about this. Fine explanation.  I  am going to buy one. Regards Stephen.
The only thing my speed square doesn't have is the increment guide for straight lines.
Use only the angle square.  over hanging edge to the rafter then slide the pivot with the over hanging edge to find your slope degrees. Just like you used it as a protractor or how you figured plum cut to the rafter.only need the square for all its uses
So, you're telling me that the diamond is not for hanging it on a nail? :)
Saw one years ago on a job and hoped to learn its use.  Never learned how to use one.  Thanks!
Awesome!
Surveyor for 18 years, and been in construction for 30 years. Damn good video. You checked it both ways, from the calulated angle and the completed angle. Excellent job Sir.
I thought I knew a thing or two about my Swanson. I learned a few things I will admit. Thanks for the great upload!
Combination rafter square
What is the benefit off using common pitch ratio over standard degree's?
Great video! Thank you.
Very informative! Good Job and thanks
Who the hell has a plumb bob and a speed square but no level...? lol
great info cheers.
also the little little book with squaring tables and rafter lengths
Ive never wanted to buy a square this much.
43 years had to pass in order for me what that square was used for and how.  👍👍
I now know how to use a speed square. Thank you.
Usually people screw up Tool Instruction and Tips/Tricks. You did not. Thank you for the great info, I make my guys watch this before they can hit a jobsite.
Great, informative video. Even electricians need speed square knowledge. I always wondered how they cut the birds eyes out for the rafter tails.
You're an excellent teacher.
Very useful video.
I wonder if Eminem knows his father has a woodworking YouTube channel.
👌👍
ive had to figure out the speed square just by watching people use it. this was a great way to put it into words and you made my understanding of the speed square even better.
In your video after you tell how to determine the pitch which I believe to be 7.After that you said this determined 7-12 pitch.My question is about the no. twelve in the equasion.Does the 12 represent the run ?
Love me both my Swanson's
Learned something...thank you!
I don't NEED a speed square right now, but after watching this, I certainly WANT one.
Thanks man. Been trying to use my speed square more and this helps tremendously. Keeping this saved to my favorites.
So well explained!
Thank you for sharing information
Excellent, thank you!
Great Tutorial.  Unfortunately, what is second nature to you and allows you to figure out all those angles in minutes would take me a whole day or longer as I pondered every step of the way.
Unreal     Thank you very much I brought one of these but didn’t know what half the marks meant, I got it for 90 and 45 but this is going to make life a little easier knowing just what can be achieved from this square, thanks again mate
I didn't know I knew so little
aprendendo algo que ninguem nunca me ensinou .....
The 'birdsmouth' is made of two cuts, the shoulder cut and the seat cut.
Loved the video.... hated the commercials that started every minute
Great video! Informative, no doubt you are a professional!
Will need to watch it a few times, but some very useful information here!
Best speed square info. I have seen! Thank you.
Well done! I do enjoy your videos. Thank you
Man, thank you so much
thank you, i appreciate you sharing those complimentary line tips it's a reassuring technique, i will try to adapt it to my own work
Как раз вчера купил такой уголок. Не знал, что у него столько возможностей
Wanted to thank you for the video and Compliment you on the Audio. You spoke Very Clearly, no background noise, and I did not have the crank up the sound to the MAX!
Thank you, so much , your taking time teach this you made it easy
I’m very new to woodworking and one of the woodworking channels stated that the 45° on the speed square is accurate enough for construction but not for fine woodwork. He also advised using a draftsman’s as they are more accurate. I have both having bought the Swanson myself and as my late father was an engineering draftsman I have a couple of his, but I prefer the Swanson because of the lip.
i need a metric one.
Thanks
Speed squares got you fired where I used to work.
Good information,but wayyy to many ads..
Excellent tutorial on the proper use of a speed square. I have a couple of them & rarely if ever utilize them to their full potential! You have explained it in layman's terms so that a dummy such as myself can comprehend it... LOL.   Thanks for sharing this. :-)
Excellent vid tks
Wow! I thought I knew how to use a speed square pretty well... Turns out I didn't know shit! Thanks!
Geometry at it finest, thanks man
Very informative video, i learned a lot, and thanks for that!
Very nice video thank u
Very nice, no extraneous blather, just practical information and application. Good pacing, content sequencing, and presentation. Thank you, another toolbox mystery solved.
Excellent tutorial on the use of a speed square! You have made a subscriber out of me!
I didn't know until now that a speed square was so useful! Thank you
love the vid dude. kinda used squares alot. the things i just learned? its like owning a car for years and finding out it has nitrous. thanks. swanson squares forever.
My favorite tool!
Holding the speed square against the level line will work to find a horizontal line as well.
Um yeah, I had one of these in my belt when I worked in trades for 8 years, and you just showed me all kinds of stuff I never even thought of!
Great tips!
Wow. This video makes me want to log into Amazon and get myself a speed square!
Wow awesome video. I am a concrete carpenter and this will really tidy up my work. This information is  gold I rewound it several times. Awesome subbed and liked.
Use the base when using ure bar level
Great video ,lot of tricks I haven't  seen before! As a keen D.I.Y'er I had a Swanson Speed square for a long time.Very useful  piece of kit.I chose Swanson for the build quality,still learning with it. But always a nice straight cut,great as a guide for a skill saw,too, dividing timber,finding /measuring angles.I use the speed square in conjunction with my Stanley tape, for fast marking of timber studding etc
If I’m replacing a rotted rafter end with the roof on.. How can I find the exact pitch
I've had a speed square for years. I only used it to cut 90° perfectly ! This video opened up a whole new world !  Nice pace and great explanations ! Thx Champ !
Brilliant!  I was debating buying one, now I'm kicking myself for not getting one LONG ago!
Excellent tutorial!
Great vid. Great tips. Easy to follow and remember.
2:11 that is literally the angle of the dangle. while it is used as a euphemism allot, this is what it comes from.
Thank you very much.
Ah. So that's what they're for. I bought one when the Z axis motor bracket broke on my 3D printer. Yup, 4mm ally is better that 4.5mm acrylic any day! X¬D
Thank you! I’ve had these for years and always wondered what all the other info was on the square. Also I absolutely do not understand why people put thumbs down on informative videos. The Info techniques my differ from their chosen methods but it’s still informative. Multiple thumbs up from me! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Funny how you can watch and listen to ten guys explaining the same topic, but you only understand one person.. Thanks for being that one person!!! Razor!
Where did you find the "maker" t-shirt?
Yeaaaah I'm gonna have to go with the two Other methods verses the common. Little Diamond for the Win. Otherwise, Great Video.  I Love my Speed Squares. Yeah I got a few. I tried to show this video to my wife so she might understand a bit better... She got the same look when I try to explain things to her. I usually just end up telling her, "Just Trust me" it'll work OK. Go Away now.
966 people live in a world with no corners!  Thanks for the useful info MBM!  Subscribed!
Excellent video! It was so good I just ordered a swanson speed square on ebay, Thanks!
I like how you made and double checked those measurements using the speed square. I have one or maybe two and need to use them for some work I need to complete. Thanks for sharing the information with us.
Try this to get reverse angels with speed square mark pivot point mark 6 12 braw line between marks that's reverse 6 12.
I wish we would just call the roof angle in degrees like normal people. 12/12 is 45 degrees damnit
VERRY GOOD INFO. THANKS !!!
On the first tip, why not just use the level.
so technically speaking, "huh?"
well damn..
Great info Thanks a lot
Bird notch I've never figured out how to do? Bummer
God for scraping ice only
So you proved that using the diamond is the best and simplest way to scribe the notch then.
Wow! I never knew any of that information. Thanks for sharing!
Apparently this is actually very similar to how the Egyptians did it.  The Egyptians had something that look like a speed square with a 90 degree and a 45 degree angle and it had a plumb-bob that hung down from it. Just like you demonstrated here for the door and leveling.  The other tool that they had looked a little bit like the letter F and it had a plumb-bob on it and the two arms for the F were the same length and they were attached to the back of the letter F shape obviously.  when you put that back  to Stone you know the stone was perfectly vertical and flush if the plumbob touched both of the arms of the letter F  And the third tool they had were some wooden dowels that they rolled across things to see where they would be dips or rises in the stone
My uncle taught me how to use one of these when I was  building houses with him when I was  15 (35 years ago).  I still use it frequently but had forgotten some of the things it can do.  Thanks for the refresher.  Even more, I appreciate you actually discussing what you're doing rather than just saying, "here, watch this and keep up while you listen to crappy background music".  Well done.
I learned so much in such a small amount of time!  I just bought one cause I heard they were good to have.  I figured out 45 on my own, but had no clue how much I could do with this thing.
thanks for sharing the  information!
Very informative!
Yeah... I forgot my level, but I DO have a plumb bob on me!
Thank you very much for these explanations. I'm happy to finally know how to properly use a square. Congratulations on the didactics.
this isthe most educational thing iv seen in a while. keep it up!
Good job 👏🏼
Fantastic video.  You are an excellent instructor.  Definitely will use your link to order a couple of these speed squares for my kids.  I have owned a Speed square exactly like the one you demoed and never took the time to learn how to use the multiple features.  Thanks again.
Excellent!  Thanks!
Thank you. I had no idea how to use mine. All I ever did was draw straight lines on lumber for cutting.
Thanks for the explanation of the Speed Square. I've had one for many years and didn't know even half the things it could do.
Thank you. I had never heard of speed squares before, and now I definitely want one.
I've used a speed square numerous times but was never taught all the functions of the tool.  Thank you for sharing this video, it will definitely be of great help.
nice tutorial, never knew how versatile they were, gonna get me one now for work
Good thing we live on a stationary flat plane rather than a spinning ball otherwise none of these speed square techniques would work
Verry handy tool, they are rare here in europe but i got one in metric
@makebuildmondify great tutorial video.  I had no idea of the value of this tool. I will be using one in about a month or so. (Y)
I could watch again.. didn't see the one with the circles.. I used to be a bit of math geek.  I love trig. I and basic geometry.  This should be part of math classes.  If I understood this right by using the triangle (square) in the second method..when we check and find the complementary angle..(I have a vision of angles giving complements to each other,) when you checked it last  it was accurate to a half degree. I a fan.
I am totally into this. So simple..but things I never took the time to learn.
Excellent.
Thanks, well done.
Thanks for the information especially on the seat cut, I'm going to go outside and try it right now for the cover on my porch
I wanna have one of speed square
Solid info
Love the video. I bought a speed square years ago when I was building a shed, but had no idea how to use it. As I'm geting ready to build a cabin, your video was very informative, and I'm sure I'll be referring back to it in the future.
Amazing! I always wondered what all those marks meant! Wish I could remember all the information you provided! Thanks for the information :)
Immediately got my sub!!
very helpful..thanks for sharing..
Excellent!!!  I had no idea.
Thank you so much for this! I’m now the proud owner of a Swanson Speed Square and Combination Square set. I’ve used other speed squares and I have a few other combination squares, but now that I know how to use them, what makes a Swanson unique and how useful they are, I’m very happy to have such a useful tool in my ToolBox. Thanks again!
Now I finally understand what this thing is! COOL!
i only use the square for 90 and 45 degrees marking :D this was informative. a question though. in the beginning you said it was straight when measuring with that small leveler, cause it was between the lines. but how accurate is that small leveler? i mean if you have checked the line with a 3m leveler or laser. would it be as accurate?
I have been a carpenter for 7+ years and am embarrassed to say that this is sooo helpful! Thank you.
Enlighting 💡
Instead of using the plumb bob and speed square to get a level line, why don't you just use the level???
You should be a teacher at a school 👍
Cool vid very informative . right on !
Very informative.   I will need to watch it a few more times as I practice with my speed square.
I thought you were James Milner (English footballer) at first.
AWESOME! A wealth of info!! I learned something today....
Great video bud. Great info and instructions. Thank you for sharing.
I luv this video man.Thank you for sharing.
Subscribed. 👍
Thank you,  i learned a great deal from this video.
Wow! Great video very helpful Thanks
Very informative video. I learned a lot of things from it. Thank you. Now if I can just remember it. 😂 Subscribed and looking forward to learning more.
The complimentary angle always totals 90 degrees so a 10 pitch roof is 40 degrees the complimentary angle is 50 degrees. always back to 90 in stairs and roofs.
GREAT VIDEO!!!!
Good info.  Thanks!
You're a good presenter!
Maths and me are like chalk and cheese, i just can't brain it lol. However this little piece of genius equipment would make even me a geometry major, next tool i buy.
Dang it! I have little triangles on mine instead of little diamonds.
thanks..I learned alot
Been trying to figure out all that gobbltygook for YEARS! Thank You! :)
Many thanks mate! This helped me alot. I'm a beginning Scotch-Irish builder(fram-finsh); just took a job working for my Scotch-Irish father, (tempers flying.....) As I was having trouble navigating the simple square/speed square. thanks to your video I'm no longer being screamed at, haha in a language I don't understand!! Thank you buddy.
GREAT!!!
Getting one soon. Hopefully, it comes with instructions! Memory is not what it used to be.
Superb.. I Already have a speed square.. Now I know how to use it fully.
So beautifully paced... Super cool intonation... Never felt tapping the fast forward.. Great! Thanks.
Nice explanation. thank you.
Good stuff! Never had any proper instruction on a speed square before.
good vid love the info!!!!! Be proud of your work!!!!
Very well done sir! thumbs up!  I've used this tool most of my life, it is a super handy tool, It really came in handy when I had to replace and tear down a family member's whole front porch for a frame house in Chicago that had an exagerated pitch on the front stairs and I had to notch about a dozen L/R cuts for the steps on the stringers.  It was quite a custom job, but this tool's  simplicity yet usefulmess was awesome!.
Fantastic instructions, getting to the meat of it without  fluff. thanks for the valuable info!
Nice information as I didn't know 1/2 of this. Nicely done!
Hi Justin, I'm from Brazil and I need to know what this 6 by 12 measure means. Here we use the metric system, has how do I adapt this to the metric. My American friend, brought from the US a Speed ​​Square to me and I would like tô use this tool for framing here. can you help me please?
Nice vid Bro!! I'm learning stuff I had no idea bout Thanx!! I subbed
I don’t think I’ve watched a better instructional video on something that has always perplexed me. I watch instructional videos on virtually everything I can think of and this is by far one of the best. Congratulations you’ve on muddled a quagmire for me
Thanks buddy!
great video, i have been a carpenter for 30 years and i use different methods to work out roof pitches, but this has been very helpful, nice one mate!
thumbs up for a great video...
what surprises me is there so many people out there building stuff that have no idea how to use a speed square
that was great. Thanks for the education
THANK YOU !
Wouldn't to 22.5 deg angles make a 45 deg angle
Excellent video. Very concise information, without a lot of life stories that many feel they have to include in their videos. My time is both valuable and limited; when I come to YouTube I usually come for information, period. Thank you for the information.
Thanks bro that was awesome
Oh I love this. I'm such an amateur builder, but am always looking to improve my knowledge and skills with tools. I always wondered what the functions were of all of the numbers on the speed square!
Great video. I’m still confused on the roof framing. I have to watch it a few more times. Thanks
Wow, outstanding information. Thanks so much for this video.
I saw you drop that square! it was 14 below and i dropped my plastic speed square! shatered. you had me at the words screw up!
That was SO helpful. Many thanks.
... thumbs up for the first 15 seconds ;-)  I loved it!
Great man. Thanks.
Awesome info.
This helps so much. Thanks
Speed Square!
You can get reverse angles too
Thanks for the video demonstration, the info was great to know.
A Sharpie to mark the material? I see a lot of stain-blocking primer in your future. Why?
Thanks
This is an example of good teaching... simple, yet effective!  Thanks!!!
Very useful. Thanks.
Wow!! You are awesome. what you introduced are so good !!  Thanks
Thanks man...great info! 👍 Is the Swanson speed square the one to have? I’ve bought two speed squares in the past and they were so roughly built that the stupid thins weren’t even perfectly square. Trying to find a good one...
Great video, very helpful
This was an excellent tutorial and I have used a pen to take notes. I am going to put a fence up soon, and will definitely refer to the knowledge learn't on this video.  Your demonstration of the plumblob  and the use of a speed square was invaluable.  I will definitely refer to this video again whist practicing the practical elements to reinforce learning.  Just need to purchase the items and go from there.
That was awesome.  I had no idea this tool had so much info on it.
I just liked and subscribed to your Channel and the a fellow carpentr   What do you think about what YouTube's doing with changing the rules? And what I think if you only had 700 subscribers?
Where can I get one from & how much will it cost? Many Thanks Rob
EXCELLENT THANK YOU!!!
Ty so much for a simple but educational tutorial.  I will keep this handy! 👌🏼
Thats a great video. Learned alot.
Good video, 25yrs using a speed square I just learned sumthin. Thanks
Thanks for the great demonstration.
thanks,  now I am going  to build a shed dormer.
Good Stuff.  Very nicely done.  Thanks for the video.
Great! Thanks for sharing!
Great job man, and yes I learned a lot aswell.
Good video.  I'm not a framer nor carpenter but one day picked up a speed square for a project, I read the manual but I didn't retain it.   Watching this video may have driven it home...I hope.   PS. Up coming project will put this info to work.  Thanks
Thanks for that demo, not being in the trade I never knew how cool a speed square was, what a great piece of kit.
Excellent info, thanks for video.
Thank you so much for the info! It is really usefully.
You're a good teacher dude. Keep up the good work!
Wow!  Found your video after building a shed in my backyard.  If I had seen your video before building the shed it would have saved me countless hours and wasted cuts....Just the information on rafter angle was fantastic!!!  Many thanks..I think I might build another shed just because your video was so informative!!!
Como puedo comprarla y donde...o se podra hacer.
Thank you.  I learned a lot.
Good information there, thanks for sharing!
I never knew a quarter of that , plus very well explained - thanks.
Make Build Modify, Just happened to notice those shelves in the background. I happen to have some of the same kind. I appreciate the way you used them. May make similar. The speed square was introduced to me on PBS back in the '80's. by Norm Abrams.  A must have indeed! Indispensable! +Works by Solo, good point! I could say the same. Thank you Justin!
Great information!  I love my speed square!
Very Good and clear.   Thanks for sharing.
This illustrates how engineers were able to put astronauts on the moon using slide rules before the advent of modern electronic computers.
Well done.
Thanks man that HELPS. I am planning to build a small tool shed   from scratch.
great simple tips thanks
Thank you very interesting I have one and did not know what to do with it.
Awesome!!!
Very nice. It's hard to find someone that actually knows what the rest of the marks on the square are for. There is so much information packed into a single tool.
Wow! Excellent video, good work smarty pants.
They're called complementary angles because the fit together to form 90°. Thus, they complement one another.
That was great thank you!
This is very awesome tips , thanks for your professional tips.
Fantastic video mate very informative 👌
...thank you...knowledge is power...
Love the American accent :) and a very helpful video thank you
Congrats, you pass my Geometry class.  #whenwilIeverusethis?
Sweet!
H,
Where were u 28 years ago? u r a good guy Justin
very good video helps a lot
Very good video thanks for all your knowledge
I have the "other" speed square. Wish you'd make a video with that "one" also. Thanks.
I've been using those squares for years and know most of this stuff, but I've NEVER been able to find someone explain what the little line on the corner is for at 10:42 .But... as you see on your other square, most versions of this square have it running to the 70°, not 80 like the Swanson. Does it work the same way, or is it for a different lumber?
A speed square looks like a triangle because it's moving so fast. If it looks square its because your slow lol
Nice video first off,  but when using a square to construct rafter a framing square is much more suited, pretty much its main purpose. I personally love the Swanson for laying out my walls marking the plates. The notches in the top open section with the 1/2' increments is perfect for jacks king posts partion posts. I get your doing a tutorial on speed square  but im guessing even you use a framing square for rafters?
HAH! My dad and I built a small shed last summer. We were making the rafters by hand. We just kind of marked until it looked right HAHAHAHA  Now that I know how it works. I am saving this so I can reference it next year. Dad always has 'a plan' on what he wants to build next, so we will probably need to use this info again :D AWESOME !!!!
Thanks for this very useful video.  I have had a square for years and had no clue how to use all the additional functions.
GUD
cool!!!
Excellent video, excellent teacher.
Thanks for info. Only knew basics of speed square :)
A carpenter's most used tool outside of a hammer and tape measure. I have like 12 lying around. Get one!
You could use this in a geometry class
One of a builders most useful tools at a very reasonable price.
Easier to use a torpedo level and your speed square to figure out rafter pitch than a plumb bob
Best video I have seen on this!  Thanks so much for posting!
Why is it called a Speed Square when it looks like a Speed Triangle ?
interesting tips I have been unsure how to use the tool effectively
IT IS COMMONLY SAID THAT WEARING A DIRESTA HAT DURING D.I.Y. INCREASES THE I.Q.BY 26%....!!BUT I BET YOU DONT NEED IT...!GREAT VIDEO AND EXPLANATION....!!!THANK YOU!!!
There is also a 12" speed square. Which one is best ? Is bigger better?
Great tips!
damn  I nearly forgot what we were trying to do...
been using a speed square for 32 years as a steel stud framer...never once used the numbers on it.
Great video. Have tried finding a good video on how to use a speed square and yours is by far the best! I thumbed it up and added it to my best wood working videos. Thanks for the great work!
Question; At the 5:30 mark you mentioned the top of the rafter goes through the 6" mark (from the pivot point). Now, couldn't this number easily become fudged? Couldn't you simply over/under pivot the square so the top of the rafter is reading at the 5" or 7" mark? How could you prevent an issue like that occurring if say, your working on a previously existing rafter?
I never knew I needed one.  Thanks for the link, now I won't be without.  BTW - 10th grade geometry came rushing back with all the supplementary and complementary angle talk.
My Head just blowed up! Good info
Concise and interesting.  Keep that approach; well done!
Pretty well made video with clear instruction.
hahahahah
Dude. Hit it out of the ballpark on this - amazingly informative. I'm just getting into woodworking and this vid is fantastic. Unfortunately, I already have a swanson large & small speed squares otherwise I'd purchase thru your affiliate link. Cheers!
wow, i gave a few of these away over the years, i never knew how to use one, great info, i will share this with some folks
ok, so humor me, why would i take a plumbob and a speed square to draw a level line when you can just put your level on the door and draw a level line
I Thank d
Learning something new every day.  Thanks!
great vid, anoying ads
Thank you so much for your time sir
thanks very good input
Great video. Thanks
Learned from this video. Thank you
This is great information that I'll never learn from the guys on my jobsites, thanks!
Great instruction!
Very good video though!!
Hahaha he called the plum cut a seat cut!!
awesome video thanks
Awesome! Thanks for pointing all that out. Now I know why it is called a speed square. Terrific educational video.
One of the best explanations of the speed square, I've ever seen.
How do you have your air tools mounted under that shelf?
Are you a teacher?..you should be one. If I had you in high school shop I would of never skipped it. Learnt about a tool i've owned for years...Thanks.
no wonder why geometry was difficult triangles are squares
also a tip, buy the METAL speed square.  you'll use this tool on every wood working project and after you draw the line you'll dump this tool to the side cause it don't fit so nice on your fanny pack.  then you'll step on it and wish you had ponied up for the metal one...  ;)
why waste time watching you tube crap,knowledge is power ;) P E A C E
Thanks for sharing this info.  I want to build something now.
I'd of just used my level😉
bought this tool not knowing how cool it is. just got for the 90 degree mark but can do so much more. thanks for posting
This is a very informative video.
I like speed square easy to find angles
thank you sir,I really appreciate people like yourself who are willing to teach people like myself.very informative, good job.
So when you say the 30 degree mark goes through the edge for example, is it not exactly on the edge but just below the edge? It looked from the camera angle that the line (which ever number you were using) was actually below the edge. Or am I mistaken? Just need a bit of clarification. Thanks for the video!
Very nice, one of the best vids out there.  Better than filling your head fluff.  Just subd.
Good video Useful info Thanks
If you don't use a Swanson speed square you're a hack.  This is great video for someone getting into carpentey.
Just proved the Earth is flat and stationary... again!! Good job dude!!
Wow....one never knows...."what one doesn't know"....until asking/watching a Master at work....this is the same with "all topics in life'.  No one can learn it all in 100 years. Nice video.
if you use the speed swear correctly the foundation will always line up with the roof of the building. correct. ?
Why not just use a level? It's easier
Thank You....
so awesome thanks
this guy is an excellent Carpenter. definitely a master roofer. wow !
I learned a lot here. Thanks for you're effort
Good Review of the Speed Square, I also like the way you suspended your Air Tool? from the under carriage of a wire rack, how about some close up's or did you do an article you can refer me to Good Job Keep It UP Respectfully, Jim P
Great video.
You are a great teacher!  I wish I would have seen this before I built my chicken coop.  I had to do those bird mouth cuts & about lost my mind.... it certainly didn't come out nearly as neatly... fortunately the chickens haven't complained :-)  wonderful to know how to figure those cuts greater than 90.  Thank you for your time & effort!!
That was awesome! thank you.
So interesting, thank you.
Mind. Blown.
I knew there was more to that cool tool .. I felt sort of stupid not knowing what it could do beyond the obvious squaring feature.. Great video one of the best on this tool I have yet to see.. not sure so many people know all of that about this tool .. Unless all you do is roofs I suppose.  Knowing all this now will take a little hands on practice and then I can cut like a pro.
I would not describe this as basic tutorial. Don't know the meaning of a complimentary angle, protractor, hip valley, high school grad only. Like the idea of how to use the speed square, another basic 101 video for us little bus riders ?
Unfortunately is not much of a use outside US.And I'm a bit lost with these imperial units .Good video thou.
I've used one of those my whole life and didn't know all of that. And you answered a problem I'm currently having with complementary angles on making table legs. Thank you, great video.
I knew about only half of these, and to think that a square can be used for more than just a saw guide...!
I'm in the middle of a porch rebuild my friend asked me if I had a speed square I had no clue what it was. A few days later I found one in my tools. I asked him to show me how to use it. Thanks to the video I have a better understanding of how it works and I won't have to wait for him. I subscribed because I love doing things on my own and you explain things so clearly.
Great vid, thx!
Although I knew most of what you demonstrated, the way you explained them was very simple, clear and concise.  Thanks.
Very informative , thk for share
What is a "6, 12 roof" ?
I learned so much from this video, i have been looking for videos on roofing and this video has helped so much! I never knew half of the things this tool could do
Another Swanson speed square tip we use when setting windows is use 2 SSS as shims if the sill plate is level
cool video thanks for the knowledge
Thank you for sharing.
way cool
I'm glad I put my "manly pride" aside and watched this. I've a had a square for some many years and haven't used half of its capabilities. p.s. the comedic intro and great info got a subscribe from me. I usually like music in videos but I didn't even notice there wasn't any because I was hooked on info.  Thanks man.
Now THAT was a useful YouTube video(!).  Lots of things that I never knew about a speed square.  Well done...(!).
I like that square, and have one or more around home which I never got to use since I am not a carpenter. I enjoyed the video with you showing us how to measure with it.
Bueno work
Awesome tips. Thanks for sharing
Very informative! Thank you!!
I just had to trim out a bunch of little houses that had some really bad framing. And dont get me started on the sheet rock guys. They made a big mess . I love my job tho
hell yeah good video brother. Im a finish carpenter this is very helpful
I have watched multiple speed square basic videos on YouTube and your video is by far the best. Such detailed explanations really helped me understand completely. The only thing I have used my speed square for is 90 & 45 degree cuts, but soon I will be using your tips for making trusses for my new shed.
Greetings, well done. Very useful. Thanks for sharing.    pax
Should the inch have been divisible, or based on 3, 12 parts to an inch? Instead of 8, 16, 32 etc? Think about it. What do you say?
very helpful thanks for the video
One thing that bothers me is that most speed squares (a couple swansons I came across included) are not trully square. Damn, maybe it's just my OCD...
I might just go back into construction throw my bags and use that bad boy. Great video sir.
I never knew that. Thank you
I work in steel framing and It served me so much  thanks Excellent Video 👍👍
Hey babe, can you grab the square for me, it looks like a TRIANGLE...   :/
Just ordered a speed Square and i found this video very informational, thank you.
I am a beginner when it comes to woodwork and this has been a great tutorial for me . I have a speed square and now I know what is all this numbers for, more than 90 or 45 degree marks. Thanks
Thanks for the information. Well done.
Currently a freshman in a Carpentry program at a vocational high school, never knew how to use my speed square to its fullest potential. Thanks for the very helpful video! I'll be showing my friends these tips this week
thanks Justin good video
very helpful thank you
2:07 ITS THE ILUNATI TRIANGLE  lol
thank you for sharing your experience
good. video amigo. a prendi nuevas cosas. i learn news stuff by. watching  gracias
Awesome video!  I'm an electrician but there is still a lot of useful tricks here for me.  The plumb bob trick was my favorite.  I'm going to be putting my speed square to use on monday.
that was very helpful thank you
best way explain to love it
Thanks for the lesson very helpful
do you have any videos on how to mark and cut valley rafters? just subscribed
I had a speed square in my tool box a long time only found out recently how to use it now addicted to it thanks once again learn every day. enjoy your videos
How did u mount your metal racks on the wall
I love my "Johnny Sauare" it has notched every quarter inch for scribing lines a very handy feature. But the Johnny Square.
Hi everyone! If you decide to buy a speed square please consider ordering it with my affiliate link. It helps support the videos at no extra cost to you. Thanks for watching!    link: http://amzn.to/2eE8BqC
After watching this video, I am going to buy one this afternoon. Thanks
OUTSTANDING tips. cheers
un spanish plis
I have subscribed...  You are the best. Thank You
Fantastic video ... clear, complete, well paced and extremely helpful! Thank you.
thankyou
thank you very much you are a very great person , I really learned a lot from this video , I had speed square since long time just now I new those functions .
Congrats, You taught a fifty-year-old homebuilder a new trick. I did not know your second method for 2x4 seat cut.I would never use it but now I know.
J I need
Very informative! I learned a lot about using this now. Keep up the great work.
Cirque Du Soleil is hiring right now.......lol. Thanks for all the tips.
good
Very good info on the Swanson speed square. I'm a new to this and I only knew the basics. Your video shows more than the basics. Trying to pick a new hobby in woodwork for my retirement, Thanks!👍😊
Excellent tutorial. I have just ordered one of these tools to help make an equatorial mount for my camera for photographing stars. Thanks.
Thank you so much for this video.  I've had one of these for years and just never knew how versatile it really was.  THANKS!
Thank you for the useful information!
very interesting it gives a whole new Avenue to explore and use the speed square .
Que pena, eu acho que foi interessante , mas nao entendi nada que ele falou
Outstanding presentation!
can you do a video on hip valley rafter layout with speed square?
Thank you, very informative.
Good info.
What a cracking video, thanks mate
thanks for best videos. sir please summaraise about tailoring squair
I have the johnson rafter square because I wanted a black one :) Dewalt makes a makes a 7 and 12" black one, as well. You might add affiliate links for those too. Do you ever have much need for a 12"? Have you tried the plastic squares?
Thanks for the awesome content. As someone who teaches general construction (first year apprentice) to high school students, I still picked up some awesome tips from this. I have a couple of poly speedsquares in the shop, but I can't legally have the students constructing roof frames so I get rusty on all the uses.  I might even have them watch this and they can get the idea doing mock ups or small structures. I'll be sending them out into the workforce a bit more equipped than my syllabus is asking. Thank you. 👍🏻
As a soon to be carpenter I can't thank you enough :)
I have generally only used my speed square for a few operations. Now that I ran across your video, I'll be using it for a whole lot more! Awesome video bud! 👍👍👍😊
Excellent tutorial, thanks!
hi justin sorry to be a pest, is the plum cut on the jack rafter the same as the plumb cut on the hip valley rafter, cheers
is the hip 6 / 17 on the framing square
All of this stuff is in the Swanson Speed Square manual, but this is a super clear presentation, and you just helped me get the trickier bits. Well done.
Great tips  Thanks
liked this video just for the beginning
Great tips Justin!  I've been using a speed square for over 25 years and still learned something.
very nice presentation there partner thank you for sharing!!!!!
One of the most useful videos on YouTube. Thank you.
Very interesting
thankyou!
your videos are interesting and you come across very well pity there are not more channels like yours
I've had a speed square for years and never knew a quarter of the stuff you just taught me! I like the pace of your video. Good speed and easy to follow along. Thank you! SUBSCRIBED!
The speed square is the best explanation for use thanks,now I know how to use this beautiful tool.
Thanks you for sharing this video
You remind me so much of pocket83, it' almot uncanney. Love the way you preent information. Short, to the point, no-bullshit. Qualities I admire and apire to.  Cheers man, subbed!
I liked this tutorial so much I went out and got me a Speed Square. Hey they are nifty little suckers!  Thanks for the tips Justin!
Thank you for the many valuable explanations. nice video👍🔥🌶
nice video man
Now there are no questions about what those holes and lines are for.  Awesome explanation.  Thanks!
Nice!! Out of curiosity, do you guys ever use the squares with the pivoting arms on them that you can set to whatever pitch you're doing?
There's a shed build in my future so I know I will revisit this video.  Thanks for all the info.
Good info, thank you!
Great stuff man!
Dude! Great video!
Very interesting tips, thanks for sharing!
I have been schooled !!!!! Love this Justin :-)
Fantastic explanation on how to use this very important tool. well done
Nice, a roofers multitool!
Awesome tips Justin. Didn't know most of that, definitely a useful tool!
Great video Justin! So really useful tips in here.
