I ordered this before the video finished. Thank you!
Hi what is the exact colour name? Just white or off white? Thanks!
Does this work on plastic surface like isotope tables?
Can I remove the paint though? I wanted the wood colour ..don't like the white anymore
Sorry... but I can still see the chip in the finish under where you tried to cover it up. But thank you for sharing this.
How can i buy this in Europe? Is that white or truw white?
Hi, i have a white desk with a white wood veneer and I accidentally used a cutter to cut something and now I end up having multiple long hairlines on my desk top. Will this repair stick work or is it too thin to fill in?
where's the link to buy it?
Exactly what I need. Movers dinged up my white Malm bedroom furniture. Nothing terrible, but random scratches. Thank-you.
Does it work on wider surfaces, like the size of the palm? I have smears/scratches on my white ikea wardrobe door and you can only see it when looking sideways because of the light,. I’d love to even it out with the rest of the surface.
Waw beautiful thank you ❤
Is this available in Canada?
My new Malm desk has a very small chip on one of the edges I accidentally caused  when I knocked something into it and am so annoyed at myself. I really hope this works.
Where to buy this? Couldn't find it.
I noticed a small scratch, thought it was dried up chocolate milk that I had spilled and when I realised it was a small brown chip I was so annoyed... I've only had this desk for about three weeks
This works on a white Micke desk too?
Anyone know which white for an Ikea Pax wardrobe?
Which brand paint I can use to paint ikea white table?
I like shaking my stick a little more rigorously for a more dramatic result
Hi there, could you tell me please what colour of pen I use for hemnes furniture please? Thanks
Thanks Madam
How have I never heard of this before today?! My mind is blown 🤯 I've got some beat up Ikea tables in my work studio and even though I'm not looking for them to be pristine again I would like to fix up some scratches. Thanks for this video!
I have a gloss table and is chipping off..will this help?
I just fked up my table becuase im samurai jack
One would think she would put a link on where to buy the product but nooooooo......
Can I eat it.
I have tried this product on my damaged white Bekant desk. The filler is a sort of putty or crayon that fills in gouges. There are two white shades to choose from, true white and white. I chose white and it is a reasonable match. But don't expect perfection. This is not going to make your desk look brand new. But if you have gouges in your laminate as I did it will make it look a lot better.  It can be tricky to apply. Sometime you apply some of the crayon stick and as you are smoothing it out, it will all come off revealing the gouge once again. I found it helped use my finger try to smooth the putty without it coming off at times. But I have never done this sort of thing before and my applying of the product was unskillful. A more craft-oriented person would likely do a much better job. My desk was badly damaged and I am happy with the way this has turned out. But as I say, don't expect perfection.
Life savior. Was about to change a whole desk because of a small dent.
There are 2 colors white and true white, which one to choose ?
Does anyone’s got a link to buy it in Europe?
how to paint over not repair
Take my money. Where can I get it?
Make it wooden with the help of the Stodoys plans instructions.
my MALM computer desk is all chipped....it's ridiculous how ikea white furniture gets chipped like that .....afff juts ordered on ebay this one...at least they ship from USA to Europe
But I can still see it :S
Thanks! I accidentally scratched my new white ikea table.
Can you use on the inside of kitchen cabinets.?
Will this work with a white IKEA desk with nicks on the laminate?
How I get in Portugal
I tried it on my white ikea desk the desk is not as white. It also isn’t drying it just didn’t blend well for me :(
Whoever invented this is big brained
Which color was being used in the video, White or True White?
Hy,where can I order the stick?
made an account, cant order to norway :(
Like Tipex
Just take the chair back ?
Hi, was it white or true white that match IKEA furniture?
You can use woodprix instructions to build it in the cheapest way.
Would this work for water marks
COOL. THANKS.
does this color work for all ikea white since some finishes such as Billy are different from say Hemnes?
does this color work for all ikea white since some finishes such as Billy are different from say Hemnes?
does this color work for all ikea white since some finishes such as Billy are different from say Hemnes?
does this color work for all ikea white since some finishes such as Billy are different from say Hemnes?
Can I buy this in the uk?
Let's check woodprix handbook if you want to make it cheaper and better.
does this work on ikea white kitchen cabinet doors?
It's Voila... not Wallla
Is White 1 color same as True White? I can't find White 1 color.
You can use woodprix, it has the best handbooks and ready instructions. You can learn much from them and make it yourself.
legible, simple and quick, just stodoys plans.
will this work on the bubbles too? i have bubbles and on top of said bubbles, is where the paint as worn away?
Where do you buy this
We need this in the UK!
How do I get this in Portugal?
