Uses up waste oil and heats the garage. Perfect!
Interesting. Don't think I'll ever use it. Nice to know it can be that easy. I saw a guy that was trying to use waste oil in a diesel burner and it didn't work.
I noticed on your tee that the airline comes up from the bottom into the tee  That means the bottom of the line  fill up with oil before it gets too the burn pot ?
Just what I've been looking for thanks 😊from 🇬🇧
Where does your fan blow ?
45
Great PSA for wearing ear protection during your career to avoid low key shouting at cameras/people.
Nice simple job
Thanks for sharing! Can I use used cooking as well? Or do you find a certain oil burns better or is better to use? Thanks!
Quick question...I have watched many of these waste oil burner videos and was wondering why none of them are build for in-home use.  Any idea?
I wish every video that explains and shows an individual's experience on something that i watch on YouTube  were as helpful and relatable as this one. He gives an explanation of what HE did and i can add or subtract what info i want and showed it very well. Thx sir.
That fan melted yet?
How big is your copper tube?
Thank you so very much
Does it smell like burnt oil in the garage? Great job
My governor back in 1980 converted a 2nd world war tortoise stove intoa waste oil and water drip fed stove and used a 4 inch peice of steel tube as the flue which went out through the roof we had to shut it down after 20 mins as the top of the flue was white hot and the flame was blasting out the top of the flue by about 6 feet and sounded like a doodlebug it nearly burned the workshop down ....awesome power though
what stops the oil lighting in the pipe and going to the tank
TOP NOTCH cheers
I like this idea for a shop heater.  I heat my house with wood 🪵.  My house is 30x60 with a four foot hallway down the center. And what I do to move the air is to put a box fan at the end of the hallway in front of the bedroom blowing the cooler air on the floor towards the wood stove that’s in the living room. It works great if you hold a candle 🕯️ up high the flame 🔥 will be leaning over in the direction of the hot air flow. And held low it goes in the direction of the cold air. I just leave the fan on low.
Good for the environment. Climate change is wasted on you.
Lots of air might seem good... how about Nitrogen Oxide emissions. Nobody mentions this.
I’ve taken out my old back boiler stove, I’m wondering iff this set up would work on heating radiators from it, would be interesting to see iff it does.
That cooper tubing will eventually disintegrate from heat, need to be replaced with stainless steel tube.
Is there any version of this that does not require electricity to run a fan?
What blower did you use for this do you have links. I ask cause all the mattress blowers I've found. Have warnings not to run them more then 15 mins. Thanks man awesome set up.
Could you use a small propane tank for your bowl or would the heat be to much for it ?
I think that was a 45 going into the bowl.    I'm just messing with you.    This is good stuff.  I'm trying to do the same thing. Only because my best friend owns a bar and he has used fryer grease to get rid of.  It piles up in clear 5 gallon jugs.   I have a couple storage tanks with the hand cr a nk pump.    I just burn garbage with the it but I have a bunch of old woodstoves and a ton of ingenuity.   Figured I could get a better use out of the grease.   Even tho I already heat my house for free with firewood that I cut.    Part of me just wants to make a waste oil heater just to do it
Would this work with waste veggie oil?  Any way to get a fan that's much quieter?
How long does that 5 gallon pal last?
Ver cool!  And doable!
Awesome job my man you are a legend thank you for the good explanation
Where can I get me one of them fireproof phones? I need it for my Sauna!
Very nice design. Air you adding the air to the furnace through the T fitting? Thanks
A friend of mine had a plain wood burning stove(a barrel) that dripped used oil on a log and used it for years, without any problem...a very primitive design...
You need a fire box for that big of flame
A smart country would have inmates build such things for the law abiding citizens.
Great, some of these comments raise concern of climate clown who may report you to the E.P.A. and it's happened to others after posting creative ideas.
No mention of the alarm needed to check for CO2.
Will it use old motor oil?
Can you show how you hook up the air pump please. I want to try this for my shop.  Thank you from Maine
If you use a ball valve in conjunction with the turn valve then you can toggle it on/off while keeping your flow the same :)
Do you have a dampener in the  Exhaust stack
What type of bowl do you use? Want to make sure the bowl doesn't melt.
Great video..thanks
What keeps the oil from going down the air pipe before turning on the fan.
This is the best...Thanks
N8ce
Looks good, an easy set up. Now how much oil will be use in a hr ? Or a day running.??
Oh Kevin.... that bowl- seems to me it might be a little tall? Directing the flame against the top mainly. But what if you cut the bowl off top or bottom (😂jk)  cut the top lip down so the stove gets better heat dispersion. OH!!! OR! !!‐ from the top of the bowl- cut Down 1 1/2 inches, turn a 90 and cut across parallel with the top edge 2-3 INCHES.  REPEAT! NOW... bend these out 30- 45°! Now you have introduced a swirling turbulence!  ALWAYS helps with o2 molecules finding hungry fuel molecules!  Nice build. What do you think? Anyone?
This is the most effective waste oil burner I have seen so far, thanks !
So how is the fan connected?
Good 1st try,   the wood stove part makes things easy but check out blue flame nozzles .  Increase the efficiency and way less emissions than orange flame. Less fuel more heat.
When using in very cold weather don't walk away and go inside to let the room warm up. After using one in the 60's as the oil warms up in will feed faster and faster almost burned down shop when is ran away with it's self.
Awesome dude!  Thank you!
yes. this is a great little setup. cheap and efficient.
pretty cool
How long will a 5 gallon bucket of oil last??  Does Al Gore know you are killing the planet??
You don't show us how the blower is attached to the stove or where or how the forced air is entering the stove? That's a fairly major part of this build. As it stands I could never build on of these based on what you've shown us here. What's the point of going to all that effort to make a video if you're going to leave important steps out? Just saying.
What would happen if the air pump went out, and no one noticed it?
Cool video and great job. I'm interested if you have ever exceeded the fuel ratio, or played with a variable speed fan. I used to work with brick kilns in a brick plant. Just curious if you ever tried to dial it in to get the most efficiency out of the amount of fuel your putting in. After you have complete combustion the excess air in not a bad thing but could be lessening the heat output per amount of fuel. Sorry for the nerdy question, and once again cool video.
I'm thinking of using this on a central heating boiler with the current heating oil burner removed and this in its place and wiring the water boiler thermostat to the Coleman blower to cut out when the water reaches temperature.what you think?
Clean your glass with ash.  It comes right off...happy burning
Pppp0
Can it be run on diesel?
Looking for a good use of old motor oil. Great design. Building this for my cabinet shop.  Free heat.  Love it!  Thanks for sharing.
How many watts for the fan? A quiet fan would be nice
That oil is containing a lot of heavy metals from engine. Dont let that air go into the room
This is great! Do you have any idea the rate of oil you burn? Like gallons/hour or day. It'd be nice to know how much I'd need to stock pile.
how much oil do you use per hour?
So the air comes in from the T ??? So the drip oil tube is also air???
Great video, thanks for sharing, this is what I was looking for, something simple to burn my old oil up and heat my garage. And thanks for not adding any music.
Been watching these so did some scrap hunting and built my own small flame use motor oil burner.   Works well so head over and take a look at it if you feel need
Many thanks Kev.
Very nice
I burn old oil at home (small amounts of cooking oil only) at (not in, lol) my apartment. If you get good air flow your neighbors won't even notice
very simple setup i like it
I wonder how long that blower will last, I don't think it was designed for continuous use.
How does the fan work?
I have 2 old jungers propane stove, ones works great, the other is parts. I wonder if I take the rest of the propane parts out of the nonworking one if I could make that kind of conversion out of it. I know jungers made diesel burners but I haven't found one by me. BTW these stoves are cast iron from the 60s, jungers was a Wisconsin based company and is long gone, but their stoves live on and are bulletproof
Yup, I stoped buying those lighters. Went to HD and bought the cheapo berzomatic auto ignighter.
Great job
What if you don't have a fan?
after seeing how easy it is im definitely going to ad a oil burner once I build a wood stove. im going to make a double barrel stove
Great job... but should you be aiming for a more bluish flame as yellow does suggest an incomplete burn...?
Can you send me a shopping list please for everything I need for this build.
Do you get any grease film on the inside of your shop, or in the air?
Can't see the video it's scrambled
evin içinde fan sesi kafa siker amk
This is a brilliant design. Just rigged it up in my garage, and it works FLAWLESSLY once you get the oil drip and airflow just right. ZERO smoke or odor. Now I got free and efficient heat for the winter...Simply amazing. thank you for sharing, Kevin!
How can you be sure that the fire doesn't go up the oil feeding tube?
On the low end how much oil would you go through in a 12 hour period?
Cool. Does it clog the flu with soot?
That's Muccan awesome
We need to make a radiator so 90 percent of the heat doesn't go out the top.
YOU !! Might ! As !! Well !! USE !! USED !! ENGINE !! OIL !! TOO !!
Awesome work. I live in Wisconsin. I have a pellet stove in my basement. It keeps my hardwood floors warm during the coldest months. Since the pellet stove already has a fan in it, it'd be perfect for a conversion. I'd simply go back to doing my own oil changes...
Good tech info on the why stuff
Would it burn veg oil?
Free heat, how is posible to no get a lot of smoke!
I would like to make something like this for my greenhouse, did you measure how long that bucket load of oil lasts. Thank you.
Very nice work,simple love it and working on mine with old wood burner ,thank you for sharing ,big hugs from Mn
Very cool ,that's what you improvising
I can get stainless steel to melt
Hey Kevin, where does the air enter the stove?
Where do you get the oil from? Is it like engine oil that you changed out of a tractor or truck, etc..?
Isnt there some danger of the oil in the line catching fire? I mean if its dripping through half inch pipe theres gonna be air in there too right? Not familiar w these so just askin. Thx
Your attitude made this one of the best on waste oil burner heaters. Great video.
hello , which oil is used please!!??.. thanks
I put a 45 degree elbow...er...
Will it run on chunks of used truck tyres?     Mine does & its fantastic for heating the shop for free
How many hours are on the mattress pump? Seems like that would burn out running constantly.  Great video thanks for sharing
Interesting how increasing the air flow burns drops of recycled transmission oil hotter I wonder how a gas engine could be made more efficient, redesigned for more airflow
Интересная идея. 👍👍👍
That's not upto standard, look at gerrys diy video for how to make a $5 burner properly
Are you still operating this unit?! I'm in Reno and would get one heck of a kick out of seeing it and talking with you! Blessings!!
So, the blower blows air through the 1"pipe?
looked like a 45 ,, not a 90 deg  fitting
That beats the hell out of messing with burning wood
IT IS "SUPER DEE DUPER!"
I like it. Well done
Does your heat go straight up the smoke pipe, or is there a built in baffle to help keep the heat from escaping?
I want to build one without the need of electricity.   I want to design a oil burning rocket stove
does this smell?  would i be able to put one to heat an office trailer?
Great video, this is the first one ive seen using forced draft, which seems to be a necessary requirement with keeping these homemade units clean burning. Where is the air being blown into the chamber?  Bottom, top or does it matter?
That thing really is super dee duper
This is something, I would like to do for my house, europa.
Какое КПД ? Думаю не более 20 процентов .
Great video, has given me some ideas,  thank you very much for making it. have a good one.
This is a great video, what kind of safety features could be put in so that it could be left unattended?
Does it throw off a fuel scent inside?
LOL, sounds like you need to buy the son-in-law a beer or three. Nice setup. I was wandering if used motor oil would work in this system.
Very nice build. I've been watching a lot of heater videos and the few I've found using old woodstoves as a starting point makes the most sense. Old stoves are somewhat obsolete, plentiful and probably cheaper than the cost of electricity, mig wire, cutting wheels and argon. When I build mine, it too will have a glass door as a quick glance once in a while will tell if all is well with the burn. I'm gonna guess that the only power tool you used was a 3/8 drill. FYI, Easy-off works great on white wall tires too. Remember those?
You should build a wood gasifier!
Super-de-duper ! That is kinda corny but funny ! Lol. I might put that air pump outside so it’s not so noisy ! I’ve got a bigger stove and wonder if it will keep my pole barn warm ! It’s 30’ x 50’ and have 2 buddies that own mechanics shops so I can get all the waste oil I want for FREE ! Should I filter it before burning ? Who knows what kind of chemicals are in it . Just asking !
Greta Thunberg would love this one :-D
let er rip pertater chip!
What's it smell like though?
Captions made the video lol
air flow will (or too much) can and will cause the heat going out your chimney to get too hot for your chimney. Too much air with too much fuel turns this thing into a blow torch...Watch the fuel to air ratio. Sleeve your chimney termination up top. Give yourself at least 1" clear from combustibles if you're using double wall. Way more if it's single wall pipe. Call a local HVAC guy from your area. You can't get insurance for this kind of 'field' modified heater. Do it right and you won't need an insurance guy
Add a little steal Brill in the bowl that would be extra heat less fuel...
If your blowing more air in than you need your pushing heat up and out - get a quiet little blower - less than 50$ and a manual damper to control air flow and like some say draw your air from outside with any kind of light tubing - it would be much more efficent
never hurts to improve check out mother earth's waste oil heater or burner they show a their burner pot but if you look deeper into they refined it to basically a small pot with 3/8 bolts they set 4 across the bottom then set four the opposite and I think four more the same course as the first which makes a little grid. this gets red and the oil vaporizes when it hits the grid. I just thought to mention great idea though nothing like free heat no matter what design you go with!
EPA going to love you
This is stupid burning oil is really stupid where r u from haven't u heard about global crisis
Impressive Kevin! I might use your idea in my next shop I build if that’s ok?
ok can i make q pin sized hole in a steel container that allows a drip of motor oil into woodstove without a bowl for fuel ontop of wood thats iinside woodstove? since 2 big  holes one to put pannfor cooking one to feed driping oil?
A fire on the floor in a shop where there is petroleum based products like gasoline.....what could possibly go wrong?? This is why ALL commercial flame based heaters are mounted high in the shop.
Hey Kevin... I'm impressed with the simplicity of your design.  I may incorporate this in a wood fired boiler I am presently repairing for my shop. I'm now going to find your build video... Thanks man.  Cool setup.
how long does a 5gal bucket of oil last ?
Nice video & well explained. My question is,where can purchase one of those fire proof cell phone?mines is just water proof....
Better yet, be a responsible parent to your kids' future and insulate your shop.
Waste of a good stove.  Most of your heat is going up the flue!  Doh
I want to take a salamander heater and convert it to a garage heater but not have the fumes from the burn anyone ever see one converted ?
One more question how did you cut the whole to install the flange.  If you don't have a cutting torch can you drill threw the thick plate steel or no and it looks like you used 1/2 inch black pipe .Does the hole have to be that large ,let me know. Thanks again Dale
Hi Kevin, that is ausome how is the smell burning waste oil and can you burn any oil products . Let me know thanks very much Dale
Getting cold this season. I should have made one of these with my everlast welder before the season started.
This guy just wants to die. Manufacturers design appliances to run safely they test them and they are approved by a third party. Then you receive manufacturers instructions on installing maintenance and commissions. This appliance is not a sealed combustion chamber and never meant to have a fan assisted flue.  I notice no mention of carbon monoxide alarms. And he’s advising others on how to convert an appliance which was never designed for this purpose.  When he is the cause of someone passing away due to carbon monoxide poisoning or being burned to death in a fire then he can explain how superde duberdy it really is. Also there is a cancer causing by product from flames of transmission oil synthetic oils waste oils. Ignorance is bliss
HI GOOD VIDEO   how long does the 5 gal last  ? thanks Ed  Lorotto Ontario Canada
stainless steel wont melt ?????????
How about original longform for all things Super including your stove... Superlative.... Great job ... best to you and yours.
Too much air blows your BTU's right out the chimney. It's a balancing act for fuel/air ratio. I DO like the simplicity of your conversion. Thanks!
talk more about the fan where does that fan blow?
Супер!!!
I like that so you can use use transmission fluid and use motor oil
Thank for the video and awesome idea. Nice and simple. 👍👍👍
The small fan how does that go into the wood stove
With this design could you close the needle valve and pull your drip pan and you have a wood stove again, is it universal?
Brilliant idea ,i tried different methods on controlling fuel when is so much easier controlling the  air
Umweldverschmutzer! Nein nicht recyceln sondern die ganzen adetive vom Öl in die Luft pumpen!
How much fuel do you use in a 6 to 8 hour period
Oil is recyclable and not a renewable resource. Wood is for wood stoves.
I have lived with a wood stove for over 40 years.   suggest that you listen to the comments below that suggest a single wall pipe.  Indeed, some pipes are made sith large dents that increase heat exchange.  I also suggest locating the stove or exit hole so that you have maximum horizontal run of the pipe.  You will get far more heat from a long, single wall pipe.  You mention the roar of the stove.  What makes the roar?  It is air rushing into the stove, through the stove, and up the pipe.  Where does the air come from?  Why, it is the nice warm air of your shop, creating a slight vacuum that sucks cold air in through every crack, hole and gap.  You are heating air, only to rush it out of the building via your double wall, insulated pipe. In short, you are attempting to heat the interior of a wind tunnel.   Controlling the draft will alleviate some of that.  But piping in a source of outside combustion air will allow you to keep the heated air inside where it belongs, while outside air fuels combustion, then exits through the pipe with no vacuum at the walls.  You can make it roar as loud as your heart desires, with no heat loss.
Shed heavily insured......wink wink
please , you  can CO2  emisión gas test?
awesome video! Thanks!
Had my first burn today kev and work great. Just want to stop by and say thanks for video 👍
Any update on this?
Amazing as cheap as insulation is it seems to be to much trouble for people to put in.
Kevin, this is by far the best method of waste oil heating I've seen yet.  Thank you, i think when i get my cabin done this will be my heat source.  Thank you very much. 👍👍👍
and i just installed a wood burning stove in my 14' cargo van. i think i will try this. thanks . John in Canada where it's frickin' cold.
the T connection ? why would the oil not run down the air pipe ??
Nice job, heavy gage single wall wood stove pipe works great, transfers heat into your space and is cheaper. You only need double wall going through the wall and if it's sleeved with a thimble your fine. Check with a local wood stove store and they can set you up or ask a HVAC guy as to local codes. Brake drums or old cast iron skillets work too. If you burn used motor oil or a mix check your door gasket etc, you want it air tight so you don't breathe anything and don't burn on days when the airs not moving or is heavy, don't want it to settle in low areas. Been doing it around here since there's been used oil to burn, just think and use a little common sense.
Heavy metals and other assorted Toxins.
add another dripper with a copper line that has some length in the chamber and your combustion will be even hotter and way cleaner.
Would like to see how much oil is doing and average hourly consumption. Great video. Thank you
Nice...breath that shit in man...it's good for you.
I haven't seen a functional BBQ lighter for at least 15 yrs. *brand new they are junk. Thanks for the video.
What is your typical oil consumption rate?
Can you burn engine oil? I'm assuming that's what your talking about when you say waste oil. kitchen oil, moter oil whatever kind of oil right? Great idea I just always thought at least engine oil would be bad on the environment even if no smoke is coming out.
Coleman built these stoves for use with Diesel or home heating oil way back in the 70's  I have one they throw great and require no electrics at all. How the blower is set up would be nice though.
Cool idea. How long will a gallon of oil last? Is there different  burn times for different fuels... motor oil, diesel,  transmission fluid, etc...? What temps are you maintaining in your shop now?
Reminds me so much of my grandma and grandpa's gravity fed coal oil stove (heater), they had in their living room on their farm back in the 50's and 60's and later on.  (K1) old brown warm morning. I remember grandpa turning a little knob or something to let the coal oil flow, then he would light it. Back then there wasn't anything such as a "box fan", just the old metal blade fans that he set behind it.  It actually oscillated and I remember the cord was like a green cloth wrap on it. Then in the kitchen, they had a coal fired Warm Morning.
You forgot about the how badly old oil burns you'd have to clean that chimney about once a week!! And before you tell me I dont know what I'm talking about I've been using an oil burner in my shop for about 20 years!! We have to clean it at least 3 or 4 times a season because the oil hunks everything up!!
How about a naturally aspirated  oil burner
What if you drip like a liter of frying oils on your wood in your woodstove to give a little extra heat. would that work?
Does it smell ?
Nice setup. But the air pump might overheat.. not much air coming in, since it seem to be set in the enclosed box
We are produce waste oil burners. Please visit our web site. Ship worlwide. https://www.gorelki-na-otrabotke.com.ua/ Price: $430 (incl. shipping)
Hey those blowers from mattress, do they last long? I mean things that cheap usually wear out quick.
Nice set up you have there Larry The Cable Guy aka Kevin.
love it
How much oil a day do you burn?
It will use less oil for the same amount of heat if you add a WATER drip into it as well once it is fired-up to working temp. I read that in a survival book years ago where they used a sheet of corrugated iron and lit a small fire under where the oil & water drippers were to get it hot enough for the oil to ignite.
That noise would drive me mad, so I will stick to wood.
Cool, good vid
Could I use waste motor oil?
IT IS ANY PROBLEM IF I TRANSFORM MY INSIDE HOME  STOVE IN ONE OF THESE?
Great job love the idea I have only one question can you tell me more information on the air forced into the unit can you show that part thanks for sharing
This might be a stupid question, but does your stove have to have a glass door?
I wonder: ever thought of doing a „bird feeder“ oil feed that keeps a certain (low) level of oil in the bowl? That way you wouldn’t need to adjust the drip (which obviously can change with varying viscosity in different temperatures).
Thanks, Kevin!
Too much air will send all the heat up the chimney?
Insulate
where did you get the needle valve???
Looks efficient and burns clean. Would it still be possible to burn wood? If not, how could that be done? Having two diverse fuel sources is an advantage. Thank you.
This is freaking awesome!!
For comparison, similar output to a round kerosene heater or more?
my son won't let me say super dee duper either. awesome video thanks
HOW OFTEN DO YOU HAVE TO CLEAN THE CHIMENY IF YOU WERE TO BURN IT EVERY DAY
You can also use a cast iron skillet they will not melt down like steel does! This stove can hold a 12" it looks like.
One potential problem is that the plastic tube might melt. Better to use steel tubing going into the stove, as steel does not conduct heat like copper does. Stainless is a better insulator than regular steel.  Just have to keep in mind the thermal conductivity of various metals when building things.
buy an old diesel mercedes. they run awesome on used atf.
Very nice . I want to build one like yours. Very cool thanks for showing
Very nice clean emitting oil burner like the idea, now looking for a stove
What happens if the flame goes out? Do you end up with 5 gallons of oil on the floor?
Uh.... insulate the shop, maybe ? Lol, good job !!
Nice! But wood stove will still keep you warm when you dont have any hydro to power your blower!
Doesn't the blower over heat?
How long does that bucket last? How many quarts per hour?
How does fumes not come out though the existing draft in the stove ? Did you seal them off?
Nice Kev nice, just need one of our electronic waste oil controllers and no more worries should that flame ever go out. Drip fed waste oil heating.com
How bad does it smell outside? I want to put one in my shop but I don't want to piss off my neighbors
Easy excellent idea Kevin thank you. Can you tell me how much oil you use perhaps per hour or period of time? Thanks again.
thanks for shareing
I'm planning on doing this same thing to my wood burner, just wondering about how much is the oil consumption of this setup. Thanks for video
Might want to add a carbon monoxide detector.
does it smell like oil in your shop? i'm thinking of doing this in my cottage but don't want the smell of oil overwhelming us.  great video !!!!
Noisy. I have plenty of oil. Not bad.
Great vid. Thanks brother
Kevin,I'm getting ready to use your idea on a pellet stove. What are your thoughts about using a 4 inch pipe that came with the stove or adapting that to 6 or 8 inch pipe and then running out of the wall of my shop?
Set a car brake rotor on top of the bowl it helps build heat and vaporize the oil you can see my burner if you search barrel stove oil burner conversion
I DEFINITLY AGREE WITH A WAIST OIL STOVE! I TO WISH I COULD HEAT USING OUR USED OIL. I DONT HAVE A GARAGE, JUST A CONCRETE PAD WHERE A GARAGE ONCE SAT. BUT, AS SOON AS I BUILD A GARAGE, I WILL NEED A WAIST OIL HEATER!!! THO, FOR THE TIMES WHEN I RUN OUT OF OIL, I WOULD WANT A PROPANE HEATER. THE LAST OWNERS OF THIS PROPERTY PUT IN A SEPTIC SYSTEM & BUILT A DECK OVER SEPTIC & IT BLOCKS PART OF THE GARAGE & DRIVEWAY! I NEED TO DIG OUT THE HILL BEHIND THE PAD & PUT IN A RETAINING WALL & EXPAND THE FOOTPRINT OF ANY GARAGE TO ACCOMIDATE HOPEFULLY A 2CAR+ROOM FOR WORKBENCH & TOOLS + STORAGE! MONEY IS ALLWAYS A ISSUE & WITH BOTH OF OUR CARS HAVING HIGH MILEAGE, SOME HEAT WOULD BE NICE! IM LAYING OUTSIDE ROLLING IN NEW MAIN & ROD BEARINGS ON MY FORD CURRENTLY! RAN N2 A SNAG ON MY THRUST BEARING & ROLLING OUT THE OLD ONE???? MUCH LESS ROLLING IN THE NEW ONE???  I LIKE YOUR LITTLE SHOP! BETTER THEN MY CONCRETE PAD!!!!!!
Thanks for the video . Great job !
Why don't you go to Lows and buy a bag of small rocks and put a few in that pot then pour a little kerosene or charcoal lighter fluid in it and light that?
Enjoyed your videos. Everything still working the same after a couple years or so? Any updates or improvements?
Unfortunately I don't have a old wood stove kicking around.  I do want to weld one up with my powertig welder. Your video gave me some ideas on how I should design it. Thank you.
muy bien esta buena la idea se puede mejorar
I have a question- when you are going over the basics of the stove about 4;20 or so you see the waste oil drip pipe which I think is 1/2 black or galvanized but it looks like there is another tube there as well maybe an 1/8th or 1/4- I am summarizing that this may be an air pipe is this correct- if so how do you do a transference- I mean there is a T on back of stove with high heat rubber hose running to pump but how is it stepped down?? or am I totally seeing an illusion? I was also wondering how the oil would not go down into the air pump hose when it appears as the air hose comes into the T and the T is pointing straight down- wouldn't that cause the oil to run mostly into the air pump hose? Not trying to ask to hard of questions but trying to alleviate any problems I may come across when building
Great idea. Question? How long do you get out of 5 gal's.
superb...would u b able to send plans to wendeda@juno.com?
Kevin, I got mine going, but seem to have a little trouble getting it roaring like yours seems to. I used an old pellet stove as my unit, and used all the blower motors inside of it. An exhaust blower, combustion blower, and the blower to blow the heat into my shop. I will keep tinkering with it to see if I can get a better roaring flame like yours.  Thanks for all the tips.
Clear out the stack does not mean clean out the stack other than not seeing the heavy unburned particulates . you still are producing a lot of hydrocarbons , especially with a oil based fuel, if you hook up a snooper at the top of the stack readings would be right off the scale ( solution ) you add a flue catalytic  converter ( they are different than a car cat ) . when temp reaches about 600 deg you redirect flow to cat it ignites and burns off the hydrocarbons ( up to 2000 deg) just like a car. Granted you have the cost of the cat but then again your fuel source is cheap, I did that with mine . you also have benefit of extra residual heat from cat for shop heat. just a small step to clean up the unseen and good for everybody.
Really good job, simple and effective
good job  thanks for the tips
Nice !  How much oil does it use?  Can you use brand new oil?   Synthetic?   Only the best, right?  Maybe throw in some ethanol.    and some black powder to start it with.   lol  But don;'t use ammonium nitrate.   That's just askin for trouble.
...much of the heat from a stove gets emitted by the stove pipe, go with single wall until you hit the ceiling...
Oh! And hopefully make easier fire-up.
Gonna build one for the workshop.  Wood stoves are already set up for flame.  I'm going to use a cast iron pot and some bbq lava rock in the bowl.  Try to induce swirl.
does that smell bad, i like that it doesnt smoke but certain smells give me headaches
Could you please tell what make/model the wood stove is? I really like it.... Thank you
What is the shelf life for use vegetable oil when using to fuel a boiler?
What do you have your blower connected to?
Awesome. going to make one now👍
going to build one of these for my shop this winter I live in the oil fields of Texas so we have tons of waste oil everywhere
very enjoyable <<  makes my mind think  incorporate my rocket and thermal siphon and 3 projects come together    hot soaks in my future    thanks
That blower fan needs to higher than the top of the burner and blowing the heat back down.  Warm/hot air rises !.   Theres  nothing only cold air down at that level.
Excellent!  I love how simple it is to make & control!  Thanks for sharing!
wow ok. Much more durable than I would have expected!  Firewood is plentiful here in the northeast but I will be moving out to Castle Valley Utah in the future where wood is a little more scares .  I could see heating my cabin for virtually free now. Thanks Kevin!
You were right! more air cleaned up the stove and pipe so much I can almost have dinner inside it! (producing over 900 degrees with same amount of oil too)   I tried a mattress blower like you have but was hesitant due to noise, but mainly the fact that its not intended for hours and hours of use.....What has been the life span on your blower?
wow
3 part vid uploaded.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIEqn4aWaTc
ok. this weekend I will. thx
thanks for the design. helped give me a warm place to work this winter! cheers!
either atf or waste oil or a blend of the two. my feed makes a 90 degree and goes into bowl. extends to about 1/2" from bottom of bowl.
my chimney just basically goes out shop wall. I installed draft inducer because of that. my damper on stove wide is open. I will try to find something to pump more air and see what happens. stove runs about 650 degrees and stack about 150-200. maybe that's too cold???
I copied your design pretty close.  Great Burn and heat. Almost no smoke from chimney.  My problem is soot buildup in chimney.  After 20 gallons of oil I have to clean pipe because it becomes so restricted. Have you had this issue?  I am using only 4" double wall
Is that equivalent to a monitor heater?   The simplicity is awesome.
Does the air just have to go into the fire chamber or does it need to shot right into the bowl on to the fire or just circulate around the chamber,and have you ever had an issue on a cold day after start up with the oil getting warm and running to fast on you and getting to high in the bowl and coming out the hole and into the bottom of the stove? Great video tho Thanks.
nice and simple , most of these questions could be answered by paying attention to your commentary . super dee duper simple ! it also appears it could go to wood easily
Pretty bad ass!  I think  I found my heater for my sauna  and hot tub
On a slow steady drip, how long will it take to burn that whole 5 gal bucket empty of Tanny oil..??? Where you have that Tee for your fan air with that Tee facing down does it fill up with oil..??? After it gets warmed up will it run without the fan on..??? Have you tried to put a variable light dimmer switch on the fan AC supply line to vary the fan speed.???  (slow, med, high, etc.)
Really nice thanks for posting
did you clean the pipes yet?   would chimney fires be an issue if the pipes were cleaned yearly ?
i was wondering about the cost of constantly running that electric fan to keep the flame hot.
Thanks, Kevin,  I got it now.... your a good instructor, and thanks for your time and sharing........   T H A N K S    :-))
Where does the AIR come in from?  Is it plumbed into the 1" pipe, which has the copper tubing in?  THANKS in advance
You are funny :)….great presentation Kevin.  Thanks.   I'm guessing you don't have building code inspectors in Utah. ..LOL.   Or maybe the inspector is a friend of yours.  I have visions of fear when I think about trying to install something like that in my garage here in Portland Maine.    But thanks Kevin. You are clever with the rig and the video was funny too.  :)
could a person put the air and oil in, coming into the side of the exhaust pipe and come down to the bowl instead of the back of the stove ???
very nice job brother thank you for such an awesome video
great video... im in massachusetts and planning on building one but all the videos i see are way over built... this is simple and works just what i need...
Hi Kevin do you think you can line it with stainless steel tubing to heat water?
Kevin, this is an awesome, simple, and effective design. One improvement I might suggest is, similar to a rocket stove mass heater, you should include some sort of thermal mass (such as cob) either around the stove or around the exhaust prior to it leading vertically upwards out of the wall. This will act like a battery and will transfer more net heat to the room, even after the furnace is shut off.
Hi Kevin well done your fire is one of the simplest conversions I've seen so far. Nice clear instructions. well done
how long will 5 gallons of oil burn Thank You
thanks
How did you plumb the air in?  Does the air come in the same tube that the oil drip is in?  That's the only thing not clear.  Great video!  Thanks for sharing
great vid thankyou
Do you have trouble with coking and other residue?
Looks great !! Would be nice to have a better look at how you routed the blower tube out of the back of the compartment it's in. Or a description. Thanks for posting this build.
nice and simple whats the flow rate to cfm and can that blower run 24/7
Great stove just what i like.. simple and just works great..thanks..
