"You're not gonna beat me!" 😅
brother, you were using acrosscut saw to cut along the grain. Get a ripsaw and make it easier
Where can I buy a saw like that?
For something like the cuts you made in this video, would you prefer you use a temagari or anahiki saw?
Why not try to find a large ripsaw, or refile the teeth of a crosscut saw (much more common) to make a ripsaw.  It would work much faster.
Great job!  Looking forward to the next handsaw board video!
Lumper from tree log to your prproject is fun
I will do this to a 20"+ log of I get 100 likes
I recently cleaned and sharpened a 2-man saw (about 40”) and have used it a few times to crosscut some storm felled tree logs. I was going to build a small bandsaw mill but then remembered that I have an even bigger 2-man ripsaw, so I guess I’ll be giving this a go on my pile of oak, beech, ash, and birch.
It does not say this was a rip saw but it probably was. Was it sharp to start with ?  There is a best angle to cut with a rip saw .At the end the angle was too flat . Keep a steep angle.  If you face across the log and use both arms there is no body twisting . The log was in a low position. Work out a better height to be ideal for the two arm method without stooping down. The bad news is you have to repeat the video to get all that right. Good effort though .
Commitment bro
Glad that I’m not they only crazy person trying to do exactly this. Ripping the log with 42” cross cut saw :-)   Though, your log is really huge
Now make the log about 18" dia white oak and do it a bunch of times. ;) My 42" crosscut is a working tool ;)
great
You’re my hero dude
IMHO sawing technique not too goog. Too snatchy.
Love your t-shirt :)
เลื่อยเก่งมาก
Split that log with wedges or splitting axes first, then saw if needed.
Get a professional to swage your rakers. That cut should not have taken three minutes.
the teeth are not good for lumber.
Cut it in 3 days, 30 min a day instead of going to gym
gotta love the music lol
Got tired just watching you
Well done! In about ten years if you keep at it you'll have your crosscut saw ripping boards faster than it bucks them. Seriously, study Paul Sellers videos and others. I'm still learning too and I've tried a lot of things that haven't worked out well. Any old standard hand saw will be a better choice, but a well tuned rip saw will be fun and more productive.
what was the tool you used to make the surface flat called?
I have two of them and if you use them as you do a handsaw they work pretty well. The set and the sharpness of the teeth are the key to fast cutting.
Totally worth watching for the expression on your face at 2:02. I hate to admit it, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to start saving (begging?) for equipment.
if want keep do with hand saw it little log. i like idea glue to big stump. then take saw cut north south. Leave last 2-4 inches alone. then turn on side fi base to heavey cut off like would log free 3 -4 bords. that good small project cut boards and boxes. not figured out what do long bordes yet give try. give another UTub vedio
👌👈ING A , and l mean it in a good way.  l did that once and almost passed out.
Have a look at some of my vids for making lumber out of those logs.
The music's perfect.  I don't know what opera, musical, whatever it's meant to accompany but I picture a bunch of idiots doing something terribly inefficiently and bumping into each other.  I'm sure you chose it to highlight your feelings of ineptitude.
Wood, i do this again :) AhHaaa
Haha "not gonna beat me..."
The main problem is with the saw itself.... that saw is filed for crosscutting, not ripping.  But even if the saw was filed rip, it would still be very slow.  Actually, I've never seen a saw of that style filed for ripping.
beautiful!
Freeze the video at the :57 second mark. Look to the right of the small log supporting the log being cut. There's a face on the side of the log being cut, it looks like Donald Trump. Seriously weird, I'm watching this video as I'm watching the election returns and there's Donald Trumps face on the side of the guys log. Does anyone else see it? The bark line is even right at his crazy hairline. Someone else tell me they can see this... am I crazy? Freaky!
Wait wait wait. You're ripping and cross cutting with the same saw? ... Cross cut teeth will cut but it'll take you forever. As you found out.
ship builders used to dig a trench, and have a two handed saw, one guy in the pit, and one guy on top, thats how they used to saw beams for the ship.
it's a great workout man  xd
Advice, stand the log up leaning high up and go top to bottom its alot easier.
I am very curious to know how sharp your saw was. I am restoring a similar Disston saw, and if this is what I can expect from a very sharp saw, I'll not bother sharpening it for more than cosmetic reasons. I know that sharpening those big crosscut saws is an art and a science. Even seasoned woodworkers and woodsmen, who sharpen every other tool they own, will not attempt to sharpen these saws. (Most of what I know about them I learned from Wranglerstar.) So, if you would, please let me know how sharp your saw was so I can know what to expect.
Can you imagine how fit the old lumberjacks used to be before the chainsaw came along in the 50s . You could save a fortune on gym fees though by doing it this way .
I would suggest searching Ebay for a large rip saw, at least 4-5 TPI, it would go much faster than a crosscut. Failing that make a frame saw about 4 feet long. Also, not sure how behaved that wood is but splitting may be easier than sawing.
do it freehand with the chainsaw
you my friend need a chainsaw.  Good job though... hard work pays off.   Matthias wandel built and bandsaw and then built a frame for it to mount to and then built this whole crazy gear thingy on the frame so he could use it as a bandsaw saw mill.
BOM TRABALHO
This is no longer Advantures in DIY.  More like Lumber Sexual workout video.
You're going all Dave Canterbury on us, with a little Wranglerstar thrown in !  Love it.  Are you in AZ?  Cheers! --Chris.
You crazy! I like my Panther mill. Get something of decent quality 60cc or more if you can
I was waiting for the thunder and lightening when the storm was coming in.
Granberg Alaska saw mill. Cheap and easy, and come in a couple of lengths.
Were you ripping a log with a crosscut saw?  wow, I won't even rip a board with a crosscut saw.
Mad props for busting a move with that saw.
Hand saw? More like hand sore. Am I right, guys...guys :(
Just rip it open with your bare hands lol. Nice job, Chris. Yeah, we're saving for a bandsaw mill instead of a chainsaw one.
Nice Saw demo... Keeps you in good shape... ARE YOU NUTS!  LOL!  That is way to much work for me... I am impressed!  Hats off to you...!    100 points to the man card for sure!
i give u props for finishing the 1st one ..lol hey,, u shld ask chop with chris if theres an easier way.. and  i think that saw is awsome bro.
That is insane brother! My fat @^$ would have been dead on the ground long before I was done.
Just tell her it's a new way of working out AND being productive at the same time.
Great video, good workout ;). My dad and I sawed down a tree in our garden with a saw like that but for two people! We had to saw the 10m long tree in logs of 1m long and chop of all the branches. A chainsaw is a whole lot easier:)
hey its a free gym ;)
