Too much icing....not enough bowl.......
Also I want to ask if Crisco it’s have to be cold or room temperature?
Hello. I want to try it, but I was wondering is in it a bit crunchy taste because of the sugar or it’s stays completely smooth?
For the past five years, no matter if I buy Domino powdered sugar, or a store brand, it makes my frosting taste like soap.  I looked online, and so many others have this issue.  Do you have a suggestion on a brand of powdered sugar that does not taste soapy?
Thank you for sharing your recipe  Question so then how much sugar total you put in?  Waiting for your reply
Do you have your own YouTube channel x
How can you turn this into chocolate
Can unsalted butter be used
Hello did you use high ratio shortening or vegetable shortening?
Hate the shorting they use that junk in the grocery store cakes!
Is like be to know if this can be piped and flooded to use on sugar cookies. I hate the taste of Royal Icing.
Well why do u add all that sugar at once for anyway 🙄
Recipe 3 1/2 C.Vegetable Shortening 2 Sticks Unsalted Butter  Using Stand Mixer 2Lb Powder confectioner Sugar 1/4TSP Salt Grinded Powder 1TBSP Extract Vanilla 3TBSP Whole Milk Using Stand Mixer Add Half of the Bag Powder Confectioner would make 1Lb mixing ,then she added 1/2+1/2=1 Cup Powder Confectioner then she added 1 1/2 Cup Powder Confectioner to get the right Consistency texture for cake sheets. Double recipe.i looked for the actual recipe it's different from this.
I love how calm and soft she speaks and acts. Takes the stress away from working about a new recipe
Id love to know if it stable enough to be hand painted on. Thank you!
The link it gives for Buttercream tips isn’t the same recipe she used. The measurements are off.
If you go with this recipe it will taste synthetic   you can taste the fat    your taste buds must be shot to hell    i followed this recipe and omg it was horrible!
By the way adding as much Crisco as she did will make your frosting have a grease taste please don't put that much ...I put how much I use under this comment and it's perfect tasting icing
Don't have to use that much powdered sugar or that much Crisco I make butter creme frosting all the time chocolate or vanilla. ..same items and amount. .3 cups powered sugar, 1/2 cup of butter, 1/2 cup Crisco, 3 tablespoons milk,( little  more if want thinner than thicker icing. .you can add tablespoon of vanilla but don't have to taste fine with without it ....easy to make. ..I always add a cup at a,time of the sugar as well blend good then add rest cup at time and repeat ...if you try my way .it's just as good and less time to make
So many critics.. yet she is on Craftsy teaching a class.  Go figure. I thought it was a great demo, with lots of tips and tricks. Thanks !
Good job!  Your buttercream would be perfect on cupcakes used in The Cupcake Rack!  I even posted your video on my website:  TheCupcakeRack.com
2 pounds or 4 pounds of sugar???
I add sugar little at a time,it's less messy.😉
Can I use this for a Rosette Cake or is it to stiff ?
Corrine ... how about you just didn't put all the powdered sugar into the mixing bowl at once. Like maybe one cup at a time would be a lot easier plus it would make your frosting tastes and its consistency much better.
NO WAY !! that"s too much sugar !!!!!!
The reason why we are fat!! Hahha too much sugar baby!
instead of making a mess and wasting sugar you should just add it little by little
How much butter and shortening have to put for2cups of choco cake. For frosting piping? Pls tell me. Shortening should be room temp or in fridge cool?
looks good!
No way !! Is a loooooot of sugar !!
Just got done following the video. The icing is not creamy smooth like on the video. How do I get it smooth??
Can't find the class on Crafsty
Yes I wanted crusting icing this won't don't  for some reason
Or you can cut a hole in a paper plate put it above beater  Make your own DIY shield for this and many other recipes that tends tofly out of the bowl Or spend ridiculous amoung of money on shield that goes with KitchenAid standmixer
can you use a flavored emulsion instead of vanilla extract? also how does food coloring effect the icing?
Can i use this underneath fondant?
holy molly! that's a lot of shortening! no offense but… ew…
I don't get why when I come my Crisco and butter it curdles and separate.  what is the secret?
this is to much sugar on it omg can't eat that
Yuck...shortening! You mean fat, gross!!
Swiss meringue buttercream is only 5 ingredients and can be made in the same amount of time this took... not nearly as sweet and it freezes and refrigerates like a dream. It TASTES AMAZING
Brilliant!!  Thank you!
I'm going to try it,  btw: you look like snow white from one upon a time 😊
why not add 10x a cup at a time?  You still have 10x all over the bowl's edge and all over the beater head.
Love it! Thanks!
can you tell me the taste ...is it just as good as the basic Italian buttercream frosting ...
She never added the butter that sat off the side the entire video.  Huh?
can u use all shortening and add a butter extract to get a pure white buttercream?
smaller recipe ?
Hello, how long can you keep it in the freezer? I seem to make a lot and don't want waste it.
This was my favorite craftsy class I purchased
Wouldn't it be better to split the powered sugar into two or three lots so you don't have a powdered sugar overload?
Qué seriedad y poca chispa, que sonría
