I love this. I used this on my dark brown aluminum siding which is on part of the front of the house. Did everything per your instruction. Scrubbed with vinegar, water and some dish soap. Then applied the Rejuvenate. It looks better than it did 20 years ago when I bought the house.
I tried 16 oz. Outdoor Color Restorer, it didnt work.
How long has it lasted?
Thanks for sharing. Elbow grease is always king
What about just clean and just simply paint so they don’t oxidize in the future? Would love to get your feedback on that.
Imagine doing this on a house with 18 shutters. I'll be working on my sister shutters later today.. they're really faded I'm going to clean them a bit and then  paint...
Thanks I just put rejuvenate on my shutters, and wasn't impressed, I will try the Armour All to see if it will work, I have a lot of shutters to do.
Thank you. Very helpful. I appreciate how patient you are to take your time so you can share learnings.
Great instructive video. How have the application(s)  held up?
As noted, most of these plastic wipes are temporary dress up.  I found the easiest was to do that was to use spray on tire shine...which avoids having the rub it into the crevices.  Cheapest is Turtle Wax which is spray and walk away no rub.  I did it right after the spring siding wash...and again 3 months later, then again.  Eventually you may as well just remove and paint them as dark color plastic dyes will always fade to a powder color.
I was wondering, did the color fade pretty fast since you have done this?
Thank you so much!! You saved me time and money! People like you are true hero’s.
I watched your video and tried the tire foam shine on our old grey shutters yesterday. The results were AMAZING!!  The old grey shutters on our newly purchased farmhouse were really JET BLACK!!!  Wow my house looks great now! And I spent only $6.50 for the spray shine. Thank you for the video.
Can't see the oxidation.
Yes, thankyou very much Bud for all your efforts.  This was very helpful for me
Your shutters look great before you started. I have the same burgundy shutters, they've turn white from bleaching from the sun! How would you rejuvenate something like mine?
This doesn’t last it was washed off by the rain so I don’t think tire shine doesn’t really work maybe a ceramic coat
Nice proven methods, appreciate your efforts.
Great video - I plan to use the rejuvenate but can you tell me which side of the scotch brite you scrubbed with? Yellow or green? Also when you scrubbed did you use soap and water or was it a dry scrub? Thanks.
Thanks for putting this together for the rest of us… thorough & informative!
Hi, Any update on how long it lasted?  Thank you
Thank you so much for comparing the two. It was very helpful.
I love your scientific approach.  Well done! 👍
Well mine our white and to those that pressure wash watch out you can make indentions on the shutters by accident. What I’m going to do is take my shutters down since I’ve got a two story house. Going to clean try to fill in my imperfections and paint them.
I used wd-40 on mine and removed the chalky oxidation, made them look new again
Well made video!  You put a lot of effort into this presentation. It answered the questions I wanted to know.  Thanks!
I hate the subtitles!
Wow! Thanks for taking the time to make this video. It’s very helpful. One of the many spring chores I’m working on!
Would you recommend using a satin or semi-gloss clear coat after cleaning to last longer? Just curious...
Its best just to remove & replace it with new one. Because doing this it like waxing your car. It won't last. And you got to do it again each year. And for me climbing up to third floors are too much work. Most videos owners have one level homes.
Thanks for the thorough experiment! I was out pressure-washing my house this afternoon and frustrated that my shutters looked chalky even after blasting them at point-blank range. I'll give these wipes a try.
how long do they last before they look faded again?
Tried the ArmorAll wipes with no change what so ever.  Also tried Rust-Oleum ReColor pads with the same result, no change.  Next ?
Awesome video.  So now the problem becomes, what can be used to circumvent the scrubbing in preparation for the Rejuvenate.  I'm being told to wipe down with Oxi-clean which basically melts off the oxidation without much scrubbing if any. Then after you rinse, it will be ready for the rejuvenate without having to have used much elbow grease.
I'm looking to do some work on the shutters installed on the 2nd level, and some of them are in places I can't get to by ladder. Your shutters had slats, but ours are solid raised panels. My question would be, how do the two treated panels look after all this time since you treated them? If I do this job at my condo complex, I'd like to not have to do it again anytime soon. Instead of the wipes, I have several 16 oz bottles of the Rejuvenate product. One I bought at regular retail price on Amazon, and the other two I picked up at Home Depot on clearance. How many shutters could you do with the 5 wipe Rejuvenate?
L.A. awesome.
Way way way way better ways of doing this.
LA's Totally Awesome $1 a bottle at dollar store no elbow grease just a brush
Paint.
omg talk faster. This video was way too long.
Nice video, but there is a better way to clean oxidation from your gutters, but you would know this information, if you actually paid for training. I will subscribe, because I enjoyed watching your video. Thanks for making it.
Thanks much, nicely-made video-just wish I had a longer attention span :(  You may have covered this but in many other vinyl-shutter color "restore" blogs & vids there are comments that all say the renew liquids, like Rejuvenate, Tire Foam, and Armor All basically all work great but do not last, in some cases, more than a few days.  I am by nature a die-hard fan of Armor All (cars, bikes, boat, furniture, dog,...) so would tend to go that route.  In your opinion, if I do the Armour All app to my 20 year-old, semi-to-somewhat faded brown vinyl shutters, will I be hauling out the ladder and rags to do the job over again within say, six months?
Great video an very informative. Glad I watched the entire video and realized I need to really scrub the shutters instead of power washing them and I’m definitely thinking revitalize is the way to go.
