Do honey Roasted pecans work too? Instead of raw ones...
Has anyone tried to make this as a single cake rather than individual tartlets? I am wondering how it would turn out. I mean it would likely change the thaw times, but would it flop when it is thawed enough to slice?
this is NOT cheese cake. u can't call something something it's not when the main ingredient is IN the name!
It looks delicious!! Need to try!
can I add some biscuit with the date ?
why don't u write the ingredients under the video
why don't u write the ingredients under the video
BTW just want to share something thats great. I use a lot of pumpkin and I mean all year round so i figured that BPA in cans might be dangerous so now I am buying my pumpkin and boil them myself and the colour is so rich and colourful. I buy the pumpkin in the West Indian store
this looks incredibly amazing
It looks so good I'm drooling 😆
Looks amazing :)
YUM! These look fantastic!
Yum!  I must make this!
i tried a similar recipe and i must say, I'm in love in healthy baking :)
This is no bake cake, but not raw because you are using puree.
Almost hard to watch your channel… lol. So beyond delicious!!!
Pink Himalayan salt is not "sea salt" per se. It's mined from the ground in the mountains of Pakistan. It was once a sea bed, as most all salt that's mined today. Sea salt is specifically from the current ocean, and dehydrated to obtain the salt crystals. There are salt beds off coastlines for this purpose.
Where did you buy the lemon squeezer?! I can't see the link in the description :( Thanks :)
This isn't raw.. The pumpkin purée.
& this is why I love your channel,  looks amazing!
omg finally! I have been waiting for this!! can't wait to try it out, looks amazing
Looks super delicious :D and so easy :)
i hate shredded coconut is there a substitute. i really want to try this
I recently went vegan and these recipes that you've been doing have been helping me out a lot!
Looks very interesting, gonna put this on my "Recipes to Try" playlist. Thank you for sharing. Always enjoy your production and editing skills. Big thumbs up on this video and sharing on twitter, google, fb pinterest and tumblr.  Hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Looks SO incredibly good!! Going to make it some this weekend! Where do you find the mini pie plate holder thingys? (I'm Canadian too). What a great Fall recipe! Thanks!
Sooo gorgeous! Can't wait to try this for thanksgiving 😋
Yum these look delicious!!
Looks delicious, what did you put on top? Coconut whipped cream?
