We don’t add extra sugar, just lots of fruits and vegetables, and it’s delicious and super healthy !
How to use the liquid
why u seal the bottle with paper ,  wont get worms , after 7 days
a lot of banana flower use😮,  now we know , why banana got no fruit    ?
FPJ   fermented plant juice😮  .
Your free guide link doesn't work. I definitely don't have banana flowers here where I live...
what is the dilution for the finished product to apply to your plants?
Hello , I have made fpj from plants without Suger  by press in container but it's smell bad because I lift it about 3 weeks  what can I do for that , can I add sugar to the juice to ferment
Is mute all of a sudden 😮
Hi Sir, I really like your content and i was wondering if you have maybe book recomendations for KNF ! Thank you in advance :)
Can I use vegetable scraps and fruit scraps like this
Would you just spray the fpj if your Korean natural farming floor got wet? I use this initially to set up my Korean natural farming for my chicken coop but recently got wet and wondering what to do
Can u add bokashi
Whats the difference between FPJ and garbage enzyme?
And what do you do with that ?
I am confused some people say for FPJ used "half the amount" of sugar especially when using garden weeds like comfrey, nettles, dandelion ect... and even less when using fruit because fruit peels are full of sugar. This is banana flower so its somewhere between a plant and a fruit?
Cane I use overripe watermelon or watermelon rind
Amanda Burgs
Young Angela Thomas Kevin Thompson Donald
🌬️🙏🌍
Anderson Angela Perez Angela Thompson Jessica
Hnmm😢😢 this is not all right sadly when you only use suger to do this it just comes like a dirty wine you feeding plants ....no to little microbs ad very little to no npk ....why
Lopez Sarah Brown Charles Gonzalez Charles
Are then any plants that are NOT suitable for FPJ? Like If I have left over Onions, Lime peels, lemon peels, etc are they ok to use? I have been trying to find a list of plants NOT safe for FPJ and I am having no luck finding any information.
Can you use honey instead of brown sugar? Or like 50/50 honey and sugar?
Can you use white sugar?
Is it safe to use molasses grass?
how do you apply to plants 🌱?
I just made my first batch...
Hi do u store it in fridge ? Or just cool dark place?
What can i used in north America? (I live in a small city) southern Ontario Canada
I cant seem to find your all about FPJ video
Bro in place of brown sugar shall I use jaggery..
Great video... thank you.
IS THIS PURE POTASSIUM STRAIGHT FOR THE SOIL? CAN I APPLY IT FOLIAR?
I left an fpj jar alone for about 3weeks before separating the plant material. It has a slight vinegar smell is it okay to use in my plants or should I trash it ?
What is the foliar spray ratio of fpj and when to apply?
Can this be used throughout the entire life cycle? Or is better to use during flowering or fruiting?
Good suggestion .  Any expery days for it  and how much water to add to spray to plants or around the root of the plant
My dear sir, this is amazing. I just listened to a podcast where you described KNF and your channel, and I'm hyped to try this soon. Thanks for sharing your knowledge and greetings from the far away lands of unknown.   And as was said in the podcast with monkey, I'll "follow the f*cking instructions"
Does this same process apply to Limes in an ffj? Does the anti microbial nature of limes make this possible or useful ?
Can we use molasses in place of brown sugar?
How long can I keep this?
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾sir pls give me contact No
I live in the land of fire ants.  Has anyone had experience with spraying this on plants and not being overrun by the fire ants?
Banana Flower FPJ worked great and I did the Vinegar afterwards. I harvested some Aji Melocoton Peppers and will see how they work next.
Can I use white sugar in place of brown sugar?
Really a great video. Very informative. Liked it. Go ahead. …Pathan Sir (India)
Where do you purchase those large glass jars?
Doubt this does anything
Could you blend your plant material up for even more surface area or would that be going too far?
So does this need to be stored in the fridge then and if you want it to be shelf stable you need to super saturate it?
What is the us of this liquid ? ,Is there anyway to replace brown sugar , because rhe brwon sugar will be a little expensive
Can this be given thru drip? Is it 1:1000 ratio? I have 5 acres land and lots of fruit plants and will be difficult to spray How frequently i can give this? What is shelf life of FPJ?
Instead of mixing the plants with sugar, can I instead grind the plants, or use a juicer machine and extract all the nutrients, and then mix it with sugar on a 1:1 ratio? Thanks!
I am an agronomic soil scientist. A word of caution about aqueous vegetative extracts "compost tea". First: the finish extract contains very little, if any, nutrient value in lab analysis. When compared to groups receiving an equal amount of water on the same schedule the two groups are indistinguishable. Secondly: these malto-lactic fermented solutions can be dangerous. E. coli, salmonella and even cholera have been incubated this way with deadly consequences in Korea and Taiwan.
So cute
how to use?
Thank u ❤️🙏
Is there a second ferment or extraction of the leftover beet&sugar mash? Or does it get composted? I'm soaking the strained mash in  brewed compost tea for a few hours then I'm going to feed plants with the infused tea and then compost the remaining mash.
"All About FPJ" is no longer available on your channel. Very sad.
I live in Illinois how can I get banana Flowers. Or is their an alternative I can use?
Drake is awesome, don't get me wrong, BUT I get it better the way  Chris teaches. Thanks bro
Where can I find the "all about fpj video"?
Could I use bamboo in a fpj?
I love this channel . I'm really getting into this , it's very exciting .
Hi, I prepared the FPJ but it got worms ! should I use it ??
I’ve never even seen a Banana flower and I’m almost 50 🤣🤣🤣
I live in Texas can we use cactus?
This link isnt working...Download my FREE FPJ Supply & Resource guide with all the ingredients, ratios, and the exact tools
Hey Chris after I make my fpj strain out the soilds how do u store the fpj ??
I cant find your « all about fpj video », did you delet it ?
Getting started on my season of fermentation. Many thanks for everything you do. Stay awesome
AT 10:27 in the left corner of the video, there is a lizard climbing up the wall.
Great video!  If I make multiple kinds of FPJ, can you water/fertilize with several ones at once or should you wait a day or 2?
I made this 13 days ago....weighed everything.  It is not breaking down into liquid like yours did.   There is a bit of liquid...but majority still green weeds.  In a 73 F  temperature.
Finish product  FPJ   1. how or what ratio to water 2.  Can I use  weed grass to made FPJ  3.
Can I use white sugar? It's about 1/4 of the price, where I live.
I can't get organic brown sugar here. Would organic rapadura sugar work for making FPJ? Or raw sugar with some added molasses?
Do you realize that non organic alcohol often contains glyphosate?  Even a little is too much so how about advising people to go with organic alcohols?  They are available today.
I use regular mason jars and for a lid I take my paper and I screw it on with the metal part of the lid 😉
In fish waste,  fish oil also remain, is fish oil damage plant soil,  answer kindly
Can I grind the plant using blender?
What is the video that you say you talk all about the FPJ? Someone have the link? I can not find it!
Chris, the humbleness and thoughtfulness of your videos are not lost on us. Your generousity of time and talent to put into American laymens terms a translation of Korean Natural Farming is a great gift you are giving us, and in turn, mother nature. It's a huge burden to carry the weight of change. After all, this is the biggest bolder to push up the hill of modern CONAGRA. I appauled you and Thank you for your efforts.  Your How to videos 3 - 4 yrs ago, brilliantly done, have captured the hearts and minds of farmers/ gardeners everywhere.  I know a lot of work still needs to be done so farmers/gardeners can apply to their specific needs, i.e., vegitation available per their location and apply to KNF processes. We are actually writing a whole new way of life. A step-by-step KNF Almanac needs to be created. We are learning to talk and think KNF translated to every language in order to save our planet. That's how serious this is. Please bare with us as we bombard you with questions. Please direct us on how we can learn more. Are there certification classes we can take. I'm in the midwest   Chicago IL. I'd welcome the opportunity to become an instructor.
What's with all the abbreviations in comments below..
Dilution rates? Differ from plant to plant?
Hello from Greece. I’d like to ask you if the fpj is possible to attract bad insects to my olive trees? I know that molasses attracts a specific insect that is harmful to olive fruit
Hi How I would apply FPJ to my orchids? I mean how much of FPJ should I put in a 16 liters of water? Thank you.
Can you post link of your vid. In making vinegar.. using that by product..
Video. presentation and ambiance is awesome. Thank you Chris!
Could I use coconut palm sugar Instead of brown sugar
That silent oops though.... 😂😂
Great information, thank you. Could beet sugar be used instead of cane sugar in the fermentation? Brown cane sugar is quite expensive here in the Northen Europe but we have local sugar, so I was wondering if there is a way to use that?
When you add alcohol you seal up the jar right?
Could you use landscape cloth for lids and where did you purchase the 3 gallon jars
Why does it need oxygen/air exchange? I thought it was an anaerobic process..
Namaste, what is the preferred application rate?
Hey! I'm just curious if can I make fpj out of edible mushrooms?
Would this not have alcohol in it?
I’m convinced that the “all about fpj” video doesn’t exist
Great to the point video. Love it.
Can we use mooringa leaves for fpj? What is the best source to make all purpose FPJ? Banana flower vs mooringa leaves which is better?
Did anyone find the "All about FPJ" video? what Chris is taking about.
If you don't just have a fruit farm available and your using banana peels I recommend adding yeast because they're most likely won't be any wild yeast on it
Play at 2x dude talks slow
Mate what did you do to the audio i have my head phones on and the sound is only coming through one side, my heart skipped a beat i thought i broke them
hello,gd day,jyst what im lookibg for to boost the gealth of my rabbits...what is the ratio of using it in drinkers..thank you...for your help...
Very clear explanation.Great 👍♥️
Hi Chris!  i want to make FPJ at home, can i use or mix different plants to make fpj? (i have a kind of weeds on my yard) it's possible to mix all plants togheter ? or FPJ are made only with one herb at the time?  Thanks !
thank you and i wish you all the best.....👍💯👏👏👏👍
Lizard @ 10:15   Also, great video!
How to use fpj?
12:22 boss
I appreciate your speeding up the video at appropriate points.
Unsulphured molasses, unrefined sugar, brown sugar. What works best? I've heard different ones being recommended depending on who you ask.
Se guarda en el refrigerador? O temperatura ambiente?
Can you do one for an ffj plea plea
Can you do one for an ffj plea plea
hithere, i cant find the mentioned "all about FPJ" video. can anyone help please? :)
Liked yur video a lot. Will be Beneficial for my gardening
KNF seems to use a lot of brown sugar. I can't get it in bulk where I am, but I can get beet sugar in bulk, can I use beet sugar instead? It's still fructose and glucose like cane sugar, but it's not brown.
Dear Chris, thank you very much for the instructions. I got one little question. Yesterday before sunrise I got out and collected various plants, that grow in our near me and started an FPJ. There where also a couple elderberry leaves in my collection, which are toxic (I think sth in it forms cyanide with water) before heating. Do you think I should through that project out and start again without elderberry leaves? I’m a little uncertain, because comfrey, which seems to be recommended often also is slightly toxic.  All the best :)
Hi, I sprayed it on my curry plant and other plant and the leaves turned white by evening. What am I doing wrong?
...take xtra  large knife, cut 5 banana flowers and 1 fingertip, throw into jar, add sugar . Magic. Thanks for the video! Love it.
What is the shelf life on fpj? Can you put it in a closed jar?
Can you just run your plant matter through a blender, and then mix by weight?
Can I use coconut sugar to make this?
Wich country invented in method did you know
Great video, thanks! After visiting your website I know that I NEED to watch ALL your videos. I love what you guys are doing, keep it up!
Hai sir I am from India JMS  JHS  FFJ FAA IMO4  IMO2  IMO3 CWATER         JWA  JS   What is the  mixing racio on spring and drip erigation .(ex÷1:500.   ,1:300. ) and what is the gelon meens (one gelon water=how many liters of water) pleas give me reply sir    thank you very much sir.👍👍👍👍👍👍
Do you mix fpj with water for watering or is not needed? In case of mix fpj how much are the doses
Hello I love your channel and thank you so much for make me understand how to make my own recipes. I want to know, if it's posible, how to make/use soybean for amino acids. Thank you ❤️
Can I use artichokes
@Chris Trump any chance you remember the brand name of the funnel you use? You also used another funnel & strainer in the OHN video.
in India we make jeevamrut and bio enzyme using similar method
how to use them, dilution ?Would this make the soil acidic if used to drench the plant?
Loving your videos! I'm not able to find the one you reference All About FPJ, is it gone or does it have a different name?
Needs a bigger knife
most important question: where'd ya get the jars?
I guess one thing to mention is where your brown sugar comes from? If it is cane sugar or beet sugar, most beets grown for sugar production are GMO and use a chemical process to extract....FYI
I have a question No one’s been able to answer for me can you cut up an aloe vera plant and fermented it with brown sugar
Where's the all about FPJ video ? Loved the video by the way ! Thanks.
How do you use it with water? Can't find the "all about knf" vid
I'm so confused.  Reading page 146 of Jadam organic farming: do not use sugar! What's your response??
Hey chris can you show your tools for compost re piling or rotating it by tractor
Good Morning from California! 🐳 I have been doing worm composting for 15 years and want to compost everything worms can't handle.  I am learning about bokashi and want to make my own EM.  Does your FPJ have enough bacteria to use in bokashi?  Can I use other fruits to make FPJ?  How do I dechlorinate city water?  Thank you for your great videos. Take care, Maria
Thanks for your time ,
Can we use aloe vera for fpj?
So I have done my FPJ it has been seven days and there is still come sugar at the top level should I wait longer than the seven days or what should I do? Any help would be appreciated thank you!
Anyone tasted FPJ?   Does it taste sweet and slightly sour?
What happened to the all about fpj video?
Subscribed for life
Why did my fpj come out like syrup?
Hello.. Good video, any explaination on how to use this FPJ ?
Hey Chris I’m planing on making ffj next year with some freezer Burt blue berries what some advice you can give me for making it keeping it and using it in my garden
Banana flower, you just disqualified 90% or 95 % of people   who has a fregin banana plant near their home, idiot
porr fu*k has to go through life with that name TRUMP   NASTY
Hi i need to know the ratio mean fruits quantity and brown sugar quantity plz
How do we use the finished product in the garden?
Must the fermenting jar be glass or plastic? I need to know, please. When is your next video on vinegar making?
How long is the shelf life storing the FPJ it like that in a cool dark place after it is made? I just made a batch and would really like to know. Thanks great video watched it a few different times over last couple years.
Bro what is ratio of brown sugar and banana flower? 2nd FPJ solution how many months we can save?
im korean
have you ever eaten the flowers???
Please forgive my ignorance, Is this a beverage, alcoholic beverage, natural pesticide or a fertilizer?
I've heard other places to add equal parts by weight of brown sugar to the FPJ long term. That is a ton of sugar!   What constitutes long term?   If I'm planning to use the whole batch up within the year do I need to stabilize it?  If I stabilize it, should I then use a stronger dilution when feeding my plants?
Hey chris How do you know when fermentation is completed? Thanks
How much do you use during a feed for plants
Nice👍 what is the npk or nutrient content of this concoction. Thanks from the Philippines.
Can I mix plants or one plant a FPJ
How to consume this FPJ? Can we use it in teas or drink the juice directly or dilute it?
How many time will have to spray over plants once a day, on alternative,or weekly or on fortnightly or monthly
Could fpj of basil be prepared? And if yes, then what can be it's benefits over the plants
Chris, I learn a lot from you thank you for teaching KNF in English!!!!
Ok questions. When you use that to feed your plants, doesn't it attracts ants to the plants? Can you do your juice just using the plants and some water?
chris you are great Man and brother  thx for all your video , keep doing hope you will become bilioner ; )
Still waiting on your all about FPJ video.
Thanks a lot Informative Let us be friends
How does this compare to the Jadam liquid Fertilizer? Jadam seems to leave the sugar out in its mixtures. Do you see a benefit to this?
That banana flower is edible. yum!
Hi Chris, can you use peanuts to make fpj?
Thanks handsome
Thanks for information please more videos soon hope all is good 4 u and your fam
As always informative as can be while still being simple enough for the layman .. thanks again for sharing Chris Trump!! 👊Anybody got a link on that funnel/filter setup? I am only finding small ones and buchners via google search on the subject...
Hello Chris :) Thanks for creating att the vids. So much GREAT info and knowledge that you are sharing. Can FPJ be used in a Hydroponic System for the nutrition solution?   LAB :) I love Cheese. Will be trying this for sure :)
these things are so complex i prefer buying these from a good store
All about FPJ!????
What does that stuff smell like?
hi chris. nice video. why banana flowers? besides banana flowers, what other plants can be used?
Chris, I am all over your videos. Thank you so much for all the education. I am preparing a tomato farm, I hate chemicals and my search for a while Led me to your channel and I feel blessed.   I am digging into FPJ but cannot find the All about FPJ video  Again thank you
Hi, from Argentina. I dont see any activity on my fermentations, cou it be tu much brown sugar?? I use 1To 1 by whieght. Thanks
Great video! What are the mixing ratios for watering and or foliar spray.
Bro, thank you for making these videos to teach those of us new to KNF, and make it easy to understand. I can't wait to fail making some of these. I am going to make an FPJ, and an OHN, and then onto IMO1. THANKS AGAIN FOR THE INSTRUCTIVE VIDEOS.
Namaskar, Thank you! BNK
when they baked that knife i think the added four tablespoons of big instead of two, and they completely forgot to mix in any sharp at all. it;s hopeless.
What is the purpose of it??
What "All About FPJ" video?
Is ocean water the same as seawater?
I don't have banana flower but in the spring I'm planting some comfrey I was told it is a good composting green leaf and I can make liquid fertilizer with it by brewing it in a 5-gallon bucket Can I substitute the banana flower for comfrey?
Great how to video!  I was looking for the purpose of FPJ and all these other cool home brews, but good to know
Can I use Kale or collard greens?
For what the FPJ my friend and  can I ask ,any vagetable he can make FPJ?
it would be great to use a variety of weeds to make that i think :)
Can I use sunflower heads, rose hips, and apples for my fpj?🤔
Fantastic! Thanks...simple...
Hi can i give this to chickens? As their feed?....if yes, how much will i give them in daily basis...thank you sir.
Good job
what are the measurement or dosage in using fpj???
Hello I am Indian I have read about you in the news paper Natural farming is going well under your guidance in South Korea. I cultivate Indian way I am about your farming Send information on my number what number 859 8564438
What if mold gets into the jar
how about if igive to animal what is a exact ph that i need.
chris how do you apply it? I killed me plants
great video...one problem how do you you apply it? I added it to some plants they died other plant were fine.
Great simple video!!! Love it! 😉❤🙏💚✌
Excellent tutorial Chris, thanks for sharing. I just made a small batch of FPJ from winter cress (barbarea vulgaris). First dynamic plant here in spring. It came out like syrup and actually tastes really good. Not sure if I made enough for the plants🍀
Hey Chris, BIG UPS!!! I love your videos and appreciate you putting out this KNF series...great work! I just did my first FPJ . I mixed equal parts brown sugar to plant material after chopping up leaves and stems into smaller pieces and let it sit for 2 weeks and when I opened it, it smelled fine but there was no juice (about 10 pounds plant material) , just the solid sugar cap & the plant material, which was very wet but no juice. Can I add more plant material and sugar? What can I do? Why do you think this happened? Any insights or suggestions would be appreciated.
I'm making FPJ using a cantaloupe and all the sugar and liquid are sinking to the bottom - will this be a problem and how can I do it differently?
What is the purpose  of this juice ? Is it for human consumption  or  soil amendment?
Is it healthy to drink the fermented plant juice or is it too full of sugar?
Yo! I'm making FFJ with some rich in K fruits and I wonder if it's bad that the brown sugar sediments in the bottom, it was all well mixed and now it seems that isn't. This didn't happen with the FPJ tho.
Hi, Can anyone tell me if you can freeze the FPJ so you don't have to use it all at once?
Are you using porous paper simply for gas exchange or is porous paper also used to let in microbes?
what's the dosification of FPJ?
Hi Chris, does ffj produce bubble in the process? Mine doesnt. Is it okay or start over? Thank you for your respond
Do u personally recommend turbinado cane sugar like RAW or a brown sugar //light or dark? Ive been using raw cane sugar from costco but am buying 100  lbs and was thinking brown because its more accessible
Why do you need sugar? Will it not invite an ARMY of ANTS?
Thanks a lot for offering the world these great how-to vids Chris ! :)  I have one question :  When brown sugar is added to the finished FPJ for outside of the fridge conservation, is the ratio for use still 1:1000 ? As the concentration in plant's elements should be weaker due to the added sugar, shouldn't the ration be something like 1:800 ?  Maybe it has no importance but i'm wondering... Thanks in advance for your answer but no problem if you don't have the time, i'll know you're busy making the world a better place  :-)
great video! Just what I was looking for.
can i make FPJ using the stems&leaves from my plants? or does it need to be made using the flower as you have done?
sir if i have 1 acre of land with sugarcane plantation what should be the dosage in drip irrigation per month
Thanks Chris. Just finished LAB now I'm moving on to this. It's pretty fun and fascinating stuff, i must say. Lol  Much love all the way from Botswana.
What's the pink flower in the background looks a medicinal my grandma used for stomach problems.
Hi i am from india. How long can we store this fpj and can we use black jaggery instead brown sugar
Many of mine smell alcoholic after 7 days.. What do i dooooo?
Same process for ffj?
Greetings . this is very useful indeed ,   where  i live ,  middle east ,  the brown sugar is very expensive , may i use  Molasses   instead or white sugar + molasses using high  temperatures? thank you
Greetings . this is very useful indeed ,   where  i live ,  middle east ,  the brown sugar is very expensive , may i use  Molasses   instead or white sugar + molasses using high  temperatures? thank you
where do you get the glorious jars?
Thank you Chris for teaching the language of living soil! Your videos are so helpful and straightforward, I am grateful for your time and dedication!
...is there a video on how to use the fpj?
What do you use this liquid for?  I thought you were making alcohol.
Hi Chris, is the all about FPJ video still not available?
Hi Chris, just checking. I know you don't have a how to video for FAA, but can you please confirm that the lid for FAA once finish is the same, i.e. breathable?
hey cris thanks so much for all your rockin videos  i watched all of them at least 5 times   one question i have  is  for FPJ  i live in ny what plants can i use
hi, where is the ''All about FPJ'' video? ty
Hey Chris can u explain why one would use sugar instead of salt preferably when making a citrus ffj . Thanks ..
Why can't I find the "all about fpj"video
can i use virgina creeper
Can I make FPJ  with  rosemary ? Because where i leave is winter  and not to many plants are growing. Thank you George.
I live in the Permian Basin area of Texas, and the only things that grow abundantly, with little or no help, are weeds. Can I use weeds for FPJ? Most of the weeds are also toxic to animals, so I would rather not use those. Do I need to grow something to use? If so, what would you recommend?
Aloha! what if your FPJ is bubbling on day 4? Mahalo Nui.... love your tutorials.  Lorra
Hey Chris,  calculating how much fpj i need for 10 hectares for the whole growing season, 7 beweekly final applications, so i need to make at least 35 liters of fpj ?  is my calculation correct?
Can banana flower Fpj be used on rice plants. Or Fpj with rice plant leaves need to be used?
I made fpj out of cantaloupe fruit. Is this as good as banana flower?
This guy doesnt look korean tho...
How do I use it on my plants?
Hello, I am not in a tropical area (Ohio). For the plants, can I use cabbage, artichokes, nasturtiums, wild amaranth, etc? Can you give me some more ideas? Thank you, Joy
What if the plant I intend to use is dry already?
Im tryying the with fresh chantrelle mushrooms has anyone else tryyed this ?
Is there a certain point after making this when you can close the lid?
hey chris,,love the vid's and im off to making them,question though,finding these ingrediants arent working out so well in the city and forget about banna flower,lol,,is it possible to use store bought fruit ,like apple and pears to make the FPJ
If I were to make ffj from wild persimmons would the process be the same?  thank you
how to use this on plant
too bad am limited to use only flowers not the fruit it self - a great gay made me realize this... great video ... thank you for sharing
can i use refined sugar and molasses to it ? brown sugar is really expensive here ? and the plant can i use guava?? and can i add lab to it so if finish the process faster ? and what if the fruit are in the fridge i didnt pick it in the morning isit gone work ?? and can i do with liquid fpj after fermenting and if am gone dilute it what the ratio ? sorry for too much q
Can't figure no "all about fpj" :( Got link?
So after making this how much should I drink?
Hi, I just found your channel and i really like it so far!  Thank you for all the very thorough explanations!     I am wondering if potatoes would be good to use since they have a lot of potassium.  Everything I've learned so far seems to use the leafy green.
Lost the volume half way thro6gh so i use the caption
Does it matter what kind of fruit to use? Pineapple is currently on my table
Thanks for the reply Chris....I have been using only 4cc per gallon and my plants are growing like crazy. They are going to love a double dose! Another question please: Can I spray this on the leaves as a bug deterrent? You are so smart...great videos. Thank you for sharing!!!
I just made some fpj from banana flower. I think it sat a bit too long as it smells alcoholic and is thick almost sludge like.  It's this still good?  Or should I start over?
I can't find the all about fpj video?
I have another question in trying to find suitable plants this year for this.  I am trying to find comfrey to plant for later.  Anyway, can I use bindweed?  It creeps everywhere and the bugs don't seem to eat them.  Thank you!!  These videos are most helpful!
Great Video! Didn't learn the metric system and need to know how many cc per gallon of water for FPJ. Could you please just tell me? My old brain hurts trying to figure out L vs G. thanks.
HI Chris, is it okay in involve the stem with the plant that i will be using to make FPJ? Also, can LAB be used along with FPJ when treating plants throughout the plants life?
Hello Chris Trump, I would like to ask is I can use any parts of the plants like leaves and fruits of vegetables on making fermented plant juice? I am still kinda confused because some info didn't tell what part of the plants to be used, while the other said that only shoots of the plants is to be used. I'm kinda stuck on making treatments for my thesis about fermented plant juice. Thank you very much in advance...
Can FPJ be capped and sealed for storage?
I have always fermented different flowers and new growth leaves for different purposes but have always used molasses, whats the difference with using brown sugar. Self taught so I do things the way that works for me, but great videos and always trying to correct a few of my problems. Your LAB video was best I can find. I use old bubble bags (90 micro) instead of paper and they double as a strainer. They work great and clean easy.
I've seen recipes that require an equal amount of either brown sugar or molasses to be added after the FPJ is strained. Is that just for long periods of storage? If so, roughly how long will an FPJ last without the added sugar or molasses at the end? A few of my sources for the added sugar recipe are: http://naturalfarminghawaii.net/tag/fpj/  and https://www.ctahr.hawaii.edu/oc/freepubs/pdf/sa-7.pdf
Would the FPJ be harmful to fish if introduced to an aquaponics system in about a 1:500 ratio? And if it would be okay, how frequently do you feel that could happen? Thanks for the great video.
HI Chris, may you please give us a substitute for banana flower? I live in the Southern California area. Also, can this FPJ be added during any stages of the plants life? Thank you for the videos!
any advice on Jalepeno or pepper FPJ. I have an abundance id like to apply for maybe IPM..?
Great video Chris. The choice of material for FPJ-banana flower was great for orchards to induce flowering. Maybe a small discussion on suitable FPJ material depending on stage of plant dealt with will be helpful to readers, like leaves/bamboo shoots for vegetative state, unripe fruits for cross over, flowers for flowering, fruits for fruiting can get viewers thinking on what local material to use for this wonderful product!!
do you have link or blog for fpj sources and what they use for?
There's no all about video that I can find so not sure what you would use this for. Is this a marinade for chicken and pork? :)
how many tbsp of fpj to 5 gal of water?
dear have you ever done with Moringa Olieifeira FPJ?
Hi Chris, hope you're having a good day. Where is the all about FPJ video? I'd like to understand why more sugar is needed if the extract is still fermenting after a couple of days, the science behind it. Also, can you ferment for too long a period, lets say it was finished in 6 days but you let it sit 10, is that a problem?
Thanks dude, just followed it to a T for some fenugreek. Have you ever fermented fenugreek? I'm curious about the NPK but haven't been able to find an estimate.
I am so into this. Thank you for being such a great teacher & sharing your knowledge. Blessings!
i bref all recipi
i merde formule
Hello Chris, can a person use a head of cabbage you would buy from a farmers market, or does it need to be harvested from the wild to get the wild yeast.
Good morning Chris! I was looking at Dr. Cho's FFJ recipe, do you use the fruit skin? For instance, use the whole banana, don't peel it first? With a mango, would I remove the seed? Should all FPJ and FFJ be stored in an open container? I can cover it but dont seal it with a cap?
Hey Chris not sure what I did wrong, I got some tick liquid from my fpj.
hey Chris, please what's the size of your big Jar?
This is very interesting. But my question is: What is the mixing ratio with water to fertilize the plants. My other question is, how do I know the strength of this FPJ (N/P/K)? Or is there a way of how to test it to find out the NPK?
Chris, where is your other video, all about fpj?
can I use plastic jar for this?
Can I use Molases instead of brown sugar?
Hi Chris, is store bought rice vinegar ok or is it pertinent to make your own? How do you know when to use 1 to 1 ratio brown sugar vrs half wieght brown sugat for fpj. i here moisture content. in the book it says half wieght.
great video chris,, cant wait for ur next video, "HowTo:Vinegar" , please don't make us wait so long
Hi Chris, thanks again for this excellent video !!   Can't wait to see your "HowTo:Vinegar" video to be available.   Speaking of vinegar, can I substitute BRV with, say: Cane Sugar Vinegar, coconut sap vinegar, or banana vinegar, as an ingredient to foliar mix or when making IMO4, etc. needing BRV ?
Hi Chris, I cant find the vinegar video, is this on another site? Great info
Hey Chris. excellent video once again! does anyone know if comfrey fpj leftovers will make a decent vinegar ? once the video comes out. Or is it because he is using banana? thx!
seen a lot of new knf methods on instagram. if you haven't seen the community I highly recommend ya check it out
Great clear info Chris. I've watched all of your videos and I love what you're doing. Just found out about KNF and I'm trying to incorporate KNF with Ingham's teachings to gain a deeper understanding of soil biology.  I think your videos could be even better if you'd mention the goals and functions of the different steps in your videos. I feel this would give a deeper understanding of the processes involved.  Highy appreciate what you're doing!
Thanks for sharing Chris.
Another great video! I foraged some horsetail in the PNW and made mine with that about six months ago. I use it with my OHN when I brew liquid IMO and also do sporadic foliar/drench applications with just FPJ and OHN. I have never seen an immune response expressed so quickly by a plant! Of all the books and resources I use regularly, your videos are some of my favorites and I can't wait for the next one. One thing I'm looking close at is how the Soil Food Web approach fits with KNF. I mean I've seen first hand that it works, but there are varying opinions regarding using anaerobes and fermented inputs when there is a focus on sample counts of specific fungi, bacteria and micro-arthropods/nematodes/etc. The argument usually centers around anaerobes being antagonistic to fungi in particular. You may already know of this, as I know you mentioned Elaine Ingham in one of your other videos, but she seems to discount some of the aforementioned methods. Nonetheless, I'm going to be taking some SFW courses very soon and hope to bridge some of these practices. For my own purposes if nothing else. Thanks for putting these proper methods out there for people to use!
if we harvest the material before sunrise can it sit out until later in the morning to prepare the FPJ?
In this side of the world (Malaysia)....we use onion + jaggery sugar for plant growth which we locally term it as MOL Onion. Overipe fruits (eg pineapples and bananas, no citrus fruits) + jaggery sugar...ferment for 7 days...use as foliar spray to promote flowering and fruiting. Nothing gets wasted here in the kitchen for us doing home backyard gardening.  LOL
hey chris, amazing knowledge! if i want to use, how much mL per Litre? Hugs from Brazil
Thank you Chris, I can't wait for the video!
interesting
Love your videos, I can't find the video for making vinegar or if you have one in how to make rice vinegar, thanks
Excellent clear taught video again.  You mentioned other videos and I didn't find them on your channel.  Are they somewhere else?
Not able to find the video "all about fermented plant juice".
Do you have somewhere we could download all of these, its a lot of fantastic info I'd hate to see vanish
I made it before but without the layer of sugar at the end, i see some white mouldy stuff growing on the top, is it still ok to use? Also I've heard before after the extraction that you add more sugar to stabilise/preserve it? THanks for the helpful instructions
Again always super easy to grasp-thank you! I have a few questions though. Could you use raw sugar as a substitute to stay more ph neutral? Also perhaps a little irrelevant but could you keep a JMS/JLF? If so how long before it's inviable (also intending a neutral ph)? Much love brother-I appreciate what you're doing immensely!
Great video and great filming spot. Looking forward to how to make vinegar! Peace
