GRAB MY FREE GUIDE --> https://clairejefford.com/ccd-freebies/
what about snowwhite
I wanted to accent in Kendall Charcoal. My wife couldn't handle it...LOL.
I just painted my living room in Simply White. That includes walls and ceilings in flat. And trim and doors in semi. I painted one wall in Revere Pewter as an accent against the Simply White. I own a paint company. I've never loved Pewter, but it works really well against Simply White.
Hi, would you have any suggestions for a white paint colour, not stark white, that would go in a foyer, up the stairs and all around the hallway upstairs?  Doesn't get a lot of natural light going up the stairs and into the upper hallway, although it's a big space, though.  Want fairly light but not too stark of a white.  Will be painting the front cupboard door in black and all the way up the stairs there's black iron.  FYI, a room beside the foyer is shaker beige.  Any suggestions?  Thank you so much!
You’re pretty
painted kitchen cabinets white dove. Would you recommend walls be done in agreeable grey, or light French grey. Back slash and counter tops are white and island is a navy blue.
Need a white that I can use in a laundry room with no windows want to paint cabinets and walls but different Sheen's also want it to have some depth and warmth but yet clean bright white 🤍. Please help
What about Super White ?
I hate white dove and will never use it again.
Firmly committed to cavern clay as an accent wall.  STILL struggling with deciding on an off white for the other 3 walls in the master bedroom.  The room gets plenty of sun.  Pure white? White duck? Origami?   Any suggestions?
Hi Claire ,  I have upper west side colour for my living room walls and would like a white ceiling and feature wall , which of these whites would you recommend  Thx Joe
I’m hesitating between white dove and simply white which is better for bedroom  ?
Do you think edgecomb grey BM will go good with travertine look floor tile and or brown cabinets?
Hi Claire, awesome video! Very helpful info comparing Snowfall White and Simply White. Could you please briefly describe the difference between Oxford White and Snowfall White (both by Benjamin Moore)? I'm thinking about going for one of these two colors for my walls. Thanks!
Hello...I am in the process of modernizing a oak coloured book shelf.   I was thinking doing it a two tone where the back wall of book shelf would be black and then the rest white.    What would be your recommendations on a black paint color and white.   Just an FYI the wall beside bookshelf is done in BM silver satin.   Thanks in advance!
I want to paint my living room the starkest white possibly... What would you suggest.
I know this is an old video, but I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions on which white would work best in a room with 3 light turquoisey blue walls (and white for the fourth one). I'm struggling with how to select one, as there are so many whites on the benjamin moore website to choose from. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Great video.  I had sampled Chantilly lace to go with my mid tone beige walls and off white kitchen cabinets.  Way too bright and stark.  I was worried about the yellow undertones before but now am looking at simply white or white dove.  Do u have a go to off white trim paint for beige/griege walls?
Im struggling with the white to choose I’ve had 6 swatches I was convinced I would want white dove I find it look almost too creamy or dirty? I want to have bright white cupboards and trim and I want to brighten the walls the floors and counters are a born shade and the rest of my homes walls are light shades of grey.  What I’m seeing on the wall is baby’s breath might be better with the grey tones and brushed steel in the room. I will be adding some warmth with natural wood tones/ what I’m shocked about it’s all the BM popular whites I’m not sure if in my space so if I pick a different shade I’m nervous I’ll pick the wrong cupboard white I want a contrast
What are the under color in Super White
which white is great for kitchen cabinets? white dove  simply white decorator's white  i want to do the walls chantilly lace.
Very helpful.  Thank you so much
Which white paint would you recommend for a north facing room? I definitely want a white but I don't want the room to look cold and sterile.
suggestions on doing the exterior in all white? what Ben Moore color?  ty
I live in a 1733 years old farmhouse that have beautiful cherry maple and recently over the years teak wood floors and trim molding were added to parts of the house. But, it seems today style is painting the wood trims and molding white. How can I keep the original wood style of wood, and maintain that fresh, clean neutral wall color. I like greys and white. Which grey and white would work for my house?
you need better lighting... also where could i find those big color boards? thanks for the video
What would u do the kitchen cabinets in and what color glaze
Thank you for the awesome video!  Would you do white dove on walls and simply white on trim, kitchen cabinets and ceiling?
We are painting our home in the Desert which will be an Air B & B.  We have decided on Dove White for walls and trim. What sheen for walls is best? We are also painting ceiling Simply White in a matte finish.
I love your you tube videos? Question: Would you use Chantilly Lace (Benjamin Moore) with Accessible Beige (Sherwin Williams). I ask as my walls are currently Accessible Beige used with Swiss Coffee. I had Chantilly Lace in my last home and love it. Would it work with Accessible Beige?
What white do you recommend in north facing rooms when you want to create a light and airy feel and use blues as accent colors?
Another great video.... hard to choose between White Dove and Simply White.....I have a lot of antiques and golden woods/oaks....warm shades....which would you recommend being safer pet?
Thanks for the great video. Would you think it would be ok to do same white dove on walls, trims and maybe ceiling as well? Thanks
Hi there, I’ve just bought some White Dove 🕊 for my living room and I stumbled upon your awesome video can you please suggest a white color for the trim? Thanks
Awesome video!!  It hard to choose between so many whites   I was wondering which one of these whites works best in a cottage with red pine wood.
Great video
I’m looking for a kitchen cabinet color that’s not real white because I have creamy tan tones on walls and trim.  I want the paint color to go with not just my colors but could be used if a buyer wanted gray color scheme.  My granite has a soft tan, black and gray in it now.  Please help me out.
Ok, please tell me, I decided to go with Benjamin Moore Stonington Gray for walls and simply white for trim, but if am also putting trim in the ceiling which I will color simply white like the bottom my question is what color should I used to paint my ceiling because the color it has right now is cream, should I also painted simply white? Thank so much
Hi, am painting my walls stunington gray by Benjamin and the trims simply white, but I don’t know wt color should I paint the ceiling. Can you help me please? Thank you, also what would you pick simply white or cloud white. For trims and doors.
Would you recommend painting the ceiling the same white color as the walls or should they be painted a different color white?
would white dove work well as a trim color for revere pewter?
Loved hearing about white dove thanks
I agonized over my white. I chose mayonnaise for my kitchen and hallway. The color consultant advised that simply white does not cover well. I also thought of mascarpone, again she said it did not cover well. My BM is a lovely creamy white. This is a good video.
Just a terrific video
