This was super helpful, thank you!!
What do I need to do to the fabric before I attach it to the scrolling bars?
Hello, thank you for this video. My questions are do I do not have webbing on my scroll split rod. Do I use ezy tape on split scroll rod?  Do I also need to sew extra material to my cross stitch border?  My cross stitch project is stamped which leaves a 2 1/2 border. what type of material do I use? Aida?  Thank you very much. Erma  California
Very helpful. This was the first time to use a scroll frame.
I’m new to this, when your project is done is it easy to remove the stitching? I’m doing a stamped cross stitch and I don’t have a ton of space around the edges.
Tha is so much this was just what I needed to see!
Very helpful, thank you!!
V clear n useful. Inherited scroll frame as gift but lacks webbing to attach needlework to frame? What to do? Also have u vid of using frame attached to lap/floor stand?
Awesome thank you !
Thank you!!
Thank you so much, I have a 25 or 30 year old Eric Wilson scroll frame still in the package with all the rods from 16 inches all the way uptown think 24 that I inherited from my grandmother. I am now retired and I want to Crosstitch or embroidery, I have my Fabric, floss, pattern, and I was at a loss of how to get this Fabric attached to this canvas on the scroll… I can’t thank you enough! I’m going to get started on my first piece today❤️
This is so helpful and informative!
How do you get your tension im struggling with mine
The shaking camera was too much for me to watch the video. Poor quality.
When you roll your material do you roll the top and the bottom exactly the same way
So when your done with your cross stitch does that webbing stay on the bar? Do you just un stitch the basting you did for the fabric? Sorry new to this :)
Why do you have a grid marked onto your fabric and how is this accomplished? Please make a video for us that are new to cross stitching.
:O do you put the scroll webbing OVER the cloth?! Holy moly I may have been doing it wrong this whole time...
Which way on the top scroll should the fabric be facing
Thank you for sharing 😊
I ended up buying too big of a scroll frame for my project. Can I use a larger piece of basting cloth and just keep it center it that way?
Thank you very much. That helped :-)
Have you tried the "no basting" rods that come w Velcro-like tape ?
Thank you very much for explaining a scroll frame. There are always going to be new people like me wondering how to mount fabric.  What about the left and right sides of the fabric? How do you handle a big design like a HAED?
Did I see that you had stapled the webbing to the scroll rod, making it a semi-permanent feature on the scroll rod for future projects?
what size is the scroll bar you have in this video? and where did you get it from ?
I have never did this when I cross stitched…but then again, I don't think I worked on one this big. I have many cross stitch projects that I haven't finished :(
Great video!
Thanks for the video Nina.  I had watched it and yesterday was in a thrift shop and found a scroll frame with the fabric strip - picked it up for $3 and now have my current project on it!
thank you, I going to try that, because I do it all wrong
Nina - like Carolyn that is how I used to use my scroll bars but no more Millennium frame user but I am sure you will have helped a lot of stitchers. Take care Amanda x
Thats exactly how I used to do it.  Thankfully no more, now I have a Millennium frame. ;) x
You make that look so very easy. I have a hate, hate relationship with scroll rods. I can never get it even or tight enough to my satisfaction. Maybe I'll try it again. Thanks for sharing.
