Personally, I'd leave the entire machine together and do this all from  the back. Or just unplug the terminals on the heater assy. and remove it out the front. No ned to remove 3/4 of the machine and break all the plastic clips to do this.
If you use a putty knife on the facia,  the clips won't break
Naah this is wild lol
Sir I did everything you showed me but now I have a problem knowing where all the wires hook back up too can you help me
Why in the world are you telling people to start poking around at the electrical components of a dryer while it is still hooked up to electric? First rule of electrical repairs is turn off the breaker! The instructions that come with the dryer tell you how to test with it turned off.    Also, you don’t need to take the whole dryer apart to replace the element. You can replace it from that front access panel.
I did replaced the heating element and put the machine back together but I have an error code F70 but the boards worked fine before the replacement and I checked all the wiring connections and they seem fine. Any recommendations to diagnose?
Kenmore connect
Is there a special tool for the connector?
Element tube will not come loose from back of the machine. Is there something holding it .
But did you really have to disassemble the whole thing?… I got my element out through the lower access panel very easily.
I find it's hard to remove and replace the drum without bumping the front end on the thermal fuse and thermistor.   I'm worried about bending and/or breaking them.
I can’t believe the cheesy way they mount the clips tp the tear drop.  I had to use epoxy to re attach several of them.
I have this dryer I have cleaned kept it mint free but it keeps not lighting up after I have it on the more dry cycleI have had lint hose cleaned I have replaced thermal sensor  3 xs and it works for a bit them takes to long to dry them turns off please help?
Take the bottom panel off .  look inside the element has 1 little screw holding it unplug the wires after a picture so you're not confused. One bolt and it's out! This dudes full of shit!
Why in the world would you take the drum out and the face off just to change the heating element?...Seems like you tried to make it look a lot harder than it really is to change the heating element.
I just unscrewed the front slid the old element out slid the new on in. 6 total screws 10 total minutes. Or you can take the entire machine apart. Either way works
what Dr. Repair didn't tell you is that he broke all the clips that hold the teardrop trim when he removed it. in the end of the video he puts brand new trim with clips back. so make sure you order a replacement trim or have a glue gun ready if you plan to do the same trick.
This should be titled how to change a heating element. Not diagnosing a no heat issue.
What if the heating element is ok? Why else would it not be heating ? I need help.
What happened to the metal clips on the front outer trim?
Thank you for this video, very useful.
Thank you for this great video, very helpful.
hi, where does the red wire that goes into the white fuse go? mine was attached to the top and im not sure where the bottom one goes, does it just loop around into eachother?
Would this be the same for a gas dryer, same make?
Is there any way to remove the hosing without taking the entire dryer apart. I took my bottom panel off, and removed the brace holding it in, but cannot remove the housing.
The top filter dryers are SO much easier to work on
Thanks for a helpful video; I used it as my primary guide to replacing the heating element.  Two items that caused me the most time was getting the connectors apart on the door safety wiring and re-installing the drum backward.
How do you take the electrical connections apart? There was one on the top and one on the bottom. Do you force them apart, or is there some trick to it? Do you mash something in, or pull something out to release the electrical connection? Thank you
If heat element, sensors and fuse good and still no heat.  What is the issue?  Thanks
Great detailed video but once I saw all those screws coming out, I was like nah this one is for the pros
Thank you for showing how to remove the front of this dryer--could not for the life of me figure it out, was ready to break plastic bits off!
What is it when your electric dryer works as it should and shuts off at the end of the cycle, but the heat is staying on?
Jeff if the heating coil 9.9 it is good or bad
Where is the therminal fuse located? ‘ My dryer not heat only fuse and lint okay how to fix it
Nice work... but damn what a horribly designed dryer. That should be a 30 minute FRU
Not certain about the points made but ,if anyone else  needs to find out about  electronics repair guide  try Saankramer Electronic Magazine System ( search on google ) ? Ive heard some pretty good things about it and my neighbor got cool results with it.
Thank you! Really helped me out a TON!
can any body help with clues on what happen with my Kenmore Elite model 110.6295200 I replace all the sensors and heating element but start heating for 30 sec. then stop what it can be wrong
wow, the old top filter dryers were SO much easier to service.
Why does the high limit switch on the Whirlpool dryer continue to pop over and over thank you..
With the help of this video I had the info and courage to diagnosis and fix my own “no heat” dryer issue.  Thanks!
Great video... Step by step instructions is very appreciated
How'd much do you charge for this
What do you do about the broken snaps?
Thank you for posting this video. I followed your instructions and was able to replace the heating element easier than I thought it would be.  Only problem is, now I have to finish the wash.
My dryer is not heating and when I tried to check the two connections going to the heating element I'm  getting 120 volts and I don't have continuity test. What is my next step. Maytag MOD: MEDE300VW1. Thanks
I can’t find a video on removing the bottom front panel. Every video find, people have removed it already
Wow! Just take the bottom cover off and pull the unit out. 1 screw on the front brace. Pull your connectors and and your done 5 minutes.
You can use the clutch on your drill. So many folks don’t use it or don’t know/understand about the drill driver clutch. It’s adjustable to slip and limit torque to not strip screws. Otherwise excellent video! Thank you. 👍
Thank you!
Whats the name and where do you get that part where the element is broken?
Thank you so much for this video! I was actually replacing the belt and pulley, but your directions for taking the dryer apart were the best I found. And
I have the same model. The screws that secure the door hinge to the front panel are all loose and will not tighten anymore. The holes are stripped. Is there a remedy for this?
A little after 4 years of being published this video is still delivering great knowledge. Without this video especially the great diagnostics commentary I would have misdiagnosed my issue as being fuse related. Turned out the heating element was shorted. Same typical symptoms e.g. everything but the heat worked. The recommendation to check for 240v at the element leads in order to rule out a host of other potential issues was gold. Thank you!  A note regarding the clip breakage. In my experience it wasn't the clips that would break. It was the plastic tabbed attachment points. Looks like the factory does a spot melt of the tabs to affix the clips. 5 of mine detached from the tabs. Enough of the tabs remained to position the clips. I used  some strips of Gorilla duck tape to hold them in place. Seems to work just fine.  Again - thank you!
thanks for the clear video it helped me alot yesterday to fix my whirlpool duet found out it was the heating element
I saw a video that the LG Front load dryer had a reset button that could be access by taking the vent out of the back of the dryer and reaching in and hitting a reset button.  I have a Kenmore Elite that is only 2 years old and it is running but not heating and I was wondering if the Kenmore Elite had a reset button and if so if it was located in the same place.  The sales person that sold be the dry said that LG made the Kenmore Elite.  Can you tell me if the Kenmore Elite has a reset button I can try and where it is located?
Excellent video thank you for sharing. I would call you guys anyway to do the repair too many screws to put back in.. lol
My dryer is not heating and when I tried to check the two connections going to the heating element I'm not getting 240 volts. What is my next step
Thank you for making this great video. I was able to repair my Whirlpool dryer after watching this. My heating element had a break in it along the spiral section that was hard to see at first glance. Thanks again!
That is a good video and helped me change my heating element. My Duet was an older model and not exactly the same assembly / disassembly but the video was helpful. Thank You
Excellent video with the step by step process. This video help me repair my whirlpool duet dryer model # wed9400swo with the heating element burnt out.
Great tutorial, great picture.
Gas dryer repair
Iva's dryer repair
Dryer gas machine  repair
Great video, Matt does make it look easy. One thing, you should have shown the meter as you checked things so we could see what you're looking for and be able to match it.
Lg dryer repair gas
Whirlpool dryer start button
Great video. Clear instructions and great troubleshooting. Matt makes it look easy, let's hope it is.   A few hours later... everything is working fine. The troubleshooting shortcuts were the best. The dryer is all back together and working. Matt and company thanks a bunch. - Alf
My goodness! This is not recommended at all unless you know exactly what to do lol!
In regards to the teardrop trim - at 2:55 the technician states "you're going to break off some tabs when you remove this - it always happens. He (just like when I did this at home) has every tab still in the slots. Then at 12:55 the tabs for the teardrop trim "disappear". He never shows how to reseat it. It looks like at 15:55 he just hangs the trim back on with no tabs at all. Anyone have some advice on how to reattach this trim?
its a great dryer , im having problems with mine it wont start it just makes a click anyone have any clues in what it might be
Great Video! I just got this dryer from a friend and the teardrop trim is not seated on the dryer. Every time I close the door, the trim rattles around. Do you know if the entire trim will have to be replaced, or is there a trick to getting the trim seated back correctly that I might be missing? Thanks for any help you can provide.
Great Video!  Saved me a couple hundred dollars by not having to call the repair man.
even in Belgium the vid solved my problem. thnx and keep up the good work
Didn't get any voltage across the heater element terminals on my WED9470WW1 Duet dryer.  I guess next I have to pull the high limit thermostat and thermal cutoff as next culprits, right?  Just looking for no open condition on these? Or is controller or faulty wires higher probability? If the thermal cutoff is open, I will check for an obstructive condition as well.  BTW best video on the topic.  Thank you !
We have the duet gasdryer WED9200SQ1 it won,t heat . Do you have a video for that please.
You did a great job. Enjoyed the video very much.
