3:45 alright now that's just showing off LOL
Hes gonna dry fit it in her opening alright
I wish they would have gave a better and longer shot of the finished window frame!
im selling all my tools
love the acting - kind of like a porno :) tom silva can draw a straight line to my ******
Great trim, but would you want to stain it and seal it prior to install?
Why not finish the casing before installing?
He’s good I would of just put the frame around not adding the pieace lol glad I watched this great video
Sounds like he has a cold or something
Speaking of stools, I'm watching this from the toilet
Tommy’s the best. I watch his videos all day…
I know my limits. If I nailed all the trim together beforehand, I’d better have double what I need.
Put it on the saw-hawrse - I love it
Will those window crank handles clear the stool?  Stay tuned.
Thanks for the video!
I  replaced and trimmed 11 windows last week, and what am I watching? Yep.  I could watch Tommy work all day.
ngl Ripping apart that perfectly good sill/stool hurt my soul
Shourt?
Just wondering why they wouldn't have finished it before putting it up or at least mention they should finish it.
Tom just freehanding that quarter inch reveal using his fingers as a scribe.  I wonder how many hundreds of feet of door and window jams you have to get done to pick up that skill.
1. I can't draw that straight of a line with my ruler, he does it with a finger 2. Who has the balls to build a window frame on the bench, then just throw it up for a perfect fit 3. "I think I can help you out with that" has to be the biggest understatement he ever makes 4. When he dies, do you think all tools will go to Heaven with him?
Tell Tom that you can't "predrill" a hole. You either drill it or don't drill it. You can't  predrill it.
Is it just me, or is it sad to a guy like tommy sick with the flu? 🤣
I so much learn about house improvement from you thanks
Why not make sure that you are truly saved by Jesus Christ and practice this way. Remorsefully confess with your heart your sins to Jesus Christ who is God and tell Him that you right now are repenting of your sins and you want to be born again of the Spirit from above. Tell Jesus that you are remorsefully sorry for breaking His commandments and that you are begging for forgiveness from Him. Allow His blood from the cross to wash away your sins. After this is done with your heart successfully the Holy Spirit will come to live within you and He will rebuild you from the inside out.   Look for signs that you are saved. Things like spreading the good news from Jesus, getting other people saved, a craving for the word of God, reading the Bible, etc… These things are known as a calling and fruit bearing. If you're not bearing fruit then keep doing it. Sometimes it takes time to get saved. Read Matthew chapter 13 from the King James Bible. God bless!!!!
What type of wood is used for the crown? Or is that a stained look?
Sounds harder making it outside the window than work on the subdue.  If the window not perfectly 90 then you might struggle
"Beautiful crown moldings" absolutely  not
its too shat.   so I put it on the saw hawse
She has an interesting accent 0:15.
Tom is using "Great Stuff" foam WITH OUT gloves? I learned that lesson the hard way. I throw on some disposable gloves when I use that stuff.
Hi Tom I have window I don't know the name it looks like a standard window but the top half is stationary and the bottom half opens from left to right slider window can you tell me what kind of window I have the lock is on the side in the middle
I’ve never seen anyone in person ever use a protractor on a job before watching Tommy’s videos.  Now I wonder how anyone gets by without em.
Too bad the window stool and apron are too shawt.
Did anyone catch what kind of nail gun that is? Any recommendations for wireless ones like the one he used?
Its too shat.
1/4" reveal is annoying
My respect to the new people  in your show  but I miss the old shows kaboooooooooooooom
What wood is being used? Pine? Oak?
When I trim out windows I assemble the entire frame and stool prior to installation, of course that's on new windows where the stool buts against the window instead of under it. Also very often the windows are not the same depth to drywall side to side or even top to bottom so to get the jamb tight to the window and drywall you can do a whole bunch of drywall smashing and angled trim cutting (when the trim sits at an angle to the wall you will have to duplicate that angle on your miter saw to keep the cuts tight) its a lot easier and nicer to simply cut the jamb boards to the desired width and taper. To cut stool or jamb boards say 3 1/2" on one end and 3 5/8" on the other with a standard table saw, simply mark the board you are cutting at those distances then lay another board on top 1/16" past the mark and nail to the board you are cutting with four 1" 23g pins.....then set the nailed board against the fence you your table saw and set the fence so that the blade is aligned with the first mark. After making your cut you can pull the boards apart by hand and pull the 23g pins with a pair of needle nose or conventional pliers to ready the "guide board" for the next cut,, you will not be able to see the marks from the pins on the stool or jamb board and the cut will be as perfect as any cabinet makers cut.
For all the people speaking negative about this video, please show us your videos thanks! Lol.
Is that a New England Accent Tommy ?
It appears the rest of the wood trim in the house is stained beautifully, now the wood this is built from appears to be hemlock and not really a stain grad wood.  Painting it will look unusual, I would like to know what the final finish looks like.
love  watching tommy - he is just too  good
Firsh World problems.
That crown molding is anything but beautiful
So the beautiful cherry trim got replaced with pine?
I wish there was an easier way to pre assemble my jamb and casing. The builder we work for doesn't do stools, just jamb material we build in squares. With casing already attached I cant get shims underneath. What I used to do is use spring miter clamps and glue, 23 gauge pins at an angle for the short end of the miter, upholstery staples on the back side, and brad nails through the outside corners to get perfectly assembled casing, but it was too time consuming for my boss' liking. Now I just cut 45s, nail my casing pieces up individually, and any gaps I get I fill with wood filler and wipe with a wet rag and call it good.
I’m surprised the trim doesn’t split when he nails the small edge to the jam extender. What size brads would they have been?
Tom can doing anything i can watch these videos all day!!
I like the american style of woodworking. And i like that american lady.
This job is big $$.
Erin is a nice piece of trim
Quatah inch reveal
Just whack the plaster wall to make it fit tight lol, never would have guessed that trick
I would have never thought of making the trim adjustment to the wall by using a hammer.  I enjoy watching Tom at work.
DIDNT PRESTAIN & VARNISH? THEN INSTALL
Greatest!
I thought him all that stuff
That stool was too shawt.
how much did you charge for that job
Tom needs some NyQuil.
First world problems.
Widdle Tommy is sick.
I feel sorry for whoever has to replace that window in the future. They tear that all that to pieces getting it out
I'm installing interior roller blinds at my house. Our Master bedroom has 2 identical small windows on one wall and 2 identical larger windows on another wall. After receiving my blinds, I laid all of the blinds for all of the windows on all of the sills. I installed the 1st blind easily.  When I moved over to install the 2nd small window, it wouldn't fit at the top of the window. I probably need another 1/8 of an inch. The exact same problem reared its head with the large window. The first one was a snap. When I moved over to install the 2nd one, I again needed another 1/8 of an inch. I was thinking about sanding down each side of the inside of the sills enough to fit the blind in at the top. Does anyone have any suggestions that would not require shipping the blinds back?
Ever noticed that when it comes to fixing a window that some women are more likely to have someone show them how to do it and just watch and see how Tom Silva does it and more often I don't see men on some of these window repair. Guess men for this type of project they don't want to be seen on television like..duh..i know that Tom I was so busy at work with stuff and I know what your talking about and being a man shucks I can do it. (Meaning I'm not a carpenter like other men and I don't want to embarrass myself in front of millions of viewers)
...too shot?
Would have been nice to see how you removed the rest of the old window seal
This is by far the best video on window trim
"Dave what can we f up today?" ahhh I found it!
Tom and the gardening guy seem like the only 2 that know what they're doing on TOH
He sounds a little horse
Here let me beat the drywall with my hammer.. Breaking it apart to fit window trim......
Something's wrong with his voice. Sounds like he has a blocked nose.
Would have been hilarious if after he spent all that time building the frame, when he put it up there it didn’t fit!  He’s awesome and makes things look so easy.
I don't understand why they never paint it first
"i will check it with my square"  *puts triangle on the window*
Poor husband or partner.
What a waste of time and money.
Nice Job Tom
"There's nothing wrong with this window, there's beautiful plaster work all the way around it, and you really won't notice any changes because we have these rods and curtains obscuring the view, can you help me waste time and money doing a completely unnecessary 'repair'?"
Good use of the fine adjustment tool (aka hammer)
Wow, excellent job!
Despite what the haters say I like the way all the guys do their jobs, If I had the money I would pay them to build me a house
Thank you.  What kind of wood showing in the video, it looks thicker and stains showing wood grins well?
C'mom Tom, exposed end grain is now very craftsman like.  You should have miter retired the ends.  I will give you props on building it as a whole unit.  Best way.
Assembling the whole unit first looks great but would scare me because I would imagine the window opening wouldn't be perfectly square (what is?). Were there measurements to check the square of the opening beforehand? I would love to be able to get my miters to join like that.
1:00 it's too shaaat
End grain showing instead of returned corners, beating the hell out of the plaster instead of scribing the jamb extensions? Come on, Tommy. That's elementary carpentry at best. Also, screwing the casing together is kind of overkill.
Only 22 more windows to go
Olá,  Parabéns pelo trabalho e um grande abraço do MAREDS
I thought it looked ok to begin with. Save the money and buy more beer 🍺
Wow, another Tommy special; most people would build it piece by piece around the window...
Always enjoy watching your videos.  Could you recommend what kind of wood is good for interior window sill?
That 1/4 “ reveal by hand tho
Wouldnt you put on a lynseed oil or something like that to seal up that stock?
We have a new home that came with many builder-grade finishes, including windows without casing (just sheetrock). We added full trim and sills to our windows and it made a HUGE difference for not a lot of work or money. We did it the way Tom said he doesn't like as much lol, but they look so much better still.  I totally recommend this type of project!
NICE JOB TOMMY
What's wrong with tommys voice? Hope  he's okay
Tom has a cold get well Tom!
Most of that will be covered by curtains.  Seems like an awful lot of work doing all those windows just to peek a little bit of dated trim.
Tom Is a true master carpenter.
Tommy's voice is off I hope he is feeling ok
Only thing missing is stain and a finish. Looks great though.
tom is becoming roger  "the window stool is too shAAWT and the apron is too shAWWT"
He did not need to remove the sill. He could have glued and screw on 3 or 4 inch piece to both ends.
That frame would have been dry fit about 10 times because windows are out so much
Looks great , but it's not even stained to Match the others. The others is not even framed eather like the smaller ones
Tommy sounds like he isn't well. 🙁
Does someone have a cold? 🙂
Hey in that a compass... For  math
Now everyone knows her window trim isn't the same size as her door trim
That's a lot of extra unnecessary work. Screwing trim? Gluing trim that can be nailed? Looks good though
Watching Tom draw lines freehand is too satisfying.
Beautiful
Nice job! My windowsills are 30” deep...
What is the name of that nail gun please.
Love this show
I gave it a thumbs up because I learned 2 things even though ive done this quite a few times.  If I may chime in.  Keep a clean rag and clean water handy to wipe away glue squeeze out thoroughly when it happens. Stain  wont take to glue and u will be miserable.   If you are going to foam things in then also apply adhesive or even caulk to the back of the piece. Then only use the amount of nails it takes to hold it in.place until it dries. Less holes to try and hide makes the finishing waaaaaaaaay easier and better looking.
Sounds like Tom's feelin a little undah the weathah
Wonder a tiny bit if Tommy did the other window or she was on her own to get done.
What  happened to all the full season episodes? Is this show still going?
You didn't stain or seal it. It looks nothing like the other trims in the room.
هؤلاء  الرجال  عملهم  مميز  جدا  ومتقن
And another old one for the non payers...................................
If DIY I would have stained it after the dry fit prior to final fixing.
Looks good! I figured it would be easier and faster but that was a long process.
A very nice job.
yes it will
First
