I feel more relaxed and balanced ever since I started drinking Planet Ayurveda’s Arjun Tea daily
Joanna ,just love to listen to u ….lovely video
Booking
PLANET AYURVEDA'S DETOX TEA, IS GOOD FOR DETOXIFICATION
Very Nice Information. thanks for sharing. along with this we can use Arjun Tea of planet Ayurveda for more better results
I want to add 1 more easy to make tea .... You can take Planet Ayurveda's Detox Tea , easy to make and totally natural remedy
I absolutely love lemon grass tea, it is my favourite! Beautiful taste and aroma, I sometimes add fresh squeezed lime juice as well. I also enjoy a ginger, turmeric and raw honey combination...very pleasant to the taste and soothing in the stomach...
Excellent video. Thank you Joanna.
DETOX TEA is the best healthy drink I tried it from PLANET AYURVEDA and the results     are super amazing go for it guys you will definitely like it.     THANKS TO planet ayurveda
Such an honest human.. Joanah you are really blessed, n we are really blessed. To have you. ....stay happy dear love you a lot lot lot
You're the best joana!😍 Thank you for this beneficial video.. I already drink turmeric, cumin and ginger tea before my workout but I've never tried lemon grass tea! Can't wait to try it!! ❤
bless
It's good to eliminate the covid
Nice vedio 🌹🌹🌹
You look soo sweet and kind 😊
where do i get this lemmon grass?
Nice tips, will definitely try them out. Thanks
you're interested) without a doubt the most helpful guide i've seen. look at all the interesting information
I've been investigating detox help and discovered a great resource at Teatox Tactic Formula (look it up on google)
You’re so healing
Can I try chamomile and ginger together
i just love how at the end she said"aaaaaaaa i love the aroma of lemon grass"
I adore the sound of your voice.
https://bit.ly/2KIRPVU?-detox-juice
This is nice helpful tips, Thanks.
Could you tell me sagging breast lift up solution pls
Love to hear you😀
I love your videos!!!!!!
I just bumped into your videos. Already addicted. You're welcoming and easy to understand. thank you!
Ginger is really to our body, especially for girls. I don't like its taste for tea😂but my mom always forces me to drink it
How many cups i can drink this in a day ?
I lose 1 pound of fat every three days with this amazing tea https://bit.ly/2w7shLa
I love ginger tea, I try to drink it as much as I could when I have ginger with a mix of lime, with no sweeteners
I've tried many diets but for me only this one worked derpy.me/m9O7Q lost about 3 pounds in the first week.
oh am i too late? can i ask one thing, if i do all those teas in one prep, can i put them in fridge and just re-heat it? or it needs to be fresh all the time?
The Red Tea Detox - Huge New Weight Loss Offer For 2018! June Launch. You may get good result by trying this product. Please visit this link....https://bit.ly/2KiIBi2
Nice to mention that ginger will help cleanse your system out after self indulging. I've always tried to find a way to overcome that nauseating feeling after eating a lot during holidays. Would you also recommend more concentrated essential oils for steam inhalation therapy? https://www.naturesgardencandles.com/essential-oils
I used to drink lemon grass tea every night during college, and it helped me sleep so well.  It was the cheapest tea I could buy and tastes sweet enough without sugar.  I didn't realize it was healthy!
Hey,do you strain out the mixture of ginger and water,or do u leave the pieces in the water.if so,how long would you leave the ginger in the water for before drinking?😀😊thanks you.I'm going to try this out!!!👌👌
This is also a great way to detox/cleanse. I highly recommend checking it out here as it's free https://redteasolution.weebly.com
Thank you .😁 This is very helpful .
Love the lemongrass..I have essential oil..but the steam would be so much more enjoyable.. Thanks 💘 your channel.!!!
I straight away went to my kitchen and made turmeric-ginger-cumin tea just now! And I just realized the advanteges being an Asian descendant: I have all herbs and spices mentioned stored in my ktichen!
Joanna I like u very much plz tell me how can I reduce my breast size? Is any video on it?
Hello. Can I use the 3 ingredients in just one cup of tea? Thanks.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Do Joanna Soh reply to questions
Does the teas still have the same Healing effects if it was cold
I love listening to you. You speak very professional, very educated and your voice is very claiming.
In Pakistan, ginger and turmeric is used in almost every dish!! And we use lemongrass in our green tea daily :)
I use a piece of ginger and a spoon of turemic when ever I make juice, vegetables or fruits or mix of them. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome long time ago. I'm going to try the tea before going to bed.
what
I would love to know about golden milk
I am looking forward to getting healthier using your tips and diets! I do have one request! I’m new to your channel but my husband has the opposite problem I do. He is naturally skinny and wants to gain weight naturally. He EATS EATS EATS! Nothing gains.. we both have the same unhealthy diet. Only he won’t gain and I can’t stop gaining. Even using dietary remedies and working out! Your natural way seems to be the route I should have taken years ago. Unfortunately my husband can’t benefit from this unless you can help guide us in the proper healthy way to gain weight! I would be ever so grateful!
Please more videos on Asian cuisine I love this
I am glad I found your Chanel... so informative. Thank you so much
I am new subscriber😎
Helo you are chaines and me a Pakistani than we are good friends ❤️
Thank you maam soh nice and all of the 3 ill be try it.
Hey jo ..ur hair is very nice how to maintain.tel me secret??
Can it be drink like ice tea or does it have to be hot?
can i just drink one of these teas in an empty stomach and hit the gym/ exercise? thank you.
Can u mention what is the best time to drink lemon grass tea,  plz
Very informative and beneficial!! Thanks for sharing
It sounds really good.  I will try the lemongrass steam for my face.  Thank you I enjoy your videos.
I recently started following you and I think that you're the best !
you are amazing joanna..i am indian and i just love your videos. so motivating.
I love ginger tea I make my own until it ate away at my pot! :(
hey. I am in china.want to meet you.
hey joanna, i wanna ask whether when we're on period, can we still do it and drink it?
wow
thank so much
Hi Joanna, I m making the tea right now. I just wonder how long can I store the tea. In the fridge and every time reheat one cup?
Does green tea help?
what can we use instead of lemon grass?
turmeric tea smells very bad!!!!ginger tea is awesome
Do they sell lemon grass everywhere ?
why people even hate this video i dont get it... its good and helpful
I love lemongrass
Thank you for video
Hi Joanna. Thanks for the tips. I have two questions if you don't mind 1. Do you reheat the tean eveytine tourough the day? 2. Dies turmeric powder have no effect on the colour of the teeth? Thank you for answering my questions
thanks joanna
Very nice
will not the boiling water lessen the food value of ginger and lemon?
Thanks!
We Indians do all of these other than the lemon grass thing, instead we use lemon juice. My favourite during menstrual cycle is Cinnamon lemon tea. I boil some mintleaves, strain it and add some honey, lemon juice, and cinnamon powder. Girls It helps! you get all of that waste out, no bloating, no pain, blood cleansing, removes impurities etc. Pretty sure Asians already know about it.
thank u soo much for such a valuable video with so simple ingredients , it works !
hi my name is kavita i want a flat belly nut we have no lemon grass tell me how to get slim please thank you
Hey can I do a video to lose inches off your waist?
when you detoxing you body do you drink  these  tea on a empty  stomach without eating any foods
Love your videos! Very informative and to the point! Thank you!!!!
Thank you! This is so helpful.
just discovered your channel this morning and followed your workout routine! im now subscribed!!! keep it up! love your channel so much!
But can we use raw turmeric instead of turmeric powder???
Going to try these as well! Thank you I love your videos.
important information
thanks a lot joanna
👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
Hi Joanna, I really wanted to try these detox teas and was wondering how you would recommend making them with powder tumeric and ground ginger? Would I just put them in directly to the hot water then just drink it just like that? Thank you!
I love you accent it's so cute!!
You are so cute and your voice is very relaxing to listen to.
hi this is Abhijit my weight is 123 kg age 31 I have blood pressure and uric acid problem  I want to reduce weight how can I do  I have tried various gym  I do mma because I have uric acid I am off protein diet or u can say I am off diet can you help me with diet plan and exercises I also do cycling every alternate day for half hour. I am trying your detox tea from now on for month one more question I am Indian and we have normal tea you can say English tea  so should I stop that and start herbal tea
i m going to try it thnx
Would the addition of green tea make these more beneficial?  Thank you for the video.
@jonnah here in pakistan lemongrass is not available ? whats the substitute?
Thank you so very much for sharing! I'm going to try this for sure!
Great! I also dont like the taste of ginger! Perhaps I can get used to it, too :D
Thanks for this. I feel bloated often- especially when i eat raw stuff and cold food.  Im going to try drinking ginger tea everyday
+ Joanna Soh, Very helpful videos I drink ginger tea very often and cook most of my meals with tumeric. ginger makes my immune better.
these herbs n spices we use in our everyday cooking
i  dont  hve lemon grass
Can you make a pitcher and keep it in the fridge then warm it up to drink.
am going to try it now!!!!really helpful video...love u joanna
am going to try it now!!!!really helpful video...love u joanna
Love the combination of ginger and lemongrass..will try the inhaling process using lemongrass soon..
Amazingly informative video! I am definitely going to try out these teas, although I did start laughing when you began talking with a towel over your head 😂
Where can we buy turmeric powder ? Rarely see it or the real thing
i can't stop watching your videos 😍
Are you vegan ?
hey can you help me with a diet plan pls
I felt relaxed just watching the steam. Definitely trying the steam therapy!   Thank You Joanna, i love your eating habits. :)
detox is a myth tho
Hello Joanna - Thank you for sharing this. I made Ginger+Lemon tea and I just loved it. I am having this in the night everyday for the last couple of days and it makes me feel good. But now I have a question. Can we drink this ginger tea every day? Or should we space it out? Can you please let me know?
Can I use fresh lemon juice instead of Lemongrass ?
Thanks for sharing. I will be try these. Now I need to figure out where can I get lemongrass from.
Hi +Joanna Soh, I recently came across an another Detox drink,  Lemon and Baking soda Detox Drink. Some say it helps you in weight loss more effectively and you can drink it 2 times a day without disturbing your daily routine. I just wanted to ask you more about it. Is it safe? Is it ok for long term usage? What happens when you lose the weight... do u still have to continue with it?. You advice will be very helpful. :)
Best to drink in the morning or at night?
Joanna will you marry me?
I would love to give these a try! 謝謝妳，Joanna!
hey +joanna i need ur help . i want to lose wait but i can't bcoz i have sweet cravings most of the time and i lose my mind on that 😕give me some tips
Hi Joanna, I have a question for you. Is it good if I run for like 30 minutes and after that doing some legs workout?
I make ginger tea- use organic ginger- try not to drink it too late in the day though. I have been following your food recipes and exercise videos. I also make turmeric paste to add to milk at night. You are very knowledgeable and help many people. I am a health author and have much respect for you.
Hi Beautiful Joanna, i'd like to know if i can prepare that detox tea in the morning. I'll drink the 1 cup  first before work out and 1 cup after work out..... Can I put in the fridge the other 2 cups and just reheat it at drink before bed time? thank you!
hello joanna,im 14 and i have belly fat i want to lose it very badly,but everytime i do exercise i gain,what 2 exercise videos should i combime to LOSE weight?
Your videos are great! I'm doing your workouts and feel the burn!  What if you don't have lemongrass? Would normal lemons work? Thank you so much😊
hey! i have dry lemongrass can i use it toO ?
Thanks for mentioning about Ayurveda, being an Ayurvedic doctor I feel good about this mention .This method or recipe is called Faanata , in Ayurveda .
Hi Joanna, love your videos. Thanks for the detox tea recipes!
This is really nice you are amazing thank you so much for sharing your knowledge to us!!!
thanks for your response Joanna and I will keep you posted...I have a group of 5 women,  including me, on a challenge til April 13.  Of course it has to be a lifetime commitment not just 2 months.  We will be working out together as well outdoors when the weather gets better.  I'm excited about loosing the weight and having a support team!
i love lemongrass tea but you said it is kind of citrusy? i find it more like sweet... i wonder if it is the same herb :/
I drink tea (black and green) from sun up to sun down. Definitely will try these! Thanks Joanna! :)
So, this may be a dumb question, but do the lemongrass and ginger help just as much if they are dried? I have these lemon ginger tea bags that include both lemongrass and ginger root as well as other flavors and herbs, and I'm wondering if it will have a similar effect.
Hi joanna, huge fan n watched every video! Have jus com down with a cold so will try this! Plz can u do a video on healthy salad dressings plz, and a skipping workout- thank u
Thank you so much Jo. You've helped me a lot and I just wanted you to know your an amazing person. I hope you have a long prosperous life. Keep up your amazing work!
I had been using my own concoction, but now I have the secret to Asian slimness..thank for sharing...Mitch
I wonder how much ginger/tumeric you have to add for 1 or 2 glasses of tea? :)
When you make the turmeric tea with the turmeric powder, should you simmer it for 15 minutes like the lemon grass, or just add it to boiling water? Thank you for this video I will definitely try these.
I usually use ginger, green teabag,add a tsp of honey and calamansi juice. This especially works if I have headache, flu/cough or indigestion. Thanks for the tips!  I love your channel,much 😍!
I've been very sick for the past few days and I thought, maybe this can help my symptoms? So far, I tried the inhalation with lemon grass and I do feel better! (Not completely, but I can definitely tell the difference from before and after.)  Do you have a remedy for nausea?  Thank you for this video!
joanna ! How old are you ??
I drink chamomile tea at night and it helps me sleep, but i will definitely try these, thanks Jo.
Your my favourite healthy and fitness youtuber
I really enjoyed your video,  great information,  you are very inspiring,  thanks a lot for sharing!
What if I am alregic on lemon grass..than I use only ginger and tumeric?
This is so useful. I have lots of lemongrasses in my garden. I will try tomorrow ^_^ Thank You!
Thanks for getting back to me.  I appreciate your videos so much and I am so glad I found you! You are such an inspiration.  I thought you had stopped your videos because I hadn't found any with recent dates.  Im glad you still do updated videos!  As a result of finding you I have since started my weight loss.  I plan to continue so that	 I can be in the best health possible.  Thanks again Joanna!
Hey Joanna, I really love your videos and I´m a big fan of you since over one year :3 Could you do another breakfast video? Like: helathy breakfast, cheap and easy to make. That would be great x) Have a nice day!
I think honey lemon ginger. they make a salad dressing like that at restaurant and it very tasty. 😀
I'm sort of confused about how herbal teas both calm and relax you (to help you sleep) but also energize you (to wake you up in the morning)
Good tips, Thanks!
would it be fine to make a big batch of these teas and refrigerate them then warm them up when I drink it?
hi Joanna, thanks for the info.  could you let me know where  to buy the teas fresh?  Love ask your videos!  please keep them coming!!!!
I love herbs. I drink red raspberry leaf + lemon balm + chamomile tea often to relieve tension in the evening. I also love dandelion leaf and root tea to nourish my liver and body. You might like a book called Herbal Recipes for Vibrant Health by Rosemary Gladstar.... I love it! There are so many good herbal combinations and recipes for tea, steams, and more!!!   Thanks for your great tips!
i would try lemongrass tea
Love your videos and happy Chinese New Year! X
thank you for sharing.  Would like to try lemongrass, but doubt I can find it here in Texas.
Can I use powder ginger and lemongrass instead of fresh ones..?
Joanna, I think you're the coolest. 😊👍💯
This is so informative! Thank you! I'm going to try them all!
Such a great video😘
What do you do and eat that keeps your skin looking young,firm and radiant???? Can you make a video of what you do and eat please
My mom used to put a lemon grass plant in a table by my bed since I was little. This gave nostalgia.
What about Oolong tea?
turmeric with warm milk and pinch of salt taste good too i have never tried lemongrass tea  but worth to try
Loved this I've always done steam alone but without lemongrass now I will have to try that! And the tea sounds delicious 😋
Thank you sooooooo much for this video. I love these type of videos. Keep doing your amazing work. I love ALL your vids
I always drink Ginger +lemon tea every morning and before sleep!! That help me to sleep better
joanna how shld i drink it or how many tymz a day shld i drink to detox
thank you so much for sharing your tips . God bless
Thankyou so much for such a great info..
I think I combine all these with green tea every morning
Thank you so much for this information, and Happy Chinese New Year! I have a question, is it true that anyone living primarily in warmer/hotter climates shouldn't drink tea due to our blood being more acidic? I read somewhere that tea can actually have a poisonous effect?
its called tea should i make it with tea or its just a name?
I just realized that this tea is heaven! I wanna try it now bc it will definitely help me a lot
Absolutely gonna try it!!!
superb :)
Thank you so Much Joanna ~ ur such an inspiration for me~!!! All the best for you :*
i was the 10th
I was the 1st liker and the 3rd viewer! hehe thank you Joannah your vids are all the best!
