This is a fab parrern.. I've made a few always  pleased x
Thank you best explained pouch making on Pinterest
How To: Lined Zipper Pouch | Spoonflower + Sprout Patterns Lined Zipper Pouch :HOW DO I PURCHASE THE PATTERN?
i measure and cut fabric and linen the same lenght and still after i sew zipper   the corner wont match exactly . thanka for no editing your video to make look like no ever a mistake . 🙏
Finally a video that shows  how uneven the corner can get     even after measuring and cutting both the same lenght , bless your heart
What are the dimensions of the fabric?
Not only a pouch but  a pouch with an otiginal design 😉
You made it look so easy I will have to make one .... maybe Christmas presents...
Thank you for posting this! I’ve watched a few tutorials on how to do this and this one is by far the best!
I love spoon flower fabrics. I buy them from Etsy and they are gorgeous
i mean deaf fabrics
Hello there I am trying look for buy sign language fabrics so where is it and need phone please. i want to buy deaf fabrics. let me know name address and phone. thanks
I used this pattern to make an iPad pouch.  I stuffed in some foam padding before sewing up the lining!  Thanks so much!
Absolutely love your instructions on making this pouch. Easy to follow and so simple to make. Thank you.
How do i purchase the pattern for the lined zipper pouch?
I’ve been sewing for years and am just now learning how to sew zippers. After reading many confusing tutorials, I came across yours and it was so simple to follow! Thank you!!!
I’m having trouble when I try to match up the pieces to sew all around the outside - the zipper is difficult to fold in half, plus the main fabric pieces don’t seem to line up at the bottom -anyone have any suggestions? I did use fusible fleece to make it sturdier
D-oh! I fought with several different methods until I found yours! Oh my word! So easy and perfect! Thank you!
Can you give us the dimensions of the fabric pieces?
If rather see how to do this w/o having to use a special foot.
I received the Spoonflower Magazine and saw the ad to make this pouch.  So, after this watching this great video I am going to buy some of their fat quarters which is 50% off now and make some great gifts for Xmas.  Thank you so much for making this video and best one I have ever seen.
Wow! This is the easiest I’ve ever seen! Thank you🌸
It turned out really well, thanks for the tutorial
Your smile was very nice 🍧🍨🍫🍬keep smiling
Nice. Remember to turn the zipper tape toward the lining when stitching around the bag. Also It's really important to double stitch the corners - especially on the lining -  or the thread could pop from the stress of use.
Very easy to follow and understand. Thanks so much!
I'm making my wife a wallet and this video helped a whole bunch! Thank you!
This tutorial is very helpful...thank you!
I keep getting confused when putting the second pieces of lining and the outer piece. Ant suggestions.?
Your directions for this project are better than any I've seen. Thank you for your tutorial!
Not sure if I missed it or not- what is the material?
Very clear tutorial
I just ordered 5 zipper pouches today:) I can't wait to sew them up for Christmas gifts!
Thank you for sharing this. I'm definitely going to try it.
Such a clear tutorial and love the material! Thank you
Do you know how to avoid the dented in corners at the top?
very useful tutorial. I already have zipper pouches in my range of bags, made with my own "Paisley Power" fabric designs that I have printed by Spoonflower. Now I can make them even better! thanks Sprout!
