What's the problem with rockwool top and bottom
That looks expensive. I’ll think I’ll go with the pillow in a plastic bag method
A proper flexible or ridged liner would have completely eliminated all air loss. Once you seal the chimney cap you have no more opening unless you open the stove door.
What do you do if you get an ice storm or a heavy snowfall with the flu cap that's spring-loaded or the flip top one?
Where can I find that chimney cap that opens and closes?
More moving parts.  Will require servicing.
We have a fireplace that we don't use so we wanted to cover it up. We live in San Diego so we have wood exterior walls. But we don't want to completely eliminate the fireplace and chimney just in case, if we ever sell the house, we could reconstruct the mantle. Would it be a good idea to use something like this and then could we just demo the mantle and frame-in the opening?
Insulate the top and smoke chamber. Drill a hole out the side or base of the firebox and install an air intake. If the chimneys in the center of the house you'll have to install the vent to the basement and use the basement air for combustion. Never put a lock top of any kind on the top of a woodstove.
Love the fireplace!!! Gave me ideas for my own, thank you!!! 😍
Brick joints need to be repointed (i think is the term) they are huge air leaks too
Wow I hope this guys got done education on chimneys Or is out of the industry. This is nuts
OK. I watched this and read the comments below. What people feel and think about Larry's knowledge quotient are opinions. Facts are good: Opinion, well,  ...I am totally against crown washes on chimney crowns which were built incorrectly in the beginning. I think what one comment sharing person  meant when they said "cement" ... was concrete. Modern concrete is created by mixing  sand, aggregate, water and "Portland cement".  I also think reverse corbels, tricky twisting designs and revealing horizontal mortar joints  are an anathema to good chimney construction and are the major contributors to accelerated deterioration of the chimney. I question the installation which is without a wrapped SS liner and nothing  stopping the flow of air at the damper with kaolin fiber and a metal plate and an appropriately sized hole for the liner. This wasn't actually a typical fireplace "insert" install but is instead a wood stove set into the fplace. I would have treated it the same as a wood burning stove's vent connector into a wall or straight up into a metal chimney. One wouldn't leave an unplanned or unconsidered gap that air could pass through.  A top sealing damper on an airtight wood burning stove shouldn't be necessary if the installation had been done correctly.
YOU ARE GOING TO END UP KILLING SOMEBODY.
I know he didn't pull a permit for this shit show cuz it's fucked.  With all the actual pros commenting I'm shocked he has not taken this down.
You really should take this video down. It’s wrong on many levels. As a 26 year chimney sweep and went through Dr. Energy training. This violates a multitude of listings and minimum code requirements. “Millions of stoves were installed without problems “ haha! False!!
looking to get rid of my wood burning fire place. and add an electric fireplace. can i cut off my Chiney Pipe in the atic and Cap it there? i was hopeing to wait until i need to replace my roof to remove the  top pipe! can i do that?  or use it as just an ATTIC VENT until then?
Instructions from the Avasva site are perfect for beginners.
HI Larry, quick question, Assuming the stove door is closed when not in use, what extra energy saving does the cap do? The air from the room won't flow through the chimney as it is stopped at the stove door. My new fireplace takes air from a pipe leading to outside for combustion, so no air will be coming from the house unless there is an air leak in the stove door.
This is a terrible solution and has a lot of misinformation. What supports the liner once it's cut? How does it get cleaned afterward? A far better and more common solution is to seal the liner at the damper area with an insulated block-off plate and then to pack the top of the chimney with kaowool insulation, then cover with a proper top-plate that has a good drip edge. The top plate is sealed at the rim with silicone, just like has been used in this video for the top sealing damper.
You must fix  a registration plate at the flue where it joins the chimney this will stop heat loss and improve your "draw" on the combustion .. ;)
Wow!! By now I do hope you got your broken chimney stack rebuilt ;)
A 1" expansion of 40' of Aluminum implies a 169 deg F temperature swing from winter to summer.  That's a little extreme.
Question - How would you close up the space just above the stove to stop that air from going up the chimney while t is running?  I'm asking because as you said my rectangle damper that I keep closed is not very air tight and I would like to somehow make it air tight.  The great thing is that I do NOT use the fireplace at all.  We just put decorations in it for each season.
I have the exact same damper installed on my house and it is absolutely worthless.  I have a ton of air leaking through it and am actively looking for a better solution, which is what brought me to this video.  Avoid this product at all costs!
Again- Its not LISTED or TESTED this way-
By code, stainless steel liners that are connected to a wood burning or gas appliance, needs to be extended all the way to the top of the chimney. it should have a top plate and storm collar to prevent water from getting in. the easiest fix is to put insulation around the liner in throat/ damper area.
Wow.  What a mess. The chimney liner is typically supported by the top plate. Someone may have used the wrong type of plate, which should have had an airtight lip to seal to the terra cotta. Your "upgrade" process destroyed the existing seal between the liner and the top plate, and removed all structural support of the top of the liner. You have also removed the "spark arrester", which is a violation of California Building Code, and other local codes requiring it.  The spiral flue liner is designed NOT to have a large coefficient of thermal expansion and will (unlike your gutter example) flex inside the flue, not pushing the top plate up. Not sure why that flue liner is not also insulated, nor why there are large, unsealed holes where it penetrates the damper. You can blame the previous guy for having done it wrong, but now YOU are that "previous guy" who is responsible for the entire mess when it comes to the next annual inspection. Leaving the damper unsealed will continue to allow massive waste of room heat whenever the top damper is open, now that you destroyed the seal at the top.
There are so many problems with this that it is hard to start pointing out the problems. Do not follow the instructions here unless you want big problems.
that top plate that you removed is needed to help support the SS liner..  That flexible SS liner will collapse as soon as someone tries to run a proper size brush through it.  Several other things you talk about make me think that you do not really know what you are talking about. remind me to never call you when my house needs doctoring.
Hi Larry, I encourage you to check out www.csia.org for some great educational opportunities regarding chimneys and fireplaces. One course in particular, Chimney Physics, addresses many of the concerns you are trying to correct here in this video.
And lastly WHY oh WHY did you cut the stainless steel chimney liner below the top of the flue tile...That is against the manufacturers specific instructions and a hazard for the installation...I am so glad yo are not working on my home!!! YIKES
And we are just ignoring the second wide open flue tile??
why silicone/caulk the cracks?? Just restore the cement crown wash with either a proper cement crown or a proper Crown Sealing Medium by Saver Systems??
What do you or anyone else recommend blocking the space around the SS liner and chimney wall at the bottom of the chimney. I want to block that air space with something non combustible
Your the best
For someone that relies on such installations as a primary heat source that is rarely cooled down, more emphasis should be placed on sealing between the liner, damper, and the original flue. About the only time that chimney cap would be closed would be during the warm season months when the air exchange is not an issue. A good video otherwise :)
This liner should NOT have have been cut back. Bad advice plus you didn't solve the problem of heat loss while the stove is running. Glad this "Doctor" isn't working on my house!
Hanging the liner short of the top is a bad idea. You should have flipped the top plate and cut the liner flush to the top (or left it 1/2 over). Then you should have used the lock top over the lymance damper to fit best. It is always better to use the damper with the additional spark arrestor to stop ambers from flying out of the chimney. Those other flues are 13x13 I believe and top sealing dampers should be installed on those to from maximum energy savings. The mortar crown should be refaced and exterior sealed before those cracks get much worse.
You spent a lot of time explaining how BAD the efficiency is going to be when the wood stove is in use but gave nothing for how to fix it.  Sure controlling the air loss is important when stove is NOT in use, but give me something.
My parents' home actually has a separate little vent, made of very heavy cast brass (to be compatible with fireplace temperatures), in the floor of the fireplace, connecting to a grille on the outside wall. When you open the vent, it sucks the combustion air in from outside. Of course it's not perfect, but you can clearly feel that a good amount of the combustion air does indeed come through the vent. It can be shut when the fireplace is not in use. Has anyone researched these things?
Made the problem different, but still a problem.  If the liner had been installed correctly with a metal blanking plate at the damper there wouldn't have been an issue. Mineral insulation packed around liner at the base of flue and high temp calking around blanking plate would have eliminated heat loss and made it fire safe. When your new fangled damper is open heat still escapes around liner and there is still a potential fire hazard without the damper blanking plate. Was it inspected???
Fire blanket material?
Why not seal the gaps between the new flue pipe and old damper area with some insulation or fire blam
Get a direct vent insert customer! ;)
Larry,  I appreciated this video on chimney top dampers. However, I question the process of cutting off the stainless chimney below the top of the masonry chimney for a couple of reasons. Code: I presume that code is written for a reason. In Portland code requires the stainless chimney to continue to the exterior of the house. Air sealing: At my house  the stainless chimney cover yoke is siliconed to the masonry. When I blower door test the house. There is little leakage at the stove.
good video
