10% off at Squid Industries (The BEST balisong trainers worldwide) with link http://squid.bigflips.xyz Blade HQ is seriously an awesome company and is greatly esteemed within the balisong community. I'm very proud to be supported by them. Please check the Blade HQ links in the description for knives! You wont be disappointed.  Subscribe for new videos every Friday!  Love you all <3
Is it still a helix if I do a thumb rollover at the end?
honestly one of the best teachers in the balisong community
Bro was the only person that made me understand the thumb roll over in this form💀
After 3 hours of practice on a slow work day I landed it *once*. But thats cool cause now I know I can do it. Don't give up or make excuses people, you will nail it :>
Definitely recommend learning behind the 8ball first. Was really struggling with the catch in the middle but after learning behind the 8ball it was a lot easier!
Thank you Thank you Thank you! for this tutorial i have looked at so many others but i just couldent seem to understand which handle to catch how to move my hand or why😭 and this just made everything seem so much easier and understandable so thank you
The helix is NOT an advanced but love your vids Learnt the choker because of you
How to cut your hands (in style)
Why is this trick in advanced i learn it in like ten minutes
your mouth and lower half so much like sheldon cooper's from the big bang theory omg
just learn this (shittily) in like half an hour after not practicing balisong for like a year (i only ever learnt like y2k difficulty tricks) and oh god have i fallen back in love.
Duuude, this helped me figure out how to put combos together! You can loop this with behind the 8 ball so easily
5:51
I just don’t know how to do the index roll man I know how to do reverse chaplin but not how to index spin
Hi teacher!
I feel so lucky I'm hella new and learned this in one day 🙏🙏
bro i always catch the bite handle and have the blade facing me in the end i dont get it
my finger after test with real knife 🥵
more of the same stuff. "y2k to index rollover to zen rollover". I still dont understand how the heck im supposed to do that fast part where u go from the index rollover to the zen rollover. i rlly dont understand this but no one seem to care to help.
I was into this stuff about 3 years ago in freshman year and never could get this down, I was digging around through my junk drawer today and found my old trainer i received for christmas and thought of this trick, well now I'm here and can do it, thank you Mr. Flips, I'm glad I finally got it down
Thanks a bunch! Could you do a short tutorial on how to do the 0g index roll? I'm having a hard time since it doesn't hug your finger like the Behind 8 ball does so I keep dropping it or lose momentum
this is the easiest advanced trick to do
i'm a beginner and i mastered the chaplin and helix, with a cheap bali cause my parents don't wanna buy from squidindustries lol
Is there a cool way to get into pen grip before starting the trick?
9:40 So basically: Why switch handles, if you can switch them in syle?
This took me 1year to learn
sry my girlfreidn wrote that
Actually, my favourite combo is doing the behind the 8 to the Position to make helix and from helix to do the mint switch to reverse grip
this was not helpful at all
I thought this was a begginer move lol
Thank you so much dude i learned it after 10 minutes🔥🔥🔥 i remember times where i struggled 1 hour and then gave up hahahha
Wdym just do a zen rollover?
I kinda struggled with the index rollover for like 2 weeks or smth but i nailed it now tho
Gotta emphasize how important the motion of facing your palm down after the Y2K is, so much of the momentum comes from that, and I didn't realize how important it was up until today while practicing this move. But placing focus on it helps get the motion down a lot smoother. It's all in the wrist, as usual lol Now I just have to smooth out the index rollover > thumb rollover and I'll have mastered this one. My first advanced move that I'm close to cracking, thanks to your tutorial!
I did it first try I don't know if I learnt this on another balisong but
Ik I prob wont get an answer, but after learning the index roll, i skipped to the helix, and i somewhat got it, and i just felt that i could start an index roll and lead to a helix to make it look cooler, and i actually got it, thx for ur vids, 5 years later and its still so helpful
My thumb's bruised 💀
Lol, denn kann ich schon
I don't know the y2k or the open zero g Chaplin but I know the zen rollover😢
If ur using a live blade for the love of bob learn the zen rollover first
Also while your doing the trick to a circle with your hand the circle motion kind of speeds up when you do the last roll to end the trick and with each step you have to speed the motion up
after i watched this,i never failed a combo that has helix in it
Bro said "this trick can switch hanndles"   Pros who use ballisongs with no locks:😂   Really cool trick nailed it after 10 attempts
Yeah these are the best.  I really love that the tricks are repeated with slightly different explanations multiple times.  You can just do the trick at the same time as the video instead of constantly stopping the video or looking for a different explanation until it clicks.  This guy is taking bali flipping to a new level, makes learning a lot simpler and quicker!
definitely not an advanced trick😅
No way i went from doing a beginner y2k then suddenly a week later just learned an advanced trick
for some reason, i see this way easier than to do the "behind the 8 ball" trick
ur king man
Hey big flips do i need a lighter butterflyknife to do it??
Did it in a day its freaking awesome
I recently got mine a week ago and now i can do the y2k consistently and the zen roll over kinda so gonna try to learn this... idk how to do the chaplin let alone the zero grav one so prob gonna take me a few days to learn this at least
heel
That is not a helix
is it ok if i do horizontal Y2K at the end?
6 years ago helix was advanced now its like beginner
0:13
this is why I love your tutorials, I’ve probably spent the last 9 months trying this trick and with just the tiny little tricks like keeping low then high makes it so much easier. Grazie padre balisong.
Second day of owning a butterfly knife I did but not without scars
i have been trying to do behind the 8 ball for about a week and still cant do it but i did helix first try and find is so much easier than behind the 8 ball
Bro this is a lot easier than it looks it’s just gonna take some practice
Oh my this is so flipping frustrating
So a zen roleover a zero gravity index roll over and the a y2k rollover nice btw its easier if you already know to trick "behind the eight ball"
1 year ago I bought a balisong bottle opener just for fun it was 8 bucks. And now I just hit this f*cking trick with this wiggly ass piece of sh*t metal. This is really a fun "hobby"😂
I’ve been doing this trick for 6 months and I still can’t “okay sign” this one the same as I can with behind the 8 ball.   I am still catching it briefly before the zen rollover-wrist pass. Any tips to increase flow and not grab it or do I just keep doing it a thousand more times and eventually the grab between becomes non existent?
"I wish I had the safe handle!" *does a helix* "There we go"
look, the tutorial is good but you are wasting too much time repeating stuff, like i get it, i gotta do that lets just move on already
Your tutorials are so good! You are awesome ❤
surprisingly this trick is really easy
ok, so I recently bought a balisong from amazon and I don’t know where to get all of theese ”good” butterfly knifes like the squid but the one i got from amazon just cost me like 30 bucks and works really well. I know that it is prob a bad idea to do some harder tricks before you have the basics but I just watched your vid on the y2k and then I watched this ome and after like 25 minutes of training I can do this trick preatty much 100% of the time. Anyways, do you guys have any tips on both where to get a good trainer. hope you have a Great rest of your day. swedish dude, out.
Damn 7 months later I tried to learn this again and this is easy
Slow mo: 0:13
Not me getting absolutely wrecked on the wrist pass with all that speed I built up 😂
awesome tutorial picked it up in just 20 minutes!
Just figured out you can loop behind the 8 ball + helix and I've never been happier
The Helix is Easier than Behind the 8 ball lol
Спасибо за урок!! ❤😎
I did this before I could do the chaplin
This trick should be in the intermediate or begginer. If you can do a rollover, you can do this as well. Just need the control.
I’m a beginner and already got this move done
Bro i don’t understand the last part
I need help i cant do a zen roll over because idk how to get in the fingering
Im begginer and i learned this :]
um, instead of doing the index rollover like under can u not do it like under
Best trick imo
And after a couple of years of doing different tricks I’ve finally mastered this trick, I remember watching this years ago and wishing I can do it…. But you don’t get anywhere if you just wish, just do. Learn, master, and advance and I’ll tell you if you learn other tricks and familiarize your self with them it will make learning other tricks easier. Me and my cousin picked random tricks to learn from advanced and intermediate and got no where 😂. If this is too hard to learn just take a few steps back and get used to a easier trick before moving on with another harder one. As always much love, and happy flipping!
i just learned that i all ready was doing this in my combos lol
ong the best balisong trick, looks cool and is actually fun unlike other tricks.
thanks man i learned the helix quite good in like 1 hour
I confused with that last roll🤔
How is this different from behind the 8 ball?
High to low, high , low  Hello, hello, hello, how low? 🤟🤟🤟🤟🤟🕺🏾
I combined "zen rollover"| and "the spy"  and got rip off  helix lmao
the pivot washer/ bushing/ bearing?
Watched this and I still don’t know how to do it wtf
What helped me in the part where you switch between the index rollover and thumb rollover was this: When you start the index rollover, focus on pulling/throwing the bali towards you, so the momentum pushes it up against your pointer finger, then once you switch to the thumb, focus on pushing the bali away from you so the momentum pushes it towards your thumb. Since you had the knife moving towards you at first you need to switch to pushing away after to maintain that force pushing the bali against your finger so it doesn't fall off. So as you do index rollover think pulling in, and as you start the thumb rollover think pushing out
Let's go I already knew how to do y2k but I got a really scuffed helix after 10 mins. It feels so good tho
God I can’t do the zero g roll I keep messing up on it
I actually self taught my self this, I knew the y2k zen and index rollover and kind of threw em together, thought i made something up but it turns out i taught myself an advanced trick!
I cannot do this trick for the life of me
Im having hard time dping the roll around yhe index..amy tips?
I’ve been flipping for only 3 days and I just learned this trick
I got it and now I need to master it
This is so cool. I originally got into balisongs because I thought it would be something cool I could do to impress my friends. However, while learning this trick I was introduced to how satisfying and fun it is to do these tricks. I went into this hobby only to impress people, but now I genuinely love doing these! I started with a really cheap bear and son trainer, and I now have 3 trainers and 1 live blade. My favorite Bali is my squiddy. I love balisongs ❤❤❤
good tutorial as always. actually helix is just a harder but cooler behind the 8ball
Thanks to behind the 8 ball and your awesome tutorial this is pretty easy actually i find behind the 8 ball harder but thats maybe because i learned it first
This a behind the 8 ball but just starting from thr top
I've never been able to transition from the 2nd to 3rd rollover smoothly, but i can do them all separately just fine. I still have trouble with this trick til this day lol
I love how he looks at the camera while hes doing it at the start 😂
I didn't realize that I had been doing helixes after comboing an 8ball and zen rollover
another fun one thanks man
how to kill my knuckles part 1
Any tips for Zero G chaplins? I can never get them on helix or behind the 8-ball
this trick is actually self taught. i didnt know it existed. i just put 3 roll overs together. i thought i made up the helix but then i found it. i was super surprised that this is advanced
This is my second day using a Bali song and I can do this
The end is kinda hard
Thanks for the tutorial
Who else skipped a little of beginner and most of intermediate to do this trick lol
I’m a beginner but I really wanted to do a cool move like the helix so I learned the y2k, index roll, and zen roll and after some practice i actually got it
I learn the 8 ball in 10 mins because i learned the helix earlier (it took me 7 mins)
i did it the first time i tried it, ur tutorial is VERY easy to understand
After 4 hours of trying i finnaly can do every third try at least, thanks a lot
What knife is that
I know how to do this trick, but I just can’t do the transition from spinning on the index to the thumb. So I’ve just moved on to other tricks and will finish this some other time. Someday though…
this is easier than behind the 8 ball to me
This video really helped me thank you🤝
i feel like i was too invested in the beginner tricks and kind of intermediate tricks so it only took me 15 minutes to get a fluid one lol
This is way easier to learn than the Behind the 8 ball
Bro i wanted your tutorial..... Omg😱i did IT😁✌️
i got it in one day this video is amazing
This was the 3 trick i ever learned and that was day one
It’s not as hard as I thought it would be
Got my banshee v2 the other day and this baby rips these tricks, learned this in a solid 20 minutes. Thank you a ton Flips been following for years and finally stepped back into the hobby.
thank you bro😁❤
If you can do BT8B smoothly, youll do this in less than 5 minutes
Well to be honest I learned the trick in 2nd try I think I done this trick before I just forgot 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Great vid though you always inspired me to do butterfly knives tricks
Learning this with a 10$ knock off is like playing super smash bros ultimate with half a joy-con
still cant understand how this is considered an advanced move, the chaplin was a lot harder for me, the only thing hard about this is getting a fluid motion
While practicing this Helix move I discover a new move that called yeeting the living shit out of your balisong cause you can't do the trick
Helix isn't really advanced for me it's easy when you get momentum it's all about the momentum and I think bt8b is harder for me
I did it firs try only by watching the slomo but the second try I cut my hand and now it looks like I murdered someone😈🤣
much easier than behind th8 ball
Hey there, fellow bali flippers, I just want to ask if what would you recommend after I learned the Helix and also what Balisong or bali trainers do you recommend that's really durable.. Thanks to whomever answers this.
Rip cut my thumb bad
F this i cant
It’s funny  for the last step he said “your gonna want to” n jus did it without explaining.. (didn’t help)
I just started flipping and am working on the Y2K.  Instead of setting a general goal of "being good" at flipping, I've chosen the Helix as my test to advance from beginner status to let's say intermediate hehe.
This is a amazing tutorial but I have 1 question when I am starting the zen rollover the handle hits my hand. So is there a way that I have to try and position my pointer finger and thumb to make it so that the handle goes around my thumb.
anyone else here still using the cheapest ebay trainer they could find or just me
Ngl i learned this in under a week and it is easier than the behind the 8 ball
holy hell I got it  At first I thought the zen rollover was the hardest(out of the parts of the helix)   Then I thought it was the index rollover to the grip to zen rollover(I thought the zen rollover itself was easy at the time)  Now I think the zen rollover part is the hardest  So basically its finishing the trick off thats the hardest thing for me ;-;  Anyways I got it cool first advanced trick
Thank you so much bro, i get it in my fifth try
Somehow if you know how to do the behind the 8 ball you know how to do this instantly
0:13 for reference don’t mind me
Are you sure this is advanced? I have been Flipping for about 3 months and the last trick I learned was the behind the 8 ball. I just looked to see how you did it and I did it within about 10 minutes of watching this. I just wanna make sure where I am in my flipping. Thank you 😌
Your a beast new vids man! Please
As soon as I learned the y2k and zen I tried to learn this trick right after. I got it, but only after half a month.
my hands cant do the second roll
why can i do this but still can not fan
Literally learn this less than a minute cuz its almost the same as behind the 8 ball
4:26 that’s aged well. Left this video last year thinking it was impossible. Came back after learning the behind the 8 ball fully and confidently, and know crushed through the helix.
How the frik do I do the zen roll over with the grip like that?!?? Your other video doesn’t show with that grip
I dunno why but this is easier than the behind the 8ball, right?
This has always been my favorite because it’s one of the first tricks I ever learned
0:20
This is the only trick I've cut myself learning but so worth it
✨Магия✨Magic✨
I keep getting hung up between the zen to the thumb rollover, I think my middle, ring and pinky are getting in the way.
i got it in a few hours of practice thanks!
This is one of the coolest tricks I've learnt to pull off so far (been practicing balisong tricks for a few months now)
This is the first actual trick i learned, a part from the basic open and that basic stuff, it took about 40 minutes to do a sloppy one, and i was so absolutely happy that time
-.- sometimes sit annoying how he covers every small thing when I already have what I need but when I don't get something and he doesn't explain it its a bit annoying cause I'm not sure how to do the 3rd part even though I can do the Zen roll over
Thx soo much I did it
Got my first one
i pinched my middle finger so many times on that zen rollover but now im on step 2
after all the recaps, and no practicing beforehand, I did the trick FIRST TRY. Big Flips for the win here
Is it possible to not cut myself during the learning process?
I have a problem where on the last step I keep hitting the safety handle with my index finger when I try wrap it around my thumb for the zen roll over its very odd.
Enemy: Provoking me Me: pulls a helix roll Enemy: Understandable, have a nice day °backs away slowly°
Does anyone have any tips on making that transfer from the 2 roll to the 3rd more smooth?
you know i should probably do the beginner flips before the advanced
Thanks made a bet with a friend that i can learn it in under 10 minutes with a crappy knife
i did the y2k rollover at to much of an angle and now i cant have children
Ive learned all of my tricks from you. Just wanted to say thanks! I love my spins and rolls. So i look for those tricks mostly. Im glad you do them! Very helpful.
I’ve been trying at this move for weeks now and it’s been one of my favorite moves since I was 13 and never could do it and I’m now 28 and finally just got it down for my first time thanks to your help. This shit isn’t easy and anyone that’s trying dont get mad. Get a feel for your knife and understand where it’s going to go and just go step by step and get each step down. It honestly took me hours to get down and I’m still sloppy with it but it feels good. Keep at it
How do I do exactly what you say and end up in a different place
I’m so confused on grab with your three fingers like what
are you Simple？  LOL
i tried this with my new knife and my finger fell off
I came for the thumbnail
Nie gadaj tyle
damn bro outro fire u deserve a sub
I learned this for a day, great tutorial!
By the way you can combo this after the behind the eight ball
This is my favorite trick
After 30minute i got it
Ngl from every video u make I only learn the teicks from ur slow mo scenes
you sound like dream
Imagine getting cut with a trainer.
that index and thumb rollover at the end is so hard
Damn, I thought I made this up😔
Mike shake already nailed this trick
Im confused by the last roll
Omg thanks for teaching me how to do lots of tricks for butterfly knifes
Why is this easier than the CSGO open
This video may be 4 years old, buy i still cant do it i dont understand how u spin the knife around ur fucking index im frustuarated as hell
Eventually , you can do an infinite helix when you do step 2 repeatedly bruh
Oh i suddenly discover this trick and i think that i invented this. Until i found this video :'( sorry for my bad english
One question: the second y2k thumb roll is on the bite side handle. Is this trick doable on a real balisong ?
That's cool, but why is Big Bird in the thumbnail?
learned this one quickly thanks to you you make these tutorial look easy
me who just started to get to flipping a year ago but stopped and only knew zen roll over : *Me learn*
this wasnt too bad to learn after I got down behind the 8 ball, even learned it with a live blade
took me an hour to perfect 8ball, yet its been weeks and i cant do a consistent helix..... its like the exact same motion man i dont get it XD
I really like these tutorials and the trick isn't as hard as I thought all I learned like in 10 minutes, I just need master it now
Poggers for God..,
damn this was easy to learn and it feels so nice to do the title is so accurate
Thx bro im on week 4 of flipping and I watched all prior vids thx for the lessons Edit: im using a bear and son 114 I think it was 40-50$ on blade HQ if u were wondering
Tysm your tutorials are so useful that I got it instantly! Still can’t do the bt8b though 😅
Looks like the 8-ball lol
Is advanced better than intermediate?
4:32
The index zero g chaplin part is quite hard but once you get that down the trick is quite easy, its a very fun trick you should learn it after you learn the first few intermediate tricks
I practice for like 3 mins and get it am I doing it wrong?!
That trick takes me 20 min😂😂😂
My first friend!
Hi just wanted to say ur a great teacher and ur great at teaching the basics :)
Idk if I am just good at learning things quickly.. but my 2nd day of ever flipping (May 4, 2021) I have already partially learned Behind the 8 ball and helix. I can do them just not consistently.
Wtf some channels say begginer some medium ans some advanced which is it god damn it
This is not advanced
cant see video very well with all the blood on my screen
i’ve been practicing rollover combos with behind the 8-ball for such a long time that i can do the helix first try and have already been doing it without knowing it.. good stuff
Bro thank you so much. I got my knife two days ago and learnt this trick in like 30 min. You earned a sub
Can i do index vertically ?
I practiced a few hours and i did it😱 cut my finger and left 3
I like when he’s at the start and says, I’m going to do it slow motion fast motion, thought it was funny.
Hey, when I do this I can do the first y2k, then the finger rollover, but I cant seem to understand what movement s you have to do to get to the position where you can do the half zen. I can do the zen starting from the position easily but I can’t seem to bridge the gap between the two parts. Can someone help me?
This surprisingly took me 1 day to learn, thanks to you!
Well, i got my first balisong 2 days ago and I'm already able to do this trick haha. Is it normal?
Before I got my balisong I thought this would be easy, now I realise how hard some tricks can be. I have mad respect for the people who can do all these cool tricks with ease.
0:12 slow motion 8:10
I have no idea what the 3rd step is, u said to practice a zen rollover but they look completely different to what you did
thanks so much big flips!!!
I got it really clean after like 30 mins and i've been having a balisong for less than a month. Probably because ive learned how to behind the 8ball today Edit: I've cut myself in 7 spots today
Instructions unclear: I am the proud owner of seven fingers
Wait isnt this just mixing the y2k to go into the index finger roll to get into an 8ball?
i just did my first advanced
when i saw u do the helix, I feared worse than watching the most scariest horror movie
Thank you, practiced for like 5 hours to get a hold of this trick
Everytime I try this one I get to the last rollover for the zen I can’t complete it like start the spin I can only end up grabbing the safe handle again like I’m doing it as you are supposed to but it doesn’t roll the right way? Help?
i recently started balisong flipping and i already almost got this trick down
I learned this faster than intermediate level tricks
I got this trick but I can’t do sinister’s roll?
Catched the knife instead lucky im using a trainer-
I have been trying for an hour now... kill me
The helix is easier then the behind the 8 ball. dude
Youre so slow dude....
Bought a 16 dollar amazon practice balisong. Got this in the first 3 hours and by day 2 it's 'almost' second nature
0:12
It's if my two favorite tricks (The Hellish & The Behind The 8ball) had a child, and I love it!
I'm 14 I'm a beginner and it took me only 3 1/2 hours to do this perfect 😃😬 thank you😁
Good thank bro you best tutorial
Flipping has given me the biggest love hate relationship with my hands, I love em cause they can ALMOST do it, but I hate em cause they just won't cooperate with exactly what I want them to do 😂
Imagine swapping the latch to be on the safe handle on someone’s Bali
I was so close to learning this trick after 3 weeks then I broke my wrist
I can do this but I can’t do a lot of the beginner tricks. Damn.
Tytytytytyty so much I finally learned how to do helix
That is harder than every advanced trick
heh when u learn the helix on your second day of balisong but cant do a simple open aerial
id say this is an intermediate trick lol
0:13 0:13 0:13 0:13
I can’t transition to the third rollover right. Any tips?
Literally took me a month to learn the zen rollover but 2 days to helix
0:13
learning this a few weeks after buying my first trainer, going not so well to start off lmao
I always go High low High low with this trick
I cant keep momentum after I switch my index for my thumb, I can do the rest of it
This is so similar to the behind the eight ball I kept trying to do that trick instead of the helix
How tf do I ace this, an advanced trick. Yet I can't do most of the intermediate tricks T-T
This is my first advanced trick
Wait I've already done this I didn't even know it was a move lol. Sick.
I think I'll stick with behind the 8 ball
This is the first trick i learned when i was a beginner. LOL i didnt know that it was advanced. I learned this trick after practicing for hours.
now whos ready to find this RED spy?   *right behind you.*
Bit his lips on the helix part lmao
0:19 THAT PART WAS SO CLEAN
This is literally my 2nd day of trying a butterfly knife and I did it😎
I got it done in three days
thanks bro, got this on my 2nd day of flipping this video helped alot
0:11
0:14
Thx, got the mechanics, now just gotta get that muscle memory to get it smooth, thx for the vids bro
what the hell, i just did this on accident
Literally learnt this  1 hour after getting my knife
Bro, my trainer is WAYYYY too heavy to do this crap, been trying this for hours and my hand is bruised af 😭😭
His slow mo was my fastest
Wow. I can’t believe it... I started doing Balisong around a year ago and I remember one of my friends who were doing it with me showed me this trick. I thought it was amazing! So I said to myself that I’m going to try my best to learn this trick. And after learning many rollovers and many tricks later I started to get into comboing. I’m quite good at it now especially when I self taught myself comboing.  Recently I learnt Behind The 8 Ball thinking that this would help me learn Helix. And it sure did! After a year of hard work and commitment, I have done it! Just now I have mastered the Helix! And it’s all thanks to you Big Flips. Thank you so much for helping me throughout this journey and I really enjoy your content. Keep it up 👍
I kept on watching your vids and I was like am I subscribed? I saw it and smashed the like button, sub, and notifications on
i do this trick at 2 try lol
the initial motion comes pretty quick but it takes som practice to get it smooth
Who else thought this move is easier than behind the 8 ball?
Am i the only one who thinks the helix is easier than the behind the 8 ball?
This dude can stretch a 2 minute tutorial to a 10 minute video
i did not know the helix is advanced cause I did when I  was a beginner     btw nice tutorial
Sick tutorial. Didn’t think I would actually get this!
second trick I learned lol
this trick actually easier than 8ball just swing is hardly u actually got it very fast and look cool
Is there anyway to do with without having to do a zen rollover? I dont feel like getting fucked up practicing.
U taught me something
I got this down in an hour and i got it on video i was surprised af just got my butterfly knife today too
lol i got this and behind the 8 ball in the same day, good times
I can do the classic Helix, but holy shit I'm trying to do the variation starting with a Zen Rollover and it keeps on scraping my hand (thank God for trainers), honestly I should have purchased a straight trainer to practice tricks instead of a CS:GO knife replica because these curved handles are messing with me with anything involving twirls and the Zen Rollover
Bro the index role is the hardest part for me
0:13 timestamp for a thing
greetings from the place where balisong is born,philipines!
I was so confused on the part when you go to a Zen and I tried  to see how you do it over and over again and then I finally saw how it was done
I am now the master of all rollovers. (🤏🔪flipping noises)
My first advanced trick :)
If you found this comment....... u are E P I C C
The last part was hard
I wanted to do this trick but it looked hard, but when I tried it it wasn't that bad. Thanks.
Ngl I thought it'd be way harder
0:13
Thank you so much my family thinks it’s cool
Im a beginner but i think this will be pretty easy for me
Anyone know what knife he's using here?
0:12 so satisfying to watch.
I did it like 8 min in the vid and took me 1 week to do it smoothly soo yahh
such a pain n the ass w/a damn 67!!
Hey I'm having trouble at the end when you catch after the index roll I try to do it but i dont get enough momentum. I have to stop at the end of the index because I get stumped
took me 45 min to learn lmao thanks
I got this in about 7 hrs it was pretty confusing
How not to cut finger?
It's just a y2k/zen rollover combined with behind the 8 ball
Im a beginner and I got the helix once, it was very sloppy but i got it. Only after a week of learning the zen rollover
Thanks so much this tutorial helped me alot.thanks so much
literally can do all of it but the zen at the end, i know how to do the zen rollover, but the safe handle keeps hitting my fingers when i spin it around my thumb
Put the slow motion in 2x speed,  it looks so clean withought the motion blur
I went from barely learning the first opening trick, to the ferris wheel, and now this one, and I am not having any issues. (The only catch is that I'm using a practice one xd.)
Another great demonstration! I've learned most of my moves from your uploads lol. Thanks
I need help at the move, for the zen rollover. I cant get the knive up Can you help me?
Idk what to do on the last part because it hits my fingers every time
This guy is seriously an excellent teacher.
First try let’s go
Had some trouble with the zen at the end but I got it
Help I can’t get the second part can you help me please
(Helix is a beginner trick)
I cant do the part after the y2k any tips?
Hey Big flips, i got my first balisong about a week ago, i almost mastered the helix just the last part of the Zen rollover is messing with me, any tips on how to get used to it ?
I taught myself the helix on accident by trying to do a zen rollover and branch into the behind the 8 ball, and when I did it I was like oh shit, did I just learn the Helix on accident 😂
So pretty much a thumb rollover, an index rollover, and then a zen rollover.
Change camera position please thats fucking shitt
Absolutely brilliant! I learned this move in like 5 minuets from this tutorial, thanks man
Idk why but this was really easy for me to learn
i lost a thumb
I am fairly new to balisong flipping, I got into it a few months ago and so far I really like flipping as a hobby. So far I have only had cheap knives from wish and grindworx, and I'm looking to get a more expensive balisong. I was thinking of getting the same knife you have, but I wanted to see if you recommend any other balisongs in around the same price range before I got it. If you could recommend a good balisong I would really appreciate it. (Love the vids btw. I've learned almost everything I know from your videos.)
you are amazing at giving tutorials, i'd still be a beginner if it weren't for you :) :) :) :)  p.s. i love this move so so much
Yes. The best balisong trick ever. And amazing thumbnail ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Sorry im a little retarded. How does it loop again?
I think I’ll just save this one for later
So fricken helpful! Thank you!
This move took me a whole week to get I kept think of it as a orbit and kept cutting myself
No offense, I love ur channel but u didn’t do a very good job explaining it and I’m getting super frustrated pls help
Wait is this beginner or advanced?! I’m so confused
Can you show your knifes??
Learned it after the slow mo at the start, simpler than i thought
I've gone nuts trying this. I've gone nuts. I can't do it - I just can't and my brain can't take it anymore. It's been hours. Maybe even days. What do I do now? I've hidden my balisong so I don't beat it up out of rage and insanity. Pls help me. I need to learn this but I'm almost gonna explode. help
The tips at the end showing how to endlessly repeat and index roll to swap handles while still doing a trick are the best things about this one. Those are things that typically take some experience before you think about them. Thanks, man.
waiting on my Triton to come so i'm learning this on a shitty amazon knife with no zen pins lol
Ok so I kinda made my own variation of helix were you do the thumb rollover instead of a y2k then you go to to the zero g index roll then zen rollover please tell me if this is an actual trick or not
I managed to cut my hand with my trainer so i said whats the piont and grabbed the sharp
i cannot do left handed confusing intruction :(
this is easier than the behind the 8 ball
Why was this trick so easy
piece of cake after learning the 8 ball First trick ive learned without cutting myself I think.
This shit is impossible
The zero g chap is hard cause i got a squiddy😂
This is actually a behind the 8 ball
I cant do the y2k because of my butterfly knife design, if i try to spin holding the bite handle it clamps on my thumb
I can’t get the transition to the zen rollover
So god damn fast.
Thought I was all cool two nights ago with the sons butterfly doing a very very quick basic basic flip or whatever. Was like wonder if there any other ways to show off. Not even gonna try this havnt been this frustrated since battle toads days. Damn near spiked the knife just like I spiked the NES controller the way I would after 106 yard super bowl pick off game winning TD.
I cant get the ending, I'm not getting the last thumb roll? Someone please help lmao
Awesome! Thank you for this video
Putting my index lower actually helped me swing the bottom handle up much easier
I stuck at chaplin! Someome teach me or give me the link on how go spin with index
After I learned the behind the 8 ball trick this came a lot easier. Great tutorial
I feel like your knife is 30x lighter than my
still can't do a thumb rollover, idk what i'm doing here.
He didnt even look at the knife wtf
0:20
Me in 4:57 rip
I can confirm that this is a working method but very risky way of getting girls
omg cool
Videos make ez to learn
You teach these moves very well. The slow motion really helps a lot. I finally got a Squiddy to practice on. It makes it a lot easier. Thanks
Cool!
0:13 0:13 0:13 0:13 0:13 0:13
Behind the 8 ball is harder, or is it just me
Dude, I am pissed. You owe me money now for having made my god damned eyeballs fall out of my face holes and they landed in my Dr Pepper!! Now I have all of these eye-doctor bills and YOU sir are going to pay for it one way or another. Your moves and skill should not be filmed because its too wicked awesome for human eyeballs to witness. Be expecting to hear from my lawyer soon.
Suprisingly I just needed to see the slow mo and i got it     Also big flips thanks for making your tutorials 90% or more of the tricks ik I learned from your vids
How many time I have cut my fingers  🔽
Can someone please help I can do the ytk roll and the spin on the finger but then I’m have trouble transferring it to the zen roll please help
Your the best
its so hard to do the second step with the finger roll, any tips?
This helped me so much, thank you lots. I couldn't get it down but this made it so easy.
I quit ...     JK
i always fail at the index spin
i used to flip years ago and i want to get back into it but i cant find my knife
I like how while I'm doing this trick I cut myself with a trainer. also the trainer broke ..
First advanced trick learned  +1 respecc You make it easy to learn :)
Is it weird that I can do it in 10 minutes but still can’t do a icepick aerial?
I can do this but I can’t do an index flip properly
nice channel without you i will be noob with bali :D
Like si no entendés la última parte del Helix
i am having trouble on the transition to the zen rollover help please ;-;
Thx bro its an awesome trick but im not even major yet ;-;
A slow motion fast motion amazing
thats a good tutorial
Your vid is better than we are artsea's I learned it first watch on this one had to watch her vid about 6 times before I came here. watching your tutorials  from now on =]
I can do it but it looks bad if I do it,i dont know why but it looks glitchy or something
Tf.. How do you expect me to do a Zen in dat position.. I didn't learn Zen in that position
I kinda taught myself this by accident, good to know the name
Is it weird that I find this easier than the behind the 8 ball?
Oh it’s just an 8 ball but backwards
I can't do that like u. im stuck at 0:21
0:21 👌
Good guide! Learned Helix after 15 minutes c: Great job!  Like from me.
5 hours later but I got it
so zen under zen
Could you give me some advice? I can't do everything in the helix but I can't make it flow with the index to thumb switch any tips?
Im Almost Learning It
Awesome i learned this trick this is My favorite butterfly knife trick
help i do the same thing but without touching my thumb and making the circle hoop but its a same rollover finish motion  why cant i touch my fingers and make the grab instead of it spinning round my thumb
You are amazing at teaching you have helped me so much
I challenge you all to do a helix       with your left hand
I was practicing this trick and my pin broke in half FML
0:12
Dude I love your tutorials, thank you
Somehow I did this trick first try. But then the behind the 8ball took me 2 hours last night
is this even possible with a curve butterfly knife?
Thanks! I practiced everyday for a month, and finally got it! Thanks again! Subscribed
Hey man, I know this video is over a year old now but I've watched a lot of your videos and all of the tricks that I know now are because of you. I got into Butterfly Knives a little while ago but never knew any tricks. Later on, saw you and learned a bunch of neat tricks, I learned how to combo them myself. I think I did a pretty good job on them. This is the first "Advanced" trick that I've learned. I say "Advanced" because some people don't think it is advanced. You do a great job explaining how to do the trick and what to do. Love your videos! Keep it up!
Why is the Helix Advanced lol I can't do a basic aerial half the time but I learned the Helix in my first week of flipping lmao
That would be cool if u explained the whole trick instead of teaching half of it then telling us to go to a different video if we didn't know how do the ending
Honestly the second rollover is the coolest (my opinion)
I mean, it's cool because it chains into 8ball which chains into itself.
I have a real balisong and I cut my thumb off
The Christmas curse
My mom is krampus
00:13
Thx Big Flips I've been watching your video from beginner to now and this was surprisingly easy for me, thanks my dude!
My very first advanced move thank you so much for making these videos
These advanced tricks are almost making rage quit on balisongs
Ik everyone says its easy but for me its super hard
Any tips on 0g chaplin?
having troubles going from index to thumb... Any tips??
this is probably one of my favorite moves to watch. it's so super fluid and elegant
Learned!
Many many thanks !!! For all those videos ;)
I JUST FIT JUST GOT A FLIP FINZ AD TUTORIAL FOR HELIX XD
i just learned this thanks for the tutorial!
holy shit i learned it immediately  still need practice dou
really wanna start any advice
Advanced...?.Learned it in two minutes
Dude I was doing this just the other day and I didn't know it's an actual trick
Who else finally did this at 365 times?
This trick makes me wanna kill myself
I can do all three moves without a problem- first and second without a problem.. but the transition from the second and third move is giving me a really hard time lol... 3 days trying now at about 4 hours a day!  any tips? am i catching it incorrectly at the end of the second move? Peace
Thanks buddy, i learn perfect helix in 2 hours. Greetings from Poland <3
I did it! Now i should wash off the blood on my hands... P.S: awesome tutorial as always :)
You helped me learn a lot of your tricks. Thank you very much !!!🤘
Is it normal to be able to do this but not behind the 8 ball?
Hi, Im stuck on the 3rd part when you switch to the thumb and do the thumb zenroll over. Any tips?
I can't do the finger twirl or the second zen roller over
omfg i can't get over how fun this is! great tutorial :) keep it up!
Is it bad that I'm using a baliyo XD
thanks so much for this!! :O
wtf. Got an ad for flipfinz on how to do the helix. What is google deepmind. (flipfinz are a new kids balisong sold commercialy)
Got this 1 fast,after months of watching your videos for 8 hours a day I can say jam yet to getting it down well ty
i cant get the last roll and i think im doing something wrong but i don't know what. i can figure out how to exchange my index finger to my thumb
Is it ironic I got an ad to teach me about the helix
Thank you so much
Nice i learned it😊
Ez
This is kind of like a hardcore zen rollover
You are good at Bali knives, and good at teaching. Subbed.
I just cannot do the last part. Like I can’t see or something it’s just not happening when I follow what you do.
This isn't too hard!
Thanks !
0:21 he got us all.
What knife do you use?
The 12 people who disliked the video have up on this trick
Hey so any help on my problem would be super appreciated. My problem is that the first and second rollovers are perfect but when I start the third one I can't make it fluid like there's always a slight pause between 2 and 3
I got into flipping very recently, and partly thanks to your videos I'm addicted now. Also, a week after learning to open a balisong, today I did this on my third try.
0:13
HOLY SHIT pause at 0:22
Im a beginner why am i trying this ?
Your confusing me with the third one big time
Normally don't leave comments. Just wanted to say good job with the videos man. Learned a few new tricks.
Always wondered what knife you were using :)
Thank you so much I learned this trick so fast because of this video :D
This trick was easy for me because i learned the behind the 8 ball first
Weirdly this was easier to learn than the behind the 8 ball
wow this wasfor some reason easier than a regular chaplin lmao
0:12
Hello, excellent tutorial... having a problem smoothing out the last roll over any tips?
This was so helpful I learned how to do this in a hour and a half which was quick for me so I'll be recommending your channel to many ppl thx
I think a lot of people will agree with me that bt8b is harder than the helix. Helix is my favorite move though.
I  having trouble getting down the zen rollover part like I'm confused on how I and supposed to do it in that position 😫
So basically it's a thumb rollover into an index rollover into a thumb rollover into a catch
The helix is not hard.
Of course im going to need a trainer because knowing me i might end up doing the suicide drop
can u make a reverse helix please?
Funny thing is, after about 4 attempts, I got it down. I just remembered the Y2K, then the zero G, and finally the behind the 8 ball. I had a pretty nice grin on my face afterwards :D
Question! To do it continually, are you just repeating TWO of the THREE rollovers? Aka u get rid of the last part of the 3 steps ?
Yo I commented on the fan video and I'm just skipping most of intermediate and going straight to this lol
Really nice video. Thanks to you i understanded this trick. Thank you ❤
What butterfly knife trainer do you suggested
I find this trick easier than the behind the 8 ball
What is the knife you use for every video and is it a trainer?
My first advanced trick I have ever learned coming from a great teacher 🙏
Am I the only complete beginner that just jumped straight into and can now complete this trick ? XD
Very nice tutorial, tyvm.
helix is advanced? huh
y2k rollover?
what knife is that?
0:21 this is for my practice.
if you read this pls tell me what i should. do to do corect 3rd roll i cant see this on video
Hey man! Love the videos and please keep em coming. Have a little question for you, do you think cheap balisongs and a quality one makes a big difference when trying to pull off tricks? Thanks! :D
Its really hard to do the second rollover :p
I do this all thw time while I walk around my town lol
Thanks! This trick is not as hard as it looks and very very cool. 🤙
Is it bad that I got my first butterfly three days ago and can already do this?
just got the BRS BareBones after ive been using a much cheaper bear and son. Time to lose some fingers.
This was the third move I learnt l:
dude awesome vids, really good stuff :) also, holy shit that's a cool knife where do i get one i want 20
do a video on a blender tutorial
I have a very important request that requires a lot of money. BigFlips, can you buy a replicant from BRS and then buy a Replicant clone and test out what the differences between cheaper clones and the actual balisong?
u should make a instagram for like  crazy combos and stuff on your channel you never really flip u just do a tutorial
awesome tutorials man
just got back learned it from this video
hey I've been watching your videos and really enjoy them. I got my butterfly knife from bear and the bite handle is too tight  I've been playing with it for 3 days and it won't loosen up. any tips for me?
10% off at Squid Industries (The BEST balisong trainers worldwide) with link http://squid.bigflips.xyz Blade HQ is seriously an awesome company and is greatly esteemed within the balisong community. I'm very proud to be supported by them. Please check the Blade HQ links in the description for knives! You wont be disappointed.  Subscribe for new videos every Friday!  Love you all <3
In the  future if you don't want to do a trick video could you do a video about ways to tell if a balisong is cheap by the sight of it or something like that
I just want to say thank you for all of your amazing videos and teaching me and your other subscribers amazing tricks I wish the best of luck for you
I'm about to buy a good balisong but I can't decide! I like the slower intricate unique flips lever just the super fast ones so I like the weight and I'm stuck between the brs alpha beast, benchmade 51 or the new 87 coming out. What do you think I should go with
I like how he jumps into the trick unlike most people who fucking sugar coat it by talking about the trick.
Mr Big Flips, thx for teaching me Helix. It is my favourite trick, I watched so many videos about Helix and I don't get it. YOU saved my life of balisong-ing. Thanks you :D. PS : Did you read my email I sent to you ???
I learned this forever ago, but I'll still watch.   Do you get ad revenue?
Your welcome is there any tricks u can do with 2 buterfly knifes at ones 😎👍🏽
Is it possible to do this on a bali that has tons of play??
a reverse choker tuto i cant get mine fast and smooth 😕 and im buying a macace covenant 😄
Great tutorial as always but here's a thing that is really hard for me to cope with: what do I do if my thumb hits the blade at the end of the 2nd rotation? Love your channel, cheers from Russia my friend!
i hate the helix :/ cuz the weight from the open rollovers is way different to the bt8b, ( bt8b​ is my fav trick tho :) )
https://youtu.be/1eqz_P7lYkA  good video
Sick👍🏽👍🏽need some new tricks to learn 😂😂😂
I can zen rollover, but I'm still a intermediate can I do this trick?
already learned it
can you make a video on tips on how to maintain your butterfly knife and how to make it move smoothly?
Do the reverse helix
Fr tho dog when I was learning this trick all the other tutorials sucked balls. You actually break it down and give us tips. Keep up the good work man
Ohhhhh man this is my favourite trick. I learnt it as my 3rd or fourth trick. Thanks daddy
I didn't know helix is an advanced trick. I thought it was an intermediate trick because i learn this the second day i got my trainer.
Too bad my balisong broke :(
Fucking merked...
Wait a sec why is everyone is racing who's first? Me me first xD
Quit AmericanYang for this vid :D
Helix is advanced? Wuut :D i learned this trick earlier than i learned Behind the 8 Ball :D i think Helix is pretty Easy When u have good swing :) cheers From Slovakia!
Actually it seems like the Helix is a Bt8b,but a rollover version
Fifth
second
Yay A NEW VIDEO!
1st
first
