Seriously? Have to wash twice? That’ll be great if you have one pair, but if you have many?
These shoes are hard to clean, you did an awesome job bro.
These are the exact same shoes i just cleaned, I've had them for 3 years and were basically black.
BS man. If you go to 7:05 in the video you can clearly see the black on the bottoms of the "clean shoes" dont even have the same amount of wear as the dirty ones do. The "restored" ones are another pair that have been gently worn a few times. Smh crazy work.
Anyone know what the cleaner he used in the washing machine is and where I can buy it?
Pro tip = wipe down the washer tub after washing nasty loads.
I have the same shoe, but after putting them in the washer machine they squeak when walking. I think water got into the air sole. What do you think..suggest. thank you. Edit* did not realize how old this vid was..sorry
It’s not different sizes, the shoe tree is inside it and makes it stiffer, dam y’all dumb 😂
These are not the same shoes lol
Lol common  bro. Thats a brand new fucking shoe lol
FAKEE
Shameless
Does anyone know what washing machine they have?
come on man that is a new sneaker, they are not the same size bro
How would you Recommend cleaning any pair of shoe if I only have a medium brush? I’m cleaning other peoples shoes and I don’t want to damage them. Advice?
Crazy how the insoles look brand new..as if it was a new left sneaker 😂
When my shoes get very dirty to the point where they look nice anymore, I would just buy a brand new pair of the same shoe. I am buying your product because this will save me so much money of not having to buy brand new shoes again.
Bro I’m actually trying to clean the same exact shoes ! I’m just nervous about washing them and screwing up the black Nike check! Thanks for this video now I have hope
Hey bud, where did you get that washer from?
Yeah screw you with this scam. It might clean the shoe, but it will not fix the fabric. You simply showed us a brand new shoe. You were even dumb enough to forget to take out the new label at 5:56.
Scam for sure! Those shoes don't even match. How did it turn out brand new again? Look at the shape and inserts. You even got the worn out tread new again. GTFOH with that BS!
Where you buy?
You should put one up on how to clean the off white Nike air 20’s. The material on these shoes is like mesh but different. I took it to a shoe cleaning place and they could not get them clean.
Almost got me. That’s a new shoe you’re comparing. Different sizes, and the insole tag is brand new on the comparison. Wtf
How did the insole get restored?
Wait do we air dry
A the minute 5.55 different insole and different size as well LOL
😱😱😱🤗
Think this will work with ink??? I messed my shoes up at work on casual day messing with the printer
This not same traniers
Where can I find a washer machine like that? I’ve never seen one before.
Put that shit in the washer machine
Flashback to 2016 lol bought my hyperdunks still have them i need something that can clean the plasticy mesh on them i was thinking bleach buut idk if i trust bleaching i wanna keep em pristiine
Has the packaging changed? I’m trying to find it on your site
Fake minute 5:55 the brand inside the shoes looks very new
I don’t think that the shoe at the end is the same one he was cleaning in the main part of the video. You can even see when he holds them upright that they’re different sizes.
Eis21199d32id19d2eeepwdrpde1srls2o30s1r4pd33e2e4202ps4.  19🌱🐁🐁🐁🐁🌿
Do you put the shoe trees in the washer too? My sneakers and shoe trees came out of the laundry bag during the wash.
Pls check my Review of  RESHOEVN8R Water & Stain Repellent https://youtu.be/enQPoccyp5k
Are you able to send shoes to you for this to be done
Hi reshoeven8r can I ask when will you outsource your product to philippines love to try your product :)
why would i buy this if you wont even tell the detergent i need?
I want to do this to my cycling shoe, problem is, they have carbon soles. I don’t want to smash my washing machine.. what would you recommend?
I bought combat cleaner to clean some jordan mesh shoes and I'm thinking i bought the wrong product.... I might have to call and get a refund and buy your product and try it out.
What's the best drying method?
Hey do you still have these
Do you air dry the shoes or put them in the dryer?
When I clean my nmds with resovonater the soap absorbs in the shoe
I like the video but you need to smile more :)
Would the sole sperate from the shoe if u put it in a washing machine?
Does this affect the traction on shoes?
1) DO YOU HAVE TO TAKE THE SOLE CUSHION OUT OF THE BOTTOMS? BEFORE THROWING THEM INTO THE WASH?  2) AND DO YOU HAVE TO ADD SOME SORT OF SMELL GOOD FOOT POWDER / BABY POWDER TO YOUR SHOES AFTER YOU RUN THEM THROUGH THE WASHER MACHINE? TO AVOID HORRIBLE MILDEW SMELL THAT COMES FROM AIR DRYING,  ETC.?
did you leave the shoe tree in the shoe while it was being washed in washing machine?
Do you keep the shoe tree in the shoe when putting it in the washer ??
Questions: Can you put two sneakers at the same time in the washing machine? (obviously with two sneaker bags) & Can you use a washing machine that tumbles (goes in a circle)?
That is impressive! My wife laughs at me because I’m the one with a lot of shoes and especially sneakers. I try to keep them clean but I have trouble with mesh sneakers. I will try this. Thank you for doing the video.
Do you need to take the insoles out?
the shoe looks lowkey nice with the light grey tone lmao
We need to have this stuff first
How do you clean mesh on shoes you can't put in the washing machine? I wear New Balance 806 and I don't think you are supposed to wash the newbuck material.
Would it ruin them if I put it in the washer
Wonderful editing and presentation.  Got skills.
Could you do stains? week old dye stains like ketchup and mustard. Olive oil and meat grease
what if u don't have the sneaker laundry bag to put in shoes inside?
What’s the name of instrumentals beat @0:07 ?
Careful washing your Janoskis I cleaned and washed 2 of my pairs and it caused the soul of the shoe to slowly start letting go
I didn't know RESHOEVN8R and a washing machine can restore a whole midsole... This is so fake.
I use vanish stain remove with the rubbing head to remove the stains from my shoes and normal laundry detergent works for me maybe use a tooth brush or shoe brush you can probably buy one at your local supermarket/store or something if there extra dirty
What is the song on the background
Did you show us the bottom of the shoe after washing machine?    i'd wonder how clean just the washing machine and tide would get them.   maybe just soak the shoes in a bucket with diluted tide detergent would be good and don't need to use the reshoevn8r product.  what chemicals are in the reshoevn8r.  are the ingredients on the label?
What kind of brush is that?
Do you think we are fool's
Wow 🙌🏽 genius
Video looks fake
Air Max 270 All Black AH8050 202   ca des chaussures https://amzn.to/2NnsS70
Nasty tats brah
Great video and no doubt product aswell. What advice could you or anyone else offer, i have air max 1 and cant afford this product. Also everyone ive asked they have said dont put air max ( any nike air) in the machine! Is there a temp to do them at cos your kicks look slammin now bro. Many thanks, subbed. Peace
I'm french and I live in andorra close from france , my best freind bring me the kit from USA and I'm so sad the ship payment is actually so expensive to order from my country .... I had Two dirty black /grey and brown mid low  pair of janoski max ... and I want to say ...thank you .. you give them a second life guys . A fan from france ;)
I use axe body wash for all my needs. Washing hands, body and shoes
bro nice videos, your products Do they arrive in Argentina?
That totally looked like an actual brand new shoe. That was not at all the original shoe he started with.
Do you not have a problem with the air bubbles filling with water when you out then in the washing machune?
Do you also put the shoes in the dryer? Or do they air dry?
Washmachine is shit, top section from dishwasher is better
Table is hard bro
Reminds me of the Mont cleaning and selling all day
Wow that special cleaner and the washer even BROUGHT THE SOULS AND THE TAG back WOW THAT'S AMAZING.
Well done!
Great video! Did you just let them air dry?  I tried cleaning mine with a product I’ve seen on another video and they looked white as almost new however over the 2 days they’ve been air drying they are yellow 😞 I don’t know what to do help!
I have a leather pair of these but Max L and i bought them for 20 bucks because they were sun burnt. Is thier anyway to make them white again? The leather wont absorb bleach. I don't know if they were painted or if I can paint them again. The white is slightly turning yellow/orange and it doesn't scrub off.... PLEASE HELP these are my favorite style shoes! I had the Max L Sequoia's but i can't find those in my size at all. What do i do?
Got a new pair of Jordan Dna white today and not even 20 minutes after i wear them someone steppen on my shoe and left a huge brown fotprint on the tip of the shoe
Where can I get that stuff at you used?
Thank you for the video.
This actually helped me
Would a tide laundry detergent work?
thats a new shoe notice how theres no divits in it anymore.. what a fucking smuck
Do you need the laundry bag if u wash them, or will they be fine without it
Ya ni yo tengo mis zapatillas así de sucias :u
do you take the insole out before you throw it in the wash I have had so many nikes that I had to throw out because they squeak once they get wet
I just bought White Nike Tanjun today and guess why I’m here??      Someone just walked on it. I was only trying it. Got alot of shoes but fell in love with this model and someone ruined it.
Thanks for doing that!!!! You’re awesome 😎
At 5:56 he shows the shoes and the labels inside are different
these nike are for skating ?  I don´t think so.
What's the point of all that manual work at the start. If you're just going to throw them in the wash after. Pointless tbh
How do you dry them after putting them in the washer? Air dry or do you put them in the dryer ?
What's d price of d cleaner
I put my show on the washing machine suddenly rubber seperate and the glue on the shoes dried up and seperates
I rather use the older fashion wahers work better
C pas les mêmes
Fake lol the shoe thats "been cleaned" is a size or more bigger
Damn, poor sneakers  The one who wear these sneakers was a very dirty and nasty.
The best way to clean sneaker shoe ,pls click https://wholesaler.alibaba.com/product-detail/2018-New-High-Quality-White-Canvas_60657133408.html?spm=a2747.manage.list.8.13610a00MxATOr
HI big fan
HA! In korea a big thing is saying “I heard those shoes used to be white” because, wearing white shoes is very popular.
Liar
Amazing how the clean shoe got 2 sizes larger after the wash 😂  Fake or are my eyes not working?
Are we suppose to put it on the dryer after washing machine?
Where can i get that Nike table from?
I love those sneakers!😍
Sadly its not dirty enough and not that convincing
Pft i use ZONROX COLOR SAFE BLEACH
Ahmm.. Can I used any other laundry detergent when I wash it on a washing machine?..
Vick is better
This guys sucks
straight up bullshit.Use soap and warm water that will give same results.
Won't the shoe shrink if you put it in the washing machine
I CALL BULLSHIT THATS A BRAND NEW SHOE AT THE END ....WHY DO PEOPLE HAVE TO LIE...THE WORLDS FULL OF FUCKING LIERS. ..
did you wash the shoes with the tree in it still?
5:56 the “clean” shoe is bigger
Imagine if someone accidentally took a dump in the washing machine lol
This is fake because when he puts the clean and dirty shoe up together they are different sizes so they are the same show but one of them is new
nigga didn't even take out the shoe tree when he put em in the washing machine
Wtf they got bigger
So it takes all day to do, not sure if this is worth the time.  but nice job.
The shoe that came out of the washer is obviously bigger than the other shoe this is fake
They both got the shoe tree but they are different shape?? And bruh we know you guys shoe swap but I used RESHOEVN8R before and it works but it don't turn grey to straight out the box( literally)
Where to buy ?
i just realized you can clean peoples shes for money
Will this take out stains in my Adidas alphabounces?
Japanese washing machine lol
Can you use it in suade timerlands?
Bro I wore my Wore my White Adidas x Pharrel Williams x Hu Tennis Once and they have black tips already. I wore them for like 10 minutes and it started raining
Dishwash soap to degrease ( I use Dreft ) and together with baking soda or vinegar ( Mix it and get a toothbrush ) voila for a few bux ( Most items can be cleaned with this hack ) Enjoy. If you paid attention at your chemistry class you know that all you need is already in the house :P
Looks kinda like my Kaishis
This vids relaxing lol
lmao i was looking for a good cleaning video and i have these exact shoes
At 3:20 I think it means one direction band
Noice
I don't have washing machine 😐
Dont use stefan jason mark cleaner it made my shoes brown
247 people are feminists who think the washing machine shouldn't be in the mens room
You like white stuff
where do you get the shoes
shut up habttt
i was going to buy a reshoevn8r product from amazon but it cant be shipped to california
This shit is satisfying to watch.
Is it legit thoooo!?
dude I need that
5:55 lol it's new boots
haha the "clean" shoe is bigger size.
i noticed your washer machine is a lot smaller nd looks different. Does it matter what kind of washer machine? is there a specific washer machine for shoes?
Is the couple code no longer working? I tried applying it but didn't recognize it
the sole of the inner shoe are different from the dirty and the clean. The "clean" one looks very much like a completely new shoe since the sole is not as worn down as the dirty one. ????????????
Hey Guys, its a fake vid. Stop at 5:57 The right shoe is one size bigger.
What kind of table is that and where do you buy it?
What about Kyrie 2s do they still go in the wash
does it work on any shoe
"VERY VERY SLIGHT dirk mark"
i have lebron 14 Wight hiw can i cleen them ?
wow look inside the shoe... almost got me
Damn, this triggers ASMR.
This is the exact shoe I'm trying to clean lol sweet
This is bull shizzle!
Machine washing shoes? Yeah, I wouldn't do that. You can get good if not best results without that step. Plus, your shoes will last longer.
the clean ones are a size bigger... smh
Tanks that's was helpful
yooo they're white😱 I thought they were grey and they look new like they just brought them
they look much better all beat up
All his shoes are just..dirty or dusty
I had just bought these exact shoes and decided to do a race in them because why not right...I didn't know this race consisted of me running through 9ish miles of dirt, mud, sewage, and dirty ass stagnant water...my shoes are sad to look at now and hopefully all this shit helps
Did you have a retail store in thailand? I would to get some!
5:56 they are different size shoes
you are the best
Just put them in the washing machine no products
I put my shoes into a strong mesh bag then into the washing machine with a tot of domestic bleach and a few spoons of bicarbonate of soda. Now wash on the "delicate setting".  Result is white as white peeps, stop all that labour intensive scrubbing, thats for suckers.
I got uncomfortable when he forgot to clean the half of the bottom dirty part.......ughhhh!!
Will this work for white tns
lol my kyrie 2 grey and gums's are like forever stained i think.  i tried the soap and washer thing and it didnt really work at all
check out. my video its cheaper and works great
The clean shoe looks bigger and also had a sticker inside which the dirty one doesn't do I mean, it's a new shoe
That shoe is shinier than my future
can yall do white kyrie 2s
What r those
good video but why do u need to put shoes in a cloth bag before putting in the washing machine? thx
Am I they only one just flamin these shoes 😂
How do you clean adidas grey light grey nmds
That White Nike at 6:17 on the right is the same Shoe you cleaned??? Wtf i dont believe that that looks like a new Shoe from a Shop i cant believe that insane
This so so fake the shoes are different sizes 5:55 wait when he picks both them up and there different size and when he does the side by side comparison  pay attention to the Nike sign and shit it's more up then the smaller one
can u clean dis when the mesh is yellowing?
Hey man, where did you get that bad. I'd appreciate it if you'd let me know. You cleaned these shoes really good bro. Let me know though.
How do you clean nmds
Looks good
Guys real talk, what will happen  if I throw these in some Clorox?? I have the exact pair of shoes and no matter how hard I clean these, they won't come out WHITE?? Please help me. I love this shoes but don't wanna spend another $120 for these. Will Clorox bring these back to white?
Lol. That's a brand new shoe what the hell.
shits stupid lmao they act like the brushes make a difference I can use some homemade shit and still have my shoes cleaner
oh! dem!! your are too handsome :333 tanks for you advice :D
5:56 you can see that the shoe sizes are different. He replaced the dirty shoe with a new clean shoe.
You guys should really open some public stores.
mantav soul :v
It's so satisfying to see dirty shoes turn clean
i see u respond to some of the question...hopefully u could answe mine...where do u get the brushes from?
First off, I'm a huge reshoevn8er fan. I have bought about a 100$ worth of product on your website. The cleaner works great, however I'm not sure that it always does what it did in this video. Yours almost always turn out better than mine. I just hope your not faking it.
Could i throw some kyrie 2s in the wash? Prob not right? Cus i have been trying to get the dirt out but im not sure if i should
like of you have more than 10 shoes
I swear this guy gets his muscles from cleaning all these shoes 👠
Them shots a different size
This videos is definitely not about the tutorials for how to clean shoes -_- He's just advertising his product bruh~
"Im gonna go one direction" Me:"BABY U LITE UP MIE WURL LIKE NOBODY ELZE"
When you got to know the kit is expensive then new pair of shoes
does this really work cuase evertime i try to clean  white shoes it just gets worse
How long in the washing machine
can i just keep you so YOU can clean my shoes cuz i can never get them that clean
What's the picture at 5:30?
I really like those shoes
Is it possible to throw 2 pairs of shoes in the laundry to wash?
Can you guys clean my white vans?
He just bought a new one. Their not even the same siza...
Can y'all do a Kobe 11??
with out the washing machine and detergent them shoes wouldn't have got that clean
You literally just got a new shoe one is bigger than the other.your little cleaning things suck when your not with Vick
Shiit I wanna clean my dirty old creps but that's alot of work
You the man! Great stuff bro!
obviously fake the shoe at the end the (clean) one is brand new and one size bigger than the other
i normally use toothpaste in cleaning the white sole of my shoes as a cleaning agent and it works better than any other soap that ive tried. i also use old toothbrush to have a more detailed cleaning.
Just ordered the laundry kit and the kit with the 3 brushes and bottle of reshoeven8r!!! Can't wait to get it!! 🙌🏼
Why does he always do the left shoe?
Where can you buy/find solution?
Can you do kobe 11
At first I thought Jason markk was the best for cleaning shoes, but this Is a lot better.
reshoevn8r is better than other cleaners
what camera is being used?
go check out my YouTube QDOGG34
Would these work on my Lebron 13 horror flicks ?
i got a janoski (white) canvas but i dont have this shoeven8r what cleaner should i use? is it okay with the bakingsoda, hydrogen peroxide etc. method? pls anyone reply
This man is incredible
Great job
This product really works! I used it on my shkes and it orks great, thanks!
does this work on grey mesh janoski max's
How do you fix these shoes if they have a squeak
I am sooo OCD and I don't like how he didn't clean all of the bottom sole😖😖
will these work with white air max sequents
can you do a video on cleaning the all white ultra boost 2.0 but the ones that are really dirty like so much stains and dirt
I need this brush. Can I delivered it to India?
I know you respond to a few questions so hopefully you do for me but is it okay to wash with regular detergent and do you take the shoe thing that you put inside the shoe
when they put the shoes in the washer who just looks at the girl in the bikkinin wearing Jordan 4
1K likes and 38 dislikes now thats to let you know that product works
Thats a lie, the shoe looks brand new after cleaning it, thats imposible,the shoes look so bad before
Can you use normal laundry detergent
fuck dude the kits are so expensive jeez
of course those shoes are supposed to look like that . and even worse . they're meant for skateboarding . wtf do you think the sb stands for ? stupid bitch ? no skateboarding . i swear sneaker heads will get anything that has a nike swoosh on it without knowing the reason why the shoe was even made
will this work on NMDs?
wtf you only cleaned half the sole but the whole sole is clean later, you clearly just swap shoes
how can i order that kind of cleaning material for shoes in my country which is Philippines?
can you clean the janoski max all white suede/  leather
I thought the purpose of a shoe cleaner is so you don't need to put them in a washing machine and adding detergent. Defeats the whole purpose.
can you make a video of how to clean Adidas pro model
lol you replaced the shoe
OCD OCD OCD !!! He didn't finish the sole
Crep protect can do that shit even without a washer
What is your recommended method to dry shoes?
can I put my roshes in a regular two string book bag or do I have to have one with holes ?
Lol they had Vick repaint the soles
Can I use this same technique on the Tanjuns?
If you're gonna put them in the washing machine in the method, you may as well just put them in in the first place
Yo, Steve is a fucking beast. He's awesome
How long does it usually take you guys to clean the shoes. I'm cleaning mine with this stuff right now and want to know.
Can you clean white roshes so I know if I want to buy this product?
I WAS BOUT TO FREAK OUT WHEN U DIDNT TAKE DEM LASES OUT SON
What are these shoes called? 😍
is there a store that sell these  PLZ SUM ONE RESPOND
He has a aj3 photo in his washing machine room and he wears nmds inside wotta legend
Do you think you guys could clean one of the new reflective ultra boosts if possible please
Do some 5s like the Oregon
they put the washing machine in the bathroom
could you do a restoration or clean video for the suede janoski max?
Lets be real, the washing machine does 99.98% of the cleaning.!. You guys should have put the other shoe in the washing machine without any reshoeven8r, same outcome Im sure
Would you guys recommend this method with 3M White NMD as well? Could you do a video?
Aye could you guys do a 4th of july 5's restoration? i need some tips fam.
My shoes range from 11-12 mens should i get the xl shoe trees or the normal ones
I keep watching these videos like your product actually cleans the shoe when the washing machine does the work
just buy crep protect
i wanted to like the vid but i would've been the 666th person to like it sooooo i didn't haha
Hey could u clean the. KD trey 5 iv they have a mesh type material and I can't get the rough dirt stains out
Is it necessary to put them in the bag when you throw them in the washing machine?
really helpful
Ay what type of paint where you using when you painted the buttom of those custom 6's back in September????, cuz i got some olympic 6's and the buttoms are past yellow so i was thinking about painting like white or something else
after putting the shoes in the washing machine, do I let it air dry while its still soaking wet? cause you guys said dont put it in the dryer
Why not just use me to make them white?
so is it safe to leave the shoe trees on when putting them in the washer?
i can do as good as this with a bit of shower gel and a washing up sponge
Do checkered vans
Your product is great! I've been washing shoes on my college campus for cash and customers are in awe of the end result every time. Any tips for washing converse? very popular with the girls.
wha detergant i use when i wash ?
yeah you. brought them joints back
Love it man!
i think this dude was high on this one ha
on the jordan flight 45 black and pink.. is the midsole hot pink or magenta? because i want to restore the peeling paint.
i cleaned my gray new balance 990s v4 with the brushes and solution and it messed up the shoes up badly, any tips ?
lol this can't be real! they look too fresh!
Those are dirty asf seems like they were worn by a cole miner lol
I used a harder Bristol brush by accident on my white nmds, now the material has a few dimples in them.
can you put suede and mesh shoes in the washing machine
now that is a good clean
To be completely honest. Loki, Stefan janoski's are the best and dopest shoes ever
I'VE been binging on this channel since yesterday!! love it
Can yall do some like white  Nike football cleats
Vicks old work shoes seen this on the snap! Man Reshoev8r be the shit! #that laundrysoaptho
If you say Reshoevn8r doesn't work you're  stupid
wow!!
Good job reshoev8nr
damn I thought them joints were grey smfh
Hewwwo
I shouldn't have to be putting my sneakers in the washing machine 2x. Shouldn't the first time clean them
Did you just say reshoevn8r laundry detergent ? 🔥🔥🔥😱
Can u do some horizons?
CLUUUTCHHHH I JUST GOT THESE LAST WEEK
I love RESHOEVN8R I have the 3 brushes and the soap I wanna get the trees and the towel and the bags for washing machine
great video 🔥
damn perfect results
Please send them to me @1861 46street Rock Island ILLINOIS.
Do foamposites mesh
yayyyyyy top 5
hi dad
notification gang
First comment
siq
