Well done!
I made this! Well, I eyeballed the video and then guesstimated everything because the link to the Sorted recipe wasn’t working at the time, but I based it on this video and it turned out DELICIOUS. I made them into little hand pies with ready-made puff pastry and ate them for about a week and I’m still not sick of them 😁
1:20, Mike's speaking fax
It looks like a turd.
My main gripe with "vegan foods" is the general substitution for sub part replacements. This on the other hand is a good recipe that just happens to be vegan or not depending on the filling.
Impress a vegetarian showing how tasty a rare steak is.
Why butter and cheese if you have a vegetarian involved?
As you roll the filo, you should use the butter /olive oil mixture on every turn, keeps the elliptical together, the filo moist hence not breaking.
I have made this numerous times and still, every bite I take I am stunned how good it is! Fabulous recipe!   My only change was to make triangles for easy snacking, and ability to freeze a batch and take out just a few at a time.  Also I halved the lemon zest as I found it a bit much.  Oh and I use chicken stock because being omnivores we don't have any veggie broth on hand. I'm sure if I ever make it for a vegetarian guest it will be easy enough to do. Main thing is the concept of using broth for the legumes rather than water, makes the dish a thousand times better!  Oh and speaking of divine legumes... their instructions are perfect for achieving marvelous firm texture in the lentils. Ditto for the rice.
This recipe reminds me of some Greek recipes my yaiya makes :) thank you for not just doing desserts like most channels
Pre rolled it looks like a giant blunt xD
Made this yesterday for friends - they were excited!
it is boys nite
Mike: ...he doesn't need to eat spinach anyway. Ben: Rice is good  Such a wasted thug life moment
A vegan coming to my house? Well I must have them for dinner.
I really want to see a cooking show where the presenter/chef is making the recipe but whenever the camera does a shot of the hands mixing or cutting it's really obvious that it's not the presenter/chef's hands and it's just never mentioned
I want this so bad... With a side of garden peas, broccoli and roast potatoes.
Mike and Ben have the cutest personalities😆
HOW MANY DOES THIS SERVE AS A MAIN?
I love the end screen coz the com of SORTEDfood.com disappears on the plate and ur left thee thinking SORTEDfood. what. Don't leave me hanging!!! dot what!!!!!! I wanna know!!!
vegetarian food yes vegan food no xD could never be a vegan i love cheese and could never be a vegetarian i love meat
My bf doesn't like spinach, what can I use instead?
It looks really like one Lithuanian dish Vedarai. It is basically intestines filled with potatoes but it really looks similar.
Lol I guess if you are lacto-vegetarian it works
That's not how you spell phyllo.  PHYLLO - not filo.
"Big Sausage doesn't always win the race"  Mike you kill me hahahahahahaha
Try Pani Puri
You should organise production facility, so when i have watched this i could click on the icon of it to be cooked and delivered, any recipe, any chocolate cake (fair price, not greedy one).  And you should organise training courses, where i can learn any recipe and try it in place or take it with me, so when i'm tired of ordering through electronic machine i could do it myself. Or when i'm tired of making food myself, i could order a piece of a eating pleasure from your office. :)
At 0:40 I understood dalek instead of garlic 😂 Any other Whovians watching this?
For me this is traditionally called burek, do you guys think you could make it with ground meat and onions?
the water is so unnecessary. wilt the spinach in the onions when the onions have only about a minute or 2 left. it will wilt the spinach easily and it will taste better. Guaranteed.
I genuinely believe the flavors would be awesome.. but like other sorted presentations, they just aren't appealing or exquisite enough :/ try making smaller portions?
do vegeterians eat cheese and butter? if you have vegeterian friends you should ask them first about dairy products :)
this is almost exactly like Turkish Borack (not the right spelling but it's pronounced like that) witch uses potatoes instead of rice and it is so good. every time I go into a Turkish supermarket I always buy one as it's so good! thanks for the recipy guys!
I got you guys: "And that's our vegetarian crunchy filo pie...SORTED!"
That's not how you cook rice 😱😱
Rolling a joint lads
That actually looks like a very traditional Bulgarian dish - "banitsa", minus the lentils and the lemon juice. But it sure looks delicious with them as well!
Nice :O The picture really reminded me of börek - couldn't you make that next time? I love them with either spinach or potato - great vegetarian treat ;-)
I'd do this with puff pastry
when ben ignores mike xD
Thanks for another great vego recipe!
did a search for filbie green lentils...zero. are those pigeon peas?
chef tip: soak lentils overnight with half a teaspoon of baking soda before cooking.shortens cooking time and breaks down complex sugars (less fartiness)
:S Bottled lemon juice? Otherwise, awesome!
I guess you can stuff it with a spanakopita mixture
has anybody watched this with the c/c on and read the words? it is so funny
Looks a bit like pite.... Gonna have to try cooked onion in it one day that sounds wonderful
"We are normal people." Right mike just believe alittle harder and you wish might come true
All four of them are wearing dark colors and look great with it. Barry looks better in black top
PLEASE SUPPORT MY NEW COOKING CHANNEL :) first vdo- EASY OREO MENUS second vdo- DETOX WATER AND SMOOTHIES
And what a scrumptious looking meatophobe-friendly spiral it is!
Yay!! More veggie dishes please!
You drained the rice??!! I didn't know you could do that! I always struggle with finding the exact amount of water so as to not make it too soggy or too dry!
This is a Turkish borek! It looks delicious!
i'm impressive and i found this vegetarian.
Pie looks fantastic. This is pretty similar to a dish in Croatia we call "Burek". It's typically made with either a cheese or meat filling. Would be interesting to see your take on it.
Honestly, the fact that the food always doesn't come out perfect makes me appreciate the channel more. Then, if I try to make it and something happens similar to the roll splitting at parts, I know I didn't do anything wrong. It's always nice to see people you look up to accepting imperfections.
I would love to see you guys try making a dish where you replace pasta with zucchini! I've been seeing it all over the place lately, both as spaghetti noodles and lasagne!
LEMON JUICE IN A BOTTLE?!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :/
was it just me or did mike seem pretty serious here?
I just really love when you do vegetarian recipes. You should look into the veg diets, learn about them and maybe do a series on it. Something similar to the chocolate series. Sorted Goes Vegan. Or whatever.
Am i the only only one who noticed how sad mike sounded when he said "the biggest sausage doesn't always win the race"?!
"We are creating food that normal people will cook and this will happen to normal people because we're normal and it happened to us."  This is why I love this channel; they're real.
"Our audience doesn't hold us to high standards, anyway." -- Mike  Haha. Mike is so funny.
You guys ever sit down before eating?
This looks so good.. What kind of lentils were those?
lolll "our audience doesn't hold us in high standards anyways" I hold you guys to the lowest of standards and am always pleasantly surprised when those standards are repeatedly met 😉 😚😚😚
top tip from my greek grandmother :do not let the brush with the butter touch the filo pastry, instead you can just use the brush and let the butter drip from it :)
Please make gluten free bread!! :D
is it  bakingpaper you use
Making Fresh Filo dough is a pain in the Arse!
Vegetarians suck.
Would love it if you also made the occasional vegan dish!
Why melted butter on top and not egg wash?
from now on every time I see something cool I will said: "uuuuuh thats fancy"  😂😂😂
If I ever get my hands on filo dough I'm definitely making this o_o
Ben looks so sexy w e tea towel tucked in jeans pocket.. When I do it jus looks like a fat tail :p
"Our audience doesn't hold us at high standards, anyway." -Mike I don't know how you know this but true. Very true.
Can I substitute the goats cheese with something non-dairy? Egg maybe?
2:57 dirty 😏😏
I love how Mike is really enjoying talking about Popeye but all he gets from Ben is "rice is cooked" 😂😂😂
The theme song reminds me of the Art Attack theme song. God I miss art attack
ben you ...... why do you always take of the end of the onion. you throw it away anywaysssssss.
You guys need to come to Abergavenny Food Festival this year! It's great!!!
Sprinkle some sesame and nigella seeds before putting it into oven. Boosts flavor and looks nice.
When my Yiayia makes pita she spreads the filling over the entire price of homemade filo and roles it all up. Then there are more layers of pastry and filling and it ends up being amazing and crunchy and delicious.
How did I get here from earwax cleaning videos?
Picking a bias was so tricky. I stan Barry but James is the ultimate  biaswrecker. That beard. When does their next album come out?
vegan recipes next!
Guys, please make sourdough starter! :)
Butter is an animal product, so you'd better be sure your dinner guest is ovo-lacto!
I know it has nothing to do with the recipe but Mike is like my ultimate youtube crush! He's the reason I watch the videos <3
Can you please make some vegan recipes
Hypothetical scenario: If the Sorted Food gang became dogs, I think Ben would be a wrinkly pug, Jamie would be an overactive english bulldog, Mike would be a friendly golden retriever, and Barry would be an adorable, little chihuahua
Damn what a J
could u guys make something using gluten free flours?? it's really difficult to bake with food allergies but being gluten intolerant is probably the hardest because most gluten free flours have weird tastes and it's difficult to balance them out!!! thank you even if you just look at my comment and consider it😊
Looks a bit like a Moroccan M'hencha!
Big blunt
I'm from America and I love your guys' show! I find you guys so hilariously and adorably British and I know that sounds stupid, but I just love you guys. Thanks for showing me how to easily cook amazing food and making it entertaining along the way.
I'm 14, don't cook and I've got art coursework to do what am I doing here
1:25 i find that water very satisfying to watch.
I really leaned in to hear what Mike had to say and it just cut off. LOL so funny.  Love you guys. Mwah
Who came here from the Gadget Show? :)
I love u guys so much I r amazing
I think I'm in love with Mike  <3
Daal Chawal 😁
Mike and Ben are enjoyable on camera. They've got good stage chemistry
the moment when u said hide it from the camera... trust me we love and trust you and your cooking so much that it it doesn't matter if it looks pretty or not <3
Yum! I remember my mom once brought me a piece of something very similar she bought somewhere, I'm pretty sure that's it. I'll give it a try, thanks guys!
The mini heart attack I had when you pushed it off the table, before I realised the tray was there to catch it.
2:16 Ben changed the fork
+SORTEDfood what would be a good substitute for the cheese? Dairy free? Thanks great vid 👍🏼
I know it's supposed to look like a spiral, but it does honestly look like a bunch of sausages
This dish looks awesome! I thought of making this for my vegan friend but apparently she doesn't take butter or cheese and i bet it wouldn't taste the same without these ingredients :(
Ultimate Challenge: Recipe for gluten free phyllo
Can you please make a polish dish like Pierogi or Gołąbki or Bigos or Maultaschen (Maultaschen are from Germany)
Absolutely adorable! Did Mike ever get the words out?
Am I the only one who low-key wants to marry Ben? I mean he can cook ladies..
that bit about being normal? I don't think that's completely true.
Didn't say 'Sorted'....?? *confused, slightly sad face
Dear Ben and James, are there recipes that use only rice cooker? Thanks. :D
Love your veggie recipes. Would love to see more Japanese veggie ideas!
"Big sausage doesn't always win the race"
Every time Mike is in a video I can't help but stare into his eyes and get completely lost. Then I can't focus on the rest of the video. How does everyone else not have this problem?!
You forgot to recap and say 'Sorted!'. I watched the end screen for 20 minutes... Just in case.
It looks like a huge green onion pancake.
Loving the snapchat story yesterday Mike....
Vegetarian food shouldn't contain cheese and butter!
Did you "sort" it???? I don't know if this was "Sorted" or not????
That ending was fantastic haha!
Guess it was made on the same day with the salted caramel brioche because of mike's jumper! You guys must have lots of projects going on eh?
Sorted Men, please make vegan dishes <3  Love from NYC xx
Best kollpite filling!
I would totally add some feta cheese!
That observation on Popeye just blew my mind
Am I the only one that thinks that looked like a giant doobie!
my question is what kind of meat can i put in this if i am completely against vegetarian meals for myself?
I always notice Mike's awkward hands whenever he helps with recipes and I find it cute
Finally something vegetarian!!!
Can we start shipping Ben x Mike now?? Or am I late??
Seeing as I live with someone who panics when he realizes he sweated off an onion with canola oil instead  of olive oil, I'm all for instructional videos that confirm that, unlike with heart surgery, no one dies over a minor slip-up.
As a veggie, this video is much appreciated ☺️ it looks SO good!
it's so weird for me cause in greece we do not eat a pie as a main course and we defenetly we do not use lentil but it looks delicious!
lol
2:14 The ships sails itself. #bike
This looks like a typical amazing greek pie. Great job, guys!
You did not follow your own suggestion, Ben, that pie looked piping hot when you cut into it!
neo didnt eat it fer his bday :(
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY "SORTED"? WHY?
2:15 omgggg FML *too much feels* ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
This is basically just borek 😂 and u need to add some yoghurt and eggs to that butter so that the filo pastry does not crack 😋
Is it just me, or was that whole bit where Ben fed Mike the filling and he got excited about knowing about the lemon kinda..   ..Ben x Mike? Am I dreaming..
The end of this video is a fresh take on the ending of the pulled pork sandwich video.
Keep them coming you guys! More vegetarian food! :D
add some sesame seeds on top before you bake it for more crunch!
Brilliant! Presentation was the bomb!!
If I don't want to use oil or butter to brush my layers of phyllo, what else can I use?
it's so weird how you guys cook rice.
Great..... Now I'm hungry.
This dude again! He looks like he could be Barry's brother but they never addressed his presence! Who is he? Lol
Rustic is the way to go always.. #dontworryBen #wegotyourback
is it just me or mike is getting more undeniable ?? need more mike in my screen!!!!!!
Can I please meet these wonderful lads
Their recipes are so creative wow
Can i just make a regular pie? this one feels a little... turd-ish
You guys should do a bento box battle video!
Did Ben punch Mike off camera when Mike made the joke about the audience not holding them to high standards? I have a feeling that Ben would've punched him...He's such a perfectionist.
i didn't realize that mike was holding the baking tray so for a second i thought ben had ricocheted the spiral off the bench and i had a small heart attack
Any tips for other cheeses to use if you don't like feta?
This reminds me of the spanakopita my dad always use to make
1:20 Ben doesn't care about what you say, Mike
Popeye is strong only because he ate spinach in the first place. I'm sure he wasn't born squeezing open spinach cans.
hide that split from camera
I had a heart attack when you were transfering that   DONT DROP IT
Ah isn't butter not vegetarian? I'm curious if anyone knows the anwser.
One more great recipe :)
I'm an impressed vegetarian.
I want to cook for ben, but have him eat it off me
(Imagine Gordon Ramsey shouting this)  This recipe has enough butter in it to become an American citizen!
I just discovered this channel and I'm lovin' it!
Oooh yes I have to make this!
Oh my goodness! That's not how you cook rice!! Come on..... Seriously? I'm so pissed off
Watching in half speed ever since the sticky toffee bundt cake recipe :D :D :D you all sound drunk lol
Its a fat fancy spanakopita, looks good.
Will the quantities still work if I don't use lentils? Or is there an alternative ingredient I could use, something simple like a red pepper?
This looks great, can't wait to try it!
I like that you expect us to have low expectations lol
Why do you use coriander in almost every recipe? I can't stand it, it tastes like the liquid for cleaning floors :'( Anyway, I love the show. Greetings from Spain!!! <3
would love some more vegan recipes!!!
what a shame I can't find filo pastry in my hometown =/ so many delicious recipes with it and I can't make any of it. This one is perfection.
Isn't it spinakopita ? But I agree, I've been eating it since I'm 3 and it is DELICIOUS
I would not have mixed with my hands
Any alternatives to feta cheese and lentils?
3:20 it looks like a massive joint 😆😆😆
a tip for cooking with lentils,,, soak them for a couple of hours/overnight in water because cooking them straight away means you won't be able to soak up all of the nutrients in them!:-)
I wanted to scream "that's what she said" so many times!
You know you have your priorities in order when sorted food comes over college work any day 🌚
I hold you to a higher standard than this guys come on,
this is BANITSA :D..almost. just please trust me on this one: google BANITSA and your life would be complete! @sortedfood you have to make a Bulgarian banitsa !!!!!!
Why didn't you say sorted
I wanna see this dang gadget show! Was this a Uk thing? I wanna feel like a proud Soccer mom too! D:
Could I add chicken to this to make it non-vegetarian?
Filo band-aid!
Defiantly gonna try that!!
Whenever Ben kept saying coil it it made me chuckle... Coitus
mike is such an adorable creature😍
That's a burek, typicall dish from the Balkan areas and usually filled a cheese similar to feta, alternatively beef mince!
when i was on my honeymoon in santorini, the hotel actually served us this for breakfast. my husband and i would each get a one portion spiral. it was absolutely amazing!!! thinking about it makes my mouth water. but they didn't have any lentils or rice. just spinach and cheese. i actually made this when i got back from honeymoon (sans lentils and rice) and it was a crowd pleaser. may have to go out and get some ingredients tmoro!
I did NOT see the tray so I freaked out and thought you were just shoving it on the floor
Ben seems to of developed a new saying:"In all seriousness though...". It's as if he's trying to suggest you guys are actually capable of being serious.
Mike finally has a date!!!!!!
Like a giant blunt
The type of filling would be good for a vegetarian dolma (stuffed grape leaves) as well.
looks like a version of börek
Need more vegetarian and vegan stuff :D
This looks amazingly delicious and gorgeous! I so wish filo was gluten free! :(  TFS! :))
...I'm assuming this is what you were doing when you skipped our wedding today, right Mike?? 😫
For the veg stock what mire poix did you guys use?
ooh, I would not mix the filling together by hand - so sticky! a spoon or fork would probably be way easier :P
ooh, I would not mix the filling together by hand - so sticky! a spoon or fork would probably be way easier :P
The Greek in me cringes with the addition of rice a lentils to a traditional pie, the rest of me is intrigued 😨
I'm not quite sure what to comment... So heres the chorus from "the chicken song" from spitting image...  Hold a chicken in the air, put a deck chair up your noise, buy a jumbo jet, and berry all your clothes, paint your left knee green, extract your wistom teeth, form a string a string quartet, and pretend your name is keith...
I reckon you wouldn't need to make the filo 4 layers thick since you're rolling it and the filo would increase in layers anyway. Make it 2 layers thick and twice as long (use the bar at your local pub to roll this thing on or something) then it would be a thinner sausage and wouldn't split as easily when coiling it. Or maybe do like a savoury baklava with horizontal layers?
I usually coil it around a ramkin so that the inside doesn't break from the tight rolling then you also get a bonus place to store a dipping sauce when you serve it.
BEN DIDN'T SAY SORTED. I'm dissapointed.
i hate vegetarians
vegetarian? mike's history? It's Grace Helbig isn't it! You go mike!
That looks quite impressive and tasty.
Why was everyone  wearing black? I type that while wearing a black batman shirt and black sweat pants
Dear +SORTEDfood Can u please do more deserts and can u please tell me what 2 use instead of nuts, because I don't know what works well instead of nuts. Also I'm allergic....... Thanks
omg i thought he dropped it
Wait, Jamie said Vegetarians only come out during Halloween?... It's February?
I'm SOOO close to 140 subscribers on my channel 😍😱😍😱
I love how everyone is digging in with forks and fingers and Mike is using hi own plate. Either he's trying good etiquette, or he's merely guaranteeing his portion size against hungry hoard
Take away the lentils and the spices and you got yourself a classic greek "strifti spanakopita".
when ben fed mike... #relationshipgoals
I miss Big night in
"A big sausage doesn't always win the race."-Mike 2015
It looked like they were rolling a huge blunt
noooooo ben you didn't say SORTED at the end
FINALLY SOMETHING VEGETARIAN
that looks really good! although home made traditional greek phyllo pastry is easy to make and wouldn't tear that easily (ps. a dash of vinegar is the secret to a perfect crust!)
I could see something like this working really well in a spanakopita sort of configuration as well. Looks deece!
Can you make vegan recipes
This is a GREAT video, guys!!! Such a good tune between Ben & Mike, it's just beautiful!!! Straight to my Top 5 list. Also, I really don't remember Ben tasting so many things in a video! (I'm sure he does taste a lot of things during the cooking, but this never gets to be in the videos...)
I feel like Ben and Mike are a couple.... Maybe its only me...
Please do more outtakes / bloopers, u haven't done them in a while
Now its at this point where you top this with bacon and BBQ ribs.
Where did "Big Night In" go?!?
Can you do something for a hang over its my 18th on Thursday and I have a feeling I might need a hangover cure please. Love you guys soooooooooooooooooooooo much 😂😊
What's an equivalent of a filo pastry that you can get in America? I've never heard or seen one of those.
who's the new guy?
Yay! Vegetarian recipe!
Lol he got cut off
Looks like a giant stuffed pretzel
That looks amazing. Might be a nice different take on Burek. :)
Cool twist on a classic combination of ingredients. I've subscribed!
Wow ... Imagine a bit of bacon added to that filling!
gadget show led me here.
My fav Greek food
Basically spiral spanakopita ft lentils xD looks awesome
OMG at first I thought they were intestines looking at the picture 😂
You already commented on it in the video, but as you say...you are normal guys making achievable recipes so that little "how to patch up the spiral" bit was just so refreshing. The best recipes channel. Fact.
2:12 D'awwww!!!
I would definitely mess that up, no doubt but tiny ones can be made right? i think that'd be easier
I am Greek, and I usually really love that extra mile you go, but in Spanakopita, lentil and rice just doesn't seem right... :P Great recipe nevertheless! :D
I swear Mike is flirting with me.. um us at 00:58 #agirlcandreamright?
heeey! i just want to say something. I really like these videos, but sometimes you speak really fast and I dont speak english very well. So, it would be AWESOME to have subtitles at least in english...can you help me with that? please.... 😜😜😜😜
Anyone else see sorted food on the gadget show ?
If only I knew where I could get this recipe from... ;)
we moroccan make a desert in the same shape called "mehansha" which means "snake shaped", filed with almond paste mixed with butter, orange blossom wather, cinnamon, iced sugar,  after the mehansha is cooked we dip it in honey. yaaaaam
It doesn't break if you place the square filo in a slight angle and the filling in the first quarter of the filo surface. Just a tip from my mom,she's Greek and knows deep shit about filo pies.
Ben was slightly different this video. He was kind of more relaxed
I have been eating this all my life! Just without the lentils and rice. Its one of the best Greek dishes! I SWEAR BY IT <3
I seen you all on on The Gadget Show and I am shocked about the truth behind fridge cam 😱
4:28 who else thought he dropped it of the table
impressive! I love your vegetarian recipes
its not vegetarian unless u use vegan cheese and a butter substitute
Love to see you doing vegetarian foods!
You guys are normal?
love the realism guys.
just saw you on Gadget Show! I kinda screamed and forced my mum to watch it because I have been here since almost the start! I kinda feel like a proud mother now 😂
I subscribed to you after watching you guys on The Gadget Show on Channel 5 HD!!!!
I'm watching gadget show and say your segment,  resulting in me subscribing :D
My heart nearly stopped when you guys transferred the whole thing onto the baking sheet, I thought it was about to just fall to the floor! Glad to see it survived, looks delicious :)
What has happened to SORTEDfood brazil????
Just saw you guys on the gadget show! I will never see fridgecam in the same way again 😱
Fridge cam
Make something for your vegan audience! :)
So basicly Börek
seems like this week is all about twists and spirals
That was a great video. I always love you stuff, but this one got a few really big laughs out of me.
They did say "sorted" at the end😕 that's my favorite bit
I've genuinely never been so impressed, thank you for this awesome recipe!!!
This is an Albanian dish called Pite
I love the dynamic and rapport between Mike and Ben. Mike can be relied upon to make disparaging remarks but you can tell he loves Ben really 😉
Butter is good but olive oil would have made it so much tastier without making it heavy for the stomach!
love you guys :)
You said you where realists but I need to ask: left realism or right realism or am I just applying sociology to a video about lovely veggie food where it doesn't need to be applied?
This looks like a giant spanakopita 😂😂😂😂 Great twist with the lentils and the rice, never would have thought that!
What would you serve it with ???xxx    Thank you xxx
I swapped out the lentils for ground beef cooked with some smoked chili. Delicious!
this looks delicious😋 not a vegetarian, but still impressed
Thats not how you cook rice!!!!
So Mike I'm a vegetarian but can't help but notice you haven't invited me over for this dinner yet!
neat!
Looks like they were rolling a big ass joint.
Looks unreal! So nice
Omg it looks amazing😻 I 'm going to make this for sure💖
I'm a vegetarian and consider me impressed, Mike!
You normal people just make the greatest vegetarian dish ever!!!
It's just like the Bulgarian Banitsa.
impressed!!! 😂
That looks really delicious!!
I feel like this recipe needs mushrooms
That actually looks like bosnian PITA!!  🇧🇦❤️ Love it guys!
this is omazing
I'm early i need a joke       Donald trump
Looks awesome.Gonna try making this without the rice. Less carby. Great as a starter.
Ben reminds me too much of Sheldon Cooper
Did this look like a giant spliff to anyone else??
isnt the paste like pesto?
As a Greek I can say that I've never had spanakopita with lentils, pine nuts and rice, usually it's just spinach and feta cheese. But I wouldn't be surprised if this is a variation I haven't come across, and it certainly looks delicious! Also the spiral style is my favourite.
This looks amazing, definitely going to make it! I love your guys' vegetarian recipes
DIDNT SAY SORTED
"... and we're normal." Yeah, Mike, you wish ;)
This reminds me of Börek we used to get from the shop down the street :D sooo tasty but also very greasy :P
Love this. I'll have to work the portions down for just 2. Maybe make pouches instead of the coil.
oohh that looks incredible! I love sorted! you just sit back and watch a bunch of adorable idiots, cook amazing food, and salivate over mike..I mean the food...sorry daydreaming. ;))
Huh, I saw this when it had 8 views and was unlisted, wondered why it's unlisted, went for a 3km walk, came back, and my youtube informs me that there's a new video xD
Mike is not normal... Mike is far from normal. Mike is a god I hope I don't come off as creepy... :>
At 3:21 it looks like they are rolling a HUGE blunt
Why does the filling look like vomit
genius looks good but philo is a pain to work with.
It's basically a Greek spiral spinach pie but with added lentils and rice ,olive oil is a helthiew option and the filo pastry will stick together easier...
looks just like the joints i roll before you curled it
Are you guys football fans?
The WOOOOOOO effect ahahahahahha
In morocco it's called Lmhensha. Mostly filled with shredded chicken meat flavored with cinnamon and sugar😍😍😍😍
Right, that's it, I'M A VEGETARIAN NOW. Thanks for inviting me round for diner.
Are you guys planning on bringing back a new series of Big Night in at some point? I'm loving all the videos but I used to really like making something for my group of friends for the weekend before a big NBA game or an N64 night or something and they certainly impressed!
Looks so good
I love spanakopita and that looks absolutely delicious. I visited Greece a couple of years ago and I kid you not, my most memorable meal was at a pie shop located minutes away from where I was staying.
Greek spanakopita!!! but you guys took it a notch above, well done!!!!
Literally watched Paul Hollywood making this today. What a coincidence!
Hide that from the camera Loooool
Out of pure interest, how tall are each of you?
Yum! Could you reply to this comment it would make my day! XX
Yeees more vegetarian recipes please! :)
I love how Ben completely ignored Mike's comment about Popeye already being strong.
Seriously through how many herb plants do you guys go through.. Especially mint
in Bulgaria this is called banitsa
I wish I could say something about Mike and his forever-there jumper,  but because I have the same one I'd be a massive hypocrite, so I'll just... yeah....   btw that transfer technique was scary af!
not first.
It looks soooo good 😍
Ugh that looks luuussshhh
How can you add meat?🤗
Wow this looks amazing! Please keep the vegetarian recipes coming.
delicious what can you use instead of lentils?
Hello everyone
out for less than a minute . already 20 ikes
I'm early! Better say something intresting... Genetalia.
I wish I was brave enough to chop my onions as fast as Ben!
im early for once
weewww
lol early AF
First
