Thank you for influencing me and helping me create my own bar business. I can back to this video to try this cocktail that I had ages ago. Man this hits the spot. You put in more effort into these videos more than anyone else ive ever seen.
This channel should have way more traction.  You do a great job.
Love the mugs!
Great job! I agree that pineapple and coffee aren't an obvious combo, but they work so well together!
Crazy,..for me is that,..when u add malibu or so,..the bahama mama To everyone out there,try this recipe: 4cl myers rum,2cl kahlua,2 cl malibu or mahiki,1 cl overproof rum,8cl pineapple juice and 4 cl lemon juice,..AND ON THE TOP SOME DASHES PIMENTO DRAM,..prefer self made,..then u have really flavored spicy tiki drink,..thaats awesome tasty
Dog Catcher joke was top drawer. Only on DS do you get this level of comedic relief. I needed it with that intense music! Drink is fantastic. Thanks for the vid.
We have a really lousy selection of Jamaican rum here in Canada. Right now, I don't have _any_ Jamaican rum in the house, but I do have this Plantation rum from Fiji, which to my surprise is full of Jamaican funk. So I thought I'd improvise, and try a 3 rum base using Patron Cafe for the liqueur, which I'm currently enjoying as I type this. Normally, I make these using Appleton Special Reserve, white Bacardi, and Kahlua, and they're pretty good, but the one I'm having now is just soooo much better: 1.5 oz Fiji Plantation rum (funk) 0.5 oz Goslings Black Seal (dark) 0.5 oz white Bacardi (because) 0.75 oz Patron Cafe  (warning: the dark coffee flavour of this is much more powerful than Kahlua, so cut it back if you don't want a strong coffee note with lingering aftertaste) 0.75 oz Lemon (Personal preference. Stick to a whole ounce if that's what you like) 0.5 oz simple syrup 1.5 oz pineapple  I might try skipping the Bacardi altogether with the next one, and use a full ounce of Goslings instead. The Patron Cafe could easily be cut back to 0.5 oz, but I like the boldness the way it is. It starts with the tang of fruit, quickly develops into dark coffee, and leaves a coffee aftertaste. Perhaps similar if one replaced the simple syrup with more Kahlua in search of a stronger coffee note.
I used Kahlua Especial (75 proof version). If you do use Kahlua - I recommend dropping that coffee liqueur to 0.5 oz. I used black seal and a 3 year light for the other components.
Just for fun, I'm making a small batch of coffee liqueur. I wanted to make this but didn't want to use any of my "good" rum. So I ran out and got some coruba dark, which I've never had. And Don Q Cristal. If anything they can go in my Halloween Zombies. But do you think the Coruba will work here? It smells better than I thought it would for the price but as I've not yet tasted it I'm not sure of it's hogo.
Great video
Bali Hai is a great place at shelter Island San Diego. We had my Daughters wedding there. Excellent time! You can’t miss the Goof!
Seriously OMFG 😮👍🏼🥃💪🏼 Awesome thank you so much for this drink recipe. 😊
Sipping this right now in my newest tiki mug.  Got myself a real nice collection in the last couple of years. Cheers
Just made it, so unique.  I used NOLA coffee liqueur and cinnamon syrup and the result...3 drinks later was awesome.
I didn't realize i was such a peice of shit until i realized i was too late til get that mug.
Just picked up Nola Coffee Liqueur on End of Bin sale at Binnys..... Immediately made a Mr.Bali Hai after cutting the lawn today.
I finally tried this one and I have to admit that I really enjoyed it...2 times.  I didn't have coffee liqueur so I made a quick coffee syrup with a hint of cinnamon, added in a little extra demerara rum to it and off we went.The coffee flavor goes well with the pineapple and since there is coffee in it I justified it to my wife that you could drink it before noon like a mimosa or bloody mary...or Corpse Reviver...or Ti Punch "Decollage".She laughed (because it is Father's Day) and said I was a psychopath.
Excellent!
This drink is amazing thank you for this!
As always, great entertainment, informative and spot on in taste. Just made my first Mr. Bali Hai and I must admit, it's a tasty one.
your videos are all amazing. very well-backed with theory and history, great video/audio quality, and cool presentation of cocktails!! thank you so much! i have many of these recipes in my back pocket now
I am so envious of your tiki mugs. All of which are impossible to get ahold of :/
I can't get a hold of denizen where I live, can you recommend another good light rum?
Any chance you will do some more coffee + pineapple drinks?
This pineapple coffee combo is amazing. I'm also loving this cocktail right now. https://www.kapucocktail.com/gunpowder-grog-1/ The smokiness from the lapsang souchang syrup and islay whiskey addition adds another level to the mix.
I have coffee liquor and white rum right now lol
what if you dont have a tiki mug?.....would a collins work?
I just tried this yesterday and it is probably the best tiki drink I've tried. I am not normally happy with too sweet drinks but the coffee made it bitter enough for my liking.  Do you ever use strawberries in your drinks? I feel like something like a strawberry puree (syrup) would be really nice to add to drinks like the one
I just tried it and it was fabulous ! I highly recommend it :)
To be fair you should probably state that pineapple juice from a carton works just fine
Currently on my third :) thanks for the introduction. I ended up just using 2.5oz of aged rum and honey instead of simple syrup... turned out great.
Great vid per usual
I enjoyed the video. Well done. As usual. I've enjoyed the drink previously, and do love that coffee + pineapple combo.   Lastly, got link to fancy straws?
I have to have one of those Tiki mugs, that is one of the coolest ones I have ever seen.
ANOTHER AMAZING HIT! Bravo good sir. The Mighty Woo would put down his orange crush for this belly buster!
Love the mug, man. Kind of freaky how it looks at you while you drink. Pairs well with the music too.
Badass drink. Sipping this right now on my patio. Perfect for July.   Wasn't sure about pineapple juice and coffee liquor but it works. Thanks for the recipe! Added to my arsenal
It's getting harder and harder to not spend all my money on tiki mugs
Just made it. Finally a good excuse to use my coffee liqueur! Delicious! Cheers!
Great stuff! I was just about to make a ''To Hell with Spain'' but then after seeing this pop up I just had to make it instead. While you said to use a Dark Jamaican Rum, you used Denizen's blend of Jamaican and Martinique, any specific reason behind this or is it just what you had on hand?   Also, got any recomendations for Dark Jamaican rums? I've been looking for Hamilton Jamaica Black but can't find it anywhere. Denizen is getting hard to come by now too and I'm starting to look around for a substitute for the Tiki drinks.
Love this build.  kind of a stripped down version of the Black Magic which while delicious, is a bear to execute outside of a tiki bar. Thanks
Nice one! and Yay more Tiki stuff love the Mug mate  iam going to make my firends and myself a mai tai,...amd enjoy the weekend...cheers mate thanks for all the awsome recipes :)
