Great idea
Can I use this trick for  bedbugs
well this does not work everywhere but in cracks and crevices/corners  of walls and around doorways you roll up duct tape sticky side out like a cigar wrap and it acts like a roach motel and don't cost anything it works but i need something more for like around kitchen area around fridge and around the stove  or else id use duct tape all over the place
"The cure is almost worse than the bugs." I felt that in my soul. Lol
Where to buy
Thank you I have roaches
omg...I did this and in one day/overnite it  killed about 18 roaches!! I didnt even know I had that many!! a few were still alive but couldnt get out of the jar!!! Ive found a few other things that kill roaches but none work this fast!!!  Thanks!! I was amazed and so happy to get rid of them. I will set this out frequently until im sure theyre all gone!! I dont think anything could work better than this!!! Its great!!! Btw I did use a tomato pasta sauce and i added a little more oil to it!!!
Why cant they get out of the jar??
I heard that diatomaceous earth is actually mostly silica. I actually work in the tile manufacturing industry in one of the things that they tell us about is silica dust in the clay that floats in the air. So putting diatomaceous earth in your house and using it for the things that you said like in your bed and your carpet and things like that you're exposing yourself to silica dust in the air which can give you silicosis.
Hello and thank you for your Tip to get rid of roaches. My mom used to rent out a few trailers for her income and when the renters would move for some reason the roaches would make their way over to my mom's house and I would have battle with getting rid of them. I happened to see one of your early videos about using a quart mason jar and the right bait in them with the cooking oil around the upper inside of the jars so they would slip back down when they tried to escape. It really works ! I emptied the jars after a week of catching the roaches and I poured hot water from the coffee pot in the jars and when I finished - I had a Full jar of Dead roaches. My mom told me to tell you Thank You for the Tip.
Sooon we will ALL be EATING ZEE BUGS!! Zo CRUN-chy YES? AN ABUNDANT SOURCE OF PROTEIN FOR A BRAVE NEW WORLD YES?
2 things. Well no proof and with eBay about say 6 plus delivery and wait. Thank you anyway
I'm actually planning on building one of these traps. today. I'm going to farm these pimento bugs. I'm going to grow a large amount in a wood box and feed them to my chickens I've also ordered 1000 crickets. and they will be kept in another box this is all to keep the  feed down to a minimum this is my plan I hope it works the prices are going to go up guaranteed and I'm simply trying to keep my cost down for those that are interested I also found that the hay I throw out for my goats whatever they don't eat after it sits on the ground for a while the chickens  figured out that it contains worms and other insects and they get out there and scratched around and they get their protein that way to but I want to be able to have a significant amount of protein and I think this is the way to go thanks for your video
Diatomaceus earth 🌎 thank you I'm going to try and see if he works thank you so much for
Do you say tomato sauce sees or what it's that can you be more specific I what is the name of the white bag that you say to put around the
Anyone knows why they don't just fly out of the open jar?
I bought food grade diatomaceous earth in the pest control aisle at a home improvement store when I had big problems. Didn't seem like it was working so to check I gathered a jar full of roaches and dumped the diatomaceous earth on top. Three weeks later I dumped out a jar full of hungry and dehydrated, but otherwise healthy roaches. I figured it was because it was "food grade". I tried HotShot diatomaceous earth specifically for insect control. Same experiment, same results. Tried it on bedbugs too. Nada! Diatomaceous earth is useless on bugs.
❤
Thank you for sharing this! I need a good trap and i didnt know about the tomato sauce.
I have also found the fruit fly traps made with soda bottle works well. They can climb in but not out. The only adjustment is to tape the top of the inverted bottle top into place. That way they can't climb the side
Friskies canned cat food traps a ton of them.  They crawl inside & then can't crawl out. I put a bit of dawn & water into it to kill them once it's full.  But I've found that only Friskies cans work. Just feed the cats & stick the can in a corner. I'm about to fix a spaghetti dinner & I'll have to try this out.
I found out Accidentally about a bacon bit bottle someone forgot to snap the lid shut on & it was slammed  to where nothing would shake out of the holes, little plastic Seasoning Bottle with something good in it.
Thank you so much
Diatomaceous earth does not work!
The jar works on the German cockroaches with two changes. 1 schmere a little Vaseline around the inside top of jar about 1 inch in and use vinegar and water in the jar. Just an inch or two in the jar.
Please get to the point more quickly. You could've named the powder within the first twenty seconds.
Thank you I’ve got twenty pounds of    D/E
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/7q9WW3SoxGY  Home Made Roach Trap
This works...can spagettii...line sides with oil any container or plastic bowl will do 👍
Bloody hell
Does it have to be a glass jar can you line oil on the inside of a plastic jar?
Thank you for the video.
What is the comical name?
Great video! I know it's been a few yrs but is it completely necessary to find a roaches "nest" per se..? Trying couple diff things to get rid of thwn at our house. Seems like there dying but than some come back.. any suggestions?
I'm going to try this and see if it works!
Thank you soo much for the info, I'll try it in this month.  News soon...
D E..werks.. Ask a Germans...
I tried this method.  After almost 2 weeks got a grand total of 2 bugs.
Roach insta-kill : mix dish washing soap with water and a little bleach into a spray bottle. See one dart across the room, spray it with the solution,  it will die within 10 seconds
I made a couple of these jar traps and neither caught a single bug. I think it may be the sides of the jars were too slick or maybe they didn’t even smell the provolone cheese I put in them. Got any tips for me on what to do, I’ve been battling these roaches for months I probably kill around 2 or 3 a night and I’ve never had a roach problem like this in my life and my house has never had roaches up until now.
Where from can I buy diatomaceous earth?
I think Hawaii is so beautiful but I am such a bug phobic person I don't think I could live there.  There are very large roaches and centipedes that come out at night.  Saw some of those bugs when I was younger and was very freaked out.  Now that I am older I could not handle that at all.
Nothing understand
If you oil up the inside of the jar the small roaches can't get out either
woke up because one was crawling on me and i jumped up out of bed so damn fast you have no idea
I use a big jar, coat the insides with cooking oil or butter flavored cooking spray. Drop a small piece of bread or cracker and place in good dark place. I catch them every night without fail.
Did you like my video? Did it help you in any way? Would you like to help me out too? You can tip me with the thank button or if you use my link to Amazon when you buy anything they throw me a few cents. Plus, if you go to my store you can see the things I have bought and liked enough in the last 10 years to review or add to my store. www.amazon.com/shop/robbshomemadelife
Thank you so much. I’ll try it tonight.
Never thought such a simple thing could be so effective thanks for the video!
I like to use Hornet spray all the time due to the ability to kill at long distances. Sniper
WHY didn’t you show the trap set up and working?  Very frustrating.
I hear sweet food is good bait (and other people grease the inside of the jar).  This one guy uses a little fresh mozzarella and honey.  You use tomato sauce.  I guess these little F∆©√€®$ like Italian food.   Nice to see you use D.E. BUt, IF you grease the inside of the jar it will keep even a lightweight German cockroach in the jar.  I prob won't use coconut oil, though, because it solidifies so probably gives traction for their feet
Huh?
Had one at night terrorize me. I heard something making noises and what not. Then it flew into my head as I was on my cell phone. So like the man that I am I panicked and start flattering my hands erratically.  I of course thought maybe it was like a moth since it was dark, turn on the light giant ass flying roach.   I keep my cool like a boss grab my shoe and proceed to smash it, go away for a bit come back, see the little mofo crawling in a death throw. I smash him real good this time.  Mission accomplished, but now I can’t sleep because every little thing I feel feels like a roach!
Thank you for this! We live in a rental house. I have seen a few palmetto bugs here and there over the past 10 months. But tonight as I went to the kitchen for water after midnight, 2 giant ones scurried away from the trash can. 😳😳😳 We have a gap in the flooring in the HVAC closet where they come in. I think tomorrow will set up a jar with a tiny bit of sauce in it. Then I’ll have my husband take it out of he next day. 🤢
I’ve been going crazy I have a mini fridge in my room and i cannot stand it I am scared to sleep and I do not know how to deal with this I have never found bugs in my room of all places 😭😭😭
You are a life saver.  Thank you! So much. We have ant infestation.  I can't even sleep at night.  I wake up with them crawling on my face.  We can no longer leave our cat's food out.  It has become INSANE!  I have Diatomaceous Earth , and I am trying this.  Did I say Thank you?  👍🐜🐜🐜
Can your neighbors spare some chicks?
Thank you!
DE works great. i got the food grade because i have dogs. i sprinkled it around baseboards and havent seen a bug crawl out in weeks.
That doesn't cost anything except for when you buy it
what actually happens is the DE kills them because roaches clean themselves and ingest the DE but GREAT TIPS....CHEMICALS ARE TOXIC AND CARCINOGENIC PEOPLE
LOVE this THANKS
funy about chckens eating roaches. when i lived in miami, the kids cross the hall got two baby chicks for easter but mama said no. i adopted them and let them run freerange in our apt. the roaches came out on the walls at night, so would hold the chicks up to the wall in my cupped hands and they would snap them right off he walls alive with their little beaks. fed them wonderfully.
If I put the lid on the jar... Cut an X, then fold the 4 points down... you think THAT will keep the small one in?  I've only found 1 large Palmetto, and haven't ever seen another. Are you certain where there's 1 there are many more?
I LIKE THE MUSIC
the only thing wrong i see is that youre going to have to touch the damn things with those methods but they sound effective.
these fuckers and yellow jackets. it's like they have their own agenda.  i hate 'em
god bless you
I dont have roaches I'm just liking people vidoes
I am going to give it a try. Cheers from Brazil !!!
This is too hard,..... I'll just buy a machine gun
I had a grease jar with no lid that thing was full! Eww!!
You should make a video of it in action!!!!
Thank you very much for the info. Feeding them to chickens sounds fun. lol I just got some diatomaceous earth and am excited to try it but worried about them coming out for water. They are bad already but mostly at night, thankfully haven't come to get the water I keep in the bedroom at night (I get super thirsty). I'm scared they will start to once we use the DE but I suppose it'll be worth it. Just have to make sure I have every water bottle sealed, vs cups.
Why does this work??? Is it cuz they cant walk up the side of the glass jar cuz its to slippery???
You’re hardly going to make a dent in the problem this way! You may get rid of a few. But for everyone you see, there’s 1000 more hiding behind the wall!
I live in New Orleans LA and the roaches down here are strong as hell I feel like the jar wouldn't work
I live in Avon Park FL I HAD a small  problem with roaches, after making a batch of home baked beans I put a nearly empty jar of molasses near my hot water heater, next morning I had a few roaches, apparently they climb the jar, jump inside and get stuck, they went right by a peanut butter baited sticky trap to get at the molasses, the cat that owns me won't allow me to use store bought  bait so it's good for both of us!!
If you wrap the jar with an old (or new) knee high stocking (or masking tape, i hear) you don't need to put it against anything.   It can be in the middle of the floor,  and they can climb up into the jar.
I'm gonna try a cut onion & tomato sauce. Woohoo.
Orthene 97
Thanks for the info... gonna try it.
use half water half pinesol squirt they die in seconds and it works instantl!
my cat eats roaches 😲😝
I discovered a simile thing, leave a large beer bottle near roach activity with some beer inside, roaches love it and fall into the bottle to a drunken death
Will this work with a 64 ounce Ball brand Canning jar?
Tryed it didnt catch any
What attracts them to jar ?
where do I get the powder on what website
How much Diatomaceous earth should one use? IIs it "as long as you cant see through to the pan or container? I wanna know so I can buy enough to last a while, but not so much as it will just sit around? Thanks.
But I gonna try this tonight!!!!!
I don't know. I was told they can't climb up a jar or glass?
Is it boric acid
Wish these things would go extinct. I know everything has a purpose,  and roaches are food for other insects and animals.  But I don't care,  I don't care what the price to pay is I want them all dead.  Even if it somehow resorts to humanity going extinct, or cats,  dogs,  etc.  I'll pay any price
Put some crappy fat free egg nog out and let it sit for like 2 days your garunteed a bunch of roaches your welcom
Borax soap powder works too
Hi Robb, don't know if you are still commenting on this post but if so, my question is if you have a jar full of Roaches, does that mean you have a problem ? What is the criteria?  I'm new to Florida and had a bigger Palmetto in house this morning.  Ewe!
I fw you stuff man! Keep up the grind.
Best killing roach method spray every corner in house and shaded area and bomb the hell out of house and attic with cans and spray yard ..
I think the jar will work with cockroaches if the outside is coated with tape, or roughed up with sandpaper, so they can walk up the side easily.
i did not catch what you said about the type of earth you used. Can you spell that out please. thanks
Nah thx, rather gonna buy Raid hahah
Thanks - A Floridian
I use a big mayonaise jar and when it is full I sneak over to my ex-wifes house late at night and let them all go there.
does it hurt animals
Thanks. Will try.
Never mind about what he said, I see the spelling.
When I see roaches the hairs on the back on my neck and my arms stand out. They creep me the Fk out, Spiders to.
Could someone please tell me what is saying, I could not understand. Did he say Dia-Tamistas earth?I would really like to try this. We are starting to get those nasty little roaches.
I tried this, but with a gatorade bottle and a gallon Arizona tea bottle. They climbed out just fine. I would like to try the cans as mentioned below, but I'm starting to feel that it won't work. Any advice?
can you put margarine or vegetable oil in the jar?
NOICE! Namaste'
good suggestion
Roach fed rooster.. sounds tasty! - NOT LOL
Thanks! I am having a problem with palmetto bugs and wanted a non-toxic solution so I can feed them to my chickens afterwards.
Thanks!
if you wrap the outside of the jar with masking tape it will help cockroaches climb in
I'm thinking a light amount of vegetable oil on the inside upper part of the jar would help ensure they cannot escape.
I thought palmettos could fly?
How would I go about poisoning the neighbor's cockroaches without accidentally killing some of my own?  Don't judge me!
would have liked you to show these  tips in action -  that actually is a good idea in general to try to do.
trying this now with pizza sause does that work could I use peanut butter in jar or jelly and sweet stuff for bait thanks patty bell minnesota
so on fleek cuh
I woke up last night. I tried to get a spoon or a fork  from the drawer there were no spoons forks or knives. But I looked closely I saw something dark in color and 2 inches in size. I run for my flip flop, I opened the drawer and tried to hit it. The motherfucker flew right under the fridge.  I think the scariest experience with these roaches was when I tried to kill one with a Nerf gun. It was on the wall, I aimed missed and it flew right towards me and landed on my shirt. I screamed smacking it off me OMG that was when I WAS LIKE 11.
Stacy will love this, she attracts them because she's a slob
is this works for terra formars?
Subscribing!
I will try this tip if I ever encounter roaches....
Get a jar full of these roaches. Put a cap on the jar and take them to your local Walmart parking lot. There are a lot of pigeons or other birds looking for food. Dump the jar of roaches out and watch the birds have a feast! If some make it inside Walmart no one will know the difference !
Where do you find those big jars or what food can i buy to buy the big jars? I have tried baits and using raid spray and hasnt worked so my next solution is now spraying the yard with some expensive stuff and using the diatmocous earth. I tried using sugar on sticky pads but not a single bug. The raid traps werent working because they were walking over one of them and i decided to cut that open so next time they can get to it. I'm wanting to try this method of the jar stuff next. I hate roaches and not ready for a bad infestation, I still see one or 2 a night and the moment i find one i squash them but I just want them to die from something like the method you used. Where do you find those big jars?
they can't just fly out? or are they too stupid to think of it?
Great tips! I have purchased diatomaceous earth at my feed store. Some hardware stores and Lowes and Home Depot carry it as well. It's good to sprinkle on the carpet to kill fleas.
So lately I have been seeng roaches in my house. I would see one here and there and just would deny seeing them after killing them now its like 2 - 3 a night that i have killed. I put traps down and not sure if that is what is luring them out but its freaking me out. i mean tonight i did see one nearby one of the baits not doing so well. i just want them gone. so i will try literally anything. what do you put in the big jar? just regulr food or something? i live in florida so i know what u mean about palmetto bugs but these roaches are skinny but some are fat nasty things that i hate a lot.
I kill bugs with a gun
So how is it that the big roach can crawl up the jar and go in but cannot crawl right out?
I have this problem. But if they can't crawl out from inside how can they climb the glass from outside ?
I lived in S. Fla. and our home was infested with German Cockroaches. Combat Super Baits worked wonders! One little monster (and more) will eat the poison, go back to the nest, die, and other roaches eat the carcass and die as well.  I swear by this stuff and have told so many people about it. I dont know if Palmetto bugs can fit inside these baits (waiting to see). I like your method but really want to kill the nest!
Bro Diatamaceous Earth is EXTREMELY TOXIC. Ask anyone who has ever cleaned pools for a living before or had to add this stuff to a D.E. pool filter. You have a good idea, but saying it is non toxic is DEAD WRONG.
probably helps if the tomato sauce is high in sugar, I may try this
POSTED BY GAZELLE RICHARDSON: I found honey worked a lot better; along with putting butter around the inside of the rim so they absolutely can't crawl out out. The Roach houses I purchased were useless, as was any commercial bait. DO NOT use Borax if you have pets or children. Best wishes, they are not easy to get rid of.
Good tips !!!!   Key Man
my daughters chef boyardee 7.25 cup does wonders
You get 6 free roach traps with every 6pack of beer. 16 ounce cans work best. Works with palmetto bugs too.   Just leave a teaspoon of beer in the can, and set it on the floor.  They crawl in and can't get out.  It helps to tape a piece of paper towel on the side for them to use as an entry stairway.   Cans full?  Time to drink some more,.....for the sake of pest control.
punchers holes in them and it makes them leak out huh??? lol not really how it works but ok...lol
My family has had it with roaches. It's been three years since we rented a room to a family and they brought roaches with them and we've tried sprays but nothing works. We keep seeing babies and big ones everywhere. Will try this and hopefully it ends our roach problem.
Music? At the start plz?
Cockroach can fly...
I also live in Florida, and I've had it with the cockroaches! I'm going to try this immediately.
I think i have roaches,i think that i can prove that i have roaches by placing rat glue in big circle,and in center onion sliced in 4.Will it work,i just need proof to know what i'm dealing with.And it's brown roaches,not black,scary ones.Thanks.
what brand of tomato sauce do they prefer?  also, in an apartment... does this jar technique not only kill the roaches from your own apartment or do they also attract all the roaches from the neighbors apartments as well?
i know this is from 2012 but somebody asked me about getting rid of roaches... i like this idea but superglue a Styrofoam bowl (with a hole cut in the side) over the aluminum pan. i figured that would keep their dog from messing with it. A non toxic ant trap. thanks!
which type of syrup? My sound keeps fading in and out.
You said that the jar trap will only work with large bugs... is that because they have the capability to climb up the outside of the jar, and smaller bugs just fall off?  If so, I'm thinking a strip or two of grip tape might solve the problem, giving them a "black carpet" ride to the pit hole of death.  ;-)
yeah , that tray with the diatoematious dirt /bait is going under my bed. (already have "dishes" of the stuff on each leg of the bed). guess I'm gonna try the jar thing with an empty coffee char and some bait at the bottom ...
OK, so I'm getting the point that my Raid does is not effective?
In Russia we do similar stuff. We place a 4-way sliced onion (makes great smell for the bugs, that stays for a long time and sprays wide) at the bottom of the jar, and oil (any oil, cooking one will do nicely) the jar interior perimeter (by a syringe, for example) for the 100% "death pit" effect (the roaches slide down, trying to escape). With the oil you can use tall jars, even without curved tops. =) If the home is infested with roaches, the oiled jar with an onion will be filled at one night.
whats best to use for the food inside the jar lid?
HEy man, i guess you just need to have a stomach for this, i am fearful of roaches now man, i am too scared to even go in to my roof of my house to explore it and understand my geyser or check light fittings. I have seen 2 flying roaches in my house now, man, so scared. I have painted base / skirting boards with a liquid i bought which you need to dilute, and i have seen a few roaches dead the next day. I just wish i know how infested it was , thats the worry , maybe im taking it to rhw extreme and over worrying. gosh man, these insects are really gross.  Roaches, Spiders just so scared of them. I have killed lots of the small general kitchen ones at my old flat with toilet paper, just squash them but like i have seen a few different looking ones at the house now.
Great video,,, much appreciated,, from Lismore NSW Australia
AND YOU WOULD THINK THE RUSSIAN YAKUTSK COLD WILL KEEP IT AWAY FROM YOU BUT NO THIS THING ARE FROM HELL
Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I will try it!
reminds of a joke that said; "why didn't Noah swat the two mosquitoes." i wanted to add and the two cockroaches. then we won't have any of these trouble of looking for ways to kill them darn things. i once saw a video describing a mixture boric acid, flour and used cooking oil and rolling it into balls as cockroach killer, my question is it possible to substitute the DE with the boric acid?
Awsome,I know how extra expensive Florida is, its like as soon as you get out of bed its starts, pay,pay,pay,pay...endless paying and thats what they want! I sold my home in Florida and renamed the place Fraudula!
V
I like the diatomaceous earth idea. I have one question. Will the insects that have walked through the diatomaceous earth hurt my chickens if they eat them? My chickens escape from their coop constantly. I want to kill cockroaches without killing my chickens.
i have palmetto bugs in my garage which Terminex doesn't seem to get.  I would like to try this but have a question.  Is the jar empty of the spahgetti sauce or do I put a little bit of the sauce inside the jar?  thanks.
I couldn't hear well. What is this white bag we need to put? Thank you
Thank you but the palmetto bugs have wings wouldn't they just fly out?
How much of the food do you leave in the jar for this to work? I wonder how they get in the jar, fly down to it? I wouldn't think they'd be able to climb that slick glass.
You can also get a couple of them Gila monsters, but when they run out of bugs, they just might start eyeing you.
Robb, I was so looking forward to seeing all those cock-a-roaches dying in that jar.  You left out the best part.  My remedy is to take a jar of honey and a flame-thrower, and when the roaches come for the honey,---WHOOF! Burn them suckers up! ( I still haven't worked out how to do this without losing my home, but, that's just details.)
Little story. I worked at blockbuster years ago and we opened the dvd boxes upon return to insure the disc was inside. This dirty guy came in to swap out his dvd and we opened his  and roaches ran out on the counter. Imagine how roach infested his house must be to have several crawl into the dvd case and not run out when he closed it.
I wonder if creating the traps just invites them to come in ... I try to keep everything clean and all foods well sealed ... but I see a Palmetto bug almost every night. Yuck!
Just be careful to not breathe in diatomaceous earth dust.
Easy way to get rid of just burn your house and buy a new one :)
Diatamaceus earth does indeed kill roaches but it isn't instantaneous. It's more like a slow death, sometimes take a day or two for them to die.
Thank you.
I just realized fresh meat is a good bait for roaches and bed bugs. They'll risk their life for it. even if you turn on the light and chase them around.
If I had a chance to talk to GOD , ONE chance , forget asking for  the meaning of life. I wanna know what was he thinking when he came up with roaches mice and rats. Bet ya he goes "Pfffft , yeah that was a REALLY bad day!"
A non-toxic mix you can use around pets is a 50 - 50 mix of powered sugar and baking soda (or flour and baking soda) mixed together. Put little trays (you can use jar lids or make little aluminum foil trays) of it in areas that you have problems, under sinks, behind dressers, wherever.  It works on the principle that bugs cannot burp, but your dogs and cats can if they get into it. They eat the sugar/baking soda mix and the moisture in their stomachs activate the soda. They, basically, blow up. Works on any insect the same way.
Diatomaceous earth can not be around your pets.
People would not have to keep asking if you put something in the bottle if they watched the video,because it tells you exactly what you need. theydon't even read  what other people are saying. its amazing!!
if they can climb into the jar, why can't they climb back out?
I've done this before and my favorite bait was a piece of banana peel. I also think it helps to smear a little shortening around the inside about an inch down. Save that lid!
Doesn't this just attract them? It doesn't really get rid of them does it?
That's a very loyal Rooster
The jar method for me has worked great or small straight glass cup for Germany roaches. Little rotten bait and some wine or beer, they come in. But really gonna have to try the dimatheous earth trick.
how do you spell that earth thingy
container that leaks water droplets can also weigh down the string, when it is nearly empty it is light and string slips out from under it
you can use a weighted cover that will slowly lower onto the jar, just drape a string over an ice cube just  above it so when the cube melts the string falls and the lid drops over the mouth of the jar, insulate the cube with bubble wrap or styrofoam to give it more time, bigger ice cube too,,,,.borax powder called timbor on ebay..but use diatomaceous earth too, both are good and non toxic
I've got roaches getting into my kitchen drawers and cupboards, so I'm not sure where to put these kinds of bait traps. There's not room in the drawers for something like this, and should I put one in every cupboard and drawer? And what about keeping them away?
i hope this really works i am going to try it right now one day i went to trow something in the trash in my kitchen and one of them flying monster landed on my hand i almost had a heart attack screaming my lungs out i ran real fast to hubby so he can kill it i cant stand roaches or any type of insect
Ok so last month I'm the middle of the summer heat our air conditioner stopped working not being able to afford to fix it we had to result to popping the windows open and put fans in almost every room now all the open windows have screens... ever since then I see all sizes of cock roaches now mind you we live right in front of a hour 1/3 of a mile of woods and yes the house is clean no good is left out or anything and last week I found a few ants in a room I just squished them and moved on.. well tonight I found a tiny trail of the same kind of ants crawling out from under my wall in my bedroom I've vacuumed them up and the entire room and layed down some salt along the wall and the part of the floor I saw them... we've never had a problem like this in all the years we have lived here ........
+Robb's Homemade Life , was I right about my decision to get granulated?
You can also get diatomaceous earth, food grade, at a feed and seed store. I got near a gallon jug of it for $11. I got granulated, because I think it would pierce the bellies better. That way I didn't have to wait for it to be sent to me from Ebay. I got more for my money, too. They also had the powder for $17.
Why in the hell did I look over to the right at the suggested videos?! Now, I'll never be able to sleep!
I have just been traumatized by a big ass cockroach tonight...spent several hours trying to catch it and at one point, it hopped onto my lower bare leg. I had to resort to spraying Home Defense all over the carpet, the modem, other random things around my room...these shits can hop around so much and fast that catching it was almost impossible. My skin is still crawling...
Thank you! I have 2 Chihuahuas & a lab mix! Every time I spray they eat the dying bugs! & the sprays only working somewhat for a few days! The bugs gotta go but I don't want my dog's to go with em!
Get rid of roaches with this comprehensive guide! http://www.scribd.com/doc/235688765/The-Art-of-Insect-Warfare-Roaches
Is the diatomaceous earth food grade or pet grade or neither ?
They have Diatomaceous Earth at some Health Food stores that sell things in bulk bins, just ask for it. I recommend wearing gloves, because it will dry out your hands too.
Robb, what do you put into the jar?  Do you leave any sauce in it or clean it out?
Great tips Robb. I currently use Boric acid but I will definitely give your method a try. Soap and water works surprisingly well as a kill on contact spray.
Great video.
Make sure it is food grade DE.  Worked for me.  Will try the jar method also as I have started to see those creepy Palmetto bugs.
I have begun to notice some roaches and I don't think it's a real inffestation problem. would this still work on roaches?
Okay so I know this worked for the person who made the video, but has it worked for anyone else? I want to know before I try this at home.  One more thing: where should I lay the traps in my house?we have a kitchen a living room a front room a bathroom and three bedrooms.
Will boric acid powder (readily available at the Rx store) work just the same as diatomaceous earth? DE sure works well to dehydrate ants when mixed with sugar & water. Boric Acid is cheap as well (about $4- per cup) and non toxic to humans provided you don't eat the contents ha ha.   Thanks for passing along the tip Robb
where is your video on how to get rid of fleas?
ok, I'm confused here.  do you put tomatoe sauce in the jar or do you just use a clean jar?
B G Khufu  #⃣⬅️
pour used cooking oil in an open container,,,cockroaches love it,,,put the container in the areas where they hang around,,,wait for a day or two,,,you will see those cockroaches swimming dead in oil..ps..i accidentally discovered this method..try it
ok where in the WORLD... can you get diatomacious earth for a few bucks?  Only things online I've found is like 50 bucks for a 2lb bag or like 30 bucks for a little plastic bottle of it...  i mean, i believe you.... if you can prove it... cause so far, no, that shit is SPENSIVE
The diatomaceous earth really works. I bought 4 oz off eBay after watching this video last week. So far I've been setting my traps out, I use tiny cups like the kind that you find in fast food to go restaurants. I placed the diatomaceous earth as the base then I set a piece of meat in the center. They truly do pile up. The only thing wrong with DE is that the roaches won't walk over it naturally. Since it's a positive charge their antennae can sense it at first... So you need to either scatter the stuff around, or place a good amount in a small cup as I have and they will just gather in there and won't be able to escape because once it's on their feet they lose a lot of traction then they end up "licking" their feet clean and essentially digest some of it but just a tiny bit consumed is all it needs.
HE SAID TOMATO PASTE ! AS BATE.
http://www.amazon.com/Natures-Wisdom-Grade-Diatomaceous-Earth/dp/B003QJ8CSE/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1397096775&sr=8-2&keywords=diatomaceous+earth
Is it the same as food grade diatomaceous earth?
I'm doing this tonight! I left an open bag of dog food open in a small shed for a week or two and now I have an infestation. Last night I sprayed the area and I swear over 20  roaches crawled our - some even flew out. Straight out of horror movie!
If the roaches can walk into the jar , why can't they can't just walk out ? as they don't have any trouble walking up walls etc...
what is the ? ? earth ?? called
So, please mention again, I missed it... what are you using as bait? Thanks!
I also think what happens with the DE and roaches is : roaches like most insects with exoskeletons don't have lungs. Instead they have liny tubes on the bottom sides of their thorax. I think the DE gets into these tubes and block any air - thus they die. Thoughts?
So wait.... why would roaches cross a pan to get into an empty jar with sloping sides? Are you using bait? I just do get it - what's attracting roaches to an empty jar?
I wonder if I can got your expert advice . A few years ago a ferel cat came into our yard . Starving and had his tail cut off . We got a small kennel and fed him but couldn't make friends because he is too wild . Lately we noticed he won't go in the kennel  - even when it rains . I took clean bedding today but went backward when an army of mosquitoes flew out . Can you put your mind to something that will help this poor little fellow please ? Don't want to spray and really need help for him . Maybe other people with dogs could have this problem too . thank you . So glad I found your site .
Will a peanut Butter n jelly jar work?
What is the name of the white like powder inside the plastic bag?
subscribed
Feed your chickens a handful of Diatomaceous earth once a month and they will not get worms
I think that the jar would work fine for smaller bugs, if you left it near a wall, where they could climb up easy, especially if you've seen them on a specific wall or the like.  And water won't kill cockroaches, don't be fooled by them being stunned.  Add just enough water to cover and then microwave those little bastards for a few minutes.  Or take them outside and spray them with bug spray out there, instead of inside your home.
what is d name of the thing in the bag i ant understand d name﻿
Very good, thank you!
Chris Emerson:  There are 2 grades of DE.  Get the Food grade!  It is harmless...in fact, some folks put a teaspoon in their coffee every morning!  (I have found references where it is cited for colon cleansing, parasite control and detox!)  It's non-toxic to pets, too!
So again, WHAT ARE YOU PUTTING IN THE JAR?! You keep referencing the curvature of the jar...okay, we get that! Are you putting something in the jar? Burying it like a vietnam booby trap? Little Punji sticks?
whats  in the jar? is the jar just empty
I have the diomatereous earth and sprinkle it around the kitchen.  I think it's knocked out the smaller ones but have medium sized ones every now and again so going to try using the jar technique.  Thanks for sharing
Thats not a 1, SMH!!! Come on Robb
Qqwe4g yt? Tfgui opp lyn Zanzibar
thanks Mike for the petroleum jelly tip
He says in the video, to just leave residual sauce in the jar. (That means just don't clean the jar after you empty it.) Also, you can put petroleum jelly at the top inside lip of the jar so smaller roaches can't climb out.
...well no, the jar is not empty, it has residue of the food﻿ or sauce that was in it originally
I notice whenever I leave a coffee cup in my cargo van over night, it will have palmetto bugs in it in the morning. It does not work with plain coffee or coffee with sugar. it has to be coffee with cream and sugar. it seems they crawl into the cup and can't crawl back out and drown in the left over coffee.
Never, ever read anything that has all caps.
I’m going to discover how to seduce women. My cousin has started dating a 10 because 2 months back he joined a website named Master Attraction (Google it if you desire to learn how.) I’m so jealous because I would like to fall madly in love as well. How come it’s so difficult? I’m gonna take a peek at this Jake Ayres man’s information. Odd thing is, he previously had Zero results with girls. How could you improve so fast? His lady’s a fucking model!
Hello Chris, if you have the large palmetto bugs, and had food in the jar, I am surprised you did not catch any. make sure there is curvature to the jar at the top so they can not climb back out.
I saw a couple roach type bug over the past couple months so I tried this jar trick - first under my sink, then on top of fridge - then back under my sink - but nothing caught so far. I guess I either have the kind that this jar trick doesn't work for, or I just had a couple random roach bugs in my kitchen? I was really hoping to avoid this DE stuff though - maybe I'll wait till I see another one around the house?
I need a chicken in my house.
LOL THANKS SO MUCH  I WILL HAVE TO GOOGLE THAT .. ;-)
I have never been upset with all caps, but I am an old geezer who grew up reading a lot of old books, one of which was by Don Marquis who was an author, journalist and humourist who created a fictional character  that was a roach that never used punctuation or any caps at all,. The roach's name was Archy and Mehitabel, his friend, was a cat.. do a google for don marquis. he was a funny guy.
LOL NO I AM NOT YELLING AT ALL .. IF YOU READ WHAT I SAID AND USED YOUR OWN JUDGEMENT.. YOU MAY PROBABLY REALIZE THAT .. BUT NO SWEETY I AM NOT YELLING AT ALL .. I APOLOGIZE FOR ALL CAPS IF YOU ARE OFFENDED .. BUT IF YOU WERE TO WATCH MY VIDEOS.. YOU WOULD SEE THAT I TYPE IN ALL CAPS ONLY .. SIMPLY BECAUSE I CAN SEE THE WORDS BETTER ON THE SCREEN MY COMPUTER VISION IS NOT ALL THAT GREAT SO I JUST FEEL MORE COMFORTABLE WHEN I CAN CLEARLY SEE WHAT THE HELL I AM SAYING ..THATS ALL ;-) ..NO BIG DEAL
Why are you typing in ALL CAPS?  Are you really yelling as you type?
Thanks Rita
I think this is great. I'm gonna try it. Thanks for sharing
Sure, very small bugs can crawl out, but the large ones can't crawl out as the jar is curved at the top. Make sure your jar is curved at the top like an applesauce jar or most spaghetti sauce jars. the more curved the better, also, drowning the bugs and flushing them is gross, but I was lucky at the time and had a rooster so I threw the jar in the yard and the rooster did the dirty work for me.
OH OK .. SO THE ROACHES WOULD STILL BE ALIVE .. OMG ..ONE MORE QUESTION PLEASE SIR .. SO WHY CAN'T THEY JUST CRAWL BACK OUT OF THE JAR WHAT STOPS THEM FROM CRAWLING OUT ???.. I WANNA TRY THIS BUT I DON'T WANT THEM TO CRAWL ON ME ..LOL... I HAVE SOME ON MY PATIO AT NIGHT AND I HATE THEM ..THANK YOU SO MUCH ;-)
well no, the jar is not empty, it has residue of the food or sauce that was in it originally. You can add water to the jar to drown the bugs and dispose of them by flushing them. If you have large roaches, it works very well.
SOOO THE ROACHES WILL JUST CRAWL INTO AN EMPTY JAR AND DIE??? ... WITH NO FOOD IN IT OR POISONS  ????.. SO WHAT KILLS THEM THEN ???
I thought I really hated roaches, until I found out we had Tarantula's!!!  FUCCCCCCCCC***
The jar was emptied but not cleaned or rinsed out with the normal residue remaining.
Did the Jar have the tomato sauce still in it? Or did it just have a little bit of sauce left in there? or did you just leave the jar completely empty?
lol, thats funny about the chicken. good idea. thx
Hi, The cap is clean and I don't use to to trap the bugs, and any bugs attracted to the smell of the food in the jar go in the jar and if they are big roaches, they do not climb back out.
One other question is if you leave the jar and cap out in the open do you think it will attract more bugs then need be?  What do you put in the cap to attract the small bugs?   Thanks
thanks! great advice!
hello, I think there are two grades of DE, and one is safer to use but neither are items you want to inhale, adding the DE to a tray as I have done in the video can be done safely outside. As far as  bait, I am just using an empty jar that still has residue left inside, no need to add anything, applesauce and spaghetti sauce jars worked amazingly well for the large palmetto cosckroach bugs, not for small bugs, but I described other methods for them. Thanks for watching my videos, I hope it helps
I was under the impression that Diatomaceous earth is safe for humans and even consuming it.  This site I purchased quite a bit of it from a long time ago told me that it's safe for humans and even consuming.  My question to Robb is regarding the apple jar do you put apple sauce in the bottom to attract the roaches then kill them afterwards.  What bait do you use etc?  Thanks
Im gonna try this thanks.....:)
hello Jimi, it can be bad for your lungs to breathe in a lot of it. however, to use it as I have shown in the video, when precautions are taken to avoid breathing the dust it should be fine.
diatomaceous earth works well with bedbugs also. A friend had them bad and he put it all inside his boxspring and matress with the covers and it killed them. We have roaches now and we are going to use our diatomaceous earth for them.
But it doesn't hurt mammals. We can eat it. We do eat it! It's in lots of grain based foods because lots of grains are stored with diatomaceous earth to keep the bugs from eating the grain!
if you breathe too much baby powder it can kill you too.
Hello there . While researching how to get rid of gnats I seen your video . You might want to redo it . Diatomaceous earth , even food grade is very dangerous not only to pets or small children but adults as well . If you were to accidentally breath it in you might not die right away but it could kill you or cause serous problems . It can cut the inside of your lungs up .
what product is it?
That satisfies my curiosity. I appreciate it, thanks!
Thanks Mario! Glad to help.
I trade it and it worked
No, but it basically is the same. Food grade means that the mfg. process is done in a facility that has been certified for food production. Otherwise it might have levels of metal or dirt or plastic or just not healthy junk in it.  It's the same thing, just not for eating. It should all be non-toxic to people though.
I have made similar traps, but never with tomato sauce. The trick I used with the jar, is to spray the inside of the edges with PAM non stick spray, once you spray the sides of the walls of the jar with it, they can't come out..
Does this really worked even if the roach thing is know just starting in my house ?
I am afraid I don't know the answer to that one, sorry. can you Google it?
Is "non toxic" diatomaceous earth the same as "food grade" diatomaceous earth? Very clever idea and thanks for sharing with us!
Dont sprey sprey attracs roaches i found out trust me
I am laughing because you are so right.
Thanks for the simple tip.  It worked VERY well easy and simple but I won't lie it was totally gross to retrieve the jar lol
Any cheap water bottle, lay on its side and add one or two ounces of water. Leave cap off of course and wait a day, it'll be full of dead roaches
Marc, glad it helped!
mrhulot thanks! it worked like a charm! .. but what i caught was an american roach. still, it worked! Btw. I used mcflurry bait :D . and it drowned XD .. thanks a lot!
I left sauce in the empty jar. If you have palmetto bugs, you won't believe how well this works.
Can roaches climb up the slippery glass jar to get in?  Why do you put air holes in the lid if your goal is to capture and kill them?  Video is helpful, though.  Gave me some good ideas.
do you need to leave any sauce residue in the jar or do you clean it first???
unless spiders are poisonous or building a web in the house I leave them alone as they are 24 hour a day bug eating machines. same with lizards.
What about spiders? How do I get rid of those pesky little black jumping spiders? There must be a nest under my house. They sometimes come up the pipes, or crawl in through a crack under the door.
I wouldn't do that! If it gets in your lungs, you'll be in trouble at some point. It is not only, "not good" to breathe, but actually dangerous. And if you "blast" a room with it, you'll probably get it into your hear & air vents. I am careful about using outside - it will also kill honeybees if they get into it. And they'll take it back to the hive. I have used it to kill earwigs who are eating the leaves on my knock-out roses, and I use it under items on my front porch where roaches hide.
How many of you guys just watched this video because you went to your bathroom for a midnight piss and saw a cockroach staring into your soul so you soiled yourself and are scared like a little girl sitting in your bed worried how youre going to kill them so you youtube it...... no... just me?
I kind of wish you could show us the thing in action. But oh well. Nice video.
Lol dude below me killed me with laughter now I have abdominal pain
when its laid and undisturbed it generally doesnt get into the air.
i used DE Food Grade for a bed bug situation and i havent seen any kind of bug since then. I watched a bee to nuts when it landed on my window sill that had DE on it.
Franklin, the DE punctures the exoskeleton of the bugs and they eventually dehydrate.
I added the DE and i put a few roaches on the powder just to observe but they didn't die... Do they die later on or what?
Be careful as it is not good to breathe
Diatomaceous Earth works so incredibly well...  Best to blast a room with it then leave the area for an hour or 2.  That dust gets everywhere. hehe
it had tomato sauce in it
was the jar clean, or did it still have tomato sauce in it?
Roaches are the worst I see them in my room
Your welcome friend, its all about the life cycle you kill them babies and adults new clutch about to be born good luck ...
ya when i first seen one i had a nevas breakdown and we to sleep in mins
wait... you just place out a jar? just a jar? O___O that's it?
thanks for the input waffle.
insulation
I did some other stuff like wall voids did you know that normally the interior walls don't have isolation, easy to kill roaches Years of killing cockroaches.  As a tech I find fulfilling.....to rid a family home of roaches n spiders wen there are little kids running around or worst babies, special preparations must be made for these little guys, makes me want to help them even more with prices that reflect there situation, the end later.
needless to say, the land lord paid me.... guess I'm good, but I'm always looking to be better
the tenant was living there before I moved in I told him to let me help him to help me so when he moved he wouldn't have to take them with him, I pulled his refrigerator out side and it was infested so bad I had to blast it with simple green and the roaches were coming outta holes going up in the fridge cavities we left some Diatomaceous earth on the bottom and hes not going have them hitching a ride to his new place. Thanks the Video.
I got the  landlord to let me remove the kitchen sink and counter top and bingo roach hide outs, roaches and there foul smelly dropping were cleaned with simple green and a scrubber, wen I moved in no roaches at all, roaches are on a 28-30 day life cycle (brown banded) so you have to keep kicking them wen there down,
Diatomaceous Earth, Hi I'm a pest control tech in Cali, looking for a new house finally found one but cockroaches riddled the kitchen, I used this stuff in conjunction with spray, fog, and vacuuming with a shop vac one month before I moved in..
I feed that to my horses lightly and have also taken it myself.???
why am i  watching this i dont even have roaches
why aam i watching thid
sure it is diatomaceous earth
Hi, I was not able to make out the name of the powder, could you kindly give me the name please?  Thank you.   I want to start right away before it's get out hand... right now they are all babies...
thanks Josh
if you want some bait that is way better take a piece of bread and put a little beer on it you  won't believe how good it works
You need very little DE, you are just leaving a coating of it so it sticks to the bugs as they walk across it.
just clean you're yard then you won't need to make one
Thanks for letting me know-try increasing your volume
BRO I COULDNT HEAR WHAT U SAID NOT SURE IF THE VIDEO HAS LESS VOLUME FROM BEFORE OR MY LAPTOPS HAS SOME SOUND PROBLEM?
they use very little oxygen compared to us.. i think starvation wud kill them sooner.. and that wud take at least 9 days..
ya some bait :D
It really works, your lizards will thank you
glad i came across this vid we just moved into an off the beaten path house in SC and a week into living here i open my walk-in closet door to see a huge roach scurry off..i'm ok with bugs since we feed our reptiles all kinds of bugs but this caught me off guard..good to know i can catch it..and maybe even feed it *and any others i catch* off..
Wow!! You tha Man!!!
oh thanks... I'll find some later during the day in my shopping list ;D thanks alot!
Hi Geneve. I got my diatomaceous earth on ebay  but you can also get some at pool supply stores,
thanks! in order to have a good trip in florida, I gotta prepare! tthanks for the tip... when I see a flying cockroach ill prob scream and have the freakiest look on my face.... is it ok to put a lot of those epic traps? like xD idk 64 of them...and how many cockroaches would you have in a house and how many cockroaches can the jar carry? where can you buy diatomaceous earth?
can't they survive in that water jar
Good tip! Thanks
Diatomaceous Earth is cheap and effective and is not toxic.
UR welcome.
Thank u bro
if you think it's hard for them to get in, you can even build a ramp. the point is it's absolutely impossible to get out afterwards because they'd have to walk upside down.
How do they get in the jar?
Thanks for the tip dogwalker
hot dog water is good for attracting  the roaches and drowned them.
Thank You!
I always used a spagetti sauce jar that I did not rinse out so there was food in my jar
Should I put food in the jar?
Hi suzy, I have never heard of the jello recipe, it sounds like a good idea and might work better than the regular boric acid concoctions.
A good method for getting rid of ants etc. is mix 1/2 Tbsp. Boric Acid, 1/4 Tbsp. Jello with sugar into 1/4 cup of water. Saturate some cotton balls with the mixture and place  the saturated cotton in a out of the way place where children, pets or curious adults don't have contact with them... The scent and sugar of the Jello attracts the insects the Boric Acid kills them. (: This should work well for any insect that will eat Jello :)
hello JC, for the larger bugs try using the jar method.
you can also get it at low cost on eaby
They sell it at some Health Food Stores and ebay and other places. It will dry out yours hands and don't inhale the stuff either. It's easy to work with it you easily avoid those 2 things, just don't treat it like you are pouring dirt, it's more like flour and it's not very expensive.
diatomaceous earth
see me on face book user name olen d seay
what was the name of the dirt?
when you see almonds with legs, this is when you need to make this :)
How does baking soda is so effective in wiping them out? It doesnt kill them instantly but softly.   I really want to watch a video that shows how baking soda reacts when they drink water.
thank you sir, i will give that a try. :)
hello Richie, I would try something that had a stronger smell like the tomato sauce or meat.  you won't need much at all.
there are roaches in my toilet last night
hello XX, the small roaches do not get trapped in the jars very well. you can try the diatomeceous earth trick I mention, roach motels, boric acid and powdered sugar, also some of the poison baits sold in the stores work well.
What is a good bait for the small roaches?!!
Those damn roaches almost scared me to death!!!
one roach lol really now must have been an orphan roach..
he said he fed it to the rooster so unless it carries to the sperm as well i think they will be alright
you only need a little, the amount left after you empty the jar is all you need
how much tomato sauce do i put in? enough to cover the Bottom of the Jar? 1 inch Deep? please let me know, also what els is good to use for Roach Bait? what kind of Foods.
Thanks eloctocs, I will sub you back. if you have big palmetto bugs, nothing works better than the jar method i recommended, and the smaller ones that can climb out of a jar will be killed by diatomeaceous earth, but roach motels work for them too. I know other things work but i only recommend what i know from experience.  Zoffinger has a great channel, i will probably feature him on my channel as he puts a lot of extra effort in his vidoes to make them enjoyable which I appreciate.
I liked your comment on zoffinger's channel. And I just subd you roach trick sounds good. I have some in my tractor at work and have not wanted to use spray because I run the a/c and an in it all day. I will try this earth stuff. Thanks
Make sure you use food grade Diatomaceous earth and NOT the DE for swimming pools. They are two different things.
Only had one in the house, now it's gone!! Took a couple days for it to climb in, and I used some spaghetti sauce. Was doubtful!
can you spray food with bug spray will it work?
what about garlic tomato sauce
how many of them actually went in?
even better.
Can you just do a combo and put a jar on a tray surrounded by diatomaceous earth??
THANK YOU! This works!!
if you just closed the jar wouldn't they suffocate
if the diatomaceous earth works the best then why don't the exterminators use them? just wondering. and why isn't it readily available in stores. They shouldn't keep products that never works in stores. I have pest control people come into my apartment every once a month, and just put these tiny traps with adhesive stuff in them, but that's all they do, and it pisses me off cuz they don't try and get rid of them, and they call themselves pest control
thank you
PALMETO BUGS ARE ROAHES  Also they carry diseases  i sure as hell dont want to bew eating any eggs from the roach eating chicken  because of some enzyme the roach has can be carried over to the chicken  to the eggs  saw this on  nightly news
so sorry for the late reply, this video was not recorded in HD, so it has less resolution and will load faster but not be as clear as HD.
also some video formats load much easier thn others.
Hello YouTubers. If you like my DIY videos, can I ask a favor? I am trying to increase  the number of subscribers to my channel. If you ever go to any online forums and think the members might like the type of frugal, DIY low tech goofball  videos I have on my channel, can you leave a link of my channel? The other day Mr Rawles over at survivalblog ( dot) com left a link to my flea control video and I got a lot of new subscribers. Any helpful criticism is also welcome. Thanks everybody.
I have tried the boric acid and pwdered sugar. But it is slow and you don't get the immediate results of seeing dead raoches in a trap or the live ones you caught in the jar. I need to repaet though, the jar method works best with the large palmetto bugs, not with smal tiny bugs. but nothing works as good as the jar on the large palmetto bugs.
I been fighting roaches for a few weeks now. My mom suggested using boric acid mixed with power sugar. Another video suggested using duct tape and peanut butter. I'll try this method too. Just gotta get rid of em.
How long will it take to get rid of the roach problem?
Tomato meat sauce worked like crazy.
hey i'm interested in the jar trap. May i know what sort of bait is the best bait for the roach to fall into the jar ? :)  cheers
Not all Palmetto bugs fly.  It takes them 2 years to mature.  Only the mature bugs fly.
Hello, I think it may be because this video was not filmed in HD, I used VGA instead
Your video starts quickly, looks good quality, and runs  without stalling on my cheap,router-- what is your secret?  Did you compress it, what?-- if you don't mind telling.
I have seen flying palmetto bugs so I have to agree with you on them flying, but I have also seen JARS  full of Palmetto bugs. Trust me, neither are a  pretty sight.
Palmetto bugs fly so how are they staying in the jar?  I can see the roaches, but not the Palmetto bugs.
that will work great for flies and gnats. if you ever have mosquito problenms I have a great video on making a fan trap for them that works very well.
Palmetto bugs are as big as your thumb and very robust. I was at my grandmas trailer one day and one crawled out in front of me on the carpet. I dropped a telephone book on it. When I picked the phone book up it ran away.. The jar woks like magic on them so never tried the DE on them. The DE works great on small bugs that the jar will not work on. baking soda and powdered sugar works too, that is what is in echols tablets.
Interesting.  I have two questions: When you say palmetto bugs are "really large," just how big is that?  Also, will the diatomaceous earth work on the palmetto bugs too?
I don't know. If I had lizards I wouldn't bother with the diatomaceous earth.
Geckos are great, if you have a wide space under your door big enough for palmetto bugs to come in the geckos can come in too. I once had a blue tailed skink in my house, they are ferocious bug eaters.
