I totally lost you after 1:47 I watched the video sooooo many times and had no idea what you did cause I'm a beginner and this is my first time knitting so, I have no idea could you explain.
6
Thank you. Am going to give this a go.
When they're in a triangle what did you do? Where did you put it
Stupidly fast and the music is awful!
You made me dizzy.
Hi there I looking for a knitting pattern for leggings do you know of a pattern thank you.
Next time you make a tutorial, don't fast forward through all of the actual teaching portions. It makes it super frustrating to actually figure out what the hell you're doing.
20 on each dpn? Or 20 dived on to 3 dpns?
tbh I'm only here to knit a "sweater" for my snake
Ugh Why does everyone use dpns for these patterns?!
music was annoying...and the explanations few but I know how to knit so I got the jist, thanks !
I need a easy leg warmer pattern using straight needles with just knit and purls ty
They look great but I have never knitted anything before and I am trying to follow along how did you get them to loop together into a circle? I got lost after the first minute and a half :-( great job tho!! They look so cute
Awesome! Thanks for sharing.
hi my name is Sue and I do my leg warmers on one needle and it's called magic loop-.
How long does this normally take you to make a pair
how many stitches have to cast on if using circular needles or one pointed needle?!
when you bind off or in Australian, cast off, instead of picking up the previous stitch with your fingers and pulling it over the next stitch, we use the left needle to pull the previous stitch over the next stitch.  Much simpler.  I did enjoy the video.  We have just moved to the mountains where it is so much colder than on the plains.  This will be invaluable to keep our legs warm.  Thanks so much.
U said "easy" but this is hard.
How much yarn did you need to knit both legwarmers?
How many stitches have to cast on if using circular or one pointed needles?? 60??
Between 1:46 and 1:47, what was the step to do ??
That was awsome
That was awsome
Thanks!!
