Use less water for the lamb curry and use a can of coconut cream instead…… I appreciate your video demonstration. Very well done, thank you.😊
Thanks so much for your video, is great to begginers ❤
I js used this and idk why the steam wasnt coming out of the valve and its been a whole day im scared to open the lid 😂
Wow! Your reviews are the best. I ended up clicking on a few others just to watch. Clear and to the point. AND proper use-case scenarios. No rambling. Amazing!
My son has been after me to get a rice cooker.  I finally pulled this out and did rice.  Works great!
I love the lid positioning on the handle tip. I didn't come across this in the manual
Thank you so much.  This video really helps a lot.❤
Thanks!
why  did they supply a metal steaming rack on a non stick pan?  this will undoubtedly damage it.
Needing to upgrade as my slow cooker is too small for six people and this video was super helpful
I don't like the idea of a non stick pot iner
Thanks for the great explanation! I'm now excited to use the crockpot at home and will be making beef and beets today using your lamb recipe.
Very useful, I will be purchasing one. Thank you
Amazing video, thank you for adding the cooking in the crock pot demo :)
Well!.. made a stew on 4 hour setting slow cook, the meat was only just done but tasteless and the veggies were still raw. Top job that👎
Is that a 5ML inner pot or 6mL , thank you for the answer in advance❤
How many ML is that i need to buy new inner pot for my crockpot but i dont know many ML is😢 because already erased
does it leach food ie plastic melts at high temperature
Mine says lit not locked when it is so wont start cooking
Thank you. I simply must have one.
I am familiar with pressure cooking devices but your video was really stellar, in 12 min you cleared every possible doubt in the functioning of the apparel. Excellent work !
Thank you for this video! So helpful.
🥳 This is SO true! My slow cooker saved Christmas last year.
Can I submerge that whole kid in water soap to clean? I bought mine second hand and it's a little dirty.
Hi, is it normal that I have the Heat sign on the display for about 40 mins? That’s how long it takes to pre heat? Still did not get to the programmed cooking part
Thanks God for technology, thank you for this video, is very useful,🥰
I get my crockpot today. This video teach me in and out everything about how the crockpot works. Thanks a lot ❤
Thank you so much - just used mine for first time
Do you have a distributor in Nigeria
are you single and live in denver?  <3 <3 <3
Excellent tutorial. I’ve never used one of these, and was contemplating on getting just a Crockpot slow cooker, but after a lot of great reviews about this cooker, I’m definitely getting it. The regular pressure cooked meat texture isn’t that nice, so I hope this one gets it right.
What’s the max pressure on it?
Old post but, is the pressure relief valve supposed to be set so high, mine just sits close to flush with the lid?
I made soup yesterday but it tasted like the smell of the machine. I've been trying to get the smells out but it stays the same. Any tips?
When using as a pressure Cooker,... does it say what the psi is on low & high?
Csn u put chicken nuggets
Stewardess voice
Great this! Thanks :) Have you seen the new Turbo model?
amazing instruction. Thank you so much for all the work you've done to make it!
Thank you so much!
I just bought one and I'm still confused how to use it 😅
Very, very usefull! Thank you very much!
This is terrific! Thank you for this video.
What does E1MEANS ? IT keep showing and stopping my pot
With all that water, that curry is gonna be pretty bland, evenafter cooking the water down..
Excellent review. I was excited but scared. Hid behind my worktop lol After watching your video I feel relieved and looking forward to cooking 😊
Thank you.  I have mine arriving tomorrow and looking forward to using it and trying different functions.  Your instructions about the steamer are  very helpful, although I will probably use the slow cooker most.
Just bought this unit and your review is amazing! Very clear. Thanks!
my dog is going crazy can you mute the beeping sounds???
Thanks a bunch,, this was given to me as a gift but during movies I have lost the instruction and recipe book , it it possible to regain that paper work?
Lost  pamphlet how do I get new one
Hi, how long does it take for lamb to cook? How long did you pressure cook in your curry?
Great video. Very informative
Hello, I cannot open my crockpot express. I have released the steam 15 after the beeper went off. Can you help please, regards Ann
Whats the Quart size of this ?
thank you
My mom borrow me a slow cooker from crockpot so I would try to make bone brogh! Then I was curiouse to have one for my own eventhought my mom does not use her slow cooker and she would most gladly gave me hers!  Then I was locking in amazon and I saw this one, then I saw your video and you just bump up my expectations! "Damn I want one for me too!"  Do you think that the Crockpot MultiCooker Turbo Express 14 to 1, is even better? or it does not have any particular advantage?
This sounds too good to be true. I put something on to slow cook on low for 6 hours then it goes on warm and I come home from work 12 hours later to a taste stew or cooked beef. Seems brilliant?
My crock pot express has 6 settings on each side you have meat stew beans chili rice ricotta Minnesota yogurt slow cook and steam on the other side it has poultry dessert soup multi grain Brown keep warm
Are you still happy about it?
Thank you for the video. We just bought and we do not have the Water & Time Chart for the different food 🥺 Maybe you can kindly share this please?
Plse help, i have the Crockpot Express 15 in 1, 7.6L & I need to know what setting to use for chicken feet bone broth or Beef marrow bone broth?
Thank you big help . Never used but now i am ready . Thank you again .
Precio$$$?
Absolutely can't get it to work just keeps flashing on 4 lights won't start a cooking cycle or count down then reads E6 and shuts off lid is definitely sealed closed and silver pressure vaule is the closed position
do a review of crockpot turbo express too
Would like to make some beans and hame hocks how do i cook this help with recipe thankyou shay😀
Mine isn’t working correct. When it is locked it tells me in red letters and alarm beeping LOCK the lid.
Beautiful job just got one im subbing awesome
Excellent video! Ty
Would you recommend using a slow cooker liner if cooking slow cooking?
Thnx for the exellent review. Just bought the slowcooker. The steam valve is loose. You showed me that's normal.
Thank you.
Is it still alive after 4+ years? Hoping to do a few roasts. I'm in the market for one.
This is awesome
Thanks a lot for this !!!! It was super helpfull ! :)
Thanks 👍 very useful your video, appreciate ❤️
Watching this detailed video makes me realize how similar this pot is to my Instant Pot. Like, I would wonder if Instant Pot could sue over patent infringement. I'm glad there are options for different budgets and preferences regardless.  Thanks for this interesting and detailed review and tutorial.
I got this as a gift for my health insurance company either I don't know how to use it right or the air fryer portion of this thing is garbage because after 25 minutes the food is still half raw where are my traditional air fryer it's done in 12 minutes
Just bought one. I’ve had an earlier type but this looks better, the only things is I think the wire steam rack lays too low in the pot should be higher like the old type. But they do save money on electric.
Its hard to stir it.
HELP I MOVED AND LOST MY CORD WERE CAN I GET A NEW ONE PLEASE
Thaaaaaaank you soooo much. You’re the only person to clearly show which is the ‘seal’ symbol. Was sooooo frustrated.
Excellent review. Thanks, A lot!🙏🙏❤❤❤
Very helpful, thank you.
Has anybody had trouble with their multi-cooker saying that the lid isn't on correctly? I have the XL version of this and has just recently been coming up with this error and I've put the seal ack in and tried multiple times and it keeps doing it :(
What size is this.
One of the best instructional video on the how to use the unit. I have one that was only used once  and the manual . After searching through all the instant pot  videos I found yours! Now I can't  wait to use it.
32 minutes to have Rice ready? Too Long
VERY USEFUL----I HAVE THIS POT AND HAVE NOT USED IT AS THE INSTRUCTIONS WERENT THIS CLEAR----I WISH YOU WOULD SHOW HOW TO DO CHICKEN SUOP
Is there a manual pressure cooking setting
If I want to cook rice separate from the soup and then add it after the soup finishes so the rice doesn’t get soggy, do I need to wash the valves and things before starting on the rice?
Thank You ! Really The Best Review
7:04 Rice
I own an Instapot version.  My concern with this brand would be the aluminum Teflon coated insert.  I think I'd prefer the stainless steal one over Teflon.   Overall, I love my multicooker and 'tube is full of recipes and instructions for cooking.
Am i the only dude here😂great video btw been planning on getting one of these for my mothers birthday
Thank you lady 🙏🏻
I bought one today after watching your videos 😍😍😍
Hmm I am not sure about rice. I find 4 mins is plenty but the basmati still comes out sticky and nowhere near as good as in a heavy saucepan.  The unit takes 6-8 mins to heat up, then 4 mins cook, then ten minutes to be safe to open. This is overall around ten minutes longer than using a pan.  For  most vegetables pressure cooking takes far longer than simply using a pan of water and you can't test for doneness  Worth pointing out is that the new models have more functions and the dangerous steam release valve has been changed so that you can release it from a switch a safe distance from where the steam actually comes out.
This is so clear, concise and to the point. Also the video quality is truly excellent. Information is clearly explained. Many thanks. 😀
Do you happen to know the watts used by the mini version of this cooker? It seems that everyone who is asked on the seller's sites has a different number.
Great, but no salt in the rice?
So helpful, thank you!
Perfect explanation 😊😚😚😚
Thank you for this video! May God bless you :)
We r having kitchen extension done and I bought one of these and can't stop watching new recipes and review everyday to make the most of it .thank you.
Why do the producers of such device don't make a video like this? I hope they paid you for this. I'm sure they spent millions in marketing.
u r the ultimate teacher. right to the point. ty.
Good review.
Thank you so much for your review. I’ve just ordered one and have always been nervous about the old style pressure cookers but decided to finally take the leap with an electric one. Your calm, clear instructions have given me confidence that I could do this. Really appreciate it
Hi from Australia. I just bought one probably the latest model. Really good demo, especially regarding the pressure release.  I worried about using it on pressure cooker for lamb shanks  but not being there when it's finished cooking. Will the unit automatically release steam or just go to keep warm mode please? Many thanks.👏👏👍👍💖
Hi Anita, I am from India and have just recovered from 3rd stage colon cancer. Hence I have to make a change in my lifestyle of cooking and food. That's why I was suggested by someone to buy a crock pot and have meals slow cooked. Would like your honest opinion if this crock pot will serve my purpose
Qué maravilla yo la compré pero no sabía utilizar Ahora sin gracias pôr tu vídeos
Thanks
I just bought this for $29.99 at best buy on their daily deals. That's a steal. Thanks for the video. Seems a little scary with the pressure but not so scary now
I bought this exact pot ... it sounds all fantastic but it offers absolutely nothing better or more than what a simple good stew pot won’t do .. absolute waste of money.
I would have bought that cooker just to have your lamb curry
Thanks for the video, helped me figure out how it sorta works, food cooking right now so we will see if I can eat it
Lol that curry looked insanely good. I've made garam masala twice before and the colour and cook on the lamb you achieved was salivating as hell. I'll definitely make my Indian/Thai curry in my crock pot express sometime soon!
This crockpot doesn't have a manual option?? but the one i looked up on amazon has manual option too!!  help me out folks , am i wrong or there are multiple versions?
Thank you!
Does anybody know what that kinda sorta flat plastic cup that comes taped to the side is used for?
I turned on slow cooker function it started making noise like something crack inside, is it mean it broken?
wow so cool i love the song
Where can you get a replacement pot?
Excelente vídeo! Gracias 😊
Thanks for this video, very helpful!!
Best how to video I've found thanks
Is this the 6 or 10 qt??
thanks !!!!
i just got this pot.  Your explanation made it super easy for me to follow without doing heavy reading.  Thank you for your clear presentation
i just this pot.  Your explanation made it super easy for me to follow without doing heavy reading.  Thank you for your clear presentation
We bought this and must have gotten a defective one. I followed the instructions to a tee. In fact how easy should it be to saute? I put in the cooking pot, press saute then start and it doesn't warm up. I tried the steamer following this tutorial exactly and it doesn't even get warm. Anyway I bought it brand new and used it once. It never worked again after that. E5 errors. I took the seal out, cleaned everything, put it back together and same thing, doesn't heat. Next stop for this piece of junk is the trash
Finally a curry explenation for the crockpot!!
Thank you so much. Straight & to the point. Just what I needed to know! I really love this Crock Pot Express Cooker. It makes meat so tender & juicy & tasty !
This was so helpful!
Best video I have seen in a long time.  Direct and to the point, perfect. Thanks and continue to do what you do.
you have made it easier than it really is, my pot never got beyond the HEAt portion of your video, never got pressure after 40 minutes I pulled the plug and walked away.  Will try again, but not for awhile.
I should really stop watching these videos when I am hungry...
Thanks for the video helps a lot!
Very helpful video got us off to a start with our crockpot express
Is it possible to cook jacket of potatoe in the Crock Pot? and if so which option should I press/temperature/time?
For 20 years I have been using a manual pressure cooker and tomorrow i am off to get one of these.
Always fluff rice with a fork, not a plastic spoon
Thank you for the thorough review!  I've had mine for over a year and never used it to cook rice.  Now I can  try out all of those rice cooker recipes I have!
RECALL NOTICE - FYI everyone, if you bought this unit be sure to have a new lid shipped to you for free by Crock Pot.  There is a recall on the lid and they will ship a new one.  I just did it and it's easy to do.  Just search for Crock Pot lid recall in your search engine.
I've just bought one..I never used pressure cooker or slow cooker...so this video is very helpful for me ..
Great video!!!
They recalled it today so sunbeam will send you a new lid you can still use it just not under the pressure mode till new lid arrives so they tell me.
I just got one but It's very frustrating trying to set the timer. I don't know what the timing means if it's hours or minutes. For almost half an hout the display was showing, HERE. Then it went to 00:42. Is that minutes or what???
Amazing. I will buy
I just got mine in the mail. Then I found your video, very helpful. Thanks
Thank you so much for sharing your video. Ilike it ❤️👍❤️
Thanks for the great instructions. This is the only way I learn. You’re a great teacher!!!!
Sorry forgot to say, best bit is you really cover the detail, which many others don't, simple points like how long it takes for pressure to build  etc. many tks again!
Appreciate the upload , many tks, trying to compare brands!
I have a question regarding which is better a crockpot or multi-cooker for a person who wants to cook chicken, beef etc.
great video. Thx!
And that rice was way overcooked.
There was no garlic in the curry!?
I went to John Lewis in London to buy one of these today but I did hesitate as I never used pressure cooker and I’m so scared , but after watching your video I feel much more confident and I think I’m going to get one. Being full time mum and working also it’s a challenge so I really need on of these . Thanks for you review  So glad I checked your channel 🙏🙏🙏
Thank you for sharing all this video. It is very clear to me now.
I loved the demonstration thank you. I was worried about the steam release valve that it was loose. I bought mine second hand and the condensation collector is missing. I guess it is important to have it right?
Where did you buy it can you please send the link
this helped so much! thanks!!!!!!
Why does it never start heating
How do you make the goddamn thing work. I turn it on lock it in place and it never heats up
What I can’t figure out is when I’m using the crockpot how do I change it from high to low
After everytime heat fish E6 showing I chk trouble shooting too but I don't know y pls can u help
Thanks for sharing demo it's very helpful I learn properly
So helpful!!  Better than other ones! Thank you
Thank you so much This was my first time using the crockpot and especially this one I wasn’t really sure of how it worked  .You made it so easy to understand I’m making ox tail so first I had it on slow cooker and then I switched to pressure instead.I really appreciate your input and made it so easy to follow thank you.
What functions do I use if I want to steep herbs for 24 hours ?
Mine is releasing steam from around the lid on meat/stew. Steam release valve is closed. Heat won't change over to the timer even after 10 minutes. It did great on slow cook but this setting is not working right and I can't figue out why
Not bad introductions but slow down a bit.
Well done for explaining function and pressure stream browning and rice but not slow cooking.
I have my crockpot and has been a bit scared to use it again. The first time i asked my husband to help me step by step. Now watching your channel is a really big help and i cant wait to try it again tomorrow!
You the best at explaining how it works, I have to watch 5 lady in YouTube and they didn’t explain it right like you.
Is it ok for steaming big amounts of vegetables?
Is it made out of teflon?
Omg the seal goes in the top ! 😭😂😂 I’m not gonna day where I put mine lol
This is a very informative video. Thank you.
I just used mine today and steam was leaking out from under the lid for most of the heating process. After that it stopped and seemed to have sealed? There was no error code or anything. Cooked my pinto beans perfectly tho. Is this normal or should I contact the manufacturer? I can’t find anything about it online :/
I absolutely love mine. Indian butter chicken is so amazing in it.
After it’s done pressure cooking it automatically counts back up the amount of time it needs to self release ? And then grab some tonsils and quick release?
Thanks for making this video. Very straight forward and easy to follow. If only more videos were this easy to follow.
One of the best demonstration videos I’ve ever seen. I can cook with so much confidence now. Thanks! :)
Does the inner pot get scratches over time with use of the steel steamer?
My crock pot is exactly like this one but it hasn't got a slot in the handle for me to put the lid on..it has the plastic bit jutting out of the lid, the container to collect the condensation but no slotted handle.. cannot understand why..
How can I find out the degrees for each setting?
Thank you, this helped me SO much!!
That meal was great,but can u please show how to cook stew pork
How long to cook pinto beans?
How do you clean the crockpot lid ?? Could you please help me on this
Thank you. At last I can USE my crock pot.
Just what I needed to give confidence to use it.
That's lot of pressure in 3 minutes
What size pot is this?
Does anyone know if you can use stainless inner pot on this crockpot cooker?
To echo the other comments, this was a fantastic review, thanks!
Great review
The best review I've seen by far.
One of the best advise. Tks
Excellent review and tutorial. Thanks! 👍
Does this unit automatically take cares if extra pressure built-up like a regular indian  pressure cooker does? I mean in indian pressure cooker once the pressure is high it whistles and take out the excess steam. Does this unit works the same way ?
The absolute best review of this model I’ve come across. Thank you so much for this, it’s been the difference between me buying and not buying. Oh and I’m buying one! 🙏🏻👍👏
This is probably going to sound strange, but the slightly bored tone in your voice seemed to reall calm me and make me realise that none of this is difficult, and completely predictable as long as I follow the instructions. Good job! And for me at least - don't change your tone. Very comforting!
What would be different if u cooked it on the stove the normal way?
I just received this as a gift. Glad there are instructional videos. Thank you for sharing 🌞🌞🌞
slow down you go to fast. in dutch: haal adem
When I press Saute it just says 'heat'  I dont think I have ever been given the choice of how long.
This was so informative, thank you for your time🙏🏽👍🏽😎
Straight to the point, more videos like this, thanks
I’m going to go out and buy one of these, I’ve been dithering too long about whether to buy one or not.  You made is look so easy
Very helpful
Very helpful especially since I can't find my booklet. Thanks
Says total time to cook rice is 22 minutes but you need to add another 5 to 10 minutes for heat up time
I purchased my cooker in the UK from a reputable company and I am surprised to find that my cooker does not have the facility to pop the lid on.  My handles are flush.    Apart from that all the same.     My favourite thing to cook is hard boiled eggs.   So easy and come out perfect every time.  I do a bunch of 6 / 8 and keep them in the fridge after cooking in a plastic sealable bag , shells intact,  for up to 7 days.  Thank you for your video , pity I had not found it about 3 weeks ago.    You have explained everything.
great demo..thank you..
Very informative and well put together. Thank you!
Thank you - this made it so much easier to use my pot!
Steam constantly blows out the bobber valve and it never pressurizes  what am i doing wrong
I noticed she said that the sealing gap should be cleaned before you first use it. Does the sealing gap need to be removed and cleaned every time the pot is used no matter which cycle is used?
What a nice video this was :D Great info!!
Well I finally used the pot last night, I fixed a steak that my wife called a roast and two baked potatoes,they were delicious,john
Got one of these for Christmas.  Hoping it becomes very usef6in my kitchen.
I can prepare Chicken Biryani using this cooker. Thanks Very much for making this video.
3:10 a steaming rack in metal? I thought don´t use any metal in this pan ??! a bit silly !!
My sister give me gift a crock pot express crock, and Im glad to have to make many recipe in less time
Thank you!
Would you recommend this over a regular crockpot slow cooker? :) Does this multicooker still slow cook just as well as the original slow cooker? Thanks :D
When I put to steam there is a ton of steam releasing from the steam valve. I made sure it is closed. It also stays on HEAT. Anyone know what we are doing wrong?
Thank you so much for this video. I just got my Crock Pot, today! I will follow your instructions. Please tell me how do you know when  to adjust the time, like you did for the curry dish? Thank you, again 🌷
has anyone used the slow cooking feature on this Crock-Pot ? Does it work  well similar to the regular slow cooking Crock-Pot ?
anyone can tell me this  : Instant cooker and Slow cooker are two spearate terms/devices correct?
In spanish please😘
Just purchased the 10 quart model. I cannot wait to put it in service.
HI I have brought a pot on internet, there is some white thing on the face of the pot, maybe is wax, i try to clean it ,but not success .did you have meet the same situation? Thanks.
Amazing review I love my express cooker
Thank you for this, I lost my instruction book. This was amazingly helpful.
How many lbs. of pressure does it use on high pressure?
this is awesome thank you very much i will buy a unit
I am considering buying one of these pots, but I wanted to see a review of how it works...I watched your video and I don't think I need to go any further with research. Great job
Great video
Hi thank for the infirmation where can i buy extra pieces for mine i like mine very much thank you.
Thank you. You answered the questions i had about cleaning which concerned me really.
Love ur way of telling it as it should be
DON'T crack me.up 🤣🤣
It takes 30mins for the thing to heat up enough to saute????
Just watched your crockpot pressure cooker review.  Your lamb curry looked delicious.  Is there any way to get the recipe? Thank you
What is the temp adjust button used for?
I am so very new to this. Just used mine for the 1st time yesterday to make a roast. It turned out so juicy and yummy but I was scared using my crockpot express crock. I was afraid I was misusing it. There was steam still coming out while it was cooking and I had an E6 error code come up twice. So with that happening and the steam coming out while it was cooking made me a nervous wreck. So I came to You tube to find a video to help me learn to use it. This was my first video to watch and you made me feel better about using it. Now I know I was doing it right. The E6 was I need to add more water (I think) to the roast. So THANK YOU for this video. I was so ready to take it back and stay old school cooking.
I just wanted to say thank you for this review.  The pressure release valve being so loose and off concerned me the item was faulty right out the package.  Good review!
you've improve a lot. your reviews were already the best. now, you're the best-est.
Thank you for explaining everything in a very comprehensive way. I read instructions but was very confused.
Awesome review! 🔥🔥🔥 You're very good at explaining the process.
Great 12 min Video and Im Ready for my First Try dinner in Crock Pot Express Yay!
Thank you for video.Could you please advise what mode the best for roast beef with potatoes?
Ho can expline me in frenche please
Can you traduct me in french please
Thank you, it is a very useful video.
Great review. Thank you.
Great review. Just picked up the 6 qt unit at my local Bed Bath & Beyond store marked down. Thanks for being specific & keeping the review interesting. I will be trying it out today.
Great demo
You are a life saver. All videos on utube are on cooking with an Instant Pot.....ugggg. Thank you for taking the time to bring us this video. Learned quite a few tips. How about some more videos!!!🤗
Awesome video!!!
Great review! I just got the new XL larger model 7.6LT it comes with a glass lid for the slow cook function, I will probably only use the pressure function though.
So helpful!  I have had my pot for 6 months and finally decided to use it; as a visual learner this video was much more helpful than the instruction booklet.  The last experience I had 15 years using a pressure canner did not end well!  :). I am sure dinner tonight will be much more successful!
.......Yassssss finally a tutorial on this unit instead of InstaPot.   I received this gift for my 50th birthday and LOVE ITTTTTTT!!  Easy to  use and I recommend it to others if you are looking for a crockpot or pressure cooker.. ITS ROCKS!  Thanks for the great video too :-)
How do you use manual pressure?
why does my my bobble valve fall out all the time? Even when I try to pressure cook it fly's out. Please Help Me.
Good tutorial. I think something is amiss with my unit.  Yours doesn’t appear to spew steam during the pressure cooking process like mine does. Mine just boils away the liquid, even though my seal is good and the pressure valve is closed properly. Ive given up using it for anything but eggs, and even then I can’t rely on the timer on the unit. I have to use my kitchen timer unless I want over cooked yolks. I have received a replacement lid and seal from the company but that has made no difference.
Excellent tutorial, and thanks for that fantastic lamb curry!  I came here to learn how to cook rice properly.    My problem:  I put in a cup of brown short grain rice, a cup and a half of water, and use the default "Rice" settings (12 mins. low pressure), and when it is done and pressure has naturally equalized, I find the rice is only halfway cooked.  Is this because brown rice?   I just run the whole thing again, 12 more minutes and the rice comes out cooked.  Normally I would use 2-to-1 water to rice, and cook in a stovetop pot for 50 mins.  I get how the pressure cooker preserves the liquid from boiling away, so you need less of it.  But I'm surprised the cooker wouldn't automatically cook brown rice perfectly.  So maybe for brown, I should increase the time to 24 mins.?  Thanks for any tips!
You convinced me to buy one today for valentine's day gift!    69 people seemed to have resealed the steam release valve with their bare hands and blame it on this review although it was mentioned otherwise...
Just got this unit today. Thank you for the great info!
So if I press poultry for my BBQ chicken, it automatically sets to pressure cook for 15 mins??? Bc that's what I need it to do.
What was confusing to me was natural release because I wasn’t sure if it could be in heat mode to be naturally releasing or do you need to turn the pot off for natural release?  It looks like you left it in heat mode. I ❤️ my crockpot pressure cooker. 🌞
just got the 6QT Multi-Cooker today. Your video helped me a lot. I am now cooking my favorite dish--- oxtail soup. Thank You very much.
Very nice! Informative and helpful, thank you!
Excellent review. Covers a lot of ground associated with this appliance. No mucking about.  Good clear overview. Just what is needed when researching potential cooking appliances.   Thanks.
this video was SO helpful, thank you SO much,,, i got one for xmas and was scared to use it, but now im ready..thanks again
Thank you for the demo and review
Thank you for being concise and no nonsense! :-)
Plissss español 😊
Awesome Video just brought an 8 quart !!!!
Best video on YouTube for this device.
That's French Honey! It's not Spanish. I love your accent though.. It's like somebody poured sugar down my eardrums! 🤩🤩
Thanks for that great review!  One addition though: Make sure not to expose your kitchen furniture to the steam (as shown in the video). Over time it can cause the wood to swell and produce damages that are very hard to repair.
This is my very first time with a pressure cooker I never had a pressure cooker before but oh boy I'm going to love it thank you y'all for pressure cooking thank you so much I'm about 10 of them I'm just crazy about pressure cooker you got to love it no more using that stove no more using that oven is pressure cook time and you will love it for real Trail no joking around get that pressure cooker you will love it I guarantee it
Thanks to you Anita, I'll start to use my steamer. Mine's is a totally different model, but now that you've shown a few things about it, my fear of it is dissipating.Thank you Anita x
Does it automatically turn on once plugged in?
Hi Anita:  Have you reviewed new versions of CPE in 4 and 8 QT size?  They have added several new presets such as Simmer, Boil etc.
Thank you for your review. It’s very informative. Could you keep posting recipes using this pressure cooker, main dishes as well as side dishes? Thank you!
Great review , very well explained .
Nice video thank you for taking the time with your details your a huge help to us lazy people ha ha
Olá, gostaria de saber se esse produto esta disponível no Brasil e se estiver,  qual o site para compra?
I see that at exactly 10 minutes and 15 seconds on this video the closed captioning has misunderstood a word you say.  I think you are trying to say GROUND masala.  But the closed captioning has misinterpreted you and replaced the word ground with a cuss word.  Just FYI.
Wish it would say Heat and not how it says it
Can be a little confusing at first but you can figure it out fast
I love my crockpot express me and mom decided to try to make are green beans with onions and ham and it usally takes all day to cook but the crockpot did it in 3 minutes and it tasted as it cooked all day I really recommend it for gifts this Christmas for that  cook in your life
thanks mam
Does the Crock Pot Express Crock multi-cooker come in an 8 qt. size?  What is the difference between the multi-cooker and the Crock Pot Pressure Cooker?
Found the video really useful. I bought my Crock Pot Multi Cooker about 2 months ago and it has been sitting on my kitchen worktop as I have not yet read the instructions. However after seeing your video I will be trying it today for the first time. Thanks for a really easy to understand introduction and demonstration.
Love this review!!! Thanks for being so in depth and for the demos!!! It really helped me
Can you use a glass lid instead of the main lid when using the slow cook function?
I've just ordered my Crock-Pot Express Multi-Cooker and it should be delivered in a couple of days! I'm from Sweden and I've been curious about these modern pressure cookers for a couple of years now. The one that initially caught my attention was the Instant Pot, but for some reason that brand haven't really found its way to the European market - apparently there are Instant Pots in UK, but there haven't been any available for delivery for months now. So after some further research I decided to go for the Crock-Pot version instead. This video was indeed promising and inspiring! I don't eat meat, so unfortunately I will not be able to enjoy that particular advantage with pressure-cooking, but hopefully I can find many vegetarian and fish dishes that will benefit from this device!
Excellent review! Have my crockpot for a while, and absolutely love it! Thank you so much for helping me!
Excellent review and basic instructions. The food looks delicious. Thanks you so much.
I also own one and like to "play" with it, everything came out awesome so far. Thank you, great video.
Thank you for sharing this great review!!!...you answered all of my questions!!!!
Thank you!  I have been afraid to use this gift I received almost 9 months ago....the whole steam thing was a little scary BUT If only I had looked for this video 9 months ago!  After watching your video, I was empowered!  Just made a yummy chicken dish.  You are wonderful!
Thank you, so much! Great review.
Thank you 🙏
Love the Express Crock Multi Cooker thank you
Perfect review! Thank you very much. You did an excellent job.
Hello, Have you information about Warranty, Ist Crockpot international Warranty ?
You are a lifesaver! I just received this unit yesterday - looked at it and thought; “Oh noooo! I need a degree from MIT to figure out how to use this thing! “  I looked  at for like 10 min and decided to look at it again tomorrow! The instruction booklet is overwhelming.  Plus, I’ve never used a pressure cooker before and they make me nervous (horror stories about the ones our parents uses). This video is so extremely helpful. Thank you again for demystifying this piece. It no doubt will be an excellent kitchen tool! Oh ...can crockpot liners be used with this for easier clean-up? Thank you.
Thank you for having such an insightful and in-depth review of this cooker and its functions! This settles the debate for Crockpot vs Instant Pot for me, Crockpot is the winner.
I bought this and regret it.  Why?  I use online recipes.  ALL recipes online are specifically for the Instant Pot.  You'll have to buy a cookbook or spend a lot of time converting an Instant Pot recipe to a Crock Pot Express recipe, which messes things up.
Really great demo.  I have been contemplating whether I need one of these and this has convinced me.  Thanks, so much!
I just bought one of these at Costco yesterday. This video was very helpful! Thank you!
The curry looks delicious!
I was so excited to find your video. Just opened my Crockpot brand pressure cooker and couldn’t figure out why the release valve was all floppy.  I couldn’t find anything in the documentation other than pointing out the two release settings. I wasn’t sure if I had to press and turn like a child safety lock on medicine.  Watched your video and voila!  Cooking pot roast, potatoes & carrots to go with Yorkshire Pudding.
Subscribed!
I bought this exact crock-pot and was so concerned with all the instant pot reviews and videos on youtube if I've made the right decision... your video was so useful and well-explained! Thank you :D
Thank you for the detailed review.  I have used mine once and was nervous to do so when I did use it because I didn't want to mess anything up.  Now I feel more comfortable after seeing your review.  I wish this was available at the time I opened and used mine but there were not many tutorials out during that time.  Cant wait to try other things
How do I simmer my curry?  Thanks.  Loved your review.  Shared on FB.
May crock pot liners be used with this cooker????r..thank you
Thank you for you review. I just recently got this same pot and still learning on how to use it.
Thank you for this awesome demo review. I just bought my mom this particular express crock multi cooker
I AM A NEW SUBSCRIBER, I love your channel
*thanks*
Always informative
