What percentage hydration is this by the way?
Have a few days off with my wife and baby boy at the mother in law's in Chiba next week. I've been looking forward to trying this out so I'll let you know how it goes! Btw, my favorite local pizza place in Tokyo is Pizza Cor a Cor, guy is from Napoli, the real deal. He uses Caputo Tipo 1 and it is amazing flour!! If you have never tried it try it :)
4:35 should be the heat source on the left? or it's an urban legend?
I cannot taste any different between 00 flour and plain flour. I think we have been punked and suckered.
Hello from Tokyo. I noticed it looks like you are using Japanese flour. I have found this fine ground flour in the stores here in Tokyo and was curious how it would compare to "00". Do you notice any difference with the stretching of the flour between the "00" and this recipe or the softness? Enjoyed the video. Arigato.
Hi sir, wanted to know , what is the other subtitute for organic whole wheat flour. THanks in advance
Not surprised 👍💯♥️
The caputo is a bit over rated. I've used 9 different flours including the caputo and all of them are a 00 and about 12% protein.  No difference in any of them .  Browning or leopard spotting is very difficult,  so I break out the blowtorch from the shed. So much easier and more control. Cheers for the vid mate
Have no idea why you just don't make the pizza right on your wooded peel? The more you mess with your dough the flatter the pizza can become
the answer is NO you can't reproduce caputo flour 00 i don't call it a pizza if it's not caputo or 5 stagioniand some other 00 italian flour the secret of a good pizza is the flour
Josh - a man of few words
Nice!
Hey Fidel do you use 0.2 grams of fresh yeast, active dry yeast, or instant yeast?
Great video Fidel! It would be awesome if you could share  specifics like brands and bakers percentages. I wouldn't know which brand to buy. Thanks again, Cheers!!!
Some of the best leoparding I have ever seen! Im a fan.
Ofcourse it's possible it's all about the hydration and fermentation methods  Pizza dough is a science  Coming from a pizzaman over 40 years of experience
Do you have the receipt written out? How much water and yeast did you use? Did you use a biga or poolish in the recipe?
Fidal where are you? We need more of your pizza videos, esp in lockdown!
Nice video. I tried making pizza with 00 flour and the dough ended up being hard, not soft. Any thoughts on what could have caused it, please?
Congratulations From Naples
Can i add to the main flour just semolina instead of cake and whole wheat flours ? Because in Colombia it very difficult to choose flours  they use a lot of corn flour and the semolina I can find it at just one supermarket 35 kilometers fare from where i live and I am already happy with this ...every foreigner here in Colombia in the city where I live PALMIRA VALLÈ , get to go to this supermarket named CARULLA in CALI city to buy the international food supply and products ...( the French products ..Americans ...Italian , Arabs ) otherwise you have to eat Latin   ( very good food ) ,but in the week- end i choose to cook my own Algerian or French food ...
I like the use of the cooling rack to release the extra burnt specks when pulling out of the oven. Great job! 👍
That is one beautiful looking pie!
4kg breadflour 1kilo cake flour 100grams whole wheatflour combine them together is that correct you mean???
Did you cold ferment and how long?
How am i suppose to weigh 0.2 gram of yeast?
How many grams did you make for one  ball?
Yay 500 Likes ^^
Hi, I love your pizzas and tutorials, very technical just the way I like it. I have few questions: 1. You cooked that pizza in 56 seconds.  is the dough completely cooked?  or is it like a rare steak where is burnt outside but still red inside? 2. At the end you wrote "Ferment 48 hours at room temperature",  What is your average room temperature?  I live in a tropical country, I'd like to know so I can make adjustments. 3.  What are the differences if you add olive oil to the dough vs not adding it?
how many cups of bread flour how many cups  of cake amd whole wheat  pllsssss
Meeeeeeeen ! I am fasting I do ramadhan and I choose the bad time to watch  this video ,me who love the American slice pizza ....daaaaaaamn ..and now my mouth it too watering...goooooooooch !!!!!! Do you know how look a hungry men in the middle of the day ? ...thank you for sharing this video with us sir .Karim from Algeria
fidel one question, 0,2 grams of yeast (dry i guess) or 2 grams? Thank you for the video !
We only have all purpose flour in our place, is it possible to achieve that crispiness outside and bubbly inside kind of dough?
it doesn't look crispy enough
I can’t believe that u can use only 0.2 g of yeast to make  it .
The worst part of any pizza video..... 6:30
That pizza that's it,a naples or napolitan pizza....how did you come with it? Ok? I will answer the secret anyway  the secret of pizza cannot ever ever be revealed not even on your dreams.....the only thing to do pizza in to the top is love and passion nothing else....two thumbs up!!!
This is not the first time he made a pizza. I bet it's also not the 100th time.
Looks awesome, as usual!
Is 00 flour bread flour?
Hes doing what I want to do so bad!!... I really enjoy watching these videos...self taught..great job!!
Hey sir again me ,what can i say i got in love with your videos ,i heard that at the begin of the video ,you build the oven , do you have any video about ?? it is half barrel vault oven ?
Bravo
Ive used this recipe at 3 parties and people like it better than the 00 flour
I must have watched this video five times before noticed the condiment box at 2:40.  Found one on Amazon just like yours and used it this week end.  Works very well.  You can prep before hand and keep it in the fridge.  Very nice.  Most of all, it will keep the flies out in the summer.  Cheers!
Nice job! In Italy, I noticed that they eat pizza with a knife and fork. Also, the pizza bottom will steam up and make the underside soggy if you place it on a solid surface as soon as it comes out of the oven. I wish I had your oven.
Great video Mr Montoya! I am using your recipe at the moment with super fine cake flour and a little wholemeal flour, like you do, though with a 2 tblspns olive oil per kilo! Should see some results soon!
05:24 - fantastic voice. :)
You should try a piece of Angle Iron in front of your fire. It keeps the pizza edge from burning, it so keeps the fire in one place.  I am experimenting with some Artisan Bread flour....fresh ground!  Trying to find my Hydration level with it.  The Flavor so far is very good!!!  Give it it a try Fidel.  Love your Vids!  Science is the key.
Beautiful! Absolutely beautiful
Do u like a round oven or a barrel style
Is this your oven Fidel?
So quick
Am I the only one that thinks Josh looks like slim shadey?
Thanks for this. Why is a bit of the organic whole wheat flour added? Just curious.
Topping ends too watery. You should put the cheese at least 8h to the fridge before cooking it. You "touch" the dough way too much also, chasing all the air. Parmegiano should be added second after tomato. Looks good though.
LMAO@ that looks reasonable. It looks incredible, Fidel.
Looks way too wet... Love your oven though... I would go with a 70% moisture mix and give it 30 seconds more in the oven...
Hi Fidel finally I could make really good pizza thanks to your recipe! you are my pizza master!  I also like this dough more than caputo. more light and crunchy. that's I like! I'm Japanese living in Tokyo so I could find same flours. they are cheap! :) I'm interested in making pizza for some event like you sometime do.  please make movie about it if possible. I want to know how to organize pop up pizzeria. how many dough and ingredients to prepare, how to carry by car, how many people help you etc.. sorry for I'm asking you many! cheers from Tokyo :) Kento
I think you must eat pizza 5 nights a week minimum. 🤣
Sweet!
Sei un maestro davvero. Thanks for sharing!
I m a italian boy and in your pizza there Is a lottare of mozzarella
Ahahha! Yes! It's possible. 12, 13 proteins (260w, 300w, are italian codes that indicates a mid strong flour). We recommend a 24 hours of total proofing: 20 hours of cold bulk and 4 hours of final proof! Kisses
Bella pizza, complimenti
The First american doing a good pizza.. bravo!!!
How much wood do you have? LOL  Also, that is an example of a good rise and bake. Well executed. I'm salivating.
Hi Fidel, great work with that experiment, i will give it a try. Let me ask you something, do you make pizza just for fun or do you make it for a living? Do you sell your pizzas or just share them with your friends?
I use bread flour for my pizza dough almost exclusively with excellent results...the longer it sits in my fridge (up to 6 day) the better it gets...I use a stone in my home oven and put out some Neapolitan/american pizzas that rival many of our wonderful local long time pizzerias...
Dlaczego wykładasz na siatkę ?
what did you do with 60 pizzas?
Trying this out today. I've thought of it before, just never wanted to risk it, and I finally have a pizza oven to cook in, so it's worth a shot.
caputo is good but not the best, i think the right way is using 0 flour
Somehow, I missed this video earlier but a nice surprise today. I'll give the new dough a try because high praise from your wife just can't be wrong. Good video, as always. Thanks!
Hey Fidel, if I want to replace the yeast for sourdough, how much should I use for a kg of flour? Thanks in advance
Awesome Fidel - the pizza master in action! Nice to see you using your big oven again :) I am again struggling to find Caputo 00 "Pizzeria" flour in Toronto, so this is timely. I've got some 5 Stagione which is just ok, but it doesn't seem to yield the same results. I also found 1kg bags of Caputo 00 "Chef's Flour" which worked fairly well, but also isn't quite the same.
Great video as always 👍
Where's the dough recipe yo!
Fidel, just started watching your channel, and it's fantastic... this video is no exception ! - well done sir !
finely got my 70x70 party pizza going. Love making the dough and using the oven
Nice oven mate well done on the pizza
That's a great experiment. I will try this too. BTW, I'd really enjoy watching you experiment with other yeasts like brewers yeast, biga, and homemade sourdough starter. Cheers and keep making videos! You've helped me make better dough consistency for my pizza making adventures.
Great to see you uploading videos:-)  I sometimes cannot get Caputo 00, so I've used supermarket brands of 00....which have worked well.  There are so many factors involved in dough making.  I live in the UK and it's cold and wet a lot of the time - this certainly affects the dough making process.  If it's warm, I find the initial rise is good; I thin use the fridge to slow down the fermentation (about 65% hydration).  I have found when using bread flour, the dough is too lively and become difficult to shape.  It's an art and a science is making dough!   I'll try using something similar to your recipe!  Thanks Tony
Can you please do a 3  8 ounce ball recipe of the great flour dough
Hey Fidel, you mentioned your oven been going all day. How long does it take to come up to temp and how do you keep it going all day?? I only ever do a few pizzas, just wondering if easier to get oven hot early rather than rushing.
Of course is possible check my channel out I never used Caputo all different flour
the question should be: why is neapolitan sauce always bland?
Fidel, fantastic looking pizza, could you share how long was the bulk + balled hours, and what was the average room temperature?
Bravo!
Looks great will be trying that dough soon good to see you again great job
Good timing - I'm having people over for pizza and I went to make the dough and didn't have enough OO flour so added in bakers flour. The dough LOOKS fine ... !
Nice Pie!! Can you share the recipe using bakers %. Thx
He is baaaaaaaaaaaaaack wohooooo yaaayyyy
Have you ever tried experimenting with different yeasts?  and if so which ones work the best?  or do you use starters ?  p.s. REALLY like having the recipe at the end !!!
Cheers, Fidel. Great to see you post again. Keep those videos coming and thank you for the recipe.
Thanks for sharing the recipe Fidel.
This looks amazing! Could you please share your recipe for the dough?
0,2 gr of yeast or 2 gr, for 1kg of flour ? Thanks
I love those burned spots...... they taste so good!! Thanks for videos....... ALWAYS look forward to them.
Nice Fidel I see you do the one pull pizza launch into the oven now!
So another video in like 4 months🙁🙁? I am kidding,great job Fidel love your passion for pizza have a great time ! Cheers!! 🍕🍕😍
Great One! We are just starting out on our wood fired clay brick pizza oven, and there is so much to learn. Thanks for the ideas.
