Thank you for this.  Now I can enjoy my favourite soup at home while COVID-19 isolated.
Hi there!  I just tried your recipe and it was amazing!
Just made some for my family and they loved it!! Thank you so much for sharing your recipe ❤❤❤
looks lovely but can you help me? I add all my favorite dishes to liked recipes and don't know how to retrieve them
Umm , buonissimo!!!
very nicely presented and looks AMAZING.thanks for the tips and sharing.
I have fallen in love with this. Amazing; and is versatile. With a little imagination you can make it a beef, pork, chicken, Mexican..lol it is amazing. Thank you for sharing.
Looks delicious I am definitely trying it out!
Yummmy jncookingchannel
so what's JN stand for?:)
if tried this ting so many times  and its deliceos subsribe
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  yum
I love wonton soup, never realized how easy it is to make. I'm definitely gonna be trying this soon
looks delis will try
I could have used mushroom seasoning or chicken boulion.
I could have used mushroom seasoning or chicken boulion.
Will definitely try your recipe!  Thanks for keeping it simple without using artificial packaging as flavor enhancements!
Can we also use corn starch in this recipe?
Usually the Chinese don't put fish sauce in wontons
As i was watching at 5:50, i see this side dish what is the name of the dish.
I was watching at 5:
I mean what's the bowl full of
I mean what's the bowl full of
What's on the side of wonton soup
This is SOOO FULL of Good Flavor! Love this Recipe! Made this countless times...I have to stop myself sometimes!  Thanks so much!
I made this last week. It was delicious! Thank you for this video!!
Can I add ground pork to this?
This one looks amazing! I will try it some time soon. If possible, could you make more seafood dishes- whether it's Vietnamese or Chinese. Thanks!
I LITERALLY live off Asian cuisine(I'm a black guy from America). Thanks a million for postng. :)
As always, beautiful and delectable looking recipe.  Does your family eat like this everyday?!?  You are one lucky girl.  And to think, you are so thin!  It's 'cause you're a meat eater, isn't it? High five for more meat!!  LOL!
LOL! The money bag! I love it!
Jn, I can't find wonton wraps so I can't make this soup! :( I will have to content myself with watching your amazing video but it's so tantalizing!! I wanna eat it!!!
youtube should make a 'love' button for your videos!!
Look sooo good...im trying it tonite
Do you know how to make Mi vit quay? If so please make a video it is one dish im desperate to learn how to make!
Jn, all your dishes look mouthwateringly delicious!! I need to get some wanton wrap in order to make this soup! :D
Yes, I have noticed those chunks and it was a very smart cooking touch.
It should be very tasty, though crashing the king prawns makes my heart bleed.:)
Did u seal wonton w water or egg whites
Can I add ground pork w it
