Thank you so so much for this video! The different colors helped me finally understand where to but my stitches when the pattern says to crochet into base of chain. And now I see that the slip stitch becomes part of the stitch that it goes into like matrimony!
This is so helpful! Thank you for sharing 🙏
Brilliant! And thank you 🙂
I always think of this video as the one that helped crochet click for me. I could never forget the wedding! I learned about the structure of stitches, but also noticed the wrapping technique you use. I had always struggled with hand pain while crocheting, to the point I thought it wasn't for me. But your technique is amazing for my particular hands. So thank you Margaret, you'll always be my crochet guru! :)
Thank you so much! I think this explains why when I crochet hats that the finished circumference is always so much larger than the crown. I have no problem making the flat crown the right size, but the circumference is always too big.
This was informational and easy to understand!!
Thank you for this easy understanding of base of chain. I can crack on with learning a new pattern now.  x
Thanks for sharing the tutorial beautifully using 3 colours. It makes it clear to understand. I am not sure what is meant by joinin with the low point. It was in one of the steps in irish crochet rose. Could you show a method to join the last petal in a round before starting to make loops for the next round please. Is it a rule to connect/ join loops with a SC and the last loop woth a slip stitch. Also before starting to make chain loops at the back some patterns use inserting the hook from the back and pulling the yarn to make a SC. Then it says to make chains for the loop. When joining the last chain loop do we connect and join by slip stitching in the sc made earlier.  These are some areas which i find not clear as the pattern is in a different language and when translated it is different.  Thanks Sorry for so many querries. As i watched the video it occured that these points are not covered much in tutorials.
This was such a good explanation of something I was never able to understand before!  The joining with the slip stitch always throws me off, because, as you say, it looks like two stitches.  The concept of them "being married" is very helpful!  Thank you for posting such a clear explanation with such great visuals.
Hi, can you show me how to 2tr into base of 3ch please? Hope you answer this, thank you💜
Great video explaining a rather complicated issue!  Thank you so much!!
You were the only video I found that even mentioned "the base".  I've been crocheting for many, many years and have never come across that term.  Guess you can teach an old dog after all.  😊
THANK YOU. I was beginning to despair of my pattern because I didn't understand what it meant to crochet in the base of the chain. Now I do! Thank you so much!
Thank you so much for making this video!! I’ve been crocheting for years and I’ve always struggled with this but I finally understand! You are seriously my favorite person of the day 😊
Thank you so much! I have been trying to work up a sweater for my son and I kept getting off on the stitch count and couldn't figure out what the issue was. This was excellent. Thanks again.
Thank you your explanation was superb  Kept messing up a pattern and you have shown my why I was doing it  Understand understand  Please make more videos 👍👍👍
I'm new to crocheting and this is exactly what I've been looking for! After watching this, I've been doing it wrong and now I know where I went wrong! Thank you so much for the great explanation and video! It helped so much!
Awesome explanation.Thank you!!
Tks for this wonderful video! I have another question related to this, when you join to the top of the chain three that's kind of difficult for me – you showed you had two loops of that top chain on your hook, but my chain has one loop -so how did you get two loops? Can you show a video of that up close please and send me link?
I taught myself to crochet and have been doing it for a few years now but always seem to have trouble with this step. Thank you so much for your clear instructions. I think I’ve finally got it.
This was extremely helpful. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I am crocheting an afghan and just came across the directions "3dc cluster into BASE of first 3ch".  I am not really a novice crocheter but I did not understand this direction.  Voila Youtube!!!  You not only explained it but you showed how to do it so clearly.  Your explanations are very detailed but simple.  Thank you so much!!!
Great explanation, thanks so much!
Thank you, thank you. I'm crocheting a baby blanket for the 300th time, and never saw a pattern speak of joining at the base of ch3. I googled, and they pointed to you, and I must say again, thank you, thank you.
Thank you!  Nice clear lesson.  So appreciate it.
This just blew my mind. Most helpful video I’ve seen yet! Thank you!!!!
Great tutorial thank you, I had no idea how to crochet into the base of a chain before! Lovely clear instructions too!
Oh my gosh, this was so helpful, thank you so much for this tutorial! Crocheting some baby mitts and it had this instruction and i was so confused, but this completely cleared it up for me! :)
WOW!!!  Thank You :)
Thanks for vid
I understand that you don't stitch into the slip stitch you made!! Do you go into the space you went into to make the slip stitch??  When I do hats in the round with no join it's always uneven when I'm done and fasten off. looks like I stopped in the middle of a row or something.  Never have this problem when make hats with a join. How can I fix this??
Oh Margaret, thank you so very much for showing this as i just went thru this. i literally sat and stared thinking"ok where do i go?" you made my light bulb go off. then i thought. duhhhhhhhhhhh bev...... thanks sweetie
Great video ! I wish I had had a you tube video when I was learning to crochet way back when. My Husband watches your videos with me and while he has learned a lot of crochet "language" he still don't crochet. But he did say hey... she didn't say "Hi it's me Margaret " I said no she sure didn't lol
Thanks again. Now I know how to crochet it.
I used to make a mistake when I would add a border around my project. I would add the Border into the same Loop as the base single crochet stitch. now i have learned differently. Do you have a video tutorial on how to do that?
very nicely done!
your marriage visual is cute and i actually thought it was so pretty seeing it in the three colors.   when i was a brand new crocheter, i would put an extra stitch into that gap.  The visual cues that helped me correct that were two fold:  1. that extra space is where your starting chain is coming out of.  that starting chain won't be coming out of the last actual stitch so, if the starting chain is "inside" that last "loop" then you don't add a stitch there.   2. Not much later, i got more comfy with the anatomy of the stitch and realized that if you follow the post of the stitch up, the little "hole" space to the top right is the top of that stitch, NOT the space on the left side (assuming you are crocheting right handed of course).  So identifying the post of the last stitch in the previous round and following it up and to the right to find the top of that stitch tells you where to put your last stitch.   That second identifier is what keeps you from making mistakes when working cables and post stitches.   A lot of times a post stitch can "hide" the top of the next stitch a bit,  making it easy to skip the next non post stitch but if you always identify the post and know where the top of the stitch is in relation to that post, you'll know not to miss it.   This is also useful when working corners on granny squares when you might accidentally cover the top of the first stitch after a corner but, seeing that first post tells you that there's a stitch there so you know to find it, even if it's buried.
Margaret I would love to know how to do a half hexagon in order to finish a beautiful afghan that has been years in the making for years.  The original pattern had an error that none of my crochet expert friends could work out.  A yarn shop owner took on the project to work it out but unfortunately, she closed her shop and cannot find my original pattern or the diagram that she made.  I am not a diagram crocheter and the half hexagon vids on Ytube are very confusing; I can get so far with those tutorials but get stuck everytime (lol).  Help  !!!!!!  I found you via J's Knit and Purl and have been watching your videos.......
I have not seen where it said to do it in the base but seen it say in the same stitch so would that be the same place? Maybe that is why my things do not look right at times
Thanks for this tutorial. I've been crocheting off and on for years but since I taught myself pre-YouTube, I've never been sure about this instruction. I've just fumbled my way through it and hoped it was right. Most of the patterns I've used have the total stitch count at the end of every round; if I had too many or too few, I'd make an adjustment but I never really knew how I messed up. This video makes it more clear.
when I slip stitch to join, I pull that slip stitch very tight so when I get back around to it I can tell that it is not a real Stitch
what brand of crochet hook are you using here?  it has an interesting hook
Love your tutorial will always remember the marriage my 24's turns into 25 stitches when I'm making hats very glad you used different colors I clearly see where I been going wrong thank you🤗🤗🤗😇😇😇
Using different colored yarns was a bug help... Smart girl!💜💜😎
Thank you!
Could you explain where the last stitch is of a row please
it didnt do it for me. i will have to listen to it again.
Hi Margaret,  This was so helpful and I'm so sorry for you loss of Smitty, Sending soooooo many hugs,                                                          Caitlin <3
