*FAQ -* UPDATED 03/02/2019 *Contact Adhesive/Cement* - Chances are your glue and XPS Foam are going to be different to mine so the compatibility may vary. The solvents in the contact cement could possibly melt your foam, it melted the surface of mine but only a tiny bit. Be sure to apply in very thin coats and test the adhesive on some scrap pieces first. If you're still having problems you could try a water based contact adhesive (the drying times are much longer). Or simply use low temp hot glue (not as temperature resistant or tough and you might need to cover up your joins if you can't get them flush and be sure to get rid of your glue strings). UPDATE - Water based Contact Adhesive sucks, try a construction adhesive suitable for foam like Liquid Nails Fast Grab (the kind that comes in tubes for a chalking gun) *Expanded PVC / EPVC / Foam PVC* - I use 3mm (0.118 inches). This stuff might be harder to get in the states than I first thought. You can order it from Lowes in the US if they don't have it on the shelf. *Spider* - Still unidentified, haven't worked up the courage to look it up in the spider directory, too many spiders.
hey trent thanks for all u do ! i was wondering if u could share the recipe for that desert color scheme in written steps im confused by the numbers going down the vertical column in the chart you made for them are they supposed to be mix ratios?
Those textures are awesome! Time to get practicing.
What is the name of this board... Thank you for being creative
I wish we could get a revisit from this someday. With all the experience you earned over the last few years. 😃
Mate, this us awesome,  loving the Mars / Klandathu look of the senery.
Wow, I started watching your during covid when you were working on Arcane Ugly. (really inspired by your solutions to writers block btw). You look so very different in this lmao, it's insane. Still love your stuff! Make what you want to make, content wise, don't listen to all of us. Also make more RPG-creating content because unlike all this rabble I actually know what I want /s
Modular first design. Don't glue things together if you don't have to.
Just found your channel…..great stuff. Do you do any 1/35 scale modelling?
I must mention, some hobby stores that sell model trains have molds for hills and such along with trees and other small terrain. Great if you need some small bits like little bushes or trees.
F
Those thin long blades aren't designed to be used fully extended... They are designed to be used in the same way you would use a regular stanley knife. When the end goes blunt you extend the blade 1 segment and snap off the blunt bit. You then have a sharp blade again.
I cannot find XPS foam that is thick enough for the life of me...does anyone know where I can order some online??
What brand of contact cement do you use?
Firstly I was ASTONISHED at how peacefully you looked at the cockroach and just went on working (I'd scream and popped up onto the chair and probably have a mental breakdown 🙃), and then I remembered. You're from AUSTRALIA. You've got such a variety of fuckers creeping into your houses like it's free real estate that these guys are just cutie pies for ye, I guess... Well, in fact, cockroaches are not uncommon around the area I live in (Central Russia), but I'm just fearful and sensitive as shit🌚 Good build, btw!
I wonder if I could use soft sponge foam to do this? Has anyone tried? I'd use a mixed pre-coloured acrylic caulking to smear ove it all to give it a bit of rigidity... Good idea or not?
OH MY GOD THAT PSUEDOSCORPION WAS ADORABLE
A great argument for vented foam and water-soluble adhesives and skewers!
Top brow
como se chama esse material parece isopor
Nice job man 🙏
this will be perfect for my ad mech
Sure would love it if he said what spray paint that was other than 'maroon spray paint' seems too light to be maroon
Ah I see u are a terrain master. Challenge accepted. Lol
Amazing 😀
2:27 Excuse me,  I love Hotglue!!!
Very Beautiful Terrain
Tamiya makes Acrylic spray cans
Great video mate :)
I’m going to make these but paint them like stone and apply flocking so they’re like small mountains or big hills. who knows.
Hallo
Who thought this was going to be Minecraft?
I love all the spider kin
Amazing work! :D
I have seen the thumbnail and thought he is baking chocolate cake XD
awesome
Amazing vid!
that was a stink bug
Applause from Trent Bridge town! Best XPS-to-rock carving I've seen - this is SFX quality pretend cragging.
Me: What girlfriend?
Cant get this foam in US its so annoying our pink foam is shit
Wich army you are collecting?
where can i get your work trousers
how would you adjust the paint scheme to make it less Martian and more deserty?
How did you get foam? I’m from nsw and I can’t find any XPS foam anywhere.
Miscast Terrain! great name. Checking out your patreon.
Great result.
Not gonna lie the sound of the lil blade ricocheting sounded badass 1:17
1:27 spider
1:16, this is how Carl lost his eye in the comics.
I hate playing on this terrain. You can't place your models on it well enough for it to be worth moving over. Too much movement dead space.
You’d get paid a fortune if you sold these!
Miscast, u have the tools like Dexter Morgan and ur doing 40k Terrain Art!
Amazing work
The partially melted look on some pieces adds to the terrain, almost like it's heavily corroded lava flows or wind erosion of soft rock.
Just like the simulations
I need to do this
Brilliant video
You produce a lot of waste cutting the basic forms with a knife, use a hot wire cutter instead
This man saw a lot of knife sharpening videos, can't remember the name of the weird dude. Same way to film and naration. Cool job, impressive result
The terrain looks very good. The presentation was well done as well.
Bold of you to assume I have a girlfriend
Thoughts on the safety note: no need. Maybe people who aren't able to use knives or scissors without hurting themselves shouldn't be fruitful and multiply. Don't worry about kids, they don't have the financial means to afford 40K.
Hi mate, do have the name of the hardware store you got the XPS foam from? Presuming you got it from Aus, cheers!
What paints do you suggest for doing large terrain like this?
For the Emperor
You're a legend
Expanded PVC? Can I get this from Bunnings? I'm guessing your in Australia?
Arrrr! That be mars just like what i need.....Arrrrr! ...well cool young pirate now get out n swab them decks....Arrrrr!..🎩
That would look great on an Epic 40k battlefield.
Incredible!
mixing spray and brush paint, needs planning. Solvent in spraycans can make stuff boil, especially cheap stuff. Try to stay within brand if doing different layers. Never use cheap spray primer, go industrial or have stuff made.
Bunnings for the base plate material?
No thanks. Scrap wood, cardboard and plaster for me. More fun too.
Great video dude! What thickness is the expanded PVC board please?
This is the second video of yours I've seen and I love the content, but safety man. If you're using one of those wiggly blades that can snap, some safety glasses. When you're spraying paint, some kind of mask, man. You want to keep doing this until you're an old man like me!
Good stuff. I made my terrain in a very similar way. But I used mdf for the bases.
Your apron is really cool.
Круто 👍
ok i subscribe
Your Aussie, ? Can you get from Bunnings ?
Well my understudy of table top terrain crafting starts today. And I'm loving your teachings brother! Happy New Year 2020! I look forward to learning all I can from you and other amazing talented Craft Artist. ^_^ Aloha!
sheet or shit? accent
modge podge coat. lets you do whatever you want to foam. depending on the modge podge, it also acts as a hardening agent for the foam to keep it relatively protected.
Awesome work, do you sell any of your terrain?
What type of foam is this and where do you get it?
Hey! New subscriber here, I have no idea why I'd not found your channel earlier!! Excellent production, and excellent content. :oD
Try Mod Podge for coating your pieces, you can then spray them with can primer. PVA and water doesn’t seal well enough ... can’t take the credit though ... I learned this from Black Magic Craft. Just paying it forward, love the videos!
I have to disagree with about the hot glue sir. Some people live by that stuff.
When part II is coming out?
that moment when you stopped, looked at the cockroach, then continued, was an entire thesis of a mood
Is this the same as foamboard? I've not had much luck with that stuff. I've seen it warp on other folk's projects.
You should watch some online videos about painting rock texture most of the people start by painting the parts flat black  then they build up the layers using other colors with the final color being dry brushed on I noticed that you tried to darken the crevices as your last step your rocks looked good and with the right painting technique they would rival that of most well known diorama model makers online but like with any artist you'll always get your best fxs by looking at and modeling some of the surfaces to look like a natural rock face
fantastic
Those rocks rock!
They look awesome - nice simple approach. Great tip on the pvc sheet - will have a look fir that. Warping = 😡😡😡 Thanks another great vid!
Can we get the paint scheme for that more natural rock look that was part of your two demo pieces?
black magic craft uses mod podge to seal his foam, which seems to protect it when you use spray primers   awesome builds by the way! i've been binge watching your chanel
Is the baseboard you used a single piece of foam, for the foam sandwiched between two sheets of what appears to be some type of solid sheathing?
Nice job ...love the colors, If you could show a slower more in-depth look at how you chop them up it would be helpful to us newer guys. Thanks and keep on keeping on!
When is the next video about 40k terrain?
I recommend Glidden Gripper paint primer for flat surfaces to glue styrofoam together.  Their are videos of its effectiveness online.  The product is cheap, and easy to apply.   The down side would be you have to weigh down the styrofoam you are using,  and it's a paint that has to be brushed on.
When making this type of terrain, I prefer just using my Kershaw folding knife to make craggy edges. Strong, sharp blade, and I don't have to worry about bits of sharp metal exploding everywhere.
Have you ever tried BMC's adding black acrylic paint to mod podge primes it. Creates a tough shell and protects the foam from melting.
Hi guys! I make DnD/warhammer related videos about terrain making. I'd be glad if you check it out. Have a nice day ❤︎
Great little video mate,like how you showed your mistakes. Just subbed! (New viewer)
EWW GET THOSE TYRANIDS OUT REEEEEE
Great video! What thickness PVC foam board did you use ? thanks in advance!
Great video, I would undercoat with mod podge and black paint. Then seal it afterward in your sealant of choice to give it a tougher coating.   Trying to plan a build for an underground caverns and tunnels, for a post apocalyptic setting.  Using the Tagoskan Wasteland map by Heroic Maps, for my gaming mat. I had it printed on a PVC 50"x50" banner for £17 including shipping. And this video has given me some ideas, need to build some junk buildings, bridges and scatter pieces as well.
Hey any suggestions for what citadel paints to use to replicate your red color scheme? I'm looking for a red desert base theme.
Please put material list
You should switch to an airbrush for the spray applications of paint. Easier to control, cheaper paint by volume, and you can hit things lightly to have your underpainting show through. After getting one I have never gone back to spray cans for any reason. Yes they take some getting used to, and yes they are initially expensive, but the trade off in control and quality of work is invaluable. Keep up the great work, love your vids!
Hi, i sprayed the primer on the polyfoam but it softened the surface a lot, how should i fix it? Should i coat it with vynil glue first? Thanks
Awesome!! I am binge watching all your videos!! Super impressed!! Please do more regular videos.. also just to know what is the thickness of the foam board that you are using in this video?
+1 for the contact cement. I also use that for a lot of things, especially in areas where air drying glue won't be getting any air
Great video! Your content has helped me a ton with creating terrian
*Finally finds foam board, chipboard and xps locally * *finds out about expanded pvc and has to find it *
You have changed my scenery making life! that PVC board is amazing. After watching this video I went to the local big warehouse and found some - not only is it as easy to cut as you say, but I can now make some decent fields with fences that I couldn't make before using MDF or other items.
that bug at 1:26
Nice work. I'm putting a Martian board together. What colour palette did you use. Looks good. Nice tutorial.
Hola. Qué material es el que utilizas? Me he quedado alucinado y quiero hacerlo. Soy de espalda. Saludos.
Great looking rocks, they look pretty martian :)
Very nice, have subscribed, all the best, Garry
The only thing I disagree with other then the over priming, is the foam board. I've yet to find something that works perfect
review videos aren't all bad...
Really great videos !
Love your videos man! Thank you!
How do you keep your foam from warping??
Awesome work.. really feeling the aesthetics on this.. and so true about taking notes... it can be as simple as a piece of paper but save you tons of head space down the road!
Legendary. Fantastic tutorial. Made a ton of rocky terrain but this really added a few things I"m gonna add next time I make some terrain. What kinda paint did you use? I'll check the rest of the videos to see if you mentioned it elsewhere
I know it's out of context but ... Please check out "Encounter Wargaming" https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI5MhLILQVPpCQuibwNFaLQ They really deserve a "shout out". In our little "terrain world" we must help each other by spreading each other's ideas and inspiration. and through that open up for more people will join our little "terrain world". ;-)
How the fuck do you play with this. !?!??
How did I miss this video? Great work man, as usual. Hope you wear some protective gear when you're working with oil-based glues and your clear coat sprays :) Keep it going.
cool vid thx for the idies
These videos are so amazing! There is nothing like soothing music and building terrain :)
What paints did you use to apply the wash and the spray? Can I use basically anything? Can you use the same paints for minis? Great video, I subscribed.
Could you try to do a necron terrain and buildings video?
You're the Bob Ross of miniature wargaming hobbies
Thanks this helped alot!!!
Great video! Would be awesome to see you tackle some sci-fi buildings or structures in the future.
you need to please the spirit of the blade first
You can use PVA to stick them together. You just need to apply it in small patches so it has gaps to breathe. If it's not drying you probably smothered the whole surface.
Awesome! I did a full set of hills that have the same, mars colors, as yours. Love them to this day ^^D
Awesome vid mate
"Oh no, not the dirt people!"-Sheldon Cooper
The results look fine, I made similar pieces for my Mars board. But the method and process are inefficient. You could save several steps.  BTW: What are the bases made of and where do you get them?
Awesome terrain. Looks like mars theme terrain. Just what I need for my mechanicus kill team
Can you make a gatehouse?
Mint
I've loved your vids for a while, and would happily support you on patreon on a per-video basis.  Your posting schedule is too irregular for just a monthly sub from me, though.  I only have so much to give, you know?  I've learned something from every video you post, and I love your simple, no-frills style.  Give us more ways to give you money, and we will give you money.
Marry me, Trent
*FAQ -* UPDATED 03/02/2019 *Contact Adhesive/Cement* - Chances are your glue and XPS Foam are going to be different to mine so the compatibility may vary. The solvents in the contact cement could possibly melt your foam, it melted the surface of mine but only a tiny bit. Be sure to apply in very thin coats and test the adhesive on some scrap pieces first. If you're still having problems you could try a water based contact adhesive (the drying times are much longer). Or simply use low temp hot glue (not as temperature resistant or tough and you might need to cover up your joins if you can't get them flush and be sure to get rid of your glue strings). UPDATE - Water based Contact Adhesive sucks, try a construction adhesive suitable for foam like Liquid Nails Fast Grab (the kind that comes in tubes for a chalking gun) *Expanded PVC / EPVC / Foam PVC* - I use 3mm (0.118 inches). This stuff might be harder to get in the states than I first thought. You can order it from Lowes in the US if they don't have it on the shelf. *Spider* - Still unidentified, haven't worked up the courage to look it up in the spider directory, too many spiders.
Sorry, what kind of glue is it? I can´t get it, thx
FYI, I tried using Weldwood Contact Cement to glue together my XPS, and the stuff melted through my foam board faster than acetone.  Exactly what product, or brand of contact cement, did you use for this project?
It was a pseudo-scorpio
Are you from nyc cuz im pretty sure i saw you today in a gw store
You, Luke APS and Miniac are the big three of the miniature wargaming universe
2:34 Looks like some kind of pseudoscorpion, perhaps of the family neobisiidae, but the footage is not clear for proper identification. Nice video.
3:19 you don’t like leakycheese ?
Why does he have so many bugs?
Creative, effective and beautiful job...have to try it!
Another class video. What thickness is the epvc you are using there? Also... that apron is rather fetching.
Subscribed. A lot.
Tyranid infestation detected...  Solution: EXTERMINATUS ... ... ... execute...
great video... quick question....expanded pvc, is that foamboard here in the U.S. ? foam in the middle with paper on both sides?
Hey man, thank you so much for this video, really well documented and presented. I have checked out some of your other terrain builds and your awesome. legend man keep on making more terrain vids!!
Would have been nice to have a reference for the height you were working to? It’s great having loads of really cool looking terrain but if none of your models can actually move up or into it they are kinda useless
My Friend plays Tau and shes really wanted to find some Tau Terrain, But has been unable to find any good ones, Would you be able to possibly make some in a video at a point? Thanks for all your hard work <3
Good poop brother gamer, how bout an Airbrush ?
what's the thickness of the expanded pvc you use ?
In the US the aggravation is that hardware stores only sell corrugated PVC for sign material. In order to get closed cell PVA sheets for hobby use we have to special order them from limited availability retailers online, or amazon. Its expensive.  I really wish the US big box stores would carry it, I don't know why they only carry the corrugated crap. I only have a few small sheets and those were costly to order.
Nice, nice...! 👍🏻
Fantastic video. Great editing and closeup shots. I also appreciated u including the mistakes and your tips as u went along. I subscribed :)
man your vids are great keep up the good work :)
Awesome stuff but what the hell was that weird ass spider!
First time on your channel. The production value of your videos is awesome! Also very informative.
Your lighting and shots look great. Thanks for the video.
Your work is pretty amazing.
Look, I don't play war games and will never make terrain (although I'd love to). I just like watching your videos.
Wow! As you put it, really cool. Really cool. A joy to watch. Subscribed and added this video to a how to playlist
yeees <3
Can you do a video of the paints that you use pls I’m from Mexico 🇲🇽
Wooow 😦 love your vids please more of orks
Feeling inspired to finish my table after exams. Cheers mate.
Trent, is there a possibility that you could make a video on how to plan out a while 6x4ft board thats got inlaid trenches etc? I've always wanted to make a board that is stalingrad esque but I can't get my head around planning these sort of things. I've made small pieces of terrain in the past, but I'm worried that it would just look terrible.
This looks great, thanks for the tutorial. What would you have done differently if you were to go back and use something instead of the brush and spray white coats?
Yas queen. They look awesome.
I always love these videos. Great work, as always!
Super well shot and great information. Will be checking our more of  your content.  Keep it up!!!
Haha. When you said "using this for our future projects" I thought future, as in futuristic style, being Warhammer 40k, not the near future in the real world. Cool project. Thanks for sharing.
Man, i love your videos. You and Black Magic Craft are the best
Rockin
Great video as usual! Keep up the great work mate!
I love the colors, really a great video of how to make some  cool Mars desert hill's. Many thanks for showing and please keep up the good work ;-))
Noticed other terrain makers in the comments, good to see everyone picks up stuff from others.
Great as always! Greetings from Germany
This is just solid. I love seeing some base material for terrain that can be expanded on to your skill level. Love seeing you back!!!
You have such a relaxing voice, i can watch your videos for hours. Have you considred doing something longer? I would totally watch it while i pant.
KEEP DOING THIS PLS
Love your vids man keep it up
Epic
Awesome video mate
I did a Miscast Terrain Marathon today and I was wondering when the next video would come out.
Such a fantastic video. I like the bright colors you used for like a red desert look
Could you list out what paints you used! Love the look!!
Why didn't you just cover the entire surface of every terrain piece in your signature miscast terrain sand?
Keep up the great videos man. One of my favorite channels. Solid tutorials.
Bro I love your vids
Awesome video as always brother!
Hi Im first here
