Has anyone noticed that the jellyfish and the doctor are acted by the same woman?
Question. Can u use wet sand? I heard u could
What if I don't have seawater?
i am totaly not getting a injection it hurts
2:00 i got scared
2:07
1:57 why does he look drunk
I thought this was howtobasic
i know how to treat a jellyfish sting without any of this, its simple just dive into the water and touch the box jellyfish and your pains will be over in a few minutes, hours, days, months
LOL I GET EXIMA IN SALT WATER SCREW YOU JELLIES
how to treat a jellyfish sting: "piss on it... just piss on it..."
Omg we were in Florida there were like hundreds of Clear jelly fish onley my bro got stung it wasn't that bad but he said it hurt but he just toughed it out
It should be completely rare to get stung by a jellyfish but it is possible
Man,This is why I don't go to beaches much.
See a doctor.... really?
I got stung by a jellyfish and didn't need any of this
Vinegar my ass USE WARM WATER PURE OR SALT
I'm so glad that I didn't get stung by a jellyfish. I only touched the top part of it when I was a kid. It washed up on the 🏖 that day.  I was vaccinated for tetanus. No need to worry, Howcast. 👍🏻 if the "peeing on a jellyfish sting" treatment reminds you of an episode from Friends where Monica got stung by a jellyfish until Chandler saved her life.
Just today i got stung by jelly fish today :( my first time ever, never going to sea again for swimming,
because when i go to the beach, i bring shaving cream and vinegar.
Like if you hate ads!
what the hell I'm doing here? ._.
what if it's a box jellyfish sting? :c
1:30
*swimming* *sting from jellyfish* Don't worry. I am a frequent Howcast watcher.
i'm wondering how someone decided that they needed to pee on a jellyfish sting...
All peeing on it does is reactivate any stinging cells and basically restarts the pain feeling over again
Peeing on a jellyfish does not work... Look it up...
how old are you 5?
i just pied on it and it was okay!
hahah like if you found out that by watching 'freinds' :D
I got stung by a jellyfish. Didn't do anything. It was fine.
Check out the review of common sting treatments on the deeper blue forum. Best out there. Just Google: jellyfish sting treatment deeper blue
Step one: Don`t get stung
umm, i dont know whether anyone told u this , but there's an add-on called adblock that blocks nearly every ad..
yeah i take all that stuff to the beach :/
My mom always says just to rub sand on the sting :P It helped my cousin when she got stung this summer.
meat tenderizer woks
Never use pee to treat jellyfish stings. It's just a myth/wives tales perpetuated by Hollywood movies and tv shows, and it could actually make the sting worse. Urine is mostly freshwater, and freshwater activates the stinging cells (the poison) and fires them up, which will make the pain worse instead of curing you. Just wash the sting with seawater. Don't use bottled water, fresh water, tap water, or urine :-| And definitely call a doctor instead of having your friend pee on you haha :-p
friend: ahhhhh i got stung by a jellyfish  me: wait dont move imma gonna go check how to treat a sting on howcast okay dont move  friend: you son of a b*tch get the f**k over here
Check out my channel.
2:07 duckface
Dude just put sand on it.
step 10: i just wanna punch that guy in the face!!!
step 1:apply sting cream
is it a man or a woman ?
step 8(b) - do not mix pain relievers with alcoholic drinks!!
yes pee on it, or the wound will leave protruding scars
How to treat a jellyfish sting :  Step 1 :   Pee on it   Did you know that humans produce pee
1 dont go into the ocean 2 what if you swallow the tentacle?!?!?! huh what the hell do i do then howcast.
@thwalkingcatastrophe miamis isnt a "wussy" numerous people dont like spewing pee all over a jellyfish sting, let alone any wound
ammonia, urine, and alcohol make the sting worse. I'm sure if you look, you could find some medical journals and studies about it.
@MiamisDog Your such a wussy
No, really. The ammonia in pee can be used to treat jellyfish stings. First, pour pee on the wound. Second, put the site of the wound in some sand. Then, go to hospital. You're saved. Most probably. Unless you're allergic, this technique is generally useful.
but spongebob likes it
Don't use vinegar on a sting from a portugese man-o-war it will make it MUCH worse
I just use a Ice cube.
@AngelFallenXx, Oh yeah? Well fuck youu! -.- Frikking hater, get a life.
@familiee123  Fuck Friends.
I expected to come here and see comments about Friends, and how Monica should have seen this video. :P
I wonder how Spongebob survives being stung by jellyfish without doing this stuff...
i really wish this was in cartoon version:(
2:06 awkward duck face?????
very good except you should pour on vinegar before you remove the tentacles as removing them shoots off the stingers that are active, well im talking box jellyfish anyway
yea cuz EVERYONE takes this stuff to the beach and has a personal doctor to take wherever
Why would a jellyfish be on land
I thought the video title was "how to teach a jellyfish to sing"
OH YES CAUSE IM GONNA CARRY BAKING SODA , RUBBING ALCOHOL & SHAVING CREAM.
my sister JUST got stung by a jellyfish and I came here to watch HowCast :)
Is that a guy or a girl...?
call 911. done
@blwoller  roblox is a game they respawn
why am i watching this?
0:09 lady gagas nice dress idea
Good thing I bring all of these things to the beach
Step 1: Piss on the sting
@Xxjaguar123xX haha that was what i was thinking throughout the video!
would we really bring vinegar, alcohol a dull edge and shaving cream to the beach?
The best way to deal with a jellyfish is to eat it!
wat if it was a box jellifish the first aid is panic and die
just piss on it
use asin if u are in holland it will take less of your pain. yeah in hollan they''re not so dangerous
@Petchhyy nu uh, and some can kill in 2 minutes... even more luck!
"oh no! I just got stung by a jellyfish - Let me take out my Docter,Tweezers,Vinegar,Rubbing alchohal, Shaving Cream and Over-The-Top counter pain reliever out of my Beach bag"  Howcast...BE MORE REALISTIC!!!
Just let me get my doctor out of my ba-.. OH WAIT!
I love her!
Lol who brings a friggen doctor to the beach?
@Petchhyy :True, a 5 years old boy died in 5 min on Galveston beach. He was born in Galveston but moved out to Houston, and then when he was 5 his mother took him back to Galveston beach that’s when it happened.
is that a man?!?!?!
This guy got stung by boxed jelly fish 5 times and he died and saw heaven and hell!!  "Ian McCormack (Part 1 of 10) Former atheist - man dies visits heaven and hell"  watch?v=V0ElkkYj4o0
Would have been nice to know a year ago before i almost died and passed out ~_~
pfft, me and spongebob just bring our nets. jellyfishing jellyfishing jellyfishing jellyfishing! <3
@colorfulcrisis fine sorry your life sucks btu thats not my fault.
i search't for this video because a jellyfish stung me.....  IT HURTS SO BAD, F!@#$%&*CK
@CAZZERNERY lol
step one get stung step two scream step three stay away from the ocean for about a week       tip you may  die in this process step four if your body still stings after a while die did yyou know that i am kidding
@Petchhyy the seawasp can kill in 180 seconds, if your (un)lucky
he got r kellied
But but but... Spongebob and Patrick always got stung by jellyfish..
That is some beastly jellyfish...
Hmm just gonna bring my GP to the beach while I shave my legs >.>
Thats why you should always carry a bottle of piss to the beach.
ok when i see someone get stung by a jellyfish ill try to help him before he dies in almost less than 2 minutes.
jes pee on your sting.
@fashioner27 So, you got "sung bya jelly fish IT HARD LIKE CARZY"? In other words (assuming that bya=by a) a fish made out of Jell-O or a similar substance sang a song to you which it then hard like Carzy. I don't know how hard is a verb nor do I know who "Carzy" is, but it sounds painful!
i think i wuld have cried if i saw a jelly fish that big
Why is the jellyfish helping him?
@runescapeswordshow   Then  the next time you see a walking human shaped jelly fish your best solution is to pull out your battery powered hairdryer and fry the face sucker This is would only work on a walking jelly fish though. Do not attempt to use hair dryer in water or you'll get what you deserve.
However on the list of things you need. The tombstone seems to be missing. Screw trying to find all that stuff when the Box Jelly gets you. Seek neerest grimreaper more like. Lols!
Too bad I didn't see this months ago, I could have made a costume like hers and been a jellyfish for Halloween..
i luv their vids they make me LOL and rofl! lmfao
at 0:10 why is the human letting the jelly fish sting the human... this video is stupid
did you know that therye 98% water?
i'll take that chance.besides the beach should have stuff to treat it.
Just came back from Cuba.  I had brought a tube of Ozonol purchased in Canada; some people on the beach had Polysporin (which did not work).  I was the beach nurse because word went around that my Ozonol really did work instantly.   Never leave home without it.  ps: Some people talked about this uring thing....Eeew!  And vinegar?  The best to STOP itching from mosquito bites.  That really works too.  I've tried it.. just splash it on... itching will re-appear the next day, splash more vinegar.
Yup, everybody brings that crap to the beach you know
freshwater, is the only TRUE way to heal it, but then again everone has a little way, but freshwater is the TRUE WAY
im not having ppl piss on me
im not covering myself with pee
i got stunk by jelly fish couple time (non poison) oh well is it ichy all over and you keep scraching scraching till blood come out from your skin.....
if it were a box jellyfish you would look like you were hit by a bullwhip  grats
That is one of the worst things you can do that or aclahol research has shown that urine causes all the stingers to fire
it doesnt change the pain, but it makes the sting less toxic and can stop you from going into shock..
dude I hate those man-of-wars.. I really want to pop their inflated air sac with a sharp pin!
did you know that you can treat a jellyfish sting with COKE?
urinate on the other person...its gross but it works. =)
continued:  as she tooked my hand and swam back to shore as to meet the beach crowd who wanted to help. a 25 yeard old man picked me up and poored sea water over me. and then he carried me home.  one of top 10 worst day in my life.
i remember when i was like 10 years old me and my family was at the each in southern sweden after a while my mom and dad walked back to the trailer and me and my sisters where playing.  after 40 mins i swam strait into a jellyfish with 4 feet long tentacles.. thats long!  so i got stung all over my face all over my upper body and all over my arms, my one years older sister Tove screamed when i screamed of pain. my 3 years older sister Ditte awam into the water and,PICKED THE JELLY UP!
i got stung by a man-o-war when i was like 10 and now im 13 and i still remember how it felt man it felt like shit
I hate jellyfish! I got stung by a Man-o-war jellyfish once.
I really want to kill a jellyfish, they are monsters on the beach. I had diarrhea, muscle weakness and a high grade fever and now I still have these rashes... Urrrggghhh!!!!!!!!!!
Well yes and no. Seawater has generally more stuff that may help.
When I got stung I went in a pool, apparently the chlorine nulled the pain
Nice jellyfish D:
Does adding salt to water count as seawater?
only one way to find out but i dont recommend experimenting
5th yayyy
