damn! how did I only find this video, made this tonight and was an instant hit, will be my got to sauce for chicken wings from now on, love it 👍
this looks like a great recipe... enough of these damn australians and british trying to use liquid smoke lol
What??  No molasses?.   🍻🇺🇸🤔
Right on man! 👍🤘🤙
@ 6:06 theres a rat running behind ya!!
Using ketchup is cheating
Hungry Mouse! 6:08 LOL. It knows whats cooking!
Pit Boys you represent the América we love here in Europe.
😋😋😋
Looks like a BBQ Chicken spider.
Did he use apple cider vinigwr
Metal 🤘
BBQ Sauce por encima.
Just waiting for a vid start with "Well this is damn hard to make....
Love the video.   Check out jantz  knife supply. A good ole boy like you needs a Russel Green River butcher knife.
BBQ SAUCE POH ENSIMA
My balls dropped after watching this video. Now I feel like a man.
He's drinking some good Ole "JIM BEAM" That's what caused Hank Williams Jr.To fall off of the Mountain, Back in the Day
oh My! that's insanely delicious!
if its stored in chiller,? how long will it lasts?
He always says: "You gettin' hungry or what?" LMAO!!!
How long should you let it cook before you simmer it?
Is wild turkey a good alcohol to use in this recipe?
i love this
Nice!
@6:08 in ha-ha squirrel run's by in the back ground.
awesome video. recently made your jalapeno honey sauce and it was amazing. what type of wood would you recommend for smoking this sauce?
Is there a bbq sauce that doesn't use tomatoes? I am allergic to them in any form, so I would like any suggestions you have handy. Thanks!!
What kind of vinegar do you use?
You guys rock, love the videos, regards from Brazil
BarbecueWeb this sauce looks amazing guys! and not to be sacrilegious, but i do have a question to ask for a change in the recipe. If i where to replace the Honey with Molasses, what else in the recipe would you change to accommodate the difference?
amazing
Sry, at 6:06 ;)
Was that a squirrel behind him at 5:05?
did anybody notice the mouse running by 7:20
How did ya'll find out about these gorgeous recipes , or was it all natural food ingredient chef mix ??
Grass rat alert 6.07
I know this might be a dumb question. But is this sauce ok to consume for kids?
im already a fucking alcoholic,this is all I needed to see,thanx for giving me an excuse to bar-b-q tonite,kmsl
Looking to do the Bourbon BBQ sauce with Jack Daniels, do you have a dry rub that would go well with it or just stick with the Sauce, gonna do spare ribs. Cheers.
I LOVE the way he pulled the bourbon out of his back pocket...LOL
look at the mouse passing by at 6:07 in the top left corner of the screen   it is in for a snack   ah ah
what da hell was that that ran past the grill..lol chicken looked great tho
Great video! Educational plus entertaining! Go BBQ!
How would this go with ribs?
Dudes, You're the real shit! I mean it!! Pitmasters are the best!!! I've started to watch your show only for 2 days ago, but  that's enough to be your huge fan.  I do like bbq, but this..... this is a whole different dimension. Damn, I'm hungry
What kind of smoke wood?
youve earned a sub!
Hmmmmm, my god that looks incredible  I know what I'm making on the weekend!
Delicious recipe, the only thing i have to comment is the mouse that ran in the back
People enjoying eating off the ground.
Nice plate of chicken!!!! Whoa that shits looks guuuud
I know the Boys are good at what they do, but instead of that Weber grill, why not use The Big Green Egg.
one thing I would change. Damn Heinz ,supporting John Kerry. Use Hunts
The dubbed voice really messes with me, otherwise great videos.
Too much comments but I love this man :)
6:35 now your just teasing me. Dont mess with my emtions. Thats looks tasty.
Lol I have the same silver pot XD lol anyway that sauce looks good
i want to marry him :D
Animal at 6:08! :) nice sauce!
Bourbon whisky, BBQ and friends maaaaan thats life right there ! greetings from germany !
Music suddenly change when He drank that Bourbon, REAL GUUUDDD!
I make a blueberry bourbon BBQ sauce for the pork belly we serve at work. Bourbon BBQ sauce is amazing.
'Murica hahaha
What do you think about electric smokers?
mouse at 6:07
This Bourbon BBQ Sauce recipe is definitely one we will need to try!
you didn't like that music...you ain't man enough to bbq
so great i wonder how to get to u  nice cook
ahhhhh that pit master privilege really makes you suffer.. :/
Brofessional
6:48 --- Mean!!
God damn this is a good bbq sauce. Hat off!
Great choice yall have in the tunes!!!
I would thumb up more than once if i could. DAMN THIS LOOK GOOOD~!
did anybody see that lizard run across the screen lol
Love your videos! Watch them often! :)
Nice beard ya got there Bob, and a great sauce recipe for that bird (y)
What kind of vinegar do you guys use?
i'm a BBQ newbie and i need some help. how do i get a 'mediun heat' going on? how many coals do i have to add? half a chimney? or full and spread it out more? thanks a lot for your help!
Hehe that squirrell is looking for a seat to eat.
Amazon
keep the good music coming man, drives me to want to BBQ even more...I just need your play list.
This looks amazing. I love the shot you did for yourself
Hey pitboys! I`ve been watching you`re videos for a while now and personally I think most of them are to long:( I think I`d like watching shorter videos better! This is just my oppinion by the way ! Seeya.
Stop buying Walmart great value charcoal, move up to the blue bag, Kingsford!
I made this sauce along with two whole chickens last weekend.  Everybody loved it including me.  You guys rock.  Problem is you've changed me from a simple hot dog and hamburger barbeque guy to being a lot more adventurous with the grill.
stop drowning delicous food in sauce :(
You guys need to get sponsored by those companies $_$
Just eaten and I'm hungry again
Just eaten and I'm hungry again
I liked that music. :-)
There are a bunch of charcoal brands out there and many are excellent. But beware, just as many suck big time. For long burn charcoal fires, we have good luck with the Henry Ford and Thomas Edison concoction, Kingsford brand briquettes. But remember, you can always add charcoal during your bbq to increase the heat and burn-time. -BBQ Pit Boys
You look like santa clause.
loove me some whiskey glazed chicken!!
Does this sauce have a lot of "heat" to it? I enjoy mild sauces. Thanks for the vids guys.
sorry Leo, but you'll be needing to turn off your sound when watching any Pit Boys vid. Thanks for stoppin' by. -BBQ Pit Boys
Thanks for info on a great sauce.  But please... No music next time, what a pain that was...
I like the way he talks xD
Give they alien a shot or two    \m/
Correction, that was a chipmunk
It comes standard on some of the grills.  I have the one-touch gold 22.5 and it came standard on mine.  Also you can buy replacements at Home Depot or Lowes.
LET'S COOK IT!!
Oak wood for smoke... that's good stuff!
i tried it today, it's really good! I recommend it!
that's gooood eatin'
Oooooohhh not Jim Beam :) Only Jack Daniels or a Bourbon like Makers Mark oder Four Roses :D
Фак мой мозг.
Where can I order a grate/rack that I can open like that?
Haha i was just about to say that. Your eagle eyes are tamed well grass hoppa. :)
wait actually i see black stripes, probably a chipmunk
pretty sure that was a mouse. LOL
It was a chipmunk.. you can tell be the stripe on it.  He saw a chance to escape the grill and took it!
Been looking for a GUD Bourbon BBQ sauce recipe. This one looks easy enough, and just got a cord of hard dry mesquite for this summer's BBQ season. I'll be sure to give it a try! Thanks pit boys!
I thought it was a mouse.
GMO chicken, coming soon to a city near you!
May i ask what kind of coal you use for long time indirect heat? My coal doesnt last so long. Please help me :)
Looks like a gecko
the point is not the alcohol but the flavor of the sweet mash. whiskey is made from corn and it adds a flavor to the sauce. the alcohol is gone very quickly at that temperature.
Squirrel or a chipmunk
6:06 what the fuck was that hahaha
Good Job once again. Keep it up.
If you look on their website they just went to a different verse.
I need to try that one out!
YouTube's #1 Cooking Show for Barbecue and Grilling recipes?? Are you kiddin me! Its 'The' THE! Best! cooking! channel! on! this! planet! except.. We in Hell have pretty nice cooking channels too.. Especially Behemoth Recipes are the best ones.. But sadly only for Hell's membership clients only. Strictly! Period! Still you Rocky Cocky Rule!
6:07 that is one fast squirel
Dude! Soundtrack names please! Awesome music! \m/
Label looked liked Jim Beam.
Man that looks good.
Is there a reason you used briquettes instead of chunk charcoal?
great vid. where can i get a chicken with 8 wings ?
These are so helpful!!!! Just moved out of my parents and i use your recipe's all the time, never knew cooking could be so much fun!!
And meanwhile on FoodTV-- a sexually confused twenty-something is telling a sob story in hopes of winning $10000 so she can open a restaurant to serve sprouts 20 different ways... no thank you! Ill take the bbq pit boys any day over that garbage!
It was a squirrel screaming "IT IS GUD!"
Ha the mouse or rat that ran by at 6:07!
Mate, what's the song that starts on 2:52? :D
Loooks Goooood keep up the good work boys
Was that Jack D.? or  what did you add in there.?
that rodent is BBQ CRAZY!
What ran by the camera at 6:08-6:09? Next weeks special? :D
Love it.. Another Bit Masters.. Maters..
Now that's bbq bring more of it
This is a BBQ sauce recipe that'll put hair on your chest for sure! Looks GUUUUUUUUUUUUD!
6:07 :D
That little mouse wanted a wing! Lol I'm definately gonna try the sauce thanks!
Awsome looking chicken, was that a pet rat running behind you while plating up the wing's LOL
When did santa start doing BBQ? Awesome video santa!
Always welcome new sauce and rub recipes... Thanks a lot Boys!!!
Great!  I like using fresh onions and garlic though.
These dudes are the fucking best...or real guuuuuuud
It cooks out anyways,don't worry be happy.
Nothing beats a great burbon sauce! And hey, you are probably the only man in the world who can speak the word "stir", and make it sound farken cool and awesome! Overcheers!
food porn at it's best.
kill it and grill it.
Can you put them on the grill too? I mean.. with some bacon...
He takes a swig like a boss!
YUMMMY!!
one of the best channels here on youtube
not feeling the rock music. i like the classic music.
That BBQ Bird has got a lot of wings!!!
this look good
Man I want this stuff lol
Can you please show us how to make BBQ Grass rats?
Bourbon
I liked it just after the first few notes of the start-up song!
bourbon.
Yep, mouse at 6:08!
real tough to get the chicken looking like that....nice grillin' sir!
I just want to ask..what was the last ingredient he added? The one he pulled out in his pocket..tnks
Anyone else spot the mouse top left at 6.08?
Continuing my comment it smells goooooooooooooood.
I started cooking with Jim beam because you guys started it first, you smell that its
wow you never cease to amaze us, Pit Boys. this great sauce and chicken recipe is definitely on for the weekend. thanks again Bob. you are the business.
anything worthwhile in life comes at a risk. Man Up...!  -BBQ Pit Boys
You're right..! It took several hours to shoot this vid and one pint bourbon sure won't cut it. You may have missed a few scenes. -BBQ Pit Boys
Great video,I think you may have gone just a tad lite on the bourbon,the cook should also taste his recipe more often,Lol.My hats off to the Pit Boys
Gotta try this ... Cheers!!
I would love to try this but I can't buy bourbon =( I'm not sure how it would taste without it
grass rat
its a grass rat, or something you may call a Chipmunk
What kind of charcoal do you use?
I have a question for the pitmaster, I recently purchased an old hickory 10" knife and am wondering what type of upkeep you do on the knife. Thank you in advance. ~hbpitboys
looks awesome guys, I'm definitely going to be making this sauce for my next smoke/beer-fest :)
what if we aren't old enough buy bourbon lol
I'm definitely making this BBQ sauce.....the next time it stops raining in Scotland :)
thanks for the recipe, im going to try it this weekend
I like the tangy as opposed to heat for the family.  You can add the heat on the side if anyone wants it.  I would think all the alcohol evaporates out just leaving the flavor :-). CHEERS!!!
Wow! A mouse, lizard or some other kind of small critter ran across the screen at 6:07! :D
haha.
Then that Rat doesn't love it's life walking around when a Pit Master is doing something to eat..
Man that looks Gewd... Im making that sauce ASAP
What is the song that starts at 2:45???
Can you make something tasty of whatever ran by at 6:07 next time? ^^
looked like a chipmunk to me
Hungryman Bourban sauce tastes like shit.
a grass rat. Some call 'em Chipmunks..! Pesky varmint stealing bird seed and running for it. Hawks are nearby..! -BBQ Pit Boys
I will try this later this summer!!!!
that beard is awesome
That would be a chipmunk.
Either a field mouse or a Chipmunk LOL
Funny as crap! Looks like maybe a chipmunk or a big mouse!
I would massacre an entire village just to get one of those wings!
loooool 6:07 what went running by?
last!
