I'm so glad the subtitles said 4-8 hours between application because I had genuinely heard you say 48 hours lol
Awesome!  I was considering sanding mine off and buying Rubio Monocoat as my result looked too dry/matt.
whats the best way to apply to a wood ceiling? do you need to do a wipe off with rags or just let it dry?
I'm following Fabian's style and using paper towels. They leave some lint, but it buffs out when wiping off the excess. So far, things look great at 3 coats.
A great video. Thank you!
Thanks for instructions!  I have one question: is it necessary to apply oil to both sides of the table top (to prevent warp) or is just the top enough? I mean an office desk that is in a dry and warm room.
So the process is essentially same as with boiled linseed oil! Thank you for sharingn your skill.
Spontaneous combustion only happens if you pile up the used rags, like in a factory workshop and they insulate each other. The oil oxidises and generates small heat, which in isolation accumulates and can combust
Thanks for this video. I have been making a couple of jewelry/keepsake boxes for my nieces for Xmas. They are made from Sapele. I just did this method for applying Danish oil and they look amazing. I just did them to the satin finish and they feel amazingly smooth.
Does the oil smells when you put it on?  And does it smell efter a few days?
Thank you.
which dries faster blo or danish oil?
I am finishing a bass guitar made of pine and banak, I am finishing it with cherry color Danish oil, started getting frustrated because the finish felt sticky in some areas and some areas seem dryer. the missing step I was not performing was to apply the Danish oil with a piece of sandpaper, it makes a HUGE improvement. Thank you for posting this video. Greetings from Mexico.
Actually greta video, no nonsense 👍🏻
Hi Fabian! Is it ok to wait longer than 4-8 hours between applications if necessary? Also, this the best video, bar none, on how to apply Danish Oil, and I have seen my share. I am finishing a piece  of Wenge and have seen so many videos, so that I don't mess things up. Yours is the most informative!
I have seen the sanding part done with fine wire wool. Will this give me the same result as the sandpaper? I am oiling teak.😊
Does 600 or even 200 sand paper make any difference, this is not steel and wood grains much larger  than the sand paper itself
I finished my tabletop before watching this. I have a tacky finish on it. Is that normal? How can I fix if it’s not?
Hi. Do you know if this method will work with Teak Oil?
est ce qu'on peut appliquer DANISH OIL sur bois teinté?
can i use this oil after i stain my wood
Thanks so much
3:11 I had a sigh of relief when I read 4-8 hours ... I incorrectly heard 48 hours before each application and nearly lost it :P
Wow.
Exactly, this is the video I was looking for. Thanks for sharing.
4 to 8 hours or 48 hours?
Merci 🙏
Great video. Thank you for sharing. Is it ok to use the wet sand the 4th coat on an  indoor teak dining table? I'm assuming it is but want to double check.  Thanks!
Very helpful! Many thanks!
Thank you Fabian, this was very helpful. I have a fairly large walnut bookshelf unit. I guess it would be possible to use a sanding machine to do the final 600 grit sanding (with the Danish oil) as opposed to doing the sanding by hand as you did...would this be ok? Thanks again.
Thank you so much sir, I really needed this video. I am polishing old furniture, I had no clue how to go about it.
Great thank you.
Thanks for posting  your video, couldn't be explained more clearly.👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Would # 0000 Steel Wool not do as well?
Do you recommend polyurethane after the last coat of Danish oil to waterproof for a high-use surface, like a table top?
Is there a downside to waiting longer than 8 hours between coats?
great video! how do you dispose of the paper towel so it doesn't risk catching fire?
great work! fabian!!! this really helped out with my school project🤪😜😝t🖐✋🖐✋🙌🙌🙌🙌
Hi, Thanks for the vedio can I mix a little teak stain with danish oil and apply.
Excellent thank you 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Fabian thanx! Looks great and going to do it on my project..question: if its more then 8 hours waiting, its ok right? Like a day or two  buffer wont heart the finish? fin
Hi Fabian. You posted this some while ago and is such a useful post. Im  hoping you're still taking messages? You also posted one using linseed oil. Could you explain the advantages/disadvantages of each. I'm in the process of renovating our pine table at the moment so your comments would be appreciated.  Also, do you use anything to prepare the wood prior to the first coat? I've seen elsewhere some use white spirit.
How durable is the finish?  Do I need a final sealing coat?  I like that look but don't want a high maintenance finish...it's just on real walnut veneer speaker cabinets.
Question can danish oil go over a stain if I sand it and wipe down with tack cloth?
Nice!
Hello, can i also use this type of oil on veneer?
Can i use danish oil for a food chopping board?
Tonight I am going to practice using this same product on a piece of oak.  It came from a top on a narrow table I built years ago and the surface has that orange yellow look from the finish ageing.  I like it but it is dated and our front room in our house has darker wood so after I strip/ and stain the oak I am going to work in this Danish oil.  I am enjoying your video's and look forward to learning how to use the Danish oil.
I'm going to use this oil to resurface a window seal in my mothers home.  It get's a lot of sun light and has caused the finish to crack over the years.
Awesome 👍 thanks!!!!
What type of wood is that? Looks great.
Thank you. This is helpful. Does the Danish oil you're using have a tint, or is it clear oil?
You do realize that by wadding up the used pieces of oiled paper in a clear container, you are creating the perfect scenario for sunlight to penetrate the glass, heat up the interior due to the greenhouse effect, and ignite the paper. DO NOT underestimate spontaneous combustion. The cloths should be spread out or hung up so that the oil can dry completely. Thereafter, they can be tossed out.
Wow!!  The oil/sandpaper coats bring the finish to a whole new level.  I don't have 600 grit here but I do have what feels like sanding cloth (as opposed to paper) @400 grit.  I used that, and the surface was way smoother.  Definitely worth the trouble, which was minimal.  Great video!
Is Danish Oil the only one that sucks into the wood? Is it safe for Mercedes Benz zebrano dashboard? Would you recomend it?
That’s the instructions i was looking for thank you for sharing your knowledge Happy turnings Ioannis (Athens Greece)
Looks beautiful!!! 🤩
Good video. I'm new to wood working...Will I require some sort of wood conditioner for pine wood before applying the Danish oil? Or am I good to dive right in
Is a poly on top if the oil okay
this guy seriously has a fetish with additional coats. wtf. 2 is enough.
What brand of Danish Oil did you use for this, and is it English Oak or another colour?
do you need to use wood conditioner with this? sorry if it as a dumb question!
Great video. Would this work on outdoor softwood furniture too?
I appreciate your punctual reply! If I decide to apply a polyurethane topcoat to completely fill the pores for a mirror finish, presumably, I would need to sand the surface to 220 grit finish. Do you agree?  Thank you!!
Is there a limit to the number of coats of oil which can be applied after sanding with 600 grit paper? Presumably, after the 600 grit sanding and subsequent layers of polishing, applying a topcoat is inadvisable because the surface is too finely prepared (slick). Correct? I am working with Peruvian Walnut and find it difficult to achieve a satisfactory consistent surface finish (Natural Danish oil) due to porosity over the 56 inch length. I appreciate your informative video. Well done!! Thank you!
The best way I find is to start with a very thin coat and then build the coats up.
Is it okay to use danish oil on a wood surface that has already been stained? I want to bring out the wood grain and add some gloss to a bedframe. Right now it is stained, raw wood wood without a lacquer.
wow this looks amazing!!! def going to try this
Do you apply danish oil next year directly or you need to do sanding from beginning?, thanks 🙏
Great video, I used your technique and i love the results. I just love danish oil, it provides a beautiful finish and it’s so easy to apply.
There are many similar projects in Woodprix's plans.
Nicely done and exactly what I was looking for.
Great video, thanks for the help
Is there a step after this? Do you have to wax? Is it waterproof to a point?
What do you do if you forget to wipe of the excess and get sticky bits and white patches?
Good video. You remind me of Dan Suzuki.
What if I am working with open-pore Red Oak? Do I need to do anything differently?
an excellent demonstration thanks for that good advice. cheers NZ
Very nice video. What do you clean your hands with afterwards please? I found it left a sticky residue on mine.
This looks very nice do you think it would be OK to use on my pine farm table?
What color did you use?
Very efficient and German, you have my kudos sir👌
Thanks!
Great video. This was very helpful.
Do Denish oil gives enought protection like lacquer even its applied for several layeres... thanks❣
Thanks for sharing!
Exactly the honest information I've been looking for.  Making my sister a Zebra wood and Purple heart computer desk. Perfect. Thank you.
You just saved my project. I was about to cry because i thought i did something wrong lol. Many helpful tips. Thank you
Thank you for this. Just used this method to finish a guitar neck, and it looks beautiful 👍
Wow. 6 layers with 4-6 hours in between, all while wearing the same shirt!
I can’t open the can!🤣
Excellent video! Easy to follow instructions and straight to the point 💥 thank you
So Danish oil combusts in contact with air much like linseed oil. I wonder what's in Danish oil? lol
Use a sanding block not finger tips to avoid swirl marks.
my danish oil is rather thick and viscous, am i using the wrong one?
Thanks for making the video.
Hi..is the sand papering necessary..I'm 4 coats in.im going to apply 7.so far it's super smooth and looking good.i dont want to ruin my work.best wishes
Hi Fabian - great video as usual! Do you think a powder dye dissolved in water can be used on wood first to give it colour, and then, after the wood and dye have dried properly, Danish oil can be rubbed on as a finish? Or would that cause a problem?  I know there are other options available, but I happen to have these two at home so it would be great if I could use them.
Excellent tutorial!!!!  Thank you!
great video - useful and informative. am going to have a go oiling like you suggest - thanks! 👍
Hi, I'm sorry if this question has been answered already, but is it possible to apply Danish oil on a wood countertop already treated with mineral oil? Thanks
what wood is that?
Great video!
love the danish accent
Thanks.👍🇬🇧
Was  mache ich falsch? Ich habe große Probleme mit dem Öl, es wird in weniger als 1 Minute klebrig auf der Oberfläche und ich kann den Überschuss nicht abnehmen. Es wird fleckig! Nach der 4. Schicht habe ich meine 140x80 Tischplatte mit 600er Papier in runden Schwüngen nachgeschliffen und bekam anschließend die runden Schleifspuren nicht mehr raus! Nun habe ich die Platte voller runder Schleifspuren. Stimmt was mit meinem Öl nicht? Ist auch von Rustins. Ich nehme auch immer nur sehr wenig von dem Produkt.
Would you recommend danish oil for a pine dresser? I don't want it to be blotchy and want to to look as smooth and even as possible. If not danish oil, what is the best stain/finish for pine? Thank you in advance for your time!
Mines gone a little patchy. Any idea why? Would i need to rub this back down?
nice color and finish
Hi Fabian! For the 600grit, can I use the machine or better do it by hand?
How long does it take to completely dry before you can use the wood. Let's say this is for a computer desk. When I can put the monitors on the desk?
Thank you, Fabian. This was really helpful.
What stain is this Danish Oil?
I love your videos, very to the point. Do you recommend sanding in between applications or there's no point?
Used Osmo Polyx oil on my dining table lovely finish but it scratches so easily a little disappointed
What if I didn't sand it thoroughly enough before starting the whole process? I have an acacia countertop that was finished with hardwax oil and I'm not sure if I sanded it off completely. At this point, I'm nearing the 4th layer of oil part
Can I use 0000 wire wool instead of 600 sandpaper?
If my after one coat my surface is ever so slightly sticky (after drying overnight), what does this mean and how do I remedy it?
awesome channel. thankyou.
The Danish oil looks very nice and easy to work with. I saw another video where a guy sanded in dark walnut Danish oil into walnut and it looked incredible. The grain was so well defined yet a deep rich color. I also watched a video of a American professor who told his students it was a bad product to be avoided... His reason was Danish oil would not give him any information on what was in it. I think if it works great and easy to use who cares what is in it? I'm still doing research to refinish a walnut stock. I was thinking sanding Danish oil in for several coats up to 600 grit then maybe a few coats of Tru oil for a protective top coat? Or maybe just reapply as necessary ? What do you think? Thanks
Can I use danish oil on a bamboo island top?
so ,  is this a short cut to French polish? can I apply it on a pre-existing old polyurethane ? thanks again. You are great. greeting from north California.
For finishing a desk, should all sides and surfaces be coated or just the top? If all sides, would you need to apply and finish only to one side at a time and let dry before turning over to coat the bottom side and then let dry again?
Thanks for the video! We have decided to use Danish Oil on a wood shelving unit we built in the garage. We will likely do two coats to start since the areas we will be applying won't be receiving much wear and tear (just the supports and fronts of the shelves).
So... Wax on, wax off. Got it!  Great video, thank you.
It is my understanding, that danish oil is supposed to leave a matte finish as described on the can. To achieve this you have to use steel wool of grade 000 or higher after the last layer has been applied.
Hi Fabian. You did a great training job. Maybe I lost some point, but let me know the wood type used in the video... Thanks so much
Thank you for the great tutorial. I am finishing wood shutters with danish oil (2 weeks after staining). I hope to apply enough costs to effectively make the shutters waterproof. Thanks again. Great instructions- I have now subscribed.
Nnn
Perfect video. Many many thanks Fabian for another great video. I am big fan of yours. Could I ask a question, do you recommend clear laquer over your finish or danish oil itself hardens like laquer or varnish? Many thanks. Danke
Can i apply Danish oil over a stain, also is it OK to then apply bees wax over the Danish oil
for a table top, do I need to to apply oil on both sides to have even oil abortion in the wood, and keep the top flat in a long term?
Wieder sehr informativ. Vielen Dank. Hatte es bisher wohl nicht richtig angewandt.
Hi can I apply danish oil safely on a bare pine? I made a table for me during the quarantine but I want to stain it with smth. Is danish oil suitable for  bare pine? Thanks
Perfect, just trying for the first time, olive wood and order the same oil even before i saw ur video. So preety happy about it. Thanks
Just what I was looking for!👍🏾 ...can you apply Danish oil on top of water based wood stain?
Fantastic video!  Very helpful.  Have done the sanding with 600 grit step, and then wiped with clean towel.  After waiting overnight.  It seems to have kind of an oil touch to it.  Did I use too much?  Will it eventually feel smooth or will it always have an oily finish?
does the wood get darker the more coats you apply?
Thanks for sharing- you were so much help! Would never have known to use sandpaper and it’s made such a difference to the oak table I’ve been refinishing. Thanks!
For Pine, do you need to apply wood conditioner before applying Danish oil?
I have an old school desk that is on my covered front porch.  I want to finish it so that it will stand up to being outside - what would you recommend?
Hey Fabian, I have sanded to 1500 before finishing with danish oil. When I go to sand with the oil for the 4th coat, should I sand it with 1500? Thanks for the video!
Great info....I coated a floor with this oil before but never saw how to anywhere and had a poor result, applied too much oil in between coats thinking I am doing it to preserve the wood....thank you for enlightening me !
Is this the same application process that you would use for Tung oil? I want to make my piece as waterproof as possible, and I really like your application methods, but there is no Tung oil guide. :(
Very good demonstation. The downside of Danish is that it's a very slow process, as you illustrated and also it needs to be in a dust free environment or you will get dust settling in the oil and you have to start again
>:(
I like the danish oil better than the tung oil. It's a lot easier to work with.     I am going to see how a wiping poly will look over danish oil finish as I've read that it's a soft finish that doesn\t hold up as well as other types.
Thank you, Fabian! There are a whole lot of terrible websites on what and how to apply danish oil (I've read/watched them all now!). But your video made sense to me so I bought some and I used it over an earlier linseed application yesterday. Beautiful! More coats today and I'm definitely converted!
I'm oiling a desk with Danish oil. Have followed these instructions and was looking amazing after 3 coats. I almost left it there feeling really proud and pleased with the finish. Then I went on and tried the 'sand with the oil coat to finish off with 600 grit.  I must have done it wrong as this has completely scratched up the finish. I tried sanding that layer off and eventually put a new one on with paper towel. The scratching is still visible. A great job ruined. Many hours work and a lot of money. Am close to tears Any advice?
A beautiful finish.
Does anyone know why you don’t want to let any oil dry on the surface after each coat, and need to wipe it all off?
Perfect! Thank you! I am oiling and cleaning up a spinning wheel. Your instructions are easy and to the point. Perfect!
¿Can this product be used to gloss finish an electric guitar body?
If you stained the wood, would you consider applying some sanding sealer before the first application of oil?
Is this birch wood? Thanks.
If I were wanting to use Danish Oil to finish a project for our bathroom, would I want to continue until I reached the glossy finish? Or would until the 4th application with the sandpaper be enough?
Do I need to sand between applications?
I'm thinking about doing this on a small table I've made from mahogany. Does this technique work well on mahogany? What color of Danish Oil did you use here? I can get Watco Danish Oil where I am and it comes in many colors.
I hardly believed how easy it is to apply. So awesome video.
Grateful to you sir.
This was extremely helpful! I was wondering whether the "600" grit is U.S. 600 or P600 (European standard)?
Do you need breathing protection for this?
Thank u
I'm going to oil some exposed beams which are being plastered around. Do I need to do anything other than sand the pine beams to remove the inevitable plaster mark/splashes etc or should I use white spirits/turps? Can you recommend the best preparation so I get a nice even finish on the oil...?
I learned a lot from this video and thank you ....But I can recommend any finishing by polishing with fine steel wool ( such as jewellers use )....I discovered this by mistake as I just had some lol.
Excellent.  Good teacher
Thank you Fabian. Sorry my previous comment was so brief. But the reason was, after watching some of your extremely good and informative video, I was in a hurry to get out of the door of my sisters flat to get back to my new flat where I am restoring a wooden bed base. I had managed to bleach out some pretty horrendous black rings courtesy of the previous owners, and had just applied my first coat of Danish oil with a rag, which I then scrunched up and left in the kitchen. When I got back to my sister's flat (where I am staying till said bed base is finished) I thought I had better watch a video on how to apply Danish oil as I hadn't really a clue. It was at the point where you mention that the rag can spontaneously combust, that I left a quick comment, and rushed back to my new flat. Fortunately, the rag had not spontaneously combusted so I laid it out flat outside in a non-flamable area and came back to my sister's and watched the rest of your video. After watching your video I learned the proper application, and that Danish oil was perfect for the effect that I wanted to create with my bed base. I think the base is beech but I can't be sure. Ayway, thank you for your great video, and for potentially saving me from burning down my new flat. As a woman on my own, I found it extremely helpful x
I think you just saved me from burning my house down
Thanks for the video Fab, I have some Danish oil I'm using to finish a coffee table, but could not see the instructions and did not know how long I could take between applications and sanding! Thank you!
This video could not be any better.  Thank you very much
You make everything look great, and you make doing it look easy and enjoyable.
Thank for posting. After watching this, I decided on medium walnut Danish oil for some bookshelves I am building. Very confident they'll look great following your instructions.
Excellent video...thanx an' a hat tip! Well done. I am grateful for the sanding with 600 grit and oil. You seem to be much more conservative with your application than I am...I flood the surface, let it stand 10--15 minutes and then wipe it off. Again, thank you.
Lovely finish, great video 🤘
I trust him because he has an accent
Thank you. Very well explained. I'll try
Thanks for the instructional video it's awesome I'm going to try
Thank you! Very useful
Does Danish Oil have a similar risk of spontaneous combustion, like linseed oil?
Would it be necessary to use sanding sealer if the wood is stained in tobacco sunburst first using spirit based stain?
Summary 1. Pre-sand wood up to 240 grit 2. Shake can 3. 1st application: Pour Danish oil onto clean rag/paper towel, and rub onto wood. Surface should be slightly wet. Leave to soak in for a few minutes. 4. Wipe off excess with fresh paper towel, don't let excess oil dry on the surface. Let dry for 4-8h. 5. 2nd application: Rub a thin layer of Danish oil onto paper towel. Leave for a few minutes. 6. Wipe off excess with fresh paper towel. Let dry for 4-8h. 7. 3rd application: repeat steps 5 & 6. 8. 4th application: drip a small amount of Danish oil onto the surface, use 600 girt sandpaper to sand with the oil. (slurry of wood dust and oil is normal). 9. Wipe off excess with fresh paper towel. Let dry for 4-8h. Stop here if satin finish is desired. 10. 5th application: Repeat steps 8 & 9 until the level of gloss is desired.
Good tips , I'm refinishing a guitar and it is looking very nice 👍🏻☮❤
Can it be used directly on oil finished wood without any sanding?
Hi Fabian, I wonder how many minutes you mean as a few. I don't have succes trying it. Thanks for sharing and congratulations for your great work. Abel
4 coats and sanding!? Christ, I’ve got 40 x 1m batons to do 😞
Hi Fabian, I want to use danish oil on a bed/desk project. I am using baltic birch plywood. I want the edges exposed. After bevelling and sanding, is Danish oil ok for plywood edges? Thank you
How durable is this finish? I was thinking of using for a bed set and side tables. Looking for an alternative to polyurethane which is so difficult to get a good result with.
I wish Fabian had modeled safe use of this product by wearing a respirator. The fumes from this product are not safe to breath. Please protect your pulmonary health by wearing a respirator at all times when working with paints, stains, and sealers.
Great video, is it normal kitchen paper you are using such as Plenty?
What kind of wood did you apply it to?
What kind of wood are you working with?  Maybe I missed this?
This is the best how-to video I’ve seen so far on applying Danish Oil. All the other videos I’ve seen say to dump some oil on the surface and then rub it in. The problem with that is if you have some grooves or other (routed) details in your work, then it’s hard to get the oil out of tight areas. Paper towels work great since they don’t hold a heavy amount of the oil, and they make it easy to pick up the excess. I didn’t know about sanding with 600 on the 4th coat, thanks for that!
Thanks for getting back to me. Ive heard about a product called Osmo Polyx oil wine and water resistant have you tried it.
What a lovely finish just what I'm after. Would this finish be tough enough for a Jarrah dining table.  I hope so.
Will it work on plywood?
Very good instructions. I've been using a similar finishing protocol for years and it works well. Thank you
Thankyou for making your videos quick and easy enough for beginners like me to follow.
What's the best way to clean a piece of wood like this? Lemon oil? Plain  water? Furniture polish?
Anyone help? I did a peice of furniture which was pine and it turned out great. I started another peice of furniture which is also pine but I seem to have messed up because the oil doesnt sit on the surface like this and it is causing really dark patches, im using 120 grit sandpaper. Jacobean dark oak finish
Very good video
Just doing it now, bit scary!
Thanks for the explanation. I wanted to ask if this process is complete or needs other finishing procedures? Thank you Enrico from Italy.
Hallo Fabian, was ist eigentlich besser, Dänisch oder True Oil als Gitarren Finish? Danke.
Looks great, thanks for sharing x
I am applying Danish oil to new flooring and ran out halfway on my third coat. I can already tell the color is a bit darker in some spots now. Can I simply apply another coat when I get more or do I need to wait some length of time to fix this?
Thanks!! Very helpful
Do you use white spirits 20 % on first 2 applications? Is this true Sir ? Thanks
Thanks Fabian, I liked the comparisons,  try as I might in hardware shops, nobody ever seems to know the difference.  I don't want a glass finish, so I'll go gently!
Does danish oil contain real Danes in it? lol, nice video.
Does it have its odor? Or it's odorless? Because I'm planning to have my wood finished. And I'm thinking of a coat that doesn't have any smell. Or eco friendly
For floors, is it ok to be on the surface while doing these steps?
Very nice. Love the sand with oil. I have a bunch of 1”x12”x8’ red oak boards that are hung on staircase balusters. Looking for a quick way to finish them. This looks like the way to go. Matches the sheen on the wood doors in the building. Thanks.
i done the same as you and the danish oil went shiny but very bitty
What temperature does it need to dry? It’s winter here and the garage is around 5 Degree  Celsius. How long does the odor stay on? I’m want to use this for my child’s room. Thank you!
Nice vid, possiible First for saturation With lein oil and for the hardness danish oil? Sry My Englisch im german
I've used this method and loved the results! Now, what about removing Danish Oil? What's the most efective way?
Nice video :)  A bit of feedback, I think would have been useful at the end to show a before and after side-by-side.
Sorry, one more thing.. I fount watco instructions, and it said that for pine wood, they recommend to do a pre coat with Danish oil natural, and then I guess you can use the one with color. Is that your experience? Thanks much.
A question please, do you need to put a polyurethane on top of the danish oil as a top coat? I also heard good idea would be to put a beeswax after? Please advise.  Thanks!
What is the difference between Danish oil and True oil?
Thanks for the video. Can Danish oil be applied in cold temperatures? Like 40 degrees F?
I've seen various people advising to do "wet coats" with Danish Oil. In other words, apply additional coats every 20 - 30 minutes after the first one. Is there an advantage to waiting  4  - 8 hours to let it dry before applying each new coat?
Hola....what color do you use??my english no good
Hi there, is danish oil sufficient for kitchen drawer fronts please?  Also when you applied with sandpaper, I noticed you rubbing in circular motion i.e. not with the grain?
Do we varnish after the Danish Oil or is the Danish Oil a finisher?   Thanks
Nice video Fabian and well presented with all the information I required. I like the sanding tip. Thanks, this has been a great help
Really nicely done, Fabian. That's the best finish I've seen with Danish Oil. I look forward to trying this out.
I was advised to use Danish oil on my new woodworking bench, but only to put on about 3 or 4 coats. Is this good advice please?
I’m trying to figure out how to proceed on a project. I have ceiling beams that i sanded to remove an old dark stain ( from 1940) We think the long beams are pine. I’m trying to figure out how to get a nice natural look from these beams. I have a few questions I’m hoping you would be willing to answer. If I only use an oil will it give them some color without having to use a stain? If I do need to stain do I still use wood conditioners? And would you recommend the Danish oil, it seems to be the simplest to use.  I would attach a picture of my ceiling but that seems to be beyond my ability  to figure out. I appreciate any help on this. I’m clueless and if it isn’t a computer my husband isn’t much better ; )
Doing oak venner doors will this be durable for the doors including a kitchen door.
Great video. Thanks. Can you mix  oil Colours into the danish oil?
Thank you very much.  I am going to apply Danish oil on my staircase tomorrow.  <3   By the way. What is the last  oil that you put on? It’s so shiny?
You got a wood I like your wood lol. Anyway  I have a wooden door, it's looks Matt I want to make it shiny like your wood, may I ask what kind of sand and what size I should use on the door before apply the oil.
Nice explanation. I have a doubt. I have a solid teak timber and I am trying to transfer a photo onto it and my question is should I polish the teak first and then try transferring the photo or should I transfer the photo first and then apply the wood polish ( in this case Danish oil) . I also use gel transfer medium for the photo transfer.   Your response is highly appreciated.
I am working on a project with Knotty Alder, will Danish oil work? I really like the finish you achieved and would like to do the same with the Knotty Alder. Thanks!
Thank you! Great info! I have an old farmhouse table that needs to be refinished, and I wanted to try danish oil on it, but I didn't know where to start! This was perfect.
Nice finish. I used it last night, but only 2 coats. I did not know that it gets glossy after more applications. Thanks for the video.
Danke, Fabian. Sehr nützlich!
Thank you so much for your video. Regards in from Ukraine
Hi Fabian, +1 for your video. Thank you! Would you recommend finishing a teak-wood dining table with Danish oil? Is it good protection against occasional olive-oil/wine drops etc.? Thanks again!
Oh, 4-8 hours, the first time you said it I thought you said 48 hours. I have an 11 foot Walnut worktop I need to treat, Thought it was going to take me 4 days to to all the coats. 4-8 hours is much better haha
Might be a weird question but what type of wood are you using in the video? Also is there a brand of Danish oil you would recommend? Thanks.
Hi, Does it need some finish on top of the Denish oil? Say I want it to be water proof. Thanks for the great video.
Just stumbled across this video, exactly what I was looking for as I am going to finish a guitar with danish oil. Subscribed.
great video, concise, practical and complete
Id like to try this. I've never worked with wood before. What grits of sandpaper should i use for oak? How may coats? Thanks
Hi there. I am currently restoring a dining table made from reclaimed wood. I think I’d like to finish with danish oil but the wood is old and looking quite dry. Would you recommend I feed the wood with a linseed oil or something similar before I finish with the danish oil or will the danish oil be enough? I don’t want a glossy surface I just want the grain to pop and the wood to look “healthy” if that makes sense. Ha ha. Thanks! Loving your channel and learning a bout woodworking
Is the waiting time also 4 to 8 hours after the last coat? Or do i have to wait, for example, like a day until I can start using the wood.
Thank you for the effort of making these videos, they really help beginners like me a lot! Cheers!
I like using sanding sealer. Would you skip that step'  Nice video.
Thanks Fabian. Do you think Danish oil is a good finish for a coffee table? Or do I need something more durable?
does danish oil let the wood breathe?
How do u remove the smell
I'm finishing a wedding reception piece that will act as a guest book with sharpie signatures....will the Danish oil hold on to them and they won't wipe off?
great video Fabian
Thanks! Great Video!
Do you have any experience with the Danish soap finish?
Thanks for the video. Does danish oil need to be top coated with a polyurethane or other top coat?
Just put second coat on and wiped off will now leave for some time looking ok so far (Q) WAS IT A WET AND DRY SANDPAPER USED?OR WOULD A 240 SANDPAPER BE OK?
Did the Danes invent Danish Oil?
Great guide Fabian, keep good works.
Great! Thanks again.
I like the wet sanding idea - going to try this tomorrow on an oak window board I am fitting. Just to add that if you have an elec sander on oak you can go through a set of grit grades from 120 through to 1200 or 2000 for a really super smooth finish before applying the oil. If its really smooth, 2-3 coats will produce a glossy finish. 5-6 coats and it becomes a glass-like finish. Just finished a breakfast bar doing this. But this only works if you put in the time with the sanding.....swings and roundabouts.
Thank you for the sandpaper tip, my first project with Danish Oil is beautiful!
Once you apply the oil, you say, “now we wait a while”. Would you define “a while”? Hanks in advance.
Thanks Fabian!  We're putting this lesson to good use for our cedar bathroom ceiling.
Hello.. I have a wood front door on my home.. it's Alder. I would like to clean it then apply a good clear natural sealer without discoloring the natural OFF WHITE COLOR of the door.. Any suggestions would be appreciated.  THANK YOU  Joe
Hi, I tried applying danish oil on my worktop and after the third coat, the surface feels sticky to touch, any suggested solution and why it feels sticky?
Can you use wire wool instead of the sandpaper?
Thank you Fabian...what type of wood are you doing this demonstration on?
have you ever tried a danish soap finish? I can only find one video on this..
Great video Fabian.  Can I ask it's necessary to apply a protective varnish or polyurethane coat on top of the Danish oil? I'm doing a dining table so expect a lot of wear a tear. Is a Danish Oil Finish enough, or just a varnish coat, or Danish oil on top of varnish?   Thanks.
Thanks for the video Fabian . I am new to woodworking. My question is can you apply danish oil over oil based stain?
very easy to understand video but very few responses to people questions!
another great video, thanks! You helped me decide on Danish Oil (I was suprised to see on the can that it's made in the UK, best to stock up before Brexit, lol). for my project. It's a soild oak "Eckbank" for my dining room. I bought two "Bohlen" of knotty oak from a wood dealer in town and sawed/planed the wood at a friend''s home woodshop. Now it's time for the finish and I have two questions:  Is there any benefit to adding turpentine to the first coat? I've seen other woodworkers mention this at youtube, but not specifically for Danish Oil.  I'd like the finished wood to be a bit darker, to better match the other wood  in my house. Is it possible to tint the oil somehow? I tried pigment, but it just clumps in the oil.  Thank you again, Fabian!
very good mate thank you gonna apply Danish oil to my Rogers Export Monitor Speakers!
For those wondering, he sanded on coat #4 with 600 grit sandpaper.  It was at this point (after wiping off the oil) that he indicated a 'satin' finish was achieved.  This means 5 to 6 coats would be necessary for a higher gloss finish.
Thank you Fabian, a very comprehensive demonstration. We are going to try it today!
Thanks again for the video...I have a question if you don't mind; I first applied some BLO to my workpiece, about three coats and it was a little tacky even though I wiped all excess off after each of the three coats.  Today I rubbed the project down with mineral spirits and 0000 steel wool.  I let that dry good after wiping off excess and then applied Danish Oil.  Hoping this will cure better.  The project is a "Red Oak" decorative box.  Any suggestions?  Thank you!
I've been using your advice for my product at www.modelboathouse.com  - thank you for the tips!
Can I use 0000 steel wool with the oil, in place of the 600 grit paper?
Don't laugh. I just got Ikea floor tiles (acacia wood). I would like to treat it to help preserve it, and was thinking of Danish Oil. Does that make sense?
Using the sandpaper was a great tip, very impressed, many thanks and keep up the good work
What color watco danish oil did you use? And may I ask what type of wood you used it on?
i am doing this on a 8 ft board yeah I have A LOT of oil work to do but these tips are looking great just finished the sandpaper piece... it really made the grain pop.... I used FUR wood.... any tips for doing the edges and end pieces?
Hi Fabian,Thanks for the video, great stuff!How about the real wood feel? I am going to use either danish oil or linseed oil to protect kitchen worktop. Real wood feel is as important as the layer durability. I have watched both videaos and noticed that you mentioned that you can feel the wood after linseed oil is applied. Can you feel the same with Rustins Danish oil?
Thank you for the video I am building a bookshelf  and found your video comparing the oils very handy ... I went with Danish Oil  ... what was the wood you were applying to.. I am using fir ... trying to match a cedar table that was built by another fellow for us ... however for our bookshelf we chose to do it ourselves
Thanks Fabian, good video!
Hi Fabian, nice video.  I'm thinking about to apply Danish Oil finish on a panel of about 200 cm x 80 cm.  I've seen there are cans of 250 ml, 500 ml, ...  How much quantity do you think will i need for this task ?
Thanks!
Thanks Fabian, great vid! One question. With Danish Oil, do you recommend moving up in grit and wet sanding passed 600 with more applications? Or would that just be a waste of time?
Thank you very much for this informative video , two  questions please : 1- is using danish oil alone can protect wood ? 2- does it have bad odor  or unsafe smell  before drying  cause I intend to use it on a new build work bench Inside a room ? Keep up the good work .
I am in the process of finishing a shaker style wall shelf with a danish oil. Your video was very helpful.  Thanks
What species of wood was that?
Did you say 4-8 hours or 48 hours between 1st and 2nd coat? thanks
RESPECT!!!
Very nice presentation. Thank you.
Thank you Fabian.  That's the first time I've understood how to use Danish oil properly.
Great video, will really help when I try this....liked the 600 grit sandpaper technique!
Great video Fabian I always wonder what's the best way to apply Danish oil.thanx 4 sharing
Great video Fabian, Its a very helpful video.
Great video! Thank you Fabian.
Excellent timing!  I actually have several projects that I'm working on this month that I'm going to finish with Danish OIl, thanks for the video!  Man that finish looks nice!
Schönes Video, Fabian.Das haste super erklärt, wie man das Öl am besten benutzt.Mit dem Öl-Zwischenschliff war mir auch neu gewesen.Danke für die ganzen Erklärungen.
I would have liked to see this done on a dresser or a unfinished door
You know, I've been using abrasive paper for forty odd years and have never really understood the whole grit numbers thing. How about a wee vid explaining that mate?
Nice tip of the sandpaper, thanks for sharing!
thanks Fabian, I have been using this product but not properly I now see, great info. cheers
You need gloves man, and then burn them with the used rags.
Excellent coverage for wood. Like!
Never thought watching Danish Oil being could be so therapeutic. Always wondered why my single application never looked good :).... Keep up the good work..
Thanks Fabian, great advice.
