Where did all the other episodes go??
Thanks! 😃
using micha and tural oils - how do you prevent the soap from going brown?
Helpful, thank you!
Happy soaping
Hi when I’m using the melt and pour process and I’m using the soap afterwards it doesn’t lather up as much. Is there anything else that I can put in the soaps to get more suds.
So we should never add any herbs inside the soap. Just on top for aesthetic. Correct?
can someone tell me if i can use vanilla extract for food in soap?
Sorry, my question is not about herbs. Just wondering if you can add honey to melt & pour.
Thankyou a million times over. I'm a newbie at soap making and I want to stay away from lye. So melt and pour is for me. I am learning alot from you. Thankyou so much.
Omg 😮 Baby AM!!!
I already watch your video, thank you!
Hi Ann Marie, thank you for your videos! Can you please tell me what videos I can watch to learn how to mix lab colors; I bought a few from bramble Berry sometime ago but haven't mixed them yet. Thank you!
Does food coloring show on your skin when you bathe with your soap , can you dilute with glycerine  or rubbing alcohol
Hello there! If I use natural colour so can I do the same mixing colour powder with rubbing alcohol so I get the beautiful colour in my soaps?  Thank you
P
Hi there;I am really new to soap I ordered my stuff from Bramble and not sure of the general formula for using mica in cold process. Hanks
I found that this video was so important.  It really helped make things clear. Thanks 🌺
Do not order anything from this company, they have a policy of they will not accept returns, they do not answer their phone nor do they answer the email address if you can send one. So buyer beware
These all things u make learn is chemical free or not bkz I want to be all natural life and want make it others. Plz advice me
confusing
Hello, I have seen a lot of melt and pour tea recipes. Do you recommend using tea from tea bags in soap and if so, what fragrance would work well. Thank you
the buds won't turn brown if you add a few drops of vitamin e oil to the batch.  not too much or it may affect the scent of your soap.
Does it turn cold process soap brown also when adding herbs or flowers to the mix.
very informative. thank you!!
Hello, great channel, it's mesmerizing. I'm about to make my first soaps, can i use food coloring and food flavoring? Kisses from Paris
Is there anything i can add to MP when using dried rose petals so they dont turn brown?
Thank you for yor videos. It's very useful but i have a question can i add any organic oil like almond oil to melting saop? Or i have to add it from the base?
How much vanilla color stabilizer to fragrance ( for example for 1 oz fragrance how much vanilla color stabilizer?)
Hi Anne-Marie.  I, like others,  have learned so much about soap-making from your tutorials and I appreciate all of the information.  I have eagerly researched so much information, and now feel somewhat overwhelmed.  However,  I felt I was ready to try my first batch of cold pressed soap.  I opted not to use palm oil, so I used coconut,  olive,  castor and Shea Butter which smelled terrible - ( I didn't know to use the deodorized butter)  I infused 2 Tbsp paprika in 8 oz olive oil and gave it a warm water bath for 2 hours,  followed by running 2 Tbsp of the product through cheesecloth to use in my soap for color.  I also infused 1 Tbs titanium dioxide in 2 Tbs olive oil, plus 1.4 oz of Bergamot EO. Now to my question that I have not seen addressed anywhere.  When adding colors that have been infused in oil for ease of dispersal,  do I need to reduce the amount of olive oil recommended in the base recipe as I am adding the extra dispersal oil? I did just that today, and my soap came to thick trace within a minute, and it was like custard when I got it into the mold. It is currently in its first 24 hours after pouring.
hi. I have seen extraordinary bars of lavender soap that were NOT brown or green. Did the person making the soap use another process? I do not want to gift brown lavender soap bars! Please help, ASAP!
WHAT is the difference between clear soap base and white soap base?  and thank you for the information the result looks great!
Hi! I'm wondering, in cold process soap, can I use herbal tea instead of distile water? like linden tea or camomile tea or any herbs infused water? Does lye make tea bad? thank you! :)
Thank you for the video...is there a preservative that you can add to the soap to keep the flowers their natural colour?
Hello! I've lots of questions... Will fresh fruit extract spoil the melt and pour soap? Also, what is the usual shelf life of a melt and pour with dried herbs on it? Lastly, what are natural preservatives that can be used to extend an M&P soap recipe... Thank you! =)
Hi there - I've started the soap making a couple of weeks ago, and now I can't even sleep, all I'm doing is thinking and dreaming of it loooool. Thanks a million for your videos, they are very helpful and informative. I have a question please (and don't laugh at me) can i use a broken eyeshadow or blusher?
I am using these videos as "professional developments" :) and made the first soap tangerine with clear soap base also did my second training video with colorants and my purples came out exactly!!!! Love these videos
Hi! Can you use powdered milk to glycerin melt & pour soap base? I'm outside US and its really difficult to find goat's milk melt and pour soap base. Thanks!
do you have to dilute mica powders in rubbing alchohol?
can I use turmeric in melt and pour soap? If I can gow much should I use?
I cant find rubbning alcohol anywere in my country, is it possible to use perfume?
Hi! I plan to add fruit powders to the soaps. Should I mix it in water or in glycerin before adding to the soap? TIA :)
accidental ASMR video! I needed those tingles at work. thank you!
so can i use food colouring??
Ok ty😊
Will they turn brown if you add phenop
Hi, do you use the same alcohol mixing technique for mica and pigment as you used for oxides? Or do you use glycerine?
Is there anything to stop that? The brown ?
I am so grateful for all your knowledge about soap making. I have learned more from your videos in one day, than all of the rest of these soap making channels combined. I ordered the books you suggested about soap making and am excited to get started with the process of soap making. Thank You So Much Terrea
Do any of these colorants stain skin? They are beautiful but it'd be a little funny to have purple skin from the soaps.
how do you color your designs like the flowers soap ?
At what temperature of soap base should herbs and flowers and herbal powders be added? Thanks :))
hi, by adding herbs, doesn't the life of soap decreases to like 6 months? also, what if i use the soaps after the expiry of the herbs used in them? should we add any preservative to such soaps?
I want to tell you how much I love your tutorials. I have learned so much from you! I also get so much inspiration just from watching you work. :D  I did want to point out that if someone uses food coloring to color soap then caution should be used to determine which FD&C colors are used in the food colors. Most are approved for both food and skin, but blue #2 and red #3 are not approved for cosmetic use. You can go to the FDA site at this link http://www.fda.gov/ForIndustry/ColorAdditives/ColorAdditiveInventories/ucm106626.htm to see the information at the their site. It is on list 1. Thanks again. I look forward to your next video.
hii
Your so pretty 😊
More alcohol-oxide questions please.  Is there a formula for how much isopropyl alcohol to mix with the little measure of oxide?  Looked like it might be about 1/2 tablespoon?  Can this be done with ultramarines, too?  Thank you.
so could i use an fragrance oil and mica without it changing the color of the mica?
question, when you use the alcohol for diluting your oxides, is it just regular rubbing alcohol, 70% , 99%?
Hi, I don't see episodes 3-5 here.  This is my first time learning about soap, and I don't want to skip or miss anything.  Is there someplace where I can find those videos?
After you make melt and pour soap, do you set it aside and let it cure? If so for how long? How long to wait before wrapping the soap and what kind of material do you use to package or wrap it in?
I would like to make glycerine soaps with herbs and essential oils such as bay leaves, eucalyptus, and tea tree oil.....
I just came across your videos . I love them and you're so pleasant to listen to. I have a question about colorants, I'm new to soap making. If I want to follow one of your reciepes , and if it calls for a certain colorant, say a lab color , do I have to use a lab color or can I use a different colorant in place of it and would I then have to adjust the amount? Thank you Dawn
Hye ' what is ur best video without using a lye?
Hi!   You did mention you can use food coloring... Can you really? Will it stain your hands? Thanks!
Thank you so much!!! This video of yours really helped me a lot in understanding soap! :D So clear and with much information!
I have a bunch of honey soaps that I want to rebach because I hate the color. I am more into pastels, pinks, light blues, gray. What color do you suggest ? at least to get anything different to yellow, orange, green or brown?
You mentioned that everything that was alive will turn brow...how about rose petals?
She showed an unhappy face when she showed us the browned lavender soap, but she didn't tell us what to do about it. Is it just what happens and we have to deal with it?
I am new to soap making and I got some mica oxide color. I tried mixing the oxide with rubbing alcohol, then in olive oil with a different batch. Neither worked very well and I'm getting a grainy consistency and the coloring gets everywhere and stains. If I don't get the color mixed in well enough, will it stain the skin when someone uses the soap? Thanks!
can you use non bleeding as your only colorants?
Hi, I'm kinda new to this soap-makin'-thing. But when you use like green food color your hand turn all green? Or is it a such a small amount?  Great videos!
Hi Does Germaben help with the browning of the petals or flower buds in the m&p soap?
if you use dried lavender flowers will it still turn brown?
Once i dilute 10ml of the lab color into 8 oz of water, how much would i put into my soap? When putting this into a lye calc would i ass this as water or??? Im so confused, thanks so much!
What about color blocks?
Thank you so much for your wonderful videos! I am just getting started with melt & pour and I'm a graphic artist. I really want to make my own soap molds with my own designs. Do you have any advice about how to do that?
Is it okay to use fresh herbs in soaps or will they get moldy? I understand that the herbs will turn brown, but since I'm making the soap just for myself I don't care much about the coloring.
What is in the melt and pour. I want to make all natural soap. Do ever make soap with emu oil.
Are there any other herbs you would recommend besides Calendula Petals that will not turn brown?
Which colorant is the easiest to use? Thanks :o)
If you use food colour in soap, will it stain your hands after use?? Thank you!            Toodlepip !!
You sell non-bleeding oxides which are oxides mixed with glycerin, but in the video you're showing how to dissolve them in alcohol.  Which do you think is better for dispersing the color? Would both methods produce a non-bleeding color?  For the micas at the BB site, it would be really nice if you could create 2 sub-categories--one for the natural micas and one for the FD&C colored-mica.  It would make locating the natural colors *much* easier.   Thanks again. :)
So does that mean the soap will eventually start to go rancid/decompose?  Can you preserve the color (and soap) longer by shrink-wrapping it?  Thank you. :)
can you used dried herbs?
Question about the herb: so is there a way to prevent herbs from going bad in the soap?
Hi Anne-Marie. I'm so glad I found your channel - so many great ideas and inspirations to draw on! I live in WA and I was thrilled to find out that you are located in Bellingham. :) Question Bout the
hello :))) I was wondering if I could use food coloring on a shampoo bar? I mean, would the color come off? sorry for the silly question, but I would really like to know :))))
Ok thank you for the information!! i will keep that in mind next time!!!! ♥
I would love to know what we CAN add to soap without it turning brown in 2 days. It's hard to find that info out on the net.
if not all micas are nonbleeding, may you tell me which ones are and aren't from the "brights and pastels mica sampler kit"
I thought that micas were always nonbleeding...
I made some soap with the Cellini Red Mica from brambleberry, and my soap started bleeding!!! I didn't use a lot, so the ending color turned out to be a pastel orange...why did this color migration occur???
Hi, I have oxide and liquid Glycerine, how can I dissolve the oxide, how much glycerine can I use in oxide/ ultramarine? Thanks!
Thank You!
can I use food coloring?
@soapqueentv does that mean you can add glycerin to food coloring to make sure it doesn't bleed? It's just that I'm only 14 and on a budget so I don't really want to go and spend heaps on money on expensive colouring when I also have to buy all the other ingredients.
So can i use lab colour in say  a bath bomb? I  want to start making my own and one of my favorite things about bath bombs is how they lightly tint  the water fun colours
Hi I'm a new subbie. I'm just waiting for my moulds then I'll start experimenting with my mp soap. I was wondering can you add melted natural butters to mp soap to moisturise? Also can you add powders like clay and charcoal as colourants and detoxifying properties? Thanks! x
Hi Anne-Marie, the question I have is, in the video you said that it requires some extra care for the oxides to get in the melt and pour soap. What exactly does the care require? I saw that you mixed the oxide with rubbing alcohol, but I wasn't sure if that is all you had to do or not. Hope to hear from you soon. Thanks!
Hi Anne-Marie,  You didn't provide a solution to the browned lavendar buds. Does that mean that we can't use lavendar buds in our soaps that will sit purple-pretty for more than a few days? I sure hope not, and I look forward to an enlightening reply!
Hello, Anne-Marie! Thank you for sharing your soapy knowledge and information with the world! I'm very thankful for that as I'm a visual learner and brand spanking new at soapmaking. Just a few quick questions: It is ok to mix DRIED herbs (lavender, rose petals, etc) into the MP soap? Also, I would like to mix powdered milk/honey (or liquid?) to MP soaps. I have been advised that it will cut the lather depending on the amount of powder mixed with melted MP soaps? Please advice.  THANK YOU! :o)
I have a question....if I am using non bleeding colors should I use UV inhibitor if the soaps are going to be displayed in a window?????thanks
Hi i live in the uk and have got hooked on your video's they are great!! i use mica powders in papercrafting so when i have a go at making soap can i use these to add colour?
If I use dried lavender or rose petals, will it turn brown?
MAC has bright, loose pigments--can those be used to color your soap products?
@soapqueentv I already suscribed : D And i really love all of ur videos. thank u soo mcuh for sharing these videos with us!
Can you use any of these colorants in like Hard lotion/ Salve or ever cream lotion??? Please someone let me know, it would be awesome if i could!!
@soapqueentv Thank you for replying all of my questions in different episodes.....Im waiting for other videos from you, do u know when you will upload anoher video idea?
So why should we use lab colours if they mix badly? How about if i dont have any non-bleeding colours, i only have food colours and i want to do many layers of them? What should i do and is there any solutions???
Do you have to use alcohol to make the mixing easier?
@soapqueentv Wow. I totally miss that. Sorry for making you have to repeat yourself. Thank you so much!
Is there a way to prevent white soaps to turn into a "pastel" color when we color it? I hate how sometimes, I want a color to look vivid; but it looks so creamy instead. BTW< awesome video.
can u use food flavoring????
@soapqueentv Thank you, thats great. I will get the book in the near future.
Would like to add that I only plan to use a white M&P and I won't add colorants. :)
I've noticed that there are lavender buds in some soaps too but Im assuming that they don't brown after a week? Are there any types of lavender that I could put in the soap that wouldn't go bad? I'm kind of want to do a lavender and oatmeal soap -- think it would stand?  Thanks for your time soap queen! I want to make soaps as wedding favors.
I've made many soaps now over the last month & actually have friends buying some from me! (I've given most as gifts but some are special ordering ones.) But what I'm wondering is would I have to get involved w/the FDA at all at this point? I've been looking around on google & have a Soap Making for Dummies & they are saying that since this is something that goes on skin, you have to list EVERY single ingredient. So not just Shea Butter but ALL the ingredients in it. Is this true? Anyone know
I love your videos they're very informative. I also like that you let us know the cons of each thing that you're doing. In one video as well you mentioned that not only are the supplies available in Brambleberry (sp?) but that they're available in other craft stores as well-- goes to show that youre here to inform, not make a buck. Thank you for being so honest! :
quick question would you mix the micas with alcohol like the oxides to incorporate into the soap? thanks
In this you state that what you add in your sop that was once live will eventually turn brown. Are jojoba beads considered live? Also will these beads be ok in a shaving soap? Thanks
loved the video but I wanted the hear more about the herbs and different the herbs that can be used.  Maybe u can make a video just about herbs in soap. thanks
if the colors(oxcides, etc) can be used in eye shadow, how come they don't transfer onto the skin when using the soap or do they?
I <3 Soap Queen Tv!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Anne-Marie, Thanks for the advice! i will look forward to more information regarding herbal soaps. By the way, i am with Marmie on the Apron, its pretty cool. Can you send it my way too. Thanks! Alex PS I hope you are having a blast at the conference. :)
Hey Anne-Marie, great video!!!! this was needed for those of us that are venturing into the world of soapmaking. I have a question, is there anything that can be done for the herbs to have a longer life in the soap? and will the same happen in CP soap? I LOVE BRAMBLEBERRY BY THE WAY!!!!!!!! FOR THOSE OF YOU OUT THERE, IF YOU HAVE NOT TRIED THEM I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THEM!! GREAT COMPANY, GREAT PRODUCTS!!!!!!  Alexandra :)
