1:18  - 1:37   and 6:43 ,, some confusion caused here over the yrs, lol
Good video i did manage to adjust it until i got to the largest cog that's where i have a problem..on the largest cog the chain is rubbing on the tire..i have a fat tire ebike do you know how i could fix this?
No issues with assembly for me https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxHL1v1R3NE5x4KiYfyt8dnQmyNYz7qi5L  but I could see where some might benefit from using an experienced bike assembler/mechanic. I'm an older rider starting back after a 10 year break. This bike exceeds my capabilities and has been easy to get comfortable riding. I'm mostly on easy trails with almost no street riding and have not been disappointed with the performance of the bike. My fitness level is far below what I previously rode with and because of that the mileage is going on the bike slowly. While I'm losing weight slowly, the bike seems to tolerate my 220 pounds just fine. The bike has been used by several family members ranging from 5'5" - 5'9".
Mine doesn't have cable tension adjustment knob
This tutorial is wrong...  First and foremost, the limiters are adjusted first with No cable tension, otherwise the cable and limiters are fighting each other. Release cable tension FIRST, Then adjust the limiters. Then... Tension the cable in the High gear and then adjust the index with the barrel nut.
Keep up the good work ❤️👏💯🔥
make this vieo complete,once againe.it is big help
That’s helped me out with the problem i had with my bike thanks for that 👍👍👍
10:30
Terminology - "Cable Tension Adjustment Knob = Barrel Adjuster  //  "Small Sprokets/Gears = Pulleys  //   Limit Screws Are "High & "Low" (High Gear & Low Gear) and are indicated by H & L designations many derailleurs.  To avoid confusion - When you say you are shifting "higher" or "ïnward", you are actually down-shifting to a lower gear, and vice versa.  This is a really important concept for cyclists to learn and understand.
thanks for the great explanation, i finally have some idea.
Thank you so much very informative! I do have a question.. I have stem down shift assembly and when I TRY and shift gears..it wants to pull the sleeve with the throw of the shift arm. If that makes any sense. When i shift the housing wants to go with it. Any ideas on what I should be considering? Thank you!
عالی
barrel adjuster!
excellent video
My riverside 500 bike is out of alightment. Btw i have 9 gears on my bike. Is the smallest gear (cassette) means at the lowest number 1?
Ok thanks
How do you take the pedals off a 15 speed gravity
Gmbn has guided me through so many digferent problems building my bike and made things I knew little about(deraluers) pretty easy to understand I live in S.F. CA and our bikes take a beating on hills and street jumps , I recommend u guys to every one I know and thank you
Excellent step by step and camera angles are right on in the way you can see exactly what is happening and at a general good pace going through it. Thanks for the video (man)!
Somebody get this man end crimps
I find this an excellent learning tool. Thank you for making and posting it on YouTube.
Helpful but you need to improve in English
Well done for covering the importance of cable tension, gears wont work properly if the cable tension is wrong one or two videos on YouTube tend to skip it, and its vital. Well done for not leaving it out.
hello sir, I seem to have a problem in my bike's rear gear, as the rear wheel moves freely, the gears also move(which should not happen), but that is not my problem, my observation was, that the gears moved from left to right, which is vertical to the motion of the cycle or wheel. kindly help
ffs put a cable end on and clean your chain before you make a video
great explanation
its working on my cycle
best video, no other video could help
GREAT LIGHTING
Nice video :) BTW your rotor is rubbing. I wrote it just because I really hate that sound and I think you do too.
Best video so far THANKS ..now I got it {--;
best tutorial for adjusting rear derailur .. Thank you so much :)
what if the real derailed needs replaced
i have problem when shifting down to the second smallest gear. it dooes not shift down to the gear when i shift down again it skips the gear and goes to the smallest gear. i have no problem when shifting up
Thank you for making this video, I found it very helpful.
Thanks!  You just saved me quite a bit of money after I messed up my derailleur without knowing what I was doing.  Well done!
awesome explanation.
Excellent video.  You did an excellent job explaining just how to do everything.  You might have wanted to show how to unlock the cable and start from scratch...and you would have a complete how to video.
My derailleur is making problem .When the derailleur goes on 3,4 or 5 gear,mainly 5 it makes tik tik sound and it continues and it also no works properly .What to do ??? please reply
Thank you for this info, have made notes.    From merseyside uk.
Excellent video,,,,,I adjusted my Derosa  but I did it backwards ,,, I se t the limit screws first then cable and it worked beautifully,,,,,yahooo no more mechanic
Excellent explanation. Just tightening the cable solved half of my problems. The only issue I am left with is the very rough change down from third smallest to the second smallest cog.  It's very rough. I wonder what might be causing that.
hey, when I'm riding in easier gears the ride will be choppy. I will be pedaling then it will randomly stop giving power to the wheel but i am still pedaling then go right back to normal. What is this?
Awesome video mate! ..... thanks to you i'm back on the road again, cheers! i owe you at least a beer : ) thanks!
Y`all make look so easy when its freaking complicated!!!
Thanks a lot, great video to explain how to fix the gears.
Who the hell gave this a thumbs down?!   I mean, he misspoke a couple of times... whatever!   I've been adjusting my own transmission for well over ten years & I STILL learned from this video!   Good work RoadsideCycles... never mind the haters! :]
Sweet baby jesus, I've been looking through guides and this is the only one that made sense to me :P Gears are fixed and running smooth, thanks :P
You explained everything very clearly. Thank you for posting this video.
thanks man great help!
Thank you for this video.  I was having a tough time tuning mine. You made it easy.
Excellent and very informative video.  Well done.  Thanks.
My mountain bike didn't shift gears, after looking carefully i realized the rear derailleur was bent so i bent it outwards and it still didn't shit gears. I removed the back wheel and it turned out the derailleur wasn't bent, it was the frame that was bent. I bent the frame outwards and put everything back together then i remembered i had already bent the derailleur so now it was facing outwards quite a lot. I don't know how to go about bending it back and i don't want to buy a new one, How would i do this?
MUCH thanks, was able to successfully adjust the rear derailleur on my new El Cheapo 7-speed bike after watching this! Can now achieve lowest gear/biggest cog.
my bike chain wont move at all. what do i do?
Very helpful, thanks!
Very helpful Thanks
Great video.
Thank you very much for you are Explain, it is very simple and easy for me
Do you have a spare SRAM X-3 rear derailleur mounting bolt/b-bolt/b-screw?
Thanks from Texas!
thanks man your video was very helpful keep it up
great video,  now I know how to fix my own bicycle!!! Thanks man!!!
So informative. i like how you show the "wrongs and rights" and not just telling me what is wrong. You actually do a very practical tutorial. Well done!
hey your wheel is whobbly  lol
Finally I have understood the mechanism of shifting :) Thanks a lot, man!
Dude, great video! It helped me fix all of my gear bikes
loved the video very imformative
this was a real help, thanks a lot!
Just a little observation - the subject name Pronunciation it is Dérailleur from the french in which where "ll" follows i    -  you sound an English "Y" de-ray-yer  Otherwise very helpful and much better detail than others.
Perfect video. I bought a gmc denali  at walmart and it is out of wack . hopefully I can fix it with ur help. thanks man.
Thank you so much!
Thanks
nicely done, thanks
By far the best explanation on youtube about rear derailleur ! Half way through the video, and I was able to figure out the problem in my cable tension. Thanks a lot !
I am so pleased to have discovered this video. After watching many others, none had specifically mentioned an aggravating problem I had while tuning. After shifting to a larger rear sprocket, and letting go of the shifter, the derailleur would pull the chain back to a smaller sprocket. Only this video specifically explained what was happening and how to correct it. Thank you Roadside Cycles!
great video. very informative.
Very good quality video and very good explanation in layman's terms.
