3:28  Looks good but will it hold 200+ pounds?  Did everything work out ok?  Is it holding?
the idea of mounting a box this big on drywall. NOPE. yea. unless you got that fimbsy metal studs. that's a hard pass for me. id be lag bolting that badboy to  studs.
Is that drywall?? Or brick wall?
Is it just me, or did he hang this upside down?
Is this still hanging on the wall?
OMG That things hanging on 4 toggle bolts only! Yikes. I'll bet if someone loads that rack it will eventually pull away from the wall leaving new holes that are very large.
I've used a chemical anchor just to be 100% sure to secure anything "rack" related
I thought about putting a piece of plywood behind it rather than relying  on Anchors. Do you find them to be sufficient?
Pro tip: If you need 4 of those anchors, buy 8. I always end up breaking one or two trying to insert them. Or maybe that’s because I’m not a pro. Can’t be sure.
Bruh! It sent chills down my spine seeing you use those plasterboard mount. I have mine done with lag bolts. Was looking at videos as as I want to reposition it to a different wall and want to fix a noggin in. How is yours after 5 years?
Everything about this video hurt my brain. I don't even understand the point of this video if you didn't show the end result of the job. Was this an advertisement for the wrong way of mounting a rack on a wall, and then you ended the video? How on earth do you have 17k subs? Are 16.9K of them russian bots?  You should be happy YT removed the dislike button, because i'm betting the like:dislike ratio is 1:100 minimum.
dangerous i think...
So you rather have it fall on top of them? Great Hitman execution
it looks as solid as mayonnaise
If you're an installer doing this in 2021; for the love of god stop mounting them at ceiling level (if you can help it). Think of the tech's that need to come in and work on one of these cabinets in the future. Standing on a ladder, rack mounting equipment is a pain in the ass.
"So I've got this big black (fill in the blanks)."
Studs! You need to secure your cabinet on at least one stud. Very important! Those snap toggles, not butterfly bolts, they may be rated for the correct weight, but how thick is your drywall? They can rip right through the wall if you under tighten them or if you over tighten them. Whenever hanging anything with weight, hit at least one stud. My boss would fire me for sure if I mounted a rack like that to a clients wall. I will post a video next week on my channel with the proper safe way to mount a cabinet to a wall. I hope yours does not fall down and I hope you don’t have many pieces of equipment in your rack.
You are going to kill someone will that.  Screw it into something structural, not drywall.
A stud or 2 would have been a good idea
How did you decide on what bolts to install?
God bless you Sir
Not that it matters IMO but those Drywall Anchors look like TOGGLER SNAPTOGGLE's not KH's...  The KH's cost a bit more but have a Circle finger hole at the top for a quicker tight/secure anchor...  People looking to do this at home should compare both.... I wouldn't trust more than 100lbs hanging from that drywall though...
Short great video 👌 I am going to do it today 😁👍
potentially dangerous mounting install you have there. A little too much weight and the drywall/butterfly bolts will fail. Those things are fine for light duty shelves, but not a cabinet of equipment.
Better to to make new holes if necessary in the rack so that you can secure the rack to studs in the wall.
Do you have a isp?
Has it fallen off the wall yet? You can't hang a rack on anchors. It needs to be mounted to studs.
There is no way I would mount my server to the wall without putting Lag bolts in studs.
what is the rack size. is this 6u?
How long did it take you to discover you hung it upside down? Keyholes have the large hole towards down, and the small section towards top, so you push the enclosure over a bolt, then gravity pulls it down into the smaller part of the keyhole, snugging it up. You hung yours with the large part at the top......which is why you needed washers.
did that cabinet help cut down on the fan noise of the devices?
what are the deminsions of that rack
did you have to put any screws using the studs?
Even for more support, in addition to mounting it on the studs, use plyboard for extra support.
Thanks for the video! I just bought a tripp lite rack/enclosure and I have been trying to figure out how the heck to wall mount it. this video helps but i think im gonna use the advise someone posted of using the wall studs. Glad you showed the mounting kit!
do you know the name of this particular cabinet?
I appreciate you spending time on this instructional video, but I don't want other people to make a dangerous mistake.  If this is drywall, it's not meant to support heavy loads.  Cabinets should really be lag-bolted into the wall studs.  This installation may not be a problem now--and it may never be a problem--but, for sure, the next person that racks additional equipment will assume that it was properly mounted.  Either right then and there, or later (over time), the drywall could fail and drop the cabinet.  Best case scenario, you lose some equipment; worst case, someone loses his head.  I suggest remounting the cabinet for your own safety.
what size switch fits in there?
