I like masterblend.  Sure you got to miss three parts separately. But it's so cheap. Works for all varieties of plants. Tomatoes, lettuce, carrots, melons, cannabis.
Great video!!  do any critters get at your peppers?
Thank you for your excellent teacher ... Please provide a statement of the type and percentage of the solution nourishing according to the growth stages of the tomato plant and indicating the degree of salts and acids
Very non informative
Do you have a video showing how to build the system you use?
In the long run the powdered nutrients are a bigger baby for the buck
Can you comment about what fertilizer you used and how much?
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmQmZp0PXU_v-RuofgXzeJQ?disable_polymer=true
Maxigrow and bloom works excellent, Too expensive to ship Masterblend into Canada, so Maxigrow is half the price for me. I use the Krakty System fed from a 80 litre bin and control 10 buckets fed from a Control Bucket with a float valve to keep the nutrient level at  3”. No pumps and my plants look exactly as yours, cucumbers doing really well. Lettuce crop in 35 days.
Dear sir. I am a beginner of hydroponics and want to know that how much of dry fertiliser gtams per gallon ( Master blend,  Calcium Nitrate and Epsom salt) should I use and when to change the nutrients? does the plant eat the whole solution and it reduce or we have to change the solution.
I know it gets hot in Wisconsin in the summer, sometimes 90s, right? Other than wrapping your container in foil bubble wrap, did you do anything to keep the heat out of your nutrient solution? Or does heat not matter when doing a drip hydro system like you have there?
Inspiring!!
Glad you're excited about Hydro.  :O)  Big Beef tomato? Brent
Wow! You had 45 subs 55 days ago and you now have 169. Your channel is really growing :) 124 subs that is more than 2 a day :) I am so happy your channel is expanding so quick :)
When you over winter the peppers do you pull it up from the root or cut the stem?
Great work. I must upload my hydro systems. Love your Jalapeños!
Do you have a video on how you made your system?
cape gooseberry
Good looking fruit
