I have the monster tail but I don't know where it is  "LOL" but I haven't made a lot of bracelets on it only 2 kinds of bracelets the... I for got LOL
I am ganna try this out!!    Edit: WTF THIs Is harDdddd
I love your voice! 😍
Hi Sarah! I love your channel and your so good at rainbowloom. I'm looking for some advice: I love to make rainbowloom bracelets and I want to make videos on youtube showing people how to. Should I start from the beginning with single bracelets then work my way up to more challenging bracelets, or starting at more advanced bracelets then later on showing people how to make easier bracelets, or completely skipping easy bracelets and only doing challenging ones. I really don't know what to do because challenging bracelets will give me more veiws, but you would have to know how to do the easy ones in order to watch  so that's less veiws. Thank you so much Sarah for these awesome videos and please do more rainbowloom bracelets! (Btw my name is Josie!  :) I'll see you in your next video!
hello SoCraftastic I love your video's Can you do a request how you design monster tail or a rainbow bracelets
Fantastic tutorial. (another fantastic tutorial I should say ;) ) I have loved your Channel for as long as I can remember, when I randomly browsed+found you oh so long ago. Lol Having a YT channel is a whole new thing for me, so can finally subscribe after seeing your channel for yonks/years.... I think you are truly an awesome inspiration.The loom band phase has pretty much died, but I can't wait to try out some of your loom band tutorials. :D HNY to you hun+best wishes for 20-17. Greetings from NZ. <3
omg im so not gonna regret subscribing to you!!!!!
Can you use a normal rainbow loom for this bracelet? I love all your videos
easy
I can't wait to try this D I Y
can you please Jesus bracelet on the Rainbow Loom
I am reddy
Looks beautiful!
I've been hoping you  would do a Monster Tail tutorial! This one is beautiful!  <3
can you please make more monster tail tutorials
can you please make more monster tail bracelet tutorials +SoCraftastic
can you please make more monster tail bracelet tutorials +SoCrafttastic
Make slime
oh! You look so beautiful :-)
my daughter loves your videos she has the monster tail box
it is fantastic!! tahnk you !!! I made it...XX
I love your vedio
I love your vedio
You should show how to make this for a regular Rainbow Loom.
i think this bracelet is so cool i am a really big loom fan
DO MORE!!!!!!! Please
you are a genius ;)
cool design
How do you make your own bracelet designs?
I love it
Can you make a Rainbow Loom version of this video?
I love this video but i not can make it
Good thing I have the 8 peace loom I got for Christmas
Cool
Can u please do more monstertAil bracelets
Can you make a charm ona monstertail?😦😦pleassssssssssssse?
Is it possible to do on rain b ow loom?
Shut up rainbow loom nerd geek just get off youtube Your whole life is shit
Can yo please try to do it in the rainbow loom
can this b made on rainbow loom?
This good video cool Danielle savage
Can u do this on rainbow loom?
I so so so so so so so much I so like it
Wow
how do u think of making bracelets ive made one before like i made it up
could you use a rainbow loom
#epic   YOUR SO COOL SOCRAFTASTIC!!!
Can you do it on the rainbow loom 😄
I can't make then
Do you make then for anybody
You are so awesome
Love your voice so much ahh!
Cool you got a like
I bought my Monster tail today and this is the first this I'm making on it :3
What if you don't that can we still do it
So Cooooool!
You are great
Cool
It's difficult
I made the black,gray,white frays for days and i LOÕØŌŒÒÔÖÓ0VE IT
Sarah does the monster tail have a free plastic yellow hook ?
Can you do this bracelet on the rainbow loom pleasee
I turned mine into a charm, thanks and great job with this creation
OMG it is so cuute
wow thank you so much :)
Looks cool
Can anyone tell me some cool color combos for the middle of the bracelet?? BTW I don't have grey. Tx. PLEASE HELP!!
Your Met
Can you make a French Braid
i can't make one don't have a monster tail :(
Love the bloopers
MAKE ON THE RAINBOW LOOM PLZ :)
Did u try saying rubber band in spanish
I love this bracelet!! It looks so cool in person!!!
thank you :D
Can you make one on the Rainbow Loom Pls
love that bracelet well done
love your videos can you do another suscribe prizes again
i love the names of the monster tail desighn
i have the monster tail too
Could you make frays for days on the rainbow loom if you don't have the monster tail???
This is my favourite bracelet to date. Only thing is the finishing off doesn't look so good.
I made it on 2 forks!
I love  this braclet could you try to do this but when pulling the bottom band over the top invert it I would love seeing how that would work
Omg love it used my favorite team colors for the middle (steelers) thank u for making the videos so easy to see and understand
Cool design!!
this band looks and is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
You should do hair tutorials
one word WOW this monster tail design is a bit complicated but its cool!!!!! Love it so much ^^  :)
P
please make one of the rainbow loom nederlands triple link
If you don't have a monster tail watch DIY mommy make a monster tail out of two loom
This is the thing, I see it and it's just I see you talking and it gets really boring! I saw you sing also!
Great loom instructions
loved making this bracelet!!!! It looks really cool
Cool
The smile face and the heart. The panda and the frog.
Screw the people that don't like it it's epic
#FraysForDays
Hey Sarah :) I was wondering if you could make more monster tale bracelet diys. Ive been doing the same old fishtale, inverted fishtale, hexafish, and kinda get bored of it! Hope you can help me and fellow subscribers out :)
so cool
Thanks, Sarah!!!  Mine turned out great!!!!! :)
Hi
Thanks it's really nice xx
Can you do more monster tail videos
hi can do this on rainbow loom??????????
hey Sarah would you have another Rainbow loom giveaway?
More monster tail braclets PLEASE:/
I would love to do your hair lol
Amazing
great video i love doing rainbow loom too. please subscribe
Can you please make a baby minion charm
Can you please make a baby minion charm
Pause at 00:22
Best band ever
IM GETTING THE monster tail because of u SoCraftastic TY
Don't listen to what other people say your great keep doing hard work xox Nathan Ferrar
I tried it on the rainbow loom and it turned out wrong. But i will not forget to keep trying on these bracelet and i love crafts
i love it! super duper!
this is so pretty thank you so much thanks
the only loom i have is monster tail i lost or broke my rainbow loom
witch rainbow loom do you get the medol hook in how ever you spell it
Where did you get your shirt from its cute
I don't have a Lome
Wow I love your viods my name is charity I am your biggest fan
I love this bracelet so much but I don't have a monster tail is there any way this can be made on a rainbow loom
Nice background!!!
I love the designs... I would love to do this, but i don't have Monster tail yet! :((
Hi I'm stef  and I wanna thank you for your good comments and if you have any suggestions pls tell me in the comment :-)
Hi I'm stef  and I wanna thank you for your good comments and if you have any suggestions pls tell me in the comment :-)
awesome i love your videos
I like you're creation and its so cyte
Hi would you be able to do an english tutorial of the "unicorn tail rainbow loom" bracelet? Because i don't know a better name for it and i can only understand english :/
It takes lots of time...
Looks like the truffula twist
Please make a new loom bracelet you earn a suscribe
I have also made my own bracelet called starburst mess
Hi my name is Abby and on my channel I found a way how to make the new Quadzilla Bracelet that your supposed to make on a Monster Tail, on a RAINBOW LOOM. If I get 5 subbies I will make the Frays for Days Monster Tail bracelet in this video on a RAINBOW LOOM!! Thank you for reading and when I reach 5 subbies I will make it! Have a great day!! ~Abby B
I love the design and you explained it very well, I will definitely keep watching your vids!!! ( :
can you do a monster tail loom giveaway?  Plz
Little tiny loopy fringies! Hahaha
-:)
Look great :)
Can you do more bracelets on the monster tail? Thanks
I'm going to try this bracelet with beads instead of coils. Thanks for the tutorial 😄
Did you made it up
Can you make one on the rainbow loom
Is this possible to make on the rainbow loom?
So craftastic can you please give away a monster tail and a rainbow loom
HELLO! I HAVE LEARNED HOW TO MAKE THE QUADZILLA BRACELET ON A REGULAR RAINBOW LOOM! IF YOU SUBSCRIBE TO ME AND WATCH MY VIDEO, I MAY BE ABLE TO MAKE THIS BRACELET ON A RAINBOW LOOM! THANKS FOR READING!
I use to have the monster tail but it broke
can you do it on a big loom
How do we do this with a big loom??
Lovey! 500th Comment!
Omg
I'm making this bracelet and it looks just like
This bracelet took FOREVER for me to make, but sooooo worth it!! I have been getting compliments from all my friends, about how cute this bracelet was!!! Thanks  Sarah!
loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! it
How do you make a frays for day bracelet with a rainbow loom bar?
I love it! can you make some more charms
So cute thumbs up for that
where can i buy a monster tail from please  sarah as i want to make this x
I'm gonna try using pony beads for my coils!
well it is pretty easy to make a monster tail loom wipee
Hey girly where did you get your top
hey there where did you get your top?????
Can u please do a rainbow loom bracelet collection video😟
Do you think you could do a tick tock duck tape bow tutorial? plz!
cool were did you buy it
i love my new frays for days bracelet
Can you mak a Palmer clay sun set
Iove you it is midnight and I am watching  you
Can you do it on the rainbow loom?
You are very talented. Idk where you get the time to do all cool things. But I just had to say that sure your parents are proud.  I am a parent to. Good luck.
Can you make a video how to make this without rainbow loom
I luv this bracelet so much!!!!! But sadly I don't hav a monster tail :( Plz show how to make this on the rainbow loom! Thnx ;)
Would you be able to do this bracelet on the regular rainbow loom
wow that nice i wish i could make one but i cant because i dont have a loom
:)
Sarah where do you buy your gray  bands
Do it on Rainbow Loom ©!
I'm going to get the rain bow loom today
Can you make it on a rainbow loom
i dont have instagram  but i will soon!
OMG I DID NOT REALIZE THAT U COULD MAKE ON RAINBOW LOOM! I TOOK IT OUT IN FRUSTRATION AND NOW I CANT MAKE AGAIN! Sarah a meanie poo!!
Can you do it on Rainbow loom
LOVE IT
Can you do some more give always plz socraftic like including monster loom and rainbow loom and a box of colors and bracelets and a pack of black band and white bands ppllzz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love so SoCraftastic. P.s. Your beautiful.
It turned out great !! Thank you . You should make a lot more videos though . ☺️☺️
U ar cute
Love it
stop its hard
Congrats on being put as a star on the rainbowloom members only zone!
Can you make it with a normal loom , not on a monster loom
So Craftastic  Can I do this bracelet on the rainbow loom because that's the only one I have and would it turn out the same? Thanks!
I love your Monster Tail ,Frays for Days bracelet. can you make more Monster Tail bracelet. Your stuff is very cool
I am joking
i made mine on a proper rainbow loom LOL :D
Uggghhh im so late gesh!!!!! I would have been the first one 2 see I feel bad sorry...... Nice bracelet btw☺☺
Can you make it on the rainbow loom plez
Im your number one fan I love you  rainbow loom tutorials
How can you make it on a rainbow loom
Thanks for the tutorial it really help me alot I have made it and posting on ig :)
Were do u live
Can you use the normal rainbow loom for this??
[putnam]
Wow ang Ganda
MAKE MORE RUBBER BAND VIDEOS WITH THE MONSTERTAIL.
Do it on the  rambowloom
Cool
SoCraftastic could you make it without the little frays. I mean, with just the black grey and white, or whatever colours you use????
Do you need that monster tail or can u use a normal loom
Plz make it on the original rainbow loom.
I wanted to sat that it is cheaper at michaels
The monster tail is cheaper than online.
U can just pull off the middle
U just lost a subscriber
What country do you live in england or america
Could you do it with a normal rainbow loom
Where did you get that loom from?
more give awase
do more
can you do this on a loom
can u do this on the rainbow loom
i really like this vidio sooooo much!  but i don't have a monster loom (tear) if i did i would make this! Thanks, Jemaira Vestey :-D o_O :-) ;-) :-P =-O :O B-) :-$ :-! O:-)
Can you show us how to make the citrus bracelet the double braid bracelet the small basket weave which is on one loom and the illusion bracelet
Can you show us how to make the citrus bracelet the double braid bracelet the small basket weave which is on one loom and the illusion bracelet
do it on a rainboow loom
Can you do more rainbow loom tutorials
Can u use any ruber bands plz answer
Can u use any ruber bands plz answer
Were do u get the ruber bands in morocco
do a inverted split fish do a triple tail / tri fish (3 pin fishtail) and try to do a penta fish (5 pin fishtail) i tried but I couldn't do it
do more rainbow loom videos plz
thanks for uploading on my birthday :D :D :D :D
i wish i can do it but i not have a monster loom
hey can you do a frays for day using loom pls
Nice video Sarah, hope you can visit my channel:-)
Nice video Sarah. Hope you can visit my channel :-)
Can you do the rectangle braclet
I love your video
I love it
where did you get your top?
Hi socraftastic you stole my idea for the hip fish I made that and posted it on my Instagram
How often does she post her videos
I suggest learning the mistque bracelet first its the same bracelet as this but without the frays, you can find a tutorial for it on tutorialsbya
love it
Can you do videos on the mini loom
Do you have to use the monster peg
How does UR bands ever brake
how much loom bands does this take to make
Do you need to use the monster loom can you just use a loom
will you do it on a rainbow loom
Do rainbow loom pencil grip plz
Could you do it in a rainbow loom
Why monster loom?WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!¡?!!?!?!¡!?!?¡!!!!!
Great bracelet! Not sure if this has already been said but it's way easier to apply the "frays" if you loop two bands around your hook 4 times each and than slide them onto your band before placing that band on your loom. So much easier and faster. I also did this on the rainbow loom but I needed two looms to set up the right peg configuration. Thx for your awesome tutorials! Plz keep them coming! :-)
Please do the snake :)
Omg socraftastic! I love u sooo mutch❤️u r the best and I just subed u. I have been watching your vids fore ever and ever and could never sub to because I didn't have a YouTube account and now I can and al so  can someone please tell me why iMovie isn't letting me post up vids cause I have a vid to post up but every time I try to do it it says failed to upload to YouTube and I have full wifi so can some one plz tell me why?
Can you make this on the fun loom?
can you do this on banda loom
do another monster tail tutorial
It is cool
It was cool where did you bought the monster tail box
Can you do it on rainbow loom plz!!!!
Hey hey hey !! I'm fluffy pony watch my videos and if you think my videos are nice and if you want to watch my new videos, click subscribe :)  Hope you will love it!
Awesome! Thanks for making these amazing videos that always help!
Can you please do another charm video?
You can do that without the frays as well
i love your videos i saw all of them and make lots more rainbow loom videos bye!!! :D
Can you sub to me
Do one on the. Loom
I luv u xx
Like it
I wanna do it for my mom and my dad but i cant i dont have that loom 😔
I love socrafstc
How do u do it with rainbow loom ?
Wat if u don't a the monster loom😱
Make more rainbow loom bracelet tutorials please!!!
It is like a huge fish tail with the quaual
where do you edit your videos?
Can you make a tutorial on the Rainbow Loom Totem Pole Bracelet   Thanks
Love your design  I just don't have a monster tail so just PLEASE😥 make your own design but just on a regular rainbow loom😋
I love it I' am sub.
You and all of my friends have the monster tale and I am always left out when my friends make bracelets and I just want to be apart of it but they don't let me because I don't have the monster tale and I am not saying u should not make them it ur the best and amazing and perfecti just want to be like u😕😕
what if you don't have a Monster Tail?
Your pretty
00.25 - Yay for "crafty things"! Quote quote Socraftastic, Sarah
Do it on rainbow loom
Do it on rainbow loom
XD the comment A black band across a black backround
Please make a video showing how to do it but on the rainbow loom!! :(
Can you make a videos of all your crafts you made through out your history of crafts please
My metal hook broke and it's real
I don't have a monster tail
Can you do this with the regular rainbow loom
Can u make a tutorial for this bracelet on the rainbow loom because i dont have a monster tail
Socraftastic in one of your next giveaways can you do a monster tail and the upgraded metal hook with rainbow loom refills?????
I tried it on the friendship look worked ok ish but rainbow loom I did it also and I left the middle on but it works out good
You need to do more tutorials on how to make rainbow🌈 loom charms! Please😢? Your friend, Isa😊💖✏🎨🐱🐰🐹🐼🐻🐯🐸🍪🍫🍭🍬🍦🌹⛄❄🌉🌃🌜🌛🏊💎 💠🌟🎅😻✨🚴🌌🌎🌅🌊🌺🌈🍓🍒🍉🍟🐨🎶🎤🎡💻✂📱💬🎉🎂🎁🎄🎃📚📙📘📗👠👗💅👻😝😴👑👚🔭🔬💭📀🎢📷🎥🎬🐢🐶🐷🐵🐝🐞🐜🐬🐧🐘🐊🐋🍕🌰🌻🌼🌸🌷🍀🌞🌇🐎✈💐💡♥⭐🌠🔍 ps all of the little icons of the things I love are there because I think they are adorable and I love them. Bye🙋
Thanks
Good job
great tutorial. i love the bracelet. liked
can you do a tutorial on the "frays for day" bracelet on the rainbow loom please
hi you tube I make videos too aby kind as long as they are appropriate ok thx plz subscribe!!!♡♥♡♥!!
Who thinks about that in the middle of the night? THIS IS WHY I NEED YOUTUBE VIDEOS TO BE CREATIVE
Looks like justinstoys 5v but with end capps
Can you make this with a regular sized loom if you take the middle out?..
Shut ### you frog
Is it posible to make clay or not b3caus3 I can not buy it so if u can please make a video
Ok thx x
STOP ASKING IF YOU COULD MAKE THIS ON A RAINBOW LOOM, SHE MENTIONED IT ON 14:15 WATCH THE VIDEO BEFORE YOU COMMENT. :l
You look like Bethany mota
Can you use a a regular rainbow loom to create this bracelet?
I'm so sorry that wasn't me it was my brother soo sorry
You're cool
Never mind sorry
Can you make this on the rainbow loom?
How about you dont have a mostor tail and you whant to ues A loom
Can u do a video of it on the rainbow loom plz. If so thank you. Plz reply
2 of you're subs found ot we are bffs we both luv u were at recital
U r beautiful
Aaaaawwwwwww i wanna make that but i dont have a monster tail  :(
You should make a triple fishtail
Omg I love your videos and I really hope you see my pic on Instagram xxx
Hey can you send me a rainbow loom kit?? I cannot buy it bcz im in sri lanka so there is no shops to buy! I subscribe you and I liked your every video  But the sadness thing is I cannot make rainbow looms without a kit :(
Love it
Omg I love this braclets thanks 💕
can you make a giveaway to celebrate the 400,000+ subscriber I always enter but didn't win
can you make a giveaway to celebrate the 400,000+ subscriber I always enter but didn't win
love it but start making things on the rainbow loom then ill give u 6 thumbs up
i dont have a monster tail
Can you make one for rainbow loom I don't have the monster tail...
Where is crafty Friday?
Awe you do don't post a vid today
Loved this
After I saw your rainbow loom box I got new bands there all one cooler not mixes oh yeah! Sooooo crfactictic :-)
Can. U do this on just a rainbow loom???
DIY ROOM DECOR
I am so going to make one
I made this on my rainbow loom subscribe to my channel and I will show you bye
I don't know anyone using rainbow looms anymore
Can you make a video of this bracelet without using the Monster Tail?
Do a plomer clay video
very clever...I'm going to try this tonight...Thanks so much!!
Hey Sarah, how do you make text pop up while the video is playing? I have iMovie and I just can't figure it out...
You nearly have 500,000 subscribers!
Can I do this with a normal rainbow loom?
Can you post videos on your fashion channel for spring fashion  Also please post videos more often
Can u make it for rainbow loom plzzz it looks amazing so I want to make it on my rainbow loom
Can you do this with the regular loom?
💜
It would be handy if you told us a head of time how many bands needed.
Can you make this on the normal loom?
Love
Im geting one today after school
Can we use our normal loom???^_^
So we have to make it ith the monster tail
Can you Mackit wthi the rainbow loom
make a rainbow loom version PLZ
Can you do polymer clay please
I don't have monster tail but I have rainbow loom and I love your channel for rainbow loom so can you please just do rainbow loom!?!
awesome design!!!!. how many bands does it take though? approximately. :)
You never designed this tutorialsbya made this one like a month ago so stop it
can you do a polkadot rainbow loom, if you don't know that you can watch it from tutorialsbyA I want you to make it because I don't get it from her channel she is really fast so pls make it! YOUR VIDS ARE AWESOME
Please please please do diy cell phone cases if you don't already 🌸thank you even if you don't, I love your videos even tho ur prolly not reading this 🌾anyways  please I would love it bye bye😊
Do a metal hook giveaway of all the the colors
She did at the end of the video.
Please check out mine and my cousins channle we just started
Can you use a regular loom for this stitch?
Why aren't you posting videos on sarahlynnfashion anymore? You are still great!!!
I thought your name was Bethany Noel mota
Hi! I love this idea im going to try it on my regular rainbow loom are you still doing craft reviews? I know you probobly already answered this so I apologize if you did! I would love to send you a couple items if your still doing them tho! Love your videos ! - Kawaii Unique Boutique
Could you make a rainbow loom pencil gripper
May u also please get the fun loom
Posted 5 hours ago
your basiclly my art teacher lol X
Moré rainbow loom
Do more RAINBOW LOOM BRACELETS
Can you make more tutorials on the monster tale
I love it but I don't have a monster tail I'm just going to try in my rainbow loom and I'm going to check it on toy kingdom or toyurus
I love it but I don't have a monster tail I'm just going to try in my rainbow loom and I'm going to check it on toy kingdom or toyurus
can u also include a rainbow loom organizer if u have another giveaway?
can u also include a rainbow loom organizer if u have another giveaway?
i know that you did it already for the rainbow loom, but without the pencil
so can you do that for me?
Dear SoCrafstic, thanks for making this bracelet for me, but i would appriecate if you make this on the rainbow loom
omg i LOVE UR RAINBOW LOOM videos and i was wondering if u could do another huge giveaway that includes a monster tail kit,a rainbow loom kit,and a metal hook or is that to much to ask? plz im out of school on may 21st and im allowed to use a rainbow loom becuz my cuzin has one and shes going away for the summer can u plz do another giveaway ? plz answer me ^_^
Can you please make more duck tape videos also I really like your videos
Laur diy is awesome
Love this bracelet I am gonna make it this weekend.
I made a new braclete and came out great so do you want to see I posted it on instergram
Sarah i❤️ the frays for days!!!!
Why are you so pretty and creative? Love ya! I am a subbie
Please subscribe me
Awesome design Sarah, I am definitely trying it.
Could I do it on the rainbow loom
Hey Sarah,it would be very helpful if you responded to my comment and I'm not doing this so she can reply so relax! Do you absolutely need a monster loom or will a regular loom work fine?
I love this
You forget to show people's creations from last Friday
is very beauty i love it!!
Cool
Yes thank you and thank you for uploading the suggestions that I comment on the hip fish bracelet thank thank thank you!
i need a monster tail
More rainbow loom!!!!
cool your so awesome
YAY! i might get this tomorrow so i'm glad you posted this tutorial!!
So pretty!
Incredible desing!!
Would this work on normal loom
For the rainbow loom you could just use 4 pegs
I need a monster tail
Can u do the frays for days on the rainbow loom
What do use to edit ur videos
Under 301 club XD
Yes finally rainbow loom
I can't get a monstertail until my birthday (10 days from now) so can you make it on the rainbowloom
An u also do it with the rainbowloom
Thank you so much for showing me how to make this bracelet I will send you a photo on Instagram of my bracelet.😝
Cute bracelet! Reminds me of the Truffula Twist by Olivia'sLoomsandCrafts
No offence but subscribing and liking a videois not important
Do u think u can make with rainbow looms
Can you do this in the rainbow loom
Can you do a review on the monster tail
I dislike cuz I don't have a Monster Tail. I know a lot of people are gonna say buy one but truly 16 for only 7 inch plastic piece with pegs!
Can you try to make this on rainbowloom please crafty girl
You are amazing
Can you do it on rainbow loom?
Socratic my loom broke is in the trash can
Can u use the normal loom
Under 301 club c: ;D
Wow you creat good and cute bracelets love your vids
Where did  you buy this?
Omg I love you 😍👈💕💕
Love this!
So cute :3 :D
ya
Do you have to use the monster trail
She's means so much to me
I really want to make a dream catcher for my sister that has cancer plzz
Sarah can you show us how to make a dream catcher plzz
Wow I love it. Pretty soon you'll have lots of wonderful original designs like this one ☺️
Under 301 club:3
Too cool! I want a pink on that looks like the striped one. :)
Love this bracelet! Thanks for the tutorial Sarah!
Cute cute
I've this design
My first Monster Tail bracelet design! Woo! I hope you like the "Frays for Days" bracelet & that this tutorial is helpful. :) See you tomorrow for Crafty Friday!!   P.S. If you haven't heard, I am the host of a new DIY series on Seventeen called  #17NailedIt  The first episode was posted on their channel yesterday! You can watch it here : Chevron Wall Art with Sarah #17NailedIt
Go girl
Nice!
Thx
Awesome, how did you start getting in to crafts because they are amazing!
Sarah I sent u a direct message on Instagram please look at it
Awesome
Love this video
3 view I love u keep up the good work
Can you make this on rainbowloom
Nice!
Let's loom it up
It's soooo cute do more
love your creations
Love Sarah
Cool!
Amazing
