Well done ty
Great job! I have been wanting one of these
Thank you PoPo.. I to have been wanting to build one.. now I will with your great step by step instructions 🤠👍
How have the legs held up under the weight of ice and drinks?
One of the nicest one I seen built nicely done
How many pickets did you use
That's nice
Wish you had showed how you did the spigot from start to finish....showing the inside also...other than that a great video
What did you do for the trim of the top of the frame. Where the lid is sitting at
Great Build.  I am going to make 2 of them and put between my hot tub and the wall it will keep drinks cold and give me a place to put the drinks.
Awesome, I am going to do it. I have a huge cooler and don't know where to put it. I'll make legs with wheels. Love it. Thanks
👍 Nice
Really nice job . I'd  have preferred you hid the hinges . Bottle opener and collection box , with router , are a nice addition . Is it heavy - not familiar with the wood used ? Are you going to stain / wax it , or do you live in one of the states that gets perpetual sunshine ? From UK 🇬🇧.
Just finished my 1st one.  4 more to go for Christmas presents. Learned a lot from the video.  Thanks for sharing.
Beautiful job man!! The only thing I would add is a set of swivel wheels and maybe those handles you mentioned!!! Thanks for the video....
Looks great 👍
This is an fantastic build.  It's probably way to late for this one change I would make is to fill the lid with spray foam.  Since you did cover the top I would have drilled through the top of the lid and let the foam fill that void too.  Either way very impressive.
Nice job 👍
Nice work
How did you attach the cooler lid to the wooded lid. Nice job
What length brads did you use? Finish? Galvanized?
clean great job
O my Gosh !!! That’s beautiful (as well as useful) you sure that’s your first one ? I’m sharing this with my Son (& friends” Thanks for sharing!!✌️
3:08 there are so many uses for under the table wiping. Glue, paint, boogers, more boogers…..
I've been wanting instant to build something similar, so this is inspiring/helpful.
Very cool!!
Great job!!!
That looks great!
Looks great!
Could have done some nice joinery with dado blade stack
My dad told me he always puts at least one blemish into all projects he builds!  Wanting to one up pops, I usually have 2 :)  Just started on one for my son using the same materials.   I enjoy the build as much as if not more than the outcome.  Thanks for sharing
Great job thanks
Great build, better then just a cooler sitting there.
I jist got me a table saw today and all I got laying around are a bunch of leftover fence boards, now I know what my first project will be thanks for the vid sir really helpful indeed.
Good looking project. If you would add wheels which ones would you use? I would want mine to be mobile.
Great build! How do you fasten the top cooler lid to the wood do you use screws?
Thanks for your video pretty easy and well explained 👍
Awesome build!
Thanks for the video very clean job👍
How much do you spend on material? I will start making some maybe for sale
Do it yourself, visit the Stodoys website and find out how.
I did it myself thanks to Woodglut.
Awesome, thank you for sharing, great video.
This time I will use woodprix plans for this.
Master of Wood Butcherery
It came out great! Looks very nice. Ive been wanting to build something like this. Are the legs strong enough when its filled?
So you used no 2x4's?
I'd go pocket screws over screwing into endgrain. Endgrain connections do not hold as well and will eventually fail as the board end splits.   Also most ppl do not have access to a planer so might wanna add another method that doesn't require planing, maybe splitting with a table saw
Thank you for not editing out your mistake on the end trim. It's nice to see that you dont have to be a mathematician or engineer to make something nice and of great quality.
One of the legs is glued and fastened on the wrong edge.
I'm sure you can find awesome woodworking plans on woodprix
Looks like a nice simple project.. all the other ones I've seen is to complicated with hardly any instruction.. Well done.
Nice project ol' boy. That cedar will last for years outdoors.
how many planks did you use to make this?
Awesome video. I've built a few of these. I like a few thi gs you did different though. All I'd add is that I left the original drain spout and found some tubing or hose that fit over snug and hose clamped it. Then found a tubing to NPT adapter to fit to my brass spout. Just did that sonit would still drain nice.
Great job.  Thanks for keeping it simple. Great to see your not afraid to admit to mistakes.  I’ve had my share as well.  Have a good day and good luck on future projects.
You should show an updated video to see how it’s held up for the last 3 years. Great work 👍
Great video! I’m ready to make one of my own. Approximately how many 8’ planks/board of cedars are needed?
You can use Woodprix Instructions to build it in the cheapest way.
Hi thanks for the video very impressive word! What is the total height of the cooler stand?
Came across your video as I'm building one of these myself and I made the exact same mistake you did... great video.
Best video on a cedar cooler I've seen. Starting on making one for my brother for Christmas now. Thanks for making a video that's easy to understand and with narration.
How did it hold up when full of ice and beers?
Nice job!!Do you know how many cedar boards it took to make this??
One of the best videos I've watched on making a cooler chest.
Great video, thanks for sharing! 👍👍  Subscribed!
3 more red coolers in background
Cheers!
Thank you Popo for the outstanding video. Made it easy to follow along with also. Your cooler stand looks great also.
Have to make one of these for our camp nice job
Looks great! Pocket hole screws would work on parts of the frame also.
That thing is slicker than a toad fart! It looks really good.
looks nice, but if you measure the slats ahead of time you can simply cut them in the size that would fit inside evenly without having to make thin slats and it will all be the same.....also wheels would be good for it it you used 2x4 so that on the bottom of the feet it has enough to attach wheels to them....looks nice tho.
it looks great but i would put wheels on it to make easy to move around
Hey POPO, you have shared a very easy step by step on how to build them Thanks!! I have made about 10 70 qrts already in the past year but now that I have a special order for a 150 qrt one; you think the picket fence will hold that much weight or what would you recommend?
Turned out real nice!! Thanks for sharing
Do you have plans for it?
U got it friend
Good job! I like it. Quick,simple, n best of all cheap lol! Pocket holes will help hide screws n stronger joints as well.
Awesome. I like your build the best of all I have looked at.  I’m definitely gonna build the way you did. Thanks for the video.
Awesome work!!
Hey Popo!! My poor husband is in trouble since I found your channel...LOL...thanks for the great ideas
Comoes q la tapa sedetiene seq
This time I will use woodprix instructions to make it myself :)
Love our cooler thanks to Popo's Woodworks!!
you had me when u planed the brds..
I too enjoyed ur common sense approach to an awesome looking project. I ve watched 3 different styles on you tube now, and Im going to build ur version.
not too shabby for your first go-round.  anything special to seal around the drain?
Great job and design, I love your style, and knowing  "That there are no mistakes in woodworking, only opportunities to reevaluate the design. Your shop looks like mine...thanks again
SWEET!!!!
Nice!
this is pretty Kool, Ill make sue I make one or two, thanks for sharing
Sweet
nice job!  im so doing this for our deck!
that's nice
perfect, thats exactly what i needed to see
Im using Woodprix instructions to make it and I do it already :)
That's a good looking project. I might try that myself with an old cooler.
oh my goodness i love this...you are awesome glad im a new sub..cant wait to see the next project...thanks for sharing love
