I started dehydrating my tomato skins and blitzing them into powder for soups, stews etc, it’s yummy and there’s no waste, but then I don’t have animals to give them to! Great to see these life skills being passed down to your daughter 😀
I dont skin the but rather clean them well, core and remove bad spots, blen or food process them and can the puree.  MOST of my tomates become saice, ketchup salsa, etc.  its a lot less work snd i havent found s downside.  Sny comments welcome!
Why not use tomato skins to make paste or powder? 🤔
I’ve never added lemon juice or citric acid to my tomatoes- in the 40 years that I’ve been canning! Lucky? Maybe…. I don’t do the air bubble thing either. 🤷‍♀️ I’ll just continue on but good for you for teaching proper canning methods. I wasn’t taught correctly I guess
Good job, experience is the best when teaching.
About the beets I add s spice to mine mix addd beets boil till tender heat jars to 200 degrees in oven fill and seal warm lids and seal don’t half to pressure them
This is not about tomato but I saw you canning pickle beets you had a hard time slipping the pealing it was because you did not get them hot enough you should not half to scrape them you should just sweey them and they should swart out of your hand like  a watermelon seed if it don’t there not hot enough
Samantha did that second jar by herself like a pro
Sarah, Hello! Even though this is 4 years old, not only do I thank u for this awesome information, but I seriously commend u for ur patience and instructions on further to help ur daughter to be self sufficient, that is awesome! Thank u
Memories made and good food to.
I love heirloom tomatoes..... pink brandywine, lemon boy and jubilee Tomatoes did well in gainesville. Did see some worms this year I walk the garden with a butane torch no chemicals.
Is Samantha still help can or is she canning her own stuff now
I think she's watched her mama do this a couple times
You are so right I think we have done our children no justice by not teaching them to be self-sufficient
Sure wish I would have learned from my mom and grandma! I was too busy being foolish.
You can pick tomatoes when they start to turn red the plant will do nothing for them. They will turn red on your table.
Appreciate all your canning videos. Hope you find time to do these again sometime. Thanks
I was watching your tomato videos & last year my cuz didn't water or pressure them. She boiled the juice, put it in the jars, then sealed the jars & set them aside to seal. She also doesn't put lemon in it. What are your thoughts on this?
Sarah,  I love watching your tutorials. I also loved your tutorial on making cranberry juice. U R so good at homesteading. It is an inspiration to me. Thanks for sharing.
I dint use hot water I use tomato juice I make before  that way you get a good tasting tomatoes not
Thanks so much for what you do and teaching your children God Bless love your videos.
I wish I had found these videos on tomatoes because my nephew and his wife grew lots of tomatoes and wasted a whole bunch because they didn't know what to do with them.
Good job Sarah
Sarah,  why can’t the skin be left on?  I like it!
What do you use on tomatoes to avoid disease?! I had whole branches dry up with something!
Great Home School Subject!
cant wait to do this with my granddaughters like i did with my mother great memories
Very helpful and informative thank you
Awesome yup when the children want to learn awesome
Thumbs up
No I have a question for you when I can tomato juice for 1 quart are use 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and 1 teaspoon of canning salt no you didn’t mention that did you? I mean you didn’t mention anything about canning salt I could be wrong
Did this today, eight pints! This video is very helpful.
What is the name of the tomatoes that you dice and can?
I do all my canning on my barbecue. It works great . My house stays cool . And they electric bill is a lot lower . Love watching your videos. Love your family . Take care and God bless . I’m from Linden Manitoba .
Just saying I've been bottling tomatoes for years...never used lemon juice...just cook up the tomatoes with your sugar and vinegar with min 4%acidity...even 8%Is better..just my opinion hun..have fun.😊
Samantha-funny shirt!
Love  watching your videos !! I just  taught my oldest niece how to can tomatoes  last  week 🍅.
Sarah, about twenty yrs back my tomatoes were ripening sporadically, some days six some eight some only a few. I decided to place them in plastic bags and freeze them in a very large older freezer  and continued to do so until it was filled. I harvested the balance as it was getting near first frost and made chili sauce, here in Canada it is like salsa. After that whenever I had a chance I would fill my sink with hot water, dump inas many frozen tomatoes as I needed to make whatever. All I had to do was take the tomatoes from the sink, hold them over the pot and using a squeezing motion the tomatoes would pop right out of their skins. I did core them before putting them in the sink. I found the time was cut in half and the flavour was not changed. Sure saves time not having to make small batches and small quantities spoiling. If I find tomatoes getting soft in my fridge into the freezer no waste no mess. Good luck
Have you guys canned any cabbage?
Love this video. Thanks for making everything nice and simple.
I'm hearing breathing and thought my cat sittig next to me was snoring:)
Great Job!
I just canned some tomatoes and left too much headspace in 2 jars about 1 in to 1 1/2 in from top of jar, is this going to be a problem, they all pinged sealed. Thanks love your videos
Could you use a food processor?
Thank you so much for your video! We love tomatoes! I was needing to know how to can diced tomatoes and this video was extremely helpful! I’ll be watching more Homestead videos! God Bless!
sprinkle your tomatoes and cucumbers with baking soda it will take care of worms and bugs
Omgosh love the new intro!!! Love them tomatoes!!!!
Awesome that you are stepping up to learn new skills and take part in the heritage of homesteading, Samantha! May all your canning jars be blessed forever!
Another nice video.
As y'all probably know, tomatoes are fruit not vegetables.
Sharing!
Good job mom!
Does the lemon juice change the flavor of the tomatoes?
Freeze half of them whole and save half the work. A bit of risk if freezer craps out though, so dont freeze more than half. This is the fastest, saves the skin nutrients, keeps well. Use in soup, stews.
Thank you for this tutorial.
Been looking for this video for a while. Lol found it. I can a lot and want to see how she done the dice etc etc.  Do not core score or cut the blemishes and bad spots off first. They soak up a lot of water doing that. Saw how they were bubbling in pot that's soaking water up.  Do all that after and you want need to score because it slides off.   Lot less water headache to deal with or you will have watery tomatoes.. If you heat/cook tomatoes you don't need to water bath them. Go straight in jars and put the lids on.  Been doing it that way for years. Plus you want have to add water you'll have plenty of juice.
I like watching your canning videos. I don't have a big garden since I live in a city apartment, but I need to start pickling my own foods and making my own sauces because I have IBS(irritable bowel syndrome) which is triggered whenever I eat garlic or onions. They come in almost every store bought sauce and pickled product, so it's been beneficial for me to learn from you.
How  much water on top when canning tomatoes? Where do u store them
Another way to speed it up is to pressure can at 5 lbs for 10 minutes, pints or quarts.
Also you can buy powdered ascorbic acid or citric acid that will acidify your product without the flavor of the lemon juice.
It’s lot less messy and less time consuming if you don’t core or x the tomatoes before blanching. Also no need to ice after. I dip in boiling water for 15 to 30 seconds, pull out with a large spider onto a large tray to cool while I continue with the rest. They cool fast and I start by coring the tomatos and the skins just slip off .any tomatoes that have bad spots I blanch last so I don’t have to deal with the yucky water through the whole process.
Do you still have problems with pests inside the greenhouse?
The most important vegetable is a fruit that identifies as a vegetable. That's so progressive!
I love your videos! Thank you for sharing your homestead with us. I am so happy your daughter wanted to help you and learn about canning. I have been teaching myself. My mom never learned from my grandma. Both my grandmother and my great aunt were elderly and not in the best of health by the time I was old enough and interested in learning how to can.
Can you tell me if I can can with an electric stove? It has really kept me from trying to can anything for the first time.
Whow!  You sure do things different than Mom, and Grandma.  Hot water and lemon juice were never used at that time.
Thanks!
With water bathing tomatoes, how long is the shelf life please? I know this is 2yrs old but, im just new at all of this. Much appreciated, ty
Just a little tip, I never add water, I use my hands to squash the tomatoes down in the jars ,this makes juice. Saves a little Time.
Glad this video popped up. This is my first year canning. I’ve previously just dehydrated and dry canned. But this year dived into pressure and water bath canning. I done most of what I wanted (I keep telling myself 😏) But, I want to do tomatoes and green beans yet. Sadly, I’m not on my own Homestead yet, so I have to rely on grocery stores. Planning to do tomatoes this weekend. This will help. On a side note. I did make your Asian cabbages rolls (subbed romaine because I needed to use it up) and your soy-less sauce with my homemade beef broth I canned a couple of weeks ago. Trying to do Keto, so I also swapped the rice for Miracle Rice. Was amazing. Thanks.
Can we just freeze these in freezer bag instead of processing?
Great job Samantha!
When the skin begins to peel away in the boiling water, we call that ‘blistering ‘ around here! Great tutorial!!
When I was a kid, canning with my mom, she put basil in some of the tomatoes, in the jars....
can you explain why you didn't add any salt... is it because you used the lemon juice? thanks
Thank you for this series. I can’t wait to try canning. This is something I’ve always wanted to do but didn’t feel comfortable with it.
Wonderful that your daughter came to help.
Thanks for the tutorial! It's precious that your daughter wants to learn to can. It's a lost trait that our children would benefit from learning. Thanks again.
Thank you for this video. I was wondering how to plan the size of my future garden and you made the raw canning so understandable and simple. I'm not a homesteader yet but researching and learning while I wait and look for a place for me and my dog. =)  thanks for sharing all you do.
great job Samantha sure hope you had fun.....
We need tomato paste to make ketchup, for ease. I use tomato powder, from blended dehydrated tomatoes, and hot water to make tomato paste. It's about a 1 to 1 ratio.
Nice video, I enjoyed very much canning for the first time last year at our home. We love the green beans and tomatoes preserved that way. Uses no energy to keep them stored and ready for use.   Rob S. (Rockford MI)
Your canning brings back alot of good memories for me. Thank you.
Always great when our kids decide they want to learn our skills, I also found that to force it is not very successful
We used to do it this way. We've switched to coring, cutting in half, and putting on a cookie sheet under the broiler for 5 minutes. It saves so much time.
I was surprised to see you didn't add salt. Is that because you will add it later when using the canned fruit? Can't think of a better feeling that seeing a shelf full of food that we preserved ourselves from our own garden - nothing like it.
Love your tan and the information
Thank you Sarah. I recently found you and your videos. I can’t say thank you enough. Your videos are very informative and beautiful too. I enjoy the intros. I’ve been wanting to start canning this season. I’ve purchased the canner but other videos seemed to so involved and too quick flowing. Your videos make it seem so easy to understand. Thanks again! I see canned tomatoes and green beans in our future.
What kind of tomatoes are those on your table ??that's the kind I love to can so pretty no splits  or holes that's the kind I want to buy about 6 plants of them and 2sweet tiny toes too
That's nice that your teaching her 👏🌹
I know you make jam. Have you ever made tomatoe preserves.  Not something I would eat with peanut butter but on toast it is amazing.  Also good with ham.
Love your channel. Being 😆 tell Kevin to get rid of that nose bugger.   😜 every time he breathes you can hear him. I’m glad you are making as many videos a week like you do.  You are my new something to watch. We don’t have cable
Is that your husband's breathing I can hear on the video?...lol
Your videos are very well done!  Thanks for sharing your homestead knowledge with us!  I love canning, and can’t wait to start up again this summer!  How fun to be able to teach your daughter how to can! You both seem like great parents!  Good job mom and dad!!!
👍🏻 Samantha!
I don't know if you have a dollar tree near you but I get lemon juice there for a dollar which is less than half price of the grocery store.
What tomatoes have you found to be best for canning?
I loved watching your video :) tell kevin to quit mouth breathing, lmaoooooo, we can hear him, lmaoooo hugs from Cajun Country!! oxoxoxo
GREAT SARAH TO TEACH KIDS HOW TO CANN FOODS. in the future kids need to know this. PLEASE WATCH DANNY KINGS HOMESTEAD ALSO A GOOD HOMESTEADER AND HE HAS ALLOT OF GOOD ADVICE FOR THE FUTURE AND HOW WE NEED TO BE PREPARED FOR HARD TIMES AHEAD. THANKS STAN
Sarah dehydrate your tomato skins for tomato powder. It works great and makes tomato paste really easy.
Your videos are informative. I have learned several things from your channel. One suggestion. You say uhhh and ummm an awful lot 🤔.
I like your videos Very educationAL  Thank you So nice to see the kids learning
Ive been watching your channel for a while now and this is my first time commenting😊 I love you guys so much and I could watch your videos all day, & sometimes I do😂 anyway I have a question about canning/jarring, do you keep buying new jars once you use one you've made? Or is there a sterilizing process you do and re-use the jars? Im really getting into this homesteading/self sufficient stuff❤ thanks for all you teach us🙌🙏 sending you guys lots of love💓✨
Great videos!  I ran across another channel and they had a use for the tomato skins.  I don’t remember the exact channel, but I believe the woman’s name was Diane and she dehydrated the skins and then ground them into tomato powder.  I had never heard of that before.  Anyhow, I thought I’d pass her idea along.
I can diced tomatoes every year. I pulse 6-8times in food processor. I hot pack by putting my chopped tomatoes in my giant 18 quart Roaster oven. Heat until hot. When roaster is full, I start canning. I don't add any water, just use the juice from the tomatoes. I find hot-packing leaves less air in jars, I have more success with seals in storage.
If I could pick one of the happiest memories of my life it would be Christmas season 2017 when two of my granddaughters and I made homemade bread bowls for a 10 people chili supper.  These little ones (10 & 12 years old) had never made bread, and we did it from scratch.... Everything was delicious and the memory  was priceless!  Samantha did a super job...you got this Samantha!!
Im on a roll today learning from yalls vbog
I believe your runner up to tomatoes would be peppers. I was so amazed by your pepper harvest! so beautiful.
I also have never heard of scoring the tomatoe for peeling. It seems like an extra step. The real reason for my comment though,  is , have you ever considered leaving the skins on and running them through a food processor? It works great for sauce or spaghetti sauce. You don’t really notice the skins , and you get all the nutrition from the skins.
I'm doing a similar thing to you guys, moving from Kirkland WA to 10 acres in Oakland OR. Been watching all your videos. Love em!
Love this! My boyfriend's mom introduced me to canning a couple years ago & I'm so excited to be putting up my own food now. Looking forward to growing our garden & passing on these skills to my kids some day. Thank you so much for the videos & great advice!
Sarah to get my beet skin off I first pressure cook them for approx 20 min then the skin comes away. Then pickle them Apple Cider Vinegar.
Best thing is to get the girls to muck in never to young. :-)
You have motivated me to bring out my water bath canner! I was freezing tomatoes, but need the freezer space for meat this year. The lemon juice is an excellent idea, as I also grow yellow tomatoes. Please share with your girls that teaching me THE OLD WAYS was THE best gift my Grandma Hazel gave me! I live her lifestyle to this day in good health. I enjoy watching your videos, containing tips and new information to help keep me on track :-)
kudos to your daughter for wanting to lear how to cann I was 4 or 5 when I helped my mom cann it was so much fun
Sarah, do you add any salt in each jar?  I make a lot of soup during the winter. It is amazing how much better soup tastes with home grown tomatoes and lemon juice.
You really need to look up info on diatomaceous earth. For garden and farm it is miraculous. I onl get food grade and yes! It is god for your digestive tract but is very chalky tasting. Also look up vinegar and egg sheel to prevent end-rot. When I first encountered end-rot, I thought the black was a mold problem. Also those egg shell for the garden can be used for your teeth health. Youtube that.
Love she wants to learn!
I am so glad I found you!  My mother canned items from our home garden.  I wish now that I had paid more attention.  It was so good to see your daughter wanting to learn.
I LEARNED SOMETHIN, THE MAGNET TRICK IS A GOOD TIP
I've been watching your YouTube Channel for 3 weeks now trying to get caught up.  You are inspirational and have a wonderful family.
Keep the tomato skins, dry them, grind them and they make wonderful flavoring to dishes.
If you've ever canned Bread and Butter pickles, You should try  Bread and Butter green tomatoes. Yummie.
Have you ever thought about tattler lids? They're reusable which could save you money.
If you ever need to you can use your pressure canner as a water bath canner
You guys are doing great. I would not put tomato or potato into the compost due to fears of virus contamination. Hate to bring it up but I use all my soil again and have to be careful about that. BT ( bacillus Thuringiensis) should be sprayed on tomatoes, peppers, squash, and pumpkin. No fear of over doing it or toxicity for any human. No lemon juice?
Loved seeing Samantha wanting to learn to can
we never core our tomatoes before we blanch them. Maybe we will try that next time.
Good morning.  Real quick.  If you can find something other than bT, you will be doing yourself a favor.  That stuff is what they use in GMO - which is exactly the opposite of what you are trying to do out there.  bT is what they put into the plants, which when the bug eats it, their stomach explodes.  Meaning, we are eating that stuff as well.  Gluten allergies, Coeliac disease, and other stomach issues.  Bascillus Thurengiensis.  It works great on bugs - if used properly, but we intake it as well.  Not good for us...  I have been a fan for a while.  Not trying to snipe you guys.  Just handing out a caution for your health.
I use a lot of canned salsa and ran out way too early this year. I did not realize how much I would love the recipe when I first canned it. So I am prepared  this year. The recipe I use is from Starry Hilder also on You Tube.  Her recipe is sooo flavorful and best of all NO PEELING TOMATOES!!  Its fast and much easier than many Ive tried.  I also can an easy (also no peel) Rotel style from Noreens Kitchen on YouTube which I used in spaghetti, rice, chili.....etc. canned tomatoes are the most important pantry item in our house too. Once I discovered the no peel method for these two versatile canning recipes I try to steer clear of peeling.  It takes up way too much time and is messy. The peel doesn’t bother me so I avoid doing it.  For some reason I thought we HAD to peel.  I love your videos, especially the herbs.  Would love more on apothecary, tinctures, teas and salves.  I wish I had learned more about gardening benefit earlier in my youth but its never too late! 😉
I am thrilled to see your daughter learning to can tomatoes, wish I had a granddaughter to pass on these skills.  I so love canning my fresh fruits and veggies from my large backyard garden,  in the winter when I am preparing dinner it feels so rewarding to pull a jar off of the shelf of something I grew and canned.  Being a traditionalist is hopefully making a comeback!
A 6” filet knife makes coring a breeze.
Can u can without removing the tomatoes skin
We also use a lot of tomatoes.  I hope to can some this year.  We love canned sauce, juice and even canned ton atoms.  I never put an "x" on the bottom.  Nice idea.  The pigs will get the peelings.  I love to make juice because I do not have to peel the tomatoes.  We use citric acid at times.  We have tried hot pack and cold pack.  Either is fine.  When we hot pack, we use the excess tomato broth for soup.  I sure miss canning.  God bless America, couple like you and Kevin make America great.
Do you heat up rings too?
Just awesome!
I have a question, how do you know that it is ready.  How tight do you put the lids.  I tried one tiime to can and some of the jars of food went bad.  Just don't know about what you do after the cans come out do you tighten the lids then or before.
Ketchup and green tomato mincemeat were some of the first things I ever canned. Love both! The mincemeat recipe came from Baker Creek and wonderful for a fall pie or tarts.
Great video of mother daughter working together.  Love your channel.
Sarah, we canned almost  400 lbs last year, and instead of skinning them, we cleaned and cored them then put them in a pot, cook them down to a mush, blended them and ran them through a screen. The flavor in the skin is maintained, we think, and the flavor of our chili base, sauce and other tomato sauces are really good! Thanks for your videos, btw!
Try Rio grande tomato for canning
Why do you have to take the skins off the tomato?
That’s awesome that Samantha wanted to learn 👍🏼
You can dehydrate the skins and then crush them and keep for adding to sauces...
Great job Samantha!!
Hi. New subbie. Binging through your vids and thought of something, so apologies if you've discussed this in a more recent video. You mentioned how you guys eat a lot of salsa. Do you ever cook up a bunch of salsa and can that, or do you just can the raw tomatoes? It seems like it would save some steps to just make and can salsa for the year :) Love your guys' videos :))
Lectin rich and full of it!
Tomato worms and other flying bug larvae are why your Amish neighbors keep purple martin houses.  They live entirely on flying bugs, much like bats.  Look 'em up.
What about adding lemon juice?
Thanks for your video.
Beautiful jars of tomatoes!
Whole paste type tomatoes can be froze & dunked in boiling water.  Cut the end off then squeeze skins off.  Bev Volfie also does it that way.
Okay wow jusy found this vid...  I have dutch glass canning jars rubber rings and glass lids. Form 50 years ago with a zinc canning pot with lid and ternometer. I bought thise a looong time ago amd use the jars for storage pots for rice beans sugar nuts raisins. Etc. Never canned anyting because i live in a small town in a small house and have a small garden. And never seriously grown food for consumption other then my strawberries. And im preparing fir beginner veggies and just planted garlic and im trying to figure out what i can grow with small space high yeald amd what i can do to preserve it. I grew cherry tomatoes this summer but started to late so most didnt ripen and the harvest was small nice but small. I made a compost bin so i can be more selfsuatainable and even gathered 2 bags of leaves that where ready for pick up by the city to stuck up on my browns for my compost. Im enthusiastic but have absolutely no idea what other then garlic unions and tomatoes and bucket potatoes lettuce and carots i can and should grow as a biginner. I like to grow things so i wont have to buy them but i dont have the spave to harvest enough from 1 season to last a year can you advise me what you would do with just a little space i have about  3 square meter. And live in the netherlands.so thats a zone 8 without the warm weather in sunmer lol.
I hope you saved seeds from your heirloom tomatoes! Great video, thanks, sweet girl, helping her mama!
Those were some of the most beautiful tomatoes are seeing grown on Homestead. Usually they're all scarred up and veined but yours looked beautiful
Great video!  One question, Why do your tomatoes appear to have no seeds?   I was canning mine while playing this video, and I had seeds and juice flying everywhere.
I don't understand why skins need to be removed, why is this step necessary, is it aesthetics or actually necessary? Thank you
Good stuff! We will be doing the same soon
I NEVER core or score.  I use boiling water and submerge them until the skin "pops" which is no time at all and then I skin core and chunk.  I also hot pack versus cold pack in sterilized jars, lids and rings.  I can about 200 quarts a year and have been doing this for 45 years with great success.  I always wonder why people make canning so difficult.
Hello folks !! New subscriber here, Dan from home in the sticks sent me over to check you out !! Love canning videos !! Fantastic update !!
Great video and your daughter is so pretty.  Very important to teach our children these skills.  Thanks!
Found your site from a shout out from Home In The Sticks. We just got a huge tote full of tomatos 🍅 from my wife's parents so I thought I'd check out this tomato video.
Hi there love the children d  wanting to learn how to can. Question? The water that seperates from the tomatoes does it mix back after it cools?
Right on sister...Now if we can just find a tomato plant that is bug and blight resistant!  Good work you guys that was a lot of matters!
Love all your videos.
Excellent and informative video, like always keep up the good work👍
Great video on canning tomatoes. My tomatoes are starting to ripe to so soon I will also can some.
Those tomatoes are really making me hungry! lol. So good to see Samantha learning all these things.
so awesome to see your daughter wanting to learn.  I still long for that day.  I offer to show anyone who wants to learn or for them to learn hands on.  But so far all I get is those wanting to eat it....lol Keep up the good work.
Great to see the young ones learning and participating.  In my opinion, one of the most important responsibilities on the homestead.  Teachin' the youngins!
