Kendall finished this model even before the live stream, making it her first model ever! She did have some help from me (Owen) but most importantly she paid attention to detail, was patient and took her time. I'd like to know what people thought of the editing of this video. It's more choppy, but only sped up 8x maximum. Is it clearer and easier to watch? Should I edit more videos in this way?
For reference only......in case you build another.  On the main canopy section (the bit that slides open) the bar that runs front to back in the centre is BLACK in colour and that bar is to be found INSIDE the canopy. It isnt a part of tge canopy framing.
Priming the model would help and a slightly bigger brush would cover bigger area
Wow this is an amazing job!
I understand companies' inclination to putting out "Starter Sets!" with "Everything you need to build this model!" but to suggest that even a skilled modeller could brush-paint a flawless gloss red finish is ridiculous! I like the idea of labelling kits with skill levels, and one could easily include a sheet of "tips and products you can use to built this kit well." They've been putting out beginners' kits with lousy glue and paint since I was a kid, and I doubt anyone who used the "enclosed materials" was ever encouraged to build more.   Still, credit for a game try, Kendall. Looks better than I thought it would!
Nice build, gloss paints are unforgiving as they reflect the light and show up things we'd rather remain hidden.
NICE build!!!!!!
nice work
I wouldn't suggest soaking them in decal fix as I've had issues with the decals becoming too soft and braking because of it. I would suggest soaking in water, applying decal fix to the area the decal needs to go, putting on the decal, dabbing off the excess water and then putting a little decal fix on top of the decal.
thumbs up
Very noice
Nice build. 👍👍🇨🇦
Good to get some tips before building, order this off Amazon for £10, looks great. Nice to see a girl having a girl!
Gorgeous! The model is not bad either :)  Good video.  PS.  Buy an airbrush and bin Humbrol
It looked liked such a good model so I got one too and I am 10 years old
My first model was a 1/48th scale hawker hurricane mk2b trop
Well done Kendall!
i like how to plane looks glossy noice
You could paint the whole thing gloss red if you invest in an air brush
Kendall are you an aeromodeller ??
C'mon! what is not to like here? You hardly see a lady in this hobby and youre guys giving her a negative review? It clearly shows youre guys are JEALOUS....! She excecuted an excellent model and Owen is a great teacher at this hobby.
Who is that third hand? btw....excellent job!....
Hi , I recently built this kit and all was well until I used a humbrol clear gloss aerosol then my paint " fogged " up.  I used all humbrol products , do you know the reason for this please
Owen is it ok to thin the first coat?
Who the blyat are u  Where is Owen????
Sorry no offensive you’re a great modeler but I want Owen
i am getting f84 vibes
What have you done with pilots?
There has to be something like musik althoe its boring
Nice build.  Always use the widest brush that's practical.
I would have to say the brush strokes look good on this model
Bloody well done for a first timer...
why wouldnt u use the figures if the plane was in flite or is it just a gost plane or somthing
When I first came across your channel it is what really got me into modeling.
Quick question why weren’t you there Owen? I am not saying that it was bad though I just thought I would ask.
Good build of a good kit. A superb build for a first kit. A couple of errors, one of Airfix's making (I told them about it when I saw the pre-pro at Telford. The centre bracing on the canopy is on the inside and should be black (they also missed the perspex fairing behind the rear of the canopy frame). Aftermarket guys please take note.  The other a small one but RAF fin flashes always have the red at the front.  Not nit picking your model, it lokks superb. Just constructive advice.  Oh and incidentally,  I have many hundreds of hours working on jet provs and I hope my Airfix ones look as good as yours when done. Nice one Kendall.
Good job, girl! Congratulations.
For more information, for more information. Nah for more information don't watch this video
Airfix? Perfect fit? What sorcery is this?
Where can i get all the Humbrol Acylic paints?
Wow, this is what i needed. I mean... i havent bought the kit or the proper materials or tools, but, nevertheless very nice.
Kendell nice Im glad Im came across this channel makes me want to begin model building and Owen does a good job too. :)
Without washes... Without airbrush... I don't know but on modelar competition you couldn't win... 😑
Instead of using a gloss coat and micro set you should use the Tamiya Mark Fit, with this you don’t need to use a gloss coat to prevent silvering
Great build Kendall anothet kit to my list
It says airfix didn’t tell you what to say but it looks like Owen has lol!
Really nice video with nice clear instructions and build comments. Its a shame about the brush marks being visable but equally great that you learnt from it and made a suggestion on how to improve, which at the end of the day, is what this hobby is all about.
The flags are the wrong way round on the tail.😯 Blue to the back.😬
your cockpit was much better than mine. I was happy with the results when I built this - but that humbrol 19 included in the set was just terrible :/
What a refreshing change, too often do I go onto these model build vids only to have some over weight bore who loves the sound of his own voice drivel on for hours, and possibly numerous parts!
good job......so nice to see a lady building and painting....it's a shame as ladies are to my experience very good with a brush....owen..!!!    you found a good and rare lady there....look after her..lol....good luck to you both....
must say the third hand in and out of the shot was a bit freaky, like a glitch in the matrix
Brill vid.
Hey, buy airbrush because the surface is really terrible
Kendall - we've just noticed that the tail fin flashes decals are on the wrong way round - like it's a french JP.
Hello Kendall, what a nice build and video you have made of the Airfix Jet Provost. I have linked it to our RC modelling site called  http://www.modelflying.co.uk/forums/postings.asp?th=91238     and put a link into it's reference pages on the mass build we did in 2014. Links here:  http://www.modelflying.co.uk/forums/postings.asp?th=91259&p=1#PostTop      - and - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEj3j-Rqxh0                                                                               - and - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QJbHWcZD8E&t=8s  Kind regards  Mark Kettle.
Owen, did you have a sex change?
Hi Kendall..Nice video and you have made a good job of the Provost. Just like to point out that the fin decal stripes are the wrong way round. The red stripe always faces forward on RAF aircraft....just a tip for your  future builds.
Great video, congrats Kendall you did good job. I admire how you paint with brush. The canopy fit was ok?
Owen, its nice to see a young lady step up and give it a go, I thought she did a fine job, nice job Kendall.
Have you seen this: https://youtu.be/rkWzDOnDrDs  Someone appears to have copied your video?!?
Did you paint the control panel, I don't have any grey paint?
Nice build, only one minor issue, R.A.F. fin markings always have the red to front, the French put the blue to the front.
One technique that I have found very useful for painting gloss finish paints with a brush is scrub the painted area gently with a very soft fan brush after every coat, before it dries completely. Soft makeup brushes also work vey well.
Very good, unfortunately I'm not so good and I need to build one for an ATC competition. Well done.
So nice to see a female model builder. Looking forward to seeing more.
It's nice to see a lady building model kits
Was she using a different mic for this video? I can hear the quality difference, but anyway nice vid!
Great to see new people on this channel, Owen. I'm really happy to see that you have friends who likes making model kits. I wish i have friends that likes making models as much as i do. Great job on the kit Kendall, I hope to see you making more soon
Outstanding for a first build!  And it builds into a really nice little model.  Well done Kendall!
Congratulations to kendal for an outstanding first attempt at a scale model, also I think she did superbly for her first time in your YouTube channel well done Kendal, (if your reading this) and I hope to see you in more videos in the future!   PS. I like Owens idea for her next kit, the 1:24 typhoon 👌🏻😂
I have to say Kendall you really presented this vid well and did a good job on the build. Well done.  I have a similar kit to build so the nose weight errrr weight that you used was useful.
Great job for a first effort!   Red, yellow, and white are the hardest colors to hand brush, especially the glosses, but your work looks terrific!
someone that isn't owen!??!! what is this sorcery! jk. its nice to see other people getting into the hobby. P.S. i would of prayed that model instead of brush painting it, mainly because it leave a more flat finish.
Way to go Kendall. Congratulations for your first model airplane. It's very beautiful. Keep it up.
What an awesome first video for Kendall. I quite like the consistency of terms and process and it makes sense to stay with the same workflow and video structure within Quick Kits. You have very similar relaxing tones to your voices which is something I think makes you different from other modellers doing videos. Keep up the good work and hopefully we will see you both again soon.
Owen, on your focke wulf build did you you use any varnishes? If so, what kind?
bruuh I need glasses owen turned into some weird ugly monster girl thingy
que bonito te quedo kendall
It's a good build for a first timer.  With your help and if she continues in the hobby she will improve.  Great job Kendall! That said, my only complaint was it was too much like your builds, Owen.  What I mean is, let her explain with her own words.  It was obvious that you scripted her explanation throughout the build.  I watched your Lightning build and your explanation matched Kendall's almost verbatim.  Individuality in building and explaining makes it truly her own project.  Hope to see more builds from Kendall.  The video format was pleasant to watch, I enjoyed it.
4:19 YOU have 3 hands? This is awesome!
well done guys !! team ?
Wow thats impressive for her first one!
Audio problems?
I think she did a great job.  But she had  an an expert teacher.
New host to join Owen or replace? I very rarely add the pilots as they just hide all the detail of the cockpit. Like you said nice model for a starter kit and I agree with your observations with the painting. Overall nice model.
Good job Kendall! It really looks nice.
when I first saw Kendall I thought I accidently opened another model kit channel.  BTW if you stop the video at 1:20 you can see Owen :D
I didn't know u were transgender
Kendall did a great job, both with the video and the model ^^
you look kind of different, did you get a new haircut?
Is no one going to mention her third arm?   Nice video though.
great work!
Well maybe airfix didn't tell her what to say, but it sounds like Owen did, lol.
It looks like a toy, I'm not a hundred percent sure if that aircraft was red
Hopefully this will encourage more young women to take up building model aeroplanes - and eventually full sized ones. Great Video.
Holy smokes that looks like a CT-114. Great video
Um um um new host? Um i must've missed a video or something
A good looking model for someone's first, definitely better looking than mine! Are there any larger scale models (1/48 etc.) on their way?
Blimey Owen, you look much different with glasses on and by the way I think you are overdue a haircut!  LOL   Just Kidding Kendall (and Owen) this was a great video and the editing was perfect as was the voice-over. Well done to you both and congratulations to Kendall on her first model build. Have fun both of you guys, Joe
Hey Owen! You are changed :DDDD
To think this just comes out as I went into a provost cockpit at the RAF museum
who's man's is this???
Owen are you feeling ok? You look a bit different
Have you tried doing a spitfire in German colours, and a 109 in RAF colours?
Owen has grown boobs, got glasses and grown long hair!! Good review mate nice to see someone else (Kendall) do reviews on your channel to. Gives another dimension to the channel
Owen did you cut your hair? You seem different...
I wouldn't worry too much about the smoothness of the Time lapse as the narration took care of the descriptions of what was happening. The modeler is talented and has some natural skill which over time will only get better. If your looking for a kit, try the Airfix Fairey Rotodyne in 1/72 if you haven't got one I have one for you to build.
In all seriousness tho, Kendall is scary similar to you...
Hmm...seems owens had a haircut...
Man wish I could get my wife into model making 🙄. Great job on your first kit, Kendall,  welcome to the hobby!
Nice kit, done well! Good job. Also editor you can just say this is not a paid promotion
Wait wait wait, Girls do model kits too?!
I hope kendall will continue to build kits and have fun with this great hobby. Nice Job on the Video and for a first model she did a really exceptional job and it looked good.
Great to see new faces on your channel (not that we're tired of yours yet Owen), for her first it looked quite spiffy! Cheers :)
OWEN!! you look.... prettier!!! 😂😂😂😂😂 nice going Kendal!
670th View!  Just finished my P40 and Zero 1:72 builds lol
When I first clicked on this video, I thought an usurper broke into Owen's house or something.
Where is Owen at I wanted to hear him.
I found it funny how she uses the exact same words you use in your other videos.
very good first effort
Upvoting for female modeller :)
Awesome video Kendall! For a first timer this was fantastic! I can imagine Owen helped you out haha! Keep it up!
Awesome, i thought it was just Owen who made videos, but this was definitely a useful and great video. Thanks guys!
Hi Kendall & Owen.  Congratulations on building your first kit Kendall, you did a fab job 😎👍    like all things hobby .. we all learn alot from or by our first models.  I Look forward to seeing more videos from you.. any ideas for what your second model you would like to build is going to be?.    Great job guys.. Happy Modelling 🙂👍
that moment when you're like is that a mark on my screen or just paint on the place mat?
New voice who dis?
Fantastic effort, one of the best first models I've ever seen! One thing I would note is that the red side of the tail flashes on RAF aircraft always points towards the nose of the aircraft like this: http://cdn.airplane-pictures.net/images/uploaded-images/2011/1/20/118205.jpg  It's far from being a major mistake, but worth bearing in mind if you're going to make any more in future.
My first model looked soooo bad..... But that looked AMAZING!!!!!!
Aaaah!  Wish you'd used the pilot figures!!!!  Get rid of brush strokes by diluting paint with Windex(glass cleaner).  This self levels the paint on the surface.  Overall you did a pretty good job on the model.  Keep having fun. Bill
Kind of look like a strikemaster
Good video, nice and concise.  Solid narration and well paced.
And this is why I prefer using an airbrush. I can never get as smooth a finish out of a brush as I can with the airbrush on anything but tiny details.
awesome building ❤️
Wow! Not too bad ;)
A well built kit and a great video, good work Kendall/Owen.
The tippex is the best putty ever ^^
Oh, owen got new glasses
It's a shame about the gloss coat because everything else on the model looked well done, but I'd recommend doing a spitfire or another plane without a gloss coat, and preferably a matte coat, because their much easier to paint. Also planes with a silvery/chrome paint can be difficult too. But overall it's really good for a beginner.
Great model
Hello
Am I drunk or Owen become a girl?...  Yeah I'm probably just drunk
I Think u should. But Owen could you try and build a airfix 1/600 battleship?
Quick Kits employee of the year?
It's very good for being her first model
WHO???????
Kendall finished this model even before the live stream, making it her first model ever! She did have some help from me (Owen) but most importantly she paid attention to detail, was patient and took her time. I'd like to know what people thought of the editing of this video. It's more choppy, but only sped up 8x maximum. Is it clearer and easier to watch? Should I edit more videos in this way?
