Great video thanks. The stapler is a genius tip.  FYI, in finder if you open a video in preview or quick player, you can use command R or command L to rotate the video. It then saves it as a rotated video. I do this all the time when I'm taking video of sites. Filmed sideways, upside down etc.
How do you drain water away from shed gutters?
We built  wood gussetted tusses just like that in 1978 in a shop class on a jig we setup
Remember boys and girls, not all municipalities are going to let you build your own trusses without an engineer's stamped drawing.
To anyone reading this now (old post) yes you should use 3/4" plywood, not OSB, as it is much stronger.  You need a decent girth because a wooden plate is MUCH weaker than those small flimsy looking metal plates they bang in on both sides, but they are steel, much stronger than wood in sheer strength.  Also, don't be afraid to use too many nails - the sheer gets transferred into the nails.  The metal plates have dozens of connections to spread the load.  You can't put more than 2 side by side in a 2x4 though, but you can randomly add them up and down, and the larger the gusset (plate) the better nailing surfact you have.  True the glue helps, but that is just surface grabbing, the nails join the members and make the joint much stronger.  I accidentally broke a truss once and had to mend it with a plywood plate.  It was likely stronger than the other trusses after that, had no issues passing inspection.
I would have just made a ceiling joists, rafters and ridge in place of a truss for an addition that small.....same concept always leery of pre building parts to an existing structure.....if you forgot or overlooked any detail those things are trash where building it in place is bit more accurate and easier as your doing them in pieces.....the trusses will also have to be loaded onto the walls.....for new construction 100% a truss is easier and faster  but yeah good point on your time isnt free so labor has to be factored in......small job like that rafters and CJ imo
Great video very informative, instructional and much appreciated. @9:44 did you have to glue the splice reinforcement before you nailed it down?
great job !!! i never seen a flint lock nail gun in action 😂
TBH I'm surprised premade trusses would only be $75, at that price it almost does seem worth it to just get them made, but you also have to wait longer.  Those are probably actually built better than the "engineered" ones are.  I have my doubts about those metal connectors they use, I don't imagine it's better than plywood that's glued and nailed.
I built 15, 7:12 X 16' roof trusses this summer for a 16' X 28' canvas wall tent behind our island fishing shack in Minnesota. I built Howe trusses quite similar to yours. It was an interesting project and I was happy with them. Considering the time and the blisters I got from hand nailing (& gluing) all the gussets it probably would have been quicker, simpler and more economical to frame the roof with 2x6 rafters & collar ties. I learned something and am still pleased with the result. Thanks for the video !!!
did you use shorter nails after the first one? did you accidentally chip the concrete? sparks
Be honest how fuqed up was your shop floor after the tapcons and the nail gun over penetrating?
Top class tutorial lots of good tid bits in here
Nice job,try doing it with 8x8 beams and steel gussets for 30ft long trusses,then you'll think twice about doing it again
I've built zillions of trusses for my builds.  Don't need to custom cut the plywood.  Rectangles and triangles work fine.  Don'r really need the glue either.  Truss plants (I worked in a truss plant) use steel plates with bent over spears, no glue or other fasterners.  And they are approved vie building codes both national and international.  I flip the inside ones and do the plywood both sides. On the outer one's you want clean flat for sheathing which then replaces the need for the connectors on that side.  I used to build storage structures on the side and always built my trusses on the deck after I laid the decking down, drawing lines with pencil on the floor.  I'd trace the members and transfer the angles onto the wood to be cut.  All turned out the same without the need to use hold down pieces.  I generally screwed the plywood to the 2x's for strength.  When doing the plywood on the underside (when flipped over) I'd use longer screws to penetrate into the plywood opposite.  You can design and build dutch shed designs too with the side wall and the "4" shaped members to form the mansard roof. and the peak roof on those.  I never had one fail, ever.  You can cut all members at a time, each individually once you set up the saw angle, then assemble each and be done in a few hours.
Watch that nailer working near dry grass or around anything flammable it’s throwing  lots of sparks.  Good work on the trusses
What length and thickness of nails did you use,?
$25 for the lumber.  Those were the days!  Thanks for the video, still, a decade later.
nice
I'm a professional engineer trying to learn how to build site built trusses. How did you size the gussets and what was the required nailing/glue pattern? I'm sure there is some ICC code compliant ASTM standard for those calculations, but I can't find. Also calculating the load capacity of the truss is either a ton of trial-and-error circular calculations or some software to do the infinite analysis calculations for you. Did you find a reasonably priced piece of software that you can recommend?
1. You are not making those now in 2024 for $25.00,,Cool video
wow, you did an excellent job.  Greatly appreciate it sir.
Thanks Steve. Good job and good information!
thanks : )
what a great video, awesome quality truss i would say, thank you 👍
which nails you use? 3/4 plywood? why you need bottom narrow plywood piece? thanks!
this is stupid! trusses are usually custom. Why not build a conventual roof. trusses are used for convience, so you don't have spend the time to frame a convential roof. it's for speed. you defeated that convience.. amazingly amature.
Thanks for this. Next year il be building a two storey house with timber framing and truss of course. I am excited! Its just that i dont have the hardwares yet.
love the spark  on that paslode gun
Great video presentation and comments as well-thanks for taking the time to share your knowledge, and corvettes taboot!    “Cuz my shop won’t hold 4!!” 😂
Just curious, Since trusses are an engineered product did you have an engineer design them?
Wow. Nice job.
Here in Australia, all timber trusses would have to be Engineered certified
16 years but i love this video
Not even close to and engineered product that meets code. One of the quickest ways to get a project condemned by a building official.
Making the simple complicated.
Isn't one of those a gable truss or am I missing something?
Thanks for sharing 👍
Interesting video of a roof collapse. Looks like a fully engineered steel building that just could not take the snow load.   https://youtu.be/cTp1DLcfxgo
what size nails were you using? Length and diameter?
The things we do for out Toys!  In this case, bigger garage to keep Corvettes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Love it!
Thanks for showing, a great reference!!!
Great video ! Thank You for taking the time to Produce !
Nice.
The bottom stretch is 26 ft.  Did you use 2, 13' boards?
I  like the principals of the construction.  Perhaps more precision in the fastener application and the nail guage seems to be a specific requirement for sheer strength.  Perhaps initially narrow guage crown staples to pin the gussets and then actual structural screws?
Red corvette 😘💖😻
Over the years I have seen quite a few trusses broken at the metal gussets.  Never, broken at a wooden gusset.    Structurally, the larger the wooden gusset, the stronger, but again, I've yet to see even small and somewhat undersized gussets be the site of a break.     When a patch is needed for a broken metal gusset plate, guess what, it's an oversized plywood gusset.
Is it ok to use two 2*4 for the bottom of a roof truss for a large shed? Or must the bottom of Trusses always be one long piece of lumber?
Thanks for sharing your ideas and process, what span were the trusses? Tks.
we used to build our own trusses in this state in the 60s 70s  till they require engineered trusses now
The bottom piece of wood that runs 26' how did you connect the piece of wood. With gussets?
I've never seen a nail gun throw sparks before
Nice trusses!  I hadn't thought about using glue to have the gussets hold better.  I'm going to build an 18 x 24 off grid simple cabin probably just one big room and maybe a closet and little to no plumbing, and little to no electrical since it's literally in the middle of the woods with no power, well, or septic, and  No driveway up to it, and no permit haha.  It'll be a deck based platform on beams resting on concrete blocks so it'll be at least 20 inches off the ground so I can batt an R 30 under the floor.  I need to build trusses with an 18 foot bottom chord, the pitch can be whatever I want.  There's no way I'm going to buy 13 trusses and carry them all the way through the woods lol.  Maybe 4/12 would be good so it will be easier to blow  and won't use as much roof sheathing as houses that could almost fit 2 more stories in the attic.  How about using OSB for the gussets?  I'm not planning on using any plywood for this project but OSB for sheathing, thin crap for the walls and thicker stuff for the subfloor and roof deck.   Or I guess I could possibly do rafters too but then would have to batt the ceiling but it would be vaulted.
THE AMERICAN DREAM" JAJAJAJAJA IT'S ALL ABOUT MONEY AND MATERIAL POSESIONS !!!
Rotate the video before it enters iMovie
25 bucks to build a each truss?! In 2021 you can even look at a 2×4 for less than 20 bucks. Smfh.
2021 cost to build these... $1,000,000... 😂
Seems like the worst side of the gussets would have more surface are to bond..  I like how you angle the nails in the gusset for better holding strength.
This is very helpful, thank you. Could you comment on your choice of a splice location for the bottom chord? Why not in the middle or more towards the ends? This is the one piece of information I can’t find anywhere.
Tremendous. This is going to help me.
Your trusses much better than manufacture. Do you need approve by city too.
Thank you Steve I will look into it I appreciate the reply
Hello great video thank you if I’m adding a 16 foot wide x 14 foot long addition how many trusses would I need ?
Smart bro. Clear lacker.... you've worked on Commercial jobs aint ya. 😉
Thank you so much for your instructions on building trusses very helpful a Corvette fan too!
No one should value his own time, this is nature
Nice trusses. But as a carpenter of 35 years myself, I was wondering why you would not prestress or preload the trusses by adjusting your template blocks to incorporate about a 3/8" to 1/2" crown in your truss? That way, when your plywood, roofing materials, and possible snow loads start weighing it down it reduces any adverse deflections. Otherwise, you built them the same way we used to build them.
Thanks so much for this video. I'm getting ready to make the trusses for my house, and this is a perfect solution. I love the slab outline, and the gusset plate. Seems much stronger than a nail plate. However, I am confused about one thing. Did I hear you right when you said the glue was going to be a stronger bond than the gusset+nails?
How do you determine the size of the gussets?  Do they need a minimum overlap on each truss section?
in 2020, I was quoted 200 per truss for a 14-15 foot span !!  Came here for a better idea.
I love the video!  Side note when I heard the wood rattling against the table saw blade I tensed up!
My husband uses these plans from Woodglut and is very happy with them. However. I love yours!
Good job! Greetings from Russia!
awesome work!!!
Thank you!
why plywood was not used in all the ties in truss?   Nice job
Are building codes suggest truss plate, mending plates or. Plywood plates.?.  It seems plywood would be much stronger then truss plates..!!!
$25 it cost you for material/ Trust sounds like a bunch of BS to me especially adhesive and plywood believe none of what you hear and half of what you see with these YouTubers
primo video
Love the vets.
Nice video. Can you attach blueprint in cm or meters? or mail me?
I see an airplane.  I'm a retired pilot.  I don't miss flying until I see an airplane.
I built my trusses on my side wall of the pole barn I was building
Hello! Do you think i could use 7/16 OSB for my plates on a 13' span 10/12 pitch roof ? Also what size nails are you using ?
Thanks for sharing.  Did you nail the locating stops to the concrete?  And did you use ACX? (You keep mentioning best face to the chord materials.)
Corvettes are made here in Kentucky and if you ever get the chance you go to bowling Green and take it to work of the Corvette museum just watch out for the giant sinkhole
This is fantastic where would you source the timber from?
Nice helpful video, You can go here to DL a free video flip and rotate  and it works great I use it all the time. https://www.dvdvideosoft.com/products/dvd/Free-Video-Flip-and-Rotate.htm
Interesting but why would you reach a cross the blade to push the off cut off the table? Looks sketchy
Thank you for uploading this video! Question for you, Do you think 40 is too old to start a career as carpenter?
Dang, never seen a nail gun spark so much. That thing run off black powder or what lol
Them heavy duty trusses
Did you nail down those stop blocks on your garage floor with a ramset gun? Looks like it would work fine but I have to build my trusses in my cement carport floor but I know my wife would kill me if I left a bunch of busted out holes in the concrete floor when I was finished. I’m sure they could be epoxied over or something but she’d kill me anyways....haha. I really did enjoy your video as I’ve made trusses before for sheds and barns and we used those darn metal mending plates with the teeth.....so hard to get them perfectly straight and the hammering required is so noisy and time consuming. Yes next time I’ll probably glue and nail plywood gussets. Prefab is quick and easy but nothing beats figuring it out and doing it yourself especially if there’s a grandson, nephew or son in law to help and learn from your skills. I try to teach someone younger than myself each time I take on such projects so they learn something. Every time my grandkids come to visit I make sure I have a project going on so they can learn some skills.
*Great communication and flexibility with design and payment of Shed Plans [Go Here=>**tinyurl.com/shadew**    ]. Both sales and design phases have been easy and the information valuable for me to be very honest. Would recommend family and friends.*
when di you build these?? lumber alone on these trusses in my area would run about $100 at least and you keep saying $25. but great quality work!
Plywood has a grain. The strong direction is "with the grain". more than half of your truss plates are cut and will be installed "against the grain" so they will be less than half as strong as  they could be if you paid attention to the grain of the plywood.
Все гениально просто!
So, if I followed this correctly.....nothing toe nailed in.....gussets (plywood and glue) hold the 2 xs?
I see you're using Old Sparky!
How'd you size your gusset plates?
I don't want to criticize anything about this because I find this pretty awesome. But I tend to like some storage space above the ceiling area.  Something gets lost or changed when using this style.  Nice job by the way!
Most building inspectors will not allow homeowners to build their own trusses. You should check beforehand. If they sign off on your trusses, they are taking the responsibility that they will not fail in the future. Why would they do that and risk their future on your building skills?
"Build your own wood trusses and my expensive cars". Great job, though.
2019 Siri still making us smarter lol
If a building inspector were to see this, he would shut your job down without an engineer's drawing. And no engineer would put his stamp on these.
Honestly tho very nice wood work I’m impressed
Nice work but...WHY ON EARTH WOULD YOU BUILD YOU’RE OWN TRUSSES? it’s far cheaper and usually quicker (with properjob site planning) order them prefab because then that company has liabilities. And WHY THE HELL would you have a 3-12 roof? What a horrible pitch I hope it doesn’t snow or rain much where u are. I ONLY build trusses when a customer asks for them specifically or when time is of the essence due to specific situations, other than that just stick frame the roof with the proper 2 by material depending on pitch on load ranges
You must live in an area that doesn't require a framing inspection. A truss has to be engineered by a structural engineer if you do.
No way you can build these for $25.  A sheet of 3/4 plywood alone is $30 and 16 foot 2x4s are $7.
I Taipei roof making ctm
Very good vid and info. What about engineering and permit approval.  will self made trusses pass on your own license if you follow specs for permit approval? I'm in Oregon btw
Fire breathing Paslode huh ? ... never seen that action in all my 45 years !! ....
Everything is not about how much money our time is worth creating something or doing something  Doing what you enjoy  Has no price
An update to all on the strength of these trusses.  We have had to this point in time, 45 inches of snow here in Iowa.  No issues with the strength of these trusses.
Thank you so much for you time, the materials, and your care about the next guy who doesn't know anything. Good job. Derek
Nice video.  You must be living in an area with little or no snow. I’m in the Adirondacks .   You have something with a 3-12 pitch ...it better be like on 10 “ centers  and 2x6 upper cord and a metal roof.    I’m just saying........!
Nice Vet.  I never considered using SIRI to find the angle of a roof slope....
The pattern of the bracing isn't just ornamental. The depth of the board, species, and loading rates for your region will give you the span between the braces. This is what you are paying for with engineered trusses. If you are planning on sheetrock then a 5 foot span is closer to what it should be on the bottom. But do the figures for your needs.
Building trusses sounds like a lucrative business. I can actually do the calculations and sketches on my computer.  But I’m skeptical of wood trusses.  Wish there were other options that isn’t susceptible to termite invasion.
Question?? what kind wood would you recommend to build a truss? Are you using southern yellow pine in your video??
This would never fly in NJ.  You need a permit for every thing out here.  The engineers would have to approve this.
I used Titebond II to glue mine together and used 1 1/2" staples to put mine together. You can just roll the glue on with a paint roller. In ten minutes you couldn't tear them apart without destroying the truss. I've made hundreds of them that way and after 25-30 years they are still in good shape. Way better than the press metal plate gussets.
Really nice build on the trusses. Plywood for gussets nailed and glued are the way to go. The press in plates are the first to fall out in the event of fire. Good for you to take a little time to oversee something as critical as trusses. The strength of anything is the cummulation of all parts and joints together in a unit.
If you had them made it would not have been so precise and sturdy. Good job and peace of mind.
Very nice work, Sir!  I enjoyed the video and Vettes!
In a fire I did fire restoration if the metal heats up they fail don't even need to burn
I'm we seasoned carpenter/framer nice job the ply wood makes them stronger than factory I have seen nail plates fail
I've been in the truss business for 21 years and I think this is a cool video. The gusset sizes on some of the joints are a little small but they're not going to fail. Maybe just vertically deflect slightly over the years, if anything.  Even though I work for a truss company and get a discount I site built some small trusses for a pole barn just to do it. It was very labor intensive but fun.  Keep doing your thing! Cheers
Midwest plan service has truss plans like this but wide span barns good info
木材不用刷油漆吗？
Good video!!
I was a few seconds into the video and do you are an awesome guy the first thing I spied was the yellow vet and then you went directly to the red one awesome and totally American I’m looking forward to building my own somewhat tiny house one day soon
Well done, not medium rare.
Use QuickTime to rotate video.
Nails are hitting the concrete causing sparks to fly!
Hi I have some site-built fink trusses in my roof from the 1970s where a few of the roof peak nail plates failed because of being inadequately pressed into the timber on-site.  No engineers I have talked to will touch them because their company won't take liability for trusses they didn't design. I would like to repair my trusses using plywood gusset plates, but I don't know how to size the plates. How did you determine the size of your plates needed? I'm in the same part of the country and snow load as you btw.
I luckily live in the country and basically can build anything that I desire as long as it is built with property line setbacks and under a certain height. What is ironic is just because a truss is built in a shop and has an engineering stamp it's automatically considered "better" than a truss built like you did. A truss like the one you built with 3/4" ply truss plates on both sides and glued and the proper # of nails is far superior and stronger than a POS thrown together plant truss. We built many trusses just like yours in my shop class in HS years ago. Very good quality stuff!
Tremendous job sir! Always a pleasure to watch a master carpenter work.
Excellent video  nice to see no bullshit good videos !! Thanks Much !!!!!
With so many sparks looks like you are welding....
I am pretty sure you can still buy handbook with all details you need on woodprix.
Excellent video.  That's a great idea to staple the truss pieces together prior to putting on the gussets.  Also, your layout technique on the floor was very clever.  Thanks very much.
Do you know of a book that I can buy to help me to build a truss for a very snowy climate  for I'm going to build a barn that is going to be 48 ft. wide
You saved almost 400 dollars  and you could have just bought tie plates like the truss company would use. excellent work craftsman.
I always shudder when I see a saw with no guard or riving knife, please use both and work safe !!
I think mine looks better ;) I used stodoys instructions and I built it with no problem.
You can learn more about it on stodoys webpage.
There was a great deal of satisfaction watching a guy who has already framed 100's of projects.  Too many videos are of guys who have no experience with anything but they become YouTube "instructors."  It's fine for drama, but not wisdom.
Thanks for your response Steve . I really appreciate your input. I will drop you a email. Better to have knowledge from expert like you. Than guess by me. lol I applied for permit. Should go through. Im hoping they dont want pre engineered at $110 a pop × 18 of them. Would hurt to buy. opposed to time which im fine with and what i could save. I keep you up to date. Your a true patriot & gentleman thanks for responding. Bryan
Great job & definitely know what talking about. I want to build my own but have question about bottom chord. if cant be full length board. What & how do i do it. Dont want to flunk inspection. My email is. Edmistonb04@gmail.com Need advice & guidance. Hvac guy by trade no carpenter. lol
Do those gussets have to be 3/4" thick?
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.  I've done this for 3 projects.  It is very labor intensive.  But I was young and stupid then.
I am about to build a roof over my chicken run with a 12' width and 30' run and then a house on the back side. These look to be quite solid. Do you know what your finished cost of materials averaged out to be? Would you say these are sufficient for 24" centers?
Well done mate  good job
One reason the truss plants use metal plates is they are thinner and you can get more trusses on the truck for delivery/cuts delivery cost.
The added weight is but an inconvenience. You have greater rigidity and strength. I always go for site built for customization you can afford. Dude got a better add-on doin it his way.
Looks a lot like aircraft wing rib construction.  You must have done that before.  Great job. Obvious quality!
I would have done my gussets with a template and router table with bearing cut bit.
Watch your hand around that nailer and staple gun (speaking from experience)
Nice video on how to actually build them.  But how did you determine how many nails you needed to use to support the load these trusses are carrying?
I started building my trusses on the garage floor but it was too uneven to get them straight and flat. So I built a platform with 2x4s and plywood so I could nail down jig pieces to hold the chords in place. Worked great plus they stayed in place when I was nailing. They just moved around to much when I was nailing the gussets on the concrete, but great job!
These types of trusses are dangerous; I've seen many of them fail.  They are not as strong as manufactured trusses with metal truss plates.
Very good tutorial. I have searched a long time to find this information. You have a very good knowledge of getting things done yourself. Now you have more money to spend on the swoopy cars.
The builder showed my father the local council's Roof Frame Plans in a booklet and it showed what angle the roof has to be and the amount of Truss Tie's because of the local wind speeds and the Galvanised Steel Nailplates sizes. Its best to use Galvanised Steel Nailplates there cheaper and stronger just hammer them into place with a wooden mullet.
14.04 and 14.4 is not equal in case it matters. That's what a rasp is for?
The only reason to order trusses is if you are a contractor working on a deadline for a bid price. Paying union help to build trusses can eat way into your profit margin. Factory trusses are fine as long as they are certified safe according to local building codes. However glued and nailed trusses built to order are stronger, stiffer and if you carefully build a fixture, just as uniform. I've rolled my own for 50 years and never had one fail yet. BTW, I've always found it convenient to cut the eave overhang a couple of inches longer than required, then use a chalk line to trim them to uniform length after installation. I always get one or two that don't quite fit and it's a bear to get the fascia to look right.
I wanna build my own wood trusses and travel on double decker busses.
I used this video and made mine off of this.  I made a few minor changes, one being I couldn't tell for sure what size plywood was used, looks like 3/4" which seems a bit overkill and adds weight.  I used 3/8" and made them a little larger. These are usually made with flimsy patch plates, so I didn't see an issue using 3/8".  I based all the gusset measurements off of a 9" height as you end up with very little scrap.  But this was a very good video, I watched it about 10 times so when I made mine it was already familiar.  I made mine to cover a 23' span and I'm very happy with how they came out.  I'm adding an addition to my garage too, and I've never made trusses before so this helped a lot.
How how u know better  ,buy what look nice and you care what you then someone get payed buy the hour
Your audio volume is bad. I gave up watching your video because of the bad audio work.
My question to you sir is. How the heck did you move that wall to the edge of the new slab? Did you use a crane, forklift or just a bunch of friends? 12:45
What is the purpose of the plywood plate in the middle of the bottom chord (one that extends to the right of the center in the part of video where all of the trusses are stacked)? I suppose they beare the tension force but why they aren't in the dead centre of the chord? Is it expected for trusses to sag over time? Thanks for your time! Best regards!
Literally of NO help whatsoever if you are actually building trusses how does one find the angles? where are the measuring points? where is the useful info in this video????
Corvettes =bad trusses = good
OK thanks I'll have to give that a try
I build 1 truss and then build all the rest on top of the first one as a template on saw horses. In that way, all are identical and I'm not crawling around on the ground on my hands and knees.
Hi I was wondering how did you figure out where to put out a bracing what program did you use and how did you calculate it
Great job. !!! excellent
Beautiful work and great video!  Thank you for your time to help others!
to confusing bro
good job!
Great primer video. I'm down in Australia and just got a quote for trusses for a single carport about 15ft wide. They came back at $300 AUD per truss ! And I need 10.  You've inspired me to build my own.
You did a really good job on these.
This project is awesome!, Also, after going through Wooody Hyezmar's site and seeing some cool plans from his book, I was surprised you could download them.
What a Fink!!!     <big grin>
Of course, at 3:15 you already knew the approximate angle for a 3/12 roof even before asking Siri because you no doubt looked at your Swanson speed square and saw it was about 14 degrees   Precision is better, but unless you're using something like the Incra super-duper precision miter gauge,  it's really hard to know when you're cutting 14.04 degrees rather than14 degrees on most table saws.   By the way, your trusses look much better than those I ordered from my local builders supply. Well done.
Nice Job.....i did the same when i built my workshop in Philippines, difference is i laid out the design on 3/4 play and as i cut and placed the part i tacked it so it didn't move
You asked Siri? Done, bye.
Excellent job man.  Fun video.  I liked seeing the stack of the 7 on top of each other, which proves visually that you were highly consistent.  So, job well done.  Bummed me out though that you said you would pay to have them done professionally if you had the cash.  You did such a good job!  Also, I can tell you got a good air compressor...when you were nailing gussets yours didn't kick on.  Haha, mine would've kicked on twice during that sequence.  Grin.  Anyway, thanks for doing this video...best part for me was the layout you did...measure twice, cut once, use a good layout template.  And the addition of the alignment blocks was a great afterthought.  Cheers, good job and thanks.  The Armed Mariner
I like you Steve you are well organised and straight to the point. Don't go into politics !!! . I learned  a lot and will carry on my plans to defeat the high costs of paying someone else what I would actually prefer to do myself.
Sparks flying out of your nailer
Nice video!  I'm a carpenter by trade (30 years) and I am impressed by the detail and planning that went into your project.  Did I see from that work truck that you work for Ryan Inc.?
Nice work. How did you go about moving the whole back wall intact?
hi great video try using movie maker microsoft ti turn your clips right side up
Hi. If you want to build it yourself just google for 'woodprix' . I know you'll find good solutions for your idea.
Very well done.
EXCELLENT VIDEO,GREAT LAYOUT AND PLANNING
i recomend using 2" staples, less likely to split gusset plate and has more shear strength. 100 psi barely below surface. Also want to single side gusset plate on Gable ends, so as not to enterfear with siding!
The WONDERFUL thing about building identical multiple items is except for the first article?  Everything else is reduced to mass production tactics where each part run is set up and then bang out x number of part A x number of part B and so on and THEN when all the parts are staged it is just banging them together one after another identical clones....repetition lends itself to consistent quality!  It might take more than 4 hours to build the first one but if you build ten identical "widgets"  But then  Maybe as little as a half hour each or less ...which is why tract homes (and modular homes)  can be built SO SO much cheaper than custom one off homes...Henry Ford NAILED IT!
Really,   how many building departments are going to investigate if trusses were "site built" or not?  I mean so long as they LOOK factory built quality using proper grade stamped lumber??   Or is there some stamp they put on the trusses at the truss factory that inspectors insist on seeing?  You know the way they can get looking for the right stamps on roof sheeting etc?   Unscrupulous contractors WILL try to shave their costs if they think no one is looking but my experience as an owner builder has been a lot of leniency ...the last remodel the inspector did not even look at anything but only asked me if I was happy with the work my subs did... It was like "IF there is a problem YOU TELL ME and I will gig them otherwise?  If you are happy then I am!  It's YOUR home buddy...  Which I appreciated it!  It sucks when you get "one of THOSE guys" that just LOVES to inflict the letter of the law EVEN if what is there is as good or BETTER than "code"
yes Steve it's how to do the math and layout that I'd like to learn! thanks again! god bless,thomas
Hi Steve, I absolutely loved your video on rolling your own trusses! The entire presentation was excellent! May I ask where I could get the calculations,in order to do a floor layout like you did?Thomas. By the way you make a great teacher and the end product speaks volumes about you and the care and precision you utilised in their production!
Nice job on the trusses! I have a 1996  Collectors Edition LT-4 6 spd convertible, last 5 of the vin are-xxx00006! 59k miles if you know anybody interested! Again, great video on building the trusses.
is that half inch or 3/4 plywood you used for the gussets?
Rely on siri lol...  Why not just build it with rafters?
can I put my bottom span joint in the middle or should it be offset like yours?
Nice job!
Nice work.
Whats with the sparks flying out of the nail gun (9.25), that's not normal is it? Nice vid though.
Very nice thank you. Do you know of a good source to calculate the dimensions of trusses?
I've been working for a component manufacturer for the last 20 years of my life. Started in the shop and now in the office in design/estimating/inside sales. I know my trusses. Like you said you did save some money ($300?) but if you're a busy/important man your time is worth more than 3 bills. Plus most townships do not allow site built truss systems because they aren't certified by a licensed engineer. Kind of ironic that stick framed buildings don't require such certifications. Anyway with the company I'm with we could have supplied this small order in a matter of days and for not much more than you spent. Plus you get a warranty, sealed truss drawings and trusses made from grade stamped kiln dried lumber with options in SPF, SYP, fire treated and even pressure treated. With galvanized plates there's no chance of corrosion and should you need to modify a truss you'll have free access to our professional engineers who will provide your repair drawings to submit to your building department. I know it sounds like a sales pitch and I applaud your DIY approach. I myself hate paying anyone to do what I can for myself. You also say it cost you about $25/truss? Did you add in the cost of the plywood gussets, adhesive, nails, ect? To me it looks like you used at least 2-3 sheets of what appears to be 3/4" plywood and where I live it's about $35+/sheet. Hey don't mind me, I'm just babbling lol. Do your thing!
Well shit.. I didn't even think to glue my gusset plates... Too late now; hope they hold up.
I'd trust myself to make them the right size and quality over the factory's product.  PS - Good job by the way!
Very Nice!, thank you for this video! Beautiful job. Its is my projetct in Brazil:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvOnSZPe_HY&
Those trusses are 100 times better than the ones you buy.   Great Job!
thanks dude
remarkable job my friend.  one question : wouldnt it be easier to get the lumber together with truss nail plates instead of cutting the plywood supports. again, beautiful job
i have that same jotul wood stove.
I see you used heel wedges. A good idea on low pitch trusses. I plan to use them on my 2:12 pitch roof.
Great video. Thanks for taking the time and sharing. Only question is what size is the plywood gussets?
Not allowed to make your own trusses here in the UK. Have to get a structural engineers design ok'd by the building control first.  The truss manufacturer does all this for you and it can be a long wait before approval and manufacture. I'm lucky, I got all this done with a 2 week turnaround.
6-8 weeks to get the trusses?  That's insane, at the truss plant I'm at it would only take 1-2 few days to get them.
Thank you for posting this video. I am about to start building a shed shortly and the only thing I am not confident about is the roof trusses. It is going to be 12' x 16' and I will need to watch your video again but will the same  60 degree formula work on it?  Thank you, Dean
What size was your cement pad and costs? I am planning on building 1 car garage this spring
Thanks for the video! I am planning to start on a pole barn this spring and am contemplating building the trusses myself. I'm a little worried about the amount of time it would take me to do them all myself though. I'll just have to compare the prices and see if it's worth the extra time.
Thank you so much for sharing n must really tell u how magnanimous u r to teach step by step, n how very clear, smart n easy it is to build these trusess. I m an asian lady living far away from the place which ur video was taken. THANK YOU AGAIN, ur teaching will surely benefit thousands n million of viewers who someday may build their house.
Nice video I'm a civil engineer student, I'm doing truss analysis and I like to watch videos like this one.
Thank you for this video.  I'm a ME student studying statics and particularly zero force members.  I came upon this video randomly.  Awesome video, thanks again.
Most building departments won't allow this without a engineers drawing
