I don’t see how you don’t like crappie. Down here in the south , we celebrate over a mess of crappie
Hey how you doing today have you ever cook stuffed peppers went shrimp and bluegill yellow perch I would like to to see you cook that
Absolute legend.
"Marriage is a sentence" Brillianjt line. I hope this one is a life sentence for me. Christie is my FOURTH and I am tired of change.
Why are you removing the crappie?
What is he talking about crappy is delicious
I didn't see it in the notes but why do they want u to remove crappie from your lake?
I'm going fishing tomorrow any advice loved this viedeo
Great video.  Have you had problems with white crappy overrunning the pond?  It's illegal to stock the white ones here in Georgia, only the black ones.  The GA DNR is discouraging us from putting black crappy back into Winlo lake because they claim they can overrun less than 100 acres.  We  had them before and they were fine until the bass got too big and ate all the big ones.  Over the last several years the crappy population and the crappy themselves were small, and the same was true for the warmouth.  I don't know if crappy survived our pond draining., but so far I have not seen one.  I actually like the better than bass, but I for one much prefer bluegill, catfish or my absolute favorite, redbreast.
@11:29 he flicks his tongue
why dont you like crappie
Hey great video as always, I was gonna ask, how do u recommend to store frozen fish to keep them good?
I love your enthusiasm it's addicting! God bless
send ur crappie my way I love crappie!  lol
thanks for watching my friend
oh by the way my friend check out my vidéo on fileting smelt titled how To filet smelt..not as Good as yours but it is my first video
I am watching one of your videos right now ..It's the one where your rowing on ice and stuffing peppers with Italian sausage..so funny
how come you don't like crappie that much
why did they say you need keep all crappie from you lake?
they are hitting it as soon as it hits the water, I've caught them on corn and hot dogs.
I eat crappie alot how does blue gill compare i heard it's good.
Love your videos!! I'm a recent subscriber and I am so glad I found you! Tasty and simple!  Will you ever show how you filet your fish?
If you cull small bass shouldn't you cull the small bluegill also? Idk just wondering
Thanks Juanelo! When I get a chance to,I'll be giving this a shot! Until then I'll be sharing!!
man i love some crappie with a cornmeal jacket on haha
Hey Juanelo, i was watching some of your vids and i came across this Bluegill Enchilada video, i dont think i've seen it before. I must say you are a much braver cook than i. I wonder if the Az. trout in my freezer would work, anyway love your videos.
I live in an area where the blue gill sit on the bottom and the trout are preditory any suggestions on how to catch them?
Why do you not like crappie
It will depend on the fish
Why don't you like crappie?
Whats the biggesf fish you have ever cuaght
I think the bass are the problem they are preadatory fish an they seem to gang up at attack tiny perch. I think if you put a small number of fathead minnows In the lake the bass might start eating the minnows and the crappies will also eat the minnows. And thank you for the quick comment.
If perch are less common in the lake dont keep any perch for a year or so . They lay thousands of eggs each year and they grow very fast. I did this in a friends pond who stock only 25 perch and the next year a fish biologist said there were hundreds of small perch in there. Good fishing and make many more fishing videos.
Incredible
This video is very troubling for your lactose-sensitive viewers. haha. It looks so good! I might have to throw caution to the wind and dive into this one. All the best!!!
Why would you think that you only had a chance with miss Lulu Cheeks? you seem like an AMAZING man, you are obviously an AMAZING chef, and I would say that she'd be lucky to have you as a husband!
I have been sentenced.  We were late bloomers lol.  26 years together in March.  We just celebrated our 22a
Why do the biologist advise to remove all crappie?
Good fishing and some good eats, hard to beat that combo. Looked delicious Juanelo!
Haha! Oh lulu!
hey nice video and I must ask have you noticed a change in the bass size since the beginning you started
I love crappie.  I think they're great eating.  It is odd that the biologist wanted you to remove small fish, but also want to eliminate all crappie.  It's usually just the opposite around here.  Leave the crappie alone and let them eat the smaller fish.  But crappie are one of the most popular fish where I live, and that may be the real difference.
I've gotta say man, you must be the perfect granddad ever!
do u own the lake?
if you want to blow what original  lake he goes to like
Man oh man....  Wonderful...  Absolutely wonderful...  I am thinking that I need to add this to my menu...  Outstanding, John!!!  ;-)
Awesome, I havent had my computer ive been slacking on watching your videos haha.
looks great my friend!! im always soo  hungryyy watching this!
Looks so good!!
Back from vaca and still setting the cooking/fishing world on fire! Looked to be all kind of creamy cheesy goodness John! My wife has dairy issues so this looked pretty awesome to guy that doesn't get to cook with the white gold ...aka, milk, cheese and cream :)
the weather is getting much colder in Illinois bad news I will no be able to ice fish in the winter people falling in the water  I hope your Thanksgiving was great
Juanelo you're home! Great video once again - hope you had a lovely holiday!
I can't make any of your recipes, but you are just so great to watch I can't resist
How many species of fish are in the lake KetchaBigOne
Everything I've seen from your videos looks delicious, I've even tried one or two recipes, the question is...are they working as a low carb diet for you? They don't seem diet meals for me at all.
Welcome back!! This place wasn't the same without you.
welcome back.
MORE VIDEOS JUANELO!!!
Where do u fish
Love your videos their entertaining and the food looks so good
Idk how I stumbled upon your channel. But I'm so glad I did. Your videos are so entertaining. You should have a much bigger audience.
do you like grass carp
When is that catfish video comin?
Somehow I missed this John. Beautiful reflection on the lake lovely crisp day to go fishing. Those fish look Devine I wouldn't be trusted and would eat the lot lol but just as well I'm not there so we can go on the next step. Looks like a really tasty bite to eat big thumbs up John set another place for me :)
They looked delicious Juanelo! What a fun and different recipe you put out. Don't worry about The Sentence, mi tocayo....better luck next time!
Fish enchilads and that creamy sauce! WOW! Your vacation is over and now your back in your usual fantastic form! Like a boss!! You owned this dish! Kudos and Happy Thanksgiving to you and the Mrs!
if you like bluegill you might like rock bass they are a very tasty fish fish they taste very similar to bluegill and they are quite meaty if you get a good sized one I thought I'd give you an idea for a future video :)
You are so cool I love your recipes and they are so tasty I'm only 12 but I can cook some killer fish
You're a great fisherman, and your videos are always great !
Your videos just make me so happy. Thanks.
that was alot of fish.  great recipe too.
As always, your recipe looks amazing my friend!
Wow, those bluegill enchiladas look so delicious, Juanelo! And I love the mexian music that you chose for the video :-) Big thumbs up for you, my dear friend! Best wishes.....Jenny ♫
Another great meal! Mrs. TMT makes a similar meal but she covers the dishes with foil as they bake... Why would he say to remove all the Crappie? Seems like they would be great bait fish for the bass. Wow you finally caught a perch! LOL!
do you like ice fishing
Do eat the fish a lot?
47 and a half minutes. Your cooking times kill me!! 😄 You seemed to have quite a productive fishing trip for this video. That crappie was enormous. And Miss Lulu was on fire this time!! A sentence!!!! Excellent video as always!! 😊💕
Hey Juanelo, do you ever fish in the lake for fun?
I've watched a lot of your videos Juanelo and this was the best ! Cracking fish , great method with the light gear , tasty recipe and a wee laugh at the end ! Perfect !
welcome back
i don't get how marriage is a sentence
That's was a fantastic ideas.. Fish enchilada.. That's was absolutely brilliant taste.
John your enchiladas look so delicious and the crispy outside wonderful.
Eso mi Juanelo! ta bientastes mi rey! Enchiladas look great hermano! keep putting out awesome vids!
Wowzers those enchiladas looked amazing...   I'll be trying this recipe asap.  Hope you had a fun holiday last week!
Your videos always bring me great joy.
Would you mind putting the amount of carbs in the recipe at some point during the video? Thanks, tight lines!
Can't go wrong with Rachael Ray recipes Juanelo :-) Always great to see you angling :-) It is so peaceful where you angle :-) That is quite the variety of a catch :-) I can relate digging right into to that :-) Cilantro is so time consuming to prep but worth it :-) WOW is right Juanelo :-) @ 11:18 you had the Groucho Marx look going :-) lol your tongue :-) Marriage isn't a word it's a SENTENCE lol :-) Hey Juanelo those Bluegill Enchiladas get an Extra "BIG" thumbs up and Joi and I wish you and Lulu an excellent Thanksgiving :-) Take care :-) ROCK ON!!!!!!!
where is Lake Ketchabigwon
Have you ever had walleye?
Spectacular! Another fish dish that Dorothy (not a fish lover) would  enjoy. Just add cheese and she's there. That's the most lucious fish  combination I've ever seen. Thanks again for a great recipe!   Marriage can also be a superlative subjunctive mood when the first person presents his case to the second person in an imperative mood thereby interjecting an indicative mood which might predicate a complement appositive to the modifier in the objective case thereby creating a perfect participle. Although the past tense could produce a suffix,  if there should happen to be a thrid person involved, that would end in a dangling participle. Which we all know is not a good thing!
One day you need to go ahead and take all these fish recipes and put them in a cookbook. I can see it now "Juanelo presents a Fisherman's Recipe Compendium"
Hello again!   Why should the crappie be removed? Are they not indigenous?  Crappie are indigenous yet rare in my neck of the woods here in Central Florida.
wow another great video! Yummy yummy! i reallllly love enchiladas!
How good is bluegill
What was that fish that you favorite the most?   It looks like a large perch, but I know it's probably not.
love your vids man haha you are a funny guy
Welcome back John. I sure do enjoy watching you fish. It looked like a very nice Autumn day for fishing. How many hours do you fish average per video? The fish enchiladas looked YUMMO as Rachel always says. I would try these my friend. The golden crusted Cheese sold me. Ohhh ya!!  ✨👏🏻👏🏻🍽 I don't know what your going to do John about Miss Lulu. She is a tough one to convince.  Chris and I want wish you and Lulu a Happy Thanksgiving 🍁
We missed you when you were away! I wish I could be there fishing with you!
Love the videos Mr. Juanelo! You are a joy to watch and the videos are the highlight of my day. I wish the best for you and Mrs. LuLu!
Hi Juanelo! Just got back from school. I hope you had great time off! I started to be more interested in fishing when I read a book with fishing in it. Same for skateboarding. I love books. Great video!!! I was looking to see if you uploaded a video ever since I woke up on Sunday.
Another nice video... Keep up the great work😃👍
Discount double Wide.  Love it!
Great video and recipe, Juanelo!  Very good information in the description!
*Splendid Fishing & Appetizing Work.  Pleasant Evening.*
Juanelo I have to ask why don't you keep large fish?
Have to try them one day! Love ur videos
Oh my that would be so much fun!!!
thanks for the video looks out your food tasted good
Wow! That looked delicious! I'm definitely going to try this, maybe with some white Perch  ! It looked so cheesy and crispy ! Great video! Tight lines!
nice video,love your content
Lake Ketchabigwon was very generous on this day!   I know you get tired of me altering your recipes, but I think this recipe would be absolutely delicious if I tried it without the fish.  Ms. Lulu is right, those green onions take this dish up to the next level!  You could tell by Ms. Lulu's description that she loved this dish.  Lucky Lulu to have such a great chef to personally cook for her.  I hate to admit to laughing so hard at Ms. Lulu's response, "Marriage isn't a word, it's a sentence!"   After that, I have nothing to add.   Hahahhahah  Have a wonderful week my friends!  Happy Thanksgiving to you, Ms. Lulu and the girls!  Hugs to you all.
Thanks for another great video, John,  and Happy Thanksgiving! ~Ron
pulling them in left and right     bet that was a tasty dish    be safe pal
Wow that is one pretty yellow perch you caught wow! and wow what a wonderful fish! just keep swimming Juanelo she'll come around some day!
Omg John! Esas enchiladas de pescado se ven deliciosas. I would even eat the filling by itself. I like cumin too, but I don't like the smell lol
It looks like you really love your fishing, it makes me want to go fishing too!😂😂 Happy Thanksgiving to you and Ms. Lulu!!
OMG...this looks great...great video!!!
Hello frinds! !! how r you? love the enchiladas, all of your videos are yummy  (great)  love you guys!!!! Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family.
Great catch, The enchiladas look amazing, Happy Thanksgiving to your family.
This looks amazing, i would eat it my whole life :D
hey - is that new intro music?  Love it!  :) and is that a different boat?  Looks like insanely great weather for fishing!  :) wow - those red trees were spectacular!    Oh my goodness!!! oh my goodness!!!  That cheese mixture is to die for! great great recipe!  Loved it!
Great looking enchiladas! It looks like you got a nice new jacket too. Excellent job of catching, cooking, and living your death sentence! LOL
Is this a public lake and can I go there where is it?
I love your videos. like if you agree and hopefully Mrs lulu will say yes one day!
Yes.... John..... that is one Beautiful  dish! I myself have been on a low carb diet.. It  is fun.... so far... Ms. LuLu Cheeks looks lovely today.!... Thanks John! :)
your face at 11:18 And 11:28..lol. nice recipe
Wow what a stringer!!!!! I loved the "unwelcome passengers" line lol. Love the enchiladas definitely a recipe from down-home we love our Mexican food down here!
Perch is my favorite too... Welcome Back, We Missed You and Lu Lu Cheeks!
Maybe one day you will be with Lulu forever, Juanelo. Don't give up!
👍
Welcome back!  I hope you and Ms Lulu Cheeks enjoyed a pleasant holiday!
Juanelo your cooking skills should be recognized around the world! Lake Ketchabigwon the best managed lake in the USA! Sorry, there won't be any wedding vows any time soon! Take care buddy and glad to see you and Ms. Lulu back!
Is this a re-upload? A dejá-vue? Haven't we watched this earlier on already? Seems so familiar, and I remember using Peccorino Romano after watching this... I'm puzzled.
Yum!!!
That looks amazing my friend, I still plan on dropping by for a meal. What do you drink? :-) Thumbs up..... Thomas
Another great video John how was your vacation with Miss Lulu cheeks
Well done Rachel Ray fish recipe!  A curse on all the Crappie in the lake!  I'll take em.
R.I.P stringer
Welcome back, Chef! How was the trip? Did you eat anything good? :^o Also, why are the crappie supposed to be pulled out now? Are they invasive? And are you kinda sad that you have to eat all the crappie you catch now lol. The enchiladas looked great! I didn't know you could make them with a white cheese sauce. Great video! :u)
When Miss Lulu Cheeks said that marriage is a sentence, is she referring it to a prison sentence????
I love enchiladas!!  Looking forward to trying this one my friend. Keep them videos coming they make my day.. Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours..
Who does the filming?
So glad you caught a perch ! Good for you buddy !!!
You made my night ! Chin chin !
yes sir i do understand plz dont ever stop making vids
That crispy cheese top on them looks so good John! And the fish filling is on point!
Awesome as always. Could you smoke some bluegill of a charcoal grill? I'm thinking about trying it out for thanksgiving. Never smoked any kind of meat before.
Your welcome I love fishing and cooking so that is one of the reasons I love this channel.
Lol gotta laugh..... Your discount double wide.😂😂😂
Your back from vacation and looking great! Hope you had lot's of fun! i think your such a good fisherman, you could prolly catch fish with cheetos! your right! These enchiladas DO look richer, cheesier, yummier!!!! Very very very good catches!!! I just ate yet i'm hungry again! great job my friend! kiss those fishies for me. i love when they run big too! lol
Awesome vid Juanelo!   Edit: I noticed those beautiful trees on your return shot. Gorgeous! I was wondering what kind of trees they were.
The multiple camera angles show how much effort and love you put into your video! Love it! Keep them coming!
Hey my buddy. You know what I'm gonna say. Love da vids as always. It's such a hoot to watch your vids. Hope your vacation is are was ok.... Lol not sure if you are still on vacation r not. So have the scientists taken a census if it's even possible of what aquatic species is in your beautiful lake? Take care my friend...
Unless I missed it, this is the first time I seen you catch a perch, are they really that rare?
Thanks for considering the idea
Hey juanelo what if u caught someone fishing on your lake
and can you pleace say my name in one of ur vids it would mean the world to me
Ur my fav fishing YouTube channel
5:28 Any special or special fishing techniques to use with the lures?
My mouth is watering!
your welcome ur my fav fishing youtuber i can watch your vids over and over and i wont get tired if them
Why do you not like crappie fish?
Hi my friend nice to see you back, I hope you had a great vacation. These enchiladas look great, as you say... creamy, cheesy and delicious. Please say hi to Miss Lulu and have a wonderful weekend
What are all the species of fish in Lake ketchabigwon?
how often do you see yellow perch at the lake? and that face you made was priceless 😂😂
Awesome Video Juan I Have A Challenge For You Fish For Bluegill The Correct Way With One Bobber One Hook And And A Nightcrawler But It Shouldn't Be Hard To Catch Fish
AHHHHH everything you make rules! Especially your awesome mustache!
Looks Great Juanelo! Going to have to give that one a try.
Perch and walleye are definitely my favorite, but I'm suprised you don't like crappie. To me the taste similar to bluegill, but everyone wants what they want!
Juanelo! Looks like you finally ran out of green chile! I'd be happy to send you another 100 pounds. That recipe looked delicious. Maybe you could make a separate batch of crappie enchiladas for the raccoons. I'm sure they'd be delighted. Great job as always my friend!
Amazing work as always! Looks amazing.  Thank you for all these wonderful videos.
Aw...Juanelo, Miss Lulu and blue gill enchiladas...what a delightful combo. So nice to have you back...hope you had a wonderful vacation! Don't get discouraged. Remember, 'faint heart never won fair lady'. You hang in there; she's bound to come around one day! hugs...(:
Wow!!! Enchiladas??? I bet they wer delicious, me and my kids are thinking about doing that recipe this thanksgiving. Saludos amigo Juanelo to u and your family. Oooo and if Mrs Lulu says yes one day  I'll get the mariachis for ur wedding lol... HAPPY THANKSGIVING mi buen amigo to u and ur lovely family...
Hahahahaha Very clever Ms Lulu!  I can just imagine how god those enchiladas were.  I like browned crispy cheese too, lol
WOW! Those enchiladas look amazing, John... That was a very sincere "WOW", too hehehe. Can't go wrong with Old Bay all over the top, either.
Welcome back from New Orleans! (can we expect some Cajun recipes?)  Lulu, that was your best line yet! Neat recipe John. Here is a tip for reducing your Crappie population. When you catch your first crappie attach a large bobber with about 6-8 feet of line and a safety pin to its upper lip. Return it to the water. Crappies are schooling fish and that first one will rejoin the school. Fish that area and any fish you catch you can clean and donate the filets to a food bank or charity or a family that needs the meat. By the way, that was a darn nice Crappie you caught! Tight lines my friend!
Do you ever consider returning the perch to the lake to increase the population?
it looks very yummy
Juanelo why don't you like crappie? Is it a big difference on the taste of bluegill and crappie
Finally juanelo is back!glad to see a new video
I'm curious why you don't like crappie. Personally, I love eating crappie, and almost everyone I've talked to agrees. i completely agree about perch though, definitely the best eating fish, too bad I don't seem to catch them here in Missouri!
You should release bluegill that has like a red belly, most of the time, it is just eggs. Good video though.
Juanelo, your enchiladas look amazing!!!
haha good catches juan! how was your vacation?
Juanelo can you make a video of deep frying blue gills  P.s love your videos
make some tortas of fish juanelo
hey juanelo what is yoir fav movie
Do you ever think that you could do a complete tour of the lake like the different depths all of the the species in it ect?
Great video post more
I don't suppose It Is possible to fish with you one day Is It?  It would be absolutely great for me and my friend to fish with you and cook with you.
your back yeah :)
What do you want for christmas juan?
hi juanelo! nice catch of fish! hope you had fun on vacation, and food looks great as always. thanx for posting another fun video.
I wish you were my grandpa with how you cook I'm surprised girls aren't all over you and nice fish
You're back! Finally! I've had a withdrawal from your new videos!
HE'S BACK!!!  Love the uploads! Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family.  Looks amazing. Do you have a favorite brand rod or reel you prefer?
Just like always a good video and a thumbs up
Yeah I learn a lot about fishing and cooking
awesome video like always love it
Great video I plan on getting a fish tank soon I'm going to put some bluegills in them🐟
That is one massive crappie I would love to have a chance at crappie that large! Lucky guy!
Great video
Those enchiladas look great!
can i fish there
Your enchiladas look so YUMMY!!!! :)
Even having the Flu, that looked so good.
So yummy I will try this Tuesday mmmh my mouths watering
Can you do some marabou jig fishing?
I hope you had a good vacation. This will be saved until next year when I can return to the waters this sounds like an excellent idea for using all of the bluegills and crappie that I catch
bro like honestly I love these vids you've earned ure dub 💯💯
They always look so tasty every time.
Great video! I hope someday I could try all of these recipes!
Once again you have made us laugh and hungry! My daughter and son sure had a laugh when you wanted to eat the filling! Thanks for the upload and the new recipe!
Bienvenido espero que hayas disfrutado tus vacaciones
why don't you like crappie
why don't you like crappie
Hey Juanelo, I was just wondering if you ever go fishing just for fun, not to keep. Or if the bite is really good but you have plenty of fish, you continue to fish but real ease what you catch
OMG MORE FINGER LICKING GOOD FOOD, AWSOME JOB!
Hope you had a good vacation.  What an awesome recipe.   Looks like some serious comfort food. Miss Lulu had a serious response tonight too.   I have to admit I think anybody who has been married can relate to her sentiment at least once in a while. lol
waiting for ur next video..luv watching it mr juanelo..send my regard to ur wife aka lulu cheek..hve a nice day sir
this recipe looks good i might try it i hope you get married to lulu and have a great future
Man that looks like so much fun..I love, love, love to catch panfish...I'm going to have to break down and do some next spring and give the catfish a break...Those were some fat bluegill my friend...Beautiful fish...I know there not your favorite but that Crappie was massive for sure...Green chiles and cheese with fish? Who would have thunk it, but it really looked tasty...I will try that with catfish first chance I get...Love to watch you doing your thing..You have so much fun, it brings a great big old smile to my face...Take care John...Will be looking forward to your next show my friend...  :)
nice big bluegill,crappie and pearch glad too see your back making videos.
Good to have you back,  Juanelo. I hope you had a great vacation. The fishing looked good. And the video was fun to watch. Thanks again for putting out such good stuff. Oh,  and the food looked great.  Good job!
have myself an 18ft lightweight aluminum boat, going to a cabin on a lake just off of the colorado river in AZ over thanksgiving, going to try to catch some striped bass and or some blue gil to eat! may look for one of your recipes to try out¡
I SMELL WHAT YOU COOKIN MY FRIEND VERY GOOD RECIPE! HOPE YOUR VACATION WAS AWESOME!
Welcome back!
I love these videos! Just shows that fishing and cooking can be enjoyed by all generations!
Sleeping on a Sunday wouldn't be complete without a master chef video. As good as always!
Watched the entire video without checking the time once! What a entertaining video, keep it up!!
I admit I was a little concerned when i saw the whipping cream poured in there but the end result looks as good as usual! I probably would have stopped at broiled fish too. It looked very good! Hope you enjoyed your trip
Welcome back. Hope the vacation went well.
I love the new video! It looks so great Juanelo!
I could find the name of the tripod do u know? Also happy your back from your trip love your videos
hi buddy, nice to see you back. hope you had a great vacation. take care and be safe.
Yep
Excellent video as usual!!!! Looks tasty!!! Jackson caught his personal best largemouth this weekend I posted it go and watch 👍😄
you should make a video of your equipment (bait, rod, reel, etc.) one day! love the channel keep it up!
juanlo you catch a lot of fish with artificial lurs but I got a turtle
What happened to  the craaaapy , what did you do feed em to the cat  ? Thank's John !!!!
Wow , Fish enchiladas now that's a keeper..looks tastey!
it looks very easy fishing at your Lake I need to come fish with you
Glad you're back! It's just not Sunday night without one of your videos!  I'm going to try this one for sure, looks amazing and I don't even care for fresh water fish!
hey Jaunelo! i hope you had a good vacation! i'm glad your back to fish for bluegill!
She is a smart girl. HAHA.
What is your favorite salt water fish
when you write the description do you just copy and paste because it seems like LOADS of work to type all that!
are there any trouts in the lake
yummy!  I'll have to try this one tomorrow. It looked delicious. Juanelo,  you should try New Mexico fresh green Chile for your Enchiladas next time. It is the best of the best 😊😊 thanks for sharing your recipe.
😛
You nasty
11:29 OMG JUANELO
Hope you enjoyed your vacation!
Look delicious love the videos
Is the lake actually named by native Americans? Great vid as usual.
Fishing+Cooking you got my sub, Two things i love more then anything! Found you're channel from our great friend Uncle Steve, i sure wish he would come back from Rip Van Winkle Mode ):
great
Hey Juanelo how was your trip? Hope you ate some fish while you were away. You went to New Orleans correct?
Man have I been waiting for this and it was again an amazing video with an amazing recipe
Your videos just make me happy. Inspires me to plan a trip to a pond or something with the lady and catch some pan fish and cook it when we get back home.
That "creamy" part was so funny.
OMG I LOVE YOUR FISHING VIDEOS will u be ice fishing soon in December
Juanelo how come you have to remove the crappie just wondering
I love your videos tfs😀
I am a bass angaler and in about 5-10 years I would fish that pond for the large mouth great video keep it up
Nice Video... Glad to see you back... Can't wait to try it. Have a good day!
Don't catch all them  They need to make beds and all such
First
Juanelo and Ms. Lulu are back!   My Sunday is complete.
First
I love shrimp enchiladas so ill have to try this sometime.
He's back.
yay 😊😊
Hi
1st
Hello
