I might use broad beans instead of peas. The flavour of peas never seems too good to me.
Teflon pan and masher? Please do not use these items, they are posionous and cause cancer!!!. The film 'Dark Waters' tells the story of Dupont and the grievous use of these products.  Other than that this recipe is definatly one I can't wait to try. xo
Go to Jail. Don't serve this to people. This is whitewashing and I find it atrocious
Tried making the tortillas and it was a nightmare. Nothing bubbled up, ended up with crusty flat slabs. Buy them from the shop!!
I love your passion for food!
Of course she is British,she just threw in greek cheese,a tortilla and spanish music and tried to pretend it was Mexican vibes.The ignorance.
This is what happens when you stay at a resort.
Omg 👍😋
she is my ex- boss, but could see from china, that tortila is raw!! undercooked
What the hell is this crap? Please tell me where in Mexico you'll find green peas, feta cheese, and mint in a quesadilla?
Trump won't be happy
I don't know how authentic or both this recipe is. All I know is i just made it and it was so delicious. Refreshing, summery, and unique. I would highly recommend it!
dont really  bother if it's actually Mexican style or not but it really looks tempting, fresh and healthy...
im.mexican and you will never see that in México😂
I sense angry Mexican
We Mexicans have never seen or eaten one of this :|
226 disliked were hungry!
She seems a bit too skinny :v Like. Quite underweight :/
Easy and delicious recipe! Thumbs up!
seriously what is the mass of gringo
Did she say 'hi 'f'youtube' ?😂
why is there a scary painting on the wall
Isn't that tortilla still raw? It seems to be raw and i think i have tried similar ways of making them without sucess.
Poor Tommi Miers should know you can't make any variation whatsoever on a traditional Mexican dish. As soon as you dare, sombreros and zarapes will flock around you, cursing you, telling you that's not authentic, that they prefer their quesadillas with that cheap aboniation we like to call manchego cheese (which, of course, is not real manchego, but who cares about authenticity).
where the fuck in mexico do they serve this crapadilla?
I made this for dinner tonight as our mint plant is still soldiering on outside and it was delicious! Thank you for the recipe!
Es una receta "inspirada" en la comida Méxicana, saben la diferencia entre comida "autentica" o "inspirada"? ok? ya cállense!!
Love this lady's cooking
What in the flying Hesmana?  Pea and mint quesadillas....... in Mejico?  For the love of God, no.  Ok, I'll give you props without the mint.  Ugh.
I don't normally like Peas but I will try this! Gracias.
Holy crap did moses split her teeth?
Does anyone think if it would be ok to make the dough at night and put it in the fridge so i can make fresh tortilla for breakfast?  Thanks
Does anyone think if it would be ok to make the dough at night and put it in the fridge so i can make fresh tortilla for breakfast?  Thanks
This really is something I want to try to make, looks so delicious:D
I tried this yesterday And it was delicious! Will probably try it again!
Looks delicious, but why the spanish flamenco music?
That looks sooo good even tho i know my mother won't eat it since its peas 😊 cant wait to try its new to me.
Omg her hands are so pink😂😂
Tommi Miers I made this yesterday, using the exact same filling, since i'm Greek and i love Feta and greeny stuff :).....it tasted amazing!! Bravo!!
multiple ethnic food = fusion.
I think you should've used corn flour for the tortillas; in my opinion real mexican quesadillas are made with  corn tortillas and not wheat tortillas.
You guys are fucking idiots who jump at any opportunity to whine. She's on about the tortillas and how they are authentic and mexican, not the filling.
I,m was reading all comments and feel very sad, because, she make and share our food and culture, and you only critic the ingredients, its sad  Thanks for make this dish, you are wellcome to mexico any times of you want
You can add wherever you like to quesadillas if you Want to add your mother it's fine 😂 My grandma made for dinner tomatoes, onion, Chile And peas. Thx for the recipe.
So Mexicans have issues understanding simple English.....she said: the perfect Mexican tortilla the type of street food snack that you can find in the markets of Mexico....she obviously means the tortilla...not the filling that can vary! It's sad to read all this rage for something beautiful made, like this snack...
Hey you really know your mexican food. I can tell you've been to Mexico, although i have never seen a Pea & Feta Quesadilla here I can tell you know what you're talking about.
Very "authentic", indeed...
I need this....
I would try this recipe with corn. I'm not into peas.
Love seeing that tortilla bubble up! The dish looks lovely and fresh.
1:48 "a slick of olive oil" on the floor
***** I was thinking of making these as part of a dinner party, but can't see how many people this serves! Any idea?
At 2:11 it should say "handful" not "handfull".
White People: OMG that looks amazing, im love it. blah blah blah  Mexicans: esta vieja no sabe cocinar comida mexicana,( This woman doesnt even know how to cook mexican food)
the only thing mexican in this video is NOTHING! 1. Thats not mexican music.  2. green peas, really? 3. fresh cheese?????? we have QUESO FRESCO.   i really hate when they have spanish music in "Mexican" videos.
I'm sorry I'm Mexican and lived all my life in Mexico and that is NOT Mexican food. You wouldn't find that anywhere in Mexico. I'm not saying it wouldn't taste good but don't call something that is clearly not from Mexico, Mexican.
Once again, another excellent personality on Food Tube with an amazing looking, simple dish that proves you don't need take out or fast food to eat quickly.  (I also love the measurement a slick of olive oil)
Can i get name of music in background?
Just made this - BEST quesadilla I have ever tasted. Thank you for the recipe, Tommi and Food Tube!
wow what a great idea and summerly recipe ! thanks for that ! like your presantation a lot - all the best from austria - robi
Everyone spreading negativity should just shut up ! Obviously this women knows a lot about cooking and loves it, so just enjoy her passion and stop educating her. Lovely recipe tommy, you are a true inspiration ! :)
That looks absolutely delicious! I can't wait to make this.
creepy portrait behind. hihihi. :D
ps queso fresco is almost impossible to get over here so I use feta instead or Lancashire is another good subsitute and much less salty.  Try Mrs. Kirkhams Lancashire - a deliciouly fresh cheese with moist crumb....
Thanks so much for watching this video compadres.  I know many of you are querying how 'authentic' this recipe is.  I try very hard NEVER to claim my food is 'authentic'.  I live far from the wild herbs, greens and vegetables of Mexico.  Far from the blue corn, the fresh cheese, the 200 varieties of chillies.  What I try to do is cook recipes using ingredients that are in season over here in ways that I have seen in Mexico.  This particular recipe was inspired by a small market I went to in the outskirts of Mexico City (that is about an hour away!).  The miztec woman was cooking gorditas in oil with a broad bean filling.  Her dough was made with white corn, an ingredient full of essential vitamins and minerals and much more savoury than sweetcorn - it makes the most amazing tortillas.  Sadly so hard to get over here but we are trying to work on it!  I use a recipe I found in Mexico for flour tortillas instead which is much easier to make at home.  And when broad beans are too old and bitter I use sweet, summery peas instead.  This is not 'authentic' but inspired by food I have eaten on my many trip to Mexico.  Thanks so much for watching.  tommi xxx
For how many tortillas is the dough?
Very nice but knead and handful are spelled wrong!
I wonder what else she uses that dildo shaped pepper shaker for.
Wow,  that looks totally unappetizing!  If you wanted summer flavor, grill some shrimp with paprika and garlic, slice some avocados and dab on some sour cream and wrap in tortilla  The only way I could wash down the peas is with gallons of beer
If you look at just the ingredients you would think you're watching a gennaro video
Feta and mint? Seems a bit Greek inspired.
I mean, this looks pretty good but I don't know if I've ever seen mint or peas anywhere in Mexican food... (not that I'm the authority)
She looks sick. Is everything alright?
this just goes about like 'white woman bastardizes culture she didn't care to fully learn about' tbh. dislike
isnt it pronounced kay-suh-deia????
So easy to make, fantastic veggie recipe! Wonderful and super healthy ingredients, tasty, crunchy, with the creamy filling, feta cheese is delicious, salty and fresh. Thank you for sharing with us Tommi Miers!
Yum
no insects this time?
Second time I comment because of the same thing.  Mexico != Spain  What's the point of the Spanish flamenco music in a Mexican recipe video?
White people always try to recreate Mexican dishes but can't. A for effort though. If you want authentic Mexican food then visit Mexico or go to an actual Mexican restaurant not Taco Bell.
As a Mexican I can assure you WILL NOT find these anywhere in Mexico.... Where do you people get those weird ideas from?
What is this?
I bet she has smoked peyote at some point
that is wrong on so many levels. it's like, bitch you can't even pronounce Quesadilla, at least admit it's not the real deal! And you put the salsa inside not on top!   also, you can't tell me that first tortilla wasn't burnt. that brown looked toasty, you have to flip em around, and ffs don't but oil en el comal! there's just too many things that are wrong here.
Hi, how long should the dough rest??
Who tf wants a pea quesadilla? White people ruin everything
Brilliant recipe love Tom mires
Thats such an odd combination. I use the same method but fill them with chicken/chorizo, relish, veggies and cheddar/Edam cheese. So so good!
"passionate about spice and Mexican food..." which is why she took out the spice and Mexican food. got it
Oh man!!! i looks exquisite and I love her diastema!!!
Looks like Lena Headey
These look great, we just love feta cheese so delicious!
Hey! I just love the recipes I have to try it! And can U please make honeycomb and some recipes with it! Thanx a lot I hope u see this comment and reply! Thanx again! :)
1:49 don't slip on that slick of olive oil ;)
Probably a pseudo posh english twist to mushy peas with greek cheese, flour( not proper corn flour) tortilla, very possible indian chilly and spanish music. What is not to like about it?. I'll give it a whirl myself  and see...
HOW DARE YOU MAKE SOMETHING CREATIVE AND DELICIOUS LOOKING WHILE USING THE FRAMEWORK OF A TRADITIONAL DISH. WHY DOESN'T EVERYONE JUST MAKE THE SAME RECIPES WE HAVE BEEN USING FOR CENTURIES INSTEAD OF TRYING NEW THINGS!!!!!!!11!!!!!
Looks great! Such a fan of quesadillas!
I just made these yamiiiii
Pea mint and feta are NOT a common combo in mexico and are not sold around here as common street food...so idk what shes talking about
Totally agree that nothing says summer more than pea and mint! Love the sound of these!
There's nothing Mexican about this, except the tortilla. Don't get me wrong, it looks okay. But call it what it is.
wow. that probably tastes horrible
Why is everyone trying to put peas in Mexican dishes? First some wacko said to put peas in guacamole now this... sorry last time you made some other dish (I think it was carnitas or something) and it was almost spot-on. This is just weird... plus, I've made tortillas since I was a kid with my grandma and mom and that dough looked like stiff chewing gum when you broke a piece off of it 😂... and feta as a substitute for queso fresco... fresh cheese has a very mild taste... I wouldn't have minded if you'd presented this as your take on a quesadilla but you said that this was how they sold it on the streets here. Nope. Try flor de calabaza, cuitlacoche, even mushrooms for God's sake 😂
Oh c'mon guys!. Im mexican as well and I love her recipes! ,  I like how she makes a twist in recipes and make them wanna try it!.  She obviously knows how to make guacamole and stuff like that, but for that you can take a look of the 26394+  videos on youtube or ask the recipe to your mama/abuela.   What makes it interesting is exactly how to turn the mexican food to another level. Be more open minded and stop hating!.  And btw, in my family we do eat fresh cheese. Even though its a little bit dangerous because of all the bacteries (cheese is not processed as the others) , but still good.
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY NOT MEXICAN!
'Kneed for about 10 minutes'? Whoever makes these videos, can you please at least check your spelling? I'm pretty sure this lady did not use her knee on anything for ten minutes, except perhaps for standing and bending, but you do not say she 'kneed' anything because of those actions.
It's definitely a quesadilla, but it ain't authentic. Don't call things authentic  when they aren't. Simple.
I will trying this recipe....looked absolutely brilliant!
and that music in the back is spanish not mexican >:(
Could I use cotija?
pinche señora osicona eso no lo hacen aqui!
that tortilla looked raw still. You shouldnt need to oil the pan when making them either. I never do
no mexicans ever in their history have made a quesadilla with peas! also they never put oil in the comal for flour tortillas.
Lemme just throw this olive oil all over my kitchen. Authentic? Nah. I'm sure it tastes great, but no--not authentic. S'about as British as a 'Mexican' dish can be. "I'm passionate about spice and Mexican food." yeah okay.
London Look
Chicharitos! Ay que rico! My parents always used lard for their tortillas too.
peas and feta in a quesadilla?  no thanks.
Queso Fresco is always available at the HEB.
Get the London look
You love ur peas
Shallots, peas, mint, and feta in a Mexican Queso?  Uh... huh. Sure. What a moron.
Ahh, that looks mouthwatering , a must try. Thank you for sharing !!!
WHY. DO. YOU. PUT. MINT. IN. EVERYTHING!?
I thought flour tortillas was an american thing?
These white chefs trying to whitewash all ethnics food by calling them authentic even tho it tastes like socks.
that tortilla looks more like a chapati..
Hey, When did you add mint in it?? I think you forgot to add that. Lol
Never trust a skinny chef. (Btw... Lard? That's f*cking gross!!!)
I am sure that those tortillas taste bad... i lived where the original tortillas of flour are made and they are really good, but that's no the way to do it
Mint and pea in Mexico???  With feta???  Really???
all these mexicans trying to sound smart here... even in the smallest of countries, some dishes have hundreds of variations, mexico is a big fucking piece of land, you didnt hear and never will about every single variation of quesadillas
we want more Mexican food!
We call this KALANA in our country
This dish is more Mediterranean or Middle Eastern.  Just switch the tortilla for flatbread or pita and its straight up Greek.  No peas in Mexican cuisine.  Mint is rarely used, especially in cheese dishes.  And that cheese may be kinda close to cotija, but that would only be used as a topping on a dish, like on tacos, not in a quesadilla.  Oaxacan (like stringy mozzarella) or queso fresco for quesadillas, maybe some nopales (cactus)...  Mmm...  That'd be Mexican.  This looks delicious.  Just don't go calling this authentic.
Feta is NOT mexican btw lol... -_- how are you having a white woman that obviously knows nothing about Mexico teach the internet how to cook REAL mexican food. Mexican food is delicious, that looks kinda nasty. She should have made fajitas with roasted bell peppers onion and cheese or something else
More Greek than Mexican
This looks delicious! I love Mexican-inspired food and as I'm vegetarian I'm excited to try this one.
Beautiful dish and i will try it at home but that is not Mexican.
but feta is greek, it is not a "fresh mexican cheese" it comes from greece.  just sayin'
1) The music sounds Andalusian, and while I loved it, something more traditional would be appreciated. 2) Queso Fresco is super easy to make. I think the viewers would appreciate it. 3) Flour tortillas are a Tejano and North Mexican thing, so why not leave that part out and focus on the Quesco Fresco which is easy and tasty! 4) Try emphasising that it is inspired. I watch a Mexican youtuber make asian dishes all the time. I never get angry, because she doesn't try to pass her take off as "a proper authentic" dish. It's just that the world tries to pass off a very rich and diverse food culture off as these few basic items. We want the opportunity to show case the beauty the country holds in its food culture.
Did you not her the memo after the pea guacamole fiasco at the new York times?
Всех красивых в средние века церковь считала ведьмами, вот их и жгли на кострах, теперь в Англии одни "красавицы", тоже самое с неграми в США, выживали самые крепки и сильные люди.
Haha, feta for the win!!! Our cheese beats the rest!!! #proud_to_be_greek Also, this isnt such of an interesting dish, because we cook the peas, serve them in a dish with some feta along the side with some slices of bread. You just wrapped that thing on a tortilla, like a burrito. No way, man!!! #just_greek_things P.S.: How much does our feta cost in the abroad? Because, I am curious about for how much our people are negociating its price to be sold for.
This is a lovely idea and it looks really nice. However, it is not authentic mexican food....just saying xx
No offense but lot of the stuff that you say you're making Mexican food isn't really Mexican.
Eso no es mexicano en lo absoluto, ni siquiera una variante de algo mexicano.
The quality control was a bit off with the recipe captions on this one: "kneed"; "handfull"...
Lmfao I don't need to be Mexican to know a mint, pea and feta filling for quesadillas doesn't exist...
love Quesadillas
I'm mexican and I'm not here to complain how this is not mexican at all. Actually I really liked it, it is a recipe from my country but with a british twist. Actually if you have used beans instead peas it would have been GLORIOUS! And please try to make corn tortillas instead of flour tortillas, you can buy "Maseca" and the preparation is really easy and the taste is not as good as corn tortillas in Mexico but still. They sell it in "Wahaca" restaurants in London, idk if they sell it in all but i saw it there because the flour tortilla is just typical in few states in the north of the country, is more typical the corn tortilla for any meal or quesadilla, just a suggestion anyway i'm gonna try this new of quesadilla filler :)
Authentic????? I've never seen that dish anywhere in mexico. lol
Yeah, I have to agree with everyone here. Mexican on deck and never in my life have I seen a tortilla made like that, nor with peas and much less feta cheese, which is an expensive commodity one can only get at import markets. Quesadillas are made with mushrooms, maize fungi called huitlacoche, pumpkin flowers, quesillo, or nopales (cacti). But, fine, keep on reinventing "Mexican food".
Anyone else noticed the olive oil escaping of the bottle at 1:50 ??! xD Btw, never seen a mix of olive oil and butter before. But the recipe still sounds good ! :)
I want to know where I can find that in Mexico cuz I've never seen them :p
Hmm interesting.
Dislike for the guitar music and "Mexican" food
She should visit Mexico first before making any "Mexican quesadilla". Js.
Where do you get all these nice music ?:)
get your facts right, nobody sells quesadillas with peas or Feta cheese in Mexico
Tortillas with lard?:D
That picture in the backround is freaking me out
Well, I am Mexican and I think this would be nice twist to my "everyday" quesadillas... I'll give it a try! 😊
This is nice, but it is not traditional mexican filling.  I am going to make the tortilla, but with butter instead of lard.  #savethepigs
She's lovely
idgaf about these idiots, traditional or not it looks unbelievable. making this in the future `for sure
"Mexican" 😂😂 right
Hay que poner música andaluza? Mejico no es España This music is from Spain, not mexico (center america)
She never said this was authentic. Everyone calm down
She co-founded a Mexican restaurant but still thinks that a pea and feta quesadilla I Mexican lol something doesn't make sense here
Ok, it's shal-lot not sha-lut, and can I substitute whale blubber for the lard.
I'm sorry sweetpea but calling it a quesadilla doesnt make it mexican food or style.
Im Mexican. And i have never seen this type of quesadilla. Fist of all we rarely used peas in our cuisine. second the cheese she used is wrong we like "queso fresco" and "queso Oaxaca" . The only authentic thing was the tortilla.     I appreciate that they do videos from Mexican food, but I feel they should research more to know what is the real Mexican food
It looks like a quesadilla, and I bet it must taste good, but that filling is not Mexican at all, I understand that there may not be fresh cheese in the UK. But what about onions? We don't use scallions, or peas, or mint to fill a quesadilla ever. It looks interesting though. I'll give it a try
How do you slap down the tortia and miss the center of the pan......
Tommi Miers is amazing! Her videos are so great <3
What Mexican food ever uses feta? I want my street tacos with queso blanco not some greek cheese. And also no shallots please get some cebollas
Beautiful eyes she has
I didn't enjoy the way she talks. Very annoying. In every sentence "lovely", "There it goes", etc etc... She has a very simple and informal language.
She knows Mexico is not the same country as Greece, right?
Exquisita quesadilla. Thank you
Fact: you will never find this kind of quesadillas in Mexico's streets, trust me I've lived here all my life...
Do elk quesadillas next.
What a liar this woman is. What part of Mexico did you go to? Mint pea filling? Haha  Obviously this video is for non-mexicans.
Thanks for the recipe, it looks gorgeous. But plz, Why do you put flamenco (spanish music) while doing a mexican dish? xD
Where in Mexico will you find peas in quesadillas? I've been to many parts of Mexico and I haven't see this garbage.
"...and I'm passionate about mexican food!" * Plays Spanish music on the background and cooks something any mexican has eaten before.
The flour tortilla with lard..spot on, but please do not label this recipe as authentic Mexican cuisine, perhaps A British interpretation with local ingredients used creatively, but not Mexican. Having said this, I might give it a try.
that painting behind her is a little bit unsetteling
Amazing and so simple! Can't wait to give this a try!
i have never heard that they sell that around mx ??? trust me that does not exist in mx we have aguacate and queso panela! i wish you knew the real Mexican dishes and ingredients! you can say you got inspired by a mx recipe called quesadilla and making your own twist to it but don't say we sell that cuz we don't. or pls pls tell me in what part of mexico they sell it so i can see it for my self
Looks delish! Throw in some avocado and I think it would taste amazing on toast, maybe with a poached egg on top.
Awesome! Such a great video! So cool to see how a tortilla is made! Definitely giving this a try!x
While this looks tasty, it's not mexican. I'm mexican and i have never seen peas in real mexican food.
She just said a cooking utensil tastes great?...
Looks delicious 😋
One of the few cooking videos that tell you to not put metal in non stick pans. Following that rule will save you a lot of trouble.
mmm yeah, in mexico we never use peas or feeta
I'm Mexican and I can tell you you won't find a peas and feta quesadilla anywhere in Mexico.
what is lard and what can I replace it with?
Pee and mint .. i heard it every time! :D sorry
Ummmm yea we dont use peas in mexico or feta cheese
Do you have a recipe for that salsa?
That picture in the background looks realy creepy
But... we don't put peas in almost anything. :/  I can't even remember the last time my mom put any peas in anything unless it was making an American spin on some soup.  Edit: Still looks good though. Just saying.
YOU NEED TO TRY FETA ON TOAST WITH BUTTER IT'S AMAZING I SWEAR
Never heard of this combination, but it looks super fresh and vibrant! Definitely gonna give it a try.
these look great.
