I'm electrician interested....
brilliant
I would glue the elbow last, after the wire is pulled through😬
Thanks
No sand to cover conduit pvc ?
Should be Sch. 80!
1:16...what code book are you using that says you don't have to glue them? 110 says you must install according to manufacture's instructions.Also, don't forget the layer of sand above and below the pipes to protect them.
Did they catch any trout?
In some places, you are required to run a layer of tape ( think " Police line, do not cross" ) about 6 inches below the surface and above the buried lines. This is in case anyone digs there; they are warned by the tape that something is directly below.
Howdy. Totally great. In my mind. Another way would be to first unroll the wires along the trench. Then run the pipe segments on. Connect the segments and drop the completed piping into the trench. And also in my mind. Always pull in another string or rope alongside the wires for possible future need. Finally in my mind. I would have used 4 inch piping. Way easier to pull the wires through. Also room for future needs. High regards.
What do you do if you don’t have power on site for a shop vac?
Where is your ground wire. I see two blacks which will be your hot conductors that will be fed by a 2 pole breaker from the primary panel and a black conductor with a stripe which identifies that wire as your neutral. Where's your ground wire? You should have had 1 pulled in with the tri-plex. Your ground rods, if you drive 3 of them at the building, are not acceptable for grounding panel.They are called grounding electrodes for protection from lightning.
so many code violations
NEVER USE PRIMER ON RIGID NONMETALLIC TUBING.
I have read Yes and No on Primer use on conduit. Since it's not holding water or any pressure, primer may not need to be used. But nothing wrong in an extra step. And Five Stars on that trick with the Shop Vac. I am running 2"  PVC conduit from my radio tower to the radio shack (90') and now I know how I'm going to get that pull string through the conduit to pull the rope and coax with. Thanks so much for that.
So you buried the romex. Can I bury my 6 awg romex in pvc?
You sound really pretty
Very cool idea on pulling the wire👍
Enjoyed the video, cool trick with vac and string.I have to run 350ft of wire I will try that
The USA needs more Mom's like you !
What’s the point of the white string?
You PVC and wires cost $400?
Dear viewers, the conduit would be substandard in some locations. Too small, usually 3" or 4" conduits are required with 36" sweeps at the riser and turns and 24" of cover over the pipe. Consult your local power company for their service trench specs. Some companies require a mandrel test with an empty conduit.
You need 4 wires (2 hot + neutral + ground) not 3 like in this video, $400 was 8 years ago now is about $2,200 material only. 2 1/2 conduit $65 each + 4/0 wires  $1,500
The string trick is really neat. Thank you for sharing.
Shop vac FTW!
soooo...it took the girls about 750 years to do all that digging right ? they did an awesome job ;) good work.. did you say the ground shifts?
Best video ever, simple and to the point.
Final job looks very nice but that must of been a lot of digging by shovel!
The vacuum trick to pull leader string is good, but on an open trench situation like this where you are putting cable inside the conduit and then burying it, I found it to be a whole lot simpler to lay out the cable and then just fit  the Sch40 PVC over the cable one segment at a time.
That Vacuum trick tho
Awesome video and you posted on my birthday.  Thank you.  Keep the great content coming.
This video save me a lot of work thank you
Wow so amazing 😀says no electrician ever. Lol
Good work
wow,the cost of things today...just the WIRE for 100' for 100amp is $350, conduit is $379 for $100 ft.
You did not have to run conduit
Is this quad wire or not ?
You must have 4 wires ok
No PVC REQUIRED I MEANT FOR DIRECT BURIAL WIRES OK
No off required for direct burial cables ok
Don't make it hard girls you don't need off if you run directly burial approved ok
18 inches to top of pipe
Hooray for the girls awesome lol
Watching this just so happens I’ve got a 120’ run coming up and this with some of the comments to make the job easier and more protective of my 4/0-4/0-2/0 casing I’m hoping 2” schedule 40 pvc pipe will do the job then coming out of the ground on both of coarse schedule 80 I know it’s not an easy task so informative videos like this help a lot not to mention a few helpful comments …. Thank y’all !
I'm seeing you pull the wire through the conduit now and I don't see a ground wire with that you are required to pull a ground wire then put a ground rod at the barn according to code or don't you use codes in your state
You cannot use a 90-degree water fitting for electrical you need to use a inch-and-a-half 90° sweep for electrical wiring how the heck do you expect to pull the wire through that tight fitting
Great instructional video. Its great to see women/family as DIYers.  Gender and age does not matter regarding the will and desire to become proficient with a learned skill. Its a gratification that is both rewarding and satisfying of your endless possibilities.  Being self-sustaining has its advantages. Thanks for the video.
It is also a good idea (even if not always required) to run warning tape a foot above the conduit as you back fill the trench.
You can use a plastic bag when sucking that string through as well. Its an awesome trick.
Someone should show them the knot to use when pulling wire where no tape is necessary. That would really have saved this project at least half a day 😂
Awsome.  Now file for divorce and it's all yours.
Enjoyed your video. Awesome to see a family working together
"Unique"😂
Wonder why schedule 80 above ground, it's thinner than 40.  Great job and love the rope workaround of a long fish tape.
Mule Tape is less expensive than Poly rope and safer as it wont burn through the PVC.  Higher-strength as well.
The girls are the stars of this video 🥰
That's good
There's a reason why they went with 2in conduit , the next size more than doubles the price at 2.5  You can pay $21 a stick or $45 lol
Very cool... implementing the string/rope/wire pull today. But you must live in another world... I was at $400 just for the wire to deliver 60A service to my shed!
You made a very educated helpful video 🙏♥️🙏
LOVE the vacuum/string/rope idea! Even I can do that! BTW, I'm envying your butter-soft dirt. I live on rocky-boulder terrain that necessitates a jackhammer just to dig a single hole. My shovel still looks brand new after 5 years because it's useless, lol! Thank you so much!
Genius on vac! Thank you!!!
To blow in a line, use a plastic grocery bag. They shoot through like crazy.
There is no "do it yourself". This needs to be done by a qualified professional.
Use cable pulling lube.... makes it really easy & the lube does not attack the plastic.
For future reference, the rope pull is unnecessary. You can just slide the pipe right over the wire for each section then glue each section then drop the pipe down into the trench. 👍🏼 Good work tho
I looked for some buriable electrical at my local Home Depot but I couldn’t find any. How does one pull buriable electrical? Do you mean cables?...conductors?...wires?
Worms don’t have eyes.
why not lay the wire out along the trench slide the pipe over the wire as you go . No need for string or rope , just an observation . Great job
It looks like sandy soil, a trench that long in central new your rock area would take 3 weeks.  Nice video
I'm doing my house and 40 feet at 22 inches allowed me a slight leveling bed of sand then conduit with 18" of actual cover which is code where I am in California.  40 feet " kicked me arse" but I am almost 60. I spent 5 hours digging and since it's a joint trench with 3 runs about 2 hours installing by my self by center loading the trench so I could pull. The next two hours were a mixture of beer and ice packs. 100 feet is mighty impressive. But was it inspected? I fear I've been out done by the little ones 😊
2" schedule 40?
god I wish we had that kind of ground in Phoenix.
nice job!!
The little girls, at the beginning, are super-cute... but what's beyond cute is that this is EXACTLY how to raise kids to become "can-do" adults!! Very nice!
What size cable did you use,alum or copper?
what type of wire you burried. thanks
Always go larger on your conduit, it makes life a lot easier.
The vac idea is a pro tip nice!
Recently I was quite desperate to work out how to push the reticulation cables through about 15 metres of poly pipe. We had tried a few things, nothing worked and tempers began to flare. I turned to You Tube for inspiration and luckily saw this video before looking too far. When I suggested it to the  males (husband and male neighbour), they accepted the idea with some skepticism but it worked beautifully and what we had tried for hours to do was completed within 10 minutes. So a very big thank you from me in Perth, Western Australia.
Hope the inspector saw the depth of the trench first lol
This video sucked.
What size wire is that &,for how many amps ?
Although 90 degrees PVC fitting should be at least a 90° degrees sweep instead of a 90° Sharp
You must have got a killer deal on the wire!!!  Great job BTW
electrician here.... word of wisdom..... homeowners I recommend not doing your own electrical work.
Great tip. I can't believe those kids were able to dig that trench with those plastic shovels.
18 inches to top of conduit, so 2 inch pipe should be dug at least 20 Inches. Also I use a hot box instead of 45s and sometimes 90s depending on size of pipe. It eliminates coupling spots where your pull may hesitate. Looks good though
The point of the LONG bell ends on the conduit are for expansion and contraction. No need to glue them.
This was is an excellent video, thank you for sharing it,  I have a similar project coming up so this information will really help.
Thanks
Y didn’t u pull the wire all the way through? Sweeps were to small ?
How far can I pull 2/2/4 power cable  ? My shop is 230 ft from exsiting breaker box
Great video thanks for sharing
FYI, my rental place rents on Saturday and gives the Sunday rental free; retuned on Monday start of business.   I can’t imagine deciding to do a project like this without a couples days forethought
A 110 foot long, 18 inch deep trench was dug by one person in one day? Riiiiiiiight
that 45 elbow sweep should not be used but should have a mild long turn and just bend the conduit easier to pull the wire if ever needed to
How.many feet is that and did you connect it to the metter box?  I have my meter at the corner of my property and I want to move it in atleast 300 in to the center of the land. Will it push all the power 300 ft.?
Love the rag with the shop vac trip! Thanks for posting.
The string and shopvac trick was genius. Props to whoever came up with that idea.
Loved the shop vac idea to pull the string through!
What is a shop vac?
Add air conditioning, water heater, welder, and suddenly 200 amps do not look as much as before. I agree work was well done and it passed inspection. Putting underground feed inside conduit is safety and durability. Surprisingly shallow trench, no warning tape, no ground wire (?), no sand (a tip off conduit is there, or as some homeowners do it, a pressure treated board on top of the top layer of sand. The point it is it functional. Ground wire surprises me...that it passed inspection.
About time some one mentioned use SCH 80 pvc coming out of ground.... :)
Thank you so much. Really helped with our garden project! I dug a trench and put some ducting pipe in, slabbed over it, this was a really easy way to get my electrical wire through! Thank you!!
What size wire did you use? And is it more cost effective to go with the braided wire or doing single runs?
What size wire was that you use?
lol. I thought that the girls, in the beginning, were drunk adults.
I dont know if it is a good idea to dig next to the transformer
Check out my latest video “HOW TO PULL WIRES WITH NO HELP “. https://youtu.be/x8ZDG5s-AtM
wow, you must have easy soil to dig, ours is full of soft ball and bowling ball sized river rocks embedded in clay, it would take two days to dig that trench for two people and then back surgery after.   Nice job.  I'm jealous of your soil.
Is this an idea from the girls about the vacuum? I’m doing mine soon, so this is very clever unless you spend $100 for an electrical snake.
Beets extension cords, nice job! I would like to think I could do my barn in one day for $400 but my project is at least $700 and only time will tell?
Did you run your cable line thru there as well? Thanks!
Funny i didnt think of a vacuum when i did mine. I did the opposite and blew it through with a compressor, worked great also . Nice video, ty ,good job.
Great work. Thank you for the knowledge sharing.
what do you want with PCV, god bless the little girls they are adorable
That is very good idea. 😉
Great idea but those are laterals think you can buried without pipe always good to play it safe how many feet was that from house?
Wow!
The electrical inspector must not be familiar with the NEC. Several code issues here.  Depth, conduit fill, no 4th wire.
For those watching the conduit will actually bend.  You don’t need those bends usually.  Sometimes a little heat might be needed.  It much easier to pull through.
Amazing job!
Great job. But i think you are missing the ground wire. Thats require for a sub panel boxes.
save some time skip the primer....
Great video. To the point & educational. About to do about 180’, from the house to the new workshop.
1:00 honestly, for 100 feet that was insane to not rent a trencher.  Even if you couldn't on Sunday.  But....ehh....to each his own.  I'd have waited for the next day and did something else, it just is SO INCREDIBLY inefficient to dig a trench by hand.   AHHHHH.....STOP MAKING UNNECESSARY COMMENTS ON THE INTERNET, JOHN!!  IF YOU DON"T HAVE ANYTHING NICE TO SAY, DON'T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL!! WHEN WILL I LEARN!?!?!
Let’s learn how to install underground electrical wire from a woman that hasn’t a clue “a unique way to install our string” geeee thanks genius, it’s been done thousands of times the tissue would be called a bird but you should’ve just blown jet line or muell tape through in the first place. And your installing cable, wire would be UF but that’s underground cable
Can you put Southwire (By-the-Foot) 8/3 Stranded Romex SIMpull CU NM-B W/G Wire underground in a Grey PVC pipe?
I am an electrical contractor and while over all you did a fine job I would like to leave a few comments for others that might be contemplating a similar project.   Code is actually 18" of cover on top of the conduit not just a ditch 18" deep under a driveway 24" of cover is required which includes the thickness of your pavement. That is National Electric Code article 310.5.    You passed your inspection so no harm no foul and it is highly unlikely anything will aver be an issue.    PVC cement is a requirement not an option.    A baggie tied like a balloon with a hole near the back works great with shop vac also.   Conduit is typically completely installed before blowing or sucking the string and pulling the wire.    Getting individual strands of XHHW AL is typically less expensive than twisted cable and easier to pull.    I would also avoid the factory 45 in the middle of the run it makes the wire pull easier if you had cut the corner of the ditch off a little 2" PVC would wrap around it easily. We typically dig the ditch as strait as possible to avoid that kind of thing. When we have to wrap a curve like that we will glue  several sections together and leave them in the sun for a couple of hours while digging to make it easier to wrap the curve.
You have a good man to hand dig that all alone. I had to do 50 ft in rocky soil with huge concrete chunks, im still not even 24inches deep yet.......serenity now! We had to do 250 ft too, we got a ditch witch for that and im glad we did.
Really good video 👍 I also have a video about this toppic in my channel  . Please check my video and follow me and let me know what is your opinion? 😉 Thanks
Ingenious!!! 🧐🧐
Wow get to the point
Wow the shop vac technique was really smart! Hopefully you post some more informational videos related to building stuff IAM subscribed now
I read some of these comments and I think those clowns should just stay home and be quiet. Many others are correct, and very technical. In the end, the Inspector (AHJ), and the Power Company, have final, undisputed say, over what is acceptable. You had both of them on your side. Very nicely done. You, the Trench Digger, and the Helpers are 100%. I am an EE of 41 years, electrical contractor for 30 of those.
That was serious work for one day. I liked the shop vac idea. I have a similar project coming up. 100ft, maybe direct bury 8g or conduit. Right now ( spring) the ground is very wet. I'm going to try knocking in an 18in. spade and just wedge open the ground. I seen a guy do it on YouTube, fast and no digging. Nice job you have done
Handy women  Big turn on for me. My lady is dumb
Thanks
You could have saved money you dont need to used direct burial cable inside PVC. Also, you didn't run a ground wire, and technically according to the NEC the conduit must be completed prior to pulling the cable through. Master electrician here not busting your balls though typical DIY electrics.
O MAN,  IM TIRED
why did you have to have sch 80 sticking up? what were u gonna connect to it? also were u using sch 80 the whole time or what kind of conduit were u using?
The safety and quality the work the more project you get,
Awesome video, just a tip for if or when you do it next time: when you tie the rope on to make it more secure in case of some resistance after the end is tied onto the cable a couple of half hitch knots will help the rope stay on the wire especially if you know you’re going to experience so hard pulling or long distances. Works on any size wire and conduit. Love the video.
Your husband must be Paul Bunyan to dig that trench by hand in a few hours! Jesus H Christ. Maybe you just have real soft soil. Great vid thanks!
good working. if you want to make more things please come on our channel. we are try to make for your helpful content.
where did you get that wire
man ! good housewife!
I didn't see a ground wire(green), the pipe has to be completed, glued first, inspected and buried (usually) not griping just saying as an electrical contractor I have to do all this.
Electrical pipe uses specific glue with no need for primer .
18 inches? Must be nice, my power co. made me bury mine 36 inches!
1:13 since when is it an option to glue. you did good gluing as i believe its required regaedless
Way to raise the girls! I wish I would have instilled physical work in my 2. Great job. But the next time glue all the joints first and bury the conduit. The pipe seals better and it's easier to pull. But still great job!
I know a girl that can replace that shop vac. She is available for hourly work. Hmmmm
Good job. I was an electrician for 20+ yrs. We did it the same way. The small is called a pull string and tying it to a grocery store plastic bag works good. We used to call it "casper on a line" because people use the same idea to make Halloween decorations. A little more of a pointed serv (build a cone out of your where you tie it on ) will help and always pull into the bell of the conduit. All said, you did a great job.
I guess it's code in your area not to have inspections done to write
I like your voice
A text book pull, and a very neat job. One little tidbit of advice is when the pulling gets really hard on long runs, or lots of turns, use dish detergent ( like Dawn). Use full strength. Just rub it on the wire as you feed it through and it makes the job a lot easier. Good video.
I rented a fishing tape reel.  I found it and only it had the necessary stiffness to pass through the conduit.
Shouldn't that had been 4 conductors​ to your subpanel?
Do you need a special rope or connector to pull. Running 200amp from transformer to breaker box, 250' in 2" pvc
Dont they make direct burial cable. Most cables direct from the power company are dirct burial with just a peice on conduit at the end. If its buried the proper depth I doubt anything will ever reach it. If it did I dont think and pipe would save it.
Conduit should have 18" of cover . . . therefore the trench must be deeper than 18".
$400.00? I have work for you. Lots of work.
Lot of haters and angry men telling this "girl" how its done.... She did fine!
It's interesting to see a woman do this kind of job.
The shop vac was a very suck sessful idea.
no I'm not an electrician but I did stay at a holiday in Express last night
روعه
That was an awesome idea with using a vacuum to get the small rope through....good stuff....subscribed!
BRILL CHEERS
Hi sir l need job in electric panel industry help me l leave in new York usa my email nabas86@outlook.com thank you
a humble suggestion.  put some ground pike along the trench to mark the locaton of the cable. just in case if there is any necessary to dig the ground for obvious reason, such as adding water pipe or cable repair. no one will hit the cable and get a nasty electric shock.
What was the point of putting URD in a pipe?
Code is 18 inches to the top of the pipe you where about 3 inches shallow. You know you could have heated the pipe and formed it would have made it easier to pull the wire than using 90s.
LMFAO doofy ass diyers.. wowwwwww im super impressed
I really appreciate it... I have my own barn project now !! =)
Excellent trick with the shop vac!  You just saved me a lot of hassle. ;)
What about just burying a SWA?
Tips:  1)  Before sucking string through freshly glued PVC, use shop vac to blow air through the conduit for a minute or so to evacuate the fumes from the glue.  Can tell you from experience that the shop vac can explode within seconds after sucking fumes into canister and hitting motor.  Quite a boom. 2)  Avoid using factory sweeps when possible.  The conduit is flexible enough to "cold bend" around turns up around 45 degrees.  Avoid using factory couplings whenever possible.  They are the weak link in the conduit system. 3) When pulling heavy pulls through 90 degree PVC sweeps, be sure not to use twisted rope.  It can cut through the inside bend of the 90 (think of each twisted rope segment like a sawblade, then add heat from friction and pressure).  Use woven rope or install galvanized rigid sweeps with PVC female adapters both ends.
The trick with the vacuum is something professionals do all the time when running underground, it'll go around corners and everything. Small plastic bags work very well for it.   Another tip, the strength of electrical tape is not from the adhesive but from it's elasticity. When taping wire on to your pull cord/rope it's best to stretch the tape as much as possible with out snapping it. For that reason electrical tape is best applied warm not cold. It also is helpful to stagger the wires when taping them so that the 'head' is more tapered rather than blunt.  And don't tie a knot in your rope, you'll thank me later.  One final quip: When you use a full roll of electrical tape on a single pull then you can say you've used a lot of electrical tape. :D
I would have not wasted time doing any of that.  I would have loaded that barn full of solar panels and let it make it's own power using panels, batteries and a nice charge controller.  For the $400 spent, you could have bought two 100 amp hour batteries for the solar charging station.
Suggest:. (1) duct tape (stronger) to hold wire to the rope, (2) use tape to make the tips of the wire cone shaped, (3) pre-plan so you are feeding the wire tips into the tapered bell ends, doesn't get caught on the square ends of the conduit.
Thanks a lot for an idea with the vacumCleaner!!! I will use this lifehack in a few days while making a similar project ;)
I want to see a video of your hubby digging that trench. That's some serious work.
you are supposed to glue inside and outside the join
You must glue or water gets in...
Vac is cool but just feed wires as you connect pvc pieces.
yea bury it deep enough otherwise in winter the electricity will freeze
Where is the caution tape .by the code have to be place at 1 foot deep at top of the buried conduit, and have to provide a sand bed to the conduit and cover a little  to avoid accidental damage by sharp rocks
he said HOT WATER HEATER! why would you heat hot water? DUH
If that trench was not a minimum of two feet deep that would be illegal here in Australia.
just one quastion , why the power sorce is too far from ur place ? and why don't u guys get light poles all over ur land , incase u want to plant ur frontyard ,what u gonna do ? there is a cable inside ur land u can not farm it , otherwise u will damage the cable.
good team , maybe bigger companies will hire them , i mean the sweet grils, to dig an oil wells, hahaha, thanks
nice work
You require a ground wire in the conduit which is insulated
Thanks for the video.  That is some seriously heavy cable.  What will you be using that pulls 200 amps?
Your hubbie is THE Man!  A real digging machine!  As for myself, I am extremely allergic to shovels, can't get near one.
Well produced and good info. Thanks for the video!
what size wire is that? I want to put 100amp panel in my detached garage...do you think I should use the same size wire... would probably run about 30ft of wire... any help would be appreciated
forgot WARNING metal tape!.. excellent video!
En todos lados. Tiene ke ser 80. Y 18. De profundo    Y no avia nesesitas de ponerle un 30. La pipa es flexible si se podía aser todo  derecho
It's also code to fully assemble the conduit, then pull the wire.
Very nice video and thanks for sharing. Please checkout my channel and subscribe as well  God bless
i like that the vac was a great idea!
right angle turn is probably not a good idea, damages cable
You're supposed to wear gloves to keep the Primer/Cement off your hands.
Brilliant use of the paper and the shop vac! Wow! Wish I had seen this before I dug my own conduit for our pond.... Good Job!
Great tips, thanks so much, now I don't fear our running electrical to an outbuilding project :)
what happens if the power cables rae burried without PVC ? Will they rot faster ? curious .
Who is green box? Sorry, I am not understand, English
Very good video!! All was perfectly planned starting for digging, piping,wiring, the vac technique perfect and the schedule 80 that you used for sticks very good!!! Congrats!! Good job!!! Greetings from California!!
nice work.  what kind of equipment did you use to dig the trench.  was it just pick and shovel?
Rookie
awesome trick, thanks
how to spend 400$ in one day
I had to laugh when I saw the child labor at the beginning. Thanks for sharing; this video made my day 🤓
Oh yeah, essential to have little people helping, makes the job go faster. Just take a roll-call BEFORE filling the trench in.
On a warm day the PVC tape would just pull off so you need to loop the pull rope at least 3 times around the cable end with 10 times the cable diameter distance between each loop. That will NEVER let go. otherwise well done that lady, you did better than a lot of the men I've seen trying to pull cables.
Brilliant idea with the string!
Thank you: I am about to run 20 feet underground to my new water fountain.  the shop vac?   I will try it.
what on earth are you gonna do with 200amp ??? its like 46+ microwave
Where did you buy your 4/0 AL?  Did you buy three individual wires or in a triplex?
Done like true professionals. Well done.
Did you remember the expansion fitting at the riser to connect to the barn?  Because of ground movement, it is good practice to install one.
genius, i love the idea of grading up from string to rope to cable and using a vacuum. Ty so much for posting this
...Or you could just run the wire first and slip the pipe over it one section at a time...
Love this video - thanks!
Are those little helpers for hire? Excellent little workers! :)
What size conduit and did you use 80 on each elbow? I want to run 2/0 2/0 2/0 but i want to make sure the copper wire will fit ok and that is why i need to know what is best for that wire in size?
Was that 3 in conduit ? I am currently in the process----inspector told me I had to bury it 30 inches -----after watching yur video I went out and measured and it is 95 feet----he said he was following the National Electrical Code---is that wat u are quoting? Did u use a 3 inch attachment on a large shop -vac? to suck the thread through? Thx to u and yur family for the helpful video
I Con-Du-It! Great video
OOPS!  Code Violation- Not allowed to piecemeal the conduit and conductors together . You have to assemble all of the conduit then make your pull. NEC 300.18 and also look at Art. 352
Shop and VAC: Ingenious! Will use your technique this weekend.
You mean a pole shed?
I've done the vacuum and string thing with my dad allot.
Brilliant idea with the string and shop vac.  Looking forward to the future vids.
