A suggestion: Take a wet wipe, preferably only water treated, and dry it to use as the paper patch. They are light and very strong.
15 years later and it has worked well for me so far. Thank you! Also, I loved your acting in No Country For Old Men 😁
So, I have a guitar speaker, a Celestion, and essentially the cone has no movement whatsoever when you try to push it in. I know some speakers feel stiff, or don't move a lot, and in my experience it doesn't always mean its bad, but in this case theres zero movement. I also have has speakers where the cone moved but it's clearly rubbing, but in this case when it wont move at all, does that usually mean that it's some kind of damage in the voicecoil? Also, I'm guessing my only option is to take off the cone, and either try fix, or replace the voice coil? Also, does anyone know, when you replace a voice coil, does that always mean you have to replace the spyder, or can that stay a lot of the time?
I‘ve used a tea filter, it‘s a very thin layer, and with the glue mixed with water, it turns black after drying - pva wood glue, transparent
Can you use duct tape  instead? Same principle.
An air brush would be handy at the end.
Nice hack.
Great video, what is the sound quality like after the repair?
Rock Star Hack ! I just did it, I don't think they make paper towels as well as they used to.  Mine has a fiber matrix running through it. It might be bleached recycled paper that is pressed. I diluted the glue and then I brushed over it with a little bit stronger mixture. I'm doing it with a guitar amplifier speaker, a Celestion Blue 15 W speaker that is made to be over driven by an 18 W amp. This speaker has a corner L shaped tear about 2". on the back side I used a square patch for strength.  It happened when I had the cab on a narrow shelf and it rolled off ripping the baffle cloth as well.  If this doesn't work out my 2 x 12 cab will just become a 1 x 12.
Well done . Simple and straight forward .
Dam I thought this video was 100 years old lol
When did Ozzy start repairing speakers??
I was hoping for an after repair sound check?
Great video, no fussin around and straight to the point. Thanks a lot 👍
10 years later... this video still rules! Thank you SO MUCH!!!
jbl tlx 45 What do you think about this one there is two part  https://youtu.be/66N9hs3_EWM
O" boy !!!
I put some blue tepe on my car speaker come , hole is about an inch
Did this method, it worked! Thanks
Thank yous for sharing.... Very simple extremely  effective, Appreciate your time and effort plus tutorial, like your attire
Not all faces are faces of meth, some are just meth faces
That vest is fn awesome!
I've done this for years! Except I use rubber cement because it's flexible and doesn't dry crunchy like white glue can. It's a great fix and has saved me a few speakers over the years.
Its a shit.No repair...
TSHAHAHAHA
why dont you get a fucking hair cut  ???
Worked like a charm ✅ Many of the thanks 🤘🏼
this worked! thank you so much!
Dear Sir: Can I use Bounty?
you can use toilet paper and model car glue and you can use toilet paper and super glue but super glue will give it a white residue
Thank you sir
Can I use a fork if I don't have a chopstick?
‘ fn’ awesome u. The man
This guy looks like Ozzy Osbourne from 1970. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uq42HUUJFzU
Thanks !
woouuld sticking tape work as well?
You're awesome, I've got a set of Infinity speakers and I was setting up a small studio for recording purposes. Unfortunately one of them had a tear through the cone/surround. This fix would definitely help although it is missing some of the actual material of the cone. Would the paper be too thin as a single ply to work? TIA for any opinions/answers.
I would have repaired it from the inside and not from the outside
How long does that last with regular use?
Thanks much! I used this method to repair the subwoofer in my beloved Sony KV-27FV310 television. It used to have a terrible rattle, but now it sounds perfect. Thank you!
What a crap. You have no clue at all man.
Drácula....!!! thanks...!!
Thanks its work
I recently did a minor repair on a speaker with that flex seal stuff. worked surprisingly well. better than if i was trying to repair a boat like in the commercial
My speaker cones were in outdoor speakers and rotted all the way around the perimeter.  His method worked great!  Remarkable.
You Rang Me Lord?
dude, you get chicks with that hair or you tell them your packing Tyrone Blackwell in your pants?
fuck you is not work my speaker before is work after is not work fuck you
Awesome repair. I might try a black Sharpie after it dries.
U just saved me $$160 ! Thanks
Buffalo Bill went from making clothing out of human skin to repairing speakers! good work
cool
Thank you so much for sharing this tip. Like an idiot I poked a screwdriver near the edge of a 6.5" car speaker I was mounting. Man, I was trying to be SO CAREFUL and I still f*#@&# up!  I was so upset and bummed--I think my wife feared for my life.  So, once I calmed  down, I decided to see if the youtubers had any repair tricks. I have the front side done and drying. The edge is paper, but it has a little hump in it.  I tried my best to get the paper stuck without a bubble. Will do the back side later, then we'll find out f it worked!   Well, I got the back side done. I let it dry out overnight just to be safe. I got my installation project done, and this repair seems to have worked for me!  I applied a couple suggestions. I used a drop or two of water to thin my Elmer's just a little. I also used a black Sharpie to color the repair. I've played various types of music through the speaker and it sounds clean, no buzzing. Saved me having to shell out for a new pair of speakers!
Very good fix! Awesome video
I have done this it works : ]
ok, so any one know how to lenthen the life a a dried out 70 year old cone? its getting crispy on me.
y u talk like dat?
You are fantastic , what character !  Well done and thanks for the great tip!
Идиот....испортил динамик.
What about a harder plastic cone? Please help
Gives me hope ! thanks , well done brother ....
OZZY!
Nasty wrk..u should be shame of tht job
Makes perfect sense, the cones are made of paper, so this paper and glue fix is genius!
Faça esse tipo de reparo pelo lado de traz do cone sonoro ok
Gad damn you're boring, you're like the clear eyes guy
Thanks Prof. Snape!
Yep.. does work. Thanks for the tips..
Thanks, Rich Moore.
This works 100% awesome.  ness.
Es un maestro Weber, pero que le afloje un toque al merengue!! Esta tan duro que a veces no puede controlar la mandibula!
i just tried this repair for a small hole in the membrane of my mid-bass 12" , just a small hole i did with the screwdriver, nothing like the big rip in the video, and i can say this seems to work very good and it is also almost invisible. sounds comes out perfectly. will be able to say more after extensive use.
Thanks for your video, I fixed my speaker on my antique cabinet radio, sounds better than ever now.
Good job. These glue repairs do work. The proof is that they play just as well after they are patched. I prefer using rubber cement, but it's all good. Thanks for sharing.
This so called "hack" repair happens to work great.  Did pretty much this exact repair (used a black magic marker instead of paint) over 25 years ago on a bass speaker that is holding up fine.  Saved me at least 50 bucks the cost of a recone.
Thank you ,  its work .
That's why I said, why not both. IF you can afford a recone kit, go ahead, if you don't a spare $ to scratch your ass with, try this.
no this is a hack repair... recone it and refoam it.. if the speaker is worth it. this is just a cheap fix
You can always do both.
this is a shit repair buy a new one or recone kit it.. dont follow this guy
This fixed my subwoofer!!! Thanks alot dude omg!!
пва?
what is elmers glue in the u.k not usa?? a pva adhesive or something else, i used rubber an it cracked the hell out of my speakers in the end for some reason. he reminds me of ozzy osbourne lol with no alcohol lol :)
awesome, saved me during a week straight of gigs!
nice ozzy hair man. like back in the 70's ozzy.
the man is like harror films,i frightened...
thanks man
What a mess!  I have repaired holes, cracks and rips in speakers for years.  I use thin, black construction paper.  Cut a piece a little larger than the hole/tear and round the corners.  Apply glue to the patch and apply from the BACK!  Press the patch from the front and back and wipe off excess glue with a damp paper towel.  Works great and you can barely see the repair.  By the way, the guy in this video is Gerald Weber. He build amps down in Texas.
Jäätävä jätkä
Wouldn't it be better using rubber cement on the side allowing it to move up and down without tearing as Elmer's glue hardens? Clear finger nail polish works great on tears in other areas.
I won't claim to be an expert but I've heard it's best to use rubber cement on the suspension as it needs to remain pliable.  Good tutorial though!
holy shit, was that a smile?? 5:04
I almost had to scrap an entire project when a slip with the needle nose pliers gouged a nice hole through my antique radio speaker.  The trick in this video works.  Thanks.
Gerald and I use to Huff Welwood cement in a Wonder Bread  bread Bag at the old Pelican Club just outside Port Arthur.I remember when he and the Band Gang Baged Joplin.It's a shame that Hostess went belly up we''ll have to use a Bunny Bread Bag at our next High School reunion. Jill K
hes pretty awesome, i wish i worked with a guy like that :) those dudes know their stuff i've been playing music since i was 17 and in the music capital of the world this guy is is sought for the very things he just showed us here
Diluting the Elmers glue with water makes it much easier and with a longer work time. Also it seeps better in to the paper cone being repaired, creating a better bond and less brittle. I use a large black magic marker for coloring the repair as it will nor flake as paint can under vibration. But that's just me. ;)
Is there like a oil u can buy to lubricated or make the speaker look new and feel ?
he looks like ozzy man.
Awesome advice!!
I'd rather get useful advice from him, than get lied to by some airhead who gets by on  JUST his looks, and never had to learn anything.
This helped me.
Wish there was a before/after, or at least a demo at the end to show that it works
What is Elmer's Glue? is it like copydex or Evo-Stik? Is it a wood glue or a PVA, or what? I don't think we have Elmer's in the UK. The video is brilliant as it addresses the exact problem I've got with my speaker.
This is a street mime,off hours side job
He's an interesting guy for sure, but very good at presenting this fix. He's probably a rock star.  I wish he had attached the speaker to a stereo and tested it in the video.
@maccafan10 Lol poor guy, i feel sorry for him
Nice tip, thanks for sharing :)
coffee Filters work well too.
Great tip, but this guys depressing face (and his waist coat) made me feel suicidal so I decided to take an overdose of Paracetamol. Fortunately though I felt better after taking the first two and my ripped speaker now looks and sounds the dogs bollocks again (though instead of arse wipe paper, I used cigarette papers and a pair of scissors for a neat job).
I don't like this repair. - Paper towels?
