You make it look easy.
Dana White?
Thanks Kode!  Need that info!  Great work!
Have struggled with cuts for years b ecause ceilings are nevel level, nor walls plumb. Reviewed a few v ideos for examples how others accomplish the task and this video, by far, excels compared to other attempts. A practical solution to a problem that is short and simple. Thank you.
Thanks for the video! 👍
You need a circle cutter.
This stuff is so amazing to me
Very Nice job, it's hard when the wall isn't plumb. I have a sink (3) Cuts, and (2) outlets, I' tried to cut this 2x and ended up trashing the rock b/c the I made the holes too large.
Wouldn’t it be better to measure to the end instead of having to cut it short?
Bravo, that was fantastic! Thanks for the tutorial. Now let's see how close I come to this tomorrow on my walls.
how do you do this if the plumbing continues past the wall and you can't put the drywall over the pipes ?
First fit was angled and way off :).  Is that because something wasn’t level which was assumed to be?
I agree, great job! Thanks for the video.
It didnt fit lol
Or put a nail in the center and get your pencil and make the circle
Um your board is crooked. There’s a pretty bad angle on the top joint, on the left closest to the wall corner
I can't follow a line with my RotoZip.  It walks on me. I guess I need lots of practice.
Awesome! I'm getting ready to redo my kitchen and your tutorial is really helping relieve the stress going into it. I've never done drywall before but you make it look possible. Thanks!
Thank you for sharing this kind of videos... I'm trying to learn this kind of job and yeah..this is exactly what I needed!!! and now I need to practice it more..... greetings from Ecuador in South America..
your using the wrong board.should of used green board.
is that the standard leaving a 1/2'' gap between floor and drywall?
I know it's a how to but there should be no butt joint at all on that wall nice job thou
Thanks for sharing ... This is exactly what I needed.
Ehh I would have broken on the next stud. Butt joints are harder to finish out when they are broken next to pipes and receptacles. I personally just sit the board on the floor in front of the pipes and route out those bad boys with a roto-zip! Haha! Just my opinion. Dope video. #gypsuminmyblood
You Rock!!!!
Or you could have marked each stub out with lipstick and pressed the board on there to mark the holes.
Also I have done dry wall once self taught but this time  im working on 2 million dollar house project in Alberta but framing I have no experience at all and your videos will help me in tomorrows job this company  gave me a chance of a life time and I want to do best as possible & thank you for posting :)
I'm starting as framer and I'm watching as much of ur tips as possible I hope this will help me because my mortgage is Comming up and I really need This job to also pay for my kids seizure med
