Swimming pool above ground framed ask Roger Cook, Above ground wooden swimming pool ask Tom Silva
Is the washing machine drain pump strong enough to handle without an additional pump?
Haha, the ding dongs who installed the dryer vent in our home(20+ years ago), did so through the basement block, when they could’ve taken it through the side of the house. They also cemented it in and it needs to be replaced. I’m not that handy, nor do I feel like paying tons of money to have it replaced.
lol. $12,000.
If you didn't need the laundry sink you could just put a long hose from the washing machine up to a p trap then drain pipe.
Anyone willing and able to share a link for that laundry sink
Nice job
Everything about this job is good. The only thing I would recommend is a strainer of some type on the washer discharge hose. If not the sink drain will eventually plug with lint and overflow onto the floor.
I hate  to bad word but you are the mother F in man i love this guy and all of his videos  i saved hundreds of dollars and i dont know what would i do without him  keep up the good work  as a working man with family and home its nice  , much love fellow
0:28 $6000 Richard is worth every single penny!
3:38
Did you buy the sink with the pump already installed or did you have to buy them separately and put it together yourself?
My house floor is elevated about 3 feet up from the back of my house and I wash planning to move my laundry out to the back. This video solved most of my dilemmas other  than the vent but I will find a way. I'm 8 years late, but thank you very much.
Wow that's a lot of work
Is this approved in Canada? The pump
So if I have a sump pump I can just let the water of the washer go into the sump pump ?
Badass setup
My washer can pump its discharge into a standpipe 96 inches above the floor the machine is installed on.  I suspect most can do the same, doing away with the need for a second pump.
who pays for all these repairs/supplies on these projects? i've been watching this show for 40 plus years and always wondered about that.
DO NOT USE ZIP SCREWS OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF SCREW TO SECURE THE VENT PIPE TO ITSELF. You mut only use clamps or tape to fasten the pipe together. If you do the lent will get caught on the screw inside the pipe and cause a FIRE.
I think I need a laundry sink with a pump since I'm having the same problem, the previous owner rigged something up to force the washer to the waste pipe but the drainage wasn't good. Now the new washer won't reach it at all. Links to this pump would have been nice I'm left with more questions but I'll figure it out.
can i pipe the washer in and add a check valve, instead of draining it into the sink?
My mother had this kind of setup and the sink was constantly clogging with all the lint coming off the clothes from the washing machine.  She had to put pantyhose over the outlet, which was unsightly.
Great video.
Still 50/50 on buying the bucket hat...
Richard is a Real Pro. I've learned a LOT from you Richard! Excellent videos as always.  John 3:16
Can you not just dig a trench and put in new sewage for the laundry?
This was freeking awesome!
What is the cost of a job like this.?
Which pump did you guys use. The links just take me to the general Amazon list
Why is the 220 volt electric hot water heater wire not protected?!
That water valve was pretty nice
Looks like John Gacy's basement
I wish he would come to my house.  I need  lots of help.
Mentioned in a previous video was an extra pipe for venting, but on this one there isn't one. Is an extra vent required for the washer? I am a DIY'er and I find plumbing intimidating but am unable to find any company to come and fix my plumbing. They come out I ask for a bid and never get one. So I will have to fix my plumbing myself. Right now my washer is draining into my sump pump area, I am worried about the wear and tear on that sump pump, and then it not working when we get a big rain and it flooding my basement. I want to do a utility sink with the said pump on it, professional advice is appreciated.
The house I just moved into has a drain/sump pump enclosed into a bucket (I don't know the actual term), submersible sump pump. Is there a difference between that method and the non submersible no bucket method in the video? At some point I'm going to add another sink and will either need to drain into the current sink or buy another pump.
Do NOT use those silly screens they include with the exit vents. They clog with lint rather quickly and in turn ruin the efficiency of your dryer and can even cause lint fires. A lot of state fire codes ban them for these reasons.
ok ill do it for 6 (nervous laugh)
The bad thing here is, if the tub is in use you can not do your washing. You need a sump to fix that.
It’s bad idea to drain water from washing machine into sink. It will raise humidity way to much. Should be different solution
don't use screws in dryer venting
Sooo..I have a serious question. My mother has that sink set up...but on hers....she covers the exit washing pump with a nylon so it catches the lint and stuff...as she said it shouldn't go down the drain/water pumper?? Whhhat?
screws in a dryer vent will always fail inspection
can you just drain a washer into a sink? Is that allowed?
Is this still being done today? Does this prevent water flowing back into basement if sewer gets flooded by rainstorm?  Thank you. Be well.
VERY IMPORTANT!!! DO NOT use a hood with birdscreen for the dryer!!! DO NOT!!! this is a place for lint to pile up and eventually created a blockage. I know this from personal experience!
Can this be used for a kitchen sink? I have a concrete slab foundation and would like to relocate my entire kitchen.
This video answered several things for me as I'm going to be relocating my washer and dryer to the basement. My initial thought was "run the drain to the sump pump". Had no idea I could just install it to a sink! Brilliant. And also, yes, I can just drain it to the sump pump. Well done video!
Rich has and knows about every plumbing do-da that was ever made.
just to disconnect a washing machine this place called Toronto decorating charged us $850
Galvanized pipe is just about clogged up.
The most excellent, quick-video on basement plumbing I've seen.
what brand is that pump ?
Tip: make sure you put a sock or pantyhose over the end of the washer hose. Clean regularly so the old drain pipe does not clog.
Need more info about installing that laundry drain system....
oh he just put a T on the water lines and magically another set of T's happened ehh?
I got this pump and I want to install in the glacier bay laundry sink, but the bottom of the sink have 4 leaps that do not let the fiber or the rubber gasket, to flush to the sink and seal it, should I change for other sink? or there is a way around it? Thank You
Here's an idea put your laundry machines on the main floor or upstairs. That way you can connect to the drain and let gravity work.
Screws on dryer vent is a bad. Catches lint and causes 🔥
Love hearing Richard’s laboring noises
What kind of pump is this exactly?!
zip screws should not be used on the 4" dryer vent.  they will collect lint on the inside and have potential fire hazard.  use high temperature metal tape.
I’m
Keeps saying he's going to put the guy to work, then proceeds to do all the work, culminating with getting pissed at 5:10
Next episode: how to fix the "F1" display code on that washing machine.
Can I just connect the laundry drain directly to the pump ? If I really need a sink, can I connect sink and laundry drain with a T-pvc pipe this way the laundry isn't draining in the sink.
Still Teaching after 40 years....Wow🤯
I wanted to move my washer to the basement but had all the drain piping above the floor. Was afraid I'd have to hire someone to cut up the concrete and install a drain pipe in the floor, but this video was very informative.
He must have had 220 nearby?
Never use screws on drier vent. The lent will stick to them. Never use flex pipe either.
Even being extra trouble, I would have instead put in a sump pump, and had it as peace of mind in case of a basement flood.
Really, You never add zip screws to dryer vent and you need to take the bird screen off..  Fire hazard. Wont pass code
looks so easy, plumber want $3K including a hot water tank, and pump etc.
Excellent video !!!
Only came to read comments about how Richard knows nothing about installing drain lines.
Can a air admittance valve be used to vent all three items?
Who ever quoted 12k should not be in business because they obviously have no innovation skills and went for the most expensive option.
"Time to put you to work"  proceeds to do all the work himself
They look angry when they are installing and not saying anything
Why not make sure that you are truly saved by Jesus Christ and practice this way. Remorsefully confess with your heart your sins to Jesus Christ who is God and tell Him that you right now are repenting of your sins and you want to be born again of the Spirit from above. Tell Jesus that you are remorsefully sorry for breaking His commandments and that you are begging for forgiveness from Him. Allow His blood from the cross to wash away your sins. After this is done with your heart successfully the Holy Spirit will come to live within you and He will rebuild you from the inside out.   Look for signs that you are saved. Things like spreading the good news from Jesus, getting other people saved, a craving for the word of God, reading the Bible, etc… These things are known as a calling and fruit bearing. If you're not bearing fruit then keep doing it. Sometimes it takes time to get saved. Read Matthew chapter 13 from the King James Bible. God bless!!!
This video was incredibly helpful. Can I ask why water hammer arrestors werent used after the washer valve?
Is this flex seal
So this setup doesn't require a vent pipe?
What type of pump is this?
That DESIGN HAS MAJOR SAFETY ISSUES!!! The hose clamp patch needs to be replaced with pressure rated threaded or glued piping or union joint. HERE IS WHY. Last year I saw a house where the sewer company used that hose clamp device. When the pump turned on a month later it popped off sending all the sewer muck flying across the room hitting the electrical pannel.Trhis set off a series of catastrophes.   1. First, the electrical panel, being bathed in muc electrolyzed the muck converting it into hydrogen gas which sparked and blew up the basement. Next, the electrical panel fused both phases together frying everything electrical in the entire house. Light bulbs, light switches, all appliances, and all the electrical wiring in the entire house was ruined  and had be replaced. The homeowner, a personal injury attorney, homeowner insurance claim exceeded $240,000. over a $5 mistake.
Could you empty the washer directly into the sump pump instead?
Sink wasnt necessary. Most washing machines can pump up to 8ft in vertical height. All you have to do is cut the pipe add a wye and trap and connect the washer.
No screws on dryer vents!!
My house is such a piece of sht
If I dont need the sink part can I just run the drain hose to the pump or take the drain hose off and run pvc pipe into the back of the washer machine then have it go to the pump? I dont have much space to fit a sink or barrel
water hammer arrestors?
Screwing in dryer vent is not to code!
How does that pump push water up nearly 7 feet? What happens when the washer shuts off and there's no more water to help pump the already existing water? I just don't understand how that works.
SCREW IN A DRYER VENT IS A NO NO RICH!!
Ok i just saw 2 dryer vents installed, one was rerouted to go right outside with lil bends , the 2nd one went up then 90° bend to go outside. What's the dryer vent " rule of thumb ?"
Gravity isnt real fyi
This plumber guy is The Man. It's all second nature to him. He just knows what to do with every job by looking at it! 🤓
1inch pipe to drain? On top of all that he is narrowing the pipe further by partially closing the valve. That's gonna be lots of trouble when it gets clogged.
Where can you find the pump? I’m finding everything but the pump.
Please don’t use screws on dryer vents. Lint gets caught and prevents air flow. Use a worm gear clamp for the metal flex tube or foil tape on hard pipe
That’s why I am happy that my drain doesn’t leave through the wall
Glancing through the comments hartell pumps makes a very good laundry pump similar to what they were using. And they've been around for years
a drain is a good idea except at the drain gets plugged downstream it's going to volcano out of the fixture that it continues to if they're doing laundry
I haven't taken a look at the entire comment section but I hope that is a aluminum elbow off that dryer and I do not like that flex pipe it collects too much lint
do all basement laundry set-ups require a pump?
Where can i get that pump?
Awesome! I made a laundry chute in two different homes. Here is another few ideas: https://youtu.be/QgooETvXgHw
better pray you never clog the pump with anything foreign.
Didn't know they made a small pump specifically for that and no vent cool, curious about the cost of the pump itself and what it would've cost to have all that done
Since using the valve as a throttle of course tightens the drain orifice, I would've added a cleanout just before it. I also would've added a check valve after it, to relieve pressure from the ball valve and check valve in the pump, as replacing an in-line check valce is cheaper and easier than replacing the check valve that built into the pump assembly.
I wish you could come to my house....:) Happy New Year!
This old hack
I have a similar set up, but I connected both the washing machine and laundry sink to the drain going out. I don't understand why you'd want to pump the washing machine water twice, and also add extra workload to the sink pump.
After watching the bathroom "install" I'm expecting half a video again
if you going to refinish a basement like that you should use exterior grade - plywood, 2x4s, etc.. and the basement/foundation wall should be painted with drylok.
That guy did one hell of a plywood job in that corner... I’ve never seen anything like it.
good morning i have a question my gas water heater and dryer in same place,  can i install one vent for both?
Do you have the name of the pump that was installed under the sink in this video? I have a similar setup, except I have to manually turn on the pump whenever I do laundry. I would like to have it come on automatically when water is drained into the sink. Thank you!
Wow when you cut the pipe did you get crap on your hands it looked 👍
Where can i purchase this set up Ive looked and can only find pumps that set on the floor Any help appreciated
Question: The manufacturer says a minimum of 6' pipe is needed from the check valve up. Is this necessary? I notice you have a similar setup where 6' isn't available. Thanks
Why not make sure that you are truly saved by Jesus Christ and practice this way. Remorsefully confess with your heart your sins to Jesus Christ who is God and tell Him that you right now are repenting of your sins and you want to be born again of the Spirit from above.  Tell Jesus that you are remorsefully sorry for breaking His commandments and that you are begging for forgiveness from Him.  Allow His blood from the cross to wash away your sins.  After this is done with your heart successfully the Holy Spirit will come to live within you and He will rebuild you from the inside out.    Look for signs that you are living righteously.  Things like spreading the good news from Jesus, getting other people saved, a craving for the word of God, reading the Bible, etc…  These things are known as a calling and fruit bearing. If you're not bearing fruit then keep doing it.  Sometimes it takes time to get saved. Read Matthew chapter 13 from the King James Bible.  God bless!!!
im wanting to move my washer / dryer into the garage. I dont see any venting out the roof on the existing setup which  is off the dining room. I understand the dryer vent but is the washer vent necessary.
He obviously doesn't know that you need to where gloves when using copper
Awesome!
I need some work done
I would never use "zip screws" in s dryer vent pipe. It would snag all kinds of lint and debris. Duct tape would be a better connection.
This guy is good!
I have the exact same throttling problem in my basement.  Now i just have to take the time to get it fixed.
Wood directly bolted to concrete... in the basement... for the washroom... mold?
Can a check valve be installed vertically?
Lol, this is so incredibly unhelpful. This is so /r/restoftheowl more than anything else I've seen.
The prices these improvement contractors ask is so sooo overpriced that its amazing home owners even consider paying these over priced shysters....
I’m very critical of this show, but Rich is probably the star in how he explains things to the customer.
Makes it look so easy.
So what do I notice? The guy using Channel Locks backwards.... that's what I notice.
Is a floor drain also required for a basement laundry?
He should stain or paint the wood behind the laundry sink. If he splashes water on the wood it will swell.
Great instruction video, but what seems to be a great instructor. Thanks for the lesson...
What was he doing with the copper pipes?
When I was a child, the show was interesting, but did not hold my attention. As an adult, I'm enthralled, 'cause I gotta fix everything and build the things I want.
How do I get some helps from This Old House with some water heater tank, laundry sink installation, dryer exhaust, and repairs some copper pipe works (it is a mess)???
What sub pump did you use I gotta do this to my washer to drain
I would of done something much different with the drain hose fron the washer than just leaving it over the sink. It doesn't look good. I would of put it under the sink and have it connect into the drain below the sink drain so the water would leave the washer and go down the drain and it wouldn't look like you got cheap and jimmy rigged it.
I noticed the outlet is not 20 amp. Does the washer need a dedicated 20 amp gfci to plug into? I thought it was national code
Ball valves are not meant for throttling. A globe valve is what is suitable for this application.
Can anyone tell me if you can do this without the sink? Meaning taking a similar style pump, attaching it to the washing machine drain line and then taking the pvc up and out?
Best solution: dont do your laundry in the basement
please explain that pump thanks
We just signed a lease agreement with a house and the drain from the washer is going straight into the sump pump. I’m wondering if this is going to be a problem. I’ve never taken care of a house before
What pump did you use?
Just get a nicer house that has room for a washer & dryer upstairs.
Wonder if you could tie the hose lower by the drain then it just laying in sink like that
Washing machine
Nj licensed plumber here.    No way in hell 12000.  That is highway robbery   Material at most is 600 dollars  labor  Maby 5 hours of work.   🤦‍♂️
Don’t need a pair of water hammer arrester for the hot and cold supply to the washing machine?
I watched this just to get some general plumbing info and it wound giving me a solution to the venting issue I’m having with my basement bar sink. Never would have heard about this pump if it wasn’t for these guys. Thanks to all of them!
Screws on a dryer vent...No concerns for lint build up on screws causing a future clog in the vent!!!
get enough flux inside those fittings?  by the time they notice the problem he'll be long gone.
Omg thank you!!!
Only supposed to run 6 feet of flex drier vent. I use as little as i need to anyways
Never use screws on a dryer vent
How that drain work with out a pump to help pump the water 8ft high?
Do not put screws into dryer vent. Lint trap. Fire hazard. Failed inspection.
Great Video.  And anyone else think the homeowner is hot\cute\handsome...etc
Was he installing an electric dryer? I skipped some content. idk.
Thanks for this information! No one wants to live without a washer dryer in their house if they can avoid it! Peace and Love.
How  do you know which water pipes are hot and cold, cus in my apartment, its labeled or clear as to which is which,     Great vid btw.
why are all these people commenting on that wouldn’t pass code or inspectors wouldn’t sign off on this? why are you people having inspectors come into your house and look at these things?
Lotta sludge in that 2" galvi line
Seems like they need new piping too
This guy he is genius.. I have learned  a lot from this Guy. Thanks a lot..and God bless you.
Wait... So how much did it end up costing!?!?
He hooked him Up! Lol
When running the hot and cold down to the washer why not just transition to pex instead of running more copper?
How about to use transition bands??
I am planning to buy Liberty 404 DRAIN pump 1/3 hp compact sink pump with 4.3 gallon capacity for my washing machine is this pump can handle?
Great video! I actually learned something I can use
can't use zip screws on dryer probability of a fire  catching kit on fire
This set up won't work for me, With the drain going into the sink. Kinda defeats the purpose of the sink? Can't presoak anything and have the washer running.
I was wondering what is the total cost for this project ?
These homeowners get a good deal.   They get the the repair done for free.  In return, they agree to be filmed for the show.  Saves them alot of money.
1:53 my only complaint is that won't be air tight at all lol you need to redo that. Other than that great video as always!
Excellent, give me an idea how to, I am doing renovation for my mom house, and the plumber give us  an estimated $15000 to hook up water lines and laundry, $15000 ???!!! Really???
Thank you, finally a video that shows proper dryer hook up. Prefer rigid pipe over flex, less issues.
Don't know where this takes place, but I thought you could not put plumbing on an outside wall due to the cold winter weather.
You put the washer drain right into the sink
Why do you wear gloves ???
I want to add a laundry room in my detached garage but there is no drain there.  The nearest drain is under my house maybe 20'-30' away.  Will one of these pumps be strong enough to send the grey water to the drain under the house?
Your not supposed to use screws on dryer vents. It’s a fire hazard. And I would have figured that they would have put more effort in running hard pipe for the dryer vent since there on tv.......
What if you can't place the sink right next to the washer?   Mine is ten feet away and I can't run drain pipe across a walkway
Amazing
Can you  I need a dishwasher installed please
@2:20 Must have a steam option but they forgot to hook up the water line.
Whoa whoa whoa there nelly. Did not install "strain relief bracket" on the power cord. A safety nut Nazi is getting off looking at that
are you require to throttle the pump every time you do laundry ? isn't little inefficient
م
Wouldn't that partly open ball valve plug up in no time? Especially with a washing machine draining in there.
This man is from the old school when everything was made right
Wouldn't you need a washing machine outlet box ?
Thought draining into a sink wasn't up to most codes. ?
God is good! I wish every professional were like you guys. Pleasant, informative, cheap. You should give the date of work done and an estimate of pricing in different areas of the USA.
Infomercial.
I didn't know that a pump like that exist
qouted 2-1200 for half a days work?
Ñame of the pump and héroe ca ni get that
as a question,  it's not easier just to buy a front load washermachine, do a p trap up close to the main pipe and put the washer in a 3' pedestal? like a laundromat?  so instead of lowering the pipe you raise the floor. The washer pump must be able to push water 5' total, no? That way you save on all those pumps sinks etc.
I thought zip screws or screws aren't allowed by code because of the lint?
Why not use a condenser dryer then just pour the water down the sink when it gets full. Saves drilling holes and stuff
I nearly fell out of my chair at 1:34 when Richard begins to drill and says "hopefully that lines up pretty good outside."
this is great. also had no idea you could run a pump like this in lieu of sanitary pit.
Where would I buy a pump built into the laundry tub.  Any links that anyone could send me?  Thanks
Ive loved this show ever since I was like 10 years old. I'm now 42 and it's still one of my favorites.
Ok so what they don't tell you is that while these undersink pumps are convenient for the installer they are a huge pain for owners.  The plug-up frequently, requiring you to disassemble everything and getting the pump on and off the tub is a nightmare.  They also go into "spaz mode" turning on and off constantly in the middle of the night.  I've had two and the 2nd is getting replaced reservoir unit!
the area where i want to do this there is the main circuit box of home, can anyone tell me, in NY, how far away does this laundry set up need to be? thanks
Exactly what I'm having a plumber quote today, curious how much this will be?
Shocked Richard didn't notch out the siding so that the Dryer vent sits flat to the wall. Did he shim it ?
Very good instructional video ,this is for my next project tank you
Can't use a swing check on a vertical lines you only use them on horizontal lines , you would use a spring loaded check valve on vertical lines , and the laundry valves need air arresters to prevent water hammering
next time call Tom to fix the exterior vent because he always do one template and match the exterior form of the house
great video. can you let me know whats the model of the pump your using?
So how do you know what's hot and cold water is it because you look at water heater  Thank you
All I can say is shame on you richard.
That plug at 2:20.. Massive electric hazard. Most safety standards anno 2016 require the pins to be not-touchable when live. On this plug it's almost harder not to touch them than to touch them.
everything was on point except the screws in the dryer vent, in Canada it's actually against the law! don't want lint to get trapped and cause a fire
Richard has always been AWESOME.
I think thats cool now if i get a job like this it would be very helpful
no screens allowed on dryer wall caps. man and running that goofy flex that they can crush by moving appliance - hard pipe is the way to go
Smart,  I enjoyed that video!
Did anyone else notice they weren't wearing gloves when they cut open the brown shit pipe? Um thats a no brainer...
you're not supposed to throttle ball valves but I'm sure in this configuration it's ok.
Never use screws on dryer vent folks! It's a lint catch and its against code.
ball valve for throttling. nice.
Richard great
"lets put you to work" yet the ower does nothing and holds a bucket lol gets free work and proll free products win for the owner
Is there ANY plumbing job that Richard cannot do????  The man is AMAZING and so mechanically-gifted!
Very good job guys
i mostly see the laundry tub pump in the basement floor and plugged in  and  the ball valve is good trick.. .. alot of people here put it in the sump pump and the sump pump puts it in the sewer..
How to install a basement laundry:  Step #1  Build basement
Great video Richard, an elegant solution to big problem...Frank
Richard where is the gas line for the dryer
good video, good install, just would have hid the drain pvc coming from under sink abit more! you know how homeowners like to store crap around areas like that!
I just got the big Samsung 5.6 Front load and Matching dryer with a scratch and dent deal at Lowes and it was the best money I spent in awhile. I had an old GE front load washer that was horrible thing could never balance a load, and an ancient clothes dryer. The new laundry appliances are so nice and fast now and the capacity is insane you could wash an army with this washing machine.
Most modern washing machines are junk but Samsung has probably the top ones on the mass market. Of course nothing beats Speed Queen if you are willing to spend the extra money and can find a place that sells them.
That was VERY informative Richard! Didn't know that pump and the vent design were available! Thanks.
I just had to deal with a nightmare natural gas install with my clothes dryer. The good thing is I was able to fix it with out too much of a hassle.
