❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Eyy up Keef. Aye, tha's bang on 'bout roast beef and Yorkshire puddings! Yer video brought back memories o' proper Sunday dinners. No Sunday were reet without a roast beef and them golden Yorkshire puds puffing up in t'oven. Roasty taters, carrots, parsnips – all them veggies getting a good roasting, and a big dollop o' rich brown gravy, made from all them pan juices. And let's not forget the brassicas – bit o' cabbage, cauliflower, or broccoli to keep it balanced. And horseradish sauce? Just t'thing to give it a proper kick. Makes us proud to be a 'rosbif,' it does. Proper lush!
What joint of beef did you use?
which video has the beef (brown) gravy recipe shown
Nice I'm gonna make this Xmas day x
I'm going to make this for myself since my husband died two years ago we had 32 fantastic years of love.
the finish was hilarious Keith.  You are funny when your Hangry.
What a food so yummy
You 2 are adorable. Much love from the U.S.
HI MR KEEF! LOVE WATCHING YOUR VLOGG, AM FROM PHILIPPINES ! I TRIED THE YORKSHIRE PUDDING AND TURNED OUT RIGHT, SO HAPPY I MADE IT! THANK YOU !
That meal looks divine. A culinary delight
You can tell they are still at it in the bedroom😅🤣
As an aspiring cook and chef I love laid back videos like this. It alleviates the pressure of everything I cook needs to be a 5 star Michelin. I mean yes I should strive to be the best but I shouldn't be too down if I make a mistake or fail a dish.
Keith that’s not medium rare bud. That could still be saved with decent first aid.
Roast beef and Yorkshire pudding is the ultimate comfort food. Along with peas, carrots, roast new potatoes and of course slathered with gravy. 2nd best would be lamb with  mint sauce and mashed potatoes imhBo (in my humble British opinion)
Thank you! Thanks
Give those carrots a chance - they may be scrumptious, as discussed in this Aussie's vid https://youtu.be/gHsfsZHnZvE.
Medium rare is not good. Too raw. I'd go for a med.
1:48  I love that!  😂 That's the first time i've seen that in any video.
O'Keeffe here. Thanks for the video.
nothing wrong with those carrots at all x
Goose fat would have been awesome but lard is the traditional fat. Some people try and use oil for Yorkshire puddings. Nope.
its missing mash potatoe, which is very strange
Lovely video. What cut of beef works best, please?
Thanks for your presentation.  What cut of beef is your roast?
I would die for these people. They’re so cute.
What a lovely video.
You need a nice dollop of horseradish sauce on that.
How to  Yorkshire pudding
Watching you pair tuck in warms my heart. Love your work.
I love your accent! What part of the uk is it from? my guess is northern!
Hi keef, could you please make a meatloaf
Looks lovely
Delightful couple! I'm here on the channel (from US) to learn about making Yorkshire puddings and a "proper roast" as my friend, Rhys, - originally from the UK - calls it. The roast and veggies part I've got down solid from experience but now will add "the puds!" Thank you  so much and cheers! :o)
Following this today, as all your recipes are true to form and come out well.
Traditionally Yorkshire pudding is a starter before the roast beef,  having beef and puddings is a modern conception
Remake for some one in a hurry: adhd
awesome coople
My daughter turns 10 this month.  I always let the birthday child pick the menu.  Without hesitation she picked roast beef.  Before the Sweet & Sour Sniffles took over the world, the only place we could eat roast beef was an all-you-can-eat buffet & she loved it.  I gotta make it myself now.  Thanks so much ❤  Btw, your carrots look like Lorena Bobbit got to them 🔪
...I Love British Cooking...I'm Already HUNGRY.!
Will you be my grandpa??
When I was a lad in Yorkshire, the Yorkshire Pudding was always made in a rectangular glass bowl about  the size of that metal dish you used for the potatoes then cut into rectangular pieces and served as a starter with only gravy.
What kind of beef is it? Rump? Shoulder? Chuck? Idk which to buy here in the states or does it matter?
Looks deceptively simple. But I am sure it is difficult to get it just so
Scrumptious!
will bring beer
wright round sunday  set table  i do eat  red meet
Mrs K gardening Channel Please.
This is lovely! Thank you so much, I am planning to cook a Sunday roast this weekend for my family. Also, I thought we called you Rosbifs because you turn red when exposed to the sun ;-)  Never mind, you got yourself a new subscriber :-) Bisous from France,  A friendly frog.
That beef looks fantastic xxxx
You guys are the cutest couple. Like I'm dying🤣🤣
To anyone new to the uk trying to make this. It's practically illegal to have a roast beef without Yorkshire puddings.
Wish you fine folk were my neighbours! Hope your keeping up this enthusiasm during this hard time. I miss a Sunday roast with the family.
Can i have a shoutout?I miss my schools roast beef
You are terrific
Hi Keef! I just made a Sunday Roast (It's mother's day in Canada) and packed a lunch for my mom to keep it Corona Virus protected. The whole thing turned out wonderful. I have never made a roast, never made yorkshire pudding, and they both came out legendarily. This is a fantastic recipe, and very delicious! You are a legend, thank you for sharing a fantastic recipe :D
I look forward to your videos, this looks like such a wonderful meal. I’m going to give the Yorkshire puddings a try. Thank you for sharing your recipes. Blessings to you both
I am excited to give this recipe a go. I was going to make the toad in a hole recipe, but I want to make those sausages like you did in another video. Despite Canada being colonials (I can mock em, I am from South Africa originally)... It's actually not as easy to find British things in Toronto. Yes, we have pubs. Yes, we have little specialty stores. But those pubs aren't serving up traditional foods really. They basically order things from a supplier, set the microwave to X minutes, and serve. This is a problem unique to Toronto as the cost of living, rent, and other things go up. When prices go up, family restaurants move away just as bohemian types do as well. So you're left with a series of soulless cold corporations selling the same thing with a different price tag. They get their things from two super suppliers (Gordon Food Service or Sysco).   So for example, looking for an authentic Yorkshire Pudding Tin like yours in the video, I have to actually order it from the UK. True, I could use any muffin pan. But I like having the traditional tin because there's a story behind it too. If I wanted to have bangers and mash, I wouldn't even know where to look for it. If I did find a place, it's less likely to be made by hand and more likely to come from a factory. So for the toad in the hole, I am going to do my research and find the ingredients I need from a reputable butcher, and in the meantime, give this recipe ago. The Yorkshire Pudding tin arrives on the 24th, so I will be making my first truly British Sunday Roast then! Very exciting! Thank you for making this video!
So total cooking time for the beef 50mins?? Is that topside that you're cooking??
The scoff at the les roast beef 🤣🤣🤣
I don’t understand why you are making your gravy from a rue of butter??? Yuk! The gravy should be made from the beef dripping and the water from your cooked vegetables. Same as you would do with any joint of meat really, be that pork, chicken or whatever. That way, the wonderful flavour of the meat your cooking, is in the fantastic gravy. Very meaty and yummy. That’s the British traditionalist way to make gravy!
What cut of beef please?
You and Mrs Keef cooks are absolutely brilliant and a real tonic for me when I am a bit under the weather.
In the Film “Joyeux Noel” which was about the 1914 Christmas truce, there were some external shots of the inside of French trenchworks which showed a sign that indicated where the English trenches were. The sign referred to that area as ‘Rosbif Land’. I won’t bother to tell you how the English referred to the French....
my family still has a traditional roast dinner every Sunday!
What kind of beef  is that?
So what did he do with the carrots?
Wow what's going on with your soil?  I wonder what is happening or if those seeds for your carrots have been gmo-ed or tampered with. Very odd. Those cant be organic.  Tfs your carrots. I wondered if organic was really organic and I had my doubts. Besides being eaten by critters, they still look strange. Hows the water quality there?
Thank you sir, from Kazakhstan, Central Asia, where it is currently -20c, You provide a welcome voice of "home" to those of us who look forward to getting back to roast parsnips, Horseradish and stuffing, for example; because we cannot get them here. You have an honest voice.  Can I just add one point...I seem to remember my Granny making Yorkshire puddings in the 70's that were much more soggy in the centre than is common now...and I loved the soggy bit more than the crispy bit! Thoughts?
watching royle family episode sunday lunch, it got me peckish for a sunday roast with eggy bread
I use the Gordon Ramsey method for Yorkshire pudding. Make the batter in the morning. 4 tablespoons of plain flour ,one egg and water, and if any one goes in the kitchen they beat the batter.
Looks nice Colonel Sanders.
Looks delish!  You’re a great couple!
Everything has to be ready at the same time?  Well, I already know I’ve failed before I’ve even started
Amazing dinner.  Love the fact you add imperial measurement for us yanks..   How come you use those flat tins for the puddings? I alway see big cupcake tins being used
Takes me back to times past,as an expat i miss this...
Delightful couple!!
Nice one! X
Watching from California ,everything looks wonderful.
👍👍
Looks yummy love beef roast. Do a roast lamb omg heaven 😂
Why waste utubes time with this!!
you guys are such fun to watch. My yorkshire puddings are always flat since I moved to the USA ( I blame the flour) but I've only ever used 1 egg. So tonight I'm using your recipe. we'll see how that goes!!
keef you crack me up " prechewed by other beasties "
the best way of cooking a beef jiont i have found is overnight... on a really low heat. you may try boiling the joint  for 15mins before roasting. love the vids.. :)
What a lovely couple you are
All the rage now Keef as you may well Know is '' Wonky '' Veg ,Now't wrong with it give it a wash dice & cook cracking video lad keep up the hard work Cheers Jim.
Keef i could do with one of those magic knives ,Can you tell we were to purchase one hahaha.
The carrots 😂😂
what paper round did you have?!
You just said gastronaughts and chopped potatoes in a split second, I’m in!
Been away for several months and not been able to watch. Traditionally, beef was roasted over a spit and the fat and juices were collected in a pan/tray underneath.  Into this was poured a batter mixture at the appropriate time which became Yorkshire Pudding.  This was served as a starter, with gravy or with jam any other sweetener available as a dessert.  How do I know?  My grandmother was from Yorkshire and taught my mother and both taught me.  As a chef, I have also been involved with the history and origins of foods, something most people do not do.  Instead, they just follow the flock or herd.  Incidentally, squash is not from the Med., but Central America and eggplant originated in Asia.  Celery is thought to be from the Med. area around Greece.  Suggest using the carrot tops as a green vegetable by lightly boiling with sugar, or adding to soup or stew.  Don't waste good food.  NO need to peel carrots, or potatoes as they can be just well scrubbed and cooked.  Most nutrients are just under the skin/peel.   The sub-titles are a disaster with many mistakes.  For examples, "jus" came out as zoo while "a lovely piece of beef" came out as "a lovely bit of peace..."  Just saying.   'nuf sed
Watching the two of you interact give me hope in marriage. I want to find the woman with whom I can nurture a relationship like yours! How nice it is to see two people so happy! The cooking tips are very handy, but the love is an inspiration. I'm so glad I found this channel. Best wishes from rural Appalachia, on the other side of the pond. These videos always make me smile. God bless you both! 🙂
You stingy bastard there's fuck all on that plate. More meat, veg and potatoes needed (including roast potatoes) and get a bigger plate.
Yorkshire-pudding batter seems like an eggier version of pancake batter without the baking powder.
Wonderful tutorial.....thank you!!!
Please may I come a round your house for a dinner keef.. There is not one thing I have seen you cook that has not made me salavate! Your an anazing guy
Lovely show........
My ex mom in law is from Ipswich and my favorite for breakfast is bubble and squeak. Do you have a recipe for that?
I love this video thank you!
Oh so sweet
Have you ever tried a joint of beef in the slow cooker xxxx. Love ya channel xxxx
A very lovely couple ... And the dinner is so fantastic... Bye the way hi to ADAM EATS....👋👋👋 GOD BLESS MORE VIDEO TO COME....
A) You + the missus = completely adorable!  B) “A proper mukbang”!  C) I’d totally eat those carrots, their resemblance to James Arness in “The Thing” notwithstanding.
I made this Tuesday it turned out sooooo good even my grandma with her false teeth was able to eat the meat. Sadly though my batter never baked but it all turned out good and my first time making gravy to.
That looks delicious keef, spot on 👌🏻
Where abouts do you live in Yorkshire? :D
Your yorkshire pudding has the dimensions of a pie shell!  Thats the making of a whole new recipe (Yorkshire puddin' pie?) And Keef, for goodness sakes have your garden checked for radiation! 😂
Love the editing in your video and the dinner looked lovely but why do you use half water half milk for your Yorkshire puddings I’ve never seen that before they looked good though
Those potatoes (and everything else) look great!
😹😹😹💜
I'm having Sunday roast here in Australia. I'm doing your recipe.
not the gardeners fault, its the seeds, those are probably nantes or chantenay variety? they just grow shorter than what most get at the market
Hello Keefy can me and my friends get a shout out for ConC / Connor Casey as its his birthday soon and he'd love it! Thanks keep up the great vids!
Been a Yorkshire lass it’s a must to use beef dripping in the Yorkshire pudding tray
What a fabulous looking dinner, Keef.
That's what you call a Roast Beef Dinner, and it is also nice to see Traditional Yorkshire puddings Thank you, Keef :-))
My mouth is watering that looks so good! Thanks for the great video. You make it look so effortless that it's easy to forget how much work you put in. Thank you!
#relationshipgoals
Beautiful meal. What is the name of the wine can you get it in most supermarkets xxxx
A lamb shank dinner would be good , I’ve got 4 in my fridge ready to slow cook, I usually do them with mint gravy , mash and runner beans , how do you do yours Keef ? 😊
Hi keef and mrs keef!!!you got me so hungry! I gotta buy some yorkshire tinns!!!! Thank you so much for a nice video.hey and btw....the carrots look a bit scary....but i have to try this recipe. Love from all of us!❤😍🤗
I love your informal and casual talk at the end of the video. It's like there was no camera in there, ha ha ha. You two make a lovely couple together. And as for the roast beef ... I have to make it sometime. I've always wanted to make it and after watching your recipe, I've realized it's about time I made it.  There's something I'd like to ask you to do, and it is to talk a bit about the tradition of the recipe, I mean, how and when you eat it and so on. Does it make sense?  Thanks for the recipe.  Cheerio!
Flpin ek Lol
Legendary! Thanks
People are not in to big roasts any more............ Christ, what has happened to my beloved Blighty, lol. Great effort Keef. Lovely mate.
Love the potato gig, game changer here :)👇
Loves you Keefs!  I did a standard American pot Croats for ages. We call Yorkshire pudding pop.at a here, but both, I've gotten so much! Thank you*!!!💗
cumon keef try a  pinapple  ring in batter  a penny bet you love it like your vlogs dont  forget the salt and vinigar on it when itsdone  please  thank yuo
That looks amazingly delicious!  How was the blackberry wine?  Did you taste any of it? ;D
nice
That looked very tasty Keef, what cut of beef did you use? Thanks
At 64, I still haven't grown up in some sense. In another, my vessel is cracked and leaky, but I still have fun.  Mrs. Keef might be the real star of the show, though! Thanks very much, sir, and I'll be trying Yorkshire pudding!
Between you and Phyllis Stokes, I have PLENTY of recipes I have to try when the weather gets colder.
OMG.... I have been craving this for days and you did it , wowwwwww I’m in ore of it and will be doing it this Sunday wowwwww
Your wife is such a sweety :-)
You can't beat a good roast dinner followed by apple crumble and custard or a creamy rice pudding. At the moment we have gone a bit mad on 'bread pudding', not to be confused with bread and butter pudding.
nice haircut!
Bless yer both :) Great vid and a wonderful meal when you know how - this and a proper English Breakfast (potentially controversial with components therein!) are the two ways to anyones heart.
OMG, I could watch you and Mrs. Keef Cooks eat and just banter with each other as a whole video 😊 You should make that video!! Also Yorkshire pudding is one of my favorite things to eat ever! Thanks for your videos!!
That looks fabulous! I've always wanted to try traditional roast beef and Yorkshire pudding.
I have made three different things from your videos, and my daughter LOVED IT! And she is picky! I am always trying to make different things. We love the British cuisine. I was so surprised to see just how different American and British dishes are! Definitely not complaining though! Thank you!
It's funny as I was just watching your original roast beef dinner you did. I think it was when you lived in Spain. You wore a black and red striped floppy chefs hat haha. I do love the improved version though, and lovely to see the radiant Mrs Keef cooks as always. Cracking recipe :)
Once the weather drops into the 50s, I'm gonna make one of these...
fantastic magic knife :-D wasn't expecting that
Oh hello, I'm sitting full of cold watching thinking I want that but couldn't taste it as ever tea tastes horrible right now 😫
Thanks for the shout out Keef
The roast beef looks incredible, Keef.  I'll be making this meal within the next week or two.  I learned how to make Yorkshire puddings by watching you and surprised a British neighbor of mine living here in the States with a Toad In The Hole dish thanks to your instructional video of how to make it.   I don't know if he was just being kind, but he said the Yorkshire pudding was "spot on!" and brought back a lot of memories of eating it before moving to the States.  I may share the roast beef and Yorkshire puddings with him.  But, then again, this looks so good, I may not.  :D
