I am technician 6 yr experience shower enclosure installation
I would silicone the holes for the channel screws . If its a tanked floor you've just drilled through it. Why was the wall channel on the tiles ?
First step is to buy the right glass thst suits the tiling bedding haha your around 200mm short. Do no drill a hole into the floor you just busted the water proofing. These guys have no idea
That panel went in too easy ,
Outstanding video, to all those whining about various aspects of the install not being covered, watch it on half speed a few times and have a practice on some scrap materials. The video has to assume you have at least some aptitude as it's a short video. Otherwise get a quote from a qualified fitter, have a good cry then go about your day.
Do we seal horizontally on the inside of the shower screen?
Thanks great video
You failed to show how the rubber seal is fitted between wall support and glass
Can't the tiles break at the anchor points. Then you'd be up for big expenses.
Bathrooms screens dont shatter they are super hard to break even with a hammer
wouldnt the screw breaks the water proofing ?
So you're drilling straight through any waterproof membrane on the floor?!
I have water leaking through the c channel and the glass panel. What is best way to seal that?
What length is the glass?
Support pipe killing whole idea of this shower
Great tutorial. Thank you for the time and effort you took to make this video and share it with us. Greetings from Croatia.
Thank you! I wonder when install the glass with the brass frame, do i need a 2x4 behind of the tile? Or its not necessary
Why are the screws that hold the screen in place on the inside of the shower not the outside?
how long do you have to wait for the tiles, before you attach the glass?
Does drilling into the floor tiles disrupt the water proofing?
Screw through the floor. Void your waterproofing and have the downstairs Tennant's replace their ceiling and rip your times up again.
thanks
Can you do mine please!!
ק  ,   שצת   ר  סררת.
why silicone should not apply inside and outside?
They installed the screen at the edge of the tiles! Then didnt silicone behind the wall channel? They're 100% going to get a damp wall
I love it..great job!!!
Why do you apply silicon on the outside and not the inside of the shower?
good video.  Can someone give me a link where I can buy the glass or how to get it.  Thanks a lot
Perfect
Installed on vertical drywall instead of tile? Dear baby sweet Jesus.
How did you drill hole in glass? Is there a special bit for drilling in glass? Thanks.
NJ
He didnt mention to NEVER let the edge of the glass touch the ground,and rest it on rubber blocks . and rest panel on your foot when slotting into side channel.
Amazing job
vraiment merci pour toutes videos
never seen a panel that has the aluminum strip on it....we normally put the raw glass into the wall U CHannel......how come it has that aluminum strip? for protection of bouncing?  Did the glass have a hole in the base to apply that bracketon the floor?
Did nobody recognize that the shower head is actually outside of the shower?
Excellent.
Great job
nice job  my friend!!
great video and beautiful bathroom.  i wonder if those large porcelain tiles are very slippery when wet though?
nice video. Why would you not just apply the silicone on the inside to leave a better finish on the outside ? Thanks Alan
