Hello fellow YouTubers. Google is getting ready to demonetize small channels like mine. Make no mistake, this is not a money maker, maybe pennies. However, I would love to grow my channel. If you found this video helpful, please subscribe and I can do the same to help you grow your channel. Thank you, I am truly grateful!
Well done!  Easy to follow and thorough explanation.👍
Was very helpful thanks 👍 and God bless you and your family from my family
Mario, I've been looking for a replacement charger for mine. Do you know where I can get one or what voltage/amps I need to buy? Thank you for the video. I lost my charger so if a new one doesn't charge it, I might try the battery replacement.
Your video was great.  I could not have replaced the battery without your video.  The Black and Decker Grasshog works great, but the battery never fully charges on the charger.  The green light never comes on.  How long should it take to fully charge the new battery?  Mine has been on the charger for 16 hours.
I have a black and decker grass hog about 12 years old. Missing the battery and charger...
Do you by chance have the original battery info VS the universal battery?
Mario, thanks your video clip. I got the same problem on my B$D  strimmer,  but cant find the battery for replacement?
Just bought a used one and wow. Still trying to get the head off to charge it.
Well, took it apart, replaced the battery, runs great on the juice in the battery,  BUT the wire that has the tiny post that the charger plugs into, won't line up.  It should be flush for the post on the charger to slide onto but it isn't happening -  won't line up, connect.  I'm overlooking something. And the video doesn't show this part. so break it down and show me where it sits, so it can plugin, please. Thank you,
My B&D GRASS HOG is about as old as yours. Never changed the battery, might be on 2nd spool of string. Had it not been for  U-TUBE video, I would not have known how to do anything to fix it. I've become a 'jack of some trades' and appreciate your info.  Thank you.
Slim, QUIET, works great. I wanted modern and out of the way. This is it!
Thank you SO much. Your tips are easy to understand and apply.  I wouldn't have been able to revive my dad's 15 year old GrassHog without your video. <3
Worked perfectly! Thanks!
Thanks Dude!!! I was having a very hard time trying to replace my battery on my GrassHog and   Your video was a huge help!!!
Thanks Mario!  Saved me $70!  Always surprised my original battery lasted 18 years.  Had purchased a new weed wacker online which ended up being cheaper quality so did a search and found your video.  Got a replacement battery for $18 and works great!
Well done. Not the grasshog I have but enjoyed the fact that you explained it and went thru quickly(could have "trimmed" out some excess) and showed how simple it can be to fix. If you do any research on the components, add that info to save others time.
Thanks for posting this!  I think my Grass Hog is about the same age as yours and finally died this year.  I tried pushing on those tabs to get to the battery and had the same challenges.  I will try your method with my rubber mallet.  :)  I'm not too keen about all those tight screws, but it does look like a new battery from Amazon will get me back into the weed wacking business.  :)
I got the same weed wacker since 2002 and it couldn't hold a charge like it used to.  I was ready to buy a new one until I came across this video.  Thank God I did.  I bought a replacement 12V (a D5S in my case) from Amazon from $30 CDN and installed it just like in the video.  Took me less than 10 min.  Thanks!    PS Just to let you know you need a #2 Phillips Screwdriver head to open the cover, preferably with a long stem as the some of the screws are really recessed.
And here we are in 2020!  My original battery just gave out at the end of last year.  I "thought" it looked possible to replace it at home and found some reasonably priced battery options but I was nervous to take it apart without knowing what I'd be in for.  I am so glad you made this video.  I just love that Black & Decker Grasshog of mine.  Aren't they great?   I'm really excited to take on the replacement now because of you and your video.  Thank you.  :)
Bought the same model used, cheap. Fellow said it likely needed a new battery. Watched your video, did the same. Worked a charm. Cheers.
I can't for the life of me get the screws loose. I even tried an electric drill. Any suggestions?
*So easy to use that even○○>imgs.love/BBatteryCharger?ろ    I can hook them up and they come with several options to delight all! Seriously if you need some trickle in your life, if you're looking to get a charge or if you're feeling drained, buy these.*
Thank you for your video, as I was stuck with my weed wacker,,
I used my Grass Hog yesterday after (3) years in storage. It worked fine for about 7 minutes and waned. I charged it over night. Now I get nothing. On meter the battery reads 12.9V. I tried with the wall unit charger plugged in and nothing. Any suggestions?
I bought a replacement battery and when I tried to connect the black wire the battery fizzled and smoked.  What did I do wrong?  It was the recommended size.  Should I try again or is the battery ruined now?  Thanks for the good demonstration for replacing the battery.
Nice work bench!!!!
Where did you get that battery and what do I look for when I order one? 6/13/2019
Wow thanks much for the video! Just did this no problem for $18! Maybe this hog will run another 15 years!
Very helpful video, Mario--thank you.  I have this same trimmer, and like yours, the battery would no longer hold a charge.  So glad there's a way to fix this old one instead of buying a whole new trimmer.  Just shopping around, you are saving me about $80 and preventing unneeded waste going to a landfill.  Kudos, and subscribed!
Well, I tried, God  knows, I tried. When I unscrewed the plastic cover, it fell apart and I did not take pictures. Having a close-up of how the switch was placed would have helped, close-up of how the battery connections were supposed to go (did I have them upside down?) I ended up going to Batteries Plus (they had rebuilt the previous battery) and bless their hearts, they put it together for me. I know you thought you did an OK video, but close-ups, without your arm in the way, would have been muy helpful.
thanks for the vid man
Thanks for the video!  Like yours, my Grasshog battery just died after nearly 15 years of trouble free service.  I decided to buy a new Ryobi after receiving a glowing review from Consumers Report, blah, blah, blah.  After trying it out, I was not impressed and I thought about replacing the old battery when I stumbled on your video.  New battery being ordered and the Ryobi going back in the box to Home Depot!  Thanks again!
Could never get the screws out????? Took the whole battery case to Lowes to get a screwdriver to fit, got a square and it only took one out then the rest are stripped. Manufacturer told me a philips head would work -- tried multiple and none worked.
Thanks Mario!  I feel competent ordering and changing the battery myself!  I'm a girl!  It worked.  I'll check you again when I need to replace the spool.
