√  *Watch the Video* √  *Buy The Part at 1A Auto* http://1aau.to/m/Visit-1AAuto √  *Do it Yourself* √  *Save Money*
Nice Refresher Video! Thank you for taking time to show us correct way to change out a tierod end!
Question: All the metric size wrenchs  and sockets are actually SAE sizes from the GM Factory, SAE down to a 32th of an inch fit tighter, but are more expensive and harder to find? I have old SK , SNAP ON, Craftsman and Mac sockets pre 70s old sockets and breaker bars 1/2 " drives  ratchets. True or false? Great informative videos 👍 Thanks 🏁
I’m trying to so this job on my truck it’s a 2000 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 4.3L 4x4. But I can’t tell what inner and outer tie rods to buy because there’s different specifications what type of tie rods i need  rack steering, power steering or gear steering, power steering? Can you help with this ?
I noticed no boots/bellows over the inner tie rod required??
Speak up.
What’s the name of the part that is attached to the inner tie rod ? I have a 2009 dually gmc duramax and I can’t quite find the part name to it ?
Is the passenger side reverse threaded or do I need to start lifting weights?
Hey I am replacing the torsion bar mount on my 2005  Chevy Silverado truck I got two of the Rivets out but can’t get the ones facing the bottom any idea how to get them out, I am disabled and I can’t afford to pay the labor for a mechanic to do them
DO NOT BUY TIE RODS FROM THEM... I bought complete front end and tie rods already failed at 1500 miles... love their super fast shipping and CS but I doubt I will buy anything again
I wish you had a list of every tool and socket you used. I’m lazy I know but that would be convenient
Can someone please either point me in the right direction, or just tell me straight up if you know. I have a 2015 Silverado 2500hd. I am trying to replace my tie rods but can't find an actual video or article, document, anything. Does this video also apply to my truck? Thank You
Wil a tie rod from a 2500 fit a 1500?
Woman mechanic here (well wannabe mechanic lol) thankyou so much for this. Seriously!! Thankyou ! Doesn't seem all that hard! More muscle than anything, but thats what hammers are for right? Lol! Thankyou thankyou THANKYOU!!
1A, is there really a big difference in having a grease fitting, then them coming without one? I know some of your parts do not have one, like on your ball joints. And I know they come greased from the factory.  Would there be a life difference between the both?
After this need to get aligment?
I just bought new tie rod ends and all ball joints for my 92 GMC Sierra from 1A Auto parts and I'm really impressed lower prices, quality parts, and fast shipping
Any loctite on inner?
Awesome vid. You guys kick ass on quick to the point details. Thanks for the pointers. Ive done several but like the way you did this. Great job
Is it me or did he put it on wrong
thats fine if you have a lift  not everybody does , not me just a floor and bottle jack / stands
Dude... I LOVE your videos! You have saved me thousands of dollars over the years. Thanks you!!!
1a auto thank you so much
Thanks so much for your exceptionally informative video, I was able to replace both inner and outer tie rods on both sides of my vehicle within 2 1/2 hours (including running back to the parts store for a grease gun and sway bar bushings). You guys ROCK!!
Nice. Idk how somebody can dislike.  Shame on them very nice and step by step with out any vs. CONGRATS.
I bought a kit for my 02 2500 2 wheel drive 8 lug how can you tell if inner tie rods are to long
Not sure what the factory size wrench flat is, but most of the aftermarket inner rod ends are 36mm. I've used everything I can throw at mine, and still can budge them. Of course, I don't have a lift where I can get a cheater bar on the wrench from 4' below the control arm, either, which is the only place you can get access to that spot. Grrr. I think the previous owner used extra loctite on the stupid things....
Great job guys, thanks for the videos.
The rubber boot on my 2006 Impala tie rod is cut half way "across" on the bottom side.06 Impala 3.9 LT automatic. When I go to replace it, how do I add the grease and how much and what kind of grease should I use? Can I use "heavy duty lithium grease(black)? Awesome video. Thank you so much
2:00 Why not untighten with an impact gun like you did to the wheel? Might be stuck and don't want to break the bolt?
Once again, you guys saved my ass. Keep up the fantastic work guys
My clamp came off the side where the inner tie rod is and the boot is sliding with the outer tie rod my mechanic says he can't do anything until Saturday but it's just a dust shield nothing to worry about he said but is this true will it be ok to drive for 3 days I don't want to damage my rack and pinion
coold  video
Does it matter if the outer tie rods are attached to the knuckle from the bottom or top? Most I see they are like this one on the bottom but my truck their on the top
Shops want to charge 800 🤚🏼😂
@ 5:11  what is that torque setting for inner tie rod ???
@ 4:20 you install inner tie rod without  loctite ? should i use loctite or not ???
Im about to do this to my 2002 S10 2wd. You guys didnt make a video for the S10 tie rods that i could find so i hope that its similar to this vid!
So I have to make my own grease fittings with 4 way grease tool to be able to.grease outer tie.rods
Nice! Thank you!
Doing this tomorrow thank you
I think you guys are great and appreciate you all doing these vids. I got on the site to look for a tie rod assembly for my '02 GMC 1500 and found one for 36$ said an 88% difference from original average price of around 380$. I'm not complaining, if I can get quality parts from you guys I will! Just wondering how it's that low, if I order will I get the quality for that low of a price? Thanks again guys!
Is it important to apply thread lock on the inner tie rod threads? Or is it not necessary. I forgot to put thread lock on mine. I heard if you don't it could unscrew from the rack due to vibration.
Thanks man!
this part number fit any 09-06 GM truck?
I have a 2005 Chevy z71 4x4 and on the front passenger wheel, when I tighten the lug nuts the wheel moves. is this because of a faulty tie rods
What about the boot? Why wasn't it shown during replacement?
Thank You this was so helpful
Thanks man very well explained
My truck is 100% easier to drive after watching this and replacing those!
im just curious why your parts are so inexpensive. im looking for tie rod/ idler arm and your price is 70$ under other. is there a reason? is it quality?
very helpful...saw a few videos ...but this one did it ....thanks 1Aauto!!!!!
on older gms with the tie rod mounted from the bottom, you can give the knuckle a nice solid smack and the tie rod drops out
Hello,  thanks 1A Auto for all your informational videos. One quick question, is there a inner tie rod torque? Also, would this apply to a 05 tahoe 2wd?
I really have to say the way you guys explain and edit these videos are extremely well informed. keep it up. very helpful
how come you can move the rotors side to side (as if the steering wheel was turning) when the tire is off but not when it is on? also, when you do this does it move the steering wheel too? great videos. i only use your videos when working on my 04 burb
Is there a lot of difference between a 2WD and a 4WD when it comes to tie rods?
Hello and how are you doing? I love watching your videos, they are very informative. I have an 02 Gmc Sierra 1500 2WD, I want to replace the tie rods (inner and outer) and probably a few more parts. what can you recommend?
What would cause this problem? I've had to replace the same tie rod for a 2nd time now? Always on the driver side.
great video. keep up the good work
AMAZING! Thank you.
thanx 1a
I'm fixn to order the whole steering Assembly including gear box and pitman arm
All of your videos are awesome. Look forward to ordering my O2 sensors off your site
great video.  wish there had been some close ups though. Thanks
Thank you A1 Auto for your great videos
Seem like really nice guys. I watch and use a whole bunch of 1AAutos' videos. Very helpful. Thanks for taking the time to make all these videos. We viewers really do appreciate it.
Inner Tie Rod is 36mm
Success! Thank again for the great diy videos.
I just changed my tie rod on my 05 GMC Sierra when I jerk my steering wheel side to side it ends up going side ways even when my tires are straight?
I'm about to perform this exact repair but I don't have a tie rod removal tool. Couldn't I simply hammer the outer tie rod stud downward to remove it from the steering knuckle. Being as I am replacing it anyway, what could it hurt? Or, is this part so tightly installed that I would more than likely "mushroom" the stud and create a need for it to be cut off?
Mine required a 36mm wrench. I really enjoy your videos and if i lived in the good old U S of A I would definitely buy my parts from you!
what kind of grease do i use on the fittings? and how much do i pump in? how will i know when i've pumped enough grease in?
Is this the same for a 06 Chevy Malibu?
do you put grease in the inner and outer rods? how do you do that? is there a special way to do it
Question I did change the tie rod and the tire still moving a little bit it's anything else I need to change?
when one front end part goes. might as well get at them all while youre under there.
Thanks for the info. I will be doing this same fix to my 1998 K 1500 Z-71 very soon.
Really helpful video! Thank you for sharing. I am considering doing this myself but still not certain if it would be worth the hassle. Does $250 US sound reasonable which includes parts (Moog inner tie rods only), installation and alignment? Also, if the mechanic stated the outer tie rods were fine, why would they need to be replaced at the same time since from what I have heard, typically the inner rod ends go bad?
Is this applicable to 00-06 Tahoe's & Yukon's?
You should inspect the steering components for wear such as the, inner and outer tie rods, ball joints, sway bar and steering stabilizer end links. Hope this helps you out. 1aauto.com 888-844-3393 FREE SHIPPING in the lower 48 states.
92 silverado 4x4 ext. cab: i got the truck at auction. when the wheels are straight, the steering wheels turns 2 1/2 turns to the right and 1 1/2 turns to the left. i never had this problem and dont know what to do. any advise?
Whenever you do any replacement of a suspension part, you need to have the vehicle aligned.
Great video - I changed out my tie rods on both sides but now I have play in the steering that wasn't there before. Any ideas on why this is going on?
When you replace the tie rod ends you should measure and make the length of the ones that came out, and set the new ones up to them as close as possible. Hope this helps out. 1aauto.com 888-844-3393
Very nice video. Very helpful.
Nice 66' GTO!
If there's play in them, they should be replaced.
Ok but how do you know which ones to replace?
You should replace any steering components that are worn.
thank you so much for these videos.  I  have a 92 silverado. when I wiggle the drive side steer, the steering link and tie rods on the passenger side all move.  Do I need to replace them all?  Are the torque specs 65 ftpds?
It would be easier if they both need to be replaced.
Yes an alignment should take care of it. 1aauto.com 888-844-3393
awesome videos.i replaced a inner and outer tie rod on a chevy silverado for a friend.his steering seems to be off,pulling to one side and making noises.will a alighnment help him out.his front tires are waring really bad,even before the tie rod replacement.thanks
Nice video, but the lug nuts for chevy trucks are torqued to 140
Do you have to replace inner and outer tie rods at the same time?
great vid,and thanks for posting....how much force is safe to use when removing the inner tie rod?  i was told using too much force could damage the rack/pinion,can heat be used if necessary? thought the factory used red loctite on the threads which could make it a bear to remove? thanks
Some of them do not have grease fittings. We carry tie rod ends for many different types of vehicles. Check us out online at 1aauto.com 888-844-3393
My outer tie rod didn't have a grease fitting, I thought there was a cover on it I had to remove, so I tried pounding it off. Apparently it was the actual bottom of the tie rod..... Any ways, I need another new tie rod.  Are the new tie rods without grease fitting okay without them? Or does some special drilling needed to put old ones in?
I bought a 96 Chevy 1500 4x4 and I've jacked up one side and have the same left and right movement like the video! Guess I need to replace the tie rods on both front tires, as the other side does it too.  Thanks for posting the how-to's on youtube, I've seen a few of your videos!
great video..thanx ;)
If they weren't there from the factory then they should be okay. If they have fallen off because the tie rods are old, then it could cause them to fail if the elements get an there.
We'll keep this in mind if we end up doing that repair in the future. We currently do not have an auto repair video that shows this repair.
my inner tie rods didnt have any dust boots on them. is that necessary, will it be fine without them, where do i get some rubber boots for them. theyre moog tie rods.
i bought a whole moog front end kit that came with idler,pitman,ball joints, inner/outer tie rods and endlinks. can you do a vid on replacing the front and rear endlinks?
Unfortunately we are working on other videos but we can keep this in mind for one later on down the road.
Thanks for watching. 1aauto.com 888-844-3393
wow is it really that easy to change out a inner tire rod? Because I was going to have GoodYear do it for me and they wanted almost 500.00 bucks.
It could be a work component in the suspension. You may want to check the shocks, tie rods, sway bar stabilizers etc.
The nut on the inner tire rod will keep the outer tie rod secure once it is tightened down.
'Just wondering I have a 01 Silverado 1500 6 lug. My outer tie rods nut is on the bottom side of that knuckle. I guess it probably does not matter, or is it because it is different for the 8 lug. I was curious as I am the first person to work on the front suspension. Also I see you didnt use loc-tite nor did I because I didnt see any on the old inner tie rods and the new didnt come with any just the outers had red locker, for the jam nut.
This assembly is actually two seperate pieces, we just took it out in one piece instead of taking the outer tie rod end off.
moved wheels back an fourth, idler an pit arm are letting the bar that the inner tie rods connect too, to rotate back an fourth. trying to find idler an pit arm that will drop steering linkage down 2 inches.
will try to give feed back if any thing is found. changing out tie rod ends , upgrading  to a 1 inch shaft and 30% larger inner tie rod. to see if that helps anything. thank you
You may want to check all of the front suspension pieces for wear, as this would cause issues with the steering.
i have a 2005 chevy crew cab 4x4. when i put it in 4wd, the front tires kick inward. it is uncontrolable at any speed while in 4wd mod. when in 2wd it drives ok with a little pull to the right. needing input for what to check. thank you!
If you still have the old parts still in tact, you may be able to see where the tie rods were screwed on up to. More than likely it will be very rusty past the point of the area that it screwed into.
It could have a clicking noise. You could have someone move the steering wheel back and forth while you listen outside of the truck to see what's making a noise. Also check the sway bar links for worn bushings. If the bushings are worn, it could give you a shake in the wheel on the highway as well at a thumping noise. Hope this helps you out. Tony @ 1aauto.com
Besides the movement of the tire.what sounds does bad inner/outter tie rod makes ...i have 95 Tahoe it vibrates when i speed up
If they are bad, you may feel a lot of movement in them while you wiggle them with your hand. Depending on the year/make/model we may have them seperate for your application. You can visit our website @ 1aauto.com or call Tony @ 866-403-3393
Can you buy just the inner and outer without buying the hole kit? and how can u tell they are bad?
If you're just replacing the hub bearing assembly you shouldn't have to.
1) If there's no grease fitting present opposite the codder-pin end of the outer tie rod, is the grease already sealed in the outer tie rod?  2) Would replacing wheel bearings warrant getting an alignment?
@HIDanchorage If you have to replace the inner tie rod I would also replace the outer one while your in there. If it were me I would replace all 4 pieces,usually the other ones aren't to far behind to let go. Sometimes it's easier  while you have all of the tools out. You're also going to need an alignment, it's another reason to kinda of take care of all of them while you're in there. An alignment alone is usually around $75.00. Hope this helps you out.
Howdy... We have a bad tie rod (I believe inner) it's doing the tell tell clunking noise across bumps... I'm curious do you feel if your gonna replace a inner you should always also replace the outer? Also, we are on a budget here obviously, so. Do you feel you should always do both sides (All 4 ends) if your doing one? Can I just do the bad one and call it good? Thanks for your help, and by the way, EXCELLENT video!
@xXxSTENCHxXx It could be that, bad ball joint, or pretty much any worn front suspension piece.
@TobeNuts4U Thank you for visiting our auto repair channel. Have a great day!
