mother in laws from hellllllllllllll hahah
How well has the paint held up? Thanks
Do you need to use a primer?
your floor looks like vinyl  - not linoleum -which is a VERY BIG DIFFERENCE - linoleum is made from wood pulp & and linseed oil and needs to breathe  - YIKES!
Fabulous production You have  inspired me  to work on my channel, thanks.   🐼
To hell with all that... use a stencil. It looks bad and will look even worse very soon. You need to topcoat it with polyurethane.... Talking like a man would have been great too.
PAINT???????  lots of info on tape - so sick of yt videos that are total waste of time!
I THINK YOU DID A GREAT JOB MY BEST ONE WAS THE JOKE OF THE MOTHER-IN-LAW :)
Craft stores have 1/4" tape in the scraping dept.
This video was literally about how to cut tape in half, not about how to paint a floor. What the did I just watch?
can you tell me how this held up please?
I am painting my linoleum bathroom.  How would I seal it?
.... or you could just BUY the required tape... LOL!
Thanks.  But, I don't trust paint on the floor.  I would just get it replaced.
Some people have been known to spray a line with a guide opening slot like parking lot swipes. An air brush could be used with the right tip, so paint is not wasted. Try some in your garage on a box with a common paint can- well shaken. Two strip of thin aluminum t-bar - held apart 1/4" at each end spaced and clamped firmly. Put some cardboard wings left and right held in place. Now go down the runway with a steady adequate spray. Voila. Better than painting the whole floor twice just to reveal 1 grout line. If you use two strips of wider vinyl tape/film on the floor - you will save gallons of paint also. The vinyl at the sign store can  let you remove every other center piece and put some transfer tape here and there to keep the pairs together. while you place them.  Trial and error-- get some little samples of vinyl floor roll scraps-- go to town not a thing to lose, but your ignorance.
You have to be kidding me- please do not follow this advice. You go to your local sign shop- they have lots of cheap vinyl film stock, ask them to cut from short odds and end ends 1/4 wide strips  x 14", 36", 60"  whatever he has odds and ends and he would be cutting out for your room size. A 20 x 15 as an example with 600 linear feet of tape- which should only cost about $65 retail on (4) precut single rolls. That is the price you want to beat, he may have to take a few days in their down time; it would take a good cutting machine about 10-15 minutes to cut on a single roll all at once. maybe a single piece about 15" x 12' or half as long if he has 24" roll widths. Generally a good working length may only be  6', so 100 1/4" BOXES, not slits, you want them to be separate pieces side by side  and make + 5 more for overlap. That is a film area of only about 13 sq feet so a cheap material roll is best and that may only be about 50 cents per sq ft so his material cost is about 7.50.  But your labor is bad enough applying it- so don't waste another 2 hours making crappy uneven tape- get this nice straight even vinyl, but let it dry, it takes a bit longer, not paper, but it is way sharper. If you fold back the release liner halfway evenly 1/8 holdback it will easily keep straight over the 6'. then keep 1/4 " increment fold lines with tape measure at both ends and middle. If you watch car striping videos you may see technique.  Good luck.... For a real room don't cut tape to 1/4" widths, please.
Just paint the lot you idiot
lol
What type of primer!! Omg!
Great, 4 minutes on tape - what kind of paint did you use?
Thanks for shaing your expertise!  I will experiment first on my small  bathroom.  I hope it works!!!
THANK YOU!!!!! I've been trying to figure out what to do with my floors as cheaply as possible and you saved me. I do have a question... do you roll or brush paint the floors? I was actually thinking of using a sprayer but I think it might make too much of a mess in the long run. I'm super grateful for your great video.
that's not linoleum. that's vinyl.
That looks more like vinyl flooring. I am wary of how well this will stand up over time without a primer put on it first. Can you provide an update on how this floor has held up? Also, you can buy 1/4" tape on Amazon. Save yourself lots of time! http://www.amazon.com/TAPE-SPECIALTIES-15006-60-Yard-Painters/dp/B0006ITPMK/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1427394898&sr=8-7&keywords=1%2F4%22+tape
Absolutely fantastic looking! We are renting a retail space that has some kind of rubber tiles, it doesn't look like linoleum. It does not have grout line and doesn't seem to have any finish or seal. I really want to Jaz it up. Any suggestions?
Auto body supply shops sell 1/4 thin tape and thinner too
I bought new peel and stick tiles, painted each one black and dried them out whalla, it worked perfectly also sprayed them once dried with a can of urethane. new black floors, I can't find anywhere where to buy different colors for peel and stick and got fed up. They only offer crap colors at home depot and rona and canadian tire. Cost for a hallway was very cheap box of 45 tiles 20.00 dollars.
agree - don't sand - toxic!
Dont mean to scare you Jud and the people watching this video but you cannot ever sand linoleum because it contain asbestos,,read the installation procedure for any linoleum.
fyi  they make 1/4 tape.. go to a autobody supply place.. they got all kinda of sizes
Thanks Jud!  Well presented, clear and concise.  And funny too! (The mother-in-law dig!)
I used a roller. One coat is all you need. The original design of the floor had a pattern. The roller worked well for me. It is awesome, you should try it before replacing your floors. You can do a lot with Porch and Floor paint, for real!
I can't believe you didn't show the actual painting, which is the whole point of your video.  Did you roll it? Brush it? Did you us 2 or 3 coats?
I just finished another section of flooring using this method and was very impressed with the results. This time I used an OLFA cutting mat with a X-Acto Knife (Blade #11) to cut the strips. It worked perfectly. I also noted the dry time can be cut down. After about 4 hours, you can walk on the floor with socks. You can also take up the strips at that time. After about 8 hours, you can seal with an acrylic or mop and glo product. Looks brand new! WOW~!
I can't begin to tell you how much I owe you...since I'm about to move in an ugly "linoleumized" apartment..you saved me from certain depression! THANK YOU!
I might also point out, the design I worked with in the video has varying levels. The strips I taped over are at a lower level than the raised squares/tiles. This made it easier for me to sand those areas with minimal sanding on the taped areas. This way, the lines won't be dulled by any sanding. It worked great. I've treated these floors like I would any other. And the Glidden paint I used hasn't shown one bit of wear. It is a great paint to use for floors.
@taxonomin Thank you for doing that. I'm not familiar with stumbleupon. I've heard about it. But haven't investigated it yet. Sounds like a good website.
Lol great work,cant wait for more!
whens the next amazing video
I'm always on the DIY.com site trying to figure out how to do stuff in this house.  Fairly new to youtube, so now will use this as a resource.  Thanks!
@beacher1967 Thank you beacher1967. If I learn something, I'm going to share it. I can't tell you how many times I ran into a problem and searched YouTube for a fix. Most times, I find one. Unfortunately, I didn't find one this time. But it gave me an opportunity to make a video that could possibly help others who want to do this.
@gizibop Thank you. You are becoming the Reality TV Guru I see. You really should be in television. You have the personality. As for DIY, if you can't afford an inflated price to get a so-called professional to do it. You can always DO IT YOURSELF. Saving money has become a way of life for me presently.
Looks good man. Your a DIY genius.
You're always surprising me!
