I want to know how to remove the drawer
Thanks for the video. I'm going to try and cut off my balls to gain 3 inches.
Where do i find the link that shows how to do it?
Starts after 3:30
Its supposed to have an indent
How did u take out the draw plz
Get this vanity!
Pleased
There are holes in on the Ikea sliders, you dont need to buy other sliders. Just choose a different hole.
Can you change the privacy of the video link you attached so it's not private, or tell me if it's this one? https://youtu.be/mE_M55nU888
My drawer literally went Down XD everything fell throw the back
Very helpful info. Getting there was PAINFUL. Just get to it.
Just so you know, the word is ‘flush’ not ‘flushed’. 😄
I've bought it but its abit wobbly the drawer is it with every desk or is it just mine ?
How do you get it flush? Is that because of the thing with the balls, or did you mount the brackets differently?
How do you remove the drawers?
Great help! Ths for making this video. I need to fix my vanity too. Also, where did you get the cover design for the top of your vanity?...:)
hey i loved the pattern under your glass what is it ??
The video linked below is private. Is there any way of accessing it?
Just bought this table so gonna look into doing this!
I'm about to buy the same table and I'm so so happy you did this video!
Love
How did you take the ball out the mechanisms 😭😭😭😭
That’s some bullshit, they shouldn’t sell it like that ! So mad , my husband will be like ‘nah screw that!’ 😭😭😭
Can you please let me kno where you bought the organisers from  Thanks
waw such a beautiful  organised drawers where will I get  n will be the  cost?
Hi! Can I ask you the height of the drawer?
wow how many lipstik do you use.i only have 2.one like my lip colour and two is like dark red
Do you think just adding the extra screw hole is enough to get the access of the full drawer or both cutting the balls and adding the extra hole.
+youngwildandpolished
Where were the containers bought? was this from ikea too?x
love you khitty♡♥
very good, good idea!
Thanks for the info! Definitely helped me with my custom vanity table. Be Beautiful!
Where are the makeup organizers from?
I have the same dressing table and it's not screwed to the wall. I have a tv on top and it's fine no wobbling or anything just make sure you have a level floor space and obv don't shake it or anything lol
how did you put that black and white print under neath the glass
Thanks for the info! Where do you get your clear plastic makeup trays from?
Just wondering how did you get that beautiful print under the glass top. im about to purchase this and I would love to do that.
I haven't bought the ikea malm dressing table yet but I would like to .. Just wondering , the glass top is there like a gap between the glass and table? Because how did U get the decorative print under the glass?? it isn't very safe to do your makeup ontop of a glass top.. Things can very easily smash
Thanks for posting this video...I was able to fix my Malm perfect!
the problem with the drawer on the Malm dressing table seems to be an ongoing problem.
where did you buy the glass like table top on your desk
Great video! Thanks for posting.
Hei, i want to buy that table in IKEA, but on their website, they say that the table have to be attached to the wall, is that true or can you leave it without attaching it to the wall? Pleasepleaseplease help me! :) *****
As in your vintage print?
We're is your top from?
I need one of those in my life;-) ASAP lol
thanks so much for posting this im def wanting to get one
Wow that was awesome.
yes, where do you get the dividers,nail polish holders etc from?
Hi girl were do u do ur blog sales
Where do you buy your drawer dividers? :-)
When I went to ikea I couldn't believe how tiny that table was. So we shopped around some more and I opted for the limmon desk top and 2 sets of Alex drawers under it. The reason for this is when I get my vanity girl mirror I don't want to mount it to the wall. Thanks for your videos they have truly helped me get my vanity organized.
The candles at bbw r 2 for 22 now
I'm so moving the tracks over for an extra inch!
If u dnt mind me asking, where did u get your love braclet from
Where is your top from?? This was very helpful because I'm thinking of buying myself this malm vanity. Thanks
How do I find your blog sales?
Love your nail color what is it please :)
When will you be having your sale? I am putting together small makeup kits to donate to women's shelters in my area so any makeup and brushes that I can get at a good price would be extremely helpful.
Omg You are just awesome! Thank you so so much!
That looks great, I'm going to get my hubby to do this. Wow you've really downgraded with your make-up
Omg I'm so thankful for this video,, finally I'm going to be able to fix mine too,,thank you so much!!!!!
