Thank you
Thank you so much❤️ I am a widow ..with your video my son and I were able to do it ourselves. Had a little problem removing the pipe from the old pump..used some wd-40 and was able to get it off and reuse the old pipe
This is likely a dumb question, but here I am: How do I know where the discharge lets out? I have some pipes outside the house for furnace exhaust, etc. I'm sure it's one of those, but it's just discharging back around the foundation if that's the case. Should it be a certain distance from the house, or as long as it's out of the pit, it's fine?
Thank you Chris 🙏
Why no primer before the glue on the pipe?
I love the commentary!
Thank you! I installed one this morning. This video was the key
Thank You.  This is a great tutorial.  Great resource.
I just changed out my own sump pump!!  Thank you!!!
Nice. Thanks for the video brother. You're saving people hundreds of dollars by sharing your knowledge
Thanks for this incredibly helpful video. We had record amounts of rain overnight and my sump pump died. This saved my hide! -Especially the remark about the direction of the arrows on the check valve! You sir, need a donation button on this video! :) Cheers to you!
i skipped the piping glue on the water base part in the bottom. everything was last minute i woke up late and heard my pump grinding and got a new one. so far seems to be pumping ok. is the glue a must? and if so what kind should i get and how long does it need to dry before i plop it  back in the water. thanks
Thank you for sharing great video.
Very professional!!   Great job on showing every single step you took while performing the removal and installation of the sump pump. Which brand of Sump Pump do you recommend?...Thank You!!!
My pump didn't exactly die, just the float portion of it no longer works. Pump stays on no matter what. Looks like I'll be replacing the pump now
Awesome video. Very helpful 😂
Well done, Chris! Thanks!
This was really helpful, we followed the steps in the video and were able to replace our sump pump without much hassle. Two thumbs up !
How do you drain the water from the current sub pump
How long ago was the pump being replaced installed?  Bad switch the cause of having to replace it ?  Would you recommend the Zoeller or Liberty pumps for reliability?  Which model ?  Thanks, great video
As a widow, I am having to learn how to do things myself. Thanks for the clear and easy instructions!
Thanks for sharing this video. My sump pump died and need to do it myself. You’re awesome.
Does the main water line to the house need to be turned off before replacing a sump pump? As I understand it, the black pipes leading to the sump pump are drains so as long as someone is not using a utility sink or something that would drain to the sump the main water line being on should not cause an issue during installation.
Really appreciate showing how to redo that straight discharge PVC pipe. Instructions didnt include what to do if the threads seized up from almost a decade of sucking rust/clay in to the threads. Spent an actual hour using various thread lubricant and methods. Even a proper plumber's wrench and a hammer wouldnt make it budge. Just kept shredding the PVC nut. Idk who you guys are but I love you.  Tldr. They showed me a simple replacement that wasnt included in my instruction guide.
My pump is making a gurgling noise, like a washing machine. So I appreciate this video on how to replace it
Showed me exactly what I needed to know!
Thank you for saving me installation charges on something I can do myself! 😊
Thank you Chris. This video saved me money. Happy Holidays! Take care
Nice clear, well lit, clear explanation. Great post!
Dude... great video.  No stupid long intro.  Right to the point.  Appreciate it.
Do I have to turn off the water before changing the sump???
Amazing how much this guy sounds like Apple Drains.
You make doing this job look easy.  Thanks for this resource for us homeowners!
Don't forget to clean out the pit while you're in there. Heck, you're already dirty anyway... Mine had about 3" of sediment on the bottom. After I removed the old pump I dug as much sediment  as I could out with my hands. That was pretty awful. Then I put about 2" of water in the pit and mixed it up really well with a broom. Then I used my wet/dry shop vac to suck all of the sediment out. It worked really well.
Use a pipe wrench on that PVC discharge line to remove it from the old pump
Your voice sounds a lot like Chuck from Apple Drains.
I noticed he changed the pipe, so I’m guessing it’s not wise to use the same pipe. Thanks
Awesome thanks for the review! Have to change mine tomorrow morning.
Well done !  Curious about vent holes... I believe M53's come with one vent hole  at the base of the unit yet in a ZOELLER video, they still strongly recommend weeping hole be drilled as it easily gets clogged(?).  My issue my drilled vent hole on discharge pipe splashes  everywhere even though I drilled it 45 degree DOWNWARD towards the pit.  Any suggestions if a vent hole needs to be drilled on discharge pipe  at all or is the factory drilled vent hole on the base of M53's enough ?  Thanks.
Really helpful video. Thanks 👍
Great! Thanks!
Thank you!  This was very helpful!
Why don't you use PVC pipe cleaner before applying PVC pipe adhesive?
Great video and instruction!  Just a question: should you run water into the sump to make sure the switch works?
thanks for handheld us through your video instruction. you are awesome.
I was gonna pay a friend to do this for me but after watching a few vids and seeing what all is needed I can handle this. I am wondering if I will be able to get the existing pvc pipe out of my sump pump and reuse it as I don't feel like doing any pipe cutting.
Excellent presentation.Thank you.
Great info, but what's up with no water running in when trying to install? How's that work? lol. Mine would at least be over half full by the time of this video. We want to see you having to wrestle with the water at the same time.
Thank you for making this video! I’m fairly handy but have never done a sump pump. I just replaced mine in 15 minutes with the help of your video.
That is PVC pipe but it is not PVC schedule 40. PVC Schedule 40 is for electrical use and is gray. White PVC pipe is for Plumbing like what you are doing.
I've made a couple thousand bucks changing out sump pumps. Past yr added to my other expertise plumbing,flooring,roofing etc here in New Jersey love it
Thank you for making this video. I’ve never changed one of these before, I was a little intimidated until I watched this. 😁
Can the check valve be installed horizontally? My pipes runs horizontal before it goes up vertically
wondering how to do this in 2' of water!
Don’t know what I’d do without YouTube lol
I just had a couple of questions.   1. Do we have to apply Teflon tape to the male adapter before we connect it to the sump pump?  2. Do we need to clean the pvc pipe with the pvc pipe cleaner then use the pvc glue to attach the pipe to the male adapter?   It would be a great help to get answers for these. Thank you.
Great video
Just installed a new sum pump after 20 years of use, It was making all kinds of noise so I figure it was time to replace it. Thanks for the video.
so part of bottom power cord always soaks in the water?
My husband died and I'm raising our 3 kids on the survivor benefits.  We are supposed to get a month's rain in the next 24 hours, and my sump pump went out.  I don't have the money to have anyone come out.  I have installed a few toilets and fixed leaky sink traps but that's it.  Today I replaced my sump pump, and my kids learned how too.  Thanks so much!
Thank you so much! I am feeling confident that I can now replace my sump pump on my own. I am a single mom of three without an income due to COVID-19. I can do this!
Why no primer before gluing     isn`t it code to use primer then glue?
Thank you nice job
Thank you Sir!
love Zoeller
Good video. Who is the background music by?
Holy smoke. Dude THANK YOU. You just saved me a couple hundred bucks.
I have a question. I have two clean water sump pumps and one for the sink, washer, and toilet. I think the one to the toilet is sealed. I am pretty sure we had to take off bolts to take the top off. Is this a different sump pump from the two groundwater sumps pumps that pump out the side of the house and on to the driveway? It still works but it will not always cut off. Just runs and runs so I have to turn it off manually. Now it is getting loud. Thanks
I ll make sure to never stream youtube tv or drink gatorade 0 drink thankyou ADs assholes
Thank you, Mister Sump Pump Dude. This video inspired me to do it myself today. $200 versus $900 plumber estimate. You saved me $700. I salute you with a glass of very good barleywine tonight. Cheers.
Thanks chuck
Dont drop the soap lmao
Nice!
how much water should drain from the check valve?
A question on the flow direction on the check valve water flow. According to your video the flow is point to upward direction and what happens the flow direction is pointing downward?   Appreciate your answer! If it is convenient,  you can email me your reply. Thanks! Enjoyed yours video!
...just another thank you...I'm on my way to pick up a new pump and install it myself...
Upon changing my sump pump, again, I cleaned the pit/liner first, before installing new sump pump. Also did the weeping hole per Zoeller manual. Pump is a Rigid 1/2 hp  I noticed the bottom is cracked.  I was quoted $990 to replace the pit.  I Google this issue first and found out, that there pit/ liner is suppose to have holes to allow water to come into the pit. And then the pump to eject the water outdoor. So, is the crack at issue then?  The water rises to it's previous  waterline that it doesn't even trigger the pump at. It used to get trigger to almost an hour, or not at all.  Should I leave the crack alone?
Same as many others, watching this gave me the information and confidence to replace ours by myself.  Really appreciate videos like this.
thank you
Did he use a new check valve? or the old one? He pulled a fitting off the top pipe, and the new check valve fit perfect....how did that happen if he used the old check valve???
Thank you for the video! I was about to pay an arm and a leg to have mine replaced. Lol! I feel confident in taking on this repair.
Dont worry about primer, "In both tests, the primer had a negative effect on the strength of the pipes." https://www.plumbingsupply.com/the-great-pvc-primer-debate.html
U made this look like child’s play!! Thanks soooo much, I feel confident in changing mine!
U done a good job.. But Can a open gap from the  black ⚫ cover allowed mouse 2 get in ur House?
This video saved my basement... A thousand thanks!
Thank you so much for this video! Its was so helpful😊
I have a sump pump that I think is to small in my house also the paperwork says from 2004 should I replace it I see water down there every now and again. And is there any way to know what size to get
Thank you this was a big help was able to get everything I needed before the sump pump went bad, & then it did.
Thank you for a informative video.
Anyone knows why water powered backup pump wont turn off? Any advice would be appreciated.
Thank you for this! My husband was away at work when our pump died. Thanks to this video I was able to change it myself. Thanks again!
There is a better technique in my opinion that probably would have been a lot cleaner and dryer. Especially for carpeted basements next to or by your sump pump that your replacing. If your not as experienced as the guy in this video, and you loosen the top of the check valve first you run the risk of having water go everywhere. You just have to loosen and remove the PVC piping from the bottom of the check valve first as opposed to the top (as shown in this video). Then stick a screwdriver up through the bottom of that check valve releasing all the actual valve. Just make sure that the check valve your about to release is over your drain before placing the screwdriver up there. After draining all the water out of the above PVC pipe you can then remove the entire check valve without water going everywhere. Please just respond if you have any questions about this technique. Thanks for reading!
Just wanted to say thanks, when I got home from work at 1:00 A.M. I found my sump pump had stopped working.  I thought I was going to have to call a plumber to replace it but after seeing your video I realized I could easily handle it, so when the store opened up I ran in got a new pump and 30 minutes after getting home I had a new pump in and running.  BTW thanks for mentioning to check the coupler for leaks, had a small one on the back of the pipe that I wouldn't have caught if hadn't ran my hand around the fitting like you said.  Great video, thanks again!
no weep hole?
Thank you for the help! Love the music. Sounds like oceans 11 background music haha
Thanks man; i unfortunately only have GFCI’s in the basement and I wasn’t sure if it was the receptacle, wet wiring, or the pump giving me problems. I narrowed it down to the pump using a wiggy and I was about to call someone to replace it, thinking it might be a complicated swap. I think I got it covered thanks to your video.
Our sump pump was replaced. The plumber placed the new pump on a paver block.  However, the paver block has been placed on mud and some gravel. Will the mud still clog the pump even though it rests on a paver block?
Most sump lids I've seen don't have that nice slot making it easy to install. Rookie mistake is you have to slide the pit cover over the pipe before check valve goes on or you will have to start over.
Very good DIY video. Thanks for sharing!
My M98 just burned out after only 5 years.  So much for Zoeller quality...
Thanks Atlantic Plumbing!
This video is great, easy to understand.
Thank you for this helpful video! I didn't realize I could do this myself. Saved some cash by going DIY.
No primer on the pipe and fitting?
what sump pump lid it's shown on the video?
My sump pump failed and I had water everywhere in my basement!!!! After I got the water out I was freaking out about how to replace the sum pump (ugh).I've watched many videos and I can honestly say,  I found yours to be the most beneficial.Glad I found you....it doesn't seem as creepy now.  Thank you.
Thanks for this.  I don't know how much $$ I saved with this DIY project.  At least $100.
