My dumb self used co2 on a empire mini gs. Now it’s leaking air, great.
Help me me a million 🎉.
Thanks for the great video
Still helpful in 2024!
Great video thanks for the helpful information.i have a older victor but the systematics are basically the same.
So I did everything in the video but I don't have air in my how tank gotta use the bike pump brb
Imma do everything in this video
Does anybody know where you can buy a new valve for my gun ?
Hi What is the make of the gun, please 😊
What type of material are the o rings made of, I know you can’t use just any type because the chemicals used in Co2 will melt of damage them
What marker is used in the thumbnail picture?
God and Jesus loves you all spread the gospel
Bro really honest thank u for ur video n the in detail but really boss if ppl are so fucking inept  that they need u explaining every single turn on a screw they have no biz. Taking anything apart . Form the rest of us damn boss move it along skip the bullshit n let's go ur vid coulda been 3 min. Long. Bro real talk
What’s the part that’s under the barrel you took off? I don’t have that on and my co2 sprayed out
Any place you could order a new seal cup or another brand that would work for the view loader .68
This might be a dumb question and I’m sure you won’t reply but will old co2 guns run hpa? I bought a spyder pilot acs as a little project. I’m pretty sure it’s supposed to run hpa anyways but just for future reference I’m curious. Now that I’m 20 I’m capable of getting all of the markers I wish I had when I was like 9 and instead of buying perfect condition ones I’m planning on just rebuilding them. Any tips and maybe an answer to my question?
what seal did you buy I got the same paintball gun and the cup seal is in peace's. please send me a link
thanks i had the same problem but im wondering where to get o rings? i ordered a kit on amazon i hope they fit cuz idk what size mine is but i was also wondering if maybe valves are all the same size? i have a spyder flash
Perfect video. I've got a new gun with air problems. I fixed my old gun about a year ago and all your tips were exactly on point with my experience. O rings are biggest problem. Just check and replace any of them with little cuts or rot. Make sure that metal valve doesn't have scratches or anything. It does make a difference.
I need help asap lol I just put my son paint ball gun together the store told me everything looked right but as soon as we shot like 10 times the paint balls started falling out of the barrel and getting stuck inside the barrel we cleaned it before use and everything and when we started fire the paint ball hit the board so hard it put a hugh all in it I need help because I'm really not good with paint ball guns and u can hear the co2 leaking out of the barrel
paintball finex leaking air out barrel and change the o rings 3 times and still dnt work
My valve is stuck in mine, and I cant get it out. If the o rings are as bad on it as they were on the bolt, that would explain the leaking. Help!
5 years later and you're still a life saver
Thanks for the video, 2 coworkers gave me all their paintball stuff, the markers are older ones but a spyder tl plus and a spyder e99 avant and they both leak down the barrel a tiny bit, I'm gonna check this out and see if it fixes them
I know I’m late, but on the valve, does the smaller hole go towards the cup seal, or the striker?
I just bought one for $15 because it got a leak. Now I can fix it and saved myself paying for a a brand new one.
Thank you so much it took me 5 hours and I Gave yo found this video and figured out what was wrong missing o ring for the last step lol thank you so much
I have a spyder pilot the dark green one, and i just bought new orings and now it’s j leaking inside the regulator where volumizer and valve go. it also has like a little hold I need help I can’t fix it. If anyone’s down to help reply please . I opened it and placed a new oring with sum lube but still leaking i’m guessing because of the holes.
I definitely ABANDONED THIS VIDEO XD
Thank you... Good tutorial video
merci beaucoup pour cette vidéo !!
Really good video,  pulled my gun out of storage about 3 months ago and hadn’t used it it over 10 years.  So had this issue after changing all they o-rings. Was honestly about to give up on it until I watched this video.  It’s actually frustrating after all this time, and people saying the guns dead no fixing it buy a new one scrap the old for parts and then watching this video an fixing the gun in less than 10 mins. Thank you for this video.
The gun i needed to fix was a cheap spyder victor but a 4$ box of o-rings saved me from having to go out an buy another spare gun for my son or who ever else wants to play and doesnt have one
Say good video, question can i use the auto motive seals if there the right size on replacing seal's.
Can compressed air leak?
Most of the paintball guns are the same process
I just picked up a Diablo Mongoose and it looks like the thumbnail picture, not the gun in the video. Whats the difference? And it also came with some upgrades like a longer barrel and a different regulator that I'm trying to identify but haven't had luck. Think you could help me out?
Helped thanks
Thank you thank you very much I appreciate you. To thumbs up
Hey I have a Diablo mongoose lcd screen and it's not leaking but when you pull the trigger nothing happens the battery light is all the way full and it's cocked any ideas?
is it better to take it to the paintball store so they can fix it?
Best way to fix this!          DONT USE co2!
Try another type of lube the oil is what eats the o rings
Thank you for video I really needed it
Thanks It help me out on my spyder pilot acs.
What size  O-ring's did you use
Good video
Thanks a lot!!!! Bought three used paintball guns and worked on them forever tryin to figure it out and after watching this vid and fixing them all shoot great!!
Really helped!!! Thank you!!
Very helpful thanks
Thanks
Don't use co2 diablos are nice guns and co 2 can do a lot of internal damage
What exactly is that object you're referring as the "valve" ? Mines is all scratched up and can't seem to find a new one any where
where do you get the O-rings from? i looked on line but they want $7 for one. lol
bro had this gun, such a deliciously smooth trigger
My BB gun keeps leaking a lot of air through the barrel no matter how much i turn it please help!
i have a viewloader lancer and my valve body have two broken o rings does it matter which o ring i use
interesting video. just picked up a used Sheridan xts marker. (first one ever). since being a different style of gun i hope this video helps me fix my problem of Co2 leaking in the barrel area. but can't find a video of that specific brand and the "how to" for it.
NEow
If this doesn't fix mine I'm kicking your ass
You're a fucking idiot
this video spot on helped thanks alot
My pin valve is leaking and it's a brand new tank and it leaks out the barrel
This helped so much... Thank you
Make sure you eat before you make a video lol I can hear your stomach and its gross but you really helped me out so I'll let it slide
Thanks man my gun was leaking for like to weeks thanks soooo MUCH!!
my o ring was melted
Thanks so much fixed my er3 it was the screw
Thank you bro helped me out a lot finally got my paintball gun to stop leaking
hey I have a spyder pilot ACS e-marker and it has co2 leak and i checked where the air  goes thru and thers no problem there and idk how to take it apart i just got the gun 2 months ago thank you
Thank you very much. This helped me fix my problem.
Clint.  I have a diablo Mongoose that had air leaking down the barrel.  I used your video and was able to find the oring that was broken and replace it.  After I replaced it I did not hear any air leaking down the barrel but when I fire my gun the ball will only go about 5 feet and the gun will not recock.  Is there anything you could suggest to help me fix the problem?  Thank you!
OMG THIS HELPED SO MUCH YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND! NOW I CAN PLAY IN MY BACKYARD RIGHT NOW!! THANKS
you sir are a god
you sir are a god
you sir are a god
the valve where it shows you how much co2 is in the bottle
it comes flying out of the blow out valve
where you screw in the c02 bottle
m having trouble with my Flash LCD Spyder, whenever I put the c02 bottle in c02 comes flying out of the valve can someone help me please?
Thanks so much for the video. I got my gun off someone and this fixed two of the issues it had. Now I'm running into an issue where I cock it and then pull the trigger but it de-cocks and acts like I'm out of co2. Any ideas?
Thanks really helped get my gun working
i have the same gun and i cant take the trigger of and i want to put a new one in
We have the same screw driver set :D Hey man thanks for the video!
Thanks, it fixed the leak.
Thank you very much I thought I need to put my gun in to trash ☺
tanks man you help me out am new to this sports keep doing more videos man
wats the name of your gun i have the the exact same but dont know the name
Do more go kart stuff
