Thanks. your video was immensely helpful. i didn't think I'd be able to fix our machine and was facing a costly repair or buying a new one. i was amazed to see a video with the exact symptoms as ours was suffering. all the steps were very clear and within 24hrs my machine is back up and running. you deserve a beer.
Thank you for the clear and concise video. Much appreciated
God bless buddy appreciate it
Great video, very thorough. I have brushes on order and would not have thought about transport tabs or checking the commutator for irregularities that nibble the brushes faster. Also the diagnostic section (brushes or blockage) good to know.
Hello, do i have to pit the brushed at the aame angle? I got a pair but the y are a the exact opposite angle of the original brushes, wont they eventually wear down and make the correct angle?
Cheers mate the washing machine wouldn't spin so I put the new brushes in and it works great now!
hii,  in the 1:23  sorry I don't know the name of the part that you are spinning, if is full of water??? what should I do?? Thank you soo much!!!
Thanks
I am so thankful for this video. Sent a beer :) This is the second tie in 9 years I have had to fix my LIGHTLY used Blomberg/Beko. I fix it flat on the ground, so I don't need to remove my attached dryer. A little more of a pain, but with the extender you suggested it worked o.k. Thank you!
my spinning only for 10sek and stops working on spinning program,other program not working not spinning
I have replaced carbon brushes on my beko machine, but now it is making high pitched. noise when turning anticlockwise. Also unpleasant smell is thete
Hi could you tell me how to remove  a motor from   Beko WMB91442LW please my motor is different to this one and i cant seem to find the two screws at the back of the motor either
Awesome video ❤
Thanks a lot, zi enjoyed
This vidéo helpful
Good evening my wtg620m2w machine makes a noise when trying to spin and when i have removed the belt it spins  i have emptied the machine so theres no water any ideas what it could be please?
Hi, I just changed brushes on a Samsung eco bubble for the first time. It is working but seems to make noise while rotating, is it normal with new brushes?
we had a bosch wfo 2466gb the drum stopped turning  what could have been the problem
Thank you!  I'm in the US, and this was so helpful -- not saying there wasn't some physical effort and frustration, but hey, a bloody knuckle and a bit of a sweat (and two new brushes) later, and we're washing again!  My old brushes were worn unevenly -- one was well worn down and the other was 3 or 4x longer.  I'll make sure it's leveled once I get it back in place because I am assuming that maybe that is the reason for the uneven wear.
love this repair
My beko 5 years old still going it gets a boil wash every four months
What is the tools name to open the screws?
following these simple, well explained steps, i have successfully managed to repair my beko machine. thank you. beer donated.
My motor also was not turning but the brushes and the DC circuit board were FINE. No error codes. The problem was: The motor connector had broken cables, not visible! But pulling some just ripped them off, they were only attached by their insulation! Replacing the connector by crimping single insulated flat connectors on each cable and adding some hot glue to prevent their detachment fixed it for me.
I know this is an old video but my beko wm74155 isn't spinning, when it goes to the spin option it just makes a juddering noise for about 8 services (the noise sounds like a woodpecker if that helps)😅, do you think that's the brushes or something else?  Thanks
Thanks!
Thanks
Nice job
Thanks
Thanks Paul, managed to fix my washing machine thanks to this video. Beer’s on me. Cheers!
I just fixed my machine with this video. My brushes were stuck back, cleaned them and away it went. Thank you so much 👍👍👍
Plse my beko nathing in DISPLAY appear on
Just replaced mine and its now spinning but its struggling to spin freely. Any idea what could be the cause ?
I had a man out today ,he tipped the machine back a bit put a torch in and said your brushes are ok but you need a new motor . How possibly could he tell when he removed nothing and didn’t even try to put the machine on . Was I ripped off 20£ call out charge.
👏 Lots of Thanx sirrrrrrr❤
Thank you!😊
Just another thankyou for this, machine stopped spinning a couple days back. Ordered new brushes, put them in the old casings and we're washing again!
This is an excellent video
I've replaced the motor brushes, it did work and when spinning the motor its self has blown off. What did I do wrong 😢
Thank you very much for the video save me a new machine in this expensive cost of living time. Much appreciated mate
Thank you so much for these videos. So far I've replaced the switch board on my dryer and the carbon brushes on the washing machine, saving a lot of money! What a god send!
Thank you guys!
I have a beko washing machine qwm84 its stopped spinning.  Would it be the bushes thats gone and not the motor.
Very good job. I am glad Beko design their machines to be able to fix relatively easy, even the design of these two types of carbon brush casings, the inner part is the same in both and can take one out to put in the other like you demonstrated. They could have designed them to make it more difficult to change. Thank you.
Hi Paul, my beko machine has the e11 code ,the motor is turning and spinning fine,but there are some sparks from the motor. im guessing that its the brushes, would love your thoughts please. Plus , I couldnt have deciphered without your videos. Legend and thankyou.
I take off  the moto and the brosh is ok but is not working
Great video covering the exact model of motor that I had in my machine. Just fitted the new brushes today.  I actually turned the machine upside down and found it much easier to get at the motor.   A little bit of a water leak when all the hoses emptied, but I was prepared for that. Removing the motor inner bolts was fiddly, however I had some flexible socket drives and torx bits and managed to get them out. Replacing the brushes and cleaning the commutator was simple. However I struggled to get the drive belt back on. It was quite cold in my garage so I was worried about getting my fingers nipped. After a number of unsuccessful attempts I decided to use a couple of plastic cable ties (available from Screwfix/Tool station etc) to hold the belt on to the flywheel. I put on two ties securing  the belt to the flywheel (2o'clock and six o'clock) and then gently rotated until the belt went on. Reassembled the back panel,  turned over, switched on and hey presto the motor kicked into life.  Saved a few quid and prevented a serviceable machine from going to landfill. Thanks for all your help
As a 51 yr old woman living alone and not having a lot of money, this video was a god send I’ve managed to fit the new brushes and fix my machine .  Thank you so much very much appreciated 😊
The irony of having an advert for Currys play before this video...
You God damn legend! new brushes only a tenner and right before Christmas I'm so skint! Thanks
How do I spin
The machine completes washing cycle , drains too but does not complete spinning cycle. How can I fix it?
I didnt had 800 grid sand paper so i used 400 grid instead i hope it will be ok. Thank You for helpfull  video.
How do I access the parts shop, links on the left just pause the video
Thanks for the video! It was very helpful indeed.  However I will respectfully decline your request to subscribe, I’m not interested in keeping up to date with the latest videos on how to fix every washing machine known to man.  I will support the channel by liking your video, I hope this will suffice.
Can I ask what are you using to take  the motor bolts off, size and name would be greatly appreciated. Great video 👍🏼
How long does new brushes last ?
Great video, ordered the parts from you and fixed the machine, in the good books with my wife!
Hi  I have smasung washing machine and today it stopped spinning well it looks like it tries but it won't actually spekan appart minimal about inch moment back and forward I cleaned filter and all first then I took back and I event took the belt off but also on motor you can onky see minimum movement back and forward it wont engage as it shoudl be is the faulty motor or somethink what may control the motor  Please advsie  Thanks Patrick
This vid has just resurrected my machine for about £6. Thank you kindly. I have paypaled you a beer. One question it is squeaking a bit I'm assuming that will subside as they are warn in. Did not seem to be a lot of scope for changing the angle of the carbon contacts.
Thank you so much. I followed every step in this very clear video and we have a fully working washing machine for a £10😀 Such a relief to hear the motor spin :) A beer is already on its way.🍺
Beko machine as in the video, took off the motor as described, and found that the thin insulation strip from the actuator had slipped down so was effectively stopping contact with the brushes. Cut it off, put the machine back together and it works. Question is, is it safe to use?
Changed mine and put everything back correctly, now it make a tapping noise when spinning. Any advice
Great tutorial, thanks. That knocking noise on full spin is that a feature of the Beko, mine does the same, great work keep it up. Cheers.
Thanks for your video which is very helpful. I fixed my Beko washing machine just before I was going to buy a new one! Best video!
Great video. I have just removed the brushes. They are totally worn and black carbon dust everywhere . I am hoping the new ones fix the problem of the motor not working and spinning the drum when i fit them tomorrow. Thanks.
Hi. How do i get spare bolts for the communtator bracket. One of them stripped while i was trying to take it out
Thanks for that, it's a great help. The later versions don't have the rear bolts on the motor, just the two on the front. You can pull the motor off the rear locations. The brushes were too long to fit on my motor, so I had to file them down a little.
Moc děkuji. Pomoci tohoto videa se mi podařilo opravit pračku, která přestala fungovat.
Looking for a little help. I replaced the brushes & the machine is working but it is making a loud zzzzzzzzzz noise when the drum is turning.  There are also sparks coming from it during spin cycle. Any advice?
Thank you so much,  washing machine fixed in time for xmas. Life savers
Thank you so much!
Easy to follow guide and also when asked a question on Ebay store got a quick response too
Bought you a beer !
Thank you so much for this. I have a Beko WM6143 (2009) and I have successfully changed the brushes twice in it’s life using this video, the first time about 5 years ago and the second time a couple of months ago ... and so far so good 😊
Absolutely brilliant just fixed mine thank you so much
Very clear instructions. Excellent
Brilliant video! Thanks for explaining. Very helpful. Greetings from Holland
Question: If the Brushes are worn , would the diagnostic test on the machine still operate the drum spin?
I've now used this video twice - 3½ years apart, a reasonable lifetime for a set of brushes. Thanks for your help! :)
54 year old housewife, delighted with herself for changing the carbon brushes. My machine on spin cycle is music to my ears.  Now let me go to that beer button.
replaced the brushes like a pro thanks to you sir.. how do I buy you. beer?
Hi model is a beko wmb71543w and when I open up the motor there is no carbon brushes in there. Help or advise please.
Tons of beer to be received by Paul....
@paul .Brilliant turorial . My washing machine starts to spin does a couple of rotations and abruptly stops .i've checked filter its clear .Pump appears to function okay .machine 100% level . Could it still be a problem with drive belt or carbon brushes ? Any help much appreciated .
This video saved the day (and my wallet).  Excellent work and thank you very much!
I have a machine that will wash but not spin, could this be the brushes no arcing under the machine, ??
Hi Paul I’ve just cleared filter and the bushes the machine is now spinning but is louder any ideas?
Came so close to throwing out Washing Machine, thanks to you Ive saved tons on a new one!!! Enjoy the beer Paul :J)
ps how do i buy you a beer ! i clcik on the buy beer button but nothing happens on my desktop pc ?
worked great new set brushes under a tenner, a few probs fitting the belt back, but googled and saw the tip for using a cable tie to get belt back on, also another tip for home diy'ers get yourself a cheap 5 quid t bar screwdriver with torx or pozi bits, makes it easier to undo bolts on motor when you have the leverage etc, and the length of the t bar handle reaches bolts at the back, nice one for the advice, can do washing now ....
Thanks for the videos lads. It is already the second time that I fixed something learning from to your videos. First the tumble dryer, now the washing machine. Beer paid
I owe u a beer, should b more tho. Thank u, this video was very informative. Great stuff
Hi, I changed the brushes on my bosch w/m as it wasn't doing anything. Put it on a test run and it work through 2 different programs, then when we put in a wash it fills and then starts cycle but when it does a rotation of the drum it only does 1 rotation and the motor stops. It does this in all programs, any ideas?
Thanks dude worked a treat.
Just helped me out massively! I've sent you a beer or two!
Many thanks sir! Beer on the way!
Thank you, very useful and instructive video
Hi mine will spin but struggles and wont rotate on wash cycle. It tries but doesnt do full turn. Any one know the fault? The brushes look fine
Thanks! You've saved us 50 quid and   a visit from the repair guy during this  pandemic.
Hi, been trying to message you on your site but the message form does not work. Can you help? I am looking for a pair of motor brushes for a Beko WMX 73120B washing machine. I can't find this model number in you info. Could you let me know if you can supply the brushes for this machine . Many thanks. Alan
What if the big wheel is not moving ? And if we try hard to move then it will move with some noise.. (nothing stuck in heater)
Never buy Beko, period.
In my long experience cleaning the com is a waist of time & more likely to damage than fix any problem. It won't fix the problem if one of the segments are lifting. After starting with the cleaning ( & sewing sparks ville for long time), tried not cleaning  & not problems for the next 8000 sets. Maybe on some equipment it's different just talking about wm motors
Great video as it was exactly my machine and was clear and easy to achieve, machine working again for £15. Trying to buy you a beer but link does not let me !!!!
An eBay seller sold me a set of carbon brushes for my C.E. Set motor and the carbon was the wrong way around, resulting in only the sharp edge making contact with the commutator. I dont understand why the brush was incompatible with my motor? Why would they manufacture a specific type of brush in two different versions? You live and learn?
Hi there, I put new washers on my washing machine last night as it wasnt spinning. I done one load last night and it worked perfectly. Done another load this morning and it has stopped spinning again. Anything I could have done wrong?
My Beko spins slowly, could that be bushes as well?
Hi Paul, I watched your YouTube video on how to change the carbon brushes on a Beko and I managed to fix it all by myself, 8 months pregnant and all! Thank you so much!  I have changed the carbon brushes and the machine is now spinning (it wasn't before) I ran a quick 30 minute cycle and it worked perfectly, only thing is it is making a whining sound when spinning. I went back in and I have used sandpaper to clean the commutator as there were a few little sharp edges, but the noise persists...What could this be?   Before I got around to changing the carbon brushes, I have cleaned out the filter, I have checked for foreign objects through the heating element slot and the drive belt is in excellent condition.   Please ca you help, what could the issue be?  Thank you so much!  C  PS: how can I buy you a beer? the link via the video isn't working!! :(
Not gonna buy you a beer yet, but think you may have it sorted, just took off motor and looks like bushes have worn out. Good Man!!
Absolute legend mate beer on its way.. I will say though that when I tried to take the motor out I didn’t have a star bit suitable, but managed to replace the brushes whilst the motor was in place... missus over the moon no more laundrette... browny points my end I’m basically like a modern day Jesus in my house 🤣cheers mate
If i hadn't watched this i would have wasted alot of money, only cost me £6.90 for brushes, and surprisingly simple to do, now works a treat, thanks👍
Thanks bro.im interesting
Hi, Superb video, but i may of missed something, when i got the motor of i found that about 5 in a row of the commutator lugs are raised, does this mean i need a new motor, the brushes are fine by the way, but getting a clicking noise when i spin the motor by hand.
Hi I've checked the machine and it came up with a E11 error code. It fills up it drains fine. But wont spin. I've checked the belt and carbon brushes they seem fine... anything else it could be??
its easier two just by ah new one they are like £220 they did cost even more years ago
Thank you, you have save my washing machine, great tip to replace the casing as the part i ordered didn't fit. My other half thinks i am a hero now thanks to this excellent tutorial. I have donated towards a round. Cheers !
Hi my machine sometimes run complete and sometimes not spinning
I clicked on buy a beer that's it . how do I pay for it . Usually a drop down to pay but nothing. Let me know coz you deserve a few for helping me .
Thanks Mr Paul, I am saving up for a big trip and could not really want to buy a new washing machine. I followed your guidance . I listen and watched this twice and I am super happy , I a girl fixed the washing machine and yes I can afford to buy youa beer . I watched several and you were the best . I norminate you for an award. Thanks Paul.
Thank you!
I appreciate that you put these videos to help people with their repair. I am not that handy and probably won't be repairing a washing machine. However, many years ago my father tried to have a go. It was the pre-youtube age. There was no guide and he was just guessing. I wish he got to see this video!
I was about to call an "Oh dear that's a big job" engineer, when I saw this. I replaced the brushes and my machine works again. Thanks, and a beer is coming your way!
I will get you a beer fella!!!! playing your video as I was taking my brushes out
Cancel that I was being stupid lol. I have bought you a beer sir and I thank you
Mate your a legend it was exactly what you said and I want to buy you a beer but the link on the screen is not working.
what happen to our washing machine if i flug it our electricity got shotdown?what is the problem sir please need help.
thanx bro !!!!!
Followed the instruction as the machine wouldn't spin.... It now works but gets stuck mid cycle and won't move on... Won't spin at high revs and then empties and stops.... Wet clothes. Little or no heat.
Big thanks for the video. I was able to fix my beko washing machine by following the advice!!! Much appreciated.
Just wondered if not removing transit bolts in error could cause carbon brushes to be worn quickly?
What the screwdriver or socket set used to undo the moter? Thanks
Big big big thanks
Great tutorial n really helped me out. Beer bought. Cheers!
Hi, great, found brushes were faulty, but commutator surfaces look a bit granular. What's the best way to clean them, and if they are deteriorated, what next? Thanks
Thanks for the making video its save my £300.😁😁😁
Absolutely brilliant. Thank you so much.
Hi thanks for such a detailed video very useful. How ever I need some advice on installing the belt. So how many threads on the motor the belt should be from outwards to inwards thanks. Please any help would be grateful
Best video guide I've seen for this procedure, and it's specific for our machine too! Doing the job ourselves saved a lot of time and loads of cash. Well worth the price of a beer!
The power of YouTube! This has just saved me having to go and buy a new Machine, beer on the way to you sir!
Thank you,thank you,thank you so much for your upload.My wife has a BEKO WME7267S washing machine,that uptil yesterday evening was working fine.We she put in another load to wash,the drum wasn't moving at all.I had carried out ALL the test sequence and couldn't work out what was wrong.That was until i watched this video of yours.I took out the 2x motor bushes last night and there was only a small amount of the "Carbon" rods left on them.So first thing this morning off i went to my local appliance parts shop and bought a brand new set of motor bushes.Connected everything back up and the machine is working like a gem.
Can you reply with a link to buy the silver extension tool you used during this video. Ive been searching for ages 🙈
cheers for the video just unclogged my brushes which were stopping the motor from spinning cheers your a star
Your video is very helpful and solved my problem after watching it. Thank you very much !
Hi, my Bosh Classixx 1400 Express washing machine is making an awful noise as shown in the video https://youtu.be/M0R_e0_aDKM Do you think it is something simple like the belt needs replacing? I have replaced a belt on previous washing machines so I could order a new belt and fix it myself.
Many thanks! £10 for brushes fix, rather than new washing machine. Only awkward part  prizing motor out (flat head needed for leverage) and then those back 2 bolts out that hold motor, and as you say, the right tools go a long way. Tip for those about to have a go at this repair - wear latex gloves as the carbon deposits are all over the place once you get the motor off.
Hi there. Great video but any idea how to test a fairly new ( couple of years old) Beko WMB series washing machine that has a brushless motor (think it may be an inverter motor). The motor won't run at all on any program and no error code when I put it into the test mode as per your video. Cheers
followed all the instructions now it's working fine thank you
thanks a lot.my washmashine is sorted now.thanks
followed it up until you have to remove the motor. it seems very tightly fitted to the bracket at the back. couldnt squeeze a screwdriver to prize it. any ideas?
thanks for sharing this with us, thumbs up
I just replaced the brushes, following all the steps here. But the machine won't turn on. Completely no power... please help
paul thanks a lot keep up the goodwork
Awesome video - I managed to repair our Beko WME8227W washing machine by turning it up at 45 degrees and accessing the carbon brushes from the back/bottom, unscrewing them to assess damage and without having to replace them (one had just become a little jammed and wasn't springing out properly) managed to make it work again! Many thanks, I have bought you a beer or two! :)
Hi Paul, thank you so much for this video - You helped me change my brushes, I bought you a pint, so simple, thanks!! I also subscribed.
i don't remember the motor being that hard to take out on a WMA510, it came out through the back with ease
thanks a million for this video. Water got filled up in the pipe and upon emptying it, the machine could spin again. This has made me to save some good Euros. Thanks again
Excellent video,  after struggling for half hour getting the back right hand screw off the motor (not using the correct size ratchet) i finally got there, i realised one of the carbon brushes had worn down saving us on a new motor.  I have ordered some new brushes thanks to you for this brilliant video, cheers.
When I run the test mode mine wont spin counterclockwise, it spins clockwise and passes all other tests, in normal mode i start any cycle and it stops after a few minutes and just stops, could it be the brushes.
awesome tutorial you have saved a lot of money, thank you I've also brought you pint on your website.
My beko is turning on lights on but when I press start nothing happens the belt is fine ,is this the brushes
My machine had been making metallic grating noises (probably sparking) before it stopped turning.  One brush was badly worn, but still in contact with the commutator.  I cleaned the commutator with some wet and dry and it started working again.  New brushes are in the post while the machine is in bits.  You can check whether there is a problem with the brushes/commutator without removing the motor by putting a continuity tester across the pins in the big plug (I used an LED and some batteries).  Turn the shaft slowly and there should be no break in the circuit as it turns (the LED stays lit if it is ok).
I have a Beko WM6167W washing machine what size tools do I need to remove drive and brushes please??
Even after removing the bolts the motor seems stuck. It doesn't move a millimeter even when i apply counterpressure. Any thoughts ?
Thank you very much! So useful video i haven't seen on You Tube! You help me to solve pump problems, and when I make full check I found A LOT of garbage everywhere in and near the pump. Also checked carbon brushes, they was dead. I will buy you a beer with pleasure!  Have a nice day.  Simeon.
9 kg w machine error plees slothion
What size torque screw  is that?
what would be the issue if the machine does spin but starts and stops intermitently ?
really helpful video
hi, what size is the pulley wheel? thanks
Thank you Paul! Went from panicking at the sight of the broken washer to having fixed it myself in less than 24 hours. Have bought you a beer, enjoy!
Thanks for this video - I'm a mum of three and have just replaced my washing machines carbon brushes with ease......saved my at least £100!  Also, some really useful tips throughout! Thank you :)
Thanks so much for this. Without your video we wouldn't have attempted our successful repair. My hubby is going to 'buy you a beer'. :)
Hiya, my machine stopped working and want to call a repair person... any chance of a quick diagnostic?  https://youtu.be/TNULHd65jR4
Thanks for the video :D didn't know my machine even had a filter. Checked that and a load of metal linings came out.
thank you guys! i'm an engineering student and as soon i get my job i will buy you guys a beer :) :D
