Thank u so much for ur ingenuity!
De cuantos grados es el angulo longitudinal. Gracias
What is the exact dihedral angle on a 2 frequency dome??
Good
where can i buy the plan, for 3v dome with diameter of about 3.5 m?
Dobrý den. Lze objednat plány? Hello. Can I order plans? (translator used)
why you do not show most important angle of this 0:46 how much is  angle ???????????otherwise how can i build dome.
Why should I cover three with plastic as opposed to covering the whole thing with a giant plastic sheet like some other designs? Thanks!
Fantastic video. worth more than i know to say
Expert work
how do you come up with angle that you rip the board in half. I guess it depends on the size of your dome. is there a formula for figuring that out
A very helpful video. (Everywhere I look, though, the actual math of calculating bevel angles is missing.)  You also asked if there is a cheaper way to make domes - there may be one, though it does not have the aesthetics of joinery. Check out zip tie domes (TN, USA).
We all in Holtspur Beaconsfield may well build a glass dome and replace the church here,. Glass Biodomes and ones like your brilliant tuition mini YouTube documentaries are really helping raise living standards around the globe. Thank you very much Paul. It is looking like all the dwellings around here should and must try to be alloted equal fair share of land to live off grid in and around. Glass Biodomes look much more perfect, heavenly and celestial.I would love to help turn the whole globe into Ecovillages with 316 marine grade stainless steel off grid plumbing (without lead solder)
Very ingenious design, if you can start with logs, it should save more materials. I think there is no need to stagger since there are two layers. Not concise enough.
Excellent, thanks!
This is amazing! Such a great method... I was just wondering if you have any info on how to find those bevel angles on a sketch up model...
Thank you for sharing this.. what's the ° of the cut
Hey Paul, when you say frames won't pack down as well, you mean there will be gaps?
Just started watching, this is so interesting. I would love to make one out of resin, what do you think?
Geometric power! it is inherited from ancient time, a forever great force,  not only human being is benefit from it, other creatures too.
Thank you
many thanks ! Cheers
Hmmm, you explain it as one size of triangle element, but on the next visualisation it's clearly different sizes of triangles? How does that work?
Hi Paul, Thank you for all these precious info. Question : Have you ever tried to use glass instead of polycarbonat ? Can this type of structure can handle the weight ?  Thank you for your help
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i want to find the exact mesure for the triangle for a 3v beveled frame of a 30 ft dome
Hello Paul. Does this method work using the krutschke method? I am in love with the appearance of this construction.
is there a way or formula to know what the angle of the bevel should be in degrees?
Are there calculations that show the relationships between the jig size (panel size) and the angle of the bevel cut and how that relates to the overall structure size? If you get the relationship between the length and the bevel edge wrong it wont line up right.
You are talented Mr Robinson.  If you wrote a book I'd buy it in a snap.  This looks like it would do the job, but if you were building a dome for your family what would you use "personally", what would you decide on for a hub that would be labour saving, would last a few seasons and would bring the highest level of stability to the structure.  What would you choose for your hub.  Would it be the new hub connectors you are working on?
super how you explained!! Thanks - I hope we will build one!!!
Nice work bro, helped me a lot! Thks
What a great video. Love the idea of the jig and how to cover.. A huge help. Thanks
Woodglut has a lot of designs to choose from.
How would you solve condensation in doubble layer glass? Argon gas will work if its 100% sealed, but might not work if its timber?
Now lets do this with round timbers and we are on to something.
That's genius! Now I need to figure out the angle and the dimensions... do you have some kind of calculator for that? Thanks for sharing!
Can you do this with 2x2 members? (2x4 ripped in half)
What length of stutts your using
You you please tell me what size timber your using
I’m trying to make a hanging chair that’s basically 1/2 of a dome using this method.  Now, I don’t have very strong math skills whatsoever so finding the bevel degree is really difficult.  So could you explain how to calculate the bevel?  As in how do you find the dihedral angle?
Please, I need the dihedral angle for a 1v Dome-- I believe it to be 54 Degrees but would like confirmation. Thanks
Ehhh....ehhhh.....ehmmm.....eehhhh.....eehhhh.....ehmmmm....eeeehhhh
what is the angle of the bevel cut?
la foto final, no corresponde con la tecnica descripta y propuesta en el video / the final photo does not correspond to the technique described and proposed in the video
great to see. are there plans for this? - or a paypal i can contribute to for the plans?
If only some store sold this priced by the triangle already premade with a self locking no tools required feature
Great video.   I wish I'd watched it before I ordered my hub kit, as it's not as complex as I'd imagined - and I have a table saw so itd be a doddle :)
So, how is the dihedral angle between the triangles determined?
Hi Paul, do you still feel this is the most cost effective easiest method to build a dome frame? Specifically one suitable to live in.
Would you be willing to explain how the bevel angle of struts is calculated? How does one work out the dihedron angle? I'm struggling to find a formula. Thanks so much, really great video!
very nice.
, i`ll work ona dome Project in 2016, ecsact like this way. was on you web page , thx for the work.  im asking if you have a tool for calculate a ZOM(swiss re tower) ? that would be nice!
for that construction eem  for using the dome  eeemmm  for the grow some food eeemmm  or somethink like eeeem on the picture eeeeemmm at the end eeeeem it is no neseseraly eeem... u need more subjects for that to hold the wint any way
eem . eem . eem .eemmmm eemme eemm eemm mm memememmeememememee memememememememe
BORING!!!...do you really want to teach how to build a dome or just want to show off your 3D skills
Click*
Спасибо , очень интересно...
Could this wood shape be substituted by ribar enforced concrete?
Hello Paul,  Do you sell the plans for this so that I may obtain a cutlist?
are the triangles all equilateral?  you didn't show the  dimensions of each side.  Are all triangles exactly the same for the entire globe?  (I guess I am unclear on the meaning of '2-frequency')
Zip tie dome is more efficient n stronger n no trees r used xcept if u want a floor
Yeah. this is brilliant! Nice work. I can tell you spent some hours scratching your head to come up with it!
I love the idea of building this but how do you calculate the length of each strut?
Paul, on a 2V dome , using 30mm x 60mm wood what would be the dimension/thickness of the wedge at 0:32 of the video using my scenario, I would very much appreciate your information and your advice. thank you
Paul, you are very generous to share so much of your know how. Thanks, I didn't know I was so interested in domes ;-)
Thank you for doing all these instructive videos !!
what is a hobe ?
i love trimming wood floosh. :)
I built one :-)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k143mA5TzAw
The best! Plus Geothermal would be the perfect greenhouse! Thank you.
Lovely thanks for this :)
Exactly what I was looking for.  Thanks for sharing.  This video will stand the test of time.
I can't use wood where I am, due to termites and very humid conditions. I was hoping to use some sort of polymer piping.....maybe ABS. Have you consolidated all these great videos into a DVD for download, or a book perhaps ? Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for this it really helped me understand the angles! 👍🙏
Great work!
Not once has anyone mentioned the angles inside the isosceles triangle, which should remain the same if you've got lengths cut using the formula, or the option of only bevelling the triangles that fit between the pentagons to keep strength and save labour. It would seem like this idea is straightforward until you start constructing it yourself and then you realise there's alot of useful, information missing. I hate to criticise given the nature of the subject but I can't help thinking that really basic stuff needs to be covered first. Using the jig in this manner is also redundant if you've ordered your lengths to size already and can't afford to have offcuts.. I tried a prototype built with pentagons, and although not as strong, may well be adequate for a greenhouse type structure where nothing is being fixed to the inside.. The angles where the faces meet create too much stress on the joins so definitely not weight bearing as far as I can tell..
I cant help but think that making Pentagon panels would save on wood and time and you would only need to make a few triangular frames to join them? I wonder if the pinned joins in a pentagon would be under more or less stress than the triangular ones
Hmmmmm, I thought about this for a long while & I've got nowhere on it.  Plz take a look at it.    Between a pair of two identical/symmetical triangles (ex: 2 freq hexagon & hexagon) it's intuitive the bevel angle is half of their dihedral angle.    But between a pair of two different triangles (ex: 2 freq hexagon & pentagon) it's intuitive the bevel angle would be NOT quite half of their dihedral angle.    Any comments might help, Thks
This is fantastic! Well done! Clear and concise. Thank you!
Dear Paul! Tell me, please, how large can a non-hub dome be? And what size of timber is needed when building a dome 11 meters in diameter.
Thank you, Paul! You are very attentive to details. Many important nuances.
Nice vid very well thought out ~as small note : if plywood was chosen as a covering then strut lengths should be restricted to the width of the plywood sheet and this would  increase the speed of a project and reduce wastage
Unless you could get the glass panels cut directly from the factory, and not cut after the fact, it seems to be a lot of wasted material being cut to make it a triangle.... Hopefully the factory could cut it at the 60 degree angles as this glass is being made....
Thanks for posting this.  We bought your plan this year and are finally getting around to building the dome part of our greenhouse.  This along with your plan will help us a lot!
I cant understand these English terms .What is angle of the bevel one ? 6.5? I ordered plans and asked Paul Robinson questions about it. He did not answer to me clearly. Just linked video.... "This bevel is half of die iqul angle " What does that even means? Can I get help from someone else?
How do you figure the angle cuts for the the pieces that make up the triangle prior to fastening the jigs?
I have a way of doing something similar to this, but  with any skape struts... the ends are halved, then overlapping eachoter.
Disadvantage: lots of ripping, requiring a table saw, more work, as each strut is double, and more chance of leaks.
What are the dimensions of the wood depicted in the video?
I love the detail you showed  at the end. The whole idea is awesome.
I like this system, but the endgrain you drew at 5:00 is strange.
I loved that
Mолодец! Regular fellow, It is clear even the deaf Papuans!.))
eh-um eh-um
as a woodworker i find this much more 'logical' to me...  i like the 'no hubs'...  no matter what other material i've seen - pvc, EMT etc, the intersections always seem to be unwieldy and the the point that will rip the plastic.
tremendo aporte, gracias por tu tiempo.-
At 1:10 you mention using a thicker piece of wood and cutting down the center. I want to use this method because it saves money on lumber. However my father keeps warning me that cutting a piece of lumber down the center (aka: ripping) causes the cut pieces to warp. It would be impossible to build a geodesic dome with such curvature in the struts.  How do you address this problem?
awesome video...however, a follow-up with how to calculate the length and how to calculate the angle of the 'fillet' to achieve the required curvature would be very much appreciated...that said, it all just clicked in my mind.  have a potential project where I would like to make a half-geo dome wrapped around a 'regular' shed shape at the top of my garden after levelling it off.  it's like the north face of the igor right now!!
beautiful results......a lot of precise calculations...but bravo.....I'm wondering only about...insects that eat wood...upkeep over the wood surface, and load bearing for windows and other materials  such as metal  and other plastic related insulation......and finally what kind of energz...or heat loss is released from a structure like this with any combination of windows and covering . Okay, I'll stop complaining. It's a beauty....
Hi Paul,  Built a dome using the plans I purchased from you last year. Worked out great, very easy to build once you can wrap your head around the angle cuts and how it all comes together. This video would have been great to help visualize things. Glad it is out there now for those taking the plunge and building their own.
Респект!!!
Thank you so much for this video, it really helps to visualize. I would have to say you are the first person to be this detailed about this specific technique. I've been trying to learn this technique since I got a glimpse of Bucky's 60's Popular science version. I never could locate one of the plans... Still looking though.
Great video lovely detail
also, how do you screw all the triangles together at the hub?  it seems like one triangle would be left out if I screw them in at the ends
Fabulous episode of a most worthwhile series. Thankyou.
Thanks you very much for this video. Everything is very clear.
What's the relation of the dihedral angle to the cut? There is a 90 degree but what angle should the saw be set to cut the bevel?
You gloss over the jigs fairly quickly and I couldn't tell if there was anything tricky about them. Are they attached to the plywood at flat 90 degree angles with all of the multiple angles accounted for in the beveled struts in the triangles? And is it obvious which way the beveled struts should be placed in the jigs or is it easy to get them reversed (upside down or backward) if you're not paying close attention?
Where do i get the "di-hedral" make the bevels you speak of?
Greetings, please check your email. I think the plans I purchased are missing some dimensions. Great video, thanks
Thanks Paul. Rip 2 bevels at the same time. Thanks.
what us the bevel angle for the 4v so I can build it in this method
Hi paul, i always get leaking in my dome and other people I've spoken to that have used this method say that they struggle with this problem too. Any advice when using rigid polycarbonate? i used the glazing tape but all the panels fell off in the wind
Paul, this build method is by far the best.  You are a genius and thanks for making this method public.  If it ever gets warm here in Wisconsin, I plan to build my first beveled frame dome this Spring.
I'm trying this for the first time. Can someone help me with the math? How to determine the diequal angle and the size of the triangles.  I want to build a 10' diameter dome set on a 3" high knee wall. The bevel method seem to be the least complicated. This is for my granddaughters green house. I think it will be a fun learning experience for them. ... and me.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. Jim Mc
Realy nice video. But! The damn screw at 5:42 is reverse treaded, couldn't stop focusing on it.
Beautiful video thank you very much. Could you tell me what angle I have to cut the wood?
I dont know how about cost. But need more effective place on ground. I think it would be better improve floor radius to square. As in growing its important. Tunnel growing popular is because of square. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=952822011520138&set=pcb.1264758776912193&type=3
thanks for your effort ,,, what you mean  by building a tent ???  is it not to  use a fabric
