Does it have to be medical grade petroleum? Can I use Vaseline?
Excited for my pomade making journey, been making candles for a while so shouldn’t be too much of a learning curve
"Petro" Short for petroleum jelly or something of the like. It comes from the same barrel of crude oil as diesel, kerosine and gasoline. Usually known as Vaseline. Of course it's cheap so the short cutters use it. Do your research.
Hi, i need number of gram for Stong hold!!!
Bro .. just got on your channel and subs.. just wanted to ask what do you call that equipment where you cook the pomade
You need to grow out your hair mate. Try out the product :)
What did he used? Is that essential or fragrance oil?
Super cool video and very useful information! You are the greatest! Thanks!
Make your own pomade brand!
I mean i'm thankful for the insight, but  god it bothers me how dirty everything is. Also he wears a glove on his right hand, but still touches the ingredients with his left hand, that has no glove
Can I use food coloring to add color in my pomade?
No preservative needed?
My indredients beeswax, microwax, petroleum jelly, vco and oil dyes. Why there is some unmixed particle like water drop in oil (bottom area). Any idea?
10 points for the speaker!!
hi, nice to meet me, arfan from indonesia, how to make pomade texture soft?,. thanks before..
28 Beeswax  28 Vaselin 20 castor oil 8 freguence ➖➖➖ If u wait 3 days, not medium pomade but STRONG HOLD POMADE 😂 ➖➖➖
He said that the pomade will be 2 oz, but how's the jar look so full inside?. The jar itself looks like 3,5 oz jar. #CMIIW
How can i set the hold and shine bro? Please give a tips
what's a good cosmetic ingredient supplier
What is the max brewing temp?
Can you recycle it if you fail?
You should name this pomade "BASICALLY"
I made my own palmade...and I started going bald..
My hair fell off im I'm going to sue you 🤣
This program shows pomade being made , sold & used , viewers discretion is advised
What is correct temp to add fragrance ?
Petroleum is toxic, do not use it
What is the name of the thing he used to cook ?
How about the flavor or smell? What product that we should add? Hm. Thanks.
Pleass with subtitle !
Don’t buy his shit or try this recipe. Just look at his head! It’s so bad that it killed his hair.
Very sterile 👍👍👍
Wish I would have payed attention in math class with conversions thought I'd never use it I was Wrong lol I'm a brewer now
Can I use Microwax instead of Lanolin to make it more sticky?
Where can I buy the apron you have on??
Why do i end up candle like structure at the top.  I even add more oil than beeswax
it is safe?
I'm trying to buy the fragrance oil but they keep on saying it's for candles can I use that?
Good job!👍👍👍👍thank you!  I  just made some. I wish I had seen your video first!
How many grams of petroleum did he use?
but I want strong hold
Is it ok to use vaseline petroleum jelly instead of petrol?
Thanks for this info I'm looking to make an all natural pomade  with the same consistency as a defi d struct paste ! Any help would be appreciated thanks
I can only find Videos on making Pomades. I would like to see how matte finish products are made, like clay pomades, pastes or waxes.
what is it made of?
can  you give me some tips  to make pomade more sticky ?
Another substitute for petroleum? Can i use coconut oil instead of castor oil?
I just recently started making my own Pomade and I'm thinking about starting my own company but I've had problems with beading I don't know really what to do I mean I use less beeswax it still happens or I wait longer for it to cool down and it I don't know really what to do I mean I use less beeswax it still happens or I wait longer for it to cool down before pouring it into a tin and still happens. IDK what to do?
what's ingredient? .. beeswax,fragrance oils,petroleum n pill what?
What is the difference between petroleum and petrolatum
What could you use to change the color of it? And for a more unrelated question, how do you make labels for the pomade?
could you use perfume or cologne for fragrence?
Rocky. Are u from Houston TX? And went to Black Middle school? Or is your dad name Rocky also and went to Black Middle school
What type of fragrance did you add?
Can we use candles instead of the wax
The only think I don't have is beeswax !!!!!
whats the petroleum for
Tips on how to brew extreme hold and high shine oil based, please? Thanks!
How would you make a water based pomade ?
Can you do a tutorial for a waterbased version?
That feel when you get raided by the DEA and then they find out you're cookin' pomade
And uh...
I need a water based pomade formula
how to make pomade strong hold and low shine ? please help me !!!!  thank y very much !!!!!
Lol this is the most ironic Video I've ever watched. A guy that doesn't have any hair is making hair pomade
what base temperature would you recommend? ball park
i think this would be cool if he did these kind of videos with other home brewers
can I replace petroleum with coconut oil?
if this is a medium hold then how would you make a stronger hold? would you just add more wax?
can i use vaseline for the petroleum?
How long it can be used.. Do I have to add others ingredient like preservative..
Why does a guy with no hair make pomade? Shady.
I have a question can you use candle wax or paraffin wax instead of beeswax
fucking dirty ass scale and utensils. what a joke.
rustin pomade. this guy acts like he's making a name brand pomade.castor oil and petroleum. dude just wants your head to be lard. lol dude burns his shit. hasn't he heard of double boiling. newb.
Wait what petrol like the gas or like the Vaseline one?
what's the difference on using Shea butter?
What can we sub with petroleum jelly??!   I have. Beewax sweet almond oil. Coconut oil and caster oil.
Does anyone know what the pot/cooker thing is that he uses to melt the materials ? +Rocky Lopez
How do you get clumps out?
Anyone else reckon this place looks like a fuckin meth lab.
Why does he look like hes working in a concentration camp
This was the most hipster video I have ever watched. Dear sweet baby Jesus....
sometimes the metric system is a lot easier to convert :'DDDDDD oh my kid , when is it not ?
its going to look great in his hair
im gonna try his product
You should defiantly make a wb pomade video, no one has one and it would be great insight , I'm a hair fan and do mine quite nice . If really like to know the basics of wb, please make a video - stein
Help me . What ingredients he used?
Who already tried this recipe? Does this pomade have build up?
how to make water based pomade?can u help me?pleaseee!
Does anyone know how to make a clay pomade? Sodium bentonite clay?
It's kinda of like a Meath lab but a pomade lab
so fucking boring to listen to. like a depressed zombie or something
what is the best substitute for castor oil
FYI: Petroleum is terrible for you hair.
does this ever go bad?
Hey James! Thanks for this video. This is super cool. Two questions I have for you and Rocky:   1. Every other tutorial or walkthrough I have seen recommended the use of a double boiler, which I notice Rocky does not use. Should I use one, or no? Would just a pot on a stove work?   2. Will you guys ever cover how to make a water-based pomade? I notice that stearic acid is an important ingredient in Rustin's WB pomades. I would love to know how to make a basic WB pomade, as I am considering starting to homebrew some pomade.   Again, thanks for all your reviews and the awesome tutorial! I really appreciate it.
where you get the scale at
Is it easy to wash out????
white beeswax make me unconfortable
i have made pomade with petroleum, bees wax, microcrystolin wax, coconut oil and bay rum sent. luxedeluxepomade was the name
what was that stupid hand gesture shit in the beginning
good
Hey Rocky! Where do you get your fragrance oils? Love the video going to try brewing some! Thanks
What is the ingredients besides beewax? can someone write down on this comment section one by one? Thank you.
Can you make a DIY video for Unorthodox WB pomades?
where do you get the petroleum
2 words 10 letters, NOT NATURAL
Alguien que hable español y me explique un poco !!!
It's weird, I did the same exact steps as you and my pomade hardened like a candle. Anybody have any advice?
How Ironic, a pomade brewer with short hair
man what can i do if i want a matte definition and strong hold ?
What oil is used as a substitution for petroleum? I read it somewhere but I forgot...
what kind of a heater is that?
"some petroleum" That's broad as fuck. Not buying rustin pomade that's for sure
Very interesting.
8:06
how to make pomade smooth?
please add slide containing preparation . thank
Thank you for this video! What kind of pot is he using?
What does adding Shea Butter do?
You call yourself the based pomp?!?! Bahahahahaha
what type of brewing pot did rocky use?
souper video...MORE VIDEO LIKE THIS...
00.57 "without you guys, I won't be here."  Then he blushed.  #awww I respect for your support to your friend's fighting against cancer.  Hope he/she will get well soon. 😊
Thank you for the video :)
I tried my best but I lost count of how many times he says, "uh". Hahaha!
Are the temperatures in fahrenheit or celsius?
How do you add colors to a pomade? Thanks.
It would be cool if he had a channel that gave an inside look at the production side of pomade.  I am definitely going to buy some Rustin to help support this entrepreneur.
How is rustin's waterbased pomade? any good?
is that Pomade black on purpose, just watched for the second time and def looks black! The pomp
Thank you so much for using 'the pomp' to be able to give us videos like this and the awesome discounts, thanks James! #thankyouthebasedpomp
Metric system rules
There are so many water based pomades coming out. are people making it from home?
Rocky my dude, thank you for the support! Excellent video!
Can you get petroleum from vasoline?
What filter is this cam doe
Is that in his bead room??? Cool video but kind of a weird setting with the full length mirror and the cloths gaming in the background.
where do you even buy petroleum? lol I looked it up online but couldn't really find anything other than petroleum for your car or vaseline...
Cool stuff. How does he test it out?
Is petroleum vaseline?
Very informative video. Relatively easy to make. I can see how this takes a lot of creativity and craftsmanship. I have a whole new level of respect for the people making pomade. Personally, I wouldn't work in such a cramped space with a heat source. But to each his or her own. I work in a medical laboratory so I'm always thinking safety. Anyway, thanks for a great video. Just another example of great American entrepreneurs making things happen. Cheers.
why is this video so blue:( don't be sad video, everything is going to be ok
That's great, thanks! Its cool to have a view inside the lab as well :)
I've been making pomade for about 8 months now. The cooling instructions were helpful. I ended up with a hole for the first 4 months before getting a little piece of advice from Clayton. It was cool of you guys to do this.
First
Lol he makes pompade but doesn't have hair
do I smell a collab coming ?
Hey Rocky, where did you get your apron, it looks awesome
awesome
Nice!
