What type of wood was used?
Followed this today and it didn't turn out very good at all. It was so dry it was inedible and I threw most of it out. Just realizing this recipe calls for no milk or any kind of moisture in it like a traditional meatloaf. I want to try it again but this recipe isn't it.
Intro song is very over played with so many YouTube channels.... great video though!!!!
It was scrumptious!  We made it Saturday afternoon and my husband says, “Follow the recipe to a T, it is PERFECT!”  Our relatives raved about the meatloaf and we have added it to our regular summer grilling recipes list.  Thank you!  🌝
How long does it stay in the freezer for? Also what wood did you use for the smoke?
Gee buddy you weren't kiddin when you said large bowl.
Great guide with the SNS. Thanks.
Forgot to tell us about the wood chunk he added, what kind?
Just made it and it was incredible. Thanks.
26 thumbs down? I will pray for those poor lost souls.  #veganscantdance
What wood did you use? If you mentioned it, I must have missed it.
Best BBQ meatloaf recipe I have come across so far. Looks good!
I like to wrap it in bacon then sauce it. 🔥
Was 350 degrees the grate temp or the lid reading?
Got my 2 loafs going on the Q and am following your recipe pretty darn closely. I'm wondering if smoke pellets in an Amazen mini-barrel might work as the smoking mechanism. Only trouble I see is my 22" Weber can't handle many "things" on it..  Anyway, thanks much for posting this. Very good video presence. (Talking about the loaf of course. haha)
Going to give this a try! Is that grated or shredded Parmesan cheese and how long did you keep loaf in freezer?
I love good meatloaf but seem to mess up every batch I make especially in the oven. Going to give this one a try on the grill with the same setup, sure looks good! I think I pack it too much. :-) Smoked anything is better than out of the oven so it should be good.
THIS MEATLOAF LOOKS PRETTY GOOD BUT,NOT AS GOOD AS SHOTGUN RED'S BBQ MEATLOAF THAT I MADE AND RECEIVED MULTIPLE PRAISES  ON---CHECK HIM OUT ON UTUBE
Where do I find the Charcoal separator thingy I see in your grill Thank you!!!!
I"m going to be cooking meatloaf for the very first time in my life and going to be smoking it. I'm not doing this exact recipe but going to to follow the cooking directions
I tried this today and it turned out awesome!  Are the onions supposed to cook down a bit? Mine were still pretty raw bit I'm wondering if it's because my kettle ran hot and finished early.
Sausage in meatloaf?  Wtf?  Ground pork, yes, but sausage?  I don’t want a smoked meat block.
Love meatloaf vids, but why are most vegetable loafs?
Looks good. Meatloaf is one of my favorite things to smoke - and eat!!! I use minute rice instead of bread crumbs. Seems to help keep the meat moist better than the bread crumbs.  Give that a try sometime and see what you think.
This was the first thing I cooked after getting my slow and sear plus. Turned out amazing.
Great job explaining everything great video 👍
You never used wood??
Made this tonight. First use of my Slow and Sear. Absolutely amazing! Best meatloaf ever!
Beautiful!  I'm always looking for new ways to enjoy ground venison on my grill. This looks awesome!  All I'll add is some jalapeños. Great job, David!!
Made this on my Traeger today. It came out fantastic! ! Thanks for the recipe!!
Awesome idea and it looks amazing! Good presentaion as well! A big thumbs up!
I really like how you talk and your recipe, well done !
Looks so tasty!!!
Great way, but 325?
what temp did you sauce the meatloaf at? looks amazing, can't wait to try it!
Nice work mate!
you didn't show how you transferred from the grate to the cutting board? Looks great!!!
I just use the basic recipe like you use.  I have never tried barbecue sauce I will try it this Sunday.  I do have one problem, I have a very hard time controlling the temperature with the slow and seer. What can you advise.
It looks delicious.  I plan on smoking one later this week or this weekend.  I love smoked meatloaf.
I liked the idea of forming the loaf inside the plastic wrap.  I've done meatloaf on the grill before and spent a lot of time forming it by hand.  Great tip!!!
We just posted a meatloaf recipe video... So I found my way to your channel to see how every people do it. Your meatloaf looked really good. Keep up the good work. Looked like it tasted great!
I have one of your rib rub recipes I got from one of your videos. Would it work good for this?
The last time I cooked meatloaf I wasn’t too happy with it. I may have to give meatloaf another shot with this recipe. Thanks David!
Great job, Jabin...
Now get some ketchup on there and we’ll be set. Great job, Jabin!! ✌️
Followed exact directions and best meatloaf I have ever tasted. Great instruction, Jabin. Only curious if you left out the adding wood chunks intentionally or just an oversight. You can see later in the vid there are a couple chunks in there.
Awesome need to try this, great work my friend...come on by my Channel like and sub....
Knocked that one out of the park Jabin! Nice video!
Looks Good!
Looks fantastic, and thanks for posting the recipe.  Can't wait to try it!
So how long do you leave it in the freezer?
Great vid!!! Mouth-watering meat loaf!!! never tryed since it's not a popular dish here in Catalonia but seeing your vid i've changed my mind, next bbq weekend a meat loaf goes in to my kettle, thank you!!!!
Will give this a go, minus the smoke. Mrs. does not like anything smoked. Maybe make two , one with and one without smoke. Now that I have my Limited Edition. What type of wood?
I am SO doing this next week while I'm on vacation... thanks Jabin!
Holy crap, Jabin! That looks freaking amazing. I've never craved meatloaf so hard before in my life. Great job, my friend!
That looks outstanding. I’m gonna have to try some substitutions as I am on a Paleo diet so...no breadcrumbs, no rubs or sauces with sugar. I’ll figure something out and be sure to try me some smoked meatloaf soon
OK, I'm cooking for just my wife and myself. This looks awesome... any tips on making a smaller meatloaf? I see so many things I want to grill with my Weber and my SNS, I just end up with too many leftovers! Not that I don't enjoy leftovers... yummy! Can't wait to try this meatloaf. Thanks for including the full recipe and instructions here.
Hey, J.P nice different meatloaf  I was darn near raised on that we had it most of the time on sundays after church made me think back to growing up in vidalia Ga, Thanks sir
I love using sausage in my meatloaf too. I can't wait to try a smoked one on my kettle, yours looked so delicious. I top mine with BBQ sauce too, Loyd won't eat it with ketchup, I can eat it either way. Thanks for sharing😃
That looks damn good.  Quick question:  Does the sauce take on an "oversmoked" flavor at all after being on the grill for an hour or so?  I try to not keep sauced stuff on the grill/in my smoker for too long so it doesn't turn bitter.
So...when did the wood go on??
You hit all my combinations brotha!! Looks delicious!! Gotta love science lol.
top result👍👍👍
Very nice Jabin. Good flavour combo too.   I like to add a stuffing of smoked ham and cheese :)
I wish I could subscribe to this channel twice.
I do love me some smoked meatloaf. One more for the grill to try this weekend.
Great vid Jabin!  This is definitely on the ‘to do’ list along with your pork loin! 👍🔥
"...go to town" Yep!
Very nice meatloaf
Thanks for this incredible video and recipe. I have become a subscriber and have activated notifications. Job well done!
MMM that sure looks good!
SO SO GOOD!  Best smoked meatloaf that I can remember eating!  You guys are in for a treat.
NEW Smoked Meatloaf Recipe!!   QUESTION: What is your favourite flavour combinations in your meatloaf?
