**** FOR AN UPDATE ON THE COUNTERTOP, PLEASE SEE MY LATEST KITCHEN UPDATE VIDEO!
How are your countertops today? I really like your videos, however, I used this company, and my counter tops get hardly any sunlight, but have yellowed so badly, I have to redo and go with a different epoxy company. Just curious how yours look today? Keep making your videos!! Your great!!
I applied epoxy to my kitchen bar, it looks fabulous BUT I have some bubble bumps! How can I avoid the bumps when I do my counter tops?
And for all the people that gave you great comments just shows you how many people are oblivious to reality but they hit that subscribe button so good for you omg
Oh my God who puts these people on the internet you don't know shit about what you're doing and I'm not trying to be rude but you're a homeowner that doesn't do this for a living but you're out there trying to make money off of it like you're going to get all these subscribers and all you worried about is putting a bunch of makeup on your face and talking about something you don't know get over yourself leave the business of epoxy to the professionals please enough is enough my God
I love love love that you only put a few of the gray veins in it..........soooooo sleek and sexy
What color for the veins did you take?  I am looking to do ours but pearl seems to be to bright.
I absolutely....LOVE your channel!!! Thank you for sharing your home reno's!!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Could you possibly tell me how to do my flooring
Come do miiiine😩💗
For when you did the veining did you just use paint and a stir stick? I saw you made a screen post of 91% alcohol, fx metallics and a spray bottle I’m wondering the process of which you did before you torched it again?
Didn't show doing the backsplash.
Hiya how much resin did u use for this.. thanks 😁👍🏼
Going back would you add more veins or do you like the stark white color?
Looks fabulous!
Wow this is beautiful.
Imagine doing all of this work and only having 2 veins  ☹️☹️
How’s it holding up?
Has it yellowed in the 2 years?
I would have like to see more artistic strokes but you bypassed all that,, thats the interesting thing about epoxy makeover, watching each persons technique, we saw you dribble 2 small lines then all finished, im sure you enjoyed doing all of it, i wish i could have seen it too, and it looks real, fabulous,
Gorgeous!
Why didn't you say how you make effect of the marble veins. Literally most important part goes unspoken. Garbage video
Can this be done over black granite and made white?
Is there an update video? I’m considering doing this over my dated granite along with the backsplash on a super tight remodel budget
what type of paint did you use to mix in with the epoxy?
I know this is old but for anyone considering doing this..tape off everything BEFORE you sand! The dust from sanding can interfere with taping off & leave you with a potential disaster of your cabinets. 👍
I want to try this. Either my counters will look terrible or they will look amazing. Gotta keep that mystery alive
How to doesn't start for over five minutes and multiple important steps are not shown or described.  Super sloppy wasteful technique.  Pass on to a different video if you really want to learn how to do an epoxy countertop.
I know this is old but I have come to this video twice now. The way you did it is by far the best looking that I have seen. Most people put waaaaaay too many veins in there and it looks messy. 😖 this is gorgeous!
Hi   I was looking for a diy video for epoxy countertop  Good effort and your countertop looks good bless but its not a diy  And the more good info could be share like what did you do with the epoxy drops on the edges which for good finished edges of countertop   Thnx for sharing
Love it!! Can you tell me what the purpose of the blow torch was?
May I ask, have you had any stains like red bell pepper or coffee that have shown up although you used the top coat?
9.5 minute video with 2.5 minutes of intro.  Less talk more instruction.
Have the counters yellowed at all with UV light?
Just wondering how your countertops have held up, I really want to changed my countertops!!
Hi do you have a video of how it’s holding up ?  please share thanks
Can you give an update, did it yellow over time?
I Love it 🥰 Girl u did ur thang🥰 and I Love ur new sink
YOU are super cute & this was very helpful ...BUT you really don't need to talk so much ..just get to point .  Thank You though & I mean NO disrespect. 😊
Update please. How is this holding up?
Has this yellowed at all 2 years later?
Looks amazing......thinking of doing this to my old granite countertops.....love the step by step tutorial you and your team did a great job 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Umm. Get on with it !
is this on granite countertop ? or laminate
Do not babble. Just the facts.
Just incredible! Do you know the color of your cabinets? They are beautiful!
How did you add the white color to the epoxy?
Sorry This is not a DIY. You pretty much had a professional and your husband are boyfriend do most of the work.
Beautiful !
Wowwww... turned out so beautifully!! At first I wondered why you wanted new counters since the old ones looked great... but this was worth it! So Gorgeous!!
Hi! Love this video. In order to do the veins, how many practice tries did you do in order to get the final product so perfect? Thank you!!!
looks great!! please do an update to show how it is wearing!! thanks
does the heat make the epoxy smooth? do i have to sand my porcelain top or pour the stuff directly without sanding?
So first coat of epoxy, let sit 12 hrs, then clear epoxy coat, let sit 12 hrs?
I’m watching this video because I’m ready to do my counter top .. thanks for sharing
How do you avoid the drips on the edges from drying?
This shawty talks a lot
That looks incredible! my wife and I  are getting ready to try something like this. Did you get the gray streaks from blowtorching the black veins or did you feather it out with a paint brush or something?
Thank you for posting! Great video! I am going to search for the update. I’m nervous and dragging my feet but my kitchen needs help. Still trying to decide which product.
How much it costs pls reply?
Is this permanent?
How has the countertop held up?  I'm an debating whether to do mine.
What color metallic did you use ?
Beautiful! So I have noticed the prices vary quite a bit between the three epoxy companies I have looked into. Laggari, Stonecoat and Countertop Epoxy all have different prices on their products. How much did it cost for you to do all of your counter space?
like the whiteness of ur countertop and its glossiness , it is clear like glass
What is your countertop made of?, awesome video BTW.
How much did the counter tops cost
Where did you get your black splash in your kitchen?
Wow beautiful
Can you show pictures of any yellowing the countertop has pls? I'm getting ready to do my sister's countertop the exact same and would like to show her the degree of yellowing to expect. U can post the pics on your blog and supply me with a link pls.
Hi. It looks beautiful !!!! 🤩 can you please tell me how did the color hold up? Did it amber/ yellow at all? Thank you
I’m looking into doing this in my kitchen. How are yours holding up?
Love it! I also have a diy video about turning my countertop into a marble one. Check it out 😍♥️
You are so beautiful from epoxy and beter than résine
Cool stuff. Needed more creativity on the grey detail on top of white. Looks good over all.
Your eyes are so pretty
Huge thanks for recording this. I'm about to order their epoxy for our laminate counters, and I'm thrilled to see y'all do this process so smoothly. My husband is always hesitant for DIYs but it looks like this won't be a bad one!!
I’ve watched this video a million times because I’m thinking about doing it on my vanity table. I loved exactly how you did it.💖
Lost me when you used rollers to apply the epoxy, use a proper trowel and chop it with a brush to further mix.
Can u paint over dark granite to white? I hate my dark grnite..
I'd rather just cut my own countertop lol
Turned out fantastic!  That's a beautiful kitchen.
Brilliant video but What would you do if you had a join in your old countertop with a small gap please
Did it yellow over time??? It is BEAUTIFUL! Prettiest marble epoxy I’ve seen 💗
She is beautiful just like the stops
Bet your strainer started to leak. Plumbers puddy instead of silicone is proper way to seal them
I love your countertops! We used StoneCoat, and did a less traditional finish, but it turned out great: https://kimberlyderting.blogspot.com/2019/08/kitchen-redux-part-two-countertop.html
WTF here I thought that she was the one that was going to do the work the hole process.  Uninstall the old install the new and show us on how she does it all.  All she did was use a paint roller and drip a couple lines across the counter top 😣😝😒.
Wow! You didn't make it look gaudy. Nice!
that's sickk
How much do I have to give you for the supplies for my countertop
Nice
Thank you for sharing this awesome video. I’ve read in a few places that white epoxy countertops tend to yellow over time due to UV light from the sun. Have you experienced any of this or noticed a change in the white color? Could you do a follow-up video on how it’s doing and what you would change, if anything, if you could go back? We’re thinking of doing our countertop too. Thanks again!
do you have to torch it?
Great video. What is your original counter top made out of?
Not a tutorial, just some crappy music played over video of someone doing something.
Wow the end result looks great!! I have been wanting to try this DIY but keep reading that the epoxy layer will yellow over time. Have you experienced any yellowing so far?
My girlfriend wants to know if you can do a make up tutorial sometime?
Great job! Are they still bright white after all this time???
Looks really great! Is the surface also durable? Does it easily stain?
You went from showing the clear epoxy mix to mixing it in the white color. How did it become white? What kind of paint, powder or pigment did you use to change the color
Were the counters originally Formica?
anyone try this on a dark granite top? Results look great white on white!
Why epoxy? Looks so damn cheap lol
Beautiful
Any update? Yellowing? Denting or cracking or any scratches? How much did it all cost u?
You need more veining  in the island look ok where veins  are  the other half has no life  tooooo plain
Why did you torch it
Excellent, beautiful job!
What kind of counter top did you have underneath the epoxy? Corian?
Why did you only do like three veins in the whole entire counter it makes it not look like marble
please invest in a $30 lav mic on amazon
Looks Great! How much did this cost?
Is this over laminate?
Stop talking so much
Does not look like marble. Need more grey
guuuuurl, you're doing messy projects in your PINK sweats, guuuurl you craycray lol
Wow you look like Elize Ryd
Who else can smell this? My eyes started watering. 😂
What is your countertop? Laminate?
Woahhhh.. you and Jaclyn Hill are TWINS!
Good work, greetings from Brazil
Wow you look EXACTLY like Elize Ryd
Did you do anything else to the grey veins to get that effect.. and did you go over it all with a clear epoxy or was the gray veins the final effect? Also, what is the name of the kit that you used? I like the way this one turned out best out of the hundreds I’ve watched. I like the more simple veins. Wish I could see the metallics that you sprayed on after the white epoxy was settled!! Any info you can offer would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
Really helpful video, thank you Kayla! I am considering epoxy countertops, and want to know: how do they feel to the touch? I imagine very smooth, but are they cool or warm? Is it safe to put a pan from the oven on them? Hope you have time to answer, thanks!
As a tile guy  growing up in the business this is the first time seeing this process. When I seen you rolling it out and it dripping like a waterfall off the sides I said OMGGGG 🤦‍♂️ this is a shit show ... MANNN I WAS DEAD WRONG. . This came out AMAZING 😉  hell of a beautiful job ..
Wow, really love this!
I love how you kept it simple. Very beautiful
Love the simplicity of the look with less swirls. Good job.
THERES NO TALK THRU... I WAS HOPING TO HEAR A LITTLT SYEP BY STEP
How much did it cost to get the sink removed?
This video had an excessive amount of talking and intro, the actual process demonstration was so short I feel I've been robbed. Better video editing can get you more subscribers, my 2 cents. End result was nice either way.
Did you use color charcoal for the veins or silver?  Edit read the blog it’s silver
Should have continued with the accents throughout.
Hi it looks so pretty! I would love to do this! But you didn’t mention what kit you purchased? Also can you do this on any kind of countertops?
There's prettier marble contact paper that you could've used and it's much cheaper
How you add the white color to the epoxy?
How can you apply this without all the spillage, seems like product is going to waste?
Don't want to hear you talk, more of the process.
Amazing. Thanks  for sharing. The veins looks perfect
WOW it came out absolutely beautiful!!!
Jesus. When does she start doing the countertops!????
People came to see a countertop video not an autobiography next time Less Talk More Action
He’s in Michigan woo hoo
Very shiny 😊 not much design though ☺
Seems like the rolling technique wastes a bunch of product! I like Mike Quist’s approach much better at Stonecoat Countertops.com!!! They have the best IMO!
Has the white epoxy turned yellow at all?
What type of countertops are these originally
Love this!!!!
What type counter top is yours? Is it stone ?
Great results. I just watched a rust oleum counter top transformations video and now this. So great to find that many options.
Again this free info, I'm still praying I can do mine.
So after all the issues I have read in the comments would you do this over again or do you wish you never did it?
It was very unprofessional and dangerous  to dump product onto the countertops. If it jad been done correctly there would not jave been a need to have plastic all over, no matter how worried you were about your floors.
We're renovating our kitchen first as we just bought a house a few months ago. I'm doing the tuxedo kitchen theme, Cream white on top (not bright white) and Carbon on the lowers. They were all olive green stained inside and out from the previous owners. Our counters are Corian but in a bone/ecru and the sink matches it. Ugh. I love white countertops. I do like marble, but like you, I'm a minimalist when it comes the veining. Showed my hubby your video and we're doing it! Our island is the only countertop that will have the marble effect on it. All the others will be white and the backsplash is the basic 3x6 white subway tiles. You did a great job! I hope mine comes out just as nice! Oh, how much of the pearl did you put on? I read your blog and want to make sure that it stays white!
what were the tops of your counters to begin with?  I have laminate and I am wondering if I can go over that.
Your beautiful!!!
you guys did awesome this is beautiful it looks so real
Your makeup game is amazing! I love the colors you used and you look stunning!
When he starts pouring out the white I knew that it looked to be too much. If it were paint, that would’ve been about 50% too much. Why does it have to be so thick?
2:25 is where the actual information starts.
Look's fabulous!
<3
Perfect example of "less is more". Elegant and stunning.
Have you had any chipping or scratching from knives/saucepans/crockery at all? Or any staining from juice/red wine etc? Really interested as to how durable the surface is to wear and tear and to heat.
Love the restraint. As a Designer I see a lot of people go overboard. A white or even a Thassos counter top can run into the thousands. Goregous.
How much did this cost you?
Where did you find your kitchen hardware? Love it, just found your channel!
So gorgeous!
Omg!!!! Its just beautiful!! Sooooo how was it actually going thru the process?? Would you do it again?? How long did this take?? Days??
Love the Transformation!!!
Lmao watching this in the dark and all of the sudden I hear hehe bishhhhhhh 😂😂😂
Wao! 🤩😍🤩😍🤩
Looks amazing
DIY الأغنياء :)
Looks great but why did you only add veins in that one area? I love the subtle ness  of it but I think you could have added a bit more!
Love how minimal the marble veins are!  I like to use marble contact paper and a flat white paint to blend seams and get rid of some veins. Then epoxy a few times. It cleans better than the original countertop!! I was thinking of using a black bath, tub & sink paint/epoxy for a sink. Love the look of a black sink. Easier to keep up.
Not overdone just perfect!
That looks amazing ☺️😍
I love it! Your design is simplistic yet chic ! Was this completed in a week or a weekend? Definitely looking to spruce up my old granite tops.
Hi. U did a great job! It looks amazing!!! I hope you will post another video like a few months down later and go over the results and how it has held up so far and also the pros and cons that you might have post epoxy transformation.  I think it would be very helpful Thanks.
So much talking
💜💜💜💜💜 Great job
Wow surface savers lives in the same state as me. Thank God!!!! Thanks for the video
Is it removable?
This looks amazing! Where is your table from behind you in your intro? I love it! I’ve been on the hunt for a good entry table.
A big thumbs up for all the restraint you showed with the veining/marbling. Most people tend to go overboard adding colors and patterns (which can still look cool, just not as subtle or tasteful as what you did).
This is gorgeous!!
why are you not modeling omg !
I know its only been a few months from the time this video was posted, but have you experienced any yellowing from UV light?
Thanks for sharing! Turned out awesome! Peace and Blessings to all!
I did a similar project at my old house. Omg such a big job! But so worth it.
Thank you for the great tutorial. Your countertops look beautiful. I have several questions. What is the total square footage of your countertops? How much is the total of the project? I have been informed that the epoxy countertops scratch very easily. Do your countertops scratch easily and do you think that they are durable? Thank you.
Hi Kayla! Just wondering what the square footage of your countertops are and how many gallons of epoxy did you need?  By the way, your countertops look amazing!
That looks amazing
Looks beautiful and I'm in the market for similar so I'm super glad you included your guy's contact info. I'm in MI like him so I'm checking it out!
The actual process of doing the counters start at 5:17 ...   you're welcome
Wow that looks amazing! From the first clip at the beginning I would of never thought it is not some kind of marble. Good job! 💜
Great video! Can’t believe how much this looks exactly like marble. It’s absolutely gorgeous. Thanks so much for sharing this; such an ingenious idea to save the big $$$$. Great job!! Xo
It looks awesome I might have to try this we’re going to redo our kitchen soon and I’m going back and forth between the epoxy and 180 Fx formica this looks beautiful though
Wow so cool!! Great idea!
This is amazing!! I’m going to look into this :) your style is so good!!
Finally!!!!! I’ve been waiting for this video
Turned out absolutely stunning! It was a pleasure working with you to help bring this epoxy countertop transformation!
The outcome looks absolutely stunning!  I have heard about this before but never really gave a thought. Now tho omg heading over to his channel to do my research too...Thank u so much for this video 😘😘
Love!!! They look amazing!!! ❤️
Omg! This looks phenomenal!
that is crazyy!! I've never heard of this, but now I want to do my countertops this way!
Amazing tutorial! How cute is the sink removal guy though?! Loved that you worked with locals companies on this!
