HELLO LOVELY VIEWERS! Important Note:  If you have questions about this recipe, you can post it here for the community to answer. But if you want to ask me, please get in touch via Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or my website (all links are in the description above). If you leave questions in the comments I may not see them due to the large volume of comments I receive across the hundreds of videos on this channel.  Also, before sending on any questions be sure to read the written recipe on the website as I often add extra tips and notes not covered in the video.  Thank you for watching!
I hope Uncle Roger likes this dish.
Playful and tasty looking!
American fried rice! Mmm! Yummy! I want to eat american fried rice! 😋❤️🍚🍳🥫🔥🇹🇭
เมนูนี้นึกถึงตอนอนุบาลครับ หิ้วปื่นโตไปโรงเรียน 5555
OTR Food & History just did an awesome story on this and other 'fauxmerican' dishes.
It is truly amazing how the American military's food influenced the different Asian countries. This is the first I have heard of "American" Fried Rice. My wife is Korean and we are in our early 60's. And many years ago I was with a Filipina; the influence of Spam dishes and other American military foods was so strong that it carries over to this day.
Add ham and sausage and sunny side up egg = American?
YUMMY FOR MY FAT TUMMY . THE FRIED CHICKEN WOW GOING TO TRY FOR SURE .
American fried rice recipe for american children want to eat.   55555
This dish is delicious, thank you
😘 THAILAND = WONDERFUL & BEAUTIFUL !! 😍 THAI FOOD = AMAZING & DELiCiOUS !! ☺ THAIS = NICE & FRIENDLY ♥ It’s such a stunning country! We just love Thailand ♥
I thought this was nasi lemak at first look at the thumbnail
Oh yessss, they had this on a restaurant down my apartment when I was in on an internship in Bangkok! I ordered it every time I get the chance to do so. 😂
Subs for golden Mountain sauce ?,
Pai, we’ve tried a good number of your dishes and generally are amazed. I don’t know about the catsup, but I am willing to give it a go. Someone should submit this to Uncle Roger. That would be funny.
Can I substitute the fish sauce or omit it?  We Americans do not use fish sauce in any of our food.
Love You 😘
I cried when I found out your married and had a baby! Poor Poor Me !! But at last I still love your recipes and will continue to follow you! Poor Poor Me!! The pain of it all!!
I made the mango ice cream last and it was yummy I will another with different fruits do you know if it will be as tasty as the mango
B
So your channel is called hot thai kitchen because you're a hot thai?? Lol nice 😘
Lovely, thank you 🙏
I was wondering if you can make gluten free thai recipes mainly forr dinners.i really like you don t usefrozen or canned vegetables. I m going to subscribe to your channel.  I m going to watching for some new recepices.  Thank you.😀
Wow that's beautiful and yummy thanks for sharing take care and your family God bless 😍
ประวัติว่าจานนี้เกิดในฐานทัพเมกาตอนที่มารบกับเวียดนาม พ่อครัวไม่รู้จะทำไรให้กินก็เลยคิดเมนูที่ไม่เผ็ดให้กิน
This is a lovely dish! A nice mix💖💖
Her personality is so cute...lol
This dish born in vietnam war 1972/ Thai chef make this dish for american soilder in thailand.
There’s a children’s dish in Japan that reminds me of this a little bit, with all the weird little bits and pieces that don’t look like they should be served in the same plate. It’s called okosama lunch. :)
Very tasty
We eat this at ghana
Honestly I do not understand why a normal person would not like her presentation. She is very pretty and good at what she is doing. Please keep it up and cant wait to see more videos from you.
These recipes and cooking techniques are authentic Indonesian, with the name of the dish named nasi gireng.
have seen dozens of Fried Rice recipes - - this one is quite different.  Look forwadr to trying it.
Yum
You can't be tasting your own dishes!? You need a pro taster like myself you know.
Delicious! Thank you.
Like you, I don't like frozen peas or carrots.  What I do instead is to buy the frozen ones and then dehydrate them in my Excalibur dehydrator.  Takes up a whole lot less space, they taste good, and they last forever!  I really enjoy your channel Palin!
*octopodes because it's Greek
done it very nice and quick to make. thank you for sharing the recipe
Nice recipe I love it delicious American fried rice!!! Thank you!!!!
Its good food
Do you use jasmine rice?
Speaking of having this "American Fried Rice" in Thai food, We in Malaysia have a type of fried rice known as "Nasi Goreng Pattaya", I always thought it was originated from Thailand, but I was wrong. Haha... It's actually a simple white fried rice seasoned with butter and ingredients like slices of chicken breast and assorted beans (corns, green pea and carrot). The friedn rice is very recognizable in the way that it is served in a bowl shape while fully covered with a fried omelette.
Nice to learn from your kitchen. How easy was that and looks yummy too
I don’t like that type of eggs cos it looks tastes uncooked but I like other eggs and the dish u cooked.
I’m not A Chef But I’m Always Serving My Kids Like That...It’s An Mother Instinct  So Kids Will Love It.
ᗩᗯ Tᕼᑌᔕ Iᔕ KIᑎᗪᗩ ᒪIKE ᗩ ᐯIETᑎᗩᗰEᔕE ᗪIᔕᕼ ᑕᗩᒪᒪEᗪ cơm tam
I had given up on rice until I was in the Air Force and they sent me to Thailand and I was in Bangkok at the Prince Hotel until I was going to be taken to U-tapao Air Base. While in the dining room I was with one guy who talked me into trying some fried rice which he was eating. Upon trying it, I was hooked and had the waiter bring me a bowl of shrimp fried rice and from then on I was hooked. I ended up spending two years there and loved the country, and the people.
I very. Like
Malaysia call it NASI GORENG USA. Fried Rice + Fried Egg +  DAging Masak Merah = YUMYUM .
If it cook very good
Can i see the inside of the fry chicken?
:D
7.16 u always laughing after saying Tada thats so cute
I remember this dish from my 1st trip to Thailand as a kind. Talk about nostalgia.
That's awesome
how long did you fried the chicken?
You're such a genuinely bubbly person. And the food looks great! :3  Subscribed!
What kind of ketchup you used in the video? Is it tomato ketchup?
chf Patrick Razafindramanana Komba forevere
Mercie pour la conseille de cuisine mais amis
You know what confused me? Kanomtokyo.
We have this dish in Malaysia! It's called nasi goreng USA.
It's funny how every country has dishes that they think come from another country and they're almost always wrong. Lol  I've never seen cocktail wieners in a stir fry. It's not American but I'd try it.
In Malaysia, we kinda have a similar dish called Nasi Goreng USA (USA Fried Rice). When I was little I thought this dish was from America too but the story behind the name is that USA in this fried rice means "Udang,Sotong,Ayam" (Prawns,Squid,Chicken) originally the name is like that but the restaurants here normally butchered the definition by serving similar fried rice as that American Fried rice and served with Padprik Gai on the side.
Thai people's English is recognizable with the ending sound. Not you Pai because you live abroad quite long and learn English from very young age. But when you say 'American' from the dish's Thai name with Thai voice, hihi, it's distinctive:))
your cooking make me want to open a kid restaurant with this fried rice as one of the menu suddenly. It looks so colorful, fun n bring out appetite😍
Hello, sorry if this has been asked before, but when you say put soy sauce, what kind of soy sauce is it? I always hear this in the recipes, but in the stores they sell various kinds of soy sauce (light, dark, sweet, salty etc)? Haha, hope you can help me with this!
Does Sunny egg still contain bacteria since we fry it in short period of time, sis Pai?
HI Pai, what do you do with leftover oil from deep frying (eg. french fries, tempura or meat)?
I thought that thai cant speak English fluently!
as an American, i can safely say i have never really seen this version here. fried rice is usually done chinese/american style.... think Chinese/American cuisine. Great video as always :)
Wow! yummy! Can't wait to try this tomorrow sans raisins :-)  I have learned a lot from your tutorial videos, love all of them.  Thank you.  Best wishes!!
woohoo..the yolk egg is soo yummy!^.^d yesterday i make this for dinner..super yummy.. thanks for this video..
Love it so much - Malaysia also have this, Asian Food.......
thanking you for share,  so beautiful (You) :3
Wow thank you simple this kitchen
u are the best. great dishes. 😃😃😃
very well presentation and I love that American fried rice!!!  Thank you
Hi Pailin, I recently asked about mortars, but I don't recall which receipe the comment was for. But you haven't answered it as yet, otherwise youtube would've notified me. I was asking why you use two different mortars in your videos, the black, broad stone one and a more conical brownish one, probably clay. Is it just a matter of fancy or do they serve different purposes? Thanks for reading – greetz from the measuring-by-weight-world ;-)
So cute .. American Thai... Pailin's We got wonderful THAI diners in Melbourne...Aus
I was chatting with a girl in Switzerland on Freetel and told her I was making Swiss steak for dinner. She'd never heard of it.
i love watching you, beautiful voice and delicious cooks!
pai, please make a video of khao mok kai, or nueng next please please. love your channel xoxo
That looks good.  If you took off the egg I would eat it.  I can't stand eggs.
I think you used a bit too much Golden Mountain sauce. It made the rice look too dark. It's supposed to look more red/orange than brown and taste sweet/sour than salty.
wow i really really love your cooking videos!!!
OMG I REMEMBER THIS!!!
how many calories is that?
I think, technically, the mini hot dogs would be called quadrapuss.
Can you do a video on how cook a sunny side up egg?
ur lowkey so funny
OMG Pai - your egg looks so amazing and so pretty on this dish!!!! You gotta show us how you do it :)
I'm am wondering in Malaysia we have sooo many Thai food are there any Malaysian food made in Thailand?
It's remind me when I was a kid. And that time I though it American food! With love from Thailand.
Queen Of Thailand
n_n I love hearing you say it reminds you of childhood. It's a good feeling isn't it???
i want some!!! yummy
i love how you mentioned adults have kids spirit inside !
what is golden mountain sauce?
More like we always stir fry garlic in MY land. Can't get enough of the stuff.
What a beautiful dish! The kids must love this!
Happy Canada Day
Yes, this is a very good example of fusion food or is it confusion food as only Thai people can make. Many people believe it actually comes from USA!!!!! :)
5:19 "Aww, look how cute they are!" I thought somehow Dory made her way into Pai's kitchen. =P
this dish will make the kids go crazy. great job!
Octopuses is right. Octopi is technically incorrect. It's Greek in origin, so if it were to take a non-English plural form, it would be octopodes (awk-taw-puh-dees). Most dictionaries are prescriptive. They just list what people use, but Merriam Webster has an entry on this.
wow ! didn't know this dish is originated from Thailand. in Malaysia we call it Nasi Goreng USA, lol ! but instead of fried chicken we serve it with pad prik and sunny side up with the fried rice.
My favvo fried rice. Nice when you are tired of over spiced food. Sometimes I add crispy fried bacon. Its not far from Nasi Goreng as I recal
grate job love it
Omg it is so cute! I will make this to my husband who is still a kid in my opinion lol
Sunny side up egg is always nice but I prefer asian style sunny side where the egg whites are golden and crispy... Yummm
Happy Canada day :D
This is going is also going on my list of things to cook ... everything I love in one meal
that would cost me about $12 in US.
Looks great Pailin!  Just like you, I am not a fan of adding raisins in my savory food and don't think I will be adding them when I make this dish.
Parkin where have you been?
is this dishes originated in Thailand or not? or I don't have golden mountain sauce and is not available here so what can I substitute for this items in this recipe? ???
Cool finished plate. Kids or adults, great contrast of colors, shapes, and textures. Brava!
I would eat but I don't like ketchup but it looks good! The chicken kind of reminds me of jollibee!
Happy Canada Day!
I am going make it tomorrow
my childhood meal was hotdogs, rice with ketchup sooooo good
how did you make those perfect sunny side up eggs?!
Damn. Back at it again with the sugar snap peas that I almost died eating cause of the string part. Gives me nightmares lol
Wiener are from Austria, not from America.. There are diffrent kinds of wiener from germany too.
your expression when you're eating tho Lol Anyway I love all of your cooking videos.
where's the red sauce? we also have nasi goreng amerika in Malaysia!
remind me of singapore, but with out shrimps
So awesome. Reminds me of my childhood too! Love ur channel Pai.
Thanks!
I guess I've never had American fried rice because I've never had it like that
Just in time for the 4th of July!
Octopuses is correct! :D
My 1 and half year girl like you so much.....
That looks amazing and Colorful. Simple to make too. Thumbs up.
nice........
Yummy! :)
