Bring it back please 😢 I used this with all 3 of my kids. My little sister is now having a baby and I want her to use this!!
i was so young when i posted this
I got mine from my local Thriftstore. I hope this is great for my 4 1/2 month old.
Is this recalled? Someone gave it to me
Mine doesn't have any loops 👁️👄👁️
I have a woven wrap, time consuming and a hassle getting it all right, getting one of these hope it will be easier, 6 months on hoping to find the right carrier. Fingers crossed
Me arrepiento de no haberlo usado con mi primer hijo. Es tan util
Amazing
My baby is two month old and iam worry obout his legs. its ok for his age to have his legs so separeted? how many time is recomendable to have carry on?
tache, no se recomienda para bebés tan chicos
Não consigo usar...
What the recommended age minimum for back carry
What are the leg hole loops for?
I got one of these for my daughter so glad I found a good video on how to place her the right way
quisiera que las instrucciones de infantino ecosash
Hi. Is forward facing position possible with this? Thanks.
Can I tie the sash in the back if my baby is still an infant, or should she be a little bigger before I tie it in the back?
esto esta taaaan mal... que pena que no informen bien, un bebé recién nacido no tiene que soportar esa presión (nudo y panel)... muy mal infantino
Hi what's the difference between Wrap &Tie vs Mei Tai? can I use wrap & tie for newborn? Couldn't decide which one to get. Help please.
is this a hands free. will I be able to carry baby while pushing a stroller?
Excellent how-to video. Too bad it doesn't play on Walmart site.
This looks hard to do but I'll manage 😁
what position is best for a 3 mo?
can i use this for my 2 week old?
i got it but cause of im a plus size on my waist,doesnt do double tie just the front tie
My 10 month old still wants to be held/worn constantly and my other carrier doesn't do the hip position so I ordered this one. I love how affordable this brand is. my other carrier is an infantino as well and we love it but it just doesn't do the hip carry. I hope we love this one just as much. can't wait until we get it.
My baby is 4 weeks old I just purchased this on Amazon I hope she loves it
Can this be used when both mom and baby are wearing outerwear?
my baby is 2 months old now. can i start using it now?
Kelly - the double knots are not hard to undo. They are easy to untie, but do not slip out when you are walking around.
How easy are the double knots to undo when ready to release baby?
Ordered mine today and I'm excited to get it! My 2 month old and I have been having issues with the Boba wrap, including getting way too hot so I'm excited that this carrier seems more open.  Also, for the moms asking about front facing, I found this article the other day from a Doc in Germany: http://mobile-en.didymos.de/PageContent?page_id=25 Happy wrapping!
What are the leg hole loops for?
We love this carrier!!  We never do knots/ties over baby's back though, so it doesn't interfere with the natural c-shape of his spine, we just go under the bum and do a twist.  Happy, secure, supported baby!
My baby doesnt like the newborn position but she is only 2 months. She have big legs...is secure to use the open leg position??
My 4 month old isn't a fan of having her legs around me in the front. Any suggestions?
How must the legs of a two month old be positioned? Opened up? Maybe his too little, I should've waited :(
Mine didn't come with a hood
I bought my last week I used it today I loved it is so easy!
I bought mine months ago and the instructions were missing. .
How about baby facing forward can this be done with mei tie?
Good info!
Also, I didn't require any assistance putting it on. Its super easy if you follow the instructions.
I bought mine today and I love it! I wore my son who is a newborn, 3weeks old 8-9lbs, and it fits him wonderfully and supports his head just fine. If you follow the first style in the steps of infant wearing their legs are not smashed, strained or parted. The other moms who worried about "legs parted too far apart" need to relook at the recommended instructions about infant positions. It's a lot easier to use than it looks btw and is very easy to adjust to fit both you and your baby. I bought this as a cheaper alternative to a boba 3g carrier and I think I may even like it more! at 30$ from target, it's a great buy!
i got this carrier as a baby shower gift, but the problem is, i think it opens my babys legs too much. she is 2 months and i dont like it because her legs get too spread out. I was going to buy another one, but maybe i should wait until she is a little older ? maybe?
Your not supposed to tie behind the babies back becsuse it takes baby out of his/her natural c shape. I hsve the carrier snd use other ties for him.
Yes plus size women can wear it. I'm plus sized and it works for me!
Does anyone know if you can wear this if you are plus size?
Does anyone know if you can wear this if you are plus size?
I just bought this carrier for my 3 month old and so far I love it:)
This carrier is AWESOME!  I only needed help the first time and not all after that!
I absolutely love thos carrier! I would recommend it to everyone!
I just got this today for my 13 month old and it's great!  Although I don't know how long I can use it since I am pregnant again. But my belly doesn't get in the way yet. :)
I just ordered this carrier from Amazon. Looking forward to getting it/using it. Thanks for the video! I've never used a carrier before. This video is very helpful and makes me less nervous to use one. :)
I have this carrier and I love it!
