first minute, make bigger brews! LOL!!!
Did you age any of those bottles for the "required" time? like 2 years? Huh? Huh? Huh? LOL It'd be nice to hear how it turned out if you  did.
Im making a juniper berry mead today so hopefully that will turn out good
Mine smells like a sweaty butt crack, then i made hard apple sider and it smells the same, they both taste really similar too.
The sulfur taste is h2s. Stressed yeast. Not enough nutes or oxygen. Aerate well, add Fermaid K or O and DAP,  pH buffer with potassium carbonate(or bicarbonate) & degas daily for the first week or so.
Cool video. Gay music.
So, you ended up with half a gallon by screwing around with it. Do your nutrient additions and leave it alone. When it is done rack it and leave it alone. Good honey is too expensive to lose half your volume tinkering all the time.
That would go perfectly with cheese and the Tony’s!!!!
Meads are fantastic and fun. You should check out Canadian Sasquatches YT channel. He totally loves his meads and is quite good at making them. Cheers
How bout a bochet? Caramelized honey mead.
Really enjoyed this!
Try using less headspace especially in secondary.  Too much oxygen after primary is generally no beuno.
update?
I like your review thanks
Earthy?  does it take like cardboard?
So I heard having too much head space oxidizes the mead.  What do you all think?
I'm on my 4th batch of mead and attempting a very different course with some rather strange flavors what's your twitter handle man I'd love to share my idea with you for you to try yourself!
allot - of - work  ! ! !
Mel o Mel is Cymraeg it means Honey of honey/ made with forest fruits added! It  was our ancient drink before the beaker people cam with Cwrw/Beer. it is an ancient Welsh drink of Kings. Iron Age warriors would be given mead as payment, called Talufedd. Romans were payed in salt, again very exotic could be bartered for anything, horses, swords food.  It is oldest drink in Europe. Britain was known as  Ynys Mel, or Island of Honey in the Welsh/Brythonic tongue a older version of modern Welsh!
It's NOT advisable to add nutrients (especially those with DAP in them) past the 9% ABV point, as you are in stage where the yeast will not use it, so it could end up staying in your mead and effecting the taste.  IF you add past the 9% point, then you would probably want to do so using Fermaid O, which is an organic product, that contains no DAP.  Fermaid O is primarily made up of yeast hulls and some vitamins, so will eventually settle out if not used.
Highland Park Brewery!  I live in the area.  Great place!
I would just lke to know ONE thing,Did the Vikings have all this shit to add to and test the alcohol percentage of their brews???? NO! so what the fuck is this all about??? Why is everyone being so ANAL about making Mead????
if your mead is dry you don't need to add metabissulfate
Dude your videos are freaking awesome.
You should try making a hopped mead.
oh, hes seen one up close.
Now you need to change the name of the channel to Barley and the Hops and the Honey TV :-)
HA! Love the Fermex face! And hi from Huntington Beach!
Curious where your final gravity/ABV ended up?
I've often heard the best ingredient for making mead is time.
I made my first batch of mead a couple months ago as well. It is great stuff. After I racked it into the primary fermentor I left it open with a cheese cloth over it for a few days. I was trying to do a wild fermentation, but after a few days it was hardly going, and I was impatient so i pitched a pack of lalvin ec-1117 into it. After several weeks it was dry but still sparkling. I really enjoyed it warm, and a bit sparkling. The few days of open fermentation left some funkiness too. There is so much you can do with mead, it is for sure something I will be going back to soon. Great videos! keep it up!
