Very nice Video! I subscribed your channel!!! I also create delicious food videos!
Horrible recipe, lamb needs atleast 4 hrs of slow cooking
Really convenient for fast lifestyle people. It's on the go.. 🏃‍♂️💨
I have seen that sort of spice box since I was 2-3 years old. Why would you patent it?
There's not enough spice in this.
everything is wrong with her cooking ! atleast that`s what i get from comment section :DD
Honey what you know about cooking Biryani can be put on back of a postage stamp and then you would have enough space left to put in your life history. For god's sake don't spoil the name of a country and a cooking tradition so you can sell that stupid patented spice box to idiots who don't know better
rice in a slow cooker? no
patent the spice box???, seriously..... WOW, reminds me of university of Mississippi patenting the turmeric.
kodumai !
one good thing about cooking in slow cooker is it will also release the nutrients from the bone similar to a bone broth...
Plz dont Insult the Biryani this is something different has nothing to do with Biryani or She havnt seen biryani so she deosnt know
indians can make it more spicy or masaledaar if they would like but yes crockpots can dish out good indian food, i make indian food in slow cookers quite a bit, just this week, i made pav bhaji, aloo gobhi, and moong usal. so yes u have to try a few times to get the right consistency but it works.....never tried biryani though...will have to give it a try...
High or low heat ? And what about the water ratio?
Uh...she is using metal utensils in non-stick!
Looks very nice but very dry ?
This is the worst Biriyani recipe that can be
PATENTED THE SPICE BOX LMAO.... WATTE TOOL! PATENTING SOMETHING AS HERS WHICH HAS BEEN THERE FOR AGES.. BIRIYANI RECIPE SUCKS...
I don't understand why everyone has to be so negative. Obviously what she had shown, was basic - but as an Indian female myself (slow cooker is awsome! saves time for me) and you could just add your own masala and stuff, to make it how you like it.
If your white and want to make something Indian in your own house, this had got to be the recipe for you...lol Indian people eat far too flavorful food for it to be as basic, undistributed in color, and spice as this is. I not knocking it before trying it; I just saying as an Indian female; if it didn't look like how my mom made it, it's just not Indian.
KUTCHI BIRYANI ADAPTATION, Nothing to see....move along
There is a spoon in each little "katori"...and,that,calls for a patent!:):):)  I remember my Grandma using that spice box,and in all likelihood,her great grandma did use it too!!!!:):)
Patent the spice box ??? Hilarious !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We have more complex and better spice boxes all over india for the past many centuries....  goodnesss !
this is a confusing explanation. you said you marinate it over night but then you added it straight to the slow cooker?!
Who are we? Talk for yourself dude.
Patented it really?? But why?
very bad
Have you tried this? I agree that it's kind of strange to imagine biryani in a crocpot however, don't put it down without trying it first!! Maybe it quite good! I actually like a lot of her recipes because she is the only one I can find who does Indian cooking in a crocpot! Let's not be unnecessarily harsh!!
I too have this called "5/6 box" to keep spices with 1 ceramic spoon on top of the box, there is 1 plate to cover all the cups, built in, to keep ur spoon, and then close it with the lid! Is so perfect age old Indian Masala dabba ! Most conveinient to keep different - full spices n spice powders! I have two of it in my kitchen!
sorry Anupy, that is not even close
I cant comment on the biryani without tasting it. But why does every one is picking on the spice box ? Yes, the box itself is nothing new, but she specifically mentions about leveling your spice right inside the cup. I dont think this feature existed for ages in India. This is what we lacked for ages, innovation. Doesnt matter we had invented all ages ago, we lack the modern innovative twist to our ages old technology.
I dont understand the patenting part. The masala storage box has been part of kitchen accessories for ages in India. You should probable check 'vah chef' for real indian lamb biryani
what an atrocious example of biryani
Kudos for the cooking. But what the heck with patenting the masala/apices storage design. This king of masala storage  is used in India since ages.
