❤
Thank You Ma’am
Very clear instructions.
You are the best Jane! Thanks for this wonderful knowledgeable video!
what if there is no stud behind the wall as in a condo, can i just use togglebolts?
Was hoping you showed us how to install the microwave using option 3. In more detail.
bracket on the wall is that standard? I will be replacing a broken above mic with same manufacturer
Thank you Jane!
Thank u, thank u for this video!! I need to cut about a centimeter of ceramic wall tile to make room for installation of the new microwave bracket. Can you recommend a tool for cutting the child away?
I have learned so much from you, watching various tutorials. Your pace and clarity is absolutely amazing!
Cheers for a very informative vid. funny I got a GE microwave oven but the back bracket is exactly the same as yours but yours is an LG It helped me e lot because I had the same issue except I had to use 2 toggle screws. Now I can proceed to finish my project , Again cheers,
Wow , i saw 5 videos but it wasn’t explanatory , after Ive seen yours i told my wife im saving this one and i can do it alone i dont need my cousin cause will start arguing on how to put the microwave , im trying it this week end
Great video,  thank you.
I just bought a new gas stove and a new low profile microwave that will replace my hardwired hood range. Never did anything like this kinda scary but I'm going to see your videos and learn as well as asking gas and electric technicians.
this is great!  thanks
I have glass tile where the bracket would go 😫
I wish my cabinet above the stove had a spot to put a microwave. It's a super old house and the cabinets above the stove are up really high and don't have that cut out. No power outlet or vent. Pretty sure it would be a pain to install one in my house unfortunately
I’m so glad you posted this. It never occurred to me how high the microwave would be. Hubby is only 5’5”. I have strength issues. As in lack thereof. This is not a good idea for us. I’ll have to rehome this brand new just never installed whirlpool microwave. Thank you so much!
what if we dont have a cabinet to attach it to? just the wall?
I have to buy a new one so thanks!
You forgot one important step.. if people are replacing a range hood they will probably need to run new wiring.   Most range hoods are tied into the circuit for the kitchen outlets, but modern over-the-range microwaves require a dedicated 15amp circuit.
I was so nervous to install one I didn't think it could really be that easy! Thank you for the great tutorial and encouragement!
Ok I was just about to pay someone $150 to install a microwave. Then I came to YouTube. Watched a few other videos but didn’t feel I could do it myself. Watched this one and was like... I can do this!
I've learned so much from your videos.  I've remodeled 2 bedrooms and a bath from the studs to running electric outlets to the molding and new doors. Done everything. It's all new. And it's thanks to you. I'm so glad I found you. Now I'm putting my new Microwave over my Range.   Thank you so so much. Who said a women can't do it. Yes we can .
u r a very nice person Leah
Hello I want to put my small microwave above the stove on a plain wall there is no cabinet,how high from the stove should I install the shelf for it?
Leah, I am planning on purchasing a new range (going from electric to gas) and want to also install an over-the-range microwave. My problem is I do not have a cabinet above the range. Can I use a heavy duty shelf bracket system to set the microwave on?
I just love her! She makes things so easy to understand
how about the hole for the vent ?
Hi Leah, question for you? For the electric on this unit. Did you tie into an existing outlet or did you add a new 20amp breaker for the microwave?
Doesnt seem possible without a power drill 😔😔
I just subscribed Leah 🙂!
Very, very good instructional video. Thank you very much. Helped me a lot!
Great video ma'am. Now I'm not nervous at all.
Excellent. Thank you!
Thank you my dear! Much appreciated!
JUST PURCHASED 4BR HOME! I LOVE IT but want to do my own little additons to MY liking🤭♥️
What size is this microwave? Great video by the way!
Need a new microwave and was hesitant to install on my own. You gave me hope! Thanks
Nice video !!!
at 9:55, that looked like a "crap there is stud in my way" moment.....
Thanks Leah I was able to install the microwave in our new house !
Easy Peasy too bad you did not have an example of venting through the roof or wall.  Hooking up the duct work takes a little expertise.  Taking down a range hood and putting up a combination microwave range hood takes skills not shown too. Otherwise great video.
Toggle bolts suck, use the new style drywall anchors. They have the load rating on the packaging, take it from an Engineer...
I love this woman, she makes me feel confident to try things
I'm on my third one. You could mount it all by yourself with a strong box on the bottom with some 2x4s and 2x1s to make the height difference for  attaching the mounting screws in the cabinet above. PIA to align perfectly, extra help would be nice but not necessary - just don't drop it. The transition from the microwave top exhaust to the existing round stove exhaust pipe could be a challenge when it's off center.
Excellent video 👍👍👍👍👍
Very clear and concise tutorial! It hit all the important parts I wasn’t sure of like hitting the stud
So helpful, thank you!
The electric is the top of my list for concern. Even in a retrofit. Our code calls for a separate circuit for the microwave and we just did a replacement where the stove and microwave were on the same circuit. Since it’s a gas stove we went ahead with the install and just notified the owner.
Great job.  Thanks
It's nice to see a female amateur DIYer for a change. Keep at it, practice makes perfect :)
I would like to see diy build custom cabinets ? 😀
I have recently watched a few other videos on putting in an OTR microwave but this was THE most complete tutorial... Funny because I came looking up what a Rotozip was and this was the next video in autoplay, so ironic your next video was something I was looking for last week even. LOL color me subscribed!
You were made to make videos. You make them very interesting and have a great speaking voice.
Hi Leah, I’m looking to change my old out dated cabinets and add and over the range microwave, problem Is there’s no outlet above to plug one in any suggestions? To give you a better understanding, the microwave will be above the sink. The stove is on a island counter
Where can I get your measuring tape? It looks so convenient and easy to read. I always have trouble with the small tick marks.
NICE VIDEO LEAH.
Great video thanks for the step by step instructions
Great video u are amazing at making it simple
Great vid Leah!  I do about 10 of these a year and they’re a pain in the ass 😅 Especially doing it alone.
Thanks Leah and happy New Year
Thank you, for giving me and other people the courage and knowledge to do things ourself.
Another great video!  And if you are installing a new microwave, do yourself a favor and change out the bulbs to LEDs...saves a huge headache in future since bulbs can blow and be difficult to remove.
Keep in mind that anything you cook, boil or burn on the stove will end up in/on the microwave especially those that are hanging about 12-18 inches over the stove. Any oils that make their way onto the bottom of the microwave are going to spoil and breed germs.
Awesome video! We have an above the stove microwave and now I am confident that if something happens, I can replace it!! Thanks! Happy New Year!!!
This is timely.  Two days ago I spent 5 hours putting one in for the first time.  Bolt broke half way into wall, no wall template in box, instructions said to make blocking for recessed cabinet, blocking blocked the cord, then modified blocking, still didn’t work, had to drill through wall bracket as holes didn’t align with studs, removed blocking as it had hanging bolts with close proximity to support of cabinet, and then it all worked!  I feel like I can do it blindfolded now lol. Now I find your video which I’m sure is excellent.
Leah, you are an example to us all. Thank you for empowering so many people. It was a lucky day when I found your channel many years ago. You never disappoint because you have a genuine heart. Wishing you the very best and a Happy New Year.
The best video on an OTR microwave I have seen. Keep up the good work and thanks.
Forget about, I'm moving to Seattle. HAPPY NEW YEAR LEAH.
Great video as usual. Looks like you "made" a cabinet for the microwave to sit under. Can you show how you did that?
I hate over the stove microwaves.  I'm taking hot food out of it, I don't want it to be up high. I prefer them on the counter.  And if the stove it on when you use it, you can burn yourself or catch your clothes on fire.
Happy New Year Leah :) ....Always enjoy your videos very educational I  learn so much from you !
Thank you so very much. I  was thinking that it was much more complicated than it really is. God Bless you.. for all your help. xoxoxo   Eric's mom
Great video, Leah.  Now I know what to do if my over the stove micro needs replacing.  Just want to say it is a good idea to unplug the unit if when the light bulb burns out and replacing it.  I did not unplug first and it blew the light circuit so no new lights will work.  It was a few years ago, so I don't know if the new ones have that problem;  better safe than sorry, though.
I'm not doing this task and may never will. I enjoyed warching it all the same. Totally love all that you do. A big thank you and Happy New Year from Australia
HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM SCOTLAND 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🎉🥳
Thanks again Leah for an amazing how-to video!  I have a question.  How is this vented to the outside?  My kitchen has never had an above the stove vent hood/light and I would like to get one of these microwaves that are all-in-one.  The problem is that I will have to cut venting through my wall to the outside,but the outside is brick cased.   Do you know how I would do that?
When replaced my vent hood, there was just a wire that stuck out of the wall.  If i were to put one of these in can you hook the wire directly to the microwave?
How about the Venting?  Would love to see Both option and how it's switched btwn the two!      = )    thanks!   Would be nice addition, but my house isn't built for it without Manger Re-configuration. [my view anyway]
We installed an over the stove microwave and loved it until the day that I almost dropped a corning ware dish when removing it from the microwave. Our smooth top range would have been toast! We're switching to gas so we may add one again. Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
You must be reading my mind. I brought an microwave from a yard sale new. It has everything but that toggle thing you just talked about. Thanks now I should be able to get it installed.😊
I took out my microwave oven that vented outside and replaced it with a stainless steel hood unit. Luckily, the vents lined up together. The job was pretty easy.Happy New Year Leah
Awesome video thanks
We will be installing an over-the-range microwave in a few weeks. Perfect timing!
Always love watching your videos leah. I noticed you didnt use a carpenters pencil. Happy new year.
Happy New Year, Leah and your support staff. Please have a healthful new year.
Great video.  Happy New Year.  Love all your videos.  You are an excellent teacher
Lunch room for employees
I love you Leah! You show me how to not be afraid to tackle the jobs I have never done. I am sharing this video with my sister and together we will install hers!!!! Thank you my wonderful teacher!
Great video Leah! My over the stove microwave broke and this is one of our to do projects for the new year. Thanks!
Great video Leah!👍🏻 I hope you have a Happy, Healthy and Successful 2019 my friend!💥🎊😎
Happy New Year to you and family Jane.
Leah, can you please elaborate on venting to the outside?  Transitioning from those two rectangular vents in the microwave to a duct in the cabinet above ( I assume?)  and cutting thru the upper cabinet floor for that.   Type and size of vent, anything else?  Ty!
Thanks for making home improvements look doable for the ordinary person. 👍💖
Thank you and Happy Nrw Year Many blessinhs
Thanks for the great video, Leah! Planning on renovating the kitchen in my rental property this year (with help). Added this to My Favorites, for future reference. Thanks again!
I think there’s an awful lot of people out there could tackle this one 👍
hey i’m a starting channel called king animated and it would mean a lot if you would sub to my account to help me get started if you want a sub back comment on one of my videos https://m.youtube.com/feed/account?sub_confirmaton=1
That was very clearly explained. Thank you, Leah. I hope you had a very nice holiday time and that you and your family are all well.
And this is why I chose to pay the installers who do this type of thing several times each day.  I knew I could have done it but I also knew the installers could do it faster, neater, more quickly, and BETTER.  Home projects can be fun and we can get a lot of satisfaction but in my old age I understand and appreciate the skills of professionals.
Hi, Leah good to see you again, I have to admit that I have learned a lot from you, like the toggle screw which I didnot know here in India, great video by the way, God bless you
Would you suggest knowing which microwave you are going to install when you are picking out cabinets? Or Is there a universality to it?
It is because of great tutorials like this one that I love YouTube so much.  God bless Leah and thanks for posting.
Wouldn't you want to vent to the outside if you're cooking on the range?
Great Video, I know some people like the microwave over the range, but not me -- I still learned how it's done because you never know when it will come in handy -- as always you have great tips and clear instructions, I liked how the camera followed you as you pointed out key things, that's a good technique. My question is this: In general I don't like using toggle bolts if I don't have to... I know they're good for holding a lot of weight, but they really require big holes and a tougher job for patching the wall later on if you decide to take the down whatever it is -- but in particular case would a wall anchor inserts be adequate instead of the toggle bolt because you have the other two anchored in studs.   Sometimes I worry -- and don't know what is proper (necessary) anchoring and what is over-engineering -- I know they put the weight limits on the product, but hey, that could be a subject for another video!  Happy New Year -- looking forward to more great vids :-)  Cheers!
Love the vids👍
