I dont know why you people that make these videos  dont make them so you can understand what you are saying half the time. if you are going to make a video do it right. Good clear speech and picture or dont do it at all
Enjoyed the video.  Thanks very much.
Thanks!
I THOUGHT THE POINT WAS TO START IT RIGHT UP BEFORE IT COOLS DOWN , NOT AFTER A FEW MINUTES ,?????
SURE WOULD BE NICE IF THE PART WAS IN THE DESCIPTION
My mower has done this for years and recently started sagging at some point (temporarily) when it is mowing the lawn.  I can see the throttle shaft getting wiggy when this happens and if I hold it steady, the motor runs fine.  I was thinking governor but now I'm wondering.  Could this also be an intermittent problem where the coil is weak when hot and sets up an oscillation in the governor?
What is that tool in front of the tray holding the condensors? It looks like a tester that attaches to a spark plug.
Hi! I really liked  your video thank you 😊 My lawnmower is little bit different but I did the Same Repair like you did dis video. ai manage to start my lawn Mover but the problem didn’t go way. The main issue with my lawnmover is that it Won’t re- start. I have allready bought a new carburetor And the coil …but no…the lawnmover wont work.  Today I changed the coil and the engine started SO easily! BUT! The engine sound was little wavy but cause I have also changed the carburetor gasket and diaphragm I decided to adjust juuust a little bit the little metal part that the ”regulator spring ” is attached to. I listened the engine sound and when I thought it was good I left it there. BUT…then it did not re-start …BUT it has had this same problem through this whole repairing journey. If I let the lawn mover stop, it wont re-start. And…yes…I have also put the new spark-plug during this ”journey”.   Just to mention…we did overfill the ”oiltank” on the beginning of summer…but I have used and cut the grass with it couple of times despite the overfilling and it did not give any ”white exhaust” from the silencer or nothing like that …the problem has remain the same the whole time…the engine won’t re-start after stopping it.   Could you Please help me or give me some advices? My husband is blind so I have to try to fix these things myself.  With warm regards,  Matleena from Finland
Hello. I have a Tamper with a 4stroke OHV engine. No oil sensor, no overheat sensor. After 5 minutes of tamping it stops and shuts down. Then it starts again and this happens over and over
Excellent video, I wish I saw it sooner.... my Husqvarna tractor would run poorly with lots of sputtering when it got hot.  After changing all the filters, plugs, the carburetor, intake manifold and a host of gaskets and o-rings, and adjusting the pushrods, I finally realized it was the $20 coils... although she probably appreciates all the extra new parts and refurbishing after 9 years of pretty heavy use.
Great video ! Thank you.
Thankyou for that informative video Bruce
Thanks this is so helpful my push mower kept catching fire this helps thankyou:)
Wrong spark will cause coil to heat up to much
I used to cut 4 lawns on my block and had to fill the very small tank 3X. Problem is after turning off motor it took 20 pulls to restart it. Problem solved- I filled it up with gas with motor running making a mess. I was told it's the Magneto that got hot.. All a magneto is is a light strip of Copper ( right?(. I suspected Vapor Lock or the simple reason it's only a homeowners lawnmower not meant to run 3- 4 hours. Anybody out there able to share their comments????
If the problem was that it didn't start when hot, why did you let it SIT for a minute before trying to start it again in the test with the owner. That seems counter-intuitive.
I have a Craftsman that runs really good cutting the lawn, but runs really rough after restarting when hot.  I did spray in intake valve cleaner thru the carb, and it ran smooth for a year and now its back running rough again. My lawn get its best even cut using this mower compared to my two lawn boys. I just don't get why it runs great until i restart the Craftsman when hot. Could it be a similar problem of needing a coil change. I should loosen the vented gas cap the next time.
If you didn’t have a coil and one had to be ordered, what is the approximate cost?  Great job as usual Bruce.  🇨🇦👍
Qhy do coils fail with heat? Youd think they just fail and then stay failed?
Do you know what I see when I look at a Lawn Mower? I see a big box full of millions of pieces and instructions in a completely different language.
I’ve gone through 3 mowers in the last 5 years. I’m contemplating just to quit cutting my grass and let native plants take over
Yeah  I washed out my ears but that didt  work so ill go down furthur and wash it out
Briggs Strantton .. worst motors.. has a multitude of mismatched bolts all over the place.. take Honda.. 10mm everywhere.. no need to constantly change tools.. it only takes 3 bolts to get to the ignition coil of a Honda.. unlikke that CRAP B&Shit
This resolved a problem I was having with a customers mower.  I had an exact duplicate of his coil. Replaced it and it worked great.  Thanks
Coil for this one but sometimes it could be an issue with the auto choke system if it applies.
Interesting and informative, except you didn't say Why the coil stops working when hot, i.e. the differential diagnosis.  It's nice to learn (know) how to fix it; and also nice to know why it failed.
G,day tubes??
Nashua NH
W
Good video lighting and shots.  I presume the mower had been cleaned prior to your presentation unless this mower was used only to cut Astroturf. Your creativity on adapting another coil to work is appreciated. Any thoughts on measuring the output, induction or resistance of the coil as a fault finder? The ignition coil in my JD walk behind with a 14 hp Kawasaki engine failed around 900 hrs of use and had the failure scenario you paint- Starts easily when cold, but does not start at all when hot..
I'm severely confused. The title of the video suggests that the problem was totally different than the content of the video. If it quits when hot, it didn't have a spark issue. Please explain because I was really curious about the title and not something that I'm well versed at. Thanks.
I got a Honda mower that runs great but  struggle to restart when engine is hot. After multiple pulls I think I flooded the engine. So I wait 20 min and it start right up on choke .. do you think it a bad coil ?
Haven’t watched but bet its a bad coil.
How long does it take for the bad coil to get hot?
Bruce you are the best teacher!  Thanks for all your video.
Great video!! Learned something new today!! Thanks Bruce!! 😎👏👏👍
where did you het your hoist?
I didn't even change my ignition coil. I just cleaned it and re-gapped it. I also cleaned, (with compressed air) and lubed the auto choke. Now it starts when hot.
So it cost you nothing to fix
Thanks for the knowledge Bruce 👍
What other problems might it be, any way to test the coil?
Is there not a way to test the old coil with ohm meter or something?
i have one that will stop after about 20 minutes of cutting. It will start again, but will keep cutting out then every few minutes. I was thinking maybe it was the carburetor gasket not sealing when the engine heats up? put a new gasket on when i rebuilt the carb, but still the same problem.
10mm & 8mm. I rarely need any sae tools anymore.
Use ohm meter to test coil
I've got one for ya.... 2007 gravely zt 1740 with a Kohler  wouldn't start. For kicks I went ahead and installed a new solenoid, new battery, new spark plug, new ignition switch, pto switch, relay and all new fuel lines.  Tested all fuses and they were good. I can get it started by putting 12 volts to the small wires on the solenoid and it runs fine. I cannot start it using the key but the lights still work great...lol I've narrowed it down I suppose to just not getting 12 volts to the small wire on the solenoid.  Any thoughts?
Good ol Briggs n crappin
Question please; did you have a spark before changing the coil?
I still have the same exact issue. I have replaced the carburetor, air filter, ignition coil, spark plug with no luck. What else could go wrong? The engine is also surging when running
This was one of the first videos of yours I ever watched. Set me on this path because it helped me a lot. Thank you Bruce, as always.
One unusual issue I have come across is tight valves when the engine heats up. It does not happen frequently, but I had it happen twice on the smaller Briggs quattro engines. When the engine heats up the valve clearances go out just enough to cause a surging or stalling problem. It's a huge pain because you pull your hair out trying to replace every single component from the coil to the carburetor.  I keep a bin of brand new or like new known good parts (carbs, coils, plugs) for each style of motor. That way when diagnosing evasive problems you can be sure the parts you are testing with are good.
That thumbs up at the end of video 🤭 What a Legend. Great fix.
Bruce’s is the man to have around 👍🏻
Bruce your looking a lot younger what have you been doing   🤡
So I just got a new coil would the gap being off cause this same issue
I changed everything also plus the ignition coil   still quits
I wonder could this be my problem when I 1st try to crank mine it take 5 to 6 pulls to crank 🤔 it???
Thanks for the good information!
Is the Platinum just a newer version of the Quantum? They look almost identical except the autochoke vs primer bulb.
Great I was given a mower by a neibhor  Lawnboy with Briggs engine. Recoil was messed up.  I replaced that. And  the carburetor but now it starts but when I turn it off it will not start.  I was checking - auto choke mechanism- working  - coil - valves may need adjustment  - when it is hot there Choke is open as it should be .   Let me see if I have a coil for it
My weed whacker does it
Where did you get that hoist
Why the  Business card in between the coil?  Really appreciate the effort and time you took to create this video.😊
Nice table were get those at
Great video.  I’m wondering what is actually happening with the bad coil to make it quit when hot?
Did all of that to mine and still does the same . Once it’s hot it worry start for like 20 min .
HOW COME you didn't ohm the coils? That is part of trouble shooting!
My question is that I see B&S OEM coils that cost ~$50 and less expensive ones on Amazon for ~$20. Thoughts? Do you get what you pay for or is a coil, a coil?
Excellent video good sir, thank you very much.
Where did you get your lift
First mow of 4th season, mower fires on first pull and works perfect for that day. Next cut 2 weeks later, starts again, but when emptying bag after 5 min, it won’t start. Starts fine 30 min later. Engine has to be 100% mechanically sound - I researched and found this video. Replaced the armature, and it’s back to a first pull start - after 4 years!  This video was my main reference. Thanks for the description.
good work bruce
Thank you sir for the video.  I have almost an identical lawn mower. The blue handle is there single poll.  I bought it about 10 years ago and it pretty much always started in one pull (always been surprised by that) but in the last 6 months it would not start if it was hot.  Now I know how to fix it. Thank you!  It must be a common issue with this engine. My engine looks and sounds exactly the same.
Bruce was there spark to it before?
Why dont you use the impact much faster saves time
9PM?
I have a 7HP Intek OHV with the same issue so thanks Bruce for laying the coil process out. By the way, Frank was looking really good in 2015!!
Always best to check the simple things first.  I have a Honda GCV190 engine that had similar problems. Started okay, then died while using when it warmed up.  Ignition problem for sure.  Turned out to be an NGK spark plug that went rogue.  Never had that happen before.  It's easier to first change out the spark plug and test with a new one to see if the same condition exists before peeking under the hood.  If it does, then you know it's the coil.  If you use a spark plug tester in line with a bad plug you still will not know whether it's the plug or the coil.
Your voice is like that of Bob Ross.  I'd like to recommend Filmora 9, not the Pro version, but the $69 lifetime version. Your videos will benefit, and you can relax while filming.   https://youtu.be/0eSUft4d8d4  Check my videos out. You can see how I progressed in less than a few videos.   Nice video!
Hey Bruce I got a question for you my lawnmower makes a clicking sound from the motor when I turn off the mower I don't think it's heating up tho but I might be wrong
I’m working on my father in law’s 27 hp B&S because it is hard to start, especially when hot, and will shut off after maybe 5 minutes. Sometimes it sputters and occasionally it will just cut off immediately. I’ve replaced EVERYTHING fuel related with new parts (and new gas), and it still shuts off. Could it be the coil? It’s a V twin with two spark plugs. I’ve replaced the plugs too, and the air filter.
Is that a 'Magne-Tron coil? And do these engines REALLY run better without points? This idea  about pointless being better ?  A Magneto's high voltage winding will/can go bad sometimes run very bad at medium to higher speed and the (carbitrator as said by Taryl) is considered to be the culprit.
New coil will fit. sometimes air vane gov. gets  covered in funk, messes up linkage.
DOD u have the coil number
Great video.  I think my troybilt 21" lawnmower has the same issue. At first it keep shutting off like it was running out of fuel. I took carburetor apart clean real good.  Now it runs, but when i shut it off to empty bag it won't start when it's  hot.
That is a neat hoists. Where can I buy one from?Awesome video thanks for sharing.
👍
Well done Bruce! Now to see if this fixed mine.   Thank you, Sir!
Can I have your truck?
Can you add a primer, manual choke and throttle control to one of these? Ours is always hard to start and randomly revs up and down under load. I would rather just set the controls manually than have it guess incorrectly.
Just fixed mine thanks to YOU. Great step by step video. My mower is very old, and this is my first real issue with it. I bought a new one with the Honda engine. Not happy with it. Doesn’t pick up the leaves as good as my old one, and the collection bag is smaller. Shame on craftsman. I would be willing to pay $100 more just to get one like my old one that is probably 12 years old. No date on it like yours. Many thanks again.
Ha that’s funny my 2012 Toyota Yaris was made in May of 2012.
Unless you fixed this for free,I want a new coil installed for continuous reliability.🤔
Internally shorted cap did that to me, only when it got hot.  Also, on a international tractor 10 hp, the vent hole on the valve spring cover breathes on the carb float bowel, causing vapor lock on very hot conditions.
Yes you need more than on hand, that's why we born with 2👍😃
How did you determine it was the coil, just loss of spark when hot? mine had a similar starting while hot problem, it was the automatic choke on mine.
Great Video, Sir. Thanks!
Thanks Bruce, I have a similar mower and I am working my way through all the problems, cleaned and stripped the carburator, new feul cap,  cylinder head cleaned up and new spark plug, but still cuts out after 10 mins or so, so will buy a new coil, thanks man!, hope this solves my problem :)
A go pro camera would be better for us to see what you are doing
too low a clearance  engine gets hot sticks a valve open you lose compression
cheak valve clearances
Just goes to show how some business cards can come in handy.
Lawnmower
Just wondering, if you can say, how much would you charge for this job? I enjoy working on machines like these but am a terrible salesman. I hate dickering on price. I know I am cheaper than the shops, but people still try and beat you down on prices. I do this as a hobby not a living. Just wondering.
Good video. It could also be the gas cap not letting the engine start when hot. The vent hole gets clogged and wont start again until the pressure is released. I try the simple obvious things first. Good stuff man.
Your video seriously helped me out. I'd never worked on a mower, but this video helped me diagnose the problem. Replaced the coil and voila.
Yeah Bruce that's what happened to my Power washer  I would use it and a short time and later it would quit.   leave it sit and when cold it was cold would fire right up . when it was warm or hot No spark
Thank you on the video it help me out a lot
new teachers of tomorrow
I have a Craftsman mower with a Briggs and Stratton 7.25 HP.  I replaced the ignition coil, following your instructions to the letter.  Still having the same issue.  Any suggestions?
great video im having this issue let u know how it turns thanks for the info
good video thanks.   can you advise where you got the cart to work on it
I have a Ryobi pressure washer with a Honda "easy start" (auto choke) engine. It will start and run great for about 15 minutes. Then it dies and won't restart for about 45 minutes (till the engine cools down). Then it starts fine , runs about 15 minutes and dies. I've checked that the gas cap is venting, the carb is clean, and the coil is firing nicely even while hot, got a new spark plugs and in it and fresh oil. Any ideas?
outstanding job!!!
Yard sale tripod . The answer to a second free hand! never mind I saw the shadow when you where outside.  Good, not enough people mention using a business card. I learned something . the only time I had a similar problem was when the mower got hot and stopped on it's own when  it cooled fine same with an older Harley. A plastic bag with Ice got me to a friends and a new to me coil . Thanks very much This might just save me or a friend some time in the future .
I have a 2017 Earthquake String mower with a Viper Engine that has a primer Bulb
Love the Honda and Viper Engines....
For those who don't have a business card handy out in the garage but do have a feeler gauge, the gap works fine at .010. But the card works best because it can follow the curve.
Thought you might have started the video showing a test for spark when not starting hot.
Thanks for the detailed video. After replacing air filter, spark plug, cleaning gas line/tank, carb, this was the problem. Replaced the ignition coil and it runs great!
Hi Bruce, becoming a fan of yours in Chicago. Curious with this video, did you do a spark test, take off the break wire to the coil to determine it was a bad coil? Or. Just good ole experience??
It would help if you didn't block half the stuff you're doing.
What kind of camera are you using?
For me if it's hot and I turn it off and turn it back on it works fine but if it's hot and I let it sit for about 5 to 10 minutes and then try it won't start. What could that be?  Somehow waiting 5 or 10 minutes makes it not start.
After RnR the coil, you didn't let the mower run for an extended time to test if it stalled or not before delivering it to the owner. So the problem, tho likely the coil, might not have been. Correct?
"I need more then one hand."   Look, there is one on the other side!
Johnathan w
Have the same problem with the same lawn mower. Replaced the coil. Still won't restart when hot.
Just started having issues with my 4 hp briggs in my tiller. It runs for 15 mins then just stalls, no sputter, just quits. I need to get my garden tilled. It also doesn't want to strt  until its cooled 20 mins.
My mower is falling apart. Rubber parts are decomposing. The rubber on 1 tire even fell off. It wont restart after it has been used a little while and gets hot. Has to cool off at least an hour before it will work again. Kinda thinking I may need to get a new one. This 1 has been a good 1. I'm at least the 3rd owner. An old acquaintance took it out of someone else's trash, fixed it up and gave it to me. I've been using it for 6 years. Good old mower.
You are easy to learn from. And your choice of when to fast forward is impeccable ! Well done Sr.
Thank you so much for posting this I have a two-stroke moped that I'm working on and this started and I couldn't find an answer why it was doing this anywhere but you came through bud
Had that pb on one .. when tested for spark, it was reddish (weak) .. replaced coil .. TOK.
Use a large binder clip to hold down the engine brake lever
I have a riding mower that does the same thing. Once started it will run all day. Until it is turned off. Then it will not start. After it cools down it will start up again. I put a new coil , battery, spark plugs, oil, air filter, gas filter an always New fresh gas. I took the carb. to a shop an had it cleaned an rebuilt. While I was replacing the coil I made sure the fins were clean. This is a Briggs 17 hp Twin.  I went as far as to put New blades on.The engine seems to be strong an runs good. Every now an then I do see a small puff of blue smoke. I gave $50 for the mower at a yard sale. And have spent over $200 to get it running.
Bruce, two questions sir, that little lift that you use, and it rolls around too, where can I get one. Also the little deal you used to check spark, I need one of those as well. Thanks man, great vid
Love your video. I am currently having this problem with mine. But I don't quite understand the business card thing and the purpose of that. Could you explain that to me more?
so what fixed it?
I like your handy dandy hoist
Outsourcing a goverment program to prevent climate change.
Product of outsourcing.. new mowers need repairs and shitty warranties.
where did you get that work table from?
Good video but should have covered testing the coil before removal for those who do not know how...thanks..
....But just after he gave the 'Thumbs-up' gesture.....the Engine blew up !....
My old Snapper was like that except it just needed primer again, even when hot. It also refused to start in colder temperatures around 50 degrees without a ton of priming. It was like that from day one, brand new. I owned it for 30 years. The longest I ever owned a mower. My secret? I changed the oil every year.
08 Oct 17, why could possibly justify 60 "thumb downs" on this repair ?!? Personally, I think it was another outstanding video ...thanks Bruce
mine does the same thing  I found the gas cap vent was stopped up I freed the vent .now its fine   haha
I have a question. Does the cutoff switch have to be a solid copper wire
Like the work stand! Where did you get it? Thanks for the video...:]
I'm pretty sure this is the problem with my 2-stroke moped. Looking forward to giving it a try, thanks for the lead!
Here is something else Those briggs are bad to slip the coil. No coil gap will do the same thing. I didn't notice you checking gap before removing.
good video on a coil replacement... only thing is u didnt how u came too conclusion?.. unless u just guessed it was the coil?..
Just curios, when you use a used part like you did, do you charge new part price or how do you determine the price?
Excellent. Gonna use the old kitchen pan from now on.
How do you change the oil?
This video lead me down the right path.  Watched video on testing coil to confirm.  I replaced the coil and problem solved
Enjoy your videos Bruce , keep them coming too . Use too work on them all the time and you have been giving me a refresher course again . Thanks , never get to old to learn either !
Excellant video. Very informative and professional.
Why is the oil in my mower white?
Small engines that quit when hot likely have worn valve seats and have zero clearance when hot. The valve can not close and engine loses power.  Measure clearance when cold. Remove valve and grind stem to obtain proper clearance.  .08 I take and .10 exaust will work. But check engine makers spec.
Good job
The same exact lawn mower I have spits and sputters when it's hot and only when it's hot was thinking it could be the governor spring because it's old but now I'm thinking differently
could it be the distance between the ignition coil and flywheel is the factor for this issue? when I check mine it looks like it was a little bit closer. Anyway, I redid it and put a calling card in between and it works. Let it run for 5 and 10 minutes and restart right away. Thank you very much on your video. It’s always a big plus when you learn something from the expert. :)
my lawnmower will not restart after it runs for awhile, is it the coil?
Thanks for all your info same problem I had..
I JUST replaced the crank in my 725 and THIS problem showed up. Amazing that you did a vid on it. Thank you so much! I am wondering what happens to the coil that causes this. Mine only refuses to start after it warms up. But it doesn't shut down itself.. which leaves me wondering if the coil is indeed ok... ?
You are the MAN👌
I had the same issue with a Briggs and Stratton several years ago. Wish I had seen the video back then. I never for the life of me ever wondered about the coil. It always started right away when cold and I would be mowing for 5-10 minutes and it would die and need to cool off before it would restart
How do you know if a valve job needs to be done?
Hi Bruce I have learned so much from watching you vids Thanks and keep up the good work all the best from Dornock in Scotland
Bruce how many times a day do you open and close your overhead doors?
Bruce, the video was helpful.  My Snapper mower with a Briggs and Stratton (Model #: 09P702-0055-F1) was experiencing this same issue.  First I took it to a dealer/service where they performed a full service, new spark plug cleaned the carb, new gas etc....  When I brought it home it ran for 15 minutes and stalled out and would not restart.  I did some research, found your video and proceeded to install a new Electric Coil.  It worked, the issue was was fixed. I tested after fix and the mower ran for 45 minutes withing stopping.  I stopped and restarted the mower, it started on first pull.  Unfortunately, the fix only lasted about two weeks (5 to 6 uses) and then yesterday the same issue started occurring again.  I tested it again today to confirm issue.  I started mower (from cold start), the mower starts right up. I let engine run until it died on its own, which took 15 minutes.  Once it stopped I attempted to restart which was unsuccessful as expected.  I pulled the spark plug an attempted to pull start to see if I was getting any spark, from what I could tell (pull starting in dark garage) there was no spark happening.  From my understanding, if it was a bad spark plug you would still get some sort of a spark which I did not.  Does anyone have any idea what would cause a new electric coil to go bad in 5 or 6 uses?
Hi Bruce, i have a lawn mower with the same problem; it stalls after 5-10 minutes or so and you have to let it cool down before you can start it again. The spark plug also gets full of soot very fast.Do i have a bad head gasket wich lets oil get into the combustion chamber or is it just the ignition coil that is bad?
I have had it where the gas cap was the problem also.  The vent on the cap would not gravity pull air though the tank so gas could flow properly.  So in 5 min of running the gas would not flow anymore.
95% it's the Coil !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah same happened to me took to shop they worked on carburettor so it wasn't fixed so I bought new coil problem fixed oh by the the way this had been happening for 1 year incredible
A good instructional on how to change the coil on this type of engine.   I dont understand why you did not try to recreate the problem and then check for spark when it will not start.  That would give you a stronger diagnosis.   As some of the other posters share,  the root of the problem could be something else.
But how do you know if that's the problem ??
Good info, thanks
good video Bruceter
A use coil really!!!!!! Bruce did u charge full price of a new coil & tell  the customer u install a new coil when u miss lead ur customers I work on lawn mower & I always use new parts u shouldn't b in bisness if ur gona treet ur customers that way think bout it a use coil how long do u think it wood last b 4 it goes out. Again u have to fix the mower 4 free & lose $$$$ is it worth it loseing  ur customers over a half ass job I no I  won't ever bring my equipment to u if ur gona put on used parts & charge me full prices u have no chame at take my advice put new parts bro u wount happy customers not pist off customers word of mouth can help u or it can kill you!!!! Remember this!!!!!!
Tell me about that jack/cart, I like it!
very informative and helpful. thanks!!
You have a stuck choke! The spring that is supposed to open it after  choking is weak and will not open it! If you pull it open with your  finger, it will run like a new mower, untill you choke it again and it  sticks again!
Bruce...I got an issue with a push mower I got. It runs fine when starting up. But when it gets "hot" it doesn't quit, it just to surges a good bit. I cleaned the carb several times. Made sure all the gaskets are good. The spark plug is also good as well as the air filter. Beyond this what are the usual suspects? thx.
A small engine coil that becomes thermally intermittent can be one of the most frustrating problems to diagnose, because everything else you try takes time; meanwhile, your coil is cooling off, which means it'll work just fine when you try your most recent 'fix'.   Even a few minutes can be enough time for that unit to cool back to its 'operational' range, so it'll seem like your 'fix' did the trick.  For a while.  If you have the basics covered and you still have a heat-related problem, a known-good coil (ignition unit, if you're fussy) can save boatloads of frustration.
Why do the new ones not have primer ball
I have a Toro recycler that would run and then stop after you would let it set for awhile and reprime it would start and run for a little while.After cleaning the carb still the same problem.Bought new carb and installed,still the same problem.Stumbled across your video and bought and installed coil...problem solved..PRAISE THE LORD...               Thank you
So thank you
Hi Bruce I just wanted to say your videos are so helpful
Nice work, Mr. Pender, the mechanical and video work well done and informative. Thanks for sharing your experience!
You did it !! great!
Bruce, a question on a B&S 12H802-2611B1 on a Snapper mower.  After about 15-30 minutes the mower stops and will not restart until 15-20 minutes later.  New fuel and air filters, fresh fuel, gas cap hole is clear and not deformed.  Will not start with gas cap removed until the time is up.  Could the coil be overheating?  If so, is there a way to test it?  Thanks.
I am having a similar issue with my B&S engine.  It runs for 5 min then stops, will not restart until cool.  I checked for spark, right after it died, while still very hot.  It still had good spark.  So does that point me towards the auto-choke?
Nice work ,I only work with Briggs and Stratton motors cheers
I cut the top off 1 gal milk cartons and using a felt pin number the bottom (so I can fix several machines at once and not mix up bolts.
What about if it just stops when it should be running?  I did not let go of the stop lever, and it will not start back up for at least an hour or so, have to prime it again.
Bruce, I have a old snapper comet rear engine tractor I rebuilt 2 years ago has points add new coil condenser.. ran great till this season mows half the yard then and runs rough and dies  ..could this coil all ready?  I have had a golf cart quit when hot and change the plug and all good now...ill try that tomorrow...  what you think? I want to save these old machines!  Art Bender
why would it not start after it warms up, what is happening?
Bruce you have a video on testing a coil with a multi-meter?
So how about a riding mower that dies after about 10-12 minutes - sooner, if I try to mow or go up a hill.  I have determined it happens after the engine warms up.
What kind of jack is that lifting the mower or what do you call it. I would like to find one
great job, I was thinking my carb was flooding itself when I let go the handle bar. this makes more sense
Wow. A 2-3 yr old coil that went bad.  Another made in China part probably.
Cool tip . I fixed my. Mower with the help of your videos ... Thank you .. Here's a good point to make that videos I've seen never make this point very clear or clearer at all that a motor is designed to run with the lawnmower blade in place along with the balance boot that's there on the end of the axle under the lawn mower
Good show. TU
Hello,thanks for your video,my toro lawnmower won't start after is hot and i do have spark,and I have a clean air filter,any other ideas on what could be the problem ?
wrong 100 percent gas fixes this every time cheers
Excellent video quality.
bruce did you buy your host at harbor freight?
That was very informative. Will keep that in mind if I come across this issue. Thank you so much for sharing.....
good job how many years have you been working them over.
Excellent video again Thanks Bruce! Coincidentally I have to fix my neighbors exact model Mower today with a slightly different problem starts up then dies after a few seconds and you've taught me how to fix that before.
good job
Good man.
i have been trying to find one of these mowers but everyone seems to be sold out I have the red one with a 6.75 Briggs engine and I love it
I had that same exact mower / same year / same problem.  It was the auto choke (thermostat) that went bad.  Part:  Briggs Stratton Thermostat - 593208
thanks for a great video. I have a craftsman lawn tractor with a 1 ciloynder Intek engine that runs about 30 minutes and then won't start after a shut down to empty bagger. Is this common with those engines and is there a way to test the coil with a meter?
Thank you for sharing your tips. Its really excellent !!!
I have a honda gcv 160 it runs great till it gets warmed up then starts sputtering eventually stalling I think the coil is getting hot is there something else I'm missing any insight would be appreciated
I miss the days when the mowers had an actual throttle. I solve the instant off (idiot bar) problem with a cheap spring clamp that I attach to the handle. Nothing is worse than having to restart the mower every time you let go of the handle.
thank you for that excellent video. I have that mower with that problem and my neighbor  does too. I think I will fix both. another neighbor said they can't be fixed. Bruce we'll prove him wrong. thanks again
Great job i watch alot of videos urs are the best thanks
Wow thats a lot of ingnition coils.
Hey Bruce, I am having the same issue where my Briggs and Stratton Craftman 725 mower will not start when hot.  I have to let it sit for a half hour then it will start.  I wanted to see if you had any suggestions.  I replaced ignition coil with a brand new one and I am still having the same issue that it won't start when hot. Any suggestions?
you the man Bruce
Great video!!!! You would make a good teacher your very thorough.
I,ve had quite a few briggs with auto choke come in my shop with the problem you have, and its not always the coil that is bad, on quite a few it turns out the auto choke gets bound up with junk, and needs to be cleaned out, see if the auto choke doesn't move freely it will heat up and choke off the air and kill the engine, a simple trick is to hit the mechanism with compressed air and make sure it moves freely, if blowing it out doesn't work you have to replace the auto choke, cause you cant grease it cause it heats up, just a friendly share of things that also can be the problem , great video btw.
Really interesting demonstration. I like the calling card to space the coil. But my problem is a new wheeled strimmer,  with a spark plug that is getting black with soot. Same engine. The problem is not a plugged air filter.  The engine seems to be using too much gas for its size. Perhaps I was sold the wrong spark plug ?  It has on a RJLMC, when it seems it should have a RJ2YLE.
Hey Mon Ami  I have a hint/trick for you.  When you take a part off of a lawn mower put a label on it or a old business card with a tie strap with the info. No more guessing.    I have a small engine repair shop and I label parts if I do a teardown  on a engine. 4  cents for a service tag with the wire on them are a time  saver  Plus Tard  ~!~!
Bruce:  My mower is the same as the one you show in this video, with the exception it was manufactured in 2011.    I also have the same symptoms!   Won't start when hot!   I did change the coil using your instructions but the same thing happens.  I also changed the sparkplug.   It will not start when hot.   I can't smell excess gas so I assume it's not choking itself but I'm at a loss.   Can you suggest anything?    Thank you. I do enjoy your videos.  Bob
Thanks for video !.. very helpful .. sharing info like this makes a better world.
Always remove the ground wire at the module, not the other end. Never seen anyone do that before. I guess that means you're one of a kind Bruce.
I had a very similar problem where the mower would get warm and shut off and not restart until cool again. I did everything like you said in the video to no avail.   Something told me to try the spark plug even though I replaced it last year. That was my culprit as the spark plug would breakdown under heat and electrically short out but would show resistance when cooled down.
Rotate the coil???
This had been an issue all summer for us. Ran the mower a bit, by the time needed to empty the  first bag, the engine was hot enough that we couldn't get it to start  back up again. Checked the usual suspects, engine oil, gas, cleaned  carb, air filter, spark plug. I was starting to run out of ideas until I  found your video. After watching, I was near 100% sure this was the  issue. So I got my part ordered from Amazon, roughly $30 bucks, needed  the vane replacement for my particular model too. As I was a good deal  into the project, came to realize that the choke thermostat wasn't  seated in the vane properly, in fact it was bent and twisted every which  way (I'm thinking we caught some tall grass or brush, it caught and  bent). So, since I had everything apart anyway, replaced the coil and  was able to bend the choke thermostat back into a near original shape.  Put it all back together, started up, let it run for 20 minutes or so.  Killed it, waited a minute, pulled the cord and started right up. I  don't wonder if it was the thermostat the whole time! Thanks again for  excellent video!
Had the same problem on the same engine... replaced the magneto, but doesn't like to be start back up, during the job??
Eureka! Looks like I have another fix to try. I'll have to figure out where to get a new coil. Thx!
Same issue with mine,,got to try a new coil
what would you charge to fix it...just ballpark figure
where can i buy a coil ?
I am working on a old BS 4 hp. The coil was bad took it off and carried the shroud and coil down to the dealer.  The dealer sold me a brand new one $45. It was bad. I carried it back. He sold me another one. The holes did not match up, I spent 3 hrs on the phone with Briggs trying to find a coil that would work.. I talked to several people and got the run around. Then they sent me a PDF file that did not help. So I loaded up the mower and took it down to the dealer. He went back to the first one he sold me and seen for himself it was no good. Then sold me the third one  that worked. I spent all day running around for parts. I tried using old parts like that a few times seems most of time it came back to bite me.  I really like your lift, where do you get it ?
Here's one. I had (3) mowers dropped off this weekend and they all have B&S 550 ex engines. I promise this is not a riddle. Anyway, I cleaned all the carbs and two work fine, but the last one will not pull start. Adding carb cleaner, fires it right up, but it runs slow and labored, with a small backfire now and again. I checked the flywheel key, it's ok. I checked the coil distance, its ok. Then I notice a little oil in the filter and and wondered if it was laid on it's side. What should I try and do?
What would be the problem if my mower won't start after emptying the grass catcher? It starts right up when it's cold but once it's hot and you kill it because you empty the grass catcher, it won't start.
I worked on a B&S engine on a push mower that did the same thing. I put a different coil on it, and it did not fix the problem. Got to looking a little closer, and found that the kill wire had an abrasion on the plastic outer cover  and would ground out against metal, stopping the engine  occasionally. Put new kill wire on it, never did it again.
Good Video I have done lots of changing coils in the 15 years I have been in Business keep the videos going.
If you don't have a business card, fold a sheet of fax or printer paper to 3 thickness. That will get you between .010 &.014 thousands of a inch which is what is required. Keep up the good work.
Just had my first experience with one of those Craftsman Briggs mowers.. That funky auto choke with the heat coil around the muffler looks like it will be troublesome pretty quickly.  I wonder if there are any ohm meter tests for those newer breakerless coils....Don't forget to throw the original coil from that mower in the trash!
Can you answer a quick question? I have 2 friends who have the same problem. Their lawn mowers will run for a while and then suck the primer bulb in and shut off. After a while they hook the collapsed bulb back into shape and then it runs OK for another while. They have taken the mowers to several shops that can't fix it. Gao any idea what it is? The mowers are 4.5 and 3.5 Tech. engines.
Thank you for the informative video..
Enjoy watching your videos, I learn something new every time. I hope you keep then coming. Like the "feeler gauge" you used, I haven't seen that before.
thanks for the vidio
Thanks, I have a mower that I believe has the same problem.  I appreciate the way you are aware that the watcher might not be able to see what you have done.
Great vids! Got any tips on buying a riding mower? My neighbor is getting up there in age and thinking about getting a riding mower. Are the $999.00 ones any good?
Good informative video. I also like your collection of coils. I too have a collection. Good to have around to swap out instead of buying new.
That is what has been happening to my lawnmower. Start it cuts grass,stop for a min,then really hard to start. Might have to get a coil and try it...Thanks
Hi Bruce sorry for the late comment but good job hope to get a reply again
Good video Bruce another one fixed..
Job well done Bruce. Experience again has show you exactly where the problem was located
I had a chainsaw that did that.. That x8 speed will get it hot fast ;-)
That is good you had a coil It got the job done quicker and may have saved the customer a little money Or made you a little extra
Perfect! Another happy customer! Those are the best. Zip~
The Mower Whisperer
nice fix Bruce, thanks for sharing.
Nice job Bruce. I don't think the newer motors like the one you have there are as enjoyable to work on as the old ones. Too many safety features and flimsy items nowadays. Good to see it perform better though. Another happy customer.
What is wrong with that old coil?
Nice coil horde you've amassed.
Did you ever work on  one that vapor lock after it got hot ?
sometimes the the coil ends get rusty and cause a problem starting.when hot. A lite sanding of the ends usually works.
