Thank you for sharing this important information where do you get your beeswax ram?
Nice video!  What size is your house?
Wiw, she's so cute.
Ever see how the Chinese do greenhouses? They do the same as you with the double layer except the second layer is 6' above the first layer and there is a roll top desk sort of contraption at the top that rolls down every night in between the two layers made of something similar to concrete blankets to keep the heat from the day from disappating away at night. Their tunnels are only 5/8ths of a semi circle instead of a full 50% semi circle. The opaque plastic allowing sun to come in faces south while the north facing mass wall is made from sedgehammered earth and tires in a brick or adobe style matrix. It keeps the cold out. But before they even build the greenhouse, they dig 12' down on the footprint of the growing area and insulate everything except where the roots will be and then fill first with perferated drain tile then #3 stone and sand. On top of that goes a layer of logs that were either misshaped or discard like stumps before compost and soil amendments finished the plot. One end of the perferated drain tile sucks air from the very top of the greenhouse whereas the other air that blows into the green house is installed near the ground.  It works well that system. Frostless nights when its -50.   Ah well if you've ever witnessed a chinese contractor replacing vinyl siding on a four story house in a Chicago neighborhood... I shit you not there were 150 of them on the site for a day. They had everything tore off, re wrapped, windows trimmed out and re sided in one day. There was a crew of 30 that came and cleared all the debris and were gone by lunch the second day.   So, I guess when the manpower and rescources are available...you can get a whole lot accomplished. 🙄😁😊😂
Giving that kid such a tongue twister was not fair. She couldn't have knit for something else? lol  Nicely done video, some really good comments on it, too. I also want to do hotbeds, but not 100% convinced yet they're worth al the work...especially if I lose my compost-fuel source.
Does the double wall help keep the greenhouse cool in summer?
Мэйкал Винтер гартен а получился Киндер корт)
Where did this guy go?
Like it, like it, like it. Wow, I typed that without messing up.
lol the plan B was amazing
Hello, just watch your video . Thank you for this video. It is such a great idea. Could you please direct me to the name and supplier of the plastic enclosure cover. Does it come with space between or are they an individul sheet on top of each other? Also, please direct me to the air blow unit you used to keep air space beetween plastic sheets. Thank you
Intrigued by the air blower and the way it inflates the two pieces of plastic, obviously expanding and creating a air barrier or insulation area to keep the warm in and the cold out, but does it not over-inflate at times? or do you have an escape or release valve to prevent over inflation of the plastic. Looks fairly small so maybe it doesn't reach that kind of inflation and the air simply dissipates through the seams or something, great video and enjoyed how you have set it up and would love to learn more, if you can spare a few minutes.
this is so great! do you have the plans to build one?
Hi! Would this work in the Netherlands? In winter there's not that much sunshine.
Don't know if you read,Don't know what happens last 9 years but this video was great! One of the best I saw the last years. Hope you as family going well. Greets from a Dutch
Buddy, your greenhouse is insulated better than the house I've been renting for 4 years.
Thank you that was good info. I’m gathering intel on greenhouse construction methods. I especially liked the beeswax thermostats you use.
Having the blower in the top is a bad idea, it will move all the hottest air into the layer between the plastic instead of keeping it inside!
Hello,  I loved the fact that you don't have to use heat in there.  Where is the special place that you get the cover plastic of your Green house ?
Love from India 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Hi
Thank you as I am ready to start my own four season greenhouse!
What is your greenhouse built out of? Did you build it or put it together? Looking for input. I live in N.W. MT. on the side of a mountain. We still have snow when the valley is mowing their yards. Chris
I'm curious to know if there should be caution taken when entering and exiting a greenhouse during winter season; would the moisture in the air inside the greenhouse condense to liquid in your lungs from the dramatic change in temperature when exiting?
Merci from Montreal, Canada.
In the first hail storm that plastic is dust.
I started with Woodglut plans.
Oh my God what type of greenhouse is this called???
...and heat comes from where at night time?
We are just south of Black Forest near Latigo, and I ran across your video looking for ideas. Thank you for this! Qeustion... have you had any problems with hail on the plastic?
Where can I find that plastic
It's time to do another video.  I think 8 years is enough time to wait between great videos.
Where did you get the non electric vents.
Awesome video very helpful
Can you show the double wall in more details? I can't see double wall. I only see one layer of plastic.
where do you live??
What's the companie's name of your greehouses or where do you get them?
With that much sun, would solar water heating work with a tank inside greenhouse to keep it from freezing at night?
Great video, thank you for sharing.
This is the most wholesome video on YouTube
This is fun ! :)
WHY DID YOU STOP POSTING?? COME BACK!!
The word is Arugula baby👍🏾🤣love it
Goodness lord...I love the tropics scene..family play time yeah😄your editing top notch..because I have double hd..and u kept in listening
What about in summer time, how do you keep it cool enough to grow most vegetables?
I like the video but more info needs to provided such as cost of the greenhouse and what it needs, timeframe and laws. As each states have their own laws/regulations. But nice video
I don't understand - if it's 89 inside, how can water freeze in the winter?
If ChiCom Joe steals the election, that garden will save your life when Democrats destroy the economy.
The scientist in me says: let's see an LED indoor/outdoor temperature gauge so we aren't taking the temp readings on faith.  The engineer in me says: let's see a a four season indoor/outdoor temperature data log so we can view the range of daily temps each day over time.   The physicist in me says: the r-value of air gapped plastic sheeting can't be very high. That greenhouse must cool down fast after sundown and drop below freezing well before dawn - unless there's some supplemental heating system at work.
WT? 🤔 One seven years old video?
Your content is so funny! Thanks for making the video not boring :) I definitely subscribed. Will spinach, carrot etc. last in MN?
I need this
Good video. Your daughter is so funny and cute. Cool that you involve the whole family in the videos.
In building a compost heater for my greenhouses
What is the beeswax ram on the vents?
How does the ground stay warm?
Little chilly ......me 🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶
Carrots 🥕🥶 👍
Loved just loved the blooper. 🤣 Thank you great video.
Awesome~!!!!!! **TRUMP~2020~!!!!**
check out our heaters on @t
Really cute!  How’s it going
After watching this video, I'm going to be having dreams about a guy saying "89 degrees in here."
can we grow tomatoes in it while it is freezing outside?
Hi http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/710-53481-19255-0/1?icep_ff3=2&pub=5575378759&campid=5338273189&customid=&icep_item=124273851173&ipn=psmain&icep_vectorid=229508&kwid=902099&mtid=824&kw=lg&toolid=11111
plan b :) nice
DIY FARMER for your fan to blow the air for double layer plastic do you bring in the air from out side or inside of the green house so that you don't have condensation in green house
Check out the Watermelon canopy I'm growing in my d.i.y. greenhouse!!!  https://youtu.be/3gauByA46mg  Weekly updates
"Colorado Springs is like living inside a loaf of Wonder-bread."
Sir... Don't know what happened to you .... But a 7 yr old video and not another one I hope all has been well... Would have loved to seen more in these bad current times....
You need a different microphone. The audio is garbled and difficult to understand.
This is amazing
you should count how many times you said the temperature and redundant data
Would love to see a much smaller version.  I want you put one on my deck!
Awesome greenhouse brother
How much is the electric bill per year for something like that? Is it feasible?
You should try woodprix. You can try It and get your money back if you don't like it
So how cool it get at night. ? Inside?
I enjoyed it I guess for the electricity only one circuit breaker is the minimum just curious.
every winter makes me desperate in the green house.  I barely keep 46 or 48 fahrenheit with many heaters which consumes 5kwh while 30 fahrenheit out there. also the place doesn't get enough sun light in broad daylight.  because there are several tall buildings surrounding the green house. after watching your video then i reached a conclusion. it is adding more insulation layer in it.
I much thé price of greenhouse
Do you still get 265 days of sunshine?
Greenhouses are obsolete.
Ever thought of using a geothermal system?  Seems like this would be an ideal situation
So what exactly makes it warm inside
🤔Wondering if there's an in-depth follow-up about that Plan B....
nice summer pre-presentaion of your family. . . . .
when i saw the thumbnail i was like oh yes. then i realised this is a high tech set up lol
Been checking back for 6 years no more videos,wonder why you stopped uploading ?
Loved your vid
Nice I will check out the beeswax vent...I was thinking solar power with timers and batteries were needed..learning
Step 1: Hook air barrier up to your a/c heater exhaust and dryer output instead of a separate air pump Step 2: profit.................... 😎
🤣🤣🤣
What happened to this channel?  Would love to see more but there's only one video lol
Lol summer vacation
Great video! Love the double wall idea. First time I've heard of that. I was going to use composting leaves and manure but I like this much better. Thank you!
What an adorable family! Love the plant 🧣 scarf 🙃😆
Awesome! I really like the warm/refresh system. We should use it over here because in our aquaculture harvest the water temperature control is very important for good results on it. By the way, may you enable the subtitle translation for me translate that and can offer for my frinds after help your channel? Thank you
hey is it still 89 degrees inside and 23 degrees outside?
Idk if he said it, but what kind of greenhouse is this. I would like to purchase the frame and plastic and blowers
Thank you!
everything freezes at night - so what good is it!?
Hello I was searching for other channels like mine and I came across yours. I am gathering information on greenhouses. I subscribed to yours and cant wait to watch more videos.
lmfao @ :50
Pro
Great family, and good job on the green house.  Like your video,  keep it up!
Plan B seems like a lot of work
What's up with the no narration?
What material was used for the green house. Im looking to help my dad make one in Guatemala. Thanks
Hello ! Thank you for your video, but I go to the site and I can not find your link. How to have the same system as you, and whatever it costs, please.
With solar panel  and LED you have a great setup  how much sun light you have tru the day
Maybe an instructional how-to-build video.
Thoughts on poly carbonate panels/sheets? They have the double layers but support squares throughout.
Sorry im having a hard time understanding the passive cooling system,  I can't catch smart you are saying "Bees Wax Ram"?
Hi, not sure if your'e still active, but what is the size of the greenhouse as in LxWxH?  Where did you buy the kit from?
I sunk my greenhouse into the earth 4 feet and I can’t achieve temps like that
you must be heating some how , mine does not get over 50 when its 30 out side
frozen?  I thought you just said it was 89 degrees in there.
A double wall poly green house is only a little bit more R value than a single wall. If you are going to actually raise plants in the dead of winter you must have heat and lots of it. When the sun goes down it gets super cold in a matter of minutes.  I used to have 20,000 Sq ft of commercial greenhouses and stressing plants, even cold tolerant crops with temperature swings like that aren't going to grow well.
Good review . Thank you!
Sound is awful
Cute!
Add a geothermal feature and the nights would be 45+ degrees And that heat during the day would only help that out because it would be stored in the ground at night. You would be able to grow citrus in there. https://youtu.be/0r8UHFsrGJA
any instruction for doing this super efficient greenhouse? materials and so on?
The music and cutaway sounds are loud and the vocal part sounds like Charlie Brown's teacher, wah, wah, wah. can't understand it.
I absolutely love your video. I think maybe you could grow some more crops in winter if you insulated your greenhouses a little better - like in this video https://youtu.be/umNeewpz_QA
It won’t work in northern Michigan lol... too cold here
So glad you said you were from the springs. Was curious about the winter here in the Denver area :)
I like that greenhouse. I need to do this set up
You and your family are hilarious haha
love it
Ouch my ears. I really want to watch but the music and sound effects are so loud compared to your talking.
This video inspired me to look at free active heating vs passive heating for greenhouses. Thank you for the fantastic information!! in my video I talk about free solar active heating using a seasonal earth battery. https://youtu.be/0OefG9G564c
Do you have a video on building the greenhouse or a list of materials
If I find a homeless persom sleeping somewhere on my property, them guess what? They aren't homeless anymore!!!
This is great! Do you have a plan/blue print for the greenhouse you're showing here? How do I get my hands on one of those?
Where did you go? Did you make another channel or something? I'd like to see an update.
Fuck yeah that's awesome
Any additional info on the air blower and the leavers on the vents?
what specific Greenhouse cover do you use
Where did you buy that green house
Two questions:  I'm in Boulder, what Colorado do you live in? Don't think there's been 200+ days of sunshine since 2013.  Also, why would veggies freeze if it's 89°???
Your Little girl steals the show 😄 Awesome info. Thanks so much.
Good Lord, after all the whiny comments on here I can see why you haven't posted any more. Thanks for sharing what you did.
Yeah this is the way to go... as long as you have the space.   In the city this is pretty challenging.  But amazing setup
Yea but this design may not be optimized for four seasons.
Is the frame of a military tent?
Looks expensive.
I've been following Elliot Coleman for many years!  He's a wonderful teacher!!
my right ear feels left out.
Poor guy his head must be frozen cuz he doesn't know what he's talking about. First thing he said 89° then when he comes there in the morning it is freezing make up your mind either freezing inside or is it 89 degrees there's no way you could have both at the same time in the greenhouse freezing temperatures and 89 degrees in a greenhouse
California outdoor cannabis
I've heard that adding a compost pile to a greenhouse can serve as a source of free heat. Since you get lots of sun, a couple of black barrels full of water might store enough heat to take the edge off on cold nights and boost production.
Where's the other videos? I only see this one video...
Great information on this thanks for sharing , God Bless
how much did it cost to make that greenhouse? and where did you get the plastic?
I got my greenhouse from Walmart for only $115. I just put it up, but man, it is already super hot in there. I love it, I am pretty sure I can grow during the winter with this.
I would be curious on what the temps get to at night. Any chance we could get that?
Is winter growing a new farming practice, relatively speaking? They didn't have 'poly' and what not...
How exactly do the passive bees wax rams coordinate on the exhaust and intake? The exhaust will open long before the intake.
ชอบๆ
89f = 32c 23f outside is -5c dang
great vide
I appreciate the bill nye editing style "thumbs up"
More videos!  You have a natural talent for this.
something wrong with the sound?
GREAT LOOKING GREENHOUSE  LOOKS LIKE ALOT OF MONEY THOUGH
Hello Sir, that is what I am looking for, could you kindly give me a price for the set up of such a greenhouse. Can the the Temp be lowered to 75 if needed ?? Thank you much
Tanks
Planning on building a 20' high hoop in an area with a lot of snow (north idaho).  I'm worried about snow accumulation and collapse (lots of pics of crushed high-hoops on Google)  How are you preventing this?  How to keep the snow off?  Thanks!
Cool the Springs I live there  and I made a min green house
265 days of sunshine
Finally! Some one gets it, ventilation, it's very important. Most of these green houses have rather poor to zero ventilation. Gotta keep the air circulating and not let the moisture build up too much.
Please upload more content. I really enjoyed your video.
Damn dude, what the heck hire a sound man! smh.....
mister rooglite
Love it!!
Great vid, i like how u brought in your fam to make it funny!
what is your soil temperature
Where did you get your 2 wall green house ?
Two questions. 1: Where can you get a greenhouse kit like this? 2. At 3:50 in the video you said that you have to worry about the water freezing. But, you had just said before that it's almost 90 degrees inside. How are things freezing at that temperature?
Why not just make a water pool in the middle of the green house. So the heat will go into it during the day and out during the night?
why not add some drums of water and a heat exchanger to store the heat and release over night ?
The family vacation part was so cute.
How much does a set up like this cost? Where do you buy "double insulation" greenhouses?
Many crops depend on a temperature constance like tomatoes ... They can grow great if daytime is 70 and nights are 50 ... With your temperature swing ( 89 to below 32 ) it is a wonder anything grows ... Seems like 89 or even over 75 every day in the winter would make spinach bolt to seed really fast ... I know lettuces would ... So would braccias ...
Ever look into doing a 'thermal earth battery' or 55gal drums of water to absorb the heat during the day and let it back off through the night?
Thanks,It is education. Would you please delete the harsh unpleasant sound between yours window views.
great job
freezing? You said it was 89 degrees inside?
I am in the planning stage for a build of a four cattle panel green house. How do you ensure pollination is happening in your green house? I know you have vents, but I am not so sure vents alone encourage bees to enter or not.  I plan to make my floor a raised bed and it will be a 4 panel, 8-9' wide house. It will sit on a 3' framework of 4X4's, so the height should be adequate. I am toying with the idea of a composting area being put to the outside north wall and heat from that used to be pumped into the green house. I learn something from all these videos, even if they differ from what my plans are to be. Thanks for sharing.
The audio is loud then quiet. Please fix and re-post. Thank you!
how much does it cost to build a green house like u have on here man
you need to heat it stupid
Very awsome
Please post info. On your greenhouse i.e. Where to buy, what it costs as it sits now etc...
If its so warm in there, whey do you need to grow only winter hardy crops in winter??? i.e. why would anything ever freeze in there???
Your web site appears to be down.
How much was the green house?
Well done video!
thump up for the info and specialy bloopers at end thanks for posting awesome greenhouse too
winter conditions have stirred my thoughts about purchasing land specifically for greenhouses. This video really helped me get an idea clear and settled my anxiety. now all I need to do is learn how to knit.
do you think you could pull off growing potatoes in the winter?
nice
It's below freezing outside and 89 degrees in there with just insulation and no heating. You must be from some other planet dude because I can assure you that's NOT how it works here on earth.
I like that 89 deg temp.
Wow. You've got some serious money invested in that green house. How much?
Useful advices,thanks for that.
Is this greenhouse your design? Or where can I get one ?
You mean to say you have no het plumed into that greenhouse ?
cool We can't wait to have our greenhouse up and running!
Since you don't heat your greenhouse, why not put 3 black drums filled with water, one at each end and one in the middle to keep some heat in the greenhouse? The drums will release the stored up heat as they cool.
I started about 72 seeds two weeks ago in a burpee seed starting kit. some of the expandable tablets didn't expand, so i had to add some soil i got from the dollar store. well, lo and behold, the only ones that grew were the ones with the dollar store soil. guess i know not to trust those kits anymore.
I would never have guessed the white stuff was snow. I thought someone has a serious dandruff condition.
So how cold does it get at night or early in the morning before the sun comes out
Hey! Your website doesnt seem to be working. Just wondering if you had any design plans for your green house builds. Thanks!
Aquaponics !!
So, it freezes at night which would kill most of the plants I want to raise in a winter greenhouse, and during the day as the sun radiates thru the plastic(s) it pretty much overheats and frys your plants unless you have passive ventilation.....I understand about spinach, cabbage, and such, which is nice, but its very limited.  Breaking off other plants like cucumbers, ashitaba, strawberries, moringa, etc, in the morning wouldn't work. Or to get your seedlings and propagations started early for spring planting, no way. A better title 'How to grow cold weather crops in a hoop house' for the video perhaps
ware do i get one
Yes, cool video and its so hot here in Brazil right now 90F it is summer and you have both temperatures! We grow oranges, bananas all year long here. I have a question: Could you grow bananas, or  oranges or tangerines in the greenhouse, if you wanted too?
What the heck is a "beeswax ram"?  BTW:  your system will not work in other areas -- I have been in Colorado Springs and I know the tremendous difference in the radiated heat from the sun in Colorado Springs vs. Chicago.  Not enough detail on the dual-layer blower system shown.  Apparently, you are letting things freeze at night, so insulation must not be good enough somewhere.  You did not mention which way you oriented your structure relative to the sun -- N-S, or E-W.  That young girl is going to do a LOT of knitting for "Plan B", LOL.
On one hand, you're saying it's 89°, yet you're still wearing a thick jacket and saying stuff still freezes inside... ???
Прошу прощения,за глупый вопрос чем она обогревается?
Where can I buy such greenhouse or do i have to make one from scratch myself?
could cannabis grow in there?
So it DOES freeze in there? Oh, at night- it is warm but at night it freezes? I have never lived anywhere but Texas. I am in Central Texas now. I have 2 kind of leaky small greenhouses. 1 is a simple lean to against my house with used window and a used door and 3 used sliding glass door panels. I just put a portable electric heater in there and occasionally turn it on in January or February when we have a little cold weather.
Whats the coldest temp you see at night? Im building my first greenhouse now, im in massachusetts and its a small 20x10.  Im curious how low it will drop at night without heaters
there is no sound
Why don't you grow pot you would make allot more money with the space you using.I mean you grow what you gonna make the most money off.Yeah I would have 1 for my veggies,but my other one 1 be slam full of weed.You could get about 100 to 150 lbs a harvest and you could get 3 harvest out of it.So lets say 100 lbs at 1500 lb thats 600k..So after everything said in done you walk with about 450k after taxes in expenses.Hope this info helps you out!!
Make more videos!!! You are great!
Really Really nice. I don't have a lot of backyard, but want to build a decent size greenhouse to grow some vegetables. If you have any DIY videos for somehing smaller, please share thank you.
Very nice vid, I live in the springs and I want to do this on my property but I need to work out some details
Ahhh.  Very informative and entertaining. You hit the sweet spot in video making.  Looking forward to seeing newer videos.
Could you give me an estimate on the cost of materials for a 10' x 20' greenhouse with double-wall construction? And may I email you for more info?  Excellent video; lovely family; lucky man! Thank you.
you need record in stereo lol one ear just dont cut it
I liked the video.  Funny bit about the sweater.  :)
nice job doneI am asking what about GCC country and the ability to make a green house  since we have strong  wind summer and  the winter almost 4 weeks on'y
Wish you would make more videos!
Nearly 3000 subscribers and 260,000 views with only one video??  What happened to you?  Where are your other vid to draw those numbers?  I like the format.  Shame you died out.  Brent
Do you have more videos?
Hello, Where did you buy that blower you are using to inflate your plastic dome.  Regards,  BAG2
even though i see flaws in the storyline ,theres some good ideas towards your own creation
Where can I buy a greenhouse like that with double wall and air in between?
So it's 89 degrees, yet your spinach freexes?
No more videos?  I take it you must've frozen to death over night while sleeping in that chair in your swim suit.  It's a good concept; however, it didn't look like your plants were doing to well.  With the temps you claim, I imagine that it would look like a rain forrest in there.  Best of luck.  Since it's been 2 years, I guess you're not looking at this any more.
это вариант солнечного вегетария?
How many hours of cloudless sunlight do you get on average in the winter? Here in the PNW I believe we get 2hrs on average, which does not heat a greenhouse enough in the winter, even though our average temp is higher.
diyfarmer website is not being used. What's up with that?????
Where did you buy the plastic for your greenhouse?
solar ceiling fans
My friend dont have running water or elec. so how can this work for her?
You said the pipes freeze in the winter, but if it's 89 degrees inside how are the pipes going to freeze? Honest question.
My right ear feels lonely.
Lucky kids, great way to grow up!  Good job
Question. Did I hear you correctly by saying you were using bee's wax ram? If so, just what exactly is that? thanks Great video.
Was this posted on April 1st, it's a joke isn't it? There's no website, no follow up videos, waste of time.
What is a beeswax ram?  When you were walking about your passive system, it sounded like you said a bee's wax ram?
smart
Where did you go? Are you going to post more videos?
With your double layer plastic walls, how do you keep it sealed up? I'd imagine it works similar to those inflatable funhouses, etc, so how do you keep it air tight( or close enough to it to be effective)? Great design! Thanks in advance!
I really have to build a bigger greenhouse! Great vid
We have the same kind of greenhouse, but we don't have a vent on top, which I think is awesome. We grow for the farmers markets and it's really important for us to get a head start for the tomatoes, peppers and so on. Last winter we had a lot freezing temps, so we had to crank on the heater which did cost a lot but was well worth the cost. We had a amazing summer this year. Thanks for posting....Take care
You're good!
Good stuff, thanks for the video. I want to build one shortly, but I'm confused about where the walls meet the ground. Do you attach the plastic film to the ground in some way to keep cold air from getting in, or do you dig down a few inches, or...?
I love it when people show the out takes. They are always hilarious. Great video.  Janice
How do you manage temperature at night???
Excellent video. I have learned much.
I can't wait to get my winter gardening on!
Thank you for this video. I especially like the part about your blower which blows air between the layers of plastic. Could you please give more details about that? Do you have more videos?
I saw a video of some guy putting fish in these big square plastic water containers that are in metal cages and painted them black. Forgot what those are called. Anyway, he had 3 of them and had a pump connecting them. Passive solar. Even used one of them for watercress. You could use 55 gal plastic gallon containers painted black for passive solar as well. Also saw him dig out the trenches along the rows and put wood on top and used them for compost and worms. I'd worry about mice though.....
Double wall is just two sheets of 6 mill put up as one, then inflator blows air in between them all the time.   Two hours after sun down Inside will be outside temp without a lot of thermal mass.   Canada would need heaters or inside coldframes with water bottles.    About 110 degrees on a 20 day in Massachusetts while sun shines.   Then when the sun goes your heat goes fast.
In my experience, unless you have thermal mass like water bottles, two hours after the sun goes down the inside temp equals the outside temp.    Things like celantro or spinach do fine,  but even  they might  need a coldframe inside the greenhouse.   Massachusetts winters, same inflared double 6 mil plastic.
DIY Farmer: Awesome Channel & Video
Wat if ur in canada and the weather goes all the way down to -55 celcius?
Nice work
very funny hahahaha nice system i do want to know how you bild a double wall you hafe one one vid? sory for my engels i am duch so
what would it cost me for a greenhouse of the same type, maybe half the size of yours?
AWESOME! I wish I had something like that! Would you be able to grow some corn in one of those?
well done.do some more.
I would like to have some more information on the double walled construction.
looking to buy my first green house like the one in the video or smaller wher can i find them
Useful tips for the season. http://www.infobarrel.com/Reliable_Sources_of_Heat_for_Greenhouses_and_Farmsteads
I enjoyed your video, Im making one this weekend. Can I ask if you used clear or white film? Any pointers would be appreciated.
What mil poly do you use. Mine got torn up from the wind this winter.
your vid was entertaining and informative. I live up north of you in Loveland, co. I'm wondering what is the best way to cool a green house in the summer?
Thanks for sharing food for thought.  How did you build it, that would be a great one.
great video. who is the manufacturer of you green house?
Raised beds allow for more effecient water control.
more :)
wow really nice
Can you also grow cabbage in this type of greenhouse ,or is it to hot?
Have you considered adding barrels of salt water or something to increase the thermal mass of the greenhouse?  That would help to level out the temperature swings...
OMG... Tropical vacation... Love it !!
more videos ? i only see one... gave up interest ?
Well I guess you failed. I don't see any more videos.
Hi. bro.. what kind of green house covering material  you was using ?  could you share the name or the company you get from? thanks
Loved the video. Well organized, clear and fun to watch.  Great Job!
Nice vid.. but this is the only one you have. I enjoyed your format. Would like to see more.
what size greenhouse is that?
What is this "Beeswax ram"? That you speak of in the video that you use for passive cooling to open up the vent at the top and back of the greenhouse. Is there another name for it or did I spell it wrong? I am curious about mechanical devices that do not require electricity to open doors when it is too hot or close them when it is too cold.
Please make some more videos.
Awesome...good job.
Great video!  I'd love to see more.
How do you handle brown leaf from watering by hand?
can you show more details about where to order , build up green house......all your information very helpful for beginner like me to learn grow green all season..thanks
Funny video!! ;)
