Bumi
Bro who else remembers this video, it’s brought me so much nostalgia seeing this again
Its really good. A few nitpicks but good👍
This dino seems to have a Severe bite defect
though the design is highly inaccurate its very charming and cool
Its a great sculpt!  I dunno, I dont see an Allosaurus in that at all :|
That is not what an allosaurus looked like...
This arms positions, and The Head is... Inaccurate
5:30 expansion and contraction of heavy polymerclaycancause cracking
Tres jolie travail 👏👏👍✌🏽👌
can you make more stuff with air dry clay please i am getting bored looking what to make with my left over it would be very kind of you
oh... by the way, the hands in therapods like allosaurus, t rex, and velociraptor faced inwards like birds. if an allosaurus's hands were in the position you put them in, that would mean it's wrists where broken so next time you sculpt one of these types of dinos, please put their hands in the correct position. Inwards, facing each other like a clapping sorta motion.
Спасибо. Покажите пожалуйста как Лепить дракона .
looks like a skinny chicken
Savage awesome work!!  I'm loving the idea of the press mold for the scales  I'll def.  be using that idea!!
looks more like a carnotaurus but its really nice.
Him horns was... Little bit different...  Но скульптура классная, обожаю аллозавров!
I love it!! Great job... did you paint it I couldn't find that episode? Please send me a link so I can watch it....
I didn't know dinosaurs could ice skate
wow, realy nice! wish the jaw was bigger tho.
Hi. What brand you are using ??? Of polymer clay
Is it just me or does seem like the next Bob Ross
Love the sculpture and the way the movement was captured. Arms could be a bit shorted and palms facing each other and the jaw is a little weird ,but other than that I love it !
I tried so hard....failed.....broke a window.....lost 2000 bucks.....And tried to make it again
just a suggestion after using the foil... wrap the foil with masking  tape, you can then remove clay with out worrying about any sticking to foil.
What tool do i need to do this and how can i make the basic shape?
Looks absolutely fabulous
The wrists are broken
man the dinosaur nerds really are a bunch of killjoys
The skull is too wide
is it possible that you can sculpt a dracorex ?
you have inspired me to sculpt , your videos have put a big impact on me! Thankyou
Beautiful job on this sculpture and I love the energy in the pose!
omg¡¡¡ esta muy  crak
That is a Carnotaurus
It looks so detailed!👍 But I couldn't get over it's awkward leg lift. I don't think they could lift it like that.
Allosoraus had crest not. Horns
You inspired me to start sculpting thank you for that
You inspired me to start sculpting thank you for that
He's beautiful, that allosaurus looks menacing and dumb at the same time
Omg man, u got mad skills.  That shit is amazing!
very cool but i found the throat just under the mouth too flat. otherwise GG !
ooh I love the tip for making the tool to texture the skin! It looks great, can't wait to give it a try on my next sculpture! Thanks!
one word perfect
You make it seem so easy!! Wow!! I can barely even make a mug 😂 Amazing!!!
Hi just trying to help but, you gave the allosaurus horns wen it actually had a crest it still looks great though
Can you plz coler it
is he peeing?
wow
It looks like its about to fall
Hello it's storm trooper teen again I love the still of the allosaurous and I have a good dinosaur you can make a carnotoraus or a brachiosurous those two animals to me are iconic animals and I also do art for my part time and I love dinosaurs because just imagining a large iconic animal living and breathing and roming the lands of are world millions of years ago so even now we still need to learn more about them and making clay statues like this allosaurous gives it a image what it would look like when it was alive. Also showt out for awesome artist of taking his time to make this iconic animal.
Why do you say at 5:19 that "clay removal is impossible if you make the body to large".  Why cant you always take off clay if you need to, before you bake it?
As usual useless.
So the part were you put the scales on with the clay with holes was it wait or it was already dry
It has horns of a carnotaurus
Why wouldn't Allosaurus be a pink featured creature? or even with rainbow stripped skin and with peacock coloured mane. Why should these creatures always imagined, drawn and sculptured with reptilian skin?
You should do a raptor
This is awesome no joke
Great work Mister, interesting to watch how you've made the Allosaurus model.
Ррррра у тебя в штонах!
I think that you should really do a saurapod like a Alamosaurus and a T rex next to it
Great stuff, I'll try to do mine, of course will be uglyier but you showed all the way to do it, thanks!
where is the pole its supposed to be clearly peeing on lol
"alrighty then"
It looks like a carnotaur
This model was insanely good. Top notch work and detail. Most definitely looking forward to seeing more.
The cool thing about the allosaurus is that it was one of the only species of theropod dinosaurs that didn't have feathers.
Deinonychus? :3
I call it tin foil
That was amazing great job
That's more like a hybrid between an allosaurus and a carnotaurus.
new subscriber :D
Hi, i just gotto say that your video helped me with creating a Carnotaurus and paint it properly. Thank you for this wonderful video!
Good shit
My favorite
Good sculpting
What is that creature supposed to be ._. Also you're incredibly talented
I want to get into sculpting (repainting pre-existing figures is fun but it's time to step up my game) and I have a 10lb box of natural clay.  Can I use that clay for this kind of project or does it need to be polymer?
I'm currently working on a spinosaurus one for a diorama 👌👍
WhaT A Master!!!! luv it!
Very beautiful and helpful viduo, thanks alot, i didn't know alot about sculpting i learned so many things :)
This is incredible, you are extremely talented
The left leg is broken, gotta remember the 90 degree rule
sir what type of polymer clay are you using sir?
I can't even make a play doh guy
hi  i want to know what paints we can use on polymer clay and what kind of glaze? like for example if i have a flat plate of polymer and i make a portrait over it, what paint and glaze i must use to protect the surface and colors from damaging? thank you
Very nice mate. I would like to see how do you make teeth, tusk and fang of any creature with sculpey. I need to see example to have idea, to my open jaw monster. thanks
why must you put the eye in the archosaurian hole?!? 1:20
this video is adorable - and extremely helpful! I've been wanting to start sculpting with polymer clay, and I learned a lot about planning and technique with this.
สุดยอดเลย
how did u do the dino or Allo on the computer?
มีความรู้มากๆ สุดยอด
Dinosaurs doesn't have to go to the dentist
What tool is the one that looks like a a sponge?
how to make scales pls im getting stressed in my T.Rex sculpt and what clay do you use?
i would love if you ad feathers to your models :c
do you know if this type of clay is available everywhere?  Like Southeast Europe?
I would have  thought the metal would expand and burst the clay as it is hardening? :S
can I use the regular polymer clay?
Hello, I have a question (complicated one), do you sell figures because I'd be interested in getting a v rex which was in the king kong movie in 2005, sculpture painted (possibly, made out of cheapest material possible and without a base, simular to the one made from galileo hernandez nunez, just google it) but quite a bit smaller, around 6/6.5 inches tall. Do you know how much that would cost? And if you don't sell custom sculptures, could you give me the name of a site or a person who does? Thanks very much
haw does water soften plastic? and How can you bake a wooden palette?
12:26... SMILE? y esa risa?
good video and well made sculpture.  ...but allosaurus didn't have long sharp horns and the mantis like arms are inaccurate as most bipedal dinosaurs had hands with the palms facing each other.  This is'nt hate or criticism on your art skill more just sharing knowledge.
what kind of metal and wire did you use for the armor? And what is the brand of the material that you're using? thanks in advance! (you're videos are STUNNING)
I love the dino models but...did you make a template for the people to use because I'm planning on makin one
This is so amazing! :o
Do parasaurolophus!! Plz :3
what is that pose
nice job kutgw !
Omfg, you made this seem like it is so easy! :D I use to do aluminum foil sculptures when I was 13 now I'm doing clay charms <3 I will make this Allosaurus sculpture this summer :3
can you make it for me?
I requesting  a raptor  with a color of black with red dots or stripes, and a highlight of oak white.
I tried to make one, but it missed up its suppose  to be a raptor.
Hi Joe I just this second came accross your channel. Can you get all these products at an art store or is it specialist stuff like we have Gordon Harris here in New Zealand
Please sculpt more amazing creatures from clay. The way you used the wire has helped me so much, myself being an art student.
I mean, it's not really an allosaurus, and it's leg is dislocated to a ridiculous degree,  but its a cool sculpture anyway.
Love you're hat
Hey, uh.... If you're gonna make tutorials on crafting dinosaurs... Please make it accurate.
beltful
Is it just me or does this look like the Indominus Rex?
how do you make that stand? what is that thick wire and how does it stand on the base? need help thank you :)
This is amazing! This the kind of sculptures you should do always! Do more of these!( by the way I like your trike too).
You're amazing! So many details, it looks like alive creature! LOL I have a problem with sculpting the most simple fish in the world, i thought it's easy to sculpt polimer clay, but nope. Not that easy xD
Actually, Allosaurus was easily beaten in size by Spinosaurus, Acrocanthosaurus, Carcharodontosaurus and Giganotasaurus long before Tyrannosaurus evolved.
You were really excited, it's kind of creepy...
i appreciate that you tried to make it accurate but where are the feathers? Allosaurus did not have a lot of feathers but it still had some advanced vained feathers. I really love this figure though!
Thanks for the help. By the way amazing sculpture!
as uno de indumius rex😎😂
What materials do you use?
Hey great work!  I recently started sculpting my first t rex and ran into a bit of trouble with his teeth. His mouth is open so I have the top and bottom to do, but its pretty challenging to get in there to put in small teeth. Also, it seems like my clay is a bit too soft to form such things as small tiny and pointy teeth. What would you recommend to do in this situation? I'm stuck!  Oh, I'm using Sculpey 3 for my clay. Hope to hear back!
monte marte pls make more dino sculpting video
monte marte pls make more dino sculpting video
monte marte pls make more dino sculpting video
monte marte pls make more dino sculpting video
good สุดยอดละเอียดสุดสุดไปเลย ที่ให้ความรู้
I have to say I'm impressed with your technique. Quick, easy to follow and very creative. You taught in two videos what my college took a whole semester to teach.
best
This video will really help me Thanks men You video come to brazil, im brasilian and you gona make sucess over here too
hello, this is one of the best dino models I have seen keep up this great art you gave me lots of ideas and tips for art, thanks!!!
i got the SAVE! post-it too xD
can you show how to sculpt a gorgosaurus!        thank you
Fantastic piece.
Excellent vid mate ... no personal nonsense, just the facts ..... way too much waffling on many vids
I put to much stress on my tools and wind up breaking them................why strong hands
Shouldn't they have feathers like micro raptor? If I wanted a trex with feathers how would you sculpt it?
Love the video, learned a lot about the dinosaur as well as modeling. Thanks!!!
Hello! Great job! =)  The material used is the super sculpey? It dries the air or you have bake it?  Thanks!
Show!
Show!
Hi Ricardo Balboe  yup the jaw is understated.  Regarding the horns, well  we don't really know.  Horns varied between individuals, and were not made of bone, and Because Keratin decomposes feathers and horns are speculation?  From my understanding those lumps on the Lacrimal part of the skull are not the 'horns', more considered an anchor point for them'.  Have a look at a rhinoceros skull, the Keratin horn does not attach to it.  Gregory s Paul states that he thinks they were very fragile and evolved to amongst other things to provide shade.   Thanks for commenting by the way, I appreciate all comments. Joe
I subscribed because of the great jab at the American pronunciation of aluminum 😁 I'm sure you didn't mean it in a bad way but I still loved it! 😂
the feathers are missing
Dude, your job is marvelous!
Rhys Darby sculpts ? heh heh
where did the lower jaw go? lol
Great Tutorial!! I'm new in sculpture. Can I use polystyrene instead of aluminum? Or it could be melted?. Thanks!!
Are there shops in Germany?  Or it is giving an online Shop?  Thank you
your voice is so annoying and if the allosaurus ran like that it would just topple over
Lol you sound so happy
i'm gonna go and make one of those texturing tools right now! great tip!!
that is a crazy pose, like it.
that is so cool I have a job atm working 10 hours and love playing the guitar and I wish I had time to sculpt as well and I also draw only if I have sparetime. So many cool things to do in this world I wanna dinosaur on top of my desk!. Nice work!
Excellent work and great video.
This really helped, thanks mate:) quick question: Does this work with any polymer clay and normal acrylic paints? Thanks
This is one of my most favorite tutorials! Even better that you're making a dinosaur (which I specialize in)!
Amazing Video. Just starting out in sculpting and you are an amazing teacher :D Thank you
velociraptor please!
Absolutely incredible sculpt, you should sell the mold, very talented.
Could you please do a carcharodontosaurus? It is my favorite dinosaur and I want it on my shelf you can also do dilophosaurus  I'm ok with both!
Oh by the way, what kind of spinning contraption are you using there?
Fantastic tutorial and sculpture!  :D I was about to ask you how thick the booker wire was but obviously I wasn't listening the first time!  XD    BUT I wanna go ahead and thank you for this great tutorial!  I'm starting to work on my OWN Dinosaur with your techniques, and I think you and everyone (well MAYBE ALMOST everyone) will enjoy it.  lets just say it has to do with a certain movie that'll come out to theaters on the 12th   ;)   I'll send you guys a link to my deviantArt page when I'm done.
Hi Uros, the Mont Marte clay is fantastic because it is not hard or crumbly.  It also adherers to the armature really well.  Alot of the clays don't like to stick to metal.  Mont Marte Polymer clay retails for AU$ 2.95 and the block contains 60 grams, and there is 39 colours in the range. For reference, any books that Gregory S Paul has authored are a good starting point.  The internet is a good place for up to date material also.  Good luck with your study and you sculpting Uros ;)  Joe
oh ... it may can help alot .thank to post the good clip :">
learned a lot ! i love the dynamic pose, skin textures is excellent. thanks for sharing this.
Amazing! Congrats!!
I like the way you talk. haha entertaining :)
I am always so amazed with the art on this channel. It is so inspirational.
I'm glad we could help grace knightly...good luck with your A levels. Joe
Hell yes this is great. I agree Would be great to see a triceritops in an action pose with this level of realism.  I always have trouble With the frame. I use sculpy it's pretty good . How do you get the plans. Thanks
Amazing just amazing on of he best dinosaur sculpts on the tube.  The head is a little large but it's amazing I went to buy some of the clay  and it's sold out so I went to another shop and they had next to nothing there can I buy direct from mont marte.  Could you also do a large herbavore may be a tri ceritops or an inguanadont or stegasarus thanks ed
You're awesome! your videos give me great ideas for my a-level coarse work :) thank you
Hello Joe, Brilliant to make with a child, that should well please them... I am always amazed by your creativity :) Big kisses from France ;)
