Very helpful. Thank you!!
Excellent video, I couldn't find much other information about this problem. Thanks!!!
i was worried about this , thanks for the video
Good effort but the camera should be focused on the subject and not on donny.
What's the name of the tape you used?
Great presentation! Thank you Sir.
isnt not better to remove the windshield . I had that issue when i first paint job. show a video on how to remove widshield please.
Sorry i meant i see you have 2 different sizes shown in the video
Car Addict Garage, never mind the last question i ask you about the 3M i you have 2 sizes shown in the video. One thing i want to ask you what sizes should i go with a 10M or a 15M? I'm trying to tape up a windshield moulding on my 03 tiburon, the lip on that moulding is thin and hard, what size 3M tape should i go with?
Car Addict Garage, can i ask you whats the part# and description name of this 3M tape product so i can go to my local auto paint supply store and order one?
Thanks need to know this, fine line tape is good, this is better though.
Incredible thank you
Thank you...
At $30+ a roll for that 3M is cost prohibitive, thanks for the rope idea, I'll try it. Thanks
This is what I wanted to know man! Thanks a lot!!
That rope idea is fuggin briliant ^o^
couldnt see alot of it as there was massive subtitles in the way???
Thanks for this! Didnt know what to do on the molding.
Oh WOW nice! How long should you wait before removing the masking tape from a spray Job?
Masking information of Windshield Molding To Prevent Bridging or Hard Edges is very good. I like it.
Thanks!
You're welcome, thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching and commenting!
That's was a good video,3m has the ace in market.Rope was a good old timer tip. Paisano
Great videos and tips as always
You're Welcome, thanks for watching!
Thanks again for watching!
GREAT TIP, THANK YOU
Thanks AeroSport103!
Thanks for watching the video!
Hi Nick, there are so many products out there, it's hard to keep up with all of them.  I'm glad you found this one useful.  It will give directions on the back of the box.  Around corners is a little tricky, but read the directions for that.  The tape has been a life saver!
I'm glad you found it helpful.  Thanks for watching.
Heard of that masking tape from VWDARREN,  but dam good vid !!
thats awsome ive did close to a 100 jobs this year and i allways have tht problem.iam getin straight on the phone tommorw morn with the paint store and seeing if they have some of thats 3mtape...thanks alot for the video keep em comin
