Eat healthly
You should practice with Woo&Pep. Google this or just go to Woo&Pep website :D
You should go to Woo&Pep if you'd like to make diet better guys.
Great tips!
Yes but whipped cream and chocolate contain high amounts of sugar.
The Yogurt in the Baked Potato is so the Yogurt substitutes the Sour Cream.
OMG! People check out ExprezSliminizer and say Bye-Bye to Fat and unhealthy ways of living!
It would be a shame if you did not get ripped when these normal people accomplish it so easily with Legion Fat Loss (Look it up on google).
Have you experienced Legion Fat Loss? (do a google search for it) It is a quick and easy way for you to burn calories fast.
If you want to lose weight quickly, you should google Legion Fat Loss. That might help you get the body you deserve.
i know right that what i going to say mr.b
We are a team of professionals with many years of experience in producing fake passports and other identity documents, best quality producers of fake documents. With more than 10 million documents circulating in the world. We offer only original high qualities of true-false passports,  driving, ID cards, stamps, birth certificates,  and other products for  all countries For additional information and place the order just contact us by email or phone.berikelly8@gmail.com or (301) 636-5869
Hi there, have you seen Blistering Fat Loss? (look it up on google) You will discover the crimes we commit against ourselves. With "Blistering Fat Loss", you will discover how to burn up fat quickly.
LMAO
Have you heard about "Lean Body Stagger"? (check it out on google) It is a quick way to burn up fat fast.
Hey! I'm Nicole.I did -40 lbs in 30 days.Go to aidadiet.com
yep i agree, i know alot of people who think it is fake. the thing is, my spouse is getting paid monthly for doing some surveys and browsing sites. i got it from here. you can also try it: HEALTHYMEALSDIET.HOST56.COM
Snacking is important to curb hunger throughout the day. This is especially true for healthy snacks, thanks for sharing some of these snack ideas.  We created an ab machine to work the midsection while standing, so if your viewers are interested they can visit us at theabstand*net and try it for $14.95 + free shipping.
Hey! I am ( a big fat piggy face 12 years old!)
Who eats a CUP of raspberries? I don't even think the whole carton is a cup
@machinegunopera seriously... tell me about snacks that are gonna be good for me in REALISTIC portions... 1 tsp of brownies aint too bad either in the grand scheme of things...
shes so gorgeous!!!
Why is she drinking a smoothie with a spoon?!
@brandonr85 It's the only way she can eat xD I think =/
BITCH who the fuck eats only 2 teaspoons of peanuts?  I fucking eat them in buckets.
@theanna3f plain yogurt tastes exactly like sour cream.
Yogurt with potatoe?>..How would that taste like?
EWWW! why would you put yogurt on a potato? That's disgusting!
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM SEEEDS gotta love em
@mrmjordan I love your vocabulary
ic that one girl in alot of howcast vids
what was the ice for?
this video made me hungry!
1:39 will it blend?
basically you need the whole kitchen.
Want me to get anything else like an elephant wearing a tutu riding a unicycle??
ewww yogurt and potatoes together?
i prefer pop corn
pronounce vitamins and yoghurt properly.
@jadoredior04 so are dicks.
Even if you don't like the model, don't be a mean jerk. (especially if you're a big fat piggy face 12 years old)
prezels arent healthy they are full of salt..
Does she really need to nod every time she eats something?
lol i understood "16 spoons of walnuts" instead of "6 teaspoons of walnuts"
4th n00bz
great ideas!!! keep these type of videos coming.... I'm trying to loose weight
pro
