So cool 😎
Сколько мужчин умерло за время строительства ? )
Лучший проект!
Closest build to an actual hobbit house I've seen so far. A single post in the center of the central table would be less clutter, and a rocket mass heater with the mass in the floor would be best for heat. But still, not another square box with a round door...Bravo!! I like the beds...reminds me of the ones in the Millennium Falcon.
It’s a bit shit
It’s not IN the ground, but it is very nice the way it is!
beautiful house and poor editing...
Composting toilets work well enough, but they can smell. If your home uses one, you don't want it to be inside. It needs to be in a separate outhouse.
Wow so beautiful..stay safe & Godbless.
How did you managed to do a roof with natural materials ? How old is house now ? Does it keep in good state ?
😘😘😘😘😘
Its so comfortable
Do they have drawings,but very creative and which materials are used to make such structure
Nice creative work,do they have architectural designs
I love your home....
To bad I don't live in Canada 😭
Love this home!
Where does the water go in the shower, like while your showering? I’ve been looking for indoor cob house bathroom and your the only one I found that shows me a shower! I was excited for that.
I’d live there with you.
So comfy and homey Can really see my living in that
Okay, i know You're calling this a Hobbit House but this is a traditional cob House with the round dome shape, the light source from above, vegetation on the roof & objects built into the walls.  Admittedly They've added cute little doors & maybe tried it to make it Hobbit like but it's still a seriously nice Home even if You don't want to think of it as a Hobbit House or if You do, either way. I forget the Name of the ancient People who invented these & Google isn't giving Me what I'm looking for.
This is my dream :'(
Love the au- naturale BTW !
If you would incorporate rain and snow catchments/cysterns and use Berkey Water Purification Systems for your personal drinking and cooking , you could eliminate plastic bottles 100%. Check out  www.earthships.org
Freedom! Just amazing roof idea.
I don't recall Bilbo having a propane stove and solar panels. lol Kidding aside, that looks nice and cozy.
Isn't this where the telitubbies live?
I live in a country with very little forest and no rocks/stone. In order for a house in this region to be truly eco-friendly it would have to be made of straw and clay. It would still need a wooden structure for stability and for the roof. The roof would have to be a grass roof as there's not much else available. This summer I will go to an 8-day workshop to learn how to build a strawbale house. I want to see if it is something I can and want to do. If do ever end up building a straw/cob house I'll want running water though; a groundwater pump like my grandfather has could work for that. My country has no shortage of high water.
I adore your fanatic hobbit-home!  It’s an amazingly evolved space thank-you for sharing your treasure with all who would love one of our own.
About how many square feet is it?
Im renting it im going today!
Another cool video of a cool house. I do wonder what it would be like in the dead of winter.
Cute, comfy'n clever❣
So cute.  Love it.
"Are you sure you not a hobbit?"  Kanye (while on the phone to Kim)
I like it. It's really a straw bale, yurt style cabin with hobbit features. It looks like it would take a serious snow load. If I was to build one I would put in a well with a hand pump in the kitchen area and use a large berkey water filter system.
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE
Nice! How about lighting at night?
Live Edge, is the term coined to describe a furniture edge retaining bark , not natural .. though natural works too ! That upper bunk might be a terrific sobriety test.. especially taken on in the dark with a 'hurry-call' to the head
Thanks for another great video. I really like this house. Two things that I think could be improved are the center table and the upper bunk.  Those columns would make it almost impossible to see and talk to the person to either side of your sitting position.  The steps and hand holds leading to the upper bunk would make it difficult for some people to climb into and out of, especially in the middle of the night going to the toilet.  Otherwise, I think this is a perfectly charming little home.  Happy Camping
Hobbit - House since the Smurfs all died on AIDS i read up last Time, who`d guessed they all been Uphill - Gardeners ???
I do like the design of the sitting area
Oh wow 😲
j'aime beaucoup la table au milieu avec les pieds qui servent de poteaux centraux le salon le lit les murs c irréaliste  on se croirait dans le monde magique des hobbits
looks like tinker bell's
Hobbit house? Ain't even in the ground, come on now
this is a nice place!! how are termites avoided?
I like the simplicity and it's very nice.
I absolutely love the hobet house. I think it should have a wrapping deck though other wise it is so very cool i love the roof.
Beautiful house and another wonderful video
These houses definitely look like they belong here in our patch of the wood! We literally live about 45 minutes away from Hobbitville, NZ :D :D I love the care and beauty they've taken with their interior - so beautiful.
Again another wonderful off grid dwelling. When can I move in?  I'm amazed that anyone   i.e  16 people gave this place a thumbs down!!?  ✌🏼️🐝
That place is awesome.
I'm a noob when it comes to alternative living.What happens with the toilet paper in a compost toilet ?
awesome
Nice house. Greetz from Nederland.
Very nice, thank you.
5:06 bug
I really love this Hobbit House - so well designed and built.  Thanks a lot for the great tour!!
quite a unique place! i love it!
Do they use electricity for the lights?
you could totally live there comfortably
nice house
Roof ramps for the squirrels and other animals.
Great design and it has some great aspects of use to be considered. Cheers for sharing guys!
really cool
I love these, keep it up!  Beautifully shot and edited.   This house is very cool, it's gorgeous!  Like a lot of these spaces, I'm on board and get excited about them and could see myself in one until I get to "composting toilet," then I tap out.   I'll take an outhouse over that mess any day!
Soooo cute ^_^
Lovely house. I don't think it would be possible for me and my family to live completely off grid. An alternative home needs some source of energy. Perhaps wind or solar. The house design in this video is great. Good video, well done.
Epic is definitely a good way to describe that eating area! wow! btw I am so happy for you guys at how your channel has grown. Being featured by Kirsten Dirksen, and the amazing quality of your finished videos, it's all coming together! :-)
That's a cool place Thanks for the video you two 😎
It's hard to believe a building like this actually exists. It would be my dream to own or build something like this
Go to 1:38 and look at the far left. There's a sneaky snooper outside!
Have always loved hobbit structures. I could totally live here with the fam... would just add running water.
Great video. amazing alternative build. Very impressive use of space
Wish I could have it.
I could totally live in that. so cute...
Hey love ur house just wondering about permits and that. was there a lot of hoops to jump thru. I live in bc
Very nice.
danielle please do a hair care routine video! your hair is so healthy!
I'd love to live in this house!
What is the diameters of the house?
Super Superb!!!! Super Superb!!! Super Superb!!!! Amazing House!!!! Super Calm and Pleasant!!!!  Super thanks to you both!!! Super God Super Bless you!!! Thanks for sharing!!!!!
I love your channel. My wife and I are intrigued with a simpler more flexible lifestyle.  You both are an inspiration.
So cute! <3
суперр)
That looks like a very well-designed space. I like the combination of green roof and straw bale. I couldn't tell what the floor was - concrete? Also is the stucco-like covering to the strawbales durable or something that would need reapplying every couple of years?
Really neat. I would. Like to sleep there. Brilliant use of the space. Very good and clear presentation. Thanks for the discovery.
Thumbs up... ENJOY.... THE  SIMPLE  LIFE
Very enjoyable house and video. Although the nerd in me wants to rage that Hobbits lived in holes, not houses. But I do appreciate the effort that went into designing the house regardless.
This off grid rental is stunning, one of my favourites that you guys have shown.  Thanks for this wonderful and informative channel. I have learned a lot thanks to your adventures and continue to do so. :)
это очень здорово!!!
💕💕💕💕💕
good video!
I love all the places you guys explore. I really love the Hobbit House. Thank you for sharing.
