When they develop a system of wheels like autos and motorcycle tubeless i’ll make the switch.  The whole sealant thing is ridiculous.
Orange seal works great on my mountain bike. I only have to replace it about once a year.
Did I miss something or did the entire part about inflating / sealant get skipped her?
Paused the video and came to the comments when i saw gorilla tape.
You dont know everything
So if my wheels aren’t “tubeless ready” can I just do this and be fine?
❤
Good video; however it is worth noting that you might need to wrap several layers of tape slightly narrower than the inside of the rim. Non-tubeless wheels aren't designed to push the tubeless tyre out into the bead channel, so some internal tension created by a strip of tape between the beads is helpful.  To actually get certain tyre-rim combos to seat, I've had good luck with entirely removing my valve core and shooting compressed air into the stem with a blowing nozzle - less resistance than a presta valve.
Then he throws away the appropriate rim tape and uses cut-to-width Gorilla duct tape. A small bead of RTV around the valve hole prior to installing the tubeless valve steam will ensure a tight seal.
Been doing “ghetto tubeless” for 20+ years with Stan’s.  Never had a problem. Funny to hear the dorks at all the shops say they don’t believe in it or won’t work on it.   Brainwashed babies who never tried anything on their own. :-/
My rims are tubeless ready but the tires are tubed type. Can I still convert to tubeless?
Tubeless tires do not fit the rim properly and are a nightmare to remove if you are trying to patch a tube
Handy tip #1 for converting to tubeless tires. Dont convert to tubeless. This will save you from the nightmare of trying to patch a tubeless tire along with the nightmare of trying to unmount it if you still use tubes
I would highly discourage denatured alcohol and go isopropyl.  Way cleaner surfaces after evaporation.  Denatured is one of the worst with leaving a slick film. Just trying to help.  (over a decade in the glass industry). Clean surfaces are required for any water tight seal and 100% isopropyl is the only way to go.  Love the videos 🤙🏼
My existing rim does not have any marking, it has like a lip all around the edge of the rim on both side, can I convert it to tubeless tire?
I tubeless every single tire I want and it's AMAZING (yes, even so called "tube type" tires)
Pro tip: Use Gorilla Tape for your rim tape.  It works better than anything else you can buy.  I tried Stan's rim tape, but it sucks.  It has almost no stretch, so when you try to press it down inside the rim, the edges will wrinkle leaving multiple air gaps.  After wasting nearly an hour trying to get a good fit with Stan's, I finally threw it in the garbage and bought a couple rolls of Gorilla Tape To-Go which is one inch wide, sticks extremely well, and it's stretchy, so it presses smoothly into the rim without leaving the edge puckered.
Come on guys !!! how can you do a video on "converting" and not cover how to DRILL the wheels for the new valve hole size?? WTF?? what size bit do we use ??
the best bike repair videos!!! thank you very much!!!
very thank you for the information !!!!!!!!!
I really appreciated the insights of this video it's interesting that a lot of the base of the tubeless setup based off of how well you set up your tire
Duct tape, right?
Was that duct tape on the rim?
As much hassle as sew-up  tubular tires and more expensive. These have turned out to be about as popular as the wooden wheels originally used on bicycles. Any one for solid rubber tires ???
Hello, sir, is it possible to use a rim that doesnt state anyhwere that it is tubless conversion ready?
I have a question! I did not catch it but what was the white stuff called pored into the tire. I know it's sealant but what kind? lol
Is this really how tubless are done with tape? Seems kinda janky. That's crazy it's   what all the elitists run. Lol duct tape holding air in their tires?
Oops. Using Gorilla Tape??? I used to refer to you as a best practice example. Very dissaponited...
I have yet to find a tubeless tire conversion video that mentions that sealants are temporary.  The best sealant has to be replaced every 2 years.  Some will only last a few days. You also have to check the temperature rating.  Some wont work in hot weather and some will freeze in the cold.   and this isn't even taking in consideration how well it seals.   This is probably why bikes are sold with inner tubes.
Hello use specelized tape or any tape? Thanks
Will this work for motorcycle tyre too ..if some one wants to use spoke rim as alloys.
I have a question. Can I make Tubeless a single wall wheel?
Yes, i would like to see how different sealants react and compare to each other. by the way guys your show is amazing. I've been repairing all my bikes. Thank you so much!
That's a pain in the ass.
Couldn't stuff pop through the tire to cause a flat the same as when you have a tube inside, but now you don't have a tube to fix the flat tire. Do you carry the sealing goo, nozels, nozel tool, solvents, rags, plus levers and  pump around instead of a change of tube in this case to fix flats? Seems more annoying to deal with, especially if you're in bad weather.
Toobless? Lmao
had to laugh,, duck tape  :)
Can I convert clincher to tubeless?
I couldn't tell from the video but is it possible to use a presta valve if you have a schrader valve by default when transitioning from tubes to tubeless?
Very  informative. Thank you so much.
Wow good job lods
Thinking about converting to tubeless. Was that just Gorilla Tape you used in the video?
I followed all these instructions but cant get the tire to pop. When I fill it, air just escapes between rim and tire. There must be a secret to it. Both rim and tire is tubeless ready.
I wonder how often a not explicitly tubeless ready tire fails even with sealant. The tire I have in mind is a Duro Wildlife Leopard 24" x 3.0". It's sturdy (and expensive). The bead is very very tight on the wheel (of a QU-AX unicycle). If it's unlikely to work tubeless, I'd like to avoid the wasted effort.
This is a great video but what about the add fluid step?
Park tool using Gorilla Duct tape as rim tape... All of a sudden I don't feel so alone.
If I could get a reply from some people. How often do you have to add air to your tube - tubeless tires?
Did you use Gorilla tape?
is it ok to use duct tape???
This guy could easily get bit parts in western movies.
we can use gorilla tape?  can we just fill with gorilla glue?
Great video . But , what if i dont have 4 different width rim tapes to choose ? How can i calculate the right rim tape ?  For example in a 22 inner width rim , shall i use a 23mm rim tape , a 21mm , or other ? Thanks
if thats how tubeless is ill just stick with the tube
Why would you, I don't get the advantage.
How hard does it take a MAG bicycle wheel and go to with v rubber tires tubeless
Question how do you install tubeless tires on a motorized mag wheel
Gorilla tape works?
Best part in this video is he is using gorilla tape! The best tubeless rim tape! 😂😂🤣
ellen degeneres will surely file a complaint against you if she'll be your customer. not because of your service but because you have untrimmed nails. hahaha
Very well done video!
👍
can you convert a standard rim to tubless,   what makes a rim tubeless ready?
Is this possible with a tubular rim?
Was that Frank Zappa?
Was that duct tape? 🧐🤔
Wait, is it duct tape?
He always makes things look so easy!
Seal the tape with innertube and roadtyre in hard presure. Leave for awhile. Take tyre and tube off. Start tubeless work...
Did he use black gorilla duct tape?
Really helpful 😊
Park tool scissors are the biggest flex other than gucci banans
Right on, Thanks for that.
Seems like alot just to have no tube. Are they really any better than a tire with a tube ? Is the performance different ?
Just me or does he look like sewage Joe from Parks and Recreation
Kind of skip over a couple important parts, like adding the sealant and airing it up and the first time and seating the bead.
The title say converting tires not rims
Good demonstration, the music is very monotonous and unnecessary.
Will this work in any rims?? I have a clincher. I wanna switch to tubeless can i just tape the rims to be tubeless ready,
How to remove  Trail king tyre  In wide rim with sealant ?  _tia
Another excellent video, thanks! The Park Tool series is a goldmine.
Wololoo wololooo, aieeejooo jo-joo, wolololoo wololoo.
this is the best instruction video i have seen, highly recommended.
I think as mtbkers we are always being told we have to have the next essential thing. This from what I have seen is very difficult to setup and expensive compared to tubes. Will as a novice, I feel the benefits of tubless when riding. I very much doubt it
how much sealant did you put?
Can you just use slime instead of that specific tire sealant?  I've always slimed my tube tires.
Does this work for converting a tubular wheelset to tubeless as well or only clincher to tubeless?
I tried this using a 26 x 2.3 Maxxis Aggressor tire on a 26" rim from a 2017 Trek 820. CLeaned with alcohol, 1" gorilla tape seal, 100ML of Stan's and I could not get past 0 psi... Air leaks from the sides and I cannot get the tire to seat. Any advice?
Thanks for this video!
are there schrader valve stems.
And thanks for the video!
Is that black duct tape used to seal the rim?
Hey. Thanks for the video.  It really gave me a good idea in which direction to go starting out tubeless. But there is no question. Tubeless is the way to go. So many struggles avoided after taking out the tubes. I found a good method for keeping pressure after your done inflating and the tyre is seated is to rotate and bounce the wheel off the ground several times. Maybe for about 5 minutes. Personally I have had some excellent results doing this.  Love the channel. Good motivation for myself.
came for the tutorial........    stayed for the mustache😎😎😎😎
December 1st...   Nut secured boys
Like if the air leaks out kacey .mabey more air or like differnt air will leak in like totally
Why go through all the trouble to do this when a tire with a tube works just fine? Are there any advantages to a tubeless tire?
So I can convert my regular non tubeless tire to a tubeless?
Just upgraded my bike to Tubless following your video, works a treat! no issues, loving it!
What kind of tape will be the best?
Thank you for the great video!!! :)
were is your bicycle shop repair? you can aling the bent wheel.
.wow, the wheels are so aligned..
Rim brakes and tire/tube combination. I’m a member of the K.I.S.S. Organization. KEEP IT SIMPLE STUPID.
I have a fat ebike with 26 x 4.0 fat tires that I ride on pavement and want to go tubeless. I am considering getting new Maxxis Mamoth tires, as I like the tread, price and reviews I've read, even though it's not as efficient as smooth pavement meats.  My 26" wheels do not have the typical cutouts to lighten them- they're totally solid. My question is about tire construction. Many of the tubeless ready tires of the same model are sold in either 60tpi or 120tpi and some are tubless ready while others are not. Some are foldable and some are not. Some have a wire bead, yada yada yada. Can you fill me in as I have no idea what to buy? Any help would be appreciated. PS, I'm asking this same question on a few other tire/wheel vids, so please don't be offended if you see my question elsewhere. I'm taking as much info as I can get. Thanks in advance.
시발 진작에 이거보고할걸
jebaited
The fu k is this stupid poop so complicated for  Just put flex seal inside your tire without the tube. Dont ask how its done but i said goodbye to holes in my tires forever
Always great videos, thanks!!!
Can you make tubeless tyres with wheels not made for it?
Can you use flex tape
you skipped a pretty important step. Could of done better but still thanks
Im doing this on my 20 inch bmx
I like❤
I kinda lost after he puts on the tape, now what to do next?
What kind of tape sir?
hi guys. question from brazil here... Did you used a regular black tape on the rim, or is a special tubeless adesive tape?
Show us the part where you add the sealant rather than skipping over it...
Is ghetto tubeless (DIY tubeless) advisable?
That tape you're using (that you're actually applying) looks vaguely like duct tape, where you've  just ripped it to the correct width while the tape is still on the roll.....  Or is this just appearances ?
I heat up and melt the tape with hot poker so it's perfectly round hole
Do the tires have to be "tubeless ready" for this conversion to work?
Only half a video mate! What about the adding of sealant and tyre inflation??
Ummm...  that was Gorilla duct tape he was using at 2:03
this might seem like a dumb question:  but if it i get a puncture on the road, do i have to camp out there for several days as the sealant cures???
I just use slime inner tubes 👍
can I use a car tyre sealant?
Does this slime freeze? It is a latex mix correct?
Could I just tape the holes for the spokes instead o taping the hole rim? Maybe with silicon or small pieces of tape. (Tu sum up, make little patches instead of the tape)
I dont have tubeless ready rim should. I do?
Do i need to buy the ready tubeless rims or not because my roadbike is non tubeless rim and tyre. I already buy the tubeless valve,rim tape and tyre but ididnt work ( using non tubeless rim)?
Can I use duct tape?
I'm hearing the voice of Daithi de Nogla
Are Schrader valves also available?
Calvin - Question  just got a set of WTB : Ranger tires Steel Bead . can i Convert to tubeless ???  i also have another Set WTB tubeless TCS tires the Bead is SOFT !! and Can run Tubeless i check the BOTH BEADS LOOK IDENTICAL EVEN the INTERNAL CASING LOOKS IDENTICAL  maybe internally  the TCS seas Better !!! Mind YOU another wheelset i have EASTON EA70  XCT had MAXXIS tires and i did a RESEAL with STANS and the 2nd day the sealant was leaking out of the SIDEWALL !!! LIKE SWEATING TIRES !!!!! it eventually stopped SWEATING
it is allow to convert a non tubelss ready to tubless?
2000 like I
Can Isypropol be used as an alternative to cleaning? (99%)
Can you do the same thing to a scooter?
The lowest part of the inner side of my rim is deep. The rim tape doesn't stretch enough to actually mate with the lowest part. Is that a big deal?? It is holding sealent and pressure, but will the tape stretch and rupture?
Is there a specific reason to do the tape overlap around the stem?  It seams that you could get a better balance by overlapping the tape on the opposite side of the stem.
Can i convert my not tubeless wheelset into a tubeless one? I mean i have a tubeless ready tires but the rims are not but it is double wall rims and a wide one? Is it possible?
That blue inner tube strip, isn't that already a tape in place for ready rims? I have that, should I remove it?
Can a clincher tire be run safely on a tubeless ready (TLR) or TCS rim? Can a clincher tire be run on a UST tubeless rim?
An O-ring! That was the missing piece of the puzzle!
Awesome guy, I still read Big Blue Book of Bicycle Repair, even though I haven't rode one for a long time, just started riding again this year, biking can get addicting and fun, if you want to learn what a bicycle is, learn and maintain it yourself, you start picking up essential tools, it's amazing Mr. Jones even explains the part in particular and numbers, he's pretty thorough very impressive..
When did you add the fluid? How and how much fluid?
a great job sir
Hi, I got an Soft tyre hutchinson cobra (ready for tubeless as well the rim), and I have the problem that compressed air is not enough to fill the tyre  so the air escape because the soft of the tyre, any tricks to solve this?
Going tubeless is dumb and complicated. The tube way is simpler and more reliable.
hello  i want to assemble a bicycle wheel i bought hub 32 holes i bought rims 26 / 32holes  but I do not know how long it should be spokes :((
Hi, can i use 32mm tubeless rim tape on a 35mm internal width rim?
how do you know when your wheels is tubeless ready without the sticker
So just to be sure, a tubeless system would work with a non-TR rim and tire? Or would you need one of them TR?
You did not finish the video
Or you could just get something called "Bell Solid NoMorFlat Inner Tube"
its a fuckin expensive masive huge pain in the a$$ proce$$  :))))u still have to fix it if it gets flat :)))))   just get #stopaflat inner tube and done :)))
I don't see the advantage. Why wait days for a tire to fully cure for ready use when I could just replace a brand new tube if needed  in less than 5 min.
i used orange seal and the conversion was easy
Glass Reinforced Strapping tape also Good
What if you do these steps but then still use a tube?
Can this be done with Mountain bikes? Also does the width of the tape match the width on the tire like 2.25"?
M
Great video. Very helpful. I failed once with joe's no flat tubeless kit. The yellow rim tape didn't stick at all to rim the. After watching this video I went to the shop and bought some gorilla tape and then job done. The rim was properly sealed. Thanks
my tires doesnt have the "TCS" sign but in their website it says tubeless ready. so it is or not? lol
Can i convert a tubeless to inner tube ?
Acha
About appropriate tubeless rim tape for a rim: inner width 27 mm, should the tape be 27 or 28 or ... ? We don't want to buy just all of the tapes, so any suggestions?..
Other than a weight consideration, what are or is the benefit of going tubleess?
Has anyone tried this using small patches over the spokes instead of the strip method?
Great information. Once again, Park Tool has the most compressive and informative video on a given topic.
looks like duct tape?
Thanks Seth. This was new to me. And  I dont understand why someone would dislike your videos. Especially this one.
oh cool, yeah let me go buy a bunch of crap, then spend 2 hrs changing my tires , and then another FEW DAYS just to make sure its ready to ride. how in the hell did tubeless catch on??
do we have to use sealing tape or can we use duck tape? and do mtb's come with a tubeless valve?
my tubeless wheels were not tubeless ready or probably not meant to be tubeless at all but i got it to seal with 3 wraps of inch wide gorilla tape, sealant, and the tube strip i put back on after the tape
hello there..  do you know how sky biking or skycycle tires work?
Very good Video! Thank you
I have TLR ready clinchers already but what would one gain by doing this.  In fact you really only have things to lose in doing this, there are so many negatives that why would someone with any common sense and foresight ever consider this.  So let's consider this, it's a real bugger to get your rim setup and sealed and as he states could take days to get it working.  Tires are more expensive and more difficult to carry.  You have to use a messy sealant every time you need to repair a puncher or blown tire.  You need a special pump with a reserve tank to repair or fill a TLR and like a car tire you need to make sure the tire is pressed to the rim when initially filling it, another big plus when you get a flat away from home.  There are no advantages to this new marketing scheme a inner tube is much easier to carry than a new tire.  A inner tube is easier to fill then a TLR.  A inner tube isn't messy like a TLR that has to have sealant to work.  A inner tube doesn't weigh as much as a replacement tire and liquid sealant.  A inner tube fills with a normal pump and isn't going to have sealing issues when you need to replace it in the field.  I'm sure I'm missing more of the negatives of TLR's but I think you can start to get the drift from what I've detailed.
Love the Video, What a Great Resource for Home Mechanics!!!
Are those Park Tool scissors?!  How many millions of dollars are those?  lol jokes.  Great video.  Thanks for the refresher!  :)
Hi Calvin. A very useful demonstration as usual. You always make clear and concise videos. Greetings from England
Can you use a tubeless tire on a regular tubed rim?
pramanand yadov
I had a puncture from a bad colonoscopy in Juarez back in '63. I drank tire sealant and it has held up well since!
I had success using a bulb syringe instead of clear plastic tube to fill tires with valve stems removed. Just pour sealant into cup and draw it out, about an ounce at a time. make sure tip will fit in stem
Great video... I saw there Giant´s P-XC2 rim (which I have). I would like to ask what tape and valves you used for this rim... ??? According to my discussion with Stans No Tubes company I need to use their custom rim strip RS0048. Do you know this rim strip? Please advice. Thank you
Thanks for sharing
thanks for your technic!!!!
u look like that british actor from that old show " on the busses "
spanish sub please
Thanks!
