I have 1/2" a drill that might do the trick
Anyone know how much area a bag covers at 1/2 inch?
@Magaman...you are rude!
I have a basement room that needed to be partially excavated to replace a rotted drain pipe. Since it went across the whole room I had to pull up tiling and carpeting. Now I just want a durable uniform surface to level out and homogenize various concrete patches , surface roughness and even some stubborn mastic.   Is Levelquick the product for me? Initially we will just paint or epoxy the floor to have a waterproof smooth and easy to clean surface. Can we paint or epoxy on top of levelquick?  Thank you, this unexpected plumbing issue hadn’t been budgeted for, so immediately laying down marmoleum etc may be financially tricky for us . We just want a smooth durable surface that we can keep clean . We don’t need levelquick to be the top coat, but we may want to leave floor paint or epoxy as a top coat on top of it for a while
What us that peel and stick "damn" that was used
This product was trash compared to the Sika brand (and Sika was cheaper), I regret switching to this product.
I think covering a terrazzo floor should be a criminal offence.
I had to use a lot mor water than what the bag range recommends. The mix should almost be like water so that it can migrate to the low point areas. Otherwise is won’t move. Also be sure to use a gauge rake as well
How much working time do I have once it's mixed. I have about 200 sq ft and am working by myself. I plan on having everything measured out and prepped, but still want to know how much time I have. If I mix a little more water, will that give me work working time?
check this video to get more information about Self Floor Levelling https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tABLqzO8O1U
This stuff is really bad unless you add twice the amount of water they recommend you’ll  be wasting your money in more bags m
I just used this product to pour over Durock (cement board).  Why we did it this way is another story I won't get into here (laying self-leveling OVER Durock instead of under it).  First, do yourself a favor and get 7-gallon or larger buckets.  Don't do it with the standard 5-gallon bucket from Lowes or Home Depot.    Second, the water recommendation is a guideline.  We wanted to do two 1/8" pours, 4 hours apart, instead of going all in and trying to get to 1/4" in one pour.  The reason is this was our first time doing this, and if we screwed it up, we wanted the second pour to help fix any screwups.   Using the product guidelines this was tough to do, I would have gone with 6 or even more quarts per bag instead of 5 1/4 - 5 3/4 quarts as the manufacturer recommends.  This stuff starts to set up fast, so you really don't have a lot of time to work it.  We ended up with ONE pour of almost 1/4" following the manufacturer's recommendations.  It's still drying, but I think it turned out good.    As with most things, there is a lot of variability on how to do them, as a newbie I wish it were as simple as following the directions exactly, but a lot depends on the area you're doing, temperature, humidity, etc.   By the last bucket, I was just judging it by its consistency, I wasn't even bothering to measure out the water.  1) use BIG buckets, not the standard 5-gallon bucket.   2) if your going for thin layers (1/8") use a thinner mix.  If your going for a thicker pour, use a thicker mix.  Think of it as pancake batter.  If using thick pancake batter you get thicker smaller pancakes.  If you use thinner batter you get larger thinner pancakes.   3) If this is your first time, go thin.  Even if it means you have to let it set up and reprime.  The thinner the mix the more self-leveling the cement will do on its own without having to be manually manipulated as much. 4) Get the spiked shoes.  Not being able to walk over what you poured is a pain if you're new to this.  You will have to work it a little no matter what.
I don't need the whole bag. I'm doing a small area.  What is the water ti Level Qwik ratio?
The adhesive says to use different concentrations depending on whether your concrete is porous or smooth.    How do I tell the difference?
Is it mandatory to use the metal mesh on wood subfloor? I saw a DIY YTberbuaijg this product on wood subfloor without the mesh and other people.
Filling perimeter movement joints seems wasteful. Why not just cover with the baseboards?
nice if there was a link to the technical data sheet
Can apply the thin set mortar then the tiles directly on the leveler? Or do I still need to but on backer boards?
Why the hell does this product require a metal or plastic lath?  Because its a weaker more fragile product than every other self leveler??  Because no other self leveler even mentions use of a screen or lath being used..  never heard of using a screen for a floor leveler thats usually poured at a max of 1/2" thick..  for stucco ive heard of it to get it to stick and hold against the walls.. otherwise it would crack apart easier and break.  So that has to be the reasoning behind adding the installation of the screen to the peocedures on this product..  but really, why would you need that screen for a floor leveler?  That would mean you have to pour a minimum of more than the thickness of the screen and could not feather at all which if going that far as to have to completely cover the floor why not go with morter which is cheaper, acrilyc fortifier or bonding agent is cheaper, the stuff is way more durable and easier to work with because it doesn't require special product to be used with it..
For concrete floors do you need to recut the sawed control joints after using the product?
Why weather stripping, wont the 2 x 4 hold the flow?
Can we use cement instead of it ?
F off with the low budget rock music, it's annoying af
What is the workable amount of time before it starts to set up? Can’t find that answer anywhere
Does selfleveling works for exteriors installation?
This product stinks!  Stop saying that it self levels.  It absolutely doesn’t self level!  You have to treat it just like any other concrete product.  You have to work it into place with squeegees and make sure it’s not just conforming to the original floor.  I used this product, followed all the directions and poured it on an uneven floor.  It did nothing to level it.  It simply attached itself to the same uneven angles and raised the floor a quarter inch.  Actually made the floor more uneven.  Now I have to chisel all of it out and start over.  Next time I’ll use a different product!  Highly disappointed, dissatisfied, and feel deceived!
@2:25 I understand not wanting to add air into your mix but you have to move the paddle up and down if your paddle is not as large as the one shown in the video. Otherwise you won't get a mix.
Can i apply this over your redgard?  I am covering hardiebacker that has a layer of redgard on it.  If so, which primer do i need to use?  Thanks!
I have  plywood sub floor where the max depth is 0.5" and min is 0.0. Not sure if I can add a mesh in there.  What do you recommend?
DO Not USE THIS. If you screw up and it's uneven and cost more money to fix it.
We recommend containing the leveling underlayment, sealing the toilet flange, blocking heat vents, and creating perimeter expansion with Edgeban  www.edgeban.com
Whats the water/primer ratio for concrete?
Great product promotional video. ZERO instructional value.
what is the tool shooting nail into the wooden floor in this video???
Can the product be used under fiberglass shower base on concrete?  need strength confirmation for this application. Thx.
I'm getting ready to use LevelQuik to level over existing asbestos vinyl tile from the 1940s. The data sheet DOES say that "prepared VCT" is a suitable substrate, but I'd just like to confirm. About 95% of the tiles are intact and solidly adhered to the floor. A handful of them are cracked or have been removed over the years. If I remove any damaged tiles (safely and legally), thoroughly clean and prime the floor, will I be OK? A few contractors have recommended this over removing the tiles and disturbing the asbestos.
What kind of caulking is used at the joints (1:42 of the video)???  I'd hate to use the wrong stuff and screw this up...  Can you also use the same caulking around the edge of the floor and wall instead of what the guy is using at 1:39 in the video???
What happens if more than 1.5" is necessary?  Can you recommend a product for 2.5" fall?
not expecting an answer but do you have to use the mesh when you are on osb?
