Please excuse the low sound quality on this video. We are hoping to make an updated video with better equipment soon!
Im sure this is a great video, but the sound is terrible!
Great video!
Brilliant video and clear explanation. I will try and have a go :)
The method for quartering the neckline is so smart!! Definitely saving this tutorial for the future :)
I cannot find the elastic cutting 😢guide for the digital Butterick pattern anywhere!!!!
This was a really good tutorial.
This is really helpful, thank you 😊
Where will I put the back lining if I’m gonna add one ? Also can I do that on a bandeau top with that technique of yours because I find very easy to do it. Thank you 🙏
Hi I see you have only one lining can I do two lining but same technique? Thank you
Awesomeness
Hi. Does the Polyester thread withstand Chlorine?
Love it❤️❤️
Why didn’t you make the whole suit seamless?  You could have made the elastic to the inside too.
Wonderful thank u! I am making a bathing suit soon, except mine is going to have a skirt attached but at least I’ll have a good idea of how to construct the body of it
Thanks for showing how to line the costume in such a straightforward way - I'll definately try this but if I could please ask one question about the stitching near the crotch? Around 4:55 min on your video you show the lining stitched at shoulders, side seams and crotch before you've turned the suit right sides out.  The side and shoulder seams are lying flat as sewn, but the crotch looks as if you've turned it before sewing.  Is this the case or is it just how it appears from the viewing angle.  Are all the seams sewn the same way when lining, or does the crotch get sewn differently?
Why is the sound so low? You can bareley hear you.
Супер,спасибо,все просто и понятно,вам браво!!!!!!!
Can you send a link to download the swimsuit pattern?
Thank you so much for this tutorial! I have sewn for 30+ years, but never a swimsuit. I feel like I can try it now.
Instead of sewing can we use the no sew glue that u have to iron?
You are very good with instructions I been watching so many videos and yours is the only one I understood and learned so much
Thanks for the video it really helps a lot with beginning I'm only in my teens and im an good fashoin designer
some smart tips here!
Very informative video. The steps are easy to follow. I just wish you shown  the stitch depiction on the machine especially when attaching the elastic.
Thank you so much for this video! I thought I'm gonna have to buy a serger but thank God I found this!
Thank you for explaining how to make a swimsuit so simple. You really have a talent for teaching as well as sewing.
شكرا جزيلا لك عمل رائع وفقكم الله.
Great video! But I'm a little confused on how the hidden seam with the lining works. Can someone explain this to me please?
Thanks for the video! I finally feel confident to make my own swim suit.
You are absolutely a great instructor. I feel confident I can make this now 🤗 Thank You!
DON'T use a zig zag stitch on side, crotch, or shoulder seams! Use a straight stitch. The fabric will still stretch but the stitches won't.
lol now all yall out there that are bigginers please wear your swim suit before going out side because the thread might pop a loose in the wrong places.
thanks for the vidéo !
You made it seem so easy, that I have to try it now!! Great video!!
Wow this is so easy I bought a pattern I got so confused but you made to where I understand and easy to make a leotard
Do you have any tutorials on how to do a v neck swimsuit??
AUDIO
Thanks for this! I've been struggling with Butterick 4526 and it's an absolute nightmare! You have really simplified the process tremendously!😀
I do design and sew my ouw swimsuits,  I love the lining technique, thank you.
Great technique for a finished lining!
Great video, but poor sound quality!
¡Muy lindo!
I am so excited to try this
What about bikinis
cool but he need ta talk louder
Great video!  Thank you!
Thank you for this great video! I'm planning on sewing swimsuits for my 3 daughters (I'm altering a swimsuit pattern to make an outer layer that will be a knee-length jumper dress for modesty.) It was really helpful watching this. I've sewn swimsuits before, but I feel much more confident after watching your methods. Thanks!
awesome video!! how to add padding to it?
how would I add padding ?
awesome. thanks for the video.
what machine is used in this video?
This is perfect
Ryan
this is so cool! can't wait to sew swimsuits! you're amazing!! <3
do we have to use the elastic?
is there a way to do this without the machine ?
awesome tutorial!
Thank you so much for sharing this technique! I love the clean, finished look of the seams. Absolutely perfect. Thank you!
I love it, can't wait to make it.
is a certain needle needed?
hi i was wondering if you could do view c and f from this pattern
how do you add skirted swimsuit :3 i like those
Very informative.  TOO BAD HE WASN'T CLOSER TO THE MICROPHONE.  VERY HARD TO HEAR!
I turnes my one piece into just a bikini but I don't know how I would sew the hip area. Would I stretch the fabric while it sews or leave it how it is without the need to stretch it??
Good video, thx for sharing
Thank you so much everything is clear and I can't wait to make now that I'm not as intimidated!
Thank you so much! Can't wait to try this.
Thanks for sharing
Too bad about the volume (quiet audio), cuz this video is awesome! He explains it so clearly, thank you for sharing.
Thanks for the tip. A question for you, would this same technique applies if I were to use a front and a back lining? Thanks in advance.
beautiful. great tips!
