Be sure to LIKE, COMMENT, SUBSCRIBE, and torn on the notification bell for more LEGO!
7:04 what was that statement about man 🙏😭😭
Love Scool ❤
Who is here in 2024?
Remember watching this as a kid... Now I'm 20 man crazy how time flies
I remember watching this video when I was 10 years old, I’m now graduated from high school and this video is still great. Thank you for making such a great video that I loved watching as a child 🤝
8:24
8:50
Does this school exist in real life ?
4:37 Elizabeth clock
Building instructions? I would love to build this
gotta love going back to jays old vids
do you still have this displayed or something?
Really cool school, those feel like such school bathrooms, all you need is graffiti mirrors
Say Jay would it be possible to build a structure that is 32 studs by 32 studs or 10 inches by 10 inches  using three twin plate sub structures that when put together give six rooms or spaces. 2  8x16 plates put together to get a 8 x 32 2 16 x16 plates to build a 16 x 32 and yet another two 8 x 16  to make another 8 x 32  aligned to be 8 x 32 16 x 32 and the other 8 x 32  equaling a 32 by 32 floor space  , that when connected you get 6 spaces in the 32 x 32 build
Jaystepher how long did you build this LEGO Elementary School 🏫? You did a good 👍 😊 😌 job building it Jaystepher.
Los ve the Scholl but, se amo unos it is LEGO it isn"t 100 perfecto a
How come this hasn't been made an official set? It is so cool!
i very much liked this video when i was a child
THIS IS SUCH A NOSTALGIC TRIP!!
5:40 Did anyone see the apple fell off the teacher's desk?
Really nice, have been thnking about building one my self but i dont want to seem like im just copying Jaystepher ( have allready buildt the Amityville  house ) .
This was my comfort video when it first came out and for some reason the sound of the LEGO’s was so vivid in my mind, so I had to come back. So glad you’re still making content!
Can I have the instructions for this build?
Another incredible custom build!
and could you put on lego ideas this would make a great lego set
can you make atutorial on this amazing and classic american school house
This should really be a LEGO Creator Expert set! This is beyond awesome.        If it was a set, the price would be around $264.99 USD
Can you do a lego review of lego creator 31108?
You are great
When I was younger I thought you had to go through the office to get to the playground lol
That Lego School was awesome and I even like the classrooms and the cafeteria you’re an awesome LEGO builder
Can u do a toutorial on the chairs
This should honestly be a creator set to buy. I'm willing to bet you put 12,000 pieces or more into this project.
The tile work looks like the tiles in the Cheesecake Factory
11:07  He predicted empty schools in 2020 way back in 2012
Who’s watching in 2020
The nostalgia of watching this back in 2015
would have been nice if you used "School bus yellow" for the ...well, school bus
Should put a basketball court in the backyard
How did you buy all these lego€€
You forgot SmartBoard
I love lego
Is that a metronome or a clock?
The school looks like it's from the 90s bc of the tiles
Do you have any instructions or the bricks that you used to build this school? It’s really nice and well done!
Why do people dislike these videos
He actually made a triple stuff school❓
He says "I took the time" and the clock chimes on "time".  That was timed.  Pun intended.
That is amazing! I wonder how you did it! 👏
nice skool
I might do a build a school like yours everything from the bell on top to the same exact windows I’m a sexy chick who loves LEGO😜
WOW JAYSTEPHER THIS IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!  YOU DO SUCH GOOD BUILDS!!  DO MORE LIKE THIS INSTEAD OF ALWAYS HOUSES!!  THERE AMAZING! CONGRATULATIONS!!
Oh can you make custom build lockers please???? I understand if you don’t I was just asking😊😊😊😊
Looks like a high school to me...
Eh homie here da playground dawg   Edit: He hearted me :D
4:38 that’s your clock chiming
Jay how do you make the the tiles stick to pieces?
Basically looked like your average private school.
I’m rewatching some Of your old stuff here Jay still awesome man
Please can you make this a set
What set do you get the big tiles?
The interior is always the best part
THAT LOOKS SOO NICE AND REAL I LIKEIT A LOT
Like if you heard the clock
2018???
What the heck is a urinal
*All the other kids with the pumped up kicks better run better run outrun my gun*
Nice lego school and I like you lego custom builds Jay .
This is really good. I built a cool school (rhymes!) too. And btw I TOOK THE TIME TO write this comment😂. Good job
i hate the feel of the school but i like the look of it
You see, I like this creation a lot. It's one solid school block with classrooms, bathrooms, canteens, the lot, and if you were to try and make a British private/grammar school, there are about 100 different sections. Take a look at Eton or Westminster school- you'll see what I'm talking about.
Elementary kids don't usually get lockers anyways. So that's pretty good.
1:20 you could have put a 1x1 round plate or stud
You need to make this a set.
I love this! You are a LEGO expert. Great job
Good job !!
Jaystefer day bomb
Anyway where can i guy a working tv 📺 in the lego 📺 please answer me
Thanks too jeystepher i will buy some like yours anyway can i be one to your group comments scroll please would you agree
Thanks jeystepher
Wow i like it i will tell my dad to buy some i like the computer 💻 the cafeteria the 🚌 bus the playground and the second story too and the classroom and the blackboard and the third story and the public bathrooms girls and boys bathrooms the mirrors in the bathrooms.
can you please do a vid were you play with the school house. I want to see the lego figs go to school.
You try your best it is awesome 😄🙂👍🏻🥇💰
Like your bills but they're not that good
Wow 😮 how do you do that
this is so cool
How do you get all those legos
Great build
best school I have ever seen. wonderful work!
I have a tip! Lego duplo fits with base plates and regular legos. This means we can make bigger builds with less legos!!!
Finally someone actually makes a school for lego thank goodness
Dude that school bus is sick
Great school ! Awesome build :)
it 's so cool and beautiful you are a genius come on my channel
japsrr Im better than you I made Lego school with 5 floors
buy me one
8:55 "'Cause they don't need one." Uhhh
6:49 Dude, you made an elementary school Elementary schools don't have lockers
you should put all your builds together into one big giant LEGO city
why don't you show you're face
The school looks like one of those old school buildings.
who is that man
just wanted to see the other school I have any of the Lego I hate it
very nice!
i can help you put those pieces of dark gray cause i got a lot of them
I'm gifted
Dude did you buy that or did you make thatsome people don't answer me when I am send the message but please answer me
I NEED to know how to make this and what I need to make it
Jaystepher please give an instruction video on how o make this school, and what and where to get the pieces.  Thank you
Don't be sad about the bus
make video how to make school
I wish I had that many pieces. All I have is mixed up sets.
WOW PPS OMG THATS AMZING
I wish my school looked like that 😅😅😂😂😂😂😂
The playground looks like a Park
Why don't you work for Lego?
i wish i could build that
The strange ticking noise
jaystepher make an entire city
how can you think of this amazing Lego stuff
You need to do a 1 million subscribers Lego moc give a way
Nice
Llllooooool
I wish I had a lego school
Can you make high school ?
JAYSTEPHER YOUR BUILDS ARE SO NICE !!!!!!!
Jaystepher it scares me that you know what a girls bathroom looks like.
I LOVE YOUR SCHOOL! ❤️❤️❤️
Looks great Jay! Would've loved to go to school their if it were real. :)
You should add a gym I can not believe you forgot!! Great though!
How can I buy it? Pleeeeasee
4000 pieces again I say 4000 pieces HOLY COW THATS AMAZING 😦😳
that is built cool
Very cool and awesome it's like a real school very creative and pieces used were 4000!!!!!!!
You did a fantastic job on the school! You are talented!
Hey Jay, you should make a lego city or some stop motion videos because you are amazing! You you don't have to do it if you don't want to, just some suggestions. I'm really inspired by you.
So cool
is it for sale  -grin- :^)
you should make a city out of your houses and other things
where did you get so many same colour blocks ?
I like it
so awesome
how many pieces ?
how long did you build ?
This school was amazing. Do you keep you houses jay? If you do could you please show all of us your collection of houses and thingsxxx Rachael xxx
wow. this is amazing! I'm a teacher, and you have my approval! job well done! check out my channel and leave some feedback if you don't care.
Hello I'm leona I just want to say I like your video's about your lego houses and stuff.  They're really good I like Watching them.
around how much time and how many pieces are used to create that awesome school
tu me le donne ?? 😀😀😀😀
Very impressed
You should work for lego
wow
And about the lego mocs, I was talking about Jaystepher.
I Herd a grandfather clock go off at 4:38. You need to turn up your voulume but not too high.
At 4:35 does he mean the library
Could you put the roof on the first floor too, to make it a one story school?
Are you an architect?
Супер! Только я бы прикрепил парты и стулья в классных комнатах к полу.
your really good at building thing
Love it!
The clock works
some of the pieces are from his videos
u should sell yur stuff online because the,really awesome
I recommend you put a stud on the doors of the school bus to act as a doorknob. That way, it will be easier for you to open the doors. Anyways, I would like to congratulate you for building this amazing elementary school. It had an incredible design! It must have taken lots of hard work to build it.
This older video auto played while I'm here on YouTube and I couldn't believe it when I heard you utter the words "I ran out of tiles" lol! Now I know why you are always stockpiling tiles - so you don't run out of them again. :)
I really like the school bus!
In 1:24 I thought he didn't make a play ground
you are a show off
Your awesome and really talented
U should use hand dryer
you are the best lego creator you should make lego modulars
You are awesome
the school was asome
he did great
you are so creative jay good job
i mien good
I like the schools you did is gool
You just earned yourself a subscriber
There's no way that's an accurate elementary school.  The bathrooms are WAY TOO CLEAN!   lol Awesome job!
com on baby,baby,baby cam on
can you buy it cause i want it soo much!!! :):):):):):) no seriously i really want it
2:17 OCD
Love your creations
you always take time jaystepher
How long did it take
***** really nice school. Good job
Lol an entire story for the bathrooms
Nice job
Can you biuld a mobile home
your work is great.can you try to build a waterpark.
2 class rooms 8 grades!
I would go to that school
Love yo school dude!
cool, but you used more space to do other things beyond the classroom. you can get more space by placing more classrooms and less of other things. sorry if You have an error in the words that I speak in Portuguese then may have mistake in words.
Should have removed a roll from one of the boys stalls for the realism...
Lol Albert Einstein
#NOTHINGFANCY4LIFE
you are so nice to build lego!
how much do you want for the house?
Mmmmm
Awsome Video... I Give You 100 Likes
It looks really great!
Love all the details amazing build jay
Your realy  good at building lego's
beautiful and really realistic
I really enjoy your sets.  But I can't find anything online about how to make a wall with a plank look.  I'm trying to build the little country church I play for and the outside is planks but it appears that each plank is slanted in a little like roofs are done.  I can't figure out how to make that effect for a vertical wall.  Can you advise?
COOL I WANT TO MAKE THAT
I.          Love.           You
I really like the school good job
I cant believe u take the time and effort to build these and then u have more time to show it to us! U are fantastic! I love your videos!
How did you build this
I really enjoy your style of videos. Btw best school ever
put lockers
jay fantastic work!
Your 2 cool 4 school
Lego should hire you to design their sets! You should build an auto factory next, with unfinished cars on tracks going through each station of construction. (if you know what I mean)
I pretty sure people noticed it already, but at 1:18, instead of saying pop in the CC, it said pup, guessing it was a slight typo. But great video though, awesome school!
Fancy ,I Absolutely love it!!!! 😀 😃 😇 😆 😄 😅 😂
I love all your buildings
Do you ever take apart custom builds for parts......Btw nice school and bus
Cool Video!! I love your School, I wish i had one!!
You uploaded this video on my bday but anyway great job👍
Cool
Lego you find them  in America? Because in France there is  almost             Notting
But it is you who invented or not??
Put This On Lego Ideas :D
Do u have a Lego city
Is that tic toc noise your clock?
to make the school bus door open easily just add a stud on the door knob :)
This lego build is awesome i wish i had that in my lego city.
That is Awesome!
Your lego school is cool 👍
verry nice done
Nice i like it it would do cool if you could make a hospital
I like the Cozy Bungalow video it is awesome!
cool lego house man
Love it
I wish i had lots of LEGO but i only have 7 boxes.
About the question.
The Elementary School Can Be A Hotel Or Motel.
Please,I want to know how many days it took you to builld the school?
this is such a cool school!!!
Wow very big!!! So nice and lovely. That must took for a long time!!!
It is a very good building, very good design too. It's ashame for its size it don't have more rooms inside, but that's Lego - you are limited. But with the space you had, I feel you have used it very well. It has all the main things needed in a school, such as class rooms, a canteen, principals office, toilets, etc. It's ashame there couldn't of been more classrooms, but I feel another floor may of not looked too good on this building. Very good build, must of took you a lot of time and bricks.
dang a whole 12 students, haha. great build
This is my favourite out of all your custom builds🏡
where did you get the bell?
Once you get a few hundred more pieces, you could make a Middle School or High School!
Wow!
Hi Jeystepher im a fan of ur videos and I like the elementary school video it is awesome
Wish I had the pieces, but I don't :'(
You should make a Lego city.
Did anyone else notice that when he said "time" the clock bell sounded 0-0
love the bus
in schools they dont have merry go rounds swings and see saws
Does anyone else think he sounds like snot from American dad
Hi Jaystepher! My name is Dennis and I'm a great fan of your instruction/custom creation videos.  A while back, I commented on this video as well. Perhaps you remember? I told you I was working on an LDD project: the project was to make an improved version of LEGO Island. In my previous comment, I asked if you were going to make instructions for this school, as I'd very much like to include it in my LEGO Island project. So my question this time is (obviously): Have you finished those instructions yet? You see, I read in a comment from you from 6 months ago that you keep your creations for about 2 weeks and then take them apart so you can make instructions for them. Seeing as this video is from 2012... I presume you worked differently back then?  Anyhow, please let me know, if you would! Just replying to this comment would be fine, I guess! And umm... I look forward to seeing more of your videos! :)
how many creations did you make
Yes well done
You Should put to horizontal flushmounted eyelit pieces on the outside of the bathrooms and attach a 2x2 white plate with a white paper sticker on it with a blue boy and girl sign drawn on it.
Love it. I've heard you say before you're not a huge fan of minifigs, but I think it could add something to see minifigs in your mocs. This one even moreso than the houses.  And a question...with all these houses and buildings, have you put together a LEGO city? Or do you actually take them apart after you shoot the video, so you have pieces for the next build?
Matthew George   Yeah how do you build it and is it gonna come out as a lego city build I a box and I realy love the cafeteria and probaly you can get some space for the desks to connect to  the floor and could you add some lockers in the hallway outside the classrooms and has lots of detail .
Matthew George   Yeah uhm how do you build it and I realy like and has lots of detail
I need one! Is it for sale????
What's that ticking noise in the background
Where come you from?
EVERYONE SUPPORT  CUUSSO SO WE CAN MAKE THIS A SET!!!
To make the school bus door easier to open you should put a flat stud on it  Just a tip :)
How many days it took you to build the school????
I like how right when you said "I took the time" at 4:37, a clock bell rang.
as you have so many pieces
What was that noise in the background
Can you subscribe Aleksander.oftedal.
Very very very very very nice Lego school you have build.
its sooo cool and cuute I loove it ^~^ :}
how do you get the chain for the swings?
i think u should make a lego public park.
Cool Elementary school 👍👍
OMG only 472 (including me) supporters!!!?? Come on people this thing is awesome!
DERP
How about you made them into a set send a picture of the school you build and send to lego or some other sites you can put on. just send them to the lego sites :)
Love your creations.  I am using your kitchen idea in my latest MOC.  You say you take them apart to make instructions.  Where are the instructions. Just Curious.
Well done
it is gigantic !! superb. i would like to see a build of an  big old fancy hotell ,  stationed in new york or somewhere else .  you get my drift.
A elementary school. I have a school like tjhat but it's bigger there's 10000000000000 kids in my school, but the name of our School is... Zomorano
Whoa
u shuold keep ure sets together and make a city ps check out my cannel lms2001  4 minecraft lets plays and lego stop motions
awesome details -- very cool. Did you have that broken metronome noise in the background while you built it or just for the video? :D
Im gonna come to ur house and steal that from u! o-O
were do they eat?
AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!:):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL! Too bad I don't have most of those pieces though. If you don't have one, you should build a rocket ship or an amusement park.
Awesome
Luv the drinking fountains!
If you get a tripod your videos will be even more awesome than it is now
Why do they do not have one on 8:53
Could you do a custom ghostbusters firehouse and car?
this is a great building
,I,would buy this!!!!!,
in the playground you should do chairs
I love it
cool
You are truly gifted
You should do lego stop motion videos with your lego
Amazing why not try a life size lego person?
nice! Where do you get lots of pieces from?
your builds are AWSOME
Cool
I LOVE IT some times i watch it over again multiple times  and honestly i think the principle office is kind of small
You should be a Lego sets designer for a Lego came company
EXELENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where did you get the 8x16 tiles?
I love it, love it,Love it, love it,love it  How much would u sell it for?
I love it, love it,Love it, love it,love it  How much would u sell it for?
Do you keep your builds after you've finished making a video with them?!
Have you ever considered doing stop-motion movies
This elementary school Of lego is high
I like this lego elementary school jaystepher
I wish it was a lego set!
Principles office with fancy windows for children at recess to spy on the principles computer. lol
I think u should try to make a Lego mall
nice school
I liked the flag and the playground
nice
Haven't LEGO offered you a job yet?
Incase anyone was wondering the tapping noise was the bell. By the way how did you make that bell?
i've built lego schools before. have you been to my channel? click on my picture and it will take you to my channel.
Very old fashioned
Where do you get all of your pieces from?
I love this. It should be a modular set!
were did you get the faucet pieces?
anyone know lego series this super please! I pass it
can I try to do it andbest school ever
it would be better if you make the school long and wider
u should make a summer house
Could you make a custom build of your own house? That would be awesome!
Awesome lego school
Where are the fence so the kid won't get out of school?
Where do you get so much lego?
everyone likes his builds every build
do you destroy your creations and make new ones or do you have A LOT of legos?
My little bro says he likes your elementary school.
terrific!
Brill
THIS IS AN AWESOME BUILD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are a GREAT MOC BUILDER!!!!!! Hope that this would win in Lego Cuusoo. VERY NICE!!!!!!!!!!!!
you should try to make it 1900's school house
Nice job
nice
JAYSTEPHER, what is your favorite creation?
you should make a apartment building
you should make a high school with a football feld
what was that sound at 4:40?? it was like, BOINNGGGGG
the themes party and I want people to make nightclubs for the first round
cool, what's it about?
jaystepher i was gonna tell you about ive made my own lego competion and i was hoping you could be a judge in it
"BAM" "BAM" "sooo.. lets take a look here."
Starting at 5:45 he smacks the camera twice XD
Can you do a hotel or an inn please
I WILL SELL YOU AN I PHONE AND AN I PAD AND AN I POD FOR IT
Hey maybe u could add two chairs in the principal's office for bad students? Just a suggestion
i'm building a simple 4-sided lego home
i did made this on my own. as of now, this is the only school i've made
Cool!
Ur videos are great jaystepher!
This was the first jaystepher video I ever watched good times
This looks really good. It would be awesome if it actually became a real set! I supported it, and I wish you the best of luck!!!
i like the playground that you putt in the back of the school.you should build a lego maincen.
what is a tapping noise
Up to H wing and an art gallery and a hall for assembly and help for disabled people!
Yeah, that's an American one... Try out a British one! That'd be way bigger! My ones got Up yo
Great school, loved the playground
올ㅋ
Give me the lago school and it will be cool if you put a parking lot
Cool
Again as I say another beast lego creation thank's to jaystepher
where is the nurse?
How much money do u want it for
Do you take apart your custom builds after a while?
i want to buy your creations
will you sell your creations
your luck when you said time your clock when off
PLEASE tell me you are selling this(lol)
Where did you get the cool windows?
I think you should have bike shed
sorry if i am spamming you with a lot of comments :/ but i want to say one thing...THIS. SCHOOL. IS. AMA. ZINGGGGG.!
on the flag you should have but a red tile piece on it
Wow
How many years .my years is 7
dear god this is incredible. Where'd you get all those generic bricks?
sssooo cool
I think this your best build.
Now you can park your updated 18 passenger bus out front! ;)
Oh
He seemed a little...different. Like he was tired.
Well thanks for responding jaystepher!! :)
Cool
What happened to the other bus that stored 18 mini-figs?
Do stop motion
Where do you get the big grey tiles
The background clock ticking really made me think i was in 6th grade, but that school, even in legos, is LOTS fancier than my elementary schools I been to. Nice Work! Maybe next time, you could make a school with science room, home ec., computer lab, and the nasty old spinster playground/lunchroom moniter!
awesome
This custom set is cool. If you were a set designer, you would of already made a grip of money.
Kewl
How many classes does this school have
Look at my video:lego shaw patch , y funny black and white hamster
you good
Wow
WOW
This is awesome!!!!! all your buildings and creations are beautiful!
Do a hotel
the grey coloured sidewalk relates to the modular buildings
Mine didn't though. I had cubbies from K-3rd grade
Key word: SOME
some elementry schools dont have lockers
Are you taking apart your models and using the same pieces to create others, because I see a lot of the same elements. It must be so annoying to find all the pieces O.o Just some helpful advice, I do some designs on LDD (lego digital designer) I don't know if you use it, but you may know that lego has removed the order your digital model option. There is a website and a downloadable program that lists all the pieces of a model on LDD and you can order the pieces for cheap on the site.
Good idea, I always put the stickers on and end up ripping them off because I need the tiles for removable roofs and stuff
Do you get the brick from pick a brick and sets, if from sets aswel as pick a prick is that why in the reviews you don't stick the stickers on the tiles?
Hello Jaystepher,  I love all of your Videos and Creations. I was wondering how you make  Floors. How they are removable and how to make them. Do you think you could make a Turtorial on that please. Thank you!
I wish that I go to that school
what is that noise
Can you please do a modern microwave video? PLEASE!!!!
can you put all your creations together to make a city?
can you make a lego kingdom?
lego School boss  COOL! :D
That's so cool especially the classic look
How long did it take you to build this?
When will u b dun?
When's next custom build :-) ?
I wish LEGO would take other amazing ideas such as yours so we don't have to buy parts seperatly ;(
Wow it really cool
its okay elementary schools dont have lockers
you should make a hotel or cruise ship
Nice elementary school
Awesome skl
If this was a set how much would it cost?
Can lego PLEASE hire you. I've been going through a couple of your mocs and they are the best I've ever seen, subbed.
great creation! =D I also think it'd be REALLY COOL if you built some sort of sports arena or sports stadium or something like that. Once again AMAZING creation! =)
Are you a lego designer?
SO COOL I LOVE IT!!!!
That means I LOVE YOUR VIDS
ZOMG
u should make stopmotions
YOU SHOULD MAKE A TOWN
Have you ever thought of putting LED Lights in the School instead of Lego Lights? please respond.. Thanks! -LH
batcave
I would like to have a lego house ?? And I do not know how to build it ?? I was wondering if you can build it ?? I will pay you !!
how do you upload creations to lego cuusoo!! someone please reply
Wicked man!!
It looks like a private school. But very cool
Wow!
New lego series: lego jaystepher! :D
so what exactly is the cuusoo?
he needs a gym
Where on EARTH do you get all those windows! I want to make a sort of Gothom City Moc. (essentialy just a city scene but with older buildings, so lots of brick-lay and gargoyles etc.) And I'm going to need dozens of those windows. Beatufil Moc, Jay. Really really great work.
i miss school  :/
do you still have the elementary school? and have you ever thought of making this a real lego set? it should be in the modular building series
This is cool enough to become an actual lego set
Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick....
make the titanic plz
you should put your new school bus with this!
YOU ARE THE MOST AWESOME LEGO BUILDER!!!
YOU ARE THE MOST AWESOME PEG BUILDER!!!
i like it
U r the lego master!!
He's nerves
this is the best set made by somebody I have seen house wise you should check out lego cuusoo
Do you have a sample in youtube?
Is this for sale?!?!
I cant evan notice how you can remove story by story
Have you ever done round windows like for a bell tower or clock?
this is awesome! If it becomes a real set i am getting it! You can put a stud on the door of the school bus...
wooow  so nice
Your the best Lego creator in the world
make more
r u making a town jaystepher
great creations. subscribed!
Wow how long did it take you to build that?
IKR?
Can u plz put a Lego person in a creation that u build next time? Please? Thx!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have a question ' is the bell made from lego? Cause it looks like the bell isn't lego.
Awesome
Once you've built something do you take it apart and build something else
are the huge gray pieces from the eiffel tower set?
Wow, that's the same for me! I really think LEGO Island ignited my love for LEGO. Funny how people who have never met share opinions like this, hehe. :)
I think that was my very first video game. Brings back memories... Heck, i didn't even understand english back then, but im pretty sure that game made me start loving LEGO.
Get ready for 5-6 yrs of college. . . plus 2-3 years interning while taking pretty hard exams for state licensure.
jaystepher i,ve always wanted to be as good as you and the reason why i,m as good as i am now you,ve inspired me to keep trying and getting better at legos
Continued from last post: I'm a fan of your custom LEGO creations (do you have an account on MOCpages? It's a site where you can show off your own LEGO designs!), so I respect the fact that, when you're designing stuff, it takes time. But a year is just too long for this particular thing. If you can rebuild your awesomely detailed school in LDD like I suggested, you should save A LOT of time, trust me -- from one LEGO fan to another, you know? :) Let me know what you think of my suggestion!
Cool, thanks! ......Wait, next YEAR? That's a loooooongtime... can't you just rebuild it in LDD and let the program make the instructions for you? That should take MUCH less than a whole YEAR. I know that the instructions from LDD are not the best, but it's at least better than nothing -- or better than waiting another YEAR, right? Just saying... I know you don't know me, but I really don't want to wait that long.
Dear Jaystepher, I am working on a complete recreation of LEGO Island from the original video game from 1997. I am making it bigger and better, and I wanted to use your school and playground! So I want to ask you: if you have the time, could you make the instructions for this? If you have Facebook, please invite me as a friend so we can talk about it. My name is Dennis Parlevliet and I use the same avatar pic as here on YouTube -- just a tip so you can easily find me on FB! Thanks man!
can you make minecraft skins
How do you do it????????????????????
You are really cool. Upgrade it. Add more rooms._.`
make me one
I mean sink taps in the boyz and girlz bathroom
Where do u get those sinks in the girls and boys bathroom please reply thx
at 4:35 you can hear the clock when he said he took he time.
gust one more week and school is over yyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
omg how many bricks did it take?
U ROCK!!!!!
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Cool :)
LOVE your school and i wish i had all the same pieces as you have :)
Amazing sir! As an architect, I can appreciate what you do here. Very creative and solid. Hats off to you!  This is how Legos are supposed to be enjoyed.
U should build a hotel or motel...
This looks like a 50s high school (minece the playground)
awesome!!!
Make a park or restraunt or a grocery store
Yeah,make a restraunt
make a resturant
You should make a large home with 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. I think it would be cool
You should work for lego and i subscribed :)
Jay you are a very impressive builder so I'm throwing the idea out that you should attempt to build the white house.
hey Jaystepher why dont you make a lego video on it,it would be cool :) cause i know you have so many lego charictors so if you feel like taking 5,000 pictures go head your suscribers would love it!! :D
where do you get lightbricks
That is so cool
Jesse  can i have the lego school 4736south ridge
hey jaystepher you always built some very ice houses. Can you built a skyscraper maybe ??? It would be awesome
wow u are so good man and where did u get the chain for the swing set?
Could you do a review on the Small Cottage Lego Creator Lego Set?
u should do a give away
i found mrgold
Hey jay' i made my first lego, Can you please check it out? :( after all you inspired me to create!?!?!?!?!? :D
can u build a house
Unbelievable!
Awesome! Really, I like your creations... :D
i would buy all of your builds so awesome
wow cool
Awesome probably took a lot of time
thats amazing!
Jaystepher really impressed you make the best creation keep it up
I can buy for forty dollars!
How can you have so much white tile
hey my brother builet the same one but yours is coooooooooooooooooooooooool just like mt brothers but i cant put it on youtube  my mom  wont let me if i ask her she will say NO.
I remember when you built the new school bus. Idk but when you said I could do better did you prove yourself with the new bus or is there a future moc? Any ways GREAT build
Can you do another lego collection?
You are a awesome creater
How get so many tile pieces
i love u work on lego
Thanks! I'll have to check that.
Why didn't you go over the playground???
and also the 3 bedroom and 2 bathroom is an amazing lego creation. :-D
i think you should take a pic and send it to Lego, and become a Lego designer because that's the the best Lego set i have ever seen. :-D
Should u also make a basketball court
Yea
You should add the new bus you just made!
Just kiding
I'd pay 5000 Dolores for that school and bus
where do you get your lego's
I think you should put this school on lego cuusoo
That's amazing
come on
give me the school
Cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WOW!
U should put lockers too just sugessting
Awesome! But where do you get all your roof pieces? And it looks like you have a lot of legos so how do you store all of them???
ok thanks
that is amazing i would love to be able to do that oh and how long did it take you to make it?:)
Lol I hate school but I love this!!!!!
I bet you hated school :P
COOL how you make that!
Only if i had that much legos i only got the cement mixer
Will you give me that for $135
could u make a tutorial of lockers plz
i was just kidding :)
what store did you get this at and how much money was it
but the principal can catch the kids who do so from his office and bring them in.
the tree on the playground is just another thing for kids to fall and get hurt from climbing it.
I love the playground
Love it! Tried to copy it but it didn't turn out good lol.
that was awesome i like all of it
can you build  a  titanic that will be nice
i  love your chanel
Yeah titanic
i cant think of the name but what is the website called that you do all of your live builds and stuff on.
Make the titanic next
cool?
same here
lulz wut? xD
this is soooo cool i have seen this vid like 1000 times
ur the best lego designer and builder ive ever seen!
can you order some lego to indonesia at 28 december 2013
Very impressive!!!
do you ever take your buildings apart?
111111111111111222222222223333333334444444444444455555555555555555555566666666666666667777777777777777777777788888888888888888889999999999991111111111111111111000000000000000
too bad u didnt have a gym
did it take you 2 hours
This should be an actual modular build!
If this was sold I'd defo buy!
I think u should call up Lego so they can sell that set!😀
That is crazy I love it
i like the flag do u have a video for that if not can u make one
Nice video it was so cool what I liked the most are the bathrooms
whats cuusoo ???? im really gullable
Awesome! I am making a LEGO School for Brick Fair NE in May!!! :D
you are really skilled when it comes to lego
You could use Lego. Digital Designer
Great vid but wheres the cafeteria
Sell them to the LEGO company? :)
soooo vcool
you should make a vid on how to make the bus
Do u play with them
I dont have near enough bricks for this crazy stuff ;D
I subbed you.
This is awesome! Well done ;)
This is AMAZING !!!!! :)
I wish I could build something like that
Nice nice(: (:
And sell them I would buy them xD
This would be a good model for a real school
Nice :o dude you should make your own instructions for making stuff :D
i love you legooooos
Your the king of LEGOS man'!!!!
i love your builds you inspire me
How many blocks?
i think you should make an instruction steps book and a list of pieces for at least the school bus!!!!!
You also forgot a crap ton load of bricks.
it really cool
you should make a bigger elementary school
You could make your own lego set with EVERYTHING you build!!!!!!!!!
that must of took a looooooooooonnng time
Jay, if you get to read this I want you to know that you are very talented and you inspire me to build things. I'm not as talented as you, but I wish I was. I love to watch your videos and use your tutorials in order to make things.
Cool
@Hazardouz234 ITS GO TO MIDDLE SCHOOL
hi jaystepher how old are You u seem like a nice guy and sorry about that other comment that was my sister
wow jaystepher cool lego creations i watch all ur lego toutorials
How many lego bricks did you have when you was 10-14 years old?
very good
can u sub to me
Is it heavy
the girls bathroom should have had a bench...
your right how many sets do you have 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
you should put your creations together and sets . you could make a massive lego city
u sooo should build a office building
your awsome. I wish I had as much lego as you
you are very creative
the moment u get to the school and u need to go to the bathroom u need to go ALL the way up
cool
this is sooooooo cool!
How many supporters is right now?
you forgot the nurses office,the gym,the music room and the library.
cool this thing was being built after my 12 birthday
Can I have it?
colllll
Do a tutorial on the school bus I need that
Hey will you sell it ??
you have to run to the attic to pee? that sucks for the lego people but its a cool build.
Jay im a kid ok dont laugh at my name and im subscibing you
Did you use a gold plate upside down at the bottom of the bell? Make a tutorial please for the bell :D
I wish I was as talented as you :(
WOW
how do you build that bus
if you could clone this elementary school, would you sell that one?
I agree you should work with lego
you should work at LEGO
This video is nearly famous jay
Well... That is an astonishing masterpiece. It is fun-packed with all the stuff you would need with additional pieces. Where do you get your lego pieces from? I would love to have this. You are a gifted genius, anyone would want this (especially me). If everyone could buy these. I would be one of the first. MAGNIFCENT! BRILLIENT! FANTASTIC! You are a true perfectionist.... Know that...
wow thats what a gifted classroom looks like cuz my cousin is gifted lucky:(
That was good can you try a bike shop next :)
dude.... put it on lego cusso
great job this must take A LOT of effort
how do you make the bus?
but this is Lego it would be awesome if the world was made of Lego ,like James mays gigantic Lego house
do you use pick a brick for the walls because it is coll have you ever made a neighbourhood with your homes
Wow this is a amazing school i would love to go there
i miss my elmentry school now im in 6th grade
WOW! I'm a fan of your builds so are you thinking of being a engineer.
after finishing it , you destroy it ?
@jaystepher oh ok hahaha
That's awesome
What did you mean by 'gifted students'?
very nice job but do not make lego boring by have school     school sucks
put a stud on the door of the school bus
Hey Jaystepher. Can you do a tutorial on the school bus? That would be great.
I love this you should be a lego designer I would so buy this school!!!
where'she shark?
This was your entry in cuusoo right? nice
make a stop motion out of the projects you've done plz
how did u get the logos at the bottom of ur vid?
That is so cool
Man, you always have cool stuff. Where do you get all of the bricks?
You should be a Lego designer and working for Lego
how do the levels snap on  becase of the tiles
nice school
7:25 you put the 2x3 on backwards on the desk :)
ha its ok. the little brother (3) is always wrecking my 2 other brothers (5,7) legos to, so we have boxes full of legos but we dont have the right pieces to build really good things like you do. your lego school is amazing. i always keep my legos in a tub. my sis and i got some lego friends. they are so fun but i like lego city because they have more sets. but yeah keep up the good work!!!!! (boy, i wish i could build things like you.)
i have trouble believing that you made that without instructions. maybe you could show us how to build it!?! i built my own police station. it was not that good though, it had two floors. by little brother ruined it though.
too cool. COOL!!!!!!!!
Never ever would I be do cruel as to put my minifigs through something as horrible as elementary school.
Space for 12 children, LOVIN' IT!
I like the school so much, I even want to buy it.
But, it is a great creation... If you haven't yet, you should join mocpages. :O I am sure these types of creations would get featured.
I wouldn't want to go to that school...if the bathrooms are on the top floor. e.e  We'd get knocked down the stairs rushing for them...
Do you take apart your old creations to make new ones or do you just have millions of lego pieces?
do you have a tutorial on a swing set? if not can you make one, please
Do you glue the Legos?
u should make a hotel with a resturant inside
can u do a tatorial to do a beginners lego house
Just Beautiful :)
Check out my first moc and leave a comment
This is one of the best lego modular houses I've ever seen! How do you get so many beige lego pieces?
Hi.Jaystepher what is lego cuusoo? Is it original from﻿ lego?
Did you sell your products? Jaystepher please tell me as quick as possible I want to buy this
Hi.Jaystepher what is lego cuusoo? Is it original from lego?
do tutorial for everything! just kidding only if you want to
Oh yep hey can you Subscribe to me please and mine are the Diamonds
And another What is your Favourite LEGO Piece
I want to ask why is there a Paramedic Driving The car and you can give your Lego people to me if your not a big fan of them lol
cool
it's awesome great work
i want it soooo bad!!!!!
the armchairs.
I love your Elementary School
you should put everythinng you had built together and make a city
u should put minifigures in the classrooms
Glad your getting some serious views, jaystepher!
jastepher try to make a apartment or hotel
Thats very cool  really like alot of your mocs :)
i think the bus is aswome!!!
i'm a grade 4 student i'm in 10 years old...
VERY IMPRESSIVE!!!
you rock JAYSTEPHER!!!
PRETTY IMPPRESSING. Advice:if wont 2 finish, use clay!!!!!!!!!. Other peepol doo.!
You are the best lego creator i know. You must be a builder in real life! Please make more lego videos and houses! Check out my channel!
is this a elementary school
yourvideos are AWESOME ive been collecting tiles so i can build a house i broke all my sets(taken off pieces)PS where did you get tiles???
you should do animations! :)
i like the bus
AWSOME THANK U FOR THE COMMENT
IT IS AWSOME THANKS FOR YOUR  COMMENT
AWSOME HOW DID U DO THAT
COOL this makes school look awesome LOL like school will ever be awesome
help!!!!!!!!!!!  i cant reach the toilet paper  nice job man
Wow, very good!
ah. Becose you remind me of him. One of his vid is on the right of the screen (lego school)
are you related to MlCHAELHlCKOXFilms
elementary is primery school.
how do u make your roof removible from your houses plez reply soon
put a stud on the bus door so it opens up easier
I'd so buy this as a modular building
You did graet (elementary schools don't have lockers they have cubbys
great and amazing, except there is no gym
So this school is in america and its the Something elementary school are is it some random school in USA?
how do you get the computer? and can you give me some tips on building a mansion
Also , how do you make the the roof and stories click on and off
how do you build the bus? can you make a tutorial?
Do you actually sell this ''concept'' to lego? Is it possible to sell it? How does that works?
Did you break
do you build all your Lego customs and leave them together or do you build one at a time and take them apart.
is that a joke?
He has a good idea of what a playground should look like because he spends a lot of time there.
Yea I can go back to school lol.
Awesome!
make a tutorial how to make a small school
very cool
Love your stuff, but I din't like Lego tiling. My habit is to make Lego weapons like 2 times bigger than my minifigure. I just built a Lego droid with a gun/staff with bayonet which was bigger than him. And he's standing in a brickarms stand. Still love this school. I'm surprised you don't work for Lego though.
nice you are the best im a huge fan you should do a how to bild on the kids desks if you dont have one alredy
im a huge fan!!!!!!!! this is soo  cool
Ur a cool Lego builder I only build candy machines ._.
Big school for 12 students lol
lego in my life il love your lego build and its so coll
thats small i made a bigger one mabe about 60 cm that bigggg!
awsooooooome!!!
jay you just keep creating great things keep doing what your doing you rock :)
Sir Jaystepher, you have gained a subscriber
bell tutorial plz
Lego needs to hire you. SERIOUSLY
i really like your buildings and subscribed like 2 years ago, but i think you could do a better job on the school bus
4:18 ...boobs....where jk? haha nice toliet paper detail
You should build a book shelves on the principal's office :P
its kinda like my school conte community school (elementery)
your right they will and they won't banned them do it jaystepher
Schools out for summer! *guitar* Schools out forever.
u should send it to the lego creators so they can make it to an accual set !! : D
make it bigger
That's so cool! :D Where do you get so much LEGO?
Yo dont take that apart it is so cool and big
i love lego and u rock!
Nice!
man, u should sell these!
XDDDDD sell it?Ask him within fuckin 100000
omg i just cant stand ur vids their amazing
Sell it to me
what does cuusoo mean? im confused.
this is so cool
whoa all that lego buildings been giving you big pecs bro
Drinking fountain was a great touch
I feel bad for the kids needing to use the bathroom on the first floor
are you on lego cusoo because on any of mocs i would be a suppoter x10
suite good luck ^_^
i like the tree...random
Were do you get those doors for the toilet stalls
have you made a tutorial on a Lego stairs with a landing
Make a hotel because you had a lot of legos!
Hey, you should make a stop-motion if you have the righ program or what ever, and also, I love how you designed the school and the bus! :D
brown not red...i think
MAKE A HOTEL
MAKE A HOTEL
MAKE A HOTEL
MAKE A HOTEL
Epic haha
can you see one of my videos jaystepher and coment
Hey sweet, 10 supporter buddy, and i will make a youtube video to let everyone know!
please make a lego house and garden! lol!
how much would it be if you got the parts online at the lego site? nice school by the way.
hey jay! i was gonna do a high school that looks like this.can you give me a estimate of how much money it would take to build that?please reply!
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
i like it but if you take all the classrooms out you could make a very nice house
you should make a video on how to make the school bus
That's sweet good job
your amazing with lego
love it keep onn the good work
cool so do you have other projects on there!
Amazing I'm speechless
dude yur amazing! I could never do that
some elementary schools have them
elementary schools dont have lockers
ive been so keen to build this,so why dont you do tutorials on how to build it in parts like your fifth wheel.
Jaystepher, can you do a lego college with dorms and everything?
this is one of ur best creations Ive seen. I mean, you works so hard on bubblers and bathrooms and desks, chalkboradsand stuff. If I build that, I would super glue the peices and pay the money to buy new ones. THATS HOW AWSOME THAT WAS
have you submitted any of your Lego things to Lego cusso they make your Lego ideas into sets all you need is an account to post it and get 10000 supporters hope it helped!
well then dont give up. send more creations to lego!
How many pieces did this have?
thats really cool
your finally done! yay.
that is awesome!
Can you show us a video of legos  going in the school im a girl and i love legos
How long did this take you all together
Build a lego high school and sell it
Awsome
LEGO u have a new designer
you should be a lego desiner
what your idea for the next creation/
thts coooool
Great vid! You're really awesome at building Lego! I get alot of my technique from you! Thanks alot!
Brickboys518 has a pretty good drinking fountain. You should check them out.
can you make a tutorial on the drinking fountain?
Your should make a HOUSE boat
you should a lego mall or lego chity hall but homemade
bro U should  sell your stuff
can you make a hotel or apartment
Amazing, wish I could play with it! Can't wait to see what you make next!
best lego creator EVER!!!
the people who dislike are just jelous
make the batcave
the chairs inside the classrooms
dude i subcribe to you.
the chairs inside the classrooms.
Did you guys hear the tiking
r u a teacher :/
how do you get the roof to stay on
you should put a stud for a door handle on the school bus so it will open easier
please tell me how to make the chairs
dude you have lots of smooth pieces!!!!
that really good the best moc i,ve seen you do
cool
2 people failed school
Cool that is really awesome nice touch with the classrooms and how would you build lockers
awsome school dude
you could've put a 1x1 round plate on the bus door, that would make opening it a little easier.
Did you build this yourself. If you did, you have quite the imagination
omg this is amazing
Really cool bell!
i was going to do that luigis mansion house but like jaystepher said need a lot of black pieces and dark green.but i might still make a vid on it.
I﻿ like that building, it looks very solid. The windows are definitely the best part.   However, I think it's a bit too small to be a school; maybe it would have been better if you had made it just a part of a school, like just the library, so you could focus on fewer groups of details and designs. I think you should have used less colors for the floors, too. Also, try to make more furniture, like chandeliers and cabinets, and add some texture and ground level to the backyard.   Good work!
Dude your buildings are great your talented man
Do a Wayne Manor and put it on cuusoo!
You should make a lego boat house
Try making a hotel
cool
make a park
I really want your projects in my lego city
hmmmm... idk.
My school is a giant one floor school with no cafiteria haha but anyway i love the school :D good job
well now it has 39.
my school is funny. my lunchroom is in the basement
Awesome...just so awesome. do you buy the pieces online or in a store?
no 12:32
He subscribed me! I feel special. [not mental]
you should build a shopping mall next
build a giant foot ball stadium :)
hope it gets 1000 supporters fast
i supported for it on cuusoo
can u build alego 4 story building with an elevator
This will go good with the other Lego sets
oh thankes jaystepher!
where are the sink faucets from?
jay you should put this on lego cusso i would buy it!!
that is so cool !  lego should make this a kit
where did you get the big flat piece in the play ground?
i might buy that it detailed good
Cooooooooooooooool
Ilove your school but you for got the gym
hey what if someone really has to pee and asks a teacher where the bathroom is,the teacher says "last floor" and he just stays their in shock cuz the bathrooms on the third floor so much stairs
Your the best guy ever
@10harrypotterforever
You should put this up on Lego CUUSOO. Then it could become a set and all of your fans will be happy! And if you want, I could put it up for you.
How long did it take you to build
how it took you to build it ?
can u try to make a bank? with the giant turning vault and all the safes???
since you had enough time to build the gils bathroom you could of built another stall
jaystepher you are one awesome guy
Jealous
Will you ever do origami jaystepher?Comment to powerblockers  saying if you will or if you will not
That awesome
Nice
I really like all your videos
make a hole city!
good school
where did you get your pieces
How much did this cost?
nice school
you could put in hand dryers if you havent
Oh my god! MAN! I totally can't believe I forgot about you! Luckily I have another LEGO crazed friend who suggested you and I saw I was already subscribed and yeah... YOU are amazing my friend and this is great; I'm not sure you know how good you are ^^ does this still exist? If so would a sort of tutorial video be achievable??? *hopeful face* :)
So big and so cool to see after all episodes. Nice building. Continue like this.
Ill pay $500 fro that or more
does he make them free handed?  If so then OMG you are good at lego building!!!!
Nice school :\
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Have you gotten a call from LEGO yet?! Seriously!
how old are u anyways :)
dude i love the drinking fountain
publish it in lego cuusoo!!!!!!!!!
Awesome
I hear construction sound
I would NEVER brake that. Its awesome! :)
THIS IS THE BEST THING U EVER  MADE !!!!!!!  YOUR A LEGO LEGEND IN MY EYES !!! ur my lego hero. i just love all the detail , what are you going to build next ???
how many legos do you have
Hey Jay stepher you need to put in plates in the places where the cool creations are because you cant just let the stuff shaking around
There is a paramedic dude in there
01:01 to 01.08 LOL
Looks like Jayden like it when he has his hair the wrong way
Wow I said
I LOVE IT!
The colour scale look like the roblox house
thumbs up if u hear a metronome
dude make a mall
OMG THIS IS AMAZING !!!
no i mean how do you get the little picture of the school in that
you should make a lego city!! (if you have the parts)
but i did not uses intrution i just made it!!!!!!!
i love it? i love how you build it but i use intrutions and i make cool things  i just buildlt two willy jeeps and 8 army men
lol when you said time a clock went off at 4:37
i hate the ticking in the background
thumbs up if you wish this could be a lego set that you could buy :)!!!
jaystepher how do you do the things that the school is pasted or something around words on windows live movie maker
that model is awesome
Nice work. I wish I was a Lego minifig.
Well if the school has a playground then it's a primary school and primary schools don't have lockers. Well they dont here in Australia at least. That school looks nothing like my school but still an amazing job!
Hey jay going to comic con this year
ok man thank you
love the school
jaystepher, this is soooo cool!! i like all of your work! i subscribed to you! could you please subscribe to me? i only have 7 subscribers. i would love for someone as popular as you subscribe to me! thank you.
hey man thanks for subbing to me i will try and get u more subs :)
Jay, That is outstanding. Good job! I love it! And the same with all your other creations :D Keep making more vids :D
Jay, That is outstanding. Good job! I love it! And the same with all your other creations :D Keep making more vids :D
can you do a small castle
i have ben waiting for this video for a long time
Put minifigs in the school
wow great job!
can u make a tutorial on a football field
one wordd.... AMMAZZZINNNNGGGG
really awesome great job Jaystepher!
man this is awesome!!! hey everybody will you please check out my video ive only made one but i am going to make one today but please look up lego harry potter collection and press the sort by most recent and you will see mine on the second or third page
jaystepher you rock!! I could probably do the same if I had the peices!
This is AWESOME! Everything was so detailed, I especially loved the bathrooms, noticed that the toilets were different in Boy's and Girl's too! :) Your work is truly incredible! Cannot wait til the next project!
now destroy it !!!!
u rock u can do every thing i thought were imposable
u should work 4 Lego company.
Wow a beautiful school!! I wouldn't mind going there!! It looks great
I think that it needs a few more classrooms, but nice job otherwise.
How much do you want for it?!
hey bro you people make me love lego
You should post this as a project on the Lego cuusoo website
Jaystepher I have to say WOW GOOD EFFORT you have done an amazing job.
>_> from sets...
5 to be exact
Lol the teacher doesn't like apples.
cuanto te gastaste y donde puedo conseguir piezas de lego a bajo precio
me
thats pretty awesome
That is so cool I have been watching all your updates and now I get to see the finished product. AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
Thumbs Up if Jaystpher should be apart of the Lego Group!!!!!!!!
AWSOME!
cool!
you are inspiring  i wish i was as talented as you are
So cool worth the waits
no freezer? they must have quality school food
Thankyou I know I wish you could get them easier, but for all of mine on ebay were only 3.99$ so not bad at all. Also have you seen my new lego house? its on youtube. Check it out whenever you want to. thanks and take care.
mabye i shud make this in minecraft ;) but i need to wait until i get my computer back from the repair thingy (i think it had virus) :(
oh its ok at least you tried
do something else like a diner
can you make a hotel? it would be amazing!
could you make a movie theater or a diner?
Great school! It looks amazing!
Hurry up with the Hillside House and the Seaside House!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL I know they make a big difference I agree. I really love this school your so cool and very tallented, and very nice thanks for talking to me. I think its to bad that you have to buy old used lego faucets from ebay, and lego still doesnt release them in todays time. The ones i ordered were from 1997 and shipped from the U.K. lol. Thanks again and great job jay.
make a restaurant
sorry I mean that color on your camera is giving me a headache
that color this
what you going to make next
you should put it on cuussoo!!
absolutely amazing u should build a museum or theme park
your work is awesome!!!!!!!!!!! you should be LEGO disigner
Umm, If you said school's out in the video your currently right if your in the philippines.
Where do u get those cool taps from?
this is amazing
Do u have a clock ticking in the background?
Love it I'm one of your subscribers
Thumbs up if this should be a set
You should really do it! I mean castles were not nessicarly made of stone you could make a it made of brick clay or even wood if you wanted too. But building a castle should really be your next project!
I love how the boy's bathroom doesn't have toilet seats! Haha great, amazing, extraordinary, creation.
Well cant wait for it!! :) good luck
Can you do a LEGO Store next?
Very nice man
Not a very Handicap friendly school. LOL
i go to elmentary school jaystepher
What project are you going to work on now??. Really cool MOC.
i like u jaystepher
@jaystepher Hey! Im making a one-story lego house) So far I just have my 8 updates:) It would mean a lot if you check them out and comment of I need to improve anything.
u should sell this 2 the lego company cause i swear u make some big bucks
Awesomeness! So whats your next project? ;)
its very cool too
you should put life lights in it.
This...needs to be said...what a beautiful building!! Well Done!! :)
yeah of course!:)
Awesome... The best moc I ever seen so far... love it...
I think you should make a Lego hospital or shopping mall next! be sure to make it as good as this one! :)
Well done,Jaystepher! Could you tell me how long the school is?It looks about 35 studs long?
You should make a hospital or a gymnasium
'Build a Fire station that's big enuf to fit my fire engine. It's 6 1/2" wide by 9 1/2" tall by 25" long.   You might need a million pieces. LOL
Awesome!!! :D
The girls restrooms have lids for the toilets and boys don't If you did a high school you wouldn't have to put stall doors on.. LOL
every vid makes my day cause you say nothin fancy every time
thumbs up if you heard the clicking sound throughout the entire video.
elementary school doesn't have lockers
I would buy this
It's awesome!
Jaystepher im speechless thats why i typing lol and its amazing you sould make a city with all you sets and creations and the next moc should be a like a duplex for a city
Nice job
u shud put a tire swing on the tree (:
@glitterglossygirl What if i told you he IS sheldon
@iamcats9 Lol!!
If you dont know whats cuusoo (i didint) go to lego.cuusoo . Com they will explain everything
Great Job! This turned out awesome!
that is awesome
awesome
dear santa...
do you keep things you make? cos this is too awsome to break!
Omg your voice really reminds me and my dad of sheldon from the big bang theory!!!! We love lego's and he was like, omg is that sheldon?! Haha i love your creations
Awsome. 12/10
WORK FOR LEGO NOW! KEEP THAT SCHOOL. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR! Thumbs up if you agree!
So cool!!!
Amazing!
Finally it's done! You should put this on Lego Cuusoo!
Thanks!
As soon as you said time the Grandfather Clock Dunged or whatever you would say.
ITS FINALLY DONE and where did you get those sink fossetts?
here's a challenge: try putting a flap in the rear of the bus roof; just like in real life!
Amazing! Great Job!!!
Wow it turned out really well
i hear a kuku clock lol!!
This looks nothing like the elementry schools by my house! But it is still amazing. Love how you added the bells :)
lol it could probably be both schools lol
make a high school
Andd you should definitely try to make a hospital! That'll be so ace!
Man this is soooo.... CUUSOO Worthy!
Great idea for the toilet paper!
GLAD IT'S DONE! LOOKS GREAT!
how come the girls toilots have backs to them and the boys just have a flusher?
Do a mario mushroom
Excellent job! This should really be on Cuusoo!
A website LEGO made, it's when you make a LEGO model, upload it to cuusoo and if it gets 10,000 votes LEGO will review it and it might be made into a real set. They have already made a LEGO minecraft set, I have it and it's awesome!
I love it!!!! great job!!!!
THANK YOU JAYSTEPHER FOR YOUR INPUT! Thumbs up!
are you going to do a stop motion of the school
The peaks on the roof, are called gable dormers, also known as Segmental Gabled Dormer. A peak on a roof would make it look more like a house, so if you had the peak near the door, that could be an exception. Great, Awesome, Sweet school!
whats cuusoo
Its Finally Done
it is a website where you submit your own lego sets and if you get 10,000 supporters, it could be sold by lego
Great Job jay. Can you make a really detailed police station???
this is amazing!!! PUT IT ON CUUSOO!!!!!!!!!
for your next creation you should make  mansion
this needs to be on lego cuusoo!!
Jaystepher you did amazing! Thankyou for taking my idea on trying to make a neighborhood! And i love the playground. I hope this doesnt hurt your feeling but you could of made a tether ball, you would of done great! Also you should make kits of these buildings. Before you tear it apart make directions and stick the bricks in a box. I would so buy that! Soon make a contest on making a building. Thankyou for taking the time to respond                          ~stripesb2000
Wow I love it, it is amazing, and awesome. Best creation ever from you, and you make alot of awesome stuff. This would be an A++++ 100%. I love everything about it, I wish I could pay you for all your work on it because you deserve it. I am glad to see thoses lego faucets from ebay lol, I didnt out bid you. They make a big difference dont they? Anyway cool school looks like a real one. Take care and I really enjoyed it thanks.
whats cuusoo
Hey are u ginna deatroy it !?!??
JAY NEXT YOU SHOULD MAKE A FREAKING CASTLE DO YOU KNOW HOW EPIC THAT WOULD BE?????!!!!!
Beautiful work Jay! It turned out very well!
awesome sch :D too bad there is no teacher' room..
Awesome School!!!! You have a lot of cool and interesting pieces. :D
Whats a cuusoo, any i got one question whats your next project: (house, modern house, castle or something) if i were you i'd go for a modern house
next you should build a custom lego mall.
next you should make a mall
can you build a lego titanic
put it on cuusoo PLEASE! THIS HOUSE ROCKS
COMPLETELY AWESOME
awesome
awesome you should put this on cuusoo
brilliant!!! I Love It!!!
Really nice! It was worth the wait.
That was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Put it on lego.cuusoo.com NOW!
33rd comment
Awesome!
great job! cant wait to see your next creation.
wow that is a great job!!
AWESOME!!!
Amazing and was that a clock ticking in the background or construction going on
42 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
sweet
make it a cuusoo project
Awesome!!!!!
Awesome
Put it on cuusoo.
Fantastic! WOW I love it! Congratulations ;)
Jaystepher I have your next challenge of building o_o I want you to build a castle I have seen your modern building skills but I want to see your Medevial Lego building skills! Please like the comment so he can see!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that is the coolest thing ever
Thats cool!! You should build a giant building or a car repair place!
THIS IS SO KOOL PLZ DONT SMASH IT!!!!!!!
It's cool
That looks awesome!! You should totally put it on cuusoo!!!!:)
You make probably I would say, the greatest MOCs.
very good job dude :o
5th like 9 comment and so cool
4th like
14th viewer 6th comment
nice
nice glad its done
First !!
