***This conduit is actually steel, I thought it was aluminum at the time of making this video. The steel does weigh more but I still had not problems.***
This is exactly what I was looking for. Just cannot find a conduit that will fit inside the cardboard paper roll tube so I'll just roll it up on 2" EMT as you say. Not the easiest solution but nobody makes the proper size metal tube. Thank you as I have ruined many rolls from the sagging.
i think most people now just leave the paper on the roll and put the end barckets into the roll, and the pull the paper down as much as they need. If it gets damaged, cut some roll off, and you are good to go. But finding the perfect light and cheap tube to go inside is not easy as they cardboard tube is 50mm diammet, but inside its less than that.
Hey Dude, I was having the same problem as you. I wnated to buy a 2 roll system. But they only seem to sell 1 or 3 or 4 or 6. Im like you I wanted t try it first. But I bought a 3 roll hoder. Getting the tubes is not easy. Like you I did not want to spend a lot of money getting the alumimium tube. So I boutgh some PVC plumbing pipe. But here in New Zealand were are metric so you can get 40mm which is too small. and 50mm,, which is too wide as the hole of the cardtube tube is 50mm also.
Damn 2" pole is 50 bucks now
thank you so much!
I ran a 1x4 along the top connecting to the studs to mount my hardware to… just a suggestion, hope this helps someone
This was very helpful, thanks for sharing your experience!  I have been trying to figure out a solution for that for a long time.
Do you think that the mount could be mounted to the ceiling if screwed into studs? Also, can you tell me the with of the opening in bracket? I'm curious if the 1.5" conduit would fit in it so I don't have to transfer the paper to the 2". I know the chain would work but I'm ok with that.
Sweet setup!  Thanks for innovating.
Thanks for sharing this tip I was looking for a solution for sagging
Smart. Thank You 😊
Straight game. Thanks mann 💯
Here in 2021 and this is $35 at Home Depot
Fantastic video! Wish I had watched this BEFORE I did all the troubeshooting you described doing too 🤪
Thanks bud. Nice of you to share. What you could do is make an adapter plate so you can pick up the wall studs on both ends and maybe in the middle then mount the brackets to the adapter plate. For the 1x roll maybe a 2" x 4" x 10"? Would have to figure out what works. The drywall anchors would be kinda spooky for me. Wouldn't want anyone to get thunked in the head with that hefty roll.
nice. I went with the Varipole kit because I didn't want to drill holes in the walls to hang any equipment up.
awesome, thank you :)
Thanks so much for sharing this and for experimenting for all of us! I still am determined to find something wide enough for the mount system, yet small enough for the Savage background paper that isn't $50 like the Fotoconic option on Amazon. It is crazy that there aren't more options out there... But, at least I know this solution works! Thanks again.
@3:06 you state its an aluminum tube.  EMT conduit is steel, which is heavier.  Still works, but should let your viewers know they shouldn't be looking for aluminum.  May confuse.
What do you do when the aluminum pole is the same size as the cardboard. How do you get it on the metal pole? Please let me know . Thanks
What tape did you use?
How come no one puts the links to Home depot's aluminum poles???
Hi  Great video!
do you think there is a piping solution that would fit inside the paper rolls, rather than needing to tape it?
This is a really smart idea. I'm also looking at the fotodiox system and was looking for a counterweight. Reviews say the Manfrotto counterweight is extremely difficult and frustrating. Savage makes a clip on one, but the 9' one is $145! Your solution solves many problems, but I'm wondering what happens when the backdrop gets too dirty from being used on the floor. Do you just cut the dirty part off and re-tape the end to the cardboard tube?
I need visuals. How do you get the rollers to roll up the paper. I know you said stick it in the pole, but is it a tight fit? Your next video, please show the steps visually.
i know this vids a couple yrs old but was one of the ones I watched before i set up my system. If anyone is interested i did figure out how to use the 1.75" conduit with the roller system. I didnt want to take the paper off the roll and retape, just had to disassemble the roller a bit, super easy. thanks for your video =)  Heres my solution: https://youtu.be/PPSWq8p-4mM
Where did you purchase the aluminum conduit?  My Home Depot is asking $50 for one  2" x 10' rigid aluminum conduit.
Excellent idea, I picked up some of the available 2" steel EMT conduit from the big box lumber store and did the same as you described.  You Rock Dude!  Big Thanks
Very helpful. Thank you.
just curious if anyone had done this with the three roll bracket and if the drywall can take the weight of three rolls of paper on the aluminum pole-- trying to figure out a solution without going motorized
Thanks for this!  You just saved me a bunch of money.  Really appreciate it.
Get the green paper, IYAM.
Use toggle bolts for the left side. They are better than expansion anchors. How has the plastic chain held up? I've heard people complain about them.
Nice work Boss Dog!!
What was the brand of the backdrop system and you mentioned the same company offers additionally the metal polls; can you provided a link to them? .. thanks, video was useful.
I want a photo backdrop for my room just like yours!!!  To make that happen, what items would I need to purchase?  Thanks
