Stıll best back workout my
bro i loved you then, i luv u now
Planet fitness doesnt allow for some of these workouts. Godamnit
You don’t have to be extreme; just consistent.
OG team Natty!!! Great stuff dudes.
This video is amazing by the way. How many reps of each exercise should we do ?
One day I’m gonna be able to spread my last and fly
Intellectually and physically buffed. Even way back then. Good stuff!
0:12 Always when that song plays it reminds me of Buff Dudes, it's kinda like their theme song imo
Was this a motivation video or a tutorial, Im not sure
🦾
don't do drugs... lmfao... the irony
YO WHERE IS THE FUCKING DEADLIFT?
Wtf? This channel has been around for so long?
Its crazy to think this video is over 7 years old. Only bc it for whatever reason motivated me. I've worked out on and off for most of my life, but always for some unplanned reason I end up stopping just as I'm really going good and starting to see the results I want. Then when I finally grow balls and start up again whether its 6 months or like this last time 5 years later, I'm starting from scratch. Muscle memory is legit tho bc each time I seem to get back into the shape I was in and even better a little faster. My point is this time I'm not stopping or making excuses and I'm pumped to see how I'll look and feel after years of consistent hard work,not just 8 months or a year!
How many reps of each exercise should you we do ?
When I do tbar rows I have a severe pain in my spine. It’s not in the muscles. Literally right in my lower spine. Halp.
Muscle shield? I don't it will be stopping bullets anytime soon
I love how he's got a buzz cut for like the best reason possible lol
Ewan McGregor looks really beefy here.
Watching in 2019 Bet brandon has smashed more tail than you can shake a stick at since then.
Still watching in 2019
My only question is where is your hair 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤔🤔
ty i will try tomorow:D
Should I do all these exercises in one workout
Victor Creed over here showing us how to make huge back gains
Can I do seat t rows in place of standing t-bar rows.
This channel is like a one-stop shop for all the people who want to start gym but has no idea about the exercise nor money to afford a personal trainer... Thank u buff dude..🙏
can you do the bent over row with dumbbells?
Love from Ghana 🇬🇭
this dude looks like ivan moody
I’ve been looking for a workout that specifically makes lat’s wider! Thanks!
What on earth is blurred out at 1:56 ? what could possibly be there?
Go should go to Unflexal webpage if you'd like to learn more about workouts. Good new solutions for everyone I think.
close grip slow negatives on the pull up bar =  monster lats
I need this, my chest and arms are big and I nearly got the 6 pack but I’ve totally neglected my back so much so that my shoulder blades stick out a bit which looks weird given that I have wide Lats from chest work - I hoping these 5 exercises do the job! I can curl 60kg but can only do like 10 pull  ups  - embarrassing
Deadlift not mentioned even once.
They just gave us a whole back workout routine
I will be doing this. Thanks buff dudes
Aren't pull ups and cable pull downs the same?
Where can I find an empty gym like that. At LA Fitness, I have to work around all the people on the phone!
one armed cable rows? Lame dood, Just do one armed rows on a bench.  Hot garbage breath
This vid made me subscribe! Definitely a weak muscle for me. Thanks for the tips! Cheers 🤘🏽
Great demonstration.
Wow....???  Randy Orten is in buff dudes... 😯😯😯😯😜😜😜😜
I love pull ups <3
Deadlift? ?
You can learn more about workouts, health and bodybuildinf on Unflexal website.
Jeff is luring me back to his channel
in the future, the cargo short method of dating youtube videos will be more accurate than carbon dating rocks
My pullups are always weighted cus I'm fat af. 8^)
That’s a Yates Row
Buff dudes is the best of all.. Literally they became my gym Guru
"Your guns, and your shields! Don't do drugs." Lol I love this man
Amazing video
Will pull ups help my deadlifts
Tren for stremf
These videos are why I'm in shape
Buffdudes all ways make it simple and easily informative thank you guys keep posting.
Need more buff dudes videos
Looks like Saber tooth
Lol no deadlift a staple back exercise
Hey guys this is just a question for my curiousity. But do you think buff dudes are on roids? I just want to know if its really possible to look that way naturally. Let me know what you think thx.
"I'm going to tell you about the muscles other than the lats ". Proceeds to tell you about lats 🙄
FuK drugs
No deadlifts 🙈
2:14 hahaha man that was epic
Lats arnt the only muscles located at back, talk just about lat exercises
This guy looked way better than he does in there newer videos
haha "B.U.F.F Dudes dont do drugs" awesome. Keep it up dude.
nice new hair look😊😉
I really struggle with back workouts because its hard for me to really feel if I'm getting the workout right. I dont notice the squeeze in my muscles
360 view. Look good on all angles
This is how they got subscribers early. Shirtless workout.
question!!! do I do all 5 at once or do 3 of five every back workout day?? hmmm
so, ive always done the seated cable row, but with pully up high. is this wrong?  should it be lower?
I wаs cоmрlеtеlу shoооосkеd by how drаmааtic thе rеsults werе аfter just onе weeеееk. Mу enеrgy lеvеls werе notiсeablу highеr аnd I fеlt like an absоlutе bеаst in the gуm.. => https://twitter.com/b9d61b31f115e75e8/status/822770372575563776
this man has the same backaround music as matthew santorro
from what i see all people got problems with pull ups because they dont want to be shamed that they cant hold they own wight just do it in home and after in gym but u dont need to be care about other peoples eyes fuck them
You should play Sabertooth for a future wolverine movie 🖒
Good shyt. Chest is built also. My goal for the summer
Dumbbell rows??
Damn wish I would've watched this before I hit my back today
Where can I buy the gym belt which supports hanging weights to take the pull ups as shown in the video?
ive always thought he looks like wolverines brother
No deadlifts or rack pulls??!!
They should cast him for Sabertooth when they reboot the X-Men franchise again.
These guys are aight in my book, but T bar rows with 45's is fucking amateur hour. 25's and 35's so you can get a MUCH better contraction at the top.
Appreciate for this Video Man! I'm Working for my Legs usually.
I can't even do normal pull-ups yet lmao
gunna try these
Is it weird I'm more jealous of his gym than his body.
Trying to get buff! You guys are very helpful. Thank you so much!
Dude looks like a beast bald
following ur tips
is this work out still effective 2 years on ?
Always awesome and helpful videos, you guys are the absolute best.
do you count weed as a drug buff dudes?
because you're using your arms bent over rows dont really work your biceps. unless you use you're arms use you're lats
How come people differently explain the T  bar row? The one says to fully bend over and the other one like this video is positioned more to standing up.
gun mayhem bgm..:D
damn
what is that piece of equipment you have to help you do the t bar row
Ray Donovan got shredded
buff dude can u tell me the quickest and best exercise to get rid on my belly fat  plzz
How many reps and sets should you do for each exercise?  Thanks
Dude, you are such a hot man! you are so fucking masculine , so manly! You are a stud! i like the way you talk, what an attitude! And you are fucking super hot!! Please fuck me man!
What are the best lower back strengthening exercises?
But why dont they say how many reps u need to do with each exercise?..
Straight arm pull downs destroy my triceps :( not what I want
Just do pull ups at the end of the workout when you are tired. And you won't need weights.
Man, when you are doing the T-bar row, you sound like a fucking monster! It is epic! : )
good video, like the more serious informative ones, thanks
"...GUNS and your SHIELDS! ... DON'T DO DRUGS!!"  :D
@02:19 WTF!! What does the Drug had to do with this LOL U R a BEAST dude... Thumbs UP :D
u look like wolvarine in this video :O
How much  i should add weigh while doing pull-ups? Does it have to do with your overall  weigh?
You use too much weight you cant even lift properly lol.
your videos are in-valueable to me. also funny and entertaining.  thanx man
everytime i do this, it feels more like my arms are doing the work out. i guess i am doing something wrong.
Awww at 1:40 lmao 😂❤️ cute
"Don't do drugs."  *Does drugs.*
3 mill people dont workout lmfao
My friend your exercise for Lat you doing wrong men
I really appreciate these vids buff dudes
How many reps and sets do you suggest when working out with the back
Hey are these ok for woman or are they going to make me too butch haha? Been working on my running etc and leg strength but want to define my back just a little.
there is a lot to learn and discover by watching these videos and programs like kisel bodybuilding.
Is this guy on steroids or is he natural? I'd like to see what sort of size can be achieved without steroids
what's the difference between reversed grip bent over rows and between normal grip bent over rows, I know the reversed one activates the biceps but in terms of back work, what's the difference
what's the difference between reversed grip bent over rows and between normal grip bent over rows, I know the reversed one activates the biceps but in terms of back work, what's the difference
Is the T-Bar row more for bodybuilding? I want to put these in my back workout for football. Can I build good strength with T-bar rows?
Buff dude science
2:18 JUST THOUGHT OF ALL THOSE CAPCOM GAMES XD =)
Doble dragon
Don't do drugs 💪
Traps?
Good Work!
he seems too defined and shredded to be natural, either way good vid
nice vid sir it helps a lot. GodBless
u should do a phone app with this
I'm a man. 6ft. 96kg. I have the back of a sexy lady. I do not know where the bulk of my muscle goes to.   How to isolate the back muscles between the shoulder blades. I have a very dented back. Help pls.
No. Deadlift is not not a back exercise. Its for your glutes and hamsterrings. Hopefully for you there no movement in your back. You only train your back static in a deadlift.
do all I one workout?
3:44 is there anyway we can do this exercise without a machine?
what do those numbers and letters mean next to the title
Very informative probably one of the best channels on YouTube! Real accurate information as well as showing great form on excersises already been making more gainz getting that big ass back
Would straight atm pull downs not work  shoulders ?
Long hair, short hair, buzz cut, beard, no beard.. This guys is always hot!
For all these exercises, am I supposed to retract and depress my shoulder blades as I am performing them?
do you think that dumbell incline row can replace tbar row?
that badass quote at the end though...followed by a badass outro.
i thought the teres minor was a shoulder muscle
Much respect for BuffDudes, its pretty obvious that they don't juice. People, especially men, who juice and lift this much develop a very particular look that the knowing eye can see. These guys are natural and buff. Keep doing what you do dudes!
Thanx for the video, gonna really put in some work on my back this weekend!
When should I start incorporating weighted pull-ups into my workout?  Right now I'm able to do around 8-10 pullups at shoulder width, but I just started getting back into weight training 6 weeks ago.
Dude you look like Victor Creed in this video :)
booooo! No dealifts?
booooo! No dealifts wtf.
whats the beat in the outro ?
blah blah blah do workouts lol.
heyy not to bad guy.
Why is it all about looks?? You should be worried about strength not looks.....geez are we all women now?
One arm cable row is it same like one arm dumbbel row?
Great videos :)
How many sets and reps for each ???
That's some serious weight on the straight arm pull down! How much is that
1:03 "the t-bar rows" "woooooo!"  Girls love em
@ 1:00 = ***Pendlay T-Bar Rows*** You're arching your upper-back as you bring the weight-up, which cheats a lot of the weight out of the equation for the Lats as you use your legs and traps to accelerate it up before they take-over in the last few inches of the lift. If you're going to show people that kind of form you might as well tell them to concentrate on the negative-portion of the lift as much as possible and to try in bringing it down as slowly as possible to get the most out Rows that are too heavy for them to maintain a good, strict, solid-form. Negative training for the back can really kick-ass, but I still can't find any Heavy T-Bar Row videos of lifters who can maintain a neutral spine throughout the whole movement :P
he is fucking massive.
this man's body is a natural muscle shield, even under the punjabi padding.......n this gym is only makin' it more muscled!
I need advice. I'm trying to be fit and strong, just not so much buff. any advice on how I should be working out?
I prob cant do 3 pullups lets stand weigted lol
No deadlift  WTF.....
Huge get to truthcontest
I'm a simple man, i see good exercises , i press.... potato nation be with me pls..
what can I do if there is no t-bar at my planet finetness.
so nice video.
your channel is the best out of every fitness channel. very informational and gets right to the point. awesome.
Good ....
fuck yall
hey why don't I feel my lats engage at all while doing straight arm pull downs
Thank you.
Following buff dudes from the past few months. Legit aesthetic shit, straight to the point no bullshit Thanks buds!
you guys put out some great content. Its just fun to watch, and it actually got my ass into the gym. Came for the lol's stayed for the gains
What about lower back o great one?
but what about the number of reps and sets
I love you xxx
Deadlift is the equivalent of "appeal to authority".
Can you help me, where should I put bent over row? Im planning to do pull ups. chinups then bent over row that okay? Thanks!
question how do you workout muscles groups per day like Ex: chest n triceps next biceps n shoulders etc.. please help thanks
hey can you use resistance  bands on the cable row?
I like to call lats wings
thank you
I've had this question for a long time and can't get a definite answer from anyone. For the straight-arm pull downs, how wide of a grip should you use, shoulder-length or wide?
Fucking awesome video just gave me a whole fucking work out of straight fire!
What about Deadlift ?
Subscribe to my channel for workout clips guys ill sub back!
The best program for force muscle growth here Gain Weight-F
how many reps should we do in one day?
Are all the rep ranges around 4-6? Or 6-8?
this guy's in amazing shape ..... and i believe it's natural also ..... but regardless ... he is in great shape .
muscles!
Is it recommended to do all 5 exercises in one day? Or is it better to mix with another group of muscles?
yes
Hey man what routine would you recomend me to start and keep on going on the gym, cause some people says you have to work for example chest and triceps and others chest and biceps, or other like back and biceps and or back and triceps, leaving all about legs with shoulders. What do you say???
what rep of set
what is the name of the strap used in the weighted pull up exercise routine
ur amazing... I really have been looking for clear, fast, and specific workouts that will target ur back to make a good v taper.. to bad I did my back workouts before watching this videos
Is your bench press stronger from having a strong back ?
Don't do drugs? What kind of tip is that? Am I supposed to buff up naturally? :[ Before people come whining, please realize I'm just joking. (except for the part that if you wanna get really big you will need some drugs).
Your a f in legend 👌🏽
Anyone notice the Charlie Sheen look on the last graphic?
I had an intervertebral disc prolapse 3 months ago. Which of these exercises am I not supposed to do?
please upload ..how to build that broad Jaw like you...
Do you use steroids
Don't do drugs 😂😂😂
Thanks for uploading this video.very useful tip
Great video men, how many sets and reps should i do, pls let me know...
it hurt bro!!!
Love it Dude!
Can i perform these exercises every week? I mean on every back day? A lot of people say that we should change the exercises every week for every muscle group. what do u say about it?
These guys are awesome because they break down all their exercises to the most basic levels and describe them perfectly. You guys rock keep it up!
It'll be nice if you can go through into more details of each exercise like what to watch out, and point out the mistake usually people do when performing them.
dont do drugs lol
Hey dude I've a quesion.. On the last exercise, when I release the bar after lets say 10 reps.. I have a "temporary pain" in my shoulders. How can I avoid this?
weighted pull ups? I can barely do regular pull ups -.-
i want a buff dude jersey please :D
is it just me or he looks like SAM  from Supernatural !!!!!    great video btw man
I would a rack pulls or roman chairs I think they're called or "proper name"
Good to see Natty's with a lot of sub's keep it up dudes
did this workout today and I killed it great routine!
what if all you have access to is dumbbells, a barbell and kettlebells? I also do boxing and Kickboxing..
BEST FUCKING AD EVER!  #GHOST
Great video, i have noted over time the majority of serious lifters tend have issues with back development, this is primarily due to complexities of training back for both density and thickness
People really think he looks THAT insane? It's so blatantly obvious he doesn't do roids. He just has good genes, knows what he's doing (incorporates science) and has been doing it for a long time. Idiots are just jealous. And you should be.
Deadlifts?  You can't start back work out with out deadlifts. The rest is cool.
This is a good video.
The only reason to accuse someone of steroids is jealousy. Plus, someone assuming you're on roids when you aren't, is the ultimate compliment, even if it gets a little tiring eventually.
U need time too for all these
Only in the year 2015 can people be so fucking fat and lazy that anyone who's ripped just has to be using steroids. Idiots.
what your height and weight bro?
Hey Dude,are Lat Pulldowns a good alternative for weighted pull-ups....cause I find a lot of difficulty in performing pull-ups...
amazing bro thank , ur body is wonderful (Y)
Pretty sure I hurt my back on the straight arm pull downs sucks can't train now.....
I love the last quote: It aint easy being a buffed dude. So true. Fnk hard work.
<3... bffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
dude, you look like sabertooth here, from xmen origins of wolverine. hahaha BTW tnx for your vid tips. this could help me to do the right forms for my training :)
At 2:20 the sign should read "Department of Buffness"... ;) Anyways, are you guys from L.A. or somewhere around there? You always seem to have good weather :P Do you work in the film industry? Greetings from Germany! Stay Buff ;)
Lmao don't do drugs that was random as hell
He has abs in his back and i don't even have abs in my abs
lovet
csicska !!! fake!
It would be a shame for you not to lose body fat while other normal people are able to shed extra pounds quickly by using Fenoboci Diet Plan (just google search it).
people that think hes not natural... LOL, you either have shit genetics or you dont lift till your gritting your teeth, he has a great physique, and hes definitely natural.  so quick to yell roids to justify your shit physique lol
nice video brother, please have the camera man show your back when you are doing back exercises , please, I wanna see where exactly hit those exercises , thanks for the video again
Thank you.
He sounds like the dude who introduced the old show the Twilight Zone.
What about deadlifts? That as been my first exersice on back day.
you don't even have ANY BACK MUSCLES WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT..?
"You are not only trained for the look, you are also trained for the performance". That sums it up...
There are many more tips for increasing muscle mass effectively ...
what about heavy deadlifts!
@buffdudes  Can you show us the difference between swing snatch and regular snatch. With kettlebells.
dont do drugs lol
So dreamy 😍 i wanna look like that. That's it. I'm hooked. Subscribed and researching more of this.
He talks like the guy on the twilight zone . lol
....... dont do drugs
The "Don't do drugs" part makes me laugh hard XD its so random lmfao.
he didnt mention the lateesus dorseye
So do you recommend doing all of these on back day? Could this work as a starting back routine?
If i get sore can i take ibuprofen?  Cuz i heard that it's bad or makes it slower when you're building muscle
ok , i have some back problems (scoliosis) because of a difference in legs lenght , so i'm actually wearing a sole to compensate the difference .... i just want to know what exercise to avoid and which one can help with my problem ?
Good shit I like how this dude translates this shit into English to the point where I can understand the exact benefit of every work out. Good stuff bro
thanks dudes i loved the one arm cable row, got a great pump on that one
Who is this? 😍😍
Is regular bent over rows and t-bar the same or different
Hey Buff Dudes! What do you think about using dead-lifts on back day? Is that part of your everyday routine? I've heard they are one of the most crucial exercises there is
Very good! Your instructions are straightforward, no jargons and no bulshits. Thank you for your effort teaching & sharing your techniques!
when u say dont do drugs!? you talking weed or heavy shiet?
I liked you until you said "don't do drugs"
If you can't Tbar row, what's a good replacement?
Hi. I've been working out for a few months now consistently, probably two years on and off but anyways, I feel as though my back is very weak compared to all other body parts. I can barely get through a back workout and it's not even because I get tired or winded but because my muscles just give out in my back. I also never feel soreness in my back even after I push myself very hard which is somewhat annoying to me because all of my other body parts are very sore and pumped after a workout. Any ideas??
so good ..
T-Bar row! Holy shit! I'm not a heavy sweater, but I definitely had a sweat going on after four sets. Normally, I'll do pull ups (sort of weak), cable rows, lat pull downs, one arm rows and then go into biceps where I can usually complete 4 sets of 3 or 4 different exercises. After doing this routine I could only hit my biceps with two additional exercises and I didn't get past 3 sets. I was fried! It was awesome.
good stuff
I dont do roids but I have to say that the back is probably one of the hardest body part to build MASS and THICKNESS out of without any steroids... You can get it lean and cut but its very hard to get it BIG without steroids unless you are genetically gifted or have alot of fat that builds up there
Thanks for being so informative and keeping a well documented regimen. Glad to of found Buff Dudes
Since these exercises workout biceps, like you say is it safe to do them 24 hours after bicep day?
"cut"  lol
How long do you have to pinch for when you squeezing your back together? 2-3 seconds?
I don't use Iron to add extra weight to my pull-up. I use donuts, much more effective.
Same music as Mathew Santorno's videos hahah, nice.
thanks for your videos :)
im gonna be a buff dude, did you know?
do i do all five exercise or do i choose some? O.o i new to fitness/gyming.
Great video! Thank you!
what about the deadlift ?
i have a question, i can't go to gym but i do train at home with a bar, bench and dumbells, will it be that bad if i will not include the calble exerises in my workout?
dude looks ridiculous...muscle building is nothing but stretching out muscles fibers to ridiculous extents...like really really ridiculous....lol all in order to get laid. frankly, us guys we jus tlook like dogs to women :) I work out so im part of the problem...
Several years ago I dislocated my shoulder and tore my rotator cuff, I can't do pull ups anymore, is pull downs ok? My main problem is that I can't get my arm above my head correctly without using my other arm to pull it to the bar.
lmao yo guns and your shields.... good video
Wait, no deadlift for back??? I'm confused! I thought deadlift is the most important back exercise?
Does it make any difference if you have your palms facing downward or upward when doing Bent over Row?  // A dude from Sweden ^^
Is trying weighted pull ups good if you can barely even do normal ones. Im 6'5 and it's already a chore for me going up and coming all the way back down and so forth doing pull ups. I do lat pull downs when im done trying pull ups but honestly it doesn't feel like it's working for me. Just sitting there not really pulling my bodyweight i just don't see how it's working so im trying to find stuff that will really help me out
I can't to pull ups, i think I'm too heavy. What now?
Wot happened to the hair dude ?
"Do weighted pull ups".... I can barely do normal ones....
Thank You Thank You so much for the demo on these exercises. I know I'll have a problem /w/ the pull ups, is there another alternative I can do instead?
I belive that he's natural
How much more beneficial is it to use the reverse grip on the bent over row than the standard overhand grip?
he's cool
I'm loving buff dudes. Studying Anatomy whilst watching gym videos. Keep up the terminolgy guys!
in love with this!!!
I'm trying to do pullups I'm currently starting by holding myself for as long as I can and slowly lowering myself. I mainly do close grip at my home but do wide grip at the gym but I am worried that my back will become wider than it already is... I am female so I don't want this. If I only use my own weight will this not be an issue?
This dude is a joke. He doesn't care about getting fit or stronger, he just wants to look good to get laid!
The best back workouts are done with the machines & not freeweights, freeweights are for immature men who haven't gotten out of that i'm sooo strong show off look at me mom i'm an asshole phase
Back workout and no Deadlifts?.... You better those in there.
What's the name of the song at the end of the video please?!
I started doing pushups this week and noticed my left arm is weak as fuck. Now I can't straighten my fingers out right they feel locked when I do so and I cannot scrub myself with my left hand. Is this normal when beginning working arm and shoulder muscles?  Also, in my right hand, my ring and pinky finger feel tingly
Your videos have helpt me to get stronger and i like to say thanks:).
3:47 works the chest pretty damn hard too
Buff Dudettes.
Nyce
Great upload, thank you.   Is this a complete back workout?  Thanks ...
Great upload, thank you.   Is this good for a whole back workout?  Is it a complete workout (back) is what I'd like to know.   Thanks ...
sir, mind if you do a video tutorial for proper Tbar Rowing ?
Hi everyone.  Is there am alternative to pull ups?  I am a bigger guy ( 6'2'' tall, 299 lbs, down from 418 lbs) and still can not do a pull up, even on a machine with assistance.  Could seated Lat Pull Downs replace the pull up until I drop another 30-40 lbs or so?  Thanks Buff Guys, really enjoy the channel.
Nice !! .......time to try it out and check-out its effectiveness :)
Everytime I work my back I only feel it in my biceps!!! Any advice on how to really feel the back working?
Brandon has incredible genetics.
fak u bech
I'm 6'3" 175 lbs. and I cannot for the life of me keep my back straight for t-bar rows. Any tips?
Would you do all of these exercises in one workout ? if Yes what about rep range/ sets and rest time and in what order ? you haven't covered that! Please Reply
Question:  I have a huge issue with standing up straight and have a hard time sitting up straight and I think it has to do with a few things:  Years ago I used to love chest day too much and feel that my chest muscles pull my shoulders forward instead of back.  I also think that lack of back muscle exercise makes it difficult for me to get into a good posture.  Which muscle groups should I be working on to improve my posture?  Will stronger back muscles make it easier to stand up straight?
I am very new to bodybuilding as I have only trained for about a month. And I would very much appreciate if someone could give me an answer to this: Is it normal that things are going VERY slow in the beginning? Is it normal that I can't execute exercises the way they should be executed in the beginning? Do you believe that this will fix itself automatically over time, or what do you think?
Awesome video... you guys never fail to help my workouts
flippin awesome
i'm a little too heavy to do more than one or two pull-ups. are there any other exercises that work the same thing?
dont do drugs!!!great vid thanx
Very good advice..I would like to know about that beat at the end of the video. Is that part of a song of did some producer create it?
pullups are my problem. every week i do them at back day and every week im feeling more and more exhausted on that excercise. it seems like im regressing though im doing back only once per week. what can be wrong?
i can do 1 pull-up. what am i doing wrong?
I've been bodybuilding and powerlifting my whole life and this actually taught me a few things, thanks!
Does it make a difference in the t-bar row whether you use the handles or just grip the bar?
Great video guys
Just tried this out for the first time, this gives you a pretty good pump
Fuck I'm lazy, thanks dudes!!!
I have a lower back hernia, and I can´t do half of these excercises. I was told by the doctor that I can only work with pullups. Are there any different grips that will help me work all of my back? I'm currently doing, 30 chinups, 18 behind the head pullups, 24 open grip pullups, and 30 neutral grip. I have nice lats, but I do see that I missing wideness.
when i do the t bar row it hits my nuts.
Great advice man thanks
so basically every back workout is a compound movement
wow dude you look like  victor creed  blonde version (x man orgins wolverine)  and when your hair is long you look like thor
having a circumcised penis help with back gains?
Hey buff dudes, I´ve got a problem. When I do the reverse grip  bent- over row, I start feeling pressure on my lower back. What should I do?
Its all good but how are you putting all that exercise to good use? Can you do what olympic weight lifters do? Can you beat a boxer ur size? Or are you training only to impress the ladies?
you forgot deadlifts you silly bitch ;)
Very funny and informative. Keep it up!
How to be a buff dude: Take steroids
is that a breitling? :p
How do you perfom a t bar row?
Top video 👍
I thought the back was referred as cobra wings but okay then
no deadlift?
this guy must impress the ladies at the beach.. motivation right here.
how much sets and reps we should do???
What all do you recommend for people with an herniated disc?
Guys I know how you can train your back in a better way but he isn't telling you his secret. He is doing pullups on that 1:22 powerplate. You're wondering how? You know, ummm... "flyes away"
Very informative video. Why didn't this guy auditioned to the new Ninja Turtles movie?
after u do 10 years + of workingout like this guy u can comment on steroid use otherwise ur just making a fool of urself by talking nonsense
Gr8 VID im on it today!!!!
Awesome video. My back will soon become the perfect meat shield. Lol
Ok buff dudes I just got Adobe After Effects......for 3000$$ I'm going to make a channel for YouTube and you guys going to finally see that I am the God of War
thanks
love it!
great video!
Makes a back workouts video Doesn't put deadlifts in them Wot
you forgot the lower bcak excersise
You do great videos! Your videos provide good information in a short period of time without being "preachy" or boring. Thanks
How about deadlift?
dude, you have a FUCKING 8-pack....
3:43 holy fucking shit!!!! full stack.
this guy is funny
Does it matter what order you do it in?
No deadlifts ?
Don't do drugs, Is that steroids also........ (^^)
keep it buddy u guys doing grt job thanks a lot...
No deads??
for the bent over row reversed do your arms have to be perpendicular to the ground?
2:17 Fucking random HA HA
Hey buff dudes is 2 arm cable pull ok to do? Or is it not as good as 1 arm? Pros and cons? I feel like 2 arm does more personally but then again I might need some time to get used to this different form. If anyone knows, lemme know. thanks
Can I get some help?  Everytime I do shoulder presses my shoulder clicks. I'm having trouble training shoulders because of that. Any help or advice would be appreciated
I have this huge middel back (like my erectus spinar in the middel is  thick ) but i cant seem to get mu upper back thicker. i have the width in my back but not the fullnis in my upper back, anny excercises for my upper back like lower traps and middel traps
I got a question regarding the T-Bar Row. Some guy at the gym was correcting my form because he said I was "standing up" every time I pulled the weight to my stomach. He said I had to be almost parallel with the floor when doing the T-Bar Row (Bent Over). But I see that this video does it at an angle, maybe 30 degrees which is, I think, what I'm doing. Besides, I feel if I'm too parallel to the floor, its going to put to much strain on the lower back. Anybody have any recommendations?
Hi, one arm cablo row instead, dumbell row does ? ( bad english :((
jeesus christ this guy is huuuuge
Definitely add dead lifts in.
if i have a gym at home what are the best equipments to buy??
natty?
so many people talking shit, these guys are doing these videos to help people out, obvisously not all exercises are for everyone due to injuries, defects, fuk whatever. dont bitch on every video they do, if u dont like it, dont watch their videos you sad fucks. BUFF DUDES keep doing your thang!
Sir I have a poor arm ..wat kind of exercise will help me down for more contraction
Sir I have a poor arm ..wat kind of exercise will help me down for more contraction
Are the T-bar and the Bent over rows safe for someone with lower back issues (disc bulges in the lumbar spine) ?
Correct me if I'm wrong but I thought you had to arch your back not keep it straight? Seeing as our backs have a natural curve..?
Any other exercises that could be substituted for t-bars rows?
The Planet Fitness Ad before this video.....HHAHAHA
great video
What if you cant do pull ups?
Nice one,Subscribed.Please keep'em comin....
all excellent excersice for back size
How the fk can this channel get haters?? Come on guys, it's so detailed!!!
How many times a week should I do pull ups?
How many times a week should I do pull ups?
What about the lower back ??!
no deadlifts i'm kinda sad
Brilliant ,given me some ideas for my. Middle back as my shoulders are overdeveloped and have a slight curve on top of spine so I'm told by my chiropractic.
Deadlifts?
That random "don't do drugs" was perfect
OMG I love the "don't use drugs" interlude :D Awesome, awesome video! Super informational and clear, cheers!
I hate tongue twisters. They can ruin anything
Achievement Hunter sound at 4:05 ...
Everybody has the valuable skill to get stronger--but not many actually use it. Go and Google  Muscle Maker Method and discover how to utilize your gift.
I´m confused about drugs, I quit almost all of em, but now I´m taking what they call performance enhancing drugs, should I stop doing them too?? :(
Great video. One question. I have no t bar at my gym. Anything to substitute?
very impressive,, fantastic ,,, Don't do Drugs,,, so good to see dedicated guys that know what there doing and great roll models.. love your work Buff Dudes
this dude cant even talk
Great video,  I love working,  but I have 3 bulging disk on lumbar area, and some of these exercises often increase my back pain. Great video,  thank you for sharing
Looks good Im gonna try this. How long till you see results?
Lat workout thanks:)
No deadlift?
360 degrees??  Get a chest first!
Is it just me or does this dude look like Bruce Wayne in Zero Year xD
WOAH!  No deadlifts, did I miss the deadlift bit or something?  Maybe I should play it again?  I must have missed it.......
chicken leg man
Dude, you forgot mother of all back exercises "Deadlift" ;)
Stopped watching this video when He mentioned the T-Bar row and wrote how the primary muscle group are the lats and then contradicted himself by saying "this is guna work the thickness of your back, primarily the middle of your back."
On the seated cable row i feel it more in my bicep than in my back what am I doing wrong, please advise.
2:18  not even ocasional pot or some red wine friday night at dinner? :(
Have you experienced Muscle Maker Method? (check it out on google) It is a quick and easy way for you to bulk up fast.
can someone advise on good upper back exercises be it free weight or dumbells whatever the case may be, dnt have a lat pull down machine
2:18 what is our opinion about gear
Shield from what?  No more bullet proof vests needed!  Just tell the SWAT teams to watch this video.
SUBBED !
Started doing Greg Plitt workout recently, and this just popped into recommended so I though I'll have a look. I am very satisfied with what I see, these exact exercises are the ones I'm doing. Keep on the good work!
Buff Dudes- 'oh whoooops, i forgot to mention: winstrol, trenbolone,  sustanon 200, some dianabol on occasion, test. 250, and top it all off with a little bit of Deca....and Whoah-Lah, a muscle shield back can easily be achieved w/ these drugs and exercises...'   ...Brandon is a nice/cool guy no doubt, but obvious is obvious. And most people that know better, know that fitness models Juice.  It's common knowledge...when big money gets involved, so does enhancer drugs for that fast easy edge.. I don't  have any respect for people that use illegal drugs for their fake synthetic muscles. Plus they are killing their insides, and life can be shortened by DECADES.  His body though not mine.
My gym has no room for T Bar Rows :(
this is the kind of guide im looking for!, 1 subscriber for you.
I want to look like Bradd pit in snatch (google it up), I've been lifting for 2 years now but I kind of have skipped back excercises and lats excercises because I''ve become traumatized with some overdeveloped traps and lats and also I dont want my back to look literally like a shield or mi torso to be V shaped. I'm planning to start back and lats again but not that intense for the things mentioned above, what do you guys suggest?
that "don't do drugs" came out of nowhere. It cracked me up
DO YOU EVEN LIFT?
this guys is using some kind of drugs,but his exercises are good,nothing we never heart before though
This is great. I was in a car accident and have bad spinal alignment, looking to strengthen my body to realign my spine!
Hey guys where can I get myself one of those grip handles u need for the T bar row exercise?
what handle attachment are you using for t-bar row...
Hi Buff dubes, is there anywhere i can download all your tuitorials ? I mean some torrent site or something cause all these is very instructive..i want to view them before going to the gym. Thanks to help dude.. :-)
I need a stronger Spine Erector, Are there any isolation exercises for it?
The Buff Dudes Rule!!!
Nice one mate
Nice one mate
SAY NO TO MIKE CHANG!! I'M STARTING A REVOLUTION AGAINST THAT SLEAZY LYING BASTARD.  love the buff dudes! keeping' it real guys.
To people who want to build muscle eventually. Copy and paste into Google  Ready Set Ripped to find out more.
I really want to get one of those Buff Dudes t-shirts,but not yet. I don't feel like I've earned it yet!
You want a big thick back? Do deadlifts and bent-over rows. Cant build that big back without them deadlifts.
Whats the difference between the t-bar rows and bent over rows?
I love how humble he is
Great video.Thanks for the help!
Thanks for these amazings exercices. You are doing a great job.
i been doing this exact back excersise twice a week for ever i love it
Don't do drugs!
buff guys don't do drugs. only steroids, hormones, and other drugs.
Good selection of exercises, going to have to figure out a way to apply all of them on back days. My lats and lower/mid back react quickly to weight exercises and get big fast but its the damn upper back (below the traps?) that are hard to hit. The Reverse Grip Bent Over Row seems promising.
Cut   :)
This guy is awesome! Love the videos!
My favorite workout channel on youtube. Great job Buff Dudes
this vids are really helping! :D thanks.
Best back workout video in my opinion, great job!
How much reps and series for each exercise i have to do?
omg i want that gym!!! nobodies there when they lift!
hahahaha DON'T USE DRUGS!!!! XD
He said these are his favorite exercises.  His favorite. For all the people asking..., were are their favorite exercises? Appreciate it brother now its time to get to work
Love these vids!!! I have lost over 4 and a half stone and want to become a buff dude!!! Just wondering if you guys have done a Q and A or if you ever will?
Salam!! Man you are so cool to watch!! Good decent and respectable advice's in an entertaining way!
does this exercises train strenght or/and endurance or is it just hypertrophy
lol hes a funy guy
Thanks for another awesome workout buff dudes.  You make it easy to change up your routine.
I'm going to assume this should help my back get SMALLER and tone up if I do the same workouts just less weight and many reps?? :D
Great informational video...thanks dude.
no deadlift wtf
how many sets should we do? and what kind of sets? do we increase weight with each set? or decrease? I'm just lost in the sauceee
Man i would love to get trained by this guy... hes so friendly :D
Seriously good information. Ive been doing pulldowns and have just not been satisfied with it. I always felt there were better exercises for the back. I knew about the pull ups. But never really knew about tbar row or reverse barbell row. Thanx much. I know these will give me the results I desire.
Great video!
So doing this today!
kindly post something about steroids, should we or should we not ?? thanks
Awesome Vid! Thanks for the advice!
Love your channel. I understand all the exercises and why and how they work but do you have a daily body part schedule that you can pass on to me? I'm sure you probably have a video but I haven't found it.
Check your description, it says Bent Over DB... Not one arm cable row
What about deadlifts?
i do like 90% of the exercises he mentioned, the last exercise is awesome, recommend it to anyone
you cant elongate a muscle...lol
WTF can I do about pull-ups I can never do more than six. Also I need 3-4 minute break before doing another six : /
awesome vid :)
Great video :-)))
god bless u bro. great exercises
one arm cable row X)  In this exercise, I will add to my program. thanks Buff Dude
My pullups suck.. I can only do 8. I need another workout for my back.
hey buff dude i wanna ask what can i do as a replacement to tbar rows cuz i dont have that machine in my gym
I love your beard.
thanks
what about deadlifts???they work a lot of back muscles
i stopped doing the pull downs because i just couldnt feel it on my back, it felt like a chest workout. anyone else have that problem?
2:15 - sweat patches
There's no such thing as working the ''lower lats''
he is the man
Very good instructions guy
stets ? Reps ?
Deadlifts??? My absolute favourite back exercise!
2:29 what was that?
Doing T Bar Rows is better when you use my awesome handle.
This is the best fitness channel on YouTube
Hello. I have kyphosis and I can do basic exercises like crunches except ''T-bars'' (becouse of back support). Can't you suggest any back excercises for me, please? I am  16
Great info, great visuals, great attitude, and concise!  Good job A+++
What do you think about pull overs. Since it works the back as well and the core and the arms. I think its a good exercise! The exercises shown are pretty cool and I need to put them into my workout regime. I like that he talked about the reverse grip bent over row and how to do the exercise. I was looking for a way how to learn ho to do this exercise. Thanks!
Obviously his doing something right. Maybe YOUR form sucks.
Your form is terrible...
More reps than have heavy weight defines my muscles. What does this mean?
Damn sit on my face baby!
Are all the workouts targeted specifically for men only? And what about your recipes, are they to gain muscle or can a woman follow the recipes and lose weight?
Are all the workouts targeted specifically for men only? And what about your recipes, are they to gain muscle or can a woman follow the recipes and lose weight?
No deadlifts :()
don't do drugs~ :DDD Buff Dudes are awesome :)
No deads?
love this vids man ive watched this one like 6 times.
Brandon, your beauty is distracting...
QUEER  TIGHT   T SHIRT BRO....
Awesome video. loved it.
"ain't easy being a buff dude" LOL!
I like this guy, lol!
Great video bro
Excellent back workout - will incorporate these into my routine
2:19 the fuck they don't!
deadlifts??
Done these, loved incorporating them.. had to add DEADLIFTS though.
No deadlift?
I have to do assisted pull ups!
Hey guys. I was wondering something about the way you do your repetitions on every exercise that you do? Is it a good idea to take 5 seconds to lower the weights when you do an exercise? I want to do the T-bar rows, but is it better if I take 5 seconds to lower the bar?
Can i do all these exercises on one day? Or in the chest/back split of buff dudes regime?
Real good but you forgot to include the #1 exercise of all time...DEADLIFTS
"It ain't easy bein' a buff dude" - Brandon Myles White
what about some upper back exercise advice? It seems to have been neglected.
i think they do romanian deadlift on leg days
I like the buff dudes advice more than most others because they get straight to the point. No waste of time sounding like an Anatomy teacher
Where are the lower back workouts? Please post some!
I feel deadlifts are better for leg day. I certainly feel it far more there than in my back.
KRATOS ! you rocked the god of war commercial man
My gym doesnt have a t bar. what other back exercises can i do to work those middle back muscles?
cool!!!!
so do your legs hurt more than your back after dead-lifts?
that's my basically the same back routine i use, but i include a few machine excersizes also for more volume and negative/pyramids .
do my bent over rows have to be reverse grip? i prefer normal grip  but does that mean less gains?
Very good tips .Great video. Keep up the good work buff dudes.
Hi, have you tried MuscLeader (search on Google)? There you will find a great free video featuring the right way to gain noteworthy muscle mass fast while shedding excess fat as well. Ryan and hundreds of guys with the same goal experienced good results using this strategy. I hope it works for you also...
Hello everyone. Great vid.   My cousin used to be a fat. He went from 283lbs of fat to 210lbs of genuine muscle mass. I could not believe it! I just signed up myself because I'm working to get more impressive muscle mass. He used the Muscle Building Bible (Google it)...
nice one
You sir just got a new subscriber :)
buff dude ur physique is great just need the upper chest though keep it up
Great workout, i actually use alot of those excersises in my back routine execpt, i start with DL. It's the most heave compound movement of your back day when done right and thus requires you to be still fresh and crispy :p but that's just my opnion.
NO DEADLIFTS!
this sucks
Awesome!!
Dat jaw line.
Really? You're a fucking idiot then.
i always laugh when people say deadlift works back too. there must be a misunderstanding. the deadlifts primary mover is legs, SO ITS A LEG MOVEMENT.
thank you so fucking much
awesome
"Your guns, and your shields."  2:10
The Deadlift is an exercise for building core- and gripstrength mainly. If you perform deadlifts in the hypertrophy parameters (8-12 reps, moderate-heavy weight) you will feel that your leg-, core- and forearmmuscles are those who come to failure first. So the most backmuscles in this exercise are not worked to build size.
Don't do drugs?
:)
LAt pulldown + deadlifts.
DEADLIFT?!?
You'll find a stretch in your shoulder blades when you do it, a lat stretch actually,  Your shoulder blades will technically spread out.
liked and subscribed
Error 404 deadlifts dont found!!
i want those kinds of lats that appear even if you wear a t-shirt
Why don't you guys have the back fully parallel on the tbar rows and bent over barbell rows? Is it supposed to be parallel or slightly above parellel??
Pinch your shoulder blades back, put your hand by your hips, then bring your shoulders forward and out while keeping your hands stationary.
yeah , strange thing he didnt talk abt it
This ^ deadlift has to be the best back exercise
yay
slow and controlled is always better for any exercise if youre trying to build muscle
Once a week if you push them hard.
Good look man, aesthetic as fuck.
no he's referencing what he said in the video
deadlifts???
Doing the T-bar with that body angle will guarantee you good triceps but not much pressure (not as much as possible) on the rest of the back. I prefer an angle of 100/110°, that way you can use every single part of your back.
Damn you're gorgeous
nice...subbed!
how about no.
? you're implying he is on drugs?
YOU ARE AWESOME!!! damn you need way more views!!!
that beat at the end...
This man knows what he is talking about.
weight for dat mass
is it better to do slow pull ups with no weight or faster pull ups with weight? all doing the same reps.
if you people need to get ripped immediately without spending a single another minute in the gym, then you really want to look closely this video tutorial SIXPP.COM  It was a blonde.  A blonde to make a bishop kick a hole in a stained-glass window.
hahahaha 1:41 i'm glad they didn't edit that out it's little things like that that make these videos even more entertaining.
Haha dont do drugs. The video was great With a great form
nice video
if you people are looking for to get ripped quick without spending a single another minute in the gym, then you must check out this online video SIXPP.COM  If I am the phantom, it is because man's hatred has made me so. If I am to be saved it is because your love redeems me.
haha i love your videos. you guys are awesome!
monsterr!
you can do lat pulldowns if you can't do pull-ups
What about deadlifts? Its one of the most benificial excercises you can do for your back.
great video, very comprehensive, thank you!
sorry dude but that doesn't make any sense, i think you're confusing it with a front raise. The straight arm pulldown is a great isolation exercise for your lats. Give it a shot, think about pulling down with your back instead of your arms and feel the squeeze at the bottom and the stretch at the top. Former mr. olympia Dorian Yates contributed a lot of his back development to a machine version of it.
hey dude last exercise is mainly used for shoulders
That's kind of cool. I've been a pick up artist for 7 years now, if you wish to understand the ultimate way to get any girl you want then look up Wise Women Workings. Honestly. No nonsense. Just search for it.
deadlift+ barbell row +  pullups  work great for me
Are you telling him not to juice? Maybe I read your comment wrong, but these guys aren't on any gear. Watch their older videos and you'll see
backs are cool,put iam more into shoulders an traps rite now"
if you boys would like to get ripped a lot quicker without spending a one another minute in the gym, then you have to look at this online video   COOK46.COM  All they do is warm their seats for their long tenures and eventually even their seats get dilapidated with the amount of money they hog in illegally and the only way it comes out is by tilting their
Thank you for the video.
Do shrugs
He forgot single arm DB row, Definitely one of the best to build upper back when is done correctly!
deadlifts are mostly for legs.. and there are way better exercises for your lower back
Lot of bodybuilders dont bother with them. Not that they arent a good excercise, its just that they arent toitally necessary for bodybuilding.
How about lat pull downs sir?  Which is better? Pull ups or Lat Pull downs? Should I do both at the same back training day or alternate it every week or I'll stick to pull ups?
your GUNS and your SHIELDS brah!!!
No Deads ??????
hes right, i'm stronger then them smaller then them and on nothing....
fucking idiot
Don't do drugs
Your arms, and your shields.
Gain a small amount of muscle, eat nothing to stay lean, preach on youtube.... i don't get why people follow small guys like this.
he said what he LIKES to do for back training xD
also forgot to add that you're on steroids
Yes i mean it. i know the bad fat is the reason that stopping 6 pack coming outside even we work out well.  Between the surprising part is my friend who is not doing much excercises, maintaining his six pack with this secret food items.  you can see it here SIXPP.COM  Poetry is truth dwelling in beauty.
Deadlift??
Good stuff man
Good tips. Minimal chatter.
Truthfully, if you follow this system, its virtually IMPOSSIBLE for this system not to work for you. Check out WEIGHTGAINFAST.COMUV.COM
same and triceps
Guns shield oh and dont do drugs
water that stays in your system
Is it really all just water weight?
Can someone tell me why I gain more weight in the gym after working out? Example, I weigh myself to before a work out and weigh 172lbs. After an hour I weigh 177lbs. I do drink a lot of water, probably 4 glasses of water in the gym. I had a friend tell me that the 5 pounds was all water weight, however I sweat extremely bad, and I also pee frequently when in the gym, probably 3-5 times when I'm at the gym.
Oh that's weird because sometimes when I wake up in the morning I use my erect penis as a joystick and pretend I'm a crane.
I already told you. before I started eating right it didn't matter how much I exercised my abs were still jello.  Listen my senior in gym daily having this secret food items to kill his belly with less excercise.  you can watch out here bit.ly/18VPGvw?=jzwgp
wow bro too fucking funny. only seen that moronic comment on about a thousand other videos. fuck off.
I watch this before every back workout. Seriously!!  Not one of my favorite parts to work but this gets me motivated. Thanks Buffdudes!
It would be a shame if you did not bulk up when these people do it so easily with Morsch Muscle Madness (Google it).
funniest fitness dude on youtube
You, sir, are an inspiration to us all.
don't be shy buddy ! we all were weaks ! we didn't start strongs! just go to the gym and put the fith in your heart and you will see results :)
Also please pretend to be original.
I love my back days because of this workout routine!
i really like how you present your videos looks like you put a lot of work into it. Great Video
Yep. even i was very sad since i workout well for abs but nothing was coming.  Listen I heard that most of the celebrities used to follow to kill their belly using this 7 food items.  have a look here bit.ly/1fPfoEv?=udqpb
Buff Dudes, i have been doing this routine for a while now : Simple and Effective ! I just add Seated Cable Row for personal preference. Thank you Dudes, since you made this channel i made all kind of gains !
or two old people going for a walk
2:56 drug deal going on right there.
dont know about you but i work out to feel good not look good. looking good is just a bonus.. and of course.. no homo hahahaha. i could say he looks good.. but fucking fantastic? lol
u forgot deadlifts
It's not about lazyness.. it's about the incredible deceit in the fitness industry. More than half of the dudes on youtube are juicing.. leading to false expectations. Don't get me started about magazines... deceit, deceit and deceit.
you said it bro.
Get your customized nutrition plan based on your age, height, weight, body type, workout routines and schedule with MAXIDALE.com . I’ve never seen a program that takes all of these into account!!! Follow MAXIDALE.COM for best results.    The discovery boughts the awake paste. When does the hot man synthesize the stone? When does the prose publish the zippy hour?
Very true brother.. No one has the patience and discipline to do the same work everyday for personal benefit even..
You're right. even i was very sad since i workout well for abs but nothing was coming.  Listen the surprising part is my friend who is not doing much excercises, maintaining his six pack with this secret food items.  have a look here bit.ly/19cLQPp?=mfqdi
GET YOUR BCAAs, from meat and veggies. Fuck supplements. That shit is the biggest scam in bodybuilding to date. Intra-workout BCAA? Do you honestly think protein synthesis is happening while you're anabolic and breaking down your muscle? Sorry, I'm going off of a stupid advertisement, but that shit is annoying...
Hey, I know that park.  I used to walk/jog around it when I lived over there.  Just discovered your videos, they look great.  Thank you for sharing.
Well said bruv,,it takes years pof hard work diet and dicipline..i know ,,im 50 ,,i hit the gym and all the young boys comming up askin g how long until i get like you,,,or what to you take to look like that,,lol,makes laugh,,and i answer "Squats",,and as you know them boys hate doing squats huh,,lol
Take a look at their diets, that might change your perspective on why/how theyre so big. They both eat like BUFF vikings.
are you twins? height?
the best physique in youtube man
I had a girlfriend who accused me of making myself throw up because I was skinnier than her (I detest how skinny I am and am working extremely hard to change it, so that accusation sounded ridiculous).
coming from a sloth
He's been bodybuilding since he was 18 .. he is definitely not roiding
damn it, sabertooth.
I dont think he is, just a lot of hard work..
use a belt when you get to a weight your core cant handle
T-Bar row puts too much stress on the lower back
It would be a shame...... if someone saw you :P
at least your not a couch vegetable.
This video was great! jaja Thanks bro! (y)
It would be a shame if you did not build muscle when other normal people are able to bulk up  easily using Max Muscle Extend (check it out on Google).
thx >:D<
Have you tried "Max Muscle Extend?" (check it out on Google) It is a quick and easy way to bulk up fast.
If you want to bulk up, you should Google "Elite Muscle Formula". They can help you get the body you deserve.
If you want to bulk up, you should Google "Elite Muscle Formula". They can help you get the body you deserve.
If you want to bulk up, you should Google "Elite Muscle Formula". They can help you get the body you deserve.
bodyweight pullups, assisted pullups, or lat pull-downs
Have you experienced "Max Muscle Extend?" (Go Google it) It is a quick and easy way to build muscle fast.
Someone forget Deadlift?
what exercises can i use instead of weighted pull-ups?
I think it's more the fact that they're so easy to get, I think everyone who goes to the gym knows of atleast 1 guy that admittedly takes roids. Well it's that way In Australia anyway.
Cause it's scary how common that shit is! I got a couple of dudes at my gym that aren't even big that do steroids. And like you said. People are lazy, they're not ready to do the work and time in the gym.
Hello there, have you heard of "MuscLeader" (look on Google)? There you will find a great free video featuring the best way to develop visible muscle really fast whilst losing excess fat at the same time. Fabian and plenty other guys had great results by using this approach. Hopefully it works for you too.
Hey there, have you considered "MuscLeader" (search on Google)? There you will find a smart free video demonstrating the right way to pack on noteworthy muscle mass quickly whilst eliminating unwanted fat as well. Kev and plenty other guys enjoyed good results by using this technique. Hopefully it helps you too.
You "need" to? Really?
Let me tell you that I personally don't give a fuk if this guys take or not roids. But I believe that with good healthy nutrition, hard work, discipline and sweat I can achieve a Hercule look. Roids didn't exist in ancient times and still men were built as fuark, asthenics pleasant. Look at greek ancient statues men were really built back then, and they didn't need all the shit that we are using today protein powder, creatine, roids. Use just work .
LoL His muscles are too small, he is not use roids. When you use roids you become like a bull, big and nasty. His body is sculpted well defined. This Buff Dude is huge for a natural dude. FUK DRUGS !
funniest fitness channel haha
got some bad news for ya bro...
If you want to hit the lower lats you should pull from over your head, not in the bent over position. Alltough the reverse grip makes it lower, its not low enought to boast about hitting the lower lats. Its all about the direction of the force. Like when you train your chest. The same goes for the stretch. To get att ful stretch i a row from the front you nead to rotate the thoracic spine. And you cant do that with two arm rows. When you pull from over ypour head you get a much better stretch.
You will get a customized nutrition plan based on your age, height, weight, body type, workout routines and schedule with MAXIDALE.com . I’ve never seen a program that takes all of these into account!!! Follow MAXIDALE.COM for best results.     The example observes the belligerent vessel. When does the zippy join tutor the letter? The sneaky payment orientates the land.
Great video. Great help. Thanks
He's a hottie
Do lat pulldowns until you can rep out a moderate weight and then hop on over to pullups.
Go to the gym more often
"Don't do Drugs"
What days do you do regular dead lifts?
Lat pulldown
What exercise can I substitute with if Im unable to do a pullup?
Wrong. You're the same guy with the terrible body in the gym that likes giving people advice on how to lift aren't you? Keep watching these videos and learn something rookie.
My family laughed when I told them I was going to build muscle with "Max Muscle Extend", but then they saw the results. Go and Google Max Muscle Extend to see their reaction.
He is in excellent shape exactly what i'm working for
then you're gay
thanks man great video... would these exercises be a complete back workout or should I add more exercises
one of the best videos ive seen to explain back exercises, ESPECIALLY the bend over rows
trust me... that means ur gay... but u could already tell that from your haircut to be honest..
Buff dudes i really like ur vidz! really good motivation and now i will just have some  breakfast and go to the gym, im always like that look at some videos and then i look at urs and im like , hmm fuck it i go to the gym ! :D Keep up the good work and dont stop post videos! AWESOME!
I'm not gay but I want to marry this dude
2:15 i like bro!!! nice info ill do my workouts with these sets now.
Deadlift is for strength training. These guys are primarily about the appearance of the muscles
Y no deadlift??
LMAO!! 2:18 killed me. so unexpected
guy looks like thor, without hair.. BEAST
Check out my channel to build a THICK natural back!
one-arm-cable-row? meh dumbbell rows are much better
SAW THIS VIDEO & SUBSCRIBED! Cause I want a thicker back & liked what I seen in this video.....#Respect
Lats*
Why do you emphasize their is more to the back than only last and then proceed to make an entire video about lat based movements and not traps or lower back?
DONT TO DRUGS!! loool
Is it normal to never get a pump in the back or get sore the day after?
3:43 Show off, taking all that weight. LOL
Same here gj guys:)
so how do you avoid forearm injuries for pull ups?
HA!      "Don't Do Drugs".
Think i just found my new back routine!  But but no Deadlifts????
next time say how may sets
if you don't do it right...
Deadlifts are awesome but it's hard to teach properly and you don't need to for a massive back, I think that's why they left it out :)
u're right. i know the bad fat is the reason that stopping 6 pack coming outside even we work out well.  Listen I heard that most of the celebrities used to follow to kill their belly using this 7 food items. i found it here bit.ly/15GrZtr?=fupgw
superb advice and the very best selected vack exercises.so few people do straight arm pulldowns but it built my zane like back
just replace one rowing exercise with it.
can deadlift be included in this workout or it will be too much..anyone please?
haha, dont do drugs... haha. haha.   i'd like to know who doesnt.
Deadlifts are done on legs days
simply great. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. i am telling you, make sure you tell the address and email properly to send the giftbox. its worth a try here  >->  bit.ly/147KmW6?=vxglmo
Lol!
hahahahahahah this is great but u cannot ditch the dead lift
why is the dead lift not included in here?
3333 like and 33  dislikes wtf
Hey there, have you experienced RushMax Muscle? (Google it) You will discover the crimes we commit against ourselves. With RushMax Muscle, you will discover how to bulk up quickly.
Anyone tried the Proladox Diet Plan (search on google)? I have heard many great things about it and my sister lost crazy amounts of weight with it.
Hello, have you seen Atomic Max Muscle? (just Google it) You will find out about the serious crimes we commit against our bodies. With Atomic Max Muscle, you will discover how to bulk up quickly.
Barbell rows, over and under hand.
I am the best. Deadlift is only for those who think they are bodybuilders. You can challenge me happy.
Give me your address you nerd.
No one needs deadlift.
yep. we must kill the bad fat and belly first to get the 6 pack.  And In a best female model 2012 exclusive interview she had mentioned about her strong abs with this 7 food items. i found it here bit.ly/17jtRE3?=mvqgw
Watched this with my girlfriend...Fuck you guys :(
saw one video and subscribed. cheers guys.
No need to be hostile but I certainly don't agree with how he meant with his comment. Deadlifts are great but they aren't for everyone. Some people simply can't do deadlifts because of disc damage in the lower back no matter how hard they try.
Loved this - thanks Buff Dude!!
Benchpress is the most dangerous exercise. Drop that 250pound bar and your face is gone
Chins, deadlifts, rows. Three most important for mass.
Hey there, have you seen Lean Body Blaster? (search for it on google) You will learn about the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Lean Body Blaster, you will discover how to burn up fat fast.
I don't deserve it
Back back back =) but nice back mate
I applied this into my workout routine and I felt like I really had a great work-out after months. Thanks buff dude.
its probably the best lower back excersice on the planet
No pain, no gain. Mix and match different exercises for your routine, but at the end of the day, you need to do WORK. No shortcuts.
Awesome, will try this tomorrow and record to share progress. Thanks
I think exercises like squats and deadlifts fall in another category.  Awesome compound exercises that workout multiple parts of your body.  Maybe that's why this video didn't include them as a "back" exercise.
You must be one dumb fuck.  The strongest guys, the powerlifters, the pros, they all deadlift.
you are right. even i was very sad since i workout well for abs but nothing was coming.  Between One of my friend working in fitness field suggested me this 7 secret food items to kill our jelly belly. i found it here bit.ly/11msaqE?=vznll
that's why retards shouldn't do the exercise
It also can make it snap and leave you with lower back problems for life. Most dangerous excersise out there.
A good workout for the back muscle
what help?
are rack pulls a good workout for building a 3D massive back and promote thoracic extension? thanks for the help
Im going to try this out asap i needed more lat exercise.
Holy fuck! He maxed out on the straight arm pull downs! This guy is making all kinds of strength gains!
you are correct. we must kill the bad fat and belly first to get the 6 pack.  Listen In a best female model 2012 exclusive interview she had mentioned about her strong abs with this 7 food items. get to know here bit.ly/18D1p6S?=vwdmo
i liked thhat vid it was full of goood information and no fluf talk and shit this is how tutorial must be ffs
Hey you're buff dude!!
Have you seen "H6x Muscle Monster?" (Go Google it) It is a quick and easy way for you to get ripped fast
lol i mean lower body as in legs. Although focus is lower, back is still worked since traps and erector spinae are part of the posterior chain.
lower back is pretty damn important and nothing works it better than deadlifts
Hey guys, I am in intermediate level.I want to gain mass.I find this workout to be perfect but i was wondering , shall i include dead lifts..if i do then with this workout there are 6 exercises which i think is much ...Any suggestion , what should i do?
well, deadlift's more of a lower body exercise
Bodybuilding going on here, not powerlifting deads don't grow shit.
Whoah, watch out everybody. We got a cyber-bully over here. Of course you don't need deadlifts if you juice up like the fucking Bitch ass loser you are.
Deadlifts make the man but they they can also break him if he's not careful, regardless of form they ultimately cause some sort of issue down the line I do them, but only every other back day
Hi there, have you heard about "MuscLeader" (just search Google)? There you can watch a useful free video showing the right way to start building noticeable lean muscle quickly while losing body fat as well. Devan and many other guys had good success by using this strategy. Perhaps it will help you also...
deadlifts hahahaha idiots
hahaha fat kibetsu
Exactly!
You can give me your address. And I will show you "how a child looks like ..."
Is that you in the photo? I think so! No more cake. Cardio is good for you. You can give me your address. Then I make you a training plan. Then you look like a man. Do you have gynecomastia? Or are you a woman? 20-30 percent body fat? 'And give me your address.
thats better for legs(mainly hamstrings) but it does hit your lower back real well
Don't do drugs!
3:47 lol that dumb as holl who works at my gym tell me its good for you chest lool ;p
go see a doctor. are you actually waitin for us to help you? asap.
Dude, for all we know, you could be an overweight 25 yr old, who just had a bad break up. Nobody gives a fuck.
guns and shields, im gonna use that
No dumbbell lat row????
It would be a shame for you not to get ripped when these other normal people do it so easily using Max Muscle Extend (Look it up on Google).
Subbed great vid, very helpful for beginners or just anyone in general who wants to get some ideas for new exercises.
Have you tried "H6x Muscle Monster?" (do a Google search for it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
You're a dumb-ass if you think deadlifts are bullshit bro... its a great full body workout and it makes your lower back strong as fuck.
Deadlifts make the man
im not skinny and i fucking love deadlifts. its definitely top 5 back workouts, you're definitely hindering yourself if you take it out from your routine
haha what
That's a joke right?
Great Back workout. If all you skinny guys are so much in love with deadlifts add them to this workout and stop crying
Deadlift = Bullshit.
No dude there are 2 ways to do them one works leg more one lower back. Marc Fitt told my this :)
Is it possible to get a thicker back without widen it?
Dont troll
Didnt they say that theyve included their own favorite exercises? Maybe a deadlift isnt one of them.
your not that big. I'm much bigger.
it works that and other areas of the back and it works them HARD
Mehh you can get a jacked back without it but they are very good for lower back.
dead lifts only work the lower portion of the erector spinae. a very small muscle group just above the gluteals
I deadlift on deadlift day.
its all a matter of how you do the exercise. if youre a powerlifter you might deadlift in a way that you build less muscle than a guy who trains rowing movements in a bodybuilder style.   but you can also deadlift in a bodybuilding style, although that means less weight and a few different thoughts on the movement in term of contraction and tension
stfu
No deadlifts? Consider changing your channel name to Puss Dudes.
the deadlift is a staple exercise I say staple because there is no other way of describing it literally. scientifically it is the only exercise of its type because the motion you go through can be classed as pendulum motion it is definitely not a back specific exercise no matter what way you cut it you cannot break it down to isolate any specific back muscle, it is a hip hinge exercise WHEN PERFORMED CORRECTLY !! ...simple principle of cog vs bos ( centre of gravity vs base of support )
i deadlift on leg day
The reason why it may be seen as not the most important exercise for back development is because of the lack of eccentric movement to really tear those fibres
um no..deadlifting is a composite workout. it works the hamstring sure, but hits the lower back hard..
youre wrong idiot
t bar doesnt even work the same part deadlifts does.
How long have you been going to the gym? When you work your arms separately, are they equally strong?
I'd like to include that different variations and execution of the deadlift hits the back differently.
It would be a shame if you did not build muscle when these other normal people accomplish it so easily using Cosmos Fat Loss (search for it on google).
im right handed man and i have this problem: when i exersice my muscles my right arm muscles look bigger than my left arm  what can i do?
t-bar row is better for back because it excludes legs...
more of a hamstring exercise
great videos guys.  i have a question what is the rep range per set with the moves you displayed
nyccc
It would be a shame if you did not get ripped when these other people are able to get ripped so easily with Ripped X Beast (Look it up on Google).
you guys are the best. all your videos give 100% explanations unlike anyone else, thank you!
Excellent tips my man
tbf you are only 210
doesn't deadlift do most of the muscles even though it hits the lower back the hardest?
is there an alternative to doing the one arm cable row if you don't go to the gym?
Sounds good and all but I don't do roofs, so I'm out.
You guys make awesome videos man!! The sense of humor, i love it bro!! Lol
Thanks a lot !
do you guys rent out the gym?
deadlifts should be first, no questions.
i'm pretty sure he does deadlifts too... he has a video on how to perform a deadlift properly... these workouts isolate the back a little more
best back video!
I sure they're should be done on a different day... ex: if you train back twice a week, one workout will be heavier than the other or will focus more on different parts of the back... ex: lower back (dead-lifts weighted hyper extension) if you were to fit everything in one video imagine all the newbies setting themselves up for failure by over doing it...
It would be a shame if you did not bulk up when these people are able to bulk up  easily using H6x Muscle Monster (search for it on Google).
exactly what i was thinking!!
Great video :)
I love this vid and you sir just got another subscriber.
Great back workout!
Awesome Video very detail.
stiff legged deadlifts yea but proper deadlifts builds nasty backs
Great video dude and as usual your knowledge you share is priceless and on point. Thanks man!!!
Better for legs
Yea good one...
No deadlifts?
Ok dumbass.
They're called what ever the hell you want to call them.
Nothing for the lower back?
Deadlifts are great for lower back forearms but not the greatest excercise for a big back.
Reverse Grip Bent Over Row? Theyre called Yates rows.
Maybe for your goal, but it's better to fill up your routine with stuff to be able to alternate from workout to workout and not make the body used to the same excersises.
subbed, you guys are good.
The deadlift hits the lower back extremely hard. Just because it also hits the legs and glutes hard doesn't take away it's function for building the back, just like the fact a pull up hits the biceps and shoulders fairly heftily doesn't stop that from being regarded as a back exercise. Many people deadlift on back day as opposed to leg day, myself included.
Tooosheee
Ofcourse you will die anyway but i didnt want to write that because its freaking obvious, but you die later.. You are being very narrow minded, i do not hate or such on people who are using drugs i think its fine it their choice, but i hate when people ONLY care about their gains and shit, its just muscles and looks, living a long ´healthy life is way more important in my eyes, not trying to start a fight or anything :)
Yo man post some of your daily diet!
yes but so is deadlifts, seriously one could achive such a nice back with just deads but the exercises you said are awesome aswell
no but they ruin your health which is more important, please realise that one day you are actually going to die, think about it.
It would be a shame for you not to get ripped when other people are able to get ripped so easily with "Six Pack Strike" (search for it on Google).
dont do them
T-bar rows barbell rows Weighted pull ups is all you need.
i think he does deads on leg day
yes he does...just check his videos
such a great channel, love the editing
Wrong. That is not a back specific exercise.
He was probably doing the video really early in the morning or late in the nights. Thats what i believe, and therefore not sp many people in the gym :)
They have done a pullup tutorial
have you seen chris jones from pog? he has the widest back ive ever seen, and he doesn't deadlift
The most dangerous and not even necesary,good only for getting big back,not shredded.
I wish my gym was as empty as yours
Hi BUFF dudes, Love your videos! Can you guys do a tutorials on pull-ups? For people who have never done pull-ups and/or don't know to start doing them?
You just made my workout program
Triceps also involved in straight arm pull downs
reps*
how many rep should we do with the first exercise?
I love you Buff Dudes!!
if you struggle with chinups/pullups you can try doing negative only reps by standing on a chair or bench. Just jump to the top of the movement off the bench and then slowly lower yourself.  Also, employing an underhand, or even better, a neutral grip (palms facing each other) will put your arms in a stronger position.
A lot of people do deadlifts when training legs because of it's emphasis on the posterior chain (glutes, hams) and not on back day, although i usually do them with back, but i don't go superheavy on them.
Snap lifts? No thank you sur!
Where is your muscle shield?
you are right. even i was very sad since i workout well for abs but nothing was coming.  btw!but ye Do you know about the 7 odd foods that kill belly fat if you don't know about them you must see this. if you are serious go for it now bit.ly/12nHKxZ?=cwdge
What about lower back?
Your videos are awesome. I love them. Good Job. Regards~India
It would be a shame if you did not get ripped when other normal people get ripped so easily with H6x Muscle Monster (Look it up on Google).
He does them on leg day
He should be the one to play Oliver Queen in "Arrow" series...
This guy is clearly natural aswell
Dude I respect u 100g
As you can see, it works for him. Hes giving you tips through his own video. MAKE YOUR OWN FUCKING VIDEO.
should i do all of them in one back day? or just 3 of them?
Thanks man I guess no pain no gain we have to struggle with this just because we are tall and sexy :D
This guy is funny. Cool vid as well.
DEADLIFTS ARE THE BEST!!
No, I would whole heartedly recommend deadlifts to anyone and everyone, I'm just saying that you can build a big back without them. Just same as people can get big legs without doing squats, but I would definitely recommend squats.
Thanks man I will do that, but it's weird because I am not weak or anything but I just can' manage a pull up lol thanks anyway!
However, in terms of bodybuilding, you can build a big back without doing deadlifts. I personally wouldn't recommend it because I fuckin' love deadlifts! But each to their own, I guess.
He forgot the most important back exercise, deadlifts.....
they probably don't want to recommend it to people because its a bit dangerous. Definitely something I'd do with a professional by my side
Guys help me out I can only chin up I can't pull up I think it's because of my weak left arm ?
My family laughed when I told them I was going to build muscle with "Max Muscle Extend", but then they saw the results. Do a search on Google for Max Muscle Extend to see their reaction.
pff fuck off...Go to the gym, no steroids.
If you have been trying to build muscle, you should do a Google search "Ripped Max Stagger". You are bound to get the body you deserve.
can you tell me where is that place
Is one arm row with the dumbell the same as the cable rows?
sure is right. we must kill the bad fat and belly first to get the 6 pack.  Listen One of my friend working in fitness field suggested me this 7 secret food items to kill our jelly belly. you can watch out here  ->    bit.ly/15WlSi9?=opwez
did you use any steroids before
Have you seen "Smashing Ripped X?" (Go Google it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
I've been doing this BACK WORKOUT for the last few weeks and it kicks ass!!! I can feel the burn throughout my whole back...Thanks DUDES....keep those vids coming!!! Kudoss!!!!
deadlifts trains your whole back, not only the lower!
"don't use drugs" thx mr.buff dude
Thanks again man. "Not bad at all" seems great to me because I designed it myself and I'm no pro lol but i will give your tips serous thought it's just because I workout t home and my equipment limits the range of workouts I can do , but I will try my best. Thanks alot man, I appreciate the help.
That's not bad at all man,.Remember,there are tons of different movements that work the back..Your best bet is to switch them up each week...Your back routine is not bad,but its not great..Watch some of these videos for different back workouts and try them..Sometimes,i hit back twice a week..One day I focus more on rowing and the other I focus more on pull downs..Also,when you do pull downs,make sure to always be switching you hand grip up!!
he is not correct and neither are you.  The way to hit different parts of the back is to variate exercises(eg, overhand rows vs underhand grip rows), variating the angles is not advisable and doesn't change which muscles are working.  just widening your grip beyond your natural stance to hit more lats puts strain on your shoulders and leads to injury.  good luck with the lats
i worked at an enviroment where i lift heavy stuff and my back hurts is dat because my back muscle is weak!?
ummm aren't you forgetting the lower back? at least i do lower back with my back.... do you do it on another day orso?
Brandon, here are a few tips to help. 1 - Don't go longer than 60 minutes! If it takes longer your resting WAY too long. 2 - Eat more, especially protein. Rule of thumb: each pound of weight = an ounce of protein per day. 3 - Lift big to get big. 4 - WARM UP PROPERLY! Injuries suck. 5 - Remember, it takes LOTS of time to get huge, so don't worry. Peace.
Dont do every muscle group every day, U definitely need to split thm up also the nutrition, depending on your goals it varies but low carb high protein diet is a must and you need to go through a diet phase cutting out all the junk like a cookie or beer once in a while. U sound like you need more guidance, I would recommend bodybuilding dotcom, I am not trying to advertise them, the reason I mentioned is that they have great plans that you can follow.See Kris Gethin's 3 month trainer,changed me.
i feel like working out is doing me no good. dumb right? im at the gym 2 hours a day working different muscle groups everyday. iv been doin it for 6 months and zero changes. same muscle weight percent and same body fat percent like wtf :'(
Have you experienced "Max Muscle Extend?" (check it out on Google) It is a quick and easy way for you to get ripped fast.
My family laughed when I told them I was going to get ripped with "Max Muscle Extend", but then I showed them the results. Do a search on Google for Max Muscle Extend to see their reaction.
My coworkers laughed when I told them I was going to get ripped with "Max Muscle Extend", but then they saw the results. Do a search on Google for Max Muscle Extend to see their reaction. (It was epic!)
I have a question if I may and I will be really grateful if you answer it. I do T-bar rows,Reverse dumbbell-flys(You know the one that really works the rear deltoids, I'm saying this because Idk the name precisely) ,Bent over Dumbbell rows ,Dumbbell pull-overs then Barbell shrugs then finally Wide grip pull-ups, do you think this is enough for the back? I don't do dead-lifts these days because I had a sleight back injury. Thank you, I really appreciate the help.
yeah. even i was very sad since i workout well for abs but nothing was coming.  Between My international body building trainer also recommended this 7 food elements to kill your fat belly. have a look here  -->    bit.ly/11W24MA?=fsnfb
Just bring the barbell to your shin if you want to just work your lower back.
Guys,deadlifts are a good exercise overall but,They put lots of focus on other muscles.We are looking to train back here!,I have not done dead lifts in years.Uf you wann atrain lower back,do hyper extentions with weight..Also,for me,for most back excersises I like to use a neutral grip.Use a neutral grip bar for lat pulldowns,and for seated rows,also for bend over rows..Over hand grip puts way too much on your bie's.When I train a certain muscle group I like to iosolate as much as possible
You are correct. But if you use closegrip you will train more of the middle. Closegrip = middleback Widegrip = sideback
No deadlift????
lumbar?
Rack pulls FTW!!!
I usually get a good chest pump from it lol
True.....I usually just us it for legs and lower.
Correct...........I just say lower because you usually do bent over rows, and other various rowing exercises for upper and middle back?!
As it's a compound movement you could argue that it would actually benefit most of your body and also more than just the lower part on your back.
upper and lower my friend, traps are are also involved!
put on a shirt bro...i dont want my dad walking in and seeing this lol
Buff dudes if i am doing assisted pull ups does that still help
to
Those arms!! Respect!
best video ever about back workouts... for lower just do hypertrophy back extension or deadlift
All of it
If you are a serious lifter that trains several times a week I would advise to split the backexercises in two days. Day1 should focus on lower back (deadlift) and on the middle of the back (pull-ups). Day2 should consist of training the latisimus dorsi (lats). You can train them with the lat-pulldown, bend over rows (Google that shit). Hope this helps for beginners too.
You should mix the order up to surprise your muscles. That will get you the most growth and gains. This should be appliedd to every musclegroup and not only the back. Good luck
In what order should i do the exercises for the back ?
Hello, have you tried "Musclegend" (look on Google)? There you will find a great free video featuring the best way to start building noteworthy  lean muscle  fast whilst losing body fat as well. Brian is one of the countless guys that enjoyed good success making use of this technique. Perhaps it will help you out also...
Well.. what you do..i do also for ... 6 years.. and being 23 (years old).. im actually :P big.. so keep it up the videos. Good advices to beginners.
how many sets/reps
great video as always
On the pullups, after I max out, I can still do 10 or 15 to the halfway mark, but getting past that is pretty difficult.  Are there exercises I can do to focus on getting more balanced strength wise here?
Awesome
What do you recommend on sets and reps for each exercise on back day?
Even when i do good form dead lift i get aches on y back the next day.  Is that a good thing? and i only use 45 lb bar
this is couldn't get any better  .. thank,you and keep up  the good work ...
what about for the upper back?
Overrated? You meant underrated didn't you?
fucking titty twisting christ I forgot to do deadlifts today *grabs lifting belt, hulk smashes through window, runs to gym*
try it out yourself
Just subscribed and i think this is a great channel that is just so overrated,keep on the good videos guys! :)
So I have pretty good-sized traps and shredded upper back but I can't seem to target my lats. I try to make sure I'm pulling with my lats or at least initiating the motion with them when I do rows and pulldowns but I'm almost positive my rhomboids are doing most of the work. Help! My large traps and nonexistent lats make me look scrawny and awkward
NOW NOW NOW
It works youre whole back if you do it correctly. Its a very underated exercise
From personal experience, you get all kinds of strength gains!
i bet theres no problem with it sense its working on your lower back - your already working on your back there should be no problem
for most of the people out there you should also know just because you feel an ach after a workout on your lower back or all around doesnt mean your injured                                             ((( inless its not propper form )))  you should learn to do proper form with light  before you try any of this with higher weights before you truly injure yourself - if its your first 2 weeks and your going hard at your workout youll feel it more then any other time... now for trollers im ready...
Could you name three exercises that I could to for a complete back workout.  I was thinking of doing the bent over barbell rows, then the weighted chins and finish off with the lat pulldown or single cable rows.  Any suggestions?  Thanks
You should do a video about traps
you look like thor
No, not exactly true. The entire back; with traps and lower back as main components in the back. But still, the main focus of deadlift is supposed to be glutes (see videos of elliot hulse) and after that come the hamstrings and lower back.
this guy is steroids free right?
lats
thaNKs for your videos, i worked out 4 years but i still learn more content from your channel :) very professional information!
Deadlifts???
Good explanation, I would suggest doing the last exercise on your knees
I thought I recognized you... you were on the muscle and performance mag from Vshoppe!
Hello there, have  you considered  ｈｔｔｐ://ｍｕｓｃｌｅｇｅｎｄ.ｃｏｍ ? Just visit their web address at  ｈｔｔｐ://ｍｕｓｃｌｅｇｅｎｄ.ｃｏｍ  There you will find a great free video featuring the way to pack on noticeable muscle easily. It made it easier for Brandon to overcome his muscle development stagnation and consequently pack on chiseled lean body mass without fat very quickly. I hope it helps you as well.
the lower........
i just found these,im showing them to everyone, not to mention when u flicked off that lambo in that one vid i almost died haha scumbags! keep up the good work!
If you are looking to lose fat fast, you should search google for Shape X Booster. They can guide you and help you get the body you deserve.
overall and lower
thanks! now i can make a solid back routine
Buff dudes, what is your opinion on incorporating dead lifts on back day?
Hey YouTubers, have you seen Atomic Max Muscle? (search for it on Google) You will discover the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Atomic Max Muscle, you will discover how to bulk up quickly.
It would be a shame for you not to bulk up when these people are able to build muscle so easily using Elite Muscle Formula (Google it).
nICE vid dudes, what about dead liftsand hyperextentions for that lower back?
great channel! got yourselves a new subscriber!
ooo man ido drugsss 8( ooo well got done with my work out going to go smoke a bowl and eat sum chicken lol
pretty sure he is mate
Wish I could have you as a personal trainer! I dont know when or where to start off!
what?? No Dead lift? Why?
this guys are fucking badass!! epic videos!
but bro, you natty ?
Is it okay if i replace pull up to pull down ? I can really get a good form in pull up.
I'm definitely going to try this on my next back day.  I already do some of those exercises, but it looks like a solid program, so I will give it a shot.
great information subbed !
*subscribed* =)
I don't know how body builders do it.... if I didn't deadlift and clean/snatch i'd have a miserable time in the gym
lol
when i do straight arm pull downs i dont feel that it takes in the lat, and yes i do have my arms straight.
Grwat vid
Hey there, have you discovered Max Muscle Extend? (just Google it) You will find out about the crimes we commit against our bodies. With Max Muscle Extend, you will discover how to get ripped fast.
If you have been trying to build muscle, you should do a Google search "Epic Max Muscle". That can help you get the body you deserve.
you guys have the best editing in the fitness community in youtube. Very cool
great videos guys
hey buff dudes if I can't do pull ups should I just do those 4
Have you experienced Max Muscle Method? (Google it) It is a quick way for you to build muscle fast.
I think the buff dudes are actually bigger than the hodgetwins
Awsome video with great info and shows technique as well, boss shit.
Damn bro! Nice video's! To bad i didnt found your channel earler :)
this guys is pretty awsome    a kewl funny buff guy who is white like me! great info thanks
so is it okay to do all these on back day? lol
Hello, have you heard about Morsch Muscle Madness? (Go Google it) You will find out about the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Morsch Muscle Madness, you will discover how to get ripped quickly.
You guys should make a dvd!!!!!
Nevermind I missed it
T-Bar Rows are for middle back thickness right?
nah dawg thats midweight for him for sure, im half his size 190 and 5'10" thats my tricep pushdown
dont do drugs!  (except steroids)
It would be a shame for you not to build muscle when normal people accomplish it so easily using Atomic Max Muscle (check it out on Google).
If you are looking to build muscle, you should do a Google search "MAD Ripped Muscle". They can guide you and help you get the body you deserve.
Great video! Awesome Advice!
Please make workout plans I have no idea how to make one!
Thanks man!
Hey Zach! We got one, it's /buffdudes
make a facebook page
pussy
Yoo good stuff man!!
So if we apply the same logic to the chest muscle... Doing incline and flat presses is a waste of time because its just working the same muscle. Also doing cable flys from different angles is a waste of time, because you may as well just do one single angle as its just working the same muscle.  Errrr idiot.
haha "Dont do drugs!"
you dont have lower lats, you just have a lat. you cant isolate an upper or lower part. if your lat inserts high you cant lengthen it and make it go lower.
Make a ab routine video plssss ! Thumbs up so the BuffDudes can see :D
me too
Buff Dudes! great advice
Hi j4yyy, thanks for the question! Yes, our routines will usually consist of 5 different exercises per muscle group. The first exercise we'll start out with a warm up/feel out set and continue with 4 "working sets" and each exersice will follow with 4 working sets, ranging from 12-8 reps. If you would like to stress the back more than dont be shy to increase the number of exercises for the particular muscle group in mind. Hope this helped!
Im glad you like our back program pizdecki, thanks! Yes definitely, the erector spinae muscles are used as a stabilizer muscle in a lot of exercises, particularly back. When the erector spinae is in a isomectric hold to help stabilize the spine, it is natural to feel a slight burn due to the lactic acid build up.
Hi skoradia, thanks! Yes seated cable rows (close grip) will mimic the t-bar rows when wanting to build middle back thickness. Thanks for the kind words and watching our video!
The weight your using for standing pull downs in absolutely ridiculous!
I subbed great information tnx man
Whats his height weight he looks 6'2
Hey Brandon! Great Vids! Im a big fan. I tried the workout and felt amazing but i didnt really like the t-bar rows. Could i substitute them with the close grip cable rows? thanks
What he wanted to say was " smoke weed kids, lots and lots of weed"
Hello, have you tried "Musclegends" (look on Google)? There you can watch a good free video demonstrating the way to pack on visible muscle quickly. This helped Devan to overcome his muscle development plateau and thus pack on chiseled lean muscle mass free of fat fast. It might help you out as well...
Thank you for the eye candy.
Thats a rack pull.
que buen video.
why not do them on leg day? its not like deadlifts are being left out
Yes, you will feel it at the bottom of the movement. It works the chest and triceps after the lats, since you need to maintain your arm straight
excuses, excuses. Deadlifts deserve a place in any back routine.
then explain to me why my entire back is sore including my damn traps after every dead-lift day?  when it comes to thickness it's all about dead-lifts and horizontal rows.  when it comes to width then it's all about weighted pull ups like u mentioned.
Thanks Buff dudes! Tried another workout of yours today. T-bar Row is my new favourite back excersise. :D  Is it normal that some of excersises you shown work on lower back, because I definitely felt that there too.
Hey Buff Dudes, I was actually wondering, would you consider the 5 exercises you're recommending a full workout, or do  you do other warm-ups/burn-outs/exercises to complete a full workout?
sexy
subbed
wether it be person who posted this video or just someone from the comments list, can someone please give me an answer as to where it is that i should start if i want to begin to build muscle. so many different sources on the internet that its hard for me to find out and im having trouble staying motivated because of it. i know i need to first increase my knowledge as far as the nutrition and what works what goes but what work outs to do and things like that im having trouble finding out.
i am pretty sure bent over rows work upper back and lats
@Chris RockOn add more weight lol
too many 18 year old kids who read some bull shit articles on the internet wrote by fat 40 year old powerlifters think deadlifts are what give you a big back. not true, deadlifts are great for general body strength but it is a hip extension exercise, it works the lower body. the spinal erectors stabilise you during the lift and your upper back and lats really are not worked at all.
Thanks man! Learned several new exercises in this video gonna try them out today.
great video man
Excellent video. Thanks.
"dont do drugs" haha love that :L
Attention! Be carefull when doing T bar row. Is great but you can injure your Penis. Gonna hurt if you do trust me. Used to hit my penis with the bar 2 days ago.
great video guys! subbed! i love the way u explain everything and put some notes on the video! good job
Is it normal that I can't do those pulldown because when I'm using a weight that is good for me, my feet are always going of the ground and that sucks. I don'T know if you can picture what I'm saying, but if you do some advices would be good. Thanks !
im really confuse! is the long hair dude and you the same person? ( you just cut ur hair) or are u different person? haha to me you 2 look alike
Do you guys do any bicep work after hitting back?
You guys are HUGE. are you natural? be honest  :)
3:45 if you ain't stackin', you ain't mackin' .. shout out POG
tried reverse grip bent over for the first time after watching this vid,felt amazing!! only problem is i work ea bodypart twice a week so i cant do 5 different exercises in a workout,how would you recommend i split the 5 exercises between 2 workout?
Hard to say whats "too many" sets. I definitely agree with high volume workouts. The more the better in my opinion. Ever heard the saying "there is no over training, just under eating and under resting."? Well, that can be the case for some individuals, but not always. Sometimes you just have to go off what your body tells you.
Thanks Scott! Figured it would be easier to visualize what I meant by just calling them "half deadlifts". Appreciate the correction though!
Half Deadlifts are called Rack Pulls :P
pog sent me here!!!cool  channel
Some more derps who think that you can target lower lats? Goddamn :/
Great video, subbed. Shoutout to Chris Jones for helping me discover you.
Hey Buff Dudes, great videos, please check out my channel for more workouts
How many sets is too many I do 18 sets nothing but compound movements.
gooood fucking channel .. i just subscribed myself and i feel kinda sorry that i didn't find you guys earlier
This channel should be way more popular. Been looking through your guys videos for the past couple days and you guys are really entertaining and put good effort into your videos. Keep it up Buff Dudes!
Nice videos
your too big to be aesthetic even though i'm a mass monster fan not a aesthetic
Kay, that is great to hear! Glad the exercises worked out for you. Thanks for the kind words, we're working on the Shoulders vid now!
just subbed
:D That weight is obviously too heavy for me. Thanks for the advice man.
cool , i fucking love when you people respond to my comment,btw im 6'5 230 pounds and wonna look like you!!WANNA BE BUFF!!!
No hodgetwins are the best.
Hi Motion, here's my response from the few other people who've asked the same Q: Deadlifts are a great compound movement that will put some stress on the back, but a majority is on the hamstings and gluts. If you want to stress the back more I would suggest doing "half deadlifts". Go to the squat rack and put the spotter bars about knee high and preform just how you would do a regular DL, but now your only completing the latter half of the motion and focusing on back.
Deadlifts are a great compound movement that will put some stress on the back, but a majority is on the hamstings and gluts. If you want to stress the back more I would suggest doing "half deadlifts". Go to the squat rack and put the spotter bars about knee high and preform just how you would do a regular DL, but now your only completing the latter half of the motion and focusing on back.
Thanks!
Hah! Hey, the park's a great shooting location.
We just shot Shoulders but Chest is coming up right after!
I wouldn't suggest it with the weight used in the video, but doing light T-Bar rows is definitely safe at 16.
Hey Tom, I'm just a bit under 6'2".
Awesome, glad you like them! More on the way, Shoulders coming up next!
I just got lucky and saw your video on the side while watching an ogus video. awesome stuff so far, great job guys.
Why no deadlift its the king of back excercises
HODGE TWINS WING FLYES!!
Yeah just don't hurt yourself
Deadlifts foo
Dude you bufff as shit hence the cocky name loooool
Sure you can!
They have a day for compound movements fucktard.
hi guys great videos , how tall are you btw?
Can I do T-bar rows if I'm just 16?
nice video
LOL this video is not that bad and not full of shit either. I was watching to see which parent was going to confront you for filming at their childs baseball game. Pedobear be hiding behind your shields :)
I suggest you do wide-grip lat pulldown.
looks like sabretooth from xmen origins
Very nice edited and great informative video.
POG BROUGHT ME HERE !!  Great vid mann  !!
You got yourselves a new sub! Awesome vid, and you guys look great!
these guys know their anatomy, which i like. "science mother fuckers"
Awesome editing :) finally somebody mentions rows for width....
Great video. Excellent editing. Keep it up guys.
POG sent me here
you guys gotta do a chest workout video and if you guys did i cant find it lol... make another one!!!!
he's probably thor's stunt double
love the title LOL
pog dawg!
You gained over 2k subs overnight holy s**t guys
What about Lat Pulldowns ?
Definitely think you channel will be the next big thing on YouTube. Keep it up... I have suscribed
hodge twins wing flies* 3:30
POG SENT ME SUBSCRIBED
Momentum is never a good thing when lifting weights, so I wouldn't encourage it. I do believe in controlled momentum, allowing your muscles (although not fully contracted) to control the weight in a faster motion than normal, letting you get a few extra reps with heavy weight. Thanks for the comment, and I hope this answered your question iddicted!
What I would recommend is 4 sets per exercise and in the rep range of 10 - 12 keeping you in hypertrophy. This kind of program would be known as "high volume" training. Ive got the best results with this kind of training and I always highly recommend it. This kind of workout will totally deplete your glycogen stores so I would suggest having around 40 grams of simple sugars (depending on your muscle mass) along with your post workout protein. Hoped this helped bobmatters!
Deadlifts are a great compound movement that will put some stress on the back, but a majority is on the hamstings and gluts. If you want to stress the back more I would suggest doing "half deadlifts". Go to the squat rack and put the spotter bars about knee high and preform just how you would do a regular DL, but now your only completing the latter half of the motion and focusing on back. Its good to go heavy as shit on these too! Hoped this answered your question Johnthepyro932.
ugh I want to marry you
they already did
this video is so well organized and descriptive
More videos do a biceps and triceps vid
Good video with explanation of muscles used. Looking forward to future episodes! Subbed! Oh yeah P.O.G sent me
POG IN THIS BITCCCHHHH .......
The POG army is swarming this bitch!
Awesome videos and channel. Thanks Chris Jones for sending me this way!
POG is in this bitch
subbed, thanks to POG baby
subscribed POG!
Good video
Pog sent me, loving the bid. Subbd
quality stuff as always
t bar rows are the best
Nice!
Pog
how to build roid muncher traps????
POG ARMY IN THIS BITCH
Subbed.
Better recognize POG for putting you on the map.
POG SENT ME HERE FROM FACBOOK SUPER SUBBED.
Yo, Saw your videos and i have been amazed. Insta subscribe. awesome videos
POG SENT ME
pog sent me here. great vid bro
physiques of greatness sent me, good stuff... I def. Subbed!
Nice video man
POG ARMY UP IN THIS BITCH !!!
POG
POG ARMY IN THE BUILDING !!!
Making all kindzzz of gainzzz....    all kindzzz yeeaaahhhhh!!!
pog
same here
noice
POG sent me, subbed.
Subbed bro! I am actually doing your suggested exercises already and saw this vid I was like this dude knows his stuff.
Whats with Deadlifts?
POGarmy up in this bitch, supped because of swole, you're awesome!
What about Deadlifts? Are they more of a lower body movement or do they also target your back?
Subbed ! Great video guys keep it up!
POG!1
Awesome, Subbed
Yo, this is a great video man!
POG
Great vid POG sent me
POG :)
POG
great vid..POG sent me
POG Army!!!!!
POGGGGG in this bitch, great channel
Chris jones and Vince G!
POG!
P.O.G
POG Army!!!
POG Baby!!
POG army!
pog army
the POG ARMY SALUTES YOU!
POG SENT ME HERE!!
Deadliftzzzzzz
POG sent me, and i subbed. Nice editing and veryyyyy descriptive and informative
POG sent me, you got one more sub guys, great videos ;)
POG sent me here! and I find this channel interesting and may help me in the future so i SUBBED!
POG ALL DAY.. Subbed
Worth subscribing
How the fuck do I sub from my android!
How many sets and reps per exercise?
great video, glad POG mentioned you. subbed
U kno who it is!
What about deadlifts?
Pog sent me here and I don't comment often but this channel is LEGIT when I seen how the form was done along with physique subbed right away great channel.
You guys are the shit !! POG ARMY BABY!!!
POG
it aint easy being a buff dude lmao
Your guns.  And your shield.     Dont do drugs. XD subscribed
great channel! can definetely see your channel grow really big. can you guys do a 'how to do pullups'?
whsts good youtubeeeeeee... ya know who it isssss.....
Awesome channel dude. POG sent me.
POG sent me and you are fucking amazing
Make video with POG
Subscribed!
awesome info and editing! POG sent me, subbed!
i'm very surprised u didn't ad the king of back mass dumbells bent over rows
POG sent me you are raw as fuck
Great video man. You deffinately deserve more views!! Subscribed!! Now make a work out video with POG!!!! Buff Dude's get chicks newd!
PPOOOGGGG !!!!
Good video!
POG sent me
The POG army has arrived!
POG sent me as well. Great channel.
HAHA. This channel is cool. love the FXs. subscribed..
POG sent me here! SUBSCRIBED!
POG sent me, great channel guys
Straight Arm Pull-Downs a.k.a Hodgetwin Wing Flys haha. Great video!
POG Army sent me!
Subscribed! Sooo good bro
subbed for mooaaaarrr
All of this + deadlifts for me :)
SUBBED BROTHA, we want MOREEEEE
good video love it
you sir deserve more views!
Just saw this video from chris jones facebook of pog and love the style of the video and good sweet straight to point info I have a lot if vids to watch from thus channel cause you have a new sub
pog sent me here
Pog sent me!
Thanks for taking the time to reply!  I watch a vid first thing every morning now to get me motivated!  Ever thought of doing a vid that introduces the individual buff dudes? Gives us a little info on each, like training time, stats, and a little goofing about from each?  Always good to get the audience invested in the presenters :)
Great editing and video quality. Very professional.
subscribed. POG sent me here
Came here from POG stayed because this shit is the shit
suscribed
is there much of a difference between chin ups and pull ups for the lat development ?
Sent by the Mr. BEAST mode. Subscribed as a favor to myself
POG!!
WOW. God damn subscribed.
POG Army here! Great vid dudes
POG hooked me up with your channel, subbed right away
Chris Jones got me here!
Chris Jones sent me
POG army. in 4 subs
Subbed thanks to POG!
I have a question: I am slowly recovering from a shoulder impingement problem and I have trouble with my pull ups because it stresses my shoulder. Which of these exercises minimize stress on my shoulder and target my back?
POG Army! I'm now a subscriber! Thanks for the vid!
POG ARMY coming through!!!!
Can I do one arm seated machine rows instead of the one arm seated cable rows?
Nice video!
glad I came across this. Great vid!
Palestinian Ops Group sent me here.
POG Army!! Great Vid!!! Keep em workout vids coming!
Been subbed since the Bi and Tri vids and just saw CJ's shoutout, I feel cool.  Well deserved shoutout, keep it up B.U.F.F. dudes.
mirin. subbed
POG army.
POG Army coming through!!!!!
good job on the video! haha great detail and explanations. funny stuff too =] keep em coming
Yes!! Another fitness channel to watch during my study breaks. Thanks for the help!! :D
POG sent me here!!!
yo dude ur buff lol...oh and just curious how tall you are man? subbed by the way nice video!
pog sent me.... subbed
POG ARMY
POG sent me
New sub here, Liking this channel dudes- Keep it up!
POG
lower back... :D
I see why Chris liked your shit,,subbed!
How tall are u guys
thank god i found ur channel.....awesome stuff....really ! i subbed !
Greetings Cymonster! Glad you liked it!
Appreciate it Radiogeek! That drives us to keep making the best videos we can!
Thanks Coco!!
Thank you Cubanned!
Thanks Churde! We're definitely trying. ;-) Until that happens, we'll just keep pumping out the best vids we can!
Hi Fermyr. I started working out at 16 but started taking it seriously at 19. That makes it about 8 years now.
Thanks!!
Hey tbip! No, we're definitely not going to abandon our goofy side. I think for this video we just had a lot of info. we wanted to get out there and we like to try and wrap our vids up before the 5 minute mark so they don't seem to long winded. We've got two new Food episodes coming up and they'll be very similar to the rest!
A cheat day video is a great idea and would be a lot of fun. We'll definitely get to work on it!
That means a lot to us, thank you! Many more on the way!
No deadlifts no care
Yo brandon you guys are the bestbur vids are the best ur like family to me kniw lolz u guys vids never let me down I got one huge favir I wanna ask for u guys remember how I told u bout my basketball carreer well sense u guys are experts in fitness can u show me workouts I can do to jump higher ill take anything u have to bring to the table u guys are the buff dudes I know u can help me wit my situation thank u buff dudes
This is great  thanks a lot buff dude
The supinated grip allows more focus on the lower lat insertion and biceps. The pronated grip (palms facing the ground) will focus on the upper portion of the back/lats, traps, posterior delts, teres major/minor, romboids and brachioradialis/brachialis. I hope this answered your question Mat388.
Love your vids mate, but this one seems quite serious.  Is there a change in tone from now on to a more serious style?
nice video man ! so why did u cut ur hair ;P...  looking forward for chest video!
Why the reverse grip on Bent-Over row? I always did it with my palms facing the ground....is there a significant difference between the two grips for this exercise?
These videos are awesome! Keep them coming!
y u cut ur hair ;/
YOUR THOR HAIR IS GONE!!! OMG
Mirin'. Liking these body part split videos. Keep it BuffBrahs.
man start spreading your facebook/twitter/google+/instagram whatever. you guys deserve tons more subs
I love your damn vids!!!!!!!
ur hair! ur golden mane is gone!
Loving the style of Buff Dudes, educational, funny and well elaborated. Especially good for the beginner-intermediate bodybuilder. So happy to have came across them!
Buff Dudes = Win
Nice video
in
Loved the vid guys. As good as ever
