Updated build video and new plans!! Check it out! https://youtu.be/isiLRtJlUso
Why not use the cnc to cut the whole thing accurately and quickly?
Step 1.  Get workshop
Do you sell these?
Super travail. Fais juste attention de bien protéger tes poumons car le mdf est très cancérigène.
Man, love your work and loved the way you involve your kid into the process. Pretty neat. Thanks for sharing.
Wait, so a pi can run mario 64? What about other 64 and ps1 games? I thought those were too weak to do anything in that era decent.
Downloaded the plans. The dims are weird. 45.4 mm deep. Thats 1.5 inches
As much as I enjoy these vids not everybody has fancy workshops. Would like to see a more realistic vid where someone is using basic tools.
you motherfucker, show me how to connect the arcade controllers to the raspberry pi now!
Love the video! Looking into making one of these. What capacity of RAM did you buy your raspberry pi with? It seems like there are options of 1GB, 2GB, 4GB, and 8. I don’t want to buy one that can’t properly run games! Thanks in advance!
Superb Video, I'm inspired to bulld one now 👍
Beautiful video, thank you!
Nico me suscribí a tu canal
I rather buy one, then do it myself because I would probably end up using more money that way. Cool idea though!
The CNC art is friggin' off the chain...it will last forever. Very nice build! I'd love to see what you do with a full size cabinet build. Cheers!
Nice video but for the average person who doesn't have all those expensive tools and a workshop it can be quite difficult to build something like this.
You need a vacuum on that table saw 😅 I’m gonna try and make one of these without a table saw. Circular saw, jig saw, clamps, straight edges
amazing the beautiful stuff that one can turn out when they're in a shop with proper tools. I'm in an apartment :(
What a joy to watch. Thank you. Great video. This is exactly how I would do my cabinet if I had a fully equipped carpenters workshop. Sigh.
Couldn't you use the cnc to cut out every part of the arcade?
Very nice cabinet.  Great build.  got a like and a subscription.
iF i Paid You For it , Could You Build Me a BOWLING PiNSETTER , SHiPPiNG included???
Hey, Mike. I really do need your help. I bought an old arcade machine that used to be "Burger Time" from the 80's. The guy that I bought it from took out the old computer and the old CRT screen. He put in a raspberry pi and a computer monitor. I would like to add more games to it, as it already has almost 60 games on it.  How do I go by adding more games to it, and where would I find the games at??? Can or will you please help me with this??  I would love to add a lot more games from the 80's and 90's on it.
Man there's a lot of dildos in the comments. Dude you did a great job i don't understand the hate! Keep it up dude!
Inspiring! I can do some basic woodwork, and I’ve fiddled around with Arduinos… could be my next project 😊
Loved the whole video, fantastic work!
I love you Arcade games boss attack
Love the music selection
nice work man hope to have the dimensions for the cabinet using 15" , 17" MONITOR what should i change ? thanks
Sool cool brother 😎
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
bro a zero delay board is like 8 bucks
I built a single player cabinet. will raspberry pi work. I was told only for 2 player
Great video
I've seen some people making very sloppy bartops....they just slid the monitor in there without making a bezel to frame it around.
Why did you make the bezel too big..I hope you didn't block out a huge portion of the screen...
I can't find a 1 player bartop arcade out there that also has a spinner and a trackball.
Can i use different monitor?
Do anyone here know the name of old ninja game say hopa when do magic as he can become twice the game look such shinobi plzzz
What is the cost of this?  Thinking about doing this at a school I work at.
Ye I don`t have a massive workshop
the songs reminds me of shark tank a lot!
Can you provide a link for the t nuts and bolts please
13:49
Is it possible to use a small motherboard inside the cabinet?
has any lag gotten better with these games? or at least barely noticeable?
I want to make one of these for my older game console that I have in my garage
Awesome and now I'm subscribing!  Thank you for your encouragement.
Can these play mortal kombat 2 player? Or will it need more than 6 buttons?
Do you sell these machines ?
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👏👏👏👏👏❤️
Oh to have a workshop full of professional equipment at the ready (I think to myself as I look forlornly at to 3 or 4 basic pieces of equipment in my garage).
Nice :)
Great job! All you need is some cup holders and your good
Personally i wouldve ordered the buttons to match the colors of a neo geo machine
Anyone from Western Europe who’s handy and willing to build me one of these? I will pay you.
AWESOME
Could you share the link for the amplifier? I cant find any cheap on ebay :/ thanks!
Arènes.t your T-nuts installed reverse ?? They don.t give strength to the build...
Do u  have a link where I can buy the wood parts already cut?
I built my arcade cabinet using just a circular saw, it took me 2 days to complete. Not as clean and good looking as yours but Im happy with the result of mine :)
wish i had all those tools good job
No face mask cutting MDF ?
Great Work... The T-Nuts should be on the other side of the support?
Meh, too much work. I got 1500 bucks, i can have it made professionally and sent to me with 20,000 games.
What version of pacman was that? NES?
The buttons and joysticks, cant you use encoder boards?  Then connect to the raspberry with a USB cable?
Avec un matériels comme le tiens ca devient un jeu d'enfant. 😊
We are also game developers, do you have a chance to talk about it? Check out www.usun8.com for more information on our website  www.usun8.com
can i do this with a pi 4
hello there! greetings from philippines. i have some question regarding to your diy arcade cabinet. do you have a arcade cabinet plans for sitdown style so i can install coinslot below of them.
This is the exact video I was looking for.  I laughed when I saw the "head to head" machines at Sam's Club with 5 games, and it was $400.  I have a couple Pi's lying about, and now it's time to make one.  Not sure if I want to do a tabletop or a full-size standup  🤔  🤔
https://youtu.be/c0IMm71QNsM This thing better~!!!!
I love the video... but I love how it's a DIY but using like $100k in tools.... lol  Sure everything could be done with affordable hand tools but damn I wish I had access to some that
great video///you little one counting..cute
does not worth waste my time for playing on LCD garbage like that. I'm out.
you lost me and needing heavy duty power tools. so i got like 40 seconds in.
What are all of the power tools I need to do all this woord work? :D
12:48 retropie literally takes zero programming to setup 👍
Hello thanks for the plans worked amazingly and was able to make one thank you so much
Nice build. The "T" nuts should be installed from the underside of those glue blocks. The will pull out installed the way you have them.
How much will it cost for you to build one for me and install all the MK games and street fighter games?
Question:  what do you do if you don’t have access to a woodshed and these tools and still want to build an arcade cabinet
remove music. cant hear your voice
Your videos are insanely helpful! Ty so much :)
One of the reasons why i love youtube, fantastic! I own a Sega Blast City cab but am very stoked about making my own retropie arcade!
I dont have a 7000.00 saw
Do you sell these?
Awesome!!!!!
One thing I guess I missed is what are all of your GPIO's connected to?
This is incredible! How much would you sell one?
Great video. Music while talking makes it real annoying. Had to mute and used closed captions.
Would you be interested in selling one of these bare frames
Pretty koo video bro nice work simple yet really functional 🤘🏼👍🏼
i've read that a simple hdmi to vga cable won't work because the output signal is digital and vga is analog. but you seem to have no problems with this at all? i ordered a hdmi to vga converter (hasn't been delivered yet), was this unnecessary?
Do u know who joe is
So many “That’s what she said”
This has got to be one of the coolest videos I have ever seen!😆 are the machines still able to operate though?
I'd like to know how wide it really is? Because I cut everything to 55cm wide and used your template for the holes and there is nowhere near the space for the controls that your completed one seems to have.
i need more detail about raspberry pi for the firstimer
screen too close
Why don't you use a crt?
19:08 little girl is "raising the roof."
hello is it possible that you can help me consult me on my build please?
Cool, i am also make arcade bartop !
Great video... pity this needs a good number of tools for creating...
Is this a feasible project for someone who never did any type of woodworking?
Have you ever had it where that recalbox doesn’t play sound?  I uploaded the latest version but I can’t get sound?
Cool project, you are correct much of the cutting and drilling can be done with home hand helds
You can also get Arcadestick packs with stick and buttons that come premade with a little controlerboard for usb use. So you just plug the cables on the controlerboard and plug the controler in the usb port of the pie. Way less stuff to do and its solderless, just plug and play.  :-)
Any one know what buttons he used I’m interested in making my own?
Lucky u have all those useful utilities
Aren't those T-Nuts installed on the wrong side?
amazing workshop! so jealous
You should accept commissions for someone who wish to have one of these.
Nice work, I am attempting to do one myself except using a PC instead of a pi. I want something with a bit more kick to play games like Mortal Kombat X & 11 and Killer Instinct  for example. Debating whether to use Hyperspin or Big Box . I  learned some cool tricks from your video though that have been very helpful so thanks.
This is my manual: https://codebugsblog.wordpress.com/2018/01/31/do-it-yourself-retro-arcade/
I like how these Diy videos includes an entire work station as if its a normal thing to have at home
Nice job. Any issues with the raspberry generating too much heat?
you sound like bumbo, the rust ytber
Updated build video and new plans!! Check it out! https://youtu.be/isiLRtJlUso
I have one last question my friend. How many 4x8' sheets of 1/2" thick MDF did you use for your whole build?
Great video! How much do you rent these out for? I might be doing that as well once I have a few built.
How much do you charge for one of these?
can you upload instructions how you install the emulator and games in the android pi. everyhing on the net just shows how to build the cabinet but no instructions how you install or program the android pi . thanks
how much it cost in the end ? i'm interested in building my own soon
nice job as usual!
🔝🔝🔝
gay
happy to see that you still have 10 fingers!  LOL !!
you have great tools for this. almost to pro for me!  ;-) I was looking for a easy arcade build. LOL ! greets from the netherlands.
Where do these guys get all the tools?
How much would you charge to build a couple of these & ship them to Austin Texas?
But are the games real like is pac man going to run like the original or is it a rip off?
Dude 1/8” exposer on th blade.  #fingercuttinggood
awesome!
What specs do  I need to make this?(Software)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnzhKjV0iz4&t=43s Check out my mod! Great video
Wow! You are smart.
Well where are you
Hey dude can I have an empty Cabnet
I love this project and I actually decided to make a fully 3D Printed version of this! I took your plans and modeled them myself and I'm in the process of printing everything!
Awesome video!! Thinking about buying one of these for my son this year so seeing this video helps me to understand the labour behind making these cabinets. Keep the videos coming, and again, awesome work man.
Does it matter what type of amp board you use for the volume adjustment?
Hi, do you sell these? My mate might be interested in these? He likes stuff like that? And how much and how does he get in contact.. cant promise he will buy it though
Awesome build. A tip on cutting acrylic sheets, you can score and snap sheets to size pretty easily.
I found this one very cool as well, have a look  https://youtu.be/hN4cZFii5Mk
Have you made a full size one yet?
What envy !, you make it look so easy ... but it's not that easy!
you sir no your stuff very professional will be trying to make one of these .... i do have  ? not sure what to by for the electrical stuff any way u could email me the stuff to by and were to get it bull_dog998@yahoo.com
Who's here from Aldo Jones?
Incredible job:)
odroid XU4 guide for Dream cast games?
great build, try bondo for filling also, sands great and takes paint well, Use it a lot in my car audio builds
The glue dripping is so satisfying
questa e la foto del mio top arcades
Well done on the build. Need to Prime that MDF though... soaks up paint  giving that uneven matte finish.
Weekly updates on the project's I am working on with students and my own at the link below. Check out some sneak previews of an upcoming build video: https://www.instagram.com/p/BqkxPG-B8tr/
Nice cabinets, good design. Plywood would be better though. MDF doesn't travel too well, tends to fall apart after a while.
I m looking at the tiny arcade system its $1600 plus $200 shipping but it look awesome every system
I heard raspberry blows freezes games alot very laggy and glitchy
nice job, thank you for sharing
Thats so cool.  Pure 80s nostalgia. Thanks for sharing.
Where do you get power tools to work with the wood ?, what is this place called ?
adwesome...
Great Job man!! It looks great. How were your able to make the Mylar at the top of the cabinet. Mario looks awesome jumping up.
Where is this shit filmed?
Wao. I am totally speechless. This is freaking awesome. I want to build one, I will try my best to come as close to yours as possible. Really nice. Thanks for sharing.
beautiful design how do you add a coin slot
I've seen hundreds of videos like these, all of them using sophisticate tools and saws. Anyone doing that in a simple, realistic, average joe, garage budget way??
Can the Retropie/Raspberry Pi be reset within the software? What is the advantage of having a Reset button? Thank you to anyone that answers this question
fuck! nobody is going to have all these fancy high tech tools, gatchets, machines, money, time, or work shop. I'm so sick of these misleading videos. Might as well say you got your own autobody shop and how easy it is to fix up an old car......
1. Is it okay to use a cnc router on a sheet of mdf to do this?   2. Can I use MDF for those smaller supports that go on the inside?
I dont get the reset button why ?
Hi. Am new to all this but have been researching and watching videos and looking at online forums for many months. I am Just looking for a bit of help. I have watched all your videos on the raspberry bartop arcade build many many times. I am at the stage where my cab is built and sprayed and I am about to add all the buttons,wiring, monitor, usb speakers etc. I have tested all the parts via HDMI on my tv using the keyboard and all works fine. I then rigged it up to my monitor via the rca to HDMI adapter with the 3.5mm Jack plug connected to see if it still worked But there was no sound. I searched for info on here and online and i had conflicting advice. Some people say go to raspberry pi config option 8(advanced settings) then down to audio and swap from HDMI to 3.5 Jack plug. And then it will work. Is this the case?? As I also read some saying you have to add certain things to certain files or delete/Change certain files. I am just wanting an easy solution. I have the raspberry pi 3 b+. Also if I wanted to use a Bluetooth speaker how would I enable this using the pi? Without having to use a pc to do it. Many thanks in anticipation for any help.
Awesome video, do you build this also for a living... I would like to buy one lol
Do you have video for guys with fuck all space for expensive tools?
That looks like a shit ton of work and money.
Wall mount Please!!
I would argue that if you're building in a furniture shop using thousands of dollars of woodworking equipment, it is no longer DIY. Regardless, beautiful cabinets and well done!
1 suggestion.. make the play surface wider for easier playing for 2 players
The tee nuts are installed on the wrong side of the cleat.
Any site where l can get a arcade cabinet sent to me?
Thought my way of making them w the best. But you have given  few ideas I did not think about. Thanks
Awesome vid. I don't have the wood working skills but I do have the wiring skills so I will have to stick to playing on my t.v. when my pi arrives. Keep up the great work. Shout out from Melbourne Australia
Is there a good way to determine where to put the support pieces of wood on the side panels?
square bit for the screws is kinda odd. nice job :D very imformative video. im in the plan of doing one myself. wish i had al the fancy tools you have. but i think it will be ok :D
I'm making something similar to this, but made of cardboard
hey We Build Stuff, how did you get your hot key working with the usb ones?
Really awesome, my next raspberry pi project. Hopefully ;)
Step 1. Purchase $2,000 cabinet table saw.  :)
This amazing!  I wish I had a workshop like that, all those handy tools... I'd totally build one of these.  I am tempted to do it anyways, but I know it will be a rough road with basic tools.
Does any one have a problem with there raspberry pi overheating when its in an arcade machine? i build a full size one and would like to know if i should put fan or not?
欲しい！
didn't see the overall cost? How much?
How to make 737
this was so cool. I wish i was in the same country as you then i would surely get one custom made for myself. :(
Cool but how do you make one if you don't have a gigantic workshop full of tools lol
What is the approximate price for the build?
Thanks for posting such a comprehensive video. I'm part-way through my own build and I  learned a lot from your design and build - I wish I had seen this first!  Cheers
You put the t nuts on the wrong side
As someone who doesn't have access to any of the tools and resources to build a casing myself, is there somewhere I can buy an empty case?
Youve got some skills there my friend, i wouldnt know where to start even if i had the tools
cool job..but where did you find the games for the rasbery pi?
Awesome vid great supplement to building on myself since I'm more of a visual learner. I had one issue that caused me a bit of headache and it was that staples actually printed the sides and button layout of the cabinet alot larger than they should have so I ended up with pieces to small for my sides. Simple fix but still wasted a few more hours than I should have
This was an amazing build. You are very talented.
Love it. You obviously have woodworking skill. Lots of leftover wood. And all the expensive equipment. Do you make any of these for private order? I'd love a pi based arcade packed with the classic arcade games from Mario to street fighter to donkey Kong or hydro thunder. I'd definitely pay 1500+ USD for one of these and it seems like you can kick one out in a day with maybe 500 dollars in wood/cables/monitor/pi. And I'd say it's worth at least 1000 for the labor.. message me if youd ever be willing to make one custom order  it can be the most basic design you have with a proper sized monitor. Obviously graphics dont matter much. I can do paint customization my self but dont have the tools to make it.   If you're ever willing message me. I'd need it bare bones. Ui and games with unpolished unpainted wood to save you some time.
Don't sue me Nintendo/Sony/Sega/Microsoft/Capcom/Bethesda/Atari/Etc .
why do you use the I/O for the controls when you could just rig a usb controller under the hood?
I am just getting into Pi myself and I dunno if this was mentioned before.  You said you only open up the case when you need to attach a keyboard.  You could actually add a USB ectention cord to the Pi and hotglue the female part to the body so you dont need to open it up.
I will make one of these hopefully this summer.
i want to make a Killer instinct Arcade cabinet > _ >
Great build, but I noticed that you had installed the t-nuts incorrectly at 5:20. They should go on the opposite side so that when you tighten them, you do not pull the insert through the 3/4" wood pieces, rather the nut is pulled into the 3/4" block. You would need longer bolts, of course, but much more sturdy and will last much longer if you move the unit around alot.
definitely harder with his dick and knife :D
I'm most impressed by how you could run N64 games on the RPI. I have a RPI3 but it does NOT run N64 games well.
The hinge on the back could of done with putting on the other way so most of it was hidden.
What is the measurement for the edges? I see the bottom sits some off the ground but how far?
Beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Everything he says is in the beat of the music lol it sounds like he’s rapping
Looked like it would be a really good video, but after about 3 minutes of the music I had to give up.....Driving me insane!!!!!
Hey mate! Love this! Do you have the GPIO diagram you used for the buttons?
First music?
Can these legally be sold? with all the software?
What were the dimensions for the control panel?
pro tip: counter sink before drilling through hole.. nicer end result
wow I need to buy one would he sell me one? do they have a website?
No mask ? Wow.
Very cool,  looks easier when you got a workshop and all the required tools lol
"You could corrupt your SD card"  Don't seem like you're worried about that when you make a button to reset your Pi but there's no script running to safely shutdown.
If I had a wood shop class that did this project!! I would have gotten into making things so much earlier.
I bought a pi for my nephew. He never built this. Nice to see it finally... on YT
Nice!!! How can I get one!?!?
Sweet build! Question, do you think it's necessary to bevel the edges to fit perfectly between the pieces? What if I don't do bevels?
I really have problems painting over MDF, all the paint just gets sucked into the the wood.  Also, the 3,5mm audio jack has awfull background noises in my build so I'm adding an USB-Audio adapter (which takes some configuration).  Though, I used a set of USB - retro arcade button sets of ebay, which comes with prefab wires.
What wood does he use
Great video man, will be referencing this when I make my arcade machine!
how much do you charge to build me a unit because I don't have all that equipment to make everything. email me at thedit068@yahoo.com
Build me one or sale one of your to me I’ll subscribe so you can get back to me
Really nice dude. You're inspiring me to build my own. I suppose if I wanted to do a full size cabinet nothing changes other than the woodwork.
Brilliant!!!
take my money! You should sell these! Great video!
how much in hardware does it cost you ? Awesome build!
Amazing tutorial, I have a question with the microswitchs I connect everything and a little soldering but the ground cable (connected in series) can I connect on any ground pin on the raspberry?
DIY - Ultimate... Retro, Clasic Video Game Machine https://youtu.be/FpE-q1CPaAg
That's not a table saw... that's a cabinet saw! Nice! :-)
Mike! - Great build! - I'm working on one too!! https://youtu.be/bD3srkNot_s
Yeah nice video
for a teacher your awesome i would love to take your class
Very cool, would love to make one someday. You seem like a cool ass teacher!
start using tools at a young age to learn responsibility and skills to last forever... Love that phrase!! haha people usually think the opposite! Great job!
How can someone dislike something genius like this? Great work! ❤❤❤👍👍👍
Awesome build dude!!! But seriusly... How much does your shop & equipment costs? 😂😂😂😂
This is one of the coolest things I have seen in a longtime, can I buy one already made by you? I like the yellow one with the pacman logo,  only downside I can see is that the way its configured it will be a tight squeeze for 2 players to play at the same time, based on the width of cabinet???
No, you can not.
Well made! I cant see myself building such an enclosure.
Top quality and professional job Sir. Well done!
Was just wandering how you made the game fit the whole screen with no black borders around it? Thanks!
Simply  Genius!
I was wondering if you sell custom kits? Just the frame of the arcade.
Great video, but I would recommend using zero delay usb boards instead of the GPIO as it makes everything a lot easier to wire/manage. You can pretty much plug any button in wherever you like on the board along with the stick and retropie/recal box will simply detect everything as a USB controller.
the hotkey button of player 1 and player 2 can be joined in a single button ??? or do they all have to go in their player?
Congratulations for the project, i've made one to me here, with Pandora Box 4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvXhYHIdPMc&t=8s
Nice Cabinet, I cannot wait to build my arcade cabinet.
Nice build!
I don't mean this in a bad way, but why "cheap off" and not buy a keyboard encoder (like the ipac 2)?
Sooooo Canadian
I recommend a crown lever and sanwa buttons.
New video up explaining how I transfer the drawings from the side template PDF to my material for where to attach the support blocks. I am also filming a new build log with some different build designs for my latest arcades! Stay tuned! https://youtu.be/3ZCiegyqeX8?list=PLTjHStPJZlJwPdhxq8ib483lBf0Bwfi5W
I need help with the placement blocks. There is no info on the pdf specs
What are the legalities involved with renting this out to parties?
I just finished mine following your advises! I love you man! (no homo feeling) Long life to Canada! Greetings!
what was the overall price of this?
Can you give me the specs of the power supply please?  I’m using led buttons and I get a low power warning when I try to configure the arcade controls.  I tried with a 2.5a and a 3.5a.
Супер!
dem wires do
Is there any way we can talk on the phone
How much to make me one please
Nice Video Love - look my mini arcade https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXuCZn0JaKI
hello can you please send me the paper prints so I can build mine, I'll appreciate. thanks
Amazing! I just have some questions about the cost. How much would all the materials needed cost, and how much would you charge for purchasing/renting these cabinets?
Very Cool
+We Build Stuff they are awesome but they need to be wider . the gap between each set of joysticks & buttons needs more room
Ye it's cool...if u no what u are doing :)
Great video and nice job on the cabinets.  Looking one day soon to start making my own small arcade cabinet.
love the video. i notice you left the monitor in its original housing and i saw others take them out, but i am glad to see you can leave them in and how they still look great. Can you use controllers on those machines?  i would like to someone take a nes mini and put in an arcade,
One of the cleanest and well done arcade cabinets on youtube. You even had a merciless quality testing crew :) thanks for the video!
A few more oopses....  The wiggly bit at the end of a tape measure is by design, it is to allow for the thickness of the hook. T-nuts should have been installed from the back. They are designed to be a hidden fastener that resists turning and provides against pull through.
So if someone wanted you to build this for them. How much would you charge?
Beautiful and well explained tutorial
Nice bro! You were really paying attention in shop class!
https://youtu.be/7ShH74yVvfc
that attention to detail rounding stuff you wont even see is a sign of quality man.  it has to be nice everywhere, NOT JUST where people see.  Like wal mart toys only painted on 1 side. Like nerf stuff, WTF WHY IS ONLY ONE SIDE OF MY BLASTER PAINTED?!?!!?!? that shit pisses me off
I'd love to put some weekends into something like this, but all the woodwork is hard because there are no like 'benches' for hire
do you sell the wood already cut out in a package
Great video! You sure do have great hands on carpentry
Can I  have one please?
question on the wood part, I thought MDF board was toxic? any recommendations on a wood with good finish that is just as smooth?
How did you do the marquee?
Bad ass video! I would love to make one of these but literally have no skills with tools. Still, you made it look so super easy that I'm tempted to try.
I'm about to finish my prototype which is made with basic tools from throwaway material and looks kinda crappy at places, but about half the ideas I used there are hinted by this video. I think I owe you a thank-you, even for the parts I learned not to use next time. (Already building 2.0)
This isn't a "DIY" project.  It requires the kind of investment in space and tools that far exceeds that which a DIY project should involve.  Impress us by designing a cabinet which can be done in a small space and with more conventional tools which could be had cheaply at harbor freight or the like.
since you have everything to make them how much to make me one
Awesome work, Dude. ^^ Thank for learn it. :)
is this for sell
looks kind of unconfortable for 2 people to play together lol
Hi We Build Stuff, Your video was absolutely inspiring for me and gave me the final motivation I needed to build my own arcade cabinet. I must say that this is my first big "professional" wood work and it took me some days, because I wanted to make things right, but at the end I'm very proud with the result. All of my friends and family are very impressed as well, because although I don't have many of the tools you use on the video I managed to cut, drill and mill the borders of wood to produce a nice arcade. Didn't painted it yet and the marquee is  missing as well, but I feel very happy each time I use it, and that's thanks to you.  Btw, I used your measures and they worked quite perfect, but the side panel layout didn't worked for me, not sure if it was the way I printed it so at the end I made all the measures by hand ;)
Do you sell them. I would like to buy one from you.
Great job. Looks brilliant.
How much?
top
How was the process of painting the mdf
Why do the mesurements from the side panel layout and the arcade plans package not match (I printed out everything from the PDF-File -> no distorsions)? For Instance the top measures 150mm on the side panel but it sais 166.4mm on the arcade plans package....
Friend, how wide is your bartop?
This is great!
Do u sell any..send info djecko22@gmail.com
I would like you to do a how to on that start button. Not sure how you did that exactly. Everything else very clear. Nice work.
Dude you should sell these. I would buy one.
Love the video, rewatched it a few times cause I love your process.  I need to start work on my gaming coffee table eventually.
Nice video man!
how do I download your plans?
Why did you use a pilot hole with a forstner bit and a drill press?  By hand it would see like a good idea but I don't really see the point with a drill press.  Is there something I'm missing?
I would love to build this, if the raspberry pi didn't have so much input lag between button presses. By the way, do you know how to fix input lag on raspberry pi?
really good video bud, very detailed.. I'm getting ready to  build one myself and this video really helped out! how long did it take you to complete? I know some of the work can be very time consuming, you made it look easy though lol. I just started learning about the pi, I'm not a computer person but from what I see online it seems pretty simple. how do you feel about them, easy to program? anyway thanks for the video, helped out a lot!
Im great with electronics and wood working but have zero knowledge of the pi. I will order one tommorow and see what happens.
How do you change between games without using the keyboard ? O_o?
This is pretty cool but I prefer to use my Pi as a server
What did you end up doing for the power? Do you just plug and unplug to turn off and on? Great video!
We build stuff, I'm just wondering but what high school do you teach at these kids must be lucky!
I think I will give this a try and build my own and just see how it goes, however I've never built antyhing except in high school.   You don't happen to know where I can find a 19" 4x3 monitor that ship to sweden? I've been looking at ebay.   Can you give me some piece of advice, I will start this project in a month I think and aim for it to be done in 3 months.   Also I can't find a place that has like a class where I can make this, I have however found a workshop you can use if you become a member.   Thanks
im ashamed to ask but can you build me one i cant afford it my mom doesnt work my dad left me when i was little please help me at least send me a raspberry pi and ill find someone else to build the cabinet please
skip half the work, and buy a CNC cut cab just like this off eBay for $65 shipped.
I may have missed something here, but isn't it problematic that the monitor control buttons are covered so you can't access them without taking the monitor off?
I need to take a woodworking class to make one. I'm sitting on this ebay page on a bartop mdf diy set right now but I think i wanna build one myself
Which HDMI to VGA cable you used? or you got a converter?
Super cool. Wish I had all the tools to try this out.
Dose anyone know if he sells any of them?
Hey I am just finishing up my own build. Just wanted to know how you wired the reset switch. I know the part on the board. But I have 4 connectors on my arcade button and not sure which ones to attach it to. Also I would like that button to light up if possible.Thanks for the video! Turned out to be a really fun project!
I built the same thing but with a CRT because it looks and feels more arcade like
This seems like a lucrative highschool job that I can pick up if I can improve my woodworking. Much appreciated, thanks for the informative video!
How much did all this cost you?
thank you for this video i really enjoyed it :)
great vid! what amp did you use for the speakers?
Massive thanks!  Wonder job!  Keep up the good work!
you guys actually sell those cabinets?
Thank you for making this video! Editing video is not a quick task and you had a lot of content. It's people like you that make all the difference!
Any chance that you could post or email the CnC file for your carving on the sides. I am currently trying to do a similar build and a friend who is helping me on the CnC side is new to it and would like the file as a template for building similar diagrams for my build. ....that said, I may use your's for one side, as it is very cool!
I'm making an arcade too. Similar design, mine has a keyboard drawer under the switches.  I just want to ask why you didn't use a keyboard encoder for the buttons? It makes wiring much easier, and they aren't that expensive. Bought an Ipac 2 for 40 bucks.
I only have a small bandsaw and some power tools so a lot of these cuts seem a little beyond me.  How much do you normally sell or rent these out for?
Looks like you blew the back out of the MDF on some of those button holes that you showed towards the end. Flip the MDF over and do a quick hit with the drill bit before drilling all the way through on the other side and that will prevent that stuff. It will help in the future when the buttons want to start coming loose.
wow! very impressive. This project is obviously way above my skill level but I appreciate the detail and time you put into making it. :)
do you listen to mediocre show?
Nicely done.  What model of CNC are you using? i am looking to buy one that will engrave and cut small pieces.
Sounds almost like EverythingApplePro, I can't help but notice.
@We Build Stuff: Didn't you have to use a IPAC 2 for a 2 player bar top? Are there any instruction files of how to plug all the button cables on the raspberry?
If you guys don't have access to a 3D printer, or want one place to buy all your parts for cheap, or just want to buy one of these amazing consoles pre-made (As well as step by step tutorials on setting up the operating systems) Visit the store on https://www.RetroGame.Club or join our community forum to provide your own guides!
You don`t have to use nails, when using lime. O.o
i'm in the 80's...do u sell these Arcade?what games is it in there?how many games
How much would you sell one of these for and also seeing as I am not familiar with the emulator you are you using I wanted to know if it is at all possible to use a PS1 emulator instead, and last question would you be willing to ship to the UK?. Thanks in advance mate.
Wow! What a build. Bravo!
can you run retropie through noobs
just bought a raspberry pi 3, so excited to build it. I'm waiting on an SD card reader though.
How does Recalbox compare to RetroPie?
Great thanks this video encourage me to build my own
Hello, I have a question about using this for school fundraising, can you thing of a way to get the game started only when you put a coin? and when the game is over be able to stop so they would need to put more coins. In schools Fetes, festivals and events could be a good way for schools to get some revenue for their IT budget.
Where did u get all the ROMs together ?
Was that 3rd Strike I saw? Are there many hoops to jump through to get CPS 3 roms running on pi or does just natively work?
Wow! this is great! you should market these to mattel for mass sale. I'd buy one! I think anyone who grew up playing these old games would love to have one of these!
How are the lighted buttons? Do they hurt your eyes after long play sessions? Are the bulbs easy to replace?
I'd love to do this but I have barely any of the tools and stuff required...  table saw, sander, drill even... Lol.
Props sir... Props.
Magic, I want one please 😊
Awesome video! Thank you. I already love my Rpi3... some damn I will attempt this :)
great! these are really beautiful
Where can i buy that audio amp? Thanks
this has alot of games?
Nice job. Thanks.
check mine out so far  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-dLlfokDE8
so do you sell these? I do not have the time time to put in to this, and I would really like to have an arcade box to play old classic games. thnx
Brilliant stuff! Been thinking of building an arcade machine for years, might give this build a go. Thanks for sharing!
caramba que vídeo!  😰👏👏👏👏❤
I'm currently using your prints off your website. The blueprints the are taped together for the side panels are undersized compared to measurements given on the page with all the cuts. Should they be the same size?   (I used the 8.5x11 PDF print out at 100%)
cool
so freaking cool.
brilliant job so muc better when you have the correct tools:) im doing my build as i type this just about to start my cab build
How the protecting screen makes the colours better? I am intrigued.
If I had no tools how much the wooden box will cost if a professional make it for me ?
Do you use a brad nailer or finish nailer? Thanks
I have the same monitor you used in the video that I want to use for my project. How did you power on the monitor when the buttons are all blocked?
must be nice to have access to these tools.  what would tell some that can not make a box.  But great vid.
I Don't usually log in and comment ever, BUT..... Your video was put together amazingly well! Everything was thorough, clear, and detailed. I hope one day you have enough subscribers to make a good chunk of spending money from your videos! Thank you !
is there a way to make it boot up to a single game upon start? I want to make a Rainbow Islands one for my Dad
amazing job
How much do You charge for these Units ?
what size of screen would fit this screen cutaway?  17inch 1080p?
This video is half a year old and you're still responding to comments. Nothing makes me happier than a youtuber being active with his community.
Why do people insist on putting annoying music to their videos?  Bumper (intro) music sure, but come on.  The WHOLE video?  It detracts from the actual tutorial.  Informative, yes, but really hard to watch.
great job!  now I know my next project!
THIS IS COOL I LIKE IT
one word:  Amazing!
Hi, All the plans can be downloaded fail.
cost total made as a DIY? vs bought ?
Wish I could make things like this
This is a fantastic video man.
Loved the video ! , is there a way to prevent the balls in the joysticks from "spinning" and prevent them from falling off ?
banana pi open single baord computer : http://www.banana-pi.org/product.html
I'd advise always installing a set of heatsinks on your pi's. Those CPU's tend to overhead when stressed and your system will shut down in the long end :)
you are a champ 👍
Noticed how you connect the joystick & buttons onto the GPIO.   I did some searching, and the best i'd found was the GPIO pins diagram. How do you know which input goes where?
there is some controls now that encode the exit into a usb connector , so you would not need a lot of that wiring at least on the pi side
Damn, i wish i have the garage space for a table saw like yours.  Even with the dust port vacuum, i bet cleaning up the rest of the sawdust is a pain.   Good job on the video.......very inspiring.
wooooow
hican you tell me how you hooked the mini amp up with the Raspberry Pi 3?    thank you
Awesome mate, I wish I had the skill to make one! I bought a pie 3 and am considering making a cabinet like the one you made.Could you do a video for those who do not have the professional tools but sort of basic power tools?  But really good video man!  Cheers
All this work and you fitted it with a shitty LCD...WTF????
Great job. Very detailed and informative.
What size monitor did you use for the build?  I am in the middle of using your instructions to build my own.... beautiful job.
how much did this cost in total?
Awesome video and great job. Thank you man. Local RPi store will be happy to see me today lol
very inspiring
GOOG JOB
Perfeito!!!!
love your workshop  my hand power tools make it more difficult
Good job
T-nuts are on the wrong side
can use coin accepted
helluva woodshop!!  good work
Great stuff! Do you make for people, I am looking one to support 24 inch monitor?
Трудовик в америке делает "аркадные" автоматы... Трудовик в россии, если бросил пить, то уже хорошо...
Great stuff!
awesome.!!!!how much did you cost to build one.?
Cool !!
So impressive, great job...love both the black and yellow ones. Really inspires me to give it a go myself
excellent work! I no longer have access to a woodshop so I am on the fence to buy a lot of tools or just buy a pre-made one - ever consider selling just the wood frame?
@5:10 you installed it the wrong way! they should go exactly the facing the other way, so the knot can grab in wood when you fasten the bolt. great video by the way.
great video, I'm looking for one DIY like this. thks
Oh boy, I have this build on my wish list. Great video and you have good tools, I will saventhis video to help me build this in the near future. Thansk and greetings from Holland
MDF, that must be one heavy mini-cab unless it's that paper stuff.  Also, aren't you using the T-nuts wrong?  I mean, mounting on the back side of the wood would be difficult with all of that installed, but they really should be on the bottom and not the top.
wow:) n1 man!
Great video!  I built a full size one but I'd like to make one like yours.  Did you say you had plans available?
Awesome video! I'm thinking of building one of these for my friends and I, how much would you say it costs when it's all said and done? Thanks!
Congratulations
I'd love to learn how to build these badly.  I would like to be the first to do this kind of business in my Local area as I've been doing alot of research and found NO ONE who does this work.  Eventually I will learn :-)
Give me one i will love you ;) Hihi
I just so happen to have all these tools at my house! Oh wait no I don't. I don't even have a drill anymore because it burnt out. =(
how much for one
I really like how you mention some things you would have done differently in hindsight. This is really cool, inspiring. The electronics and programming for me would be the easier part, the word working is kind of a bottle neck since I don't have any tools, or any room for a shop.
give me one
Dude... Amazing!
Having a difficult time finding a decent site for ROM's.
could u upload plans for cabinets?
Witch one is better r2 or r3?
how did you connect all the buttons and joystick to the gpio, aren't only 17 of the GPIO headers usable like this?
Excellent video.
wow man this is so amazing i run all my emulated stuff on pc but wow what an awesome build man thank god for technology this good and cheap the raspberry pie i couldn't build this if you paid me lol theres a handheld version using gameboy that looks awesome to
Hi, great project! I have RP Model B and my GPIO header is with only 26 pins. I really want to use it but I don't know how. Any idea?
do you sell these ?
Installed your t-nuts on the wrong side of the wood.
Awesome use of cheap resources. Can't wait to build one myself. Awesome job.
nice build, only thing i wonder is why you would put the controls so close together looks like theres plenty of space left.
Hi guys, just finished watching making my own based on these plans and your video found a nice cheap blue tooth speaker to use.  Am going to be making these with my ICT students this year so thanks for the video, very helpful as was I Like To Make Stuff.
I've recreated it and it's not so good like yours but for me its ok. My English isn't the best, because i'm from German.
This is amazing..........
how do you configure your n64 emulator. mine lags quite a bit.
Hi me again! just wondering if you cut everything straight and to length and then make your angle cuts? or cut everything with angles from the outset?
Do I need all of the extremely expensive tools and tables to make a quality cabinet?
Do you need to use a 4:3 monitor, or can you use a 16:9 and it can scale depending on the system emulated?
Had to log in just to thumbs up this video.   Awesome stuff, and great video!!
do you have a list of the parts you used?
Thanks for this video. Your awesome!
Very Impressive! Do you sell your arcade machine?
Hey Mike, I was wondering if you can help me. If you have to pick one which one would you buy and why?  Monster arcade launchbox big box mini arcade or mini arcade extreme 114 in 1.    Thanks
HI I want to build something like this for my nephews for Christmas this year and I have2 questions for you. 1st since they obviously will not be in my home how reliable are they as far as running. like can they just start and run a lot with out needing for the parents needing to go into the main screen to restart certain things. and 2nd,  since this will be my first venture with a pi can I shell into them if needed from my home to do maintenance if needed. Thanks
Awesome man
Nice job! I wanna build my own now lol.     Maybe I missed it, but how do you get the monitor to power up when your build is complete and everything is assembled and sealed up? Is there a trick to this, or do you need access to the monitor power button?
Another question I used the small 12v audio amp in my build and I'm getting a lot of hissing sounds before I load a game? Is there anything in the settings I can change?
Now I just need a diy 14" bandsaw.
Coooool vid! Will try to make one of these! Just out of curiosity, is there a lot of interest in hiring these? And how much do you rent them out at? Thx Daz (uk)
Excelente
A quick question, how did you go about running the power to the surge protector? do you open the back and connect an extension cable, i was thinking about adding an inlet box to the back.
Hi just wondering if you have a vector version of the cut sheet? I'd love to get it cut out on our CNC at uni.. thanks tom
does the arcade just use standard mame ROMs? how is the button performance?I was tossing up whether to try a pi or pandora4s
Building one for all the Castlevania games.....Raspberry Pi all the way!!!!!
Cool video. I dropped a like!
i really find surprising all these videos explaining how to build a cabinet, with extremely expensive machinery and space most cannot afford, but amateur methods of mounting it, like using nails instead of wooden wads...
love this vid
Gday Mike. Thank you for the video. Am wondering if RECALBOX works with the USB arcade joy kits.  http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/Zero-Delay-Arcade-Game-Controller-USB-Joystick-Kit-for-MAME-Raspberry-Pi-1-2-3-/282212138335?var=&hash=item41b5277d5f:m:m6Cqx89awHVXiwhBwKOQ28Q   Cheers Bob
man i wish I had that workshop setup...
ficou show!!!!
if i pay you for cost and labor would you be able to make one for me. I currently already own a raspberry pi as well as a usb controller so that would not have to be included. If you are willing to do so email me at nm855@cabrini.edu
I'm using your directions to make my own bartop arcade(btw thanks), the only thing i would change is putting the (#10 NC T-nuts) on the opposite side of the support. I was having the problem where the T-nuts was pulling off. Putting them on the opposite side it pulls the t-nut into the support piece holding it even stronger. Also getting a more plush fit.
Excellent job with the careful explanation and smart mods.  Thanks for putting this out there!  Since it sounds in the comments like you're continuing to improve things, will you have an updated build page so we can benefit from the lessons learned?  And thanks again, much appreciated!
very inspiring and educational thanks - i build similar devices but on a smaller scale - more portable and bluetooth gamepads using the pi zero - would love to work with you on a project
I'm in one of ur classes guess who
we build stuff i have a question when you are configuring the controls how do you do it for  buttons and a joystik
I love you Holbrook
So wiring the buttons and Joysticks directly to the pi, does it see it as a keyboard or Controllers? I normally use xin mo or zero delays usb hubs, but I like the idea of wiring them like you did.  Thanks.
Nice video man! I saw this video as a recommended vid on the side of my bar top cabinet video.  Check it out, if you're interested. I've also got a 3 part series for a full sized cabinet.   Anyway, looking forward to checking out more of your stuff!
Great job. T nuts should go opposite side so they can't pull out
this looks amazing and i'm planning on doing the dame thing, could you please tell me how much did dit cost to you and how exactly did you plug the differents wires ?
Do you sale them??
AWESOME JOB !
Before I start measuring and cutting, is this design based on a 17in or 19in monitor? And would it make a difference if I made the with of all the cross pieces 22.5inches instead of 55cm?
Hi! What can you say about quality of these chinese joysticks and buttons?
we build stuff how wide is the cabinet im trying to build one could i have the dimensions
how long is the top control pannel
Hey can you build one for me? No paint and no display or raspberry pi, I'll provide that. I'll buy it from you, I don't have the tools nor the expertise to build it, but I really liked it, I'll pay you time and materials let me know please serious buyer here
awesome work wish I had a shop
Great build! I've always wanted to build one of these.  Keep up the good work! Liked and subbed.
Man i would love to purchase 1 of these from you for me and my children.  How much would these go for?
Im currently a industrial design student and just got access to our shop i want to make this soooooo bad
Do you need to set up the controls individually for each game? I consider playing all kinds of retro games on my Pi3, but haven't gotten into connecting the buttons yet.
What does this rent for when you rent them for parties?
I have a question.  Say i wasn't to build 2-4 of these for gifts can i set the first one up then copy the SD card for the other ones and they would be ready to go?  Giving i plug everything in the same spots.  Sorry for the dumb question.  Never used a Pi before I don't even eat them.  But I have my first Pi Zero getting delivered tomorrow.
just a tip man: the volume of the music was really high and was tuff to hear your voice without headphones
Expect a jump in views tomorrow
Hi,  The DIY combo I'm looking at getting has 2 zero delay LED encoder. Can I use these (2 of them) instead of connecting directly to the GPIO? I figure this might tidy things up a bit since each set of buttons have their own controller and the RPi can be positioned close to the side (or back) for USB/Ethernet access
do u have that bartop arcade for sale?
do you sell them??
Quick question. Do you need a separate usb control interface for the buttons or can you use pi. Thanks
do you sell these builds
Good job!!
unfortunately after printing out the plans using adobe acrobat at 100% scale on A4 payer none of the pages matched up for me
how much is the final cost ?
well tha os is a version of retropi. if you want to make a 4 play machine you can use ipac
What would you say is the total cost of the project?
Do you sell these? If so I'm am very interested and would pay whats needed ajnapoleonwok@gmail.com I am military and wanting this in my game room
Is there a way to make an on/off switch . Thanks
Your raspberry boards dont have heatsink, after long gaming specially  nintendo 64 games raspberry 3 overheating and stop responding.
Awesome builds!  You mentioned that you only open it now to hook up a keyboard.  You should think about adding a USB header/extension to the side of the cabinet next to reset and volume controls.
muy buen trabajo!!!
What is the dimension for just the joysticks that you used for it because i plan on just making a 2 player arcade joysticks that could plug into any HDMI TV or Monitor and i plan on making it a little portable by installing a power brick inside the joystick and also what would be the best wood to use that is also very affordable because for my project i am planning on spending a total of 150$ +15$ for it (the 15$ is for the 50mm fan i plan on installing in the joystick so the Pi could kind of stay cooler since it will be locked away in it).
Hands down the best tutorial! Thanks buddy. My son and I are starting ours now.
wait so you didn't need a controller (ipac, xin-mo,..) and just wired the buttons directly to the pi? I wish I had knew that before buying a kit on ebay. Every youtube tutorial I've watched all used a controller of sort.   I like  your tutorial the best. Hope you get more views soon!
neat and tidy. Really nice job, man! (thumbs up)
Step 1: buy $20.000  worth of equipment ... Yeaaah ... no. It's cool to watch but people who HAVE such equipment are exactly those who wouldn't need these instructions.
Did anyone else freestyle over this beat while watching the video?
Nice job man! Why won't you use 1 and or 2 USB extension cords to make external USB ports for Keyboard and Memorysticks?
Can you program the pi to accept CC &/or coins for the arcade machine?  would you need add'l pis to do it?
Wouldnt it be a good idea to install a cooler to cool the raspberry?
what software are you using to drawn in 3d @ 20:15 ?
i like you video  how much will it cost me if you make one for the kids
absolutely amazing. Wonderful craftsmanship.
Very nice! Are you a fan of Bob from I like to make stuff? Definitely subbing!
What's the response time like on these 4:3 dell monitors?   Any ghosting?
So, raspberry pi doesn't need a separate usb control pcb?  All the buttons, joysticks etc just plug directly into the raspberry pi?
can i use a original xbox ? with coinops
how big is the monitor?
Awesome
Im triggered buddy guy
club penguin no scope montage pls
i like your beard bro!! how do you grow that
Holbrook!!!!
Hi teacher
amazing video and that beard looks fantastic!
buddy guy
great job
