❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
GG, will try <3
It’s never a good idea to mix Kale with an acidic fruit (like green apples). Chemically, it wreaks havoc on your digestive system.
Ditch the kid.
QUIT WHORING YOUR KID OUT ON SOCIAL MEDIA FOR ATTENTION
Awesome, thanks mama
Just made this added a little cayanne peeper in it
Your VOCAL FRY ruined my experience!
Meg: *turns out babies don’t like loud noises* Me: Well no shit Sherlock
Looks yummy
Does anyone know how many calories does this smoothie has ?
I need that mason jar in my life.
What is the blender you use ? The smoothie came out perfect !
Delicious..
I was waiting for her to put the baby in.
*ITS SUPER HEALTHY, ITS SUPER SIMPLE , AND ITS GOOD*
Can i give this to my 15 month old daughter? She is anemic
I tried this smoothie today. Dint have almond milk so substituted with almonds and light milk 😬  and it turned out to be the best smoothie ever. Nutritious and delicious. Thank you so much for the recipe 😀
Can I use evaporated milk or fresh milk instead?
What if I don't have almond milk? Can I just use water instead?
Why do you have to have a baby while you put the stuff in the blender?  0_o
Can you just use regular milk instead of Almond Milk?
I have the same cup but in different colour 😊
Simple and perfect. Thanks for sharing with us.
Respect u Madam
Went to the store and they did not have any berries or green apples. I'm hoping it comes out good with the regular fuji apples and banana as fruit bases
DO YOU HAVE ANY SMOOTHIE RECIPES THAT HELP WITH ENERGY???
is that parsley ??
Vitamix blender 🎇💪👍very nice! I own one too. The best quality!!!
I have the same cup
can someone tell me if the kale can be blended or eaten raw? does it need to be cooked first prior to blending ??
Hello what are those two stainless steel looking drawers in the left side of the video? Just left of the stove
I just realised it was a fake baby half way through and lost my shit lmao
What's the benefit of adding parsley?
I'm drinking this right now.  It's super yummy.  You look great & oh those nights & early mornings when you're a mother.  Wish I knew this 30 years ago lol Cheers 🥛
Thanks taste great just made it found the unsweeted almond milk fresh kale everyday
Thanks gonna try this I have some kale in garden looks good
Raw Kale? Are you fucking serious? It ´s a toxic shit that can damage your thyroid. It contains indigestible fiber, you fucking moron.
Awesome tip I like kale smoothies but you should try banana apple lil ginger  spinach and instant oatmeal done in hot water I use tea for the fluid blend it all together on the way to work every morning I drink it omg I’m naturally ready energetic for work but I do like coffee when I’m done with my smoothie it’s just a morning habit lol
Just made one for my 6yr old boys and they loved it.  The bananas weren't frozen though, and I swapped apple for frozen pineapple. Going to try it with apples and frozen bananas next
I find a little added lemon enhances the flavor of the smoothie
And why exactly do you have a newborn in your hand. Oh i get it.
Her: *holds newborn baby* “I’m gonna throw everything in the blender.”  Me: 0.0
this is sooooo good. to make it even better add protein powder
What a babe.
Thank you!!! Going to try this!!
Did this send you to the "throne"?
you can add mango too, delicious😋❤
soe jrnx hv 6-7 timz mor proten thn umnd jrnx.  so boojshwu.
tastz btr thn cfe.  gren te nstd uv umnd mlc.  frsh pursle z thu tuhene uv thu smoothe wurld.  gren upul = frozn orunj joos.  boojshwu
Thanks so much for your video, I also loved your blender, please what brand is it?
I'm not a mom but I have really bad  eating habits and watching your videos made me so much more interested in food :D thankyou 💖
Can I use low fat milk instead of almond milk?
Can I add protein powder
Can I add protein
Can you you do this with red apples?
awesomeness... thanks much💕
This video is great
Can you recommend what you use for a blender
the baby probably thinking wtf that noise lool
I will try it for dinner tonight  👍👍👍
Lovely!!!!
My school made kale smoothie and only me and my other got the kale smoothie while the others got fruits and stuff like that and I loved it
Im also doing this, but with red apples, and slightly less kale as I just introduced it.  Oh and I use normal milk.
enjoy? Kale tastes like DOGSHIT
makes me nervous you're making a smoothie while holding the baby, even if its just putting ingredients in, what if you lose focus and drop the baby you never know
Kick -ass blender...!
we're starting to switch now to Kale smoothies. thanks so much for your helpful videos. Now i get to enjoy my healthy drinks ;)
Hi, thank you for this video, can you please tell me what type of blender is and what are your reviews about this blender. Thank you in advance!
Great video
1:31 puppy in the blender :(
Do the bananas need to be frozen?
how cute give my hug to that baby :)
Nice advice... but the "oh look at me I'm super mom, I make smoothies while holding a newborn" is very annoying and such a PR stunt.
does the banana need to be frozen?
Thought she was gonna put the baby in the mixer...
I need this for my kidneys this is a must.
Lovely smoothie, but try to drink in a glass jar as you are eating a lot of petroleum components using a common plastic cup. ;)
i love this smootie i just made it but i added honey instead of the parsley
can you substitute the kale for spinach?
What kind of blender do you have??
Meg: Turns out babies don't like loud noises. SpongeBob:WRITE THAT DOWN WRITE THAT DOWN! Patrick:*writes on notepad  XD I think I'm the only one who thought this
Can't wait to try this today with rice milk!!! Thanks, love ALL your recipes..keep them coming!!
Can I make a bunch of these in baggies and have them in the freezer because I'm a daycare provider and these would be amazing
he is so cute
What kind of blender do you have?
does it still taste good without parsley
So green💚💚💚
I think you lost the baby halfway through the video! noooooonoooo
I also LOVE what's up moms I've watched all the videos🎅👱
I LOVE IT
does this actually taste any good? im not game enough to try it ;)
Why the banana needs to be frozen? what's the difference than if I used  a fresh one? Thanks for the video :)
The breast milk supply for you is probably already small
No wedding ring...
Baby is real
Almond* milk
What if u have  milk instead of almen  milk
Looks good. I think I might add some truvia or something, it doesn't look sweet enough for me ☺️
Loved it i was feeling low in engery now needed something to boost me up did the tricks thanks alot like always loving ur channel 😉👌🏻💪🏻
do we really have to use the almond can we use regular milk
I cannot use almond milk due to an allergy. What would you recommend as an alternative?
Is it just as good to use chopped frozen kale from a freezer in a supermarket? (same question regarding spinach)
is your kale cooked or raw?
It might help if you say maybe how much milk you use, a cup of kale or so on.
AWE precious little baby Congrats!
could i possibly add a fresh banana and substitute the apple with frozen strawberry?
For people only just starting to make smoothies. I recommend Spinach instead of kale for a starter as Kale has a very 'distinct' flavour. Although it's always good to rotate your greens to print the build up of toxins.
How much almond milk do you use ?:)
awesome! taste...thank you for sharing and i didn't even have to add the apple :)
Can you do normal milk or vanilla ice cream?
So love it. A great thing to do with kale so it's not stringing. Wash it then put it on a cookie sheet lined with wax paper or tin. Then put it in the freezer and freeze it. Once frozen store in a ziplock bag. Then when you need it toss right in to blender frozen. And poof no pulpy, string kale in you smoothie!!!
Does it taste like naked drink?
I am Not a Mom, but Thank you Very Much!!...
I am Not a Mom, but Thank you Very Much!!...
Do you have to add the bananas? because I don't like bananas in smoothies
your baby is so cute!!!
GREAT VIDEO! Thanks for this! I'm going to try it now :)
Awesome! You all should check out Simple Green Smoothies! http://simplegreensmoothies.com/ They have a lot of great kale recipes!
Can you substitute banana for strawberries?
Hi meg I love your recipes I'm only 15 years old I love cooking of my family like my mom , dad , sister  .... 😍Buy the way your kids are so cute😍
Tried the recipe and loved it....thanks!!!!
Im not a mom, im 14 and i love your guys diy's
Wow, that has a vibrant color :D Unfortunately I can't get that type of kale where I live, they just don't sell it, it's such a shame :/
Did Elle do a video this week?
Where is Elle
Where is Elle's video that should have been posted yesterday?
When is Elle going to make a video
omg looks like it tastes really good!!
We have the same cups!! You should do some more smoothie videos..:)
Please read! I just bought the green mason jar and love it!
hey! is elle posting this week?
Meg where is Elle's video
Where's Elle's video
You look great meg :)
I watched 11 things you didn't know about iggy azalea and she said she loves your parody, I'm so pregnant!
Yummy, I made this smoothie this morning. The first time I've tried kale. It was just what I needed to get through my morning!
You look great Meg!☺️
0 dislikes thats so great:-):-)love ya guys ♡♥♡
Im super Sure your a great mom and a great cook !!!!!
Great shake and very simple!  Will start to use-greetings from Australia!
Curious: what kind of blender do you use? Also, I would love to see that dyi mason jar tumbler! Can spinach be used as a substitute for kale?
Looking great Meg and what a cute baby :-)  Can you please tell me what kind of blender you use?  I really admire how you manage everything with three young children. Thumbs up !!
i've been using this recipe for a while now and I love it, the only thing is I substitute spinach for kale since I'm allergic and it's still delicious!
Hi Meg, what blender do you use? Do you use this to make baby food too? Thanks for another great video. As a first time mommy to be I really appreciate and look forward to them! :)
You should for sure get a sling! :) Love these recipes Meg, and you look absolutely stunning!
|You Guys Are Great I Just Started Watching You Guys Like 2 Days Ago.... And Your Awesome If your Reading This You Should Watch This And Subsribe And Like|
I'm vegan and I've never been crazy about coffee so I love smoothies to wake up too!
Mmm so yummy! My 3 year old daughter loves smoothies. I always make this one for her. :)
I am so going to try this. I couldn't eat kale for a whole year because it irritated my baby's stomach. But now I can! P.S. You can make your own Mason Jar tumbler. They are super easy to do. Get Brooke to do it.
What are the benefits??   Energy? Weight?
Do you have any ideas on how to get children to eat meat. My husband and I are vegetarians by choice but we allow our kids to meat. I need some ideas, tips, tricks on how I can get them to eat it. Oldest is 4 years old and youngest is 1. Thanks for any help you can provide.
Hey Meg!:) thanks for this recipe ~ I love smoothies in the morning~ just a tip I wanted to pass along - Fully Raw Krisitina ( here on Youtube) her channel has some delicious smoothies and juices, just btw! :) and Thanks for the video!!!!
Your looking great meg and Ryder is super cute
Dumb question do you peel the bananas before you freeze them? So doing this. Some nights are rough here too
Wow Meg, you look great! And this recipe is on my to do list. Much love xx
What kind of Taste does the parsley give off? Does it make a huge difference?
You look great Meg! That smoothie looks delish!
Looks super simple and yummy! Can't wait to try :)
Looks delicious..can't wait to try this out..thanks! x
My mason jar tumbler is teal. :)
Is there any alternate to Bananas? I'm allergic....
Could you use normal milk or do you have to use unsweetened almond milk?
YUM! I've been back on my smoothie game, so I definitely need to try this.
I'm going to try this tomorrow! Thanks for sharing.
Your amazing and I love your videos u should do a video about Alan please reply
Wow look at Ryder's hair! Looks like a delicious smoothie!
Cant wait to try this! You look great from just having a baby, he's adorable! :)
You look great!
He's so cute!!!!!! Must try this for tomorrow's breakfast!
Great Recipe! Omg...you're looking fabulous! No one would ever know you just had a bebe!
Great Recipe! Omg...you're looking fabulous! No one would ever know you just had a bebe!
Just finished drinking my own version of a green smoothie ... and I can't wait to try this one! Thanks, Meg!
3rd Comment!!!!
This looks delicious! I will definatley share this recipe with my family, we are obsessed with kale! I have been a fan of your vids for bout a year now, they are the highlights of my week! Thanks!
