Is more easy if you remove the front bumper 👍
Thanks
Good job sir❤❤
Is it the same for 90-2003 Honda accord models?
Thank you!
My car doesn't have the hoses that deliver the fluid up to the window are they not visible?
Thank you for the very informative video! Really helps rookies like me. I didn’t realize you could do this with a normal car jack. Will attempt this repair this week. Have a blessed week
Thank you for the vdo. I’ll try to diy now.
Fisrt video i seen make sense other vid they remove the fron bumper
I had a pack rat chewed hose I was able to splice and fix my leak. Only cost me a hose splice for .25 cents. Your video was helpful in getting to the tank and hose to troubleshoot my problem. Thanks for posting.
Very dirty car interior. Must be your girl friends
Thank you very much for this video! 👍👍👍
Thank you!!
Great video, start to finish, thorough with tips that are good to know for rookie mechanics and shade tree guys as well. Motivational!
Way better than taking the bumper off
Thanks for making this video!  I appreciate it!  Gives me a good guide to working on my 2004 Accord's reservoir.
Thank you Mitch!  Great video!
Excellent video and info. Thank you. Will help me tremendously
will this work for 09 honda accord euro
The only thing difficult about this job is getting it out,  which is the only thing you didn't show. Useless,  maybe next time you make a video you could skip the lesson in how fasteners work and ACTUALLY SHOW his to remove the part?
...I continue hearing more and more Good things about Bitter Apricot kernels the more research I do, I just recently learned Apricot kernels contain vitamin B15 "Vitamin B15 helps in the formation of specific amino acids such as methionine. It also plays a role in the oxidation of glucose in cellular respiration and like vitamin E – it acts as an antioxidant helping to strengthen the cell. This wonderful vitamin even helps the liver detoxify the body."  They are non-toxic all regular cells are 100% protected they convert the cyanide and benzaldehyde molecules to a harmless substance called thiocyanate. Some days I consume up to 20 apples if they are small in a smoothie or two Seeds included, if what some say were true I should not be standing. I did not build up a tolerance, the second time I consumed apricot kernels I ate 25, all-in-one mouthful no ill effects Whatsoever made my mouth numb though. Since I started consuming B-17 my health has been improving. : )Tyler Something I forgot to mention cancer cells have what's called beta glucosidase which leaves them unprotected to the cyanide and benzaldehyde molecules within the bitter apricot kernels appleseeds excetera. This is how it is able to Eradicate cancer from the body leaving zero scar tissue. Also keeps you from getting cancer, B-17 much like vitamin C keeps you from getting scurvy, when consumed in moderate amounts on a regular basis. To me it is Extremely Clear that consuming apricot kernels or B-17 Amygdalin from any source in large quantities is the Cure for cancer and in daily doses, like the old saying an apple a day keeps the doctor away, the Prevention.  I am a Firm believer that when a person has cancer in order to Cure Correct the disease (Dis-ease) a person must consume a B-17 Amygdalin rich source such as Bitter Apricot kernels in their Whole form for maximum effectiveness, in quite large quantities along with bromelain pineapple enzyme to Aid the absorption. I do not believe the substance/derivative Laetrile is as effective Especially when administered intravenously/intramuscularly, in Most cases my opinion. Iodine also plays a Very Important Powerful role in my opinion.   Be sure to check out my playlist titled (IMPORTANT!!!) all Capitals, you Will See where I'm coming from. Though that is just the tip of the iceberg many more videos I consider to be of Great importance Within my multiple other playlists if interested
Safety First not last have a future and a past ; ). Thank you for the video. Quick question for you, wondering if there is a drainage port with plug?  I have a 2008 Honda Accord, She's full with Summer washer fluid I now need to switch to the Winter fluid Thanks : )Tyler
Have a 2015 pilot with only 34k miles and already have a leaking washer fluid reservoir! Unbelievable.
Thanks for the video.  Enough info to know how to get at the resivoir.  A couple of tips though : 1.  Those clips don't come out so easy and most broke.  You can order them from amazon or ebay.  I would do this ahead of time as there will likely be several broken around the car.  2. For me the hose was cracked, and the reservoir was fine.  Just needed to fix the hose.  I would inspect before buying the reservoir.
sir plz make video on removing wiper washer tank & finding leakage of maruti suzuki swift
Real simple and informative thanks!
So where was the leak? Fixing that might have been cheaper.
Thanks, it is very useful. I do not see 2012 Honda CRV tank with Autopartswarehouse. Any other suggestion?
Thanks, I"ve founded it very helpful, easy to understand, Thanks again
realy good
seems like this is the american version accord. no sensor.
my friend has problem he just told me to fix his car but why u have damage any small accident
Thanks for the great video. Looks like the hardest part is to move the shroud and the clips out of the way without damaging the shroud. The shroud and the clips look flimsy.
Thank you very much. http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/
Thank you Mitch for posting this video. A big help to me!
thank you this will save my time
Thank you for the video. Very Helpful
I have a Honda accord 2012 where are the windshield washers nozzles located?
I have an 01' Civic that needs the reservoir or at least the sensor replaced. Would you imagine it is similar to the Accord? By that I mean close the wheel well so as not too difficult to get at?
I have to give you credit for this...thanks so much for this video....I save more $$ as a student just by following your instructions. Great video
Great video. Very thorough, and easy to follow. Thanks for taking the time to do it!
I'm going to take mine out in my 09 civic. I had an ex girlfirend break into my car and she poured motor oil into my washer fluid reservoir. Wish I had evidence to press charges... But taking it out and cleaning it should hopefully be easy. Thanks for the video!
I have a 2012 Honda Fit. Dealer wants $178 just to replace the motor. This video was a godsend. Reservoir w/motor is approx $46 at AutoParts Warehouse. Kudos!
Great informative video. Even though I own a different car, I watched your video to give me a general idea of how it's done. Thank you ☺
