Beautiful.
Aaaaamaaaaziiiinnng
Love the turquoise watercolour but instead of Ebony sand colour.
Will that work on marble or granite?
Wow
I need your advice on something
Nice
Hey that’s amazing I want to do that for my drive way I was Gna pour concrete squares and do a acid stain however the way you did it is amazing would that be practical outside in Southern California
Wow
This is gorgeous!
Patina ❤️❤️❤️
Suggest strongly that you Fix the first 15 seconds !!  No one needs to get dizzy, it looks childish.  Great job on the rest !!
What do you do if you have cracks in the concrete? Will the stain cover them if you fill them with a concrete filler so they won’t be visible?
Hey Kent, I found your video as I’m in the middle of doing this in my 700 sq ft garage.  I’ve added black acid stain to most of the floor and will be adding turquoise over it in the morning.  I know it won’t pop as much as what’s here but you’ve given me ideas of how to do the designs.  Kinda wish I would have seen your video sooner tbh!
I that a slippery surface ?
❤
So I have a question which I'm sure I can Google but since you are slightly on the magicalI'm going to ask you. If I stained cement that is outside in the blazing sun most of the time can I still put the primer epoxy and the urethane finish?
OH MY GOD!!!!!!!! that is so MAGICAL!!!!  I am going to do that with my back yard Quickcrete... Oh yeah
So I notice you didn't neutralize. Why? Did you not use acid stain?
do you do anything in nebraska or have any dealers
Hey Kent, I’m looking to get someone local to do the same project for my basement but only looking for one color. My question is about cost. I don’t want to get taken to the cleaners if you know what I mean. So what’s the average cost to have someone grind, stain and seal a 1200 square foot basement? It has a couple cracks in it. I live in southeast Wisconsin. Thanks!
Will the acids hurt my skin if I’m contact?  Also what about transition point when going from room to room not finishing in one day?
We have a 3160 sq ft basement. Link for quote?
Hello Kent,im opening a shaved ice business and would love to stain the cleared concrete floor ,its 2500 sq ft , what is a rough estimate for staining floor that size ? Thank you sir for your time
When I attach my garage or basement this is exactly how I want to do it.
Where u located
oooh forevermore 🤩 Sweet dreams are made of these!
Could you apply a similar treatment to vertical concrete elements? i.e. walls and columns?
1:55 ? What EPOXY PRIMER did you use?
So gorgeous!  That stuff doesn’t mess with your lungs?  I noticed no masks.  Is it non toxic?
Im blown away.  Soo.        No neutralize process before primer or sealer?
Congratulations on a killer Garage Sale, Brenda🤗  Look these guys up…they will be able to set you up with everything you will need😉 https://www.concretecoloranddesign.com/ Best of Luck🙋🏻‍♂️
What colors are the stain and where do I buy?
Beautiful!! I am going to use these colors on a large concrete fish planter I just scored at a garage sale.
If yall was in Georgia, we'd totally use yall! We want this done but been having a hard time finding folks who can do this. Very beautiful!
Thanks for sharing. At 3:50 there is some white/chalky color, what is that?
Would this work on outdoor concrete? MN winters.
Great job Kent!  I'm really thinking about it if I should do some replacements now on my flooring. It had so much staining before. Since it was already a fifteen year old house, it was just natural that it had so much stains. I decided early last year to have it restored and cleaned regularly by one of the best Acid Stain Flooring Phoenix based cleaners https://ninjarestores.com/services/concrete-floor-finishers-near-me/. Not only do they clean floors, they also do general cleaning which was really a blessing! Now I'm really torn if I should I just maintain it or replace it haha!
can I use the same process and the same urithane on a countertop?
Hey Kent, very nice looking floor. I am making 300 lb concrete tabletops for these fire tables I'm building. I would like to pick your brain for two questions.. One: When I washed the surface after neutralizing I washed out a lot of the fine detail. How do I not do that? And for a tabletop, I want a really smooth finish. Do you know of a sealer that doesn't leave such a stippled/textured finish? I grind these things down to 3000 grit, only to have the sealer bring me back to 220 grit, lol. If you have time for this, cool. If not, I get it also. Thanks.
How much I should charge  sqf for one of this job?
https://www.concretecoloranddesign.com/
Where can I buy this I want to do my garage
Did you use acid wash?  or just stain?  Water based?  and, did you water the stain down at all?
Would this process work for radiant heat floors? Pretty sure it's a yes but just curious.
Can u polish acid stained floor?
Could this be used for a low traffic small patio?
Are you also able to do it outdoors  On a cement walkway
Did you dilute the ebony? looks very light.
What exact products did you use? Like what things should I have for the whole kit. I live in a rather small country In Europe and I have searched for these concrete stains in internet for 2 hours and I can´t find anything really. Really nice video btw!
it looks like various paints were spilled on the floor randomly. yikes.
❤️😍😲
Where do you get the uerethane coating?
Beautiful!  We are looking at a similar design for our lanai.  Thanks for posting!
i love those dreds!!!!
Absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!! WONDER IF I could do my driveway exactly like that!?!?
Your camera work made me sick
Yes... Neutralizing is a part of the process when using Acids😁 Good luck on your project👍
Hi Kent, did you neutralize the acid or go straight to the urethane finish? Thanks. Getting ready to do a 1400sqft garage.
A Product named Newlook...the color is “Sierra” with “Mountain Brown” for the borders
scary but ok
Undoomed?
Love it
Why does it look wavy. The countertops and floors i do look smooth and glossy
Looks really nice.. You guys did a great job!  The colors look great..
Kent, also wondering what you used after you put on the acid stain to clean and neutralize it? What urethane did you use for the final gloss?
forget the colors as an owner Id be very disappointed in the quality. Its far from a glass like finish. You can see a very ruff sufface. I would not of paid for this botch job.
How would that hold up on a driveway in the Midwest?  I’d guess it would fade out as salt and ice jacked up the surface.
Keemstar
Great. Looks like a jamaican beach.
Sure...I’d be happy to help! Just send me an email from the “Contact Form” and we’ll get you hooked up?
Hey Kent. Is there a company you buy your stain from or a company you'd recommend to buy the materials through
Good job
24-hours dry time....flood Only - Nothing more to it!
so after applying the 2 colors of stain you just let it dry correct? You didnt broom it in or anything like?
So sorry 😐... Wished we could help you out😬  Would be glad to Coach you, though💁🏼‍♂️
Looks Awesome. Excellent. Great video.  Are you in the UK?
Hallo Kent. We love Your turquoise-brown floor, really looks like a coral reef in paradise. How can we get in touch with You, we would like to let our bathroom look the same ;) is it possible to get Your Webpage or phone Nummer, we hope to be able to get in touch with You! Many greetings :) Daniel
'm from another country, I can not find the prepared products. Do you know what the different sulfates are to color the cement with acid? Thank you!
May I ask what kind and Brand of urathane you used And with high traffic what would you recommend I can do the epoxy floors all day long, getting supplies is a pain but I am doing My own patio and I want it to be PERFECT. Thanks in advance
I'm curious about the preperation.. Did they etch or grind it before you came in?
Beautiful colors!
‭1 (801) 568-3509‬.... 9587 S 500 W, Sandy, UT 84070 United States
where do you get the stains and sealer?
Thanks for the compliment, Teresa!
This is stunning! Thank you for the video and inspiration!
Absolutely beautiful!  Is there a way to add something that would keep it from being slick?  My dogs would hate it.
Thanks for your interest in CDS! Please email me at Kent@ConcreteDesignSystems.Com and I will be glad to share with you more details about this Acid Staining project? Thanks 🙏🏻
How much per square foot would it be to have you do this exact design and color on my basement. 430 square feet approximately. Concrete is trowel finished and super clean
HIDEOUS!!! it looks like a nuclear accident or a toxic spill!
nice work
Thanks so much for your interest in CDS. Go to: ConcreteCoatingsInc.Com and look up “Vivid Acid Stains” These are the acid colors we use. Good Luck 👍
What brand of stain did you use? I can’t find those colors anywhere. Looks very cool by the way!
Beautiful.
Wow! What a great job!
Wow! Beautiful!
Was that primer poured on so as to adhere the poly to it? As I understand it, a primer  is used so as to adhere something to it. Always loved turquoise and rustic mix. Built a house which is still in a concrete state. This would be a good idea.
Great job guys! Thanks for the info. Beautiful!
WHAT IS THE NUMBER!!! THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
