To cut a circle you did something that is dangerous and NOT the best way to do that cut.  First, use a drill and drill a hole big enough for the blade to fit through.. Place the blade through the hole and then cut out the hole. Better and most importantly, safer.
Thanks Bababooey😊
Great video, helpful. Thanks
Likeeeeee from Brazil 👍 🇧🇷
I just used it to cut a few pieces of plywood boards https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxqqoaX03nrziKwF7Bjjcc71YzLEleMvOS works great. The blade that came with it isn't very good and I bought a much better bosch one which made much cleaner cuts. Blades were cheap, a few bucks.
Cool
Very well done video. Professional and well-thought out.
How much more work does it do more than the 4.5amp Black & Decker jigsaw without curve control.
So it's kind of hard to understand how this works normally like what situations do I need this curve control?
Thank you, you’re a good teacher, you gave such a great explanation!!  🎉
I have a 3" pcv pipe I need to cut in half, can I use this Black and Decker Jigsaw for that? Thanks.
Wow, so when I open the bag I can not only access the directions but also the blade? Top quality content.
The background music is irritating.
Hey man, just wanted to let you know someone stole your video https://youtu.be/G0cf3ijYaJU
Как ни крути,что ни говори всё равно Фиолент лучше всех!
Hi. My saw stops sometimes and doesn’t turn back on. It will randomly work and other times it randomly will not work.
Thanks
Good luck finding replacement blades for the jig saw Black and Decker.....Some guy at Home depot  told me blades were interchangeable. They are not. They are getting them back , 3 in a pack. Bah........most of these people know nothing about the tools.
Black dekker jigsaw is can use 220v power source here in the phils ?
What the series bro?
Nice helpful review  (I am thinking about buying one myself). I would like however, to see you making it clear that you retain and recycle (or at least responsibly dispose of) the plastic packaging (including small pieces cut off) of the products you unbox and review. Far too much plastic escapes into the environment and ends up causing destruction and completely unnecessary to living things of other species in our rivers, lakes and oceans. Far too few people too, seem to make the connection that allowing plastic to escape into the terrestrial environment is the first step in having it accumulate in rivers, lakes and the oceans, with wind and gravity as the accomplices to lack of care by human beings.   - Michael Barkusky, Vancouver BC
Excellent jigsaw!! Thanks for the review.
😊 Thank you!
Thanks
Tks dud ur the beast 👏🤘🏾👌🏾
huh...just got this and the blade is pointed forward and the locking lever does not go down as far as I would think.  Different from my current old B/D jig.  Seems funny.  I think I will keep my old one and use new blades.
Thanks so much! I’m a woman and I just purchased this saw to do some DIY’s and some craft projects. I wasn’t sure what to do first after I took the saw out of the box and I’m a visual leaner. I can read directions and try to figure it out but I like this, it’s just better for me! You did a great close up job of showing me how to put the blade in and turn the metal plate for different angels of cuts. I want to cut a small tree limb up into little round disks to make Christmas ornaments out of. I’m going to paint on each disk a snowflake and different things. Anyways thanks again. I truly appreciate this video. You did a fantastic job!
No light. People under estimate how important a light is in a power tool.
@4:35 What is the point on not drilling a corner to start pocket cut?
Thank you for your video. Very self-explanatory and I learned a lot on how I can use my saw.  Keep up the great job!
Thank you. You just prevented me from buying a mitre saw. I'm trying to make a 45 degree angle and didn't realize my plate was adjustable! You saved me hundreds of dollars today. Thank you!
I'm going to build a home recording booth with this thing! Thanks for the review!
There is no need to plunge cut as you have shown,just drill a small hole thru the waste side of what you want to cut.
Great video and great description! I love the unboxing as well as the alternate blades and explaining what the different blades do and mean. I appreciate that very much.
hi great review and very helpful thanks / can you tell me what output plug type i need to use please :)
is it variable speed from 0 strokes per minute?  can I cut steel with it?  could it be mounted  inverted under a table?
good job thanx
Nice review. I just bought this product.
the music bothers
What a model?
Great review but you forgot to mention there is a blower feature. Looking forward to getting mine soon. Thanks!
Thank you so much for that great tutorial. Let me tell you I bought the Black and Decker's jigsaw with Curve Control and I had no idea about all this options . You explain in a very clear and precise way every single use of this wonderful tool. Thanks a Thousand. !!!! have a bless day or night. jajaja. from Miami. Eliseo Pino.
just purchased this saw, thank you for the video. Wanted to confirm that my blade was securely placed, your video helped
I wasn't too sure about the blade attachment since I'm old school and use the screwdriver method. Your video helped me understand the quick release method. Thanks.
why made in china this tools but ...are you sure from u.s.a ahh mutor this tools
Ah... "pocket cut" so that's what it's called. Thanks man, wanting to get this jigsaw, but I wasn't sure if it would do the work I had in mind. To cut a square behind my desk. Seeing you do "pocket cut" answered all my questions. Thank you. 👍👍
Use a drill bit bigger than the blade
My brand new one was DOA and it's too late to bring back to store.
I like it very nice good plz subscribe my channel
Can I use this Jigsaw for cutting acrylic glass???
que poca vergüenza...BLACK & DECKER  nos engaña en facebook ESPAÑA con concursos que no se celebran te quejas y TE ELIMINAN ....PUES DEMANDA PUESTA Y A TOMAR POR CULO SINVERGÜENZAS
I got one works pretty good
Thank you
Thank you
cool i want 1 :)
thanks.  I just bought a used one for crafts. I have a second part time job at a rehab center do you have any good craft project ideas for the beginning beginner?
I am tempted to buy this cute little baby and make myself a beautiful custom shoe shelving with some wood and maybe one for my purses.
Nice review.  Sold.
You helped me making my decision so thank you 👍.
first question is how is the quality  of this cheap  product ? do you recommend to buy it or a bosch one for example the PEL 800 ?  another question is where did you get this background music ?
I bought one of these at home depot for 19.99, so far so good !
Another great video.  Keep up the good work.
Home Depot has these on sale for $29.99. I bought one this fall but haven't tried it yet. The quick release for the blade is fantastic. This replaces my old B&D jigsaw from the 1980's.
you are excellent
Hi Jeff, very detailed video! thanks. do you know if we can do 30 degree bevel cuts with this? or is it only 22.5, 45 degrees? Appreciate your comments.
Hey Jeff, nice video!  I have this jigsaw and learned a couple of new things.  Hey what bamboo laminate is that at the end of the video (company / model), if you know?  I've been looking for something like that.  Thanks!
i just picked this up today to rough in a waste pipe. it cut half inch wood like butter.  i think this will be worth the 40$
I bought one of these and like it but I find it difficult to see any drawn lines through the wire guide. Is anything adjustable to make this easier?
Very informative, Thank you!
nice video
Can we attach a super fine scroll saw blade to a jigsaw ,, is it possible !?
