Hi Greg  Thanks for this recipe followed it to the core using avocado oil but for some reason my butter had black pores and smelling like it’s going rancid only in a couple of weeks. What could I have done wrong or do we have to make sure to use it in a given amount of time?  I really hoped we could dodge the supermarket butter altogether as neither Coles nor Woolies have them on specials for some time now.
Canola is sooo bad for you
You could also add single cream instead of oil to soften the butter
Canola oil is extremely bad for you!
I’ve never seen easy spread butter, under any description, on Canadian store shelves. Just soft margarine! I’m going to make this, now the cold weather is here!
Greg, Can I point you to the youtube Nina Teicholz - 'Vegetable Oils: The Unknown Story. After which, I'm sure you will not want to advise the use of 'Vegetable oils' in any of the recipes. .
Could you use lard too?
You dont make your own butter lazy bastard just buy it kev
Avocado oil works best for me without the unwanted taste - your experience may vary - NEVER consume canola oil. - TERRIBLE stuff.
Hey Greg!!! DK if someone has asked this already.  But, would this work if you put the oil in the cream before you whipped it ?  Actually,  I don't really think it would, but, am wondering about that.  TYSM for sharing this technique with us .  😉😻🙏
too funny
New subscriber!!!❣️✌️🥰🦩
When you say 25%, does that mean you get around 300 ~ 375gr butter out of your 600ml cream?
Hey I just made this butter and  it turned out to be great, but one issue though the salt didn’t get dissolved along with the butter it’s quite  grainy and I can taste the salt crystals. Other than that it’s a perfect butter mate.
Looks yummy.😋 Wanna try it
I experimented and put lamb in mine. Yummo!
3:50 close ur eyes and let your imagination take over
Thanks Greg for your recipe.. Now I can cook!!
I was pleasantly surprise to find butter at the farmers market but the taste was not as good as what I buy in the supermarket sad to say.  It tasted greasy and bland with too much salt it that makes any sense at all.  I was thinking I could take that 7 dollar pound of greasy tasteless butter into "spreadable butter and add some canola oil to it if that would make it taste any better?  Anyone have any advice? (besides not to buy that butter anymore)??
Suggest you add the step of rinsing the butter with ice water to remove the excess buttermilk. It will make the butter last longer. After removing the buttermilk rinse the butter with ICE WATER until the water comes out clear (no longer milky). Then proceed with adding the oil and salt. Or add honey and cinnamon. Or mix herbs in. Or.... Well you get the idea.
how long does this keep in the fridge?
I already like this guy. Thanks for sharing this video!
Thankq sir
Oil filled butter on white bread (wall paper paste) SMH.... unreal :-(
NO!!! You just ruined the butter with TOXIC oil!!! It was perfect till you added that crap!
Such a waste of butter on this plastic store bought bread...... I would put extra effort and spend extra time and bake my own bread to appreciate this nice butter even more.
hi Greg, I use Avocado oil. has no taste but is a healthier option!
Ugly
Makes great butter. Well done.
Tried this one Greg and couldn't get the cream to split into butter! Back to the drawing board
Great info thank you!
We have the mixer
Mate, we use oil in margarine. Butter is purely made out of cream. What you made is a table spread and ain't butter.
What about sunflower oil
wait I thought u didnt have any kids?
Haaaaaaahaaaaaahaaaaaa cool man ,you moved into some fuckers kitchen to use their blending machine , Excellent ,I'm gonna have a crack at that. Thanks man ,brilliant.
greg how much salt do u recommend using ?
nice haircut Greg
Can it be used for cooking or baking
3:42 finger lickin taste test spotted!
Are you sure this is Greg's kitchen? Doesn't look right...
yeah people donate to patreon so greg can keep travelling around the world
Not having spreadable butter should be a sin.
this is a must try
LOL Greg....is that your root's kitchen or your mums? :)
thanks greg👍
New house? Or greg getting lost again?
Hate butter. Saturated fat content is too high and causes heart disease.
Hi Gregg, my mum thinks you are amazing and gorgeous and wants to marry you. what do you say?
hi greg i got a really importent question. when making pizza dough is it really nessesary to use self raising flower or cant  i use all purpose flower? p.s. can you mention me in ur next video that will be very helpfull and i love ur videos i come home everyday and the first thing i do is check oit ur videos i love the way u always stay happy and joke around while cooking and i love making most of ur dishes and ur currently my no.1 youtuber so thank you and please continue to make amazing cooking videos cus life seems so much happier when i see ur amazing recipies and for people who dont like this channel too bad ur life is sad so dont bother with negative comments cus GREG DOESNT CARE. thanks greg ur amazing
Wasn't that a mouthful :3
righto Greggy who's the lucky lady
This is delicious stuff but too much will add inches. Is that why it's called BUTTer?
wait a min I know where ur at Greg ur at Ana house aka cooking with Karma
give me a shout out man
BUUUUUDDDDDDDAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Luv you're vids, I want to start making my own for fun. Will a good go pro and decent Apple work for this? Plus it be good for you to finally meet me in some way along with other youtubers!
I love you Greg
2 mice fell in a bucket of cream, the first mouse struggled to get out for a bit but gave up and quickly drowned. the second mouse wouldn't give up, he fought with everything he had kicking and clawing, he fought so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Moral of the story... butter is life!
your hair looks extra good in this video
lmao get em Greg
Dang! I have to make this!!!
YOU MOVEDED
Great Video!
whose house is this greggo?
I've been waiting to see you make Butter! Love this recipe Greg! Love Butter, too! YUM! TFS :D
Budddaaaahhhhh ;D
Looks great Greg
4:46  savage
looks nice grego can't wait to try thank you for sharing :-)
mmmmmmm Buuuudddaaaaahhhh
greg to you spread butter on your neighbour and lick it of him
$800 AUS blender. lol.
Once saw a guy making butter using a toilet brush!!! Will be trying it your way though!!
Can you also make garlic butter this way?
buddah makes me feel beddah
the most Greg recipe ever, just butter
whos kitchen is this?
Dam that,s looks to easy to make  So I will have to try to make it  O Wate i don,t have one of those mixer things  L.O.L
I saw Simple's video about homemade butter and commented "Eww" and people were "Why ew?" Because it looked like someone pooped it out :) This looks much better. Not so lumpy and waxy.
Wow....... good idea
Canola oil is actually good for you. Clever idea, I'm going to have to try that.
But that's not Greg's actual Kitchen
BUTTER!!!!
Very cool Greg! I will try this out. Thank you :)
whose house did you break into
Where the hell are you at?
Woow wonderful i'll do it , thaaaanx for ur perfect videos 😍☺
nice mate
I do this with regular butter. For every stick of butter you add a fourth cup of canola oil. It goes further, stays soft in the fridge but doesn't melt on the counter in summer. I wait till there's a good sale on butter and buy a shit load. I do make butter from scratch if I can get the heavy cream at the right price but that rarely happens. Good on you son, great idea for soft buttah lol :o)
Ya know you don't do much in the kitchen when you get shocked that cream can become butter lol
So, is this more like a margarine?
Cover me I'm budduh;)
New kitchen greggo?
Damn Greg I really want to support you mate. Hopefully I find a way to save my pocket money to fund your wild escapades.
is this usable in any recipe that needs butter or is it only for spreading?
Greg u got originality and great content as i saw a lot of useless channels making shit content having tons of views just becoz they have bloody cute dogs , children,etc. keep up the good work and you will have a ton of views
That is spreadable
Why do u need to make a video on how to make butter I think everybody knows how to make butter
YEAH! FINALLY AT BUDDAHH VIDEO! NO GREGO'S PURE CREAM, GREGO'S CANOLA OIL??? BTW, did you move or are you on vacation?
Is that your neighbors' kitchen that you borrow hot chilis from? :D :D
buttahh
Butter companies hate him
Greg, where did you film this your house?
was gonna say, what kitchen pantry were you hiding out in?...but that butter looked nice, bro...peace
enjoyed this :)
Always look forward to your videos Greg. :)  Easy spreadable butter, I'll have to try and make that looks good.
r u at ur mums place
Dear Greg,  I love your videos! But I don't have any money to support your Patreon.. Sincerely  Charlie
BUDDAH..!!!!!!!!
you are a genius my friend    :)
That was so easy! Why buy from the grocery store when you can make this with no preservatives. Just think about all the flavor possibilities.
Hell yeah! I've mistakenly made butter before myself 😂👌🏼
Gregg you broke into a church??
I use butter as a moisturizer.
Did you get that recipe from Simple Cooking Channel?
This is the ultimate Greggo vid
Easy spread Butter ? Hell Yeah
Don't worry I'm a woman.
I'm going to rub that butter all over you Greg....ILMAO
Where the heck did you get that accent from?
How old are you Greg, about 30-35
come on grego when you gonna make a francesinha
dream come true
Easy spread Baaaaaadddaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
mmmm  budda
Homemade Butter I think it's better than the butter you get at the shops
BUDDAHH  !!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so happy thxs Greg 😂
Cheers, Greg!
mmmm thank you!
Great video Greg, thanks for the recipe on how to make your own "easy spread butter"!
Perfect now you can make a monte cristo Greggo!
HI Greg, great recipe.  When you start the whipping, does it hit whipped cream stage and you continue to whip till it hits the butter stage?
Love you a lot!
I've got a simpler solution to "easy spread butter". It's called storing it at room temperature, like it's supposed to be.
Me'a Makin, black pepper, garlic, jalapeno butter :)
What kind of bread is that at the beginning?  Looks amazing!
what Mr.G
Hey, That's not your kitchen.
Is that your new house?
Can we befriends 😁😂😅
I'm going to find a man that can cook like you Greg. Not to many guys enjoy cooking these days..lol
Is that your Mom's kitchen?
hey Grego, I couldn'd help but notice you misspelled buddah in the video, title and description. just letting you know mate
At least they will have freshly made easy spread butter 😂
give it to me plz 💔
Aaammaazzzing!  Taste test was funny. thanks. Where the heck where you? looked like a church camp kitchen storage area. ha
great
You sir are a true genius  !!
You've got one of the best and funniest channels on YouTube, good luck. :)
omg when you shoved that piece of bread in your mouth...#actualpictureofme I can't resist bread and butter.
Greg when are you going to make the white sauce
i have to try that, but i have not that kind of a machine for mixing. ohh my arms :(
Desk at 4:50 would look less out-of-place if it were white or metallic, preferably white. Also, the space that paperwork on the desk takes up could be free with a desktop file organizer on the shelf next to it, or in the back corner. Just be sure the paperwork that sits for too long in the organizer, gets filed away properly, and the organizer won't become an eyesore full of papers.  It's such a nice little kitchen/pantry otherwise.
Looks good
Greg where r u!?!
Greg's Kitchen - You Buddah believe it. Awesome.
Budda!
Greg!!!! Nooooo :( Don't go to the dark side :(
Lucky thing you broke into someone's kitchen which had that great mixer.
that's awesome
No easy spread butter? I would go nutz!
Easy spread butter is butter left out in an air tight container. Only keep a little out at a time but there's nothing better than real butter.
You're in a different scenery today.
Genius!
You should break into someone's house every Sunday from now on XD
Someone's been watching The Simple Cooking Channel...
delicious buteer
I use the light olive oil.  Love the bone handle knife!! I have about 5 of them from my mother, we used them in the 1960's when I was little. They are the best for spreading!
Thank you Grego! !! I will try it soon and hope you all the best.
you're the best Greg.
today is my big brothers birthday! his name is juan!☺
whos kitchen are u In Greg
some Buddddaaaaaahhhhhh
♥♡♥♡♥♡
Great stuff Grego! Happy to be a patreon supporter of this channel. #thumbinlove
Hey I suggested this(͡° ͜つ ͡°)
Greg ur made out of butter aren't you
I never seen the oil version before. awesome. can't wait to make some. where are you at somewhere in Brisbane?
It's always ON Greg's Kitchen, even if we're not IN Greg's kitchen!  So Greg, how do I stop myself from eating all the whipped cream I'm gonna end up with, before it turns into butter?  HOW?!
outstanding Greg!! truly I gotta try this asap! I can go crazy with this and add any favors I want. 😃
K
Grego you are the best
Greg??    Dicks out for Harambe
first
😘😘
5TH VIEW 1ST LIKE AND FIRST COMMENT PLEASE REPLY GREG
