Well, that's that mystery solved. 😅
Can i use brown butter that was brought back to room temperature softness?
Can i use brown butter?
Hi Gemma I tried this recipe and it was a complete disaster. I usually try your recipes and they work out great for me but this one didn't came out well. After whipping the meringue I added the butter and it because soupy so I kept it in the fridge for 1 hour and 30 mins but still it was soupy and way thin then yours in the video before putting it in the fridge 2:25. So I kept it for another hour in the fridge and then there was water beneath the white frosting. So I freeze it overnight and I next day I whipped it but still as it cooled down it became watery. Can you plz tell me where I went wrong?? What was my mistake in this whole process???
Can we use a bit less butter
Hi Gemma.... Can we use this meringue recipe to bake meringues
Mine was nice but wasn't quite white, was rather a bit yellow. Why was that? My egg white were slightly yellow after I dissolved my sugar.
Hi Gemma..will this melt to room temperature?
miss Gemma may i know what's the best frosting for spongecake
Can we use amul delicious butter in this recipe??
What's the difference between butter and margarine
Want to do it.. but what is the quantity of egg,sugar and butter?
Can I put a strong coffee brew to make it for a coffee cake?
Hey Gemma after whipping the egg whites and adding the butter my frosting remained the same consistency and never got thinner, is this incorrect?
Gemma i had a question. I have seen some french buttercream recipes and they call for eggyolks Do we eat raw egg yolks by eating french buttercream?
AssalamOalaikum I have a question? I have tried it two times but my sugar did not dissolve completely
#SwissButtercream #GoalAchieved  Swipe 👈🏻to see the smooth fluffy cloud like frosting.  It held up pretty well in this crazy weather and fluctuating temperature here in the Philippines. Thank you again @gemma_stafford of @biggerbolderbaking for your fool proof video tutorial, I did not panic as much trying to achieve it😁although since I only have a local brand hand mixer, I can still feel my hand vibrating way long after I have done the frosting, so it felt like I was holding my hand mixer all day turned on in high speed🤗  Always.  Be kind.  Choose love.  Pray for everyone.  #ThankYouLordForEverything #AveMaria
I made this frosting but it smells Eggy how can I prevent egg smell from the frosting
Can u make this with dark brown sugar
Hi Gemma, does this stay stable even without adding Cream of tartar ?
Can you add flavored extracts or cookies or purées of any kind like you did in the American buttercream?
When I make other Swiss meringue buttercream in the past I always find them too buttery and almost slimy in my mouth. I want to make a buttercream that tastes not too sweet like American buttercream but not to buttery. Is this icing like that? And if not can I reduce the butter quantity a tad bit or not? Xx
Can you use this to cover a cake and then cover in fondant or would it hold up and keep its shape well?
Hi gemma i recenly made a swiss meringue buttercream put it on cake put cake in the fridge for a hour andthen put ganache over it but the buttercream is coming through how long does swiss meeingue. Buttercream take to set
Hi gemma when frostinga cake with swiss meringue buttercream how long should i leave crumb coat before covering with  second coat tia
Thx. Today is my husband's birthday. I was going to make lemon cake with lemon curd for him. For frosting i was confused. But i will make this one as it is light.
hello, I too want to make swiss buttercream but can't because of egg whites . Can u please tell me how can I make it without eggs?
Hey Gemma,I love your videos you a great baking teacher! But I can't trust your recipes anymore.I tried this it didn't work.I tried the puff pastry it didn't work I tried the recipe for the rose it didn't work.I am still watching your videos and I enjoy them everyday but can you tell me where I might have gone wrong? Thnx
Is it possible to add gelatin to stabilize it
hi Gemma! just want to ask if you immediately whip the white eggs after removing it from heat? or should i put it in fridge before whipping?
I tried this and it turned out well for me. I whipped the egg whites until it was cool. Then I added the very soft (almost melted cause I got impatient and microwaved it) butter. The mixture turned soupy but thanks to previous comments, I didn't panicked and just kept whipping it. Eventually, it came together. It was easy and yummy. :)
Hi Gem-ma! perfect for my new Russian ball tips!
helloo... tried ua swiss mering recip .. with dulce de lecha... it turnd super..thnx mam..   pls share the method of glazin on cakes ..like leopard print glaze..
Before watching this recipe I have made Swiss meringue butter cream and threw it out every time cause it was the texture of thick milk but now I now to chill it down good tip ☺
where should I put my cakes after decorating with smbc & how long it will be ok in normal temperature.   pls help
Nice and easy but would u suggest any substitute for egg whites.... Or a vegan recipe for meringue
Hey Gem!! you teach us perfection every time.. thanks for making me a better baker.
Hi Gemma! This is the perfect buttercream recepie! But I want to know if I can use egg replacement whey protein powder to make it eggless. If yes, how will the method of making the frosting change? Please help!
Do you know how to make a cream cheese swiss meringue buttercream?
Perfect and simple as always!! <3
Thank you for your videos. I made Italian buttercream yesterday....and it was soupy like what you showed in your video.....do you I could of salvaged that?
can i use margarine?
Perfect recipe!!  Thank you so much Gemma! 😘 It's my favourite now! My son who used to find American buttercream too sweet, loved this!
Help I'm whipping the eggs and sugar but it is still liquid
Great!;)
Hello! Can I put it in the refrigerator  for a night so I can work with it the next day?
What is the recipe for that cupcake
Hi, Can I use handmixer for this?
hi gemma! this is so nice thank you for the recipe! I want to know that if it's okay to put shortening ? cutting the measurement of butter in half and substitute it with shortening?.. I'm really afraid that it might melt if I didnt put any shortening in it since I'm living in the philippines 😔.. the weather here is unpredictable but always Sunny 😒😔
Hello bold baker, can I use  hand mixer instead of a stand mixer?
Will it melt?  :/
Can this be done with a hand mixer?
It's a good video
Hii gema can I use margarine for this recipe or any other buttercream recipe?
Great recipe, im sure going to use this Swiss meringue Buttercream for my mother's birthday today. :)
is it possible to reduce only sugar quantity in the same recipe,   as i dnt like more sweeter taste like buttercream frosting
Hi Gemma,  need ur help. the Swiss meringue butter cream I made looks a little curdled and is not as thick as the one you made in room temperature.  Where do you think I went wrong ?? pls help.
if I use less egg and suger, will there be any change in the cooking time?
I have pop piping bag but I don't know how to make butter cream...I always fail
These cupcakes look really good - is there a recipe for them on your channel? Xx
Can you color it? I want to use it for a baby shower and want to color it blue
Hi Gemma, will the swiss meringue buttercream melts when it gets warm again?  because mine didnt hold its shape when it gets back to room temperature :(
Gemma, Can you teach us how to work with aquafaba?
Love your nails❤
Can this be done with a hand mixer? I don't have a stand mixer :(
Hi gemma can I replaced it with ovasil?
Any subsitute for eggs
Italian meringue buttercream recipe plz.......
I tried making it with the cocoa powder as you suggested and the mixture just became soup. What should I do, when do I add the cocoa?
Gemma I tried it but it turned in to a total liquid it didn't help even if I froze it :( it's because you didn't give the measurements
Hey Gemma I just wanted to know, in your written recipe you said to use fresh egg whites. Is it okay for me to use the egg whites that I've stored in the freezer?
Hi Gemma! Great recipe! Can you use a hand mixer? and If you can, do you have any tips?
Hi Gemma, thanks for this video! If I were to make this salted caramel flavoured, should I dissolve brown sugar with the egg whites instead of white, and then add in salt along with the butter? Or should I make this recipe, make the salted caramel separately and then add it in at the end? Thanks!
can we use microwave to disolve the sugar
how many cupcakes will it frost?
how do I make it chocolate frosting
Hi gemma. Love your recipes!One question, if I want to put in other flavour, let say horlicks, how much is the measurement?Thank you：）
this is the answer to people who don't have the paddle.. thx gemma
Omg, gimme frosting 🤓💟🎄🎁👍🏻
can i ice a full cake with this?
Can I cover 3 layer of cake with this recipe or I have to double the recipe??
can i use a hand mixer to beat? i dont have the machine😞
can i use meringue as whipped cream?
Are we eating raw egg whites ??
thank you. can i make it chocolate by using cocoa powder? how much should i add. i dont usually have chocolate bars in the kitchen . thanks again! ^_^
i did this for my chocolate cake and instead of using vanilla extract i put salted caramel
Please please tell me where I can purchase these so so lovely measuring spoons?
Hi Gemma, will the frosting retain its shape even if its placed in room temperature for hours ? Like frosted cupcakes ?
Gemma, your channel is amazing
Hello Gemma, Do u think you can make a M&M And Oreos Cookie mixed Ice cream? I really Like those two so does my cousin Raylrnn, so...can u?
May I know the proportion of egg whites, sugar & butter?  thanks
please make apple pie
can you show us how to make royal icing without meringue powder??😊
I think I am going to be a bold baker like you, watching, saving and enjoying your videos with easiest ideas ever. Thank you so much!!!
Hi Gemma I have request can u show how to make a vegan Lindt strawberry cheesecake chocolate  I have a special friend who likes this chocolate I want to make this chocolate and surprise them please can you make this chocolate
is it icing sugar or just granulated sugar?
Hi Gemma!! You might have answered this before, but which good quality vanilla do you recommend?
Hi Gemma can you make veinese wirls?
For your next bold baking basic can you make a no knead white bread?
can you make a video how to make cream puff. :D
How much of each ingredient do we use?
Hey! For anyone doing this just make sure that when u want to incorporate your butter , the meringue is COMPLETELY cooled down , or else you'll end up with a soupy mess like my 2 previous attempts at meringue :3
Hope you can make decorating cake tutorials with this Swiss buttercream! Happy Baking! 🎂 🍪🍩
can you make brownies
This looks great, Gemma! I love it! 😍😋❤️
Yum
Can you make Brioche ? I love it
The sugar looks like cum
can I use a stand mixer for this? thank you for that wonderful tutorial and tips,
Swiss meringue buttercream is one of my favorites. Thanks for the tip about putting it in the fridge to firm up a bit.
Can you make a four ingredient cake
Can you make a four ingredient cake
Can you make a four ingredient cake
Can you make a cake only using flour,sugar,milk and egg
Can you make a cake only using flour,sugar,milk and egg
Plz make chocolate ganache
Swiss meringue BC is my go to frosting 😍 it's literally better than buttercream.
I used my stand mixer only but after adding butter u freeze it but i didnt
hi gemma! thanks for this. i always wanted to make this but somehow im a bit scared to try. anyways, can u put flavor to this? like using strawberry jam? if possible how much should i add? thanks.
No i didnt actually before u upload this i saw of yolonda i guess u know her i made of her it ruined my frosting bcos i didnt freeze bcos she also don't
I've got a little time this weekend so I think I'm going to give this a go (nervous!) and if it turns out well, I'll freeze it for next month.  I've got 2 holiday cakes I'm making and I think this would be the perfect frosting!  Thanks so much for sharing!
I love your recipes they are awesome I love your channel and I think sometime you should make Banana Bread if you haven't already😀😀😊
u should do a video on cupcakes
wow i learn a lot from ur videos, and expect to see more basics videos. :)
I represent my school for cooking contest and I have a hard time making dessert out of vegetable. Can you help me with that?
Pleeaaaseeee can you make potato tator tots. Baked!!!!!!!!!!!🤗🤗🤗
DIY hot cocoa powder please?
Instead of adding vanilla, I recommend adding almond extract, it really brings out the flavor ;) I'm going to a bake off next weekend, and I want to show my friends one of your recipes. I'm thinking no-machine ice cream, but then you made a chocolate chip cookie pie, so I'm thinking I should just make that.,.what do you think?
I don't know how I've only just found your channel! I'm from Wexford too and had no idea! 😂
Sweet and beautiful, just like you!
is it just me or do you guys also love the way she says "whip"
super frosting😊nice
can this be done with a hand mixer
Thank you so much, Gemma. I am also one who requested this video. Gemma you are the best.
I so nice I like so much want to make
woww this is so cool anw so in love with your new hair
Hi Gemma can you make  homemade evaporated milk?
I'm so glad you did this video! I tried making it in the past but just like you said assumed I'd gone wrong as it wasn't very stiff. phew!
This looks SO GOOD
OMG!! thank you so much gemma for this recipe!!! every other recipe contains a candy thermometer and I don't have one so thnx alot for this recipe!!😙
Come on. You don't need to put it on the fridge. Just whip the whip until they're blood temperature (about 10 minutes) and then just add the butter and you're done. It's faster and easier. It's the first time I don't like one of your recipes
Gemma I like this so much and easy  love it 😎😎😄😄😄😀🍎🍏🍎🍏🍎🍏🍖🍗🍖🍿🌯🍿🌯🍜🍛🍜🍛
Gemma, I tried this before too and also popped it in the fridge to harden abit. It did. But just about seconds of whisking, it turns lose again...
Hi there Gemma, could you please show us how to make a traditional orange syrup cake. I always remember my mom making it  for church on Sundays and would love for you to make it.
Hi
I made it, it was so good.     try it out
Thanks Gemma for this basic and useful recipe. I´ve always wanted to have the recipe. Thanks again!  Patricia.
Nice ...Can you make more ice-cream videos?
i dont think thats how u do smbc
Thanks Gemma appreciate all the hard work you put in your videos for us!
who were the winners of the giveaway
u didn't give a Sneak peek of what's coming up next week
Looks amazing Gemma! You really make my day whenever you do a new video, so stay awesome! And please can you make another ice cream video? I've made all of them and they are FAB! xx
Hii Gemma can we mix those ingredients in a food processor or a mixer
Amazing 😍💜 so is it safe to eat while pregnant?
can you do lunch series
Hi Gemma, Love your channel. Could you please make something with a combination of chocolate and orange? SOmething gooey in texture like a pudding or an ice cream or a cheesecake. You choose :P
you said we will add something hot, but what is it ? 😁😓
Oh YUMMMM!!!!
Could you tell me how I messed up a cream cheese frosting? I was making pumpkin whoopie pies this past weekend and I made the frosting to go with it. But it looked like my frosting had split. And it just wasn't as light and fluffy as yours is. Please help! Or better yet can you do a video on common baking things we get wrong and tips on the correct way to do them! Thanks! I love your video!
Thank you Gemma! Btw you look so gorgeous 😻
can you make videos of different types of frosting? like the italian meringue frosting?
can i make the mering only without butter?
Do you prefer the taste of Swiss merengue or regular buttercream?
I love you so much. My sister an I tried making this frosting months ago and we kept getting fluffy frosting until adding the butter and we kept thinking we did it wrong and gave up and left it that way. we got a similar recipe from howtocakeit but they never mentioned that its suppose to be that consistency after adding the butter and we have to put it in the fridge. Im trusting you for all my baking endeavors.
Thank you so much Gemma for this
Ohhhhhh yummy yummy!  I'm not a fan of straight up buttercream as I find it too buttery a lot of the time........I know....what kind of Irish person am I?.....not liking the buttery taste?.....I'm ashamed of myself, heehee.  Anyway, this looks like the perfect happy medium of velvety meringue and buttercream.  I can't wait to try this one.  Thanks Gemma.  Oh, just a quick question though......could this be used for flavoured frostings, like say chocolate or maybe adding strawberries or raspberries?  And if yes for the chocolate, would it be best to use cocoa powder or some cooled, melted chocolate?  Thanks for the great recipe, as always. Lee xx
Gemma is there any substitute for egg
This is a new one for me - I love it and can't wait to try it. I hate stand mixers tho, hubby gave me one for my birthday a few years ago and I used it once, so I still use the Sunbeam Mix Master given to my parents as a wedding gift in 1946 [dad had it refurbished years ago], it's just easier and more convenient to use and the end result is the same. One question - does the frosting settle after being applied?
hi Gemma can you answer my question
This is interesting to watch because I learned how to make this differently. I was taught that you should whip the meringue to stiff peaks until it is down to room temperature so it doesnt melt the butter when you add it in. Thats why i whip it up for about 10 minutes, putting ice packs under the bowl so it cool down. That way I have instant SM frosting instead of a very loose frosting that needs refrigerating.
This is a great recipe for Swiss Meringue buttercream that is NOT toooo sweet.
how do we know if the egg whites fully cooked? it looks like it isnt the temperature that will kill bacteria
what's the difference between Italian meringue buttercream and swiss meringue buttercream?
Gemma plzzzz show us how to make burger buns
This recipe is definitely great! i've always used the nornal buttercream, but after i came across a video that teaches us how to make SMBC, ive stopped using the normal ones. Im asian, n i believe most asian doesnt hve a very sweet tooth, so whenever the normal ones calls for 3/4cups of icing sugar, it wiĺl turn out super sweet while this is just right for me n my family taste bud! just that i would usually freeze the SMBC for 15mins n whip it until just right instead of refridgerating for 1hr 😊
Gemma I had no Idea that you lived in Los Angeles! But I love your videos. Iv'e been a subscriber since the beginning :)
Wow that was just amazing
you have good recipes
Could I put food colouring if I wanted a different colour?
Hi Gemma, can I use margarine instead of unsalted butter?
Last time I made this buttercream, it completely curdled as soon as I added the butter :( any ideas on what I did wrong?
OMG AM I EARLY?! :) FRIST TIME TO BE EARLY! :)
Could you do Italian meringue buttercream? I always have trouble with it, so maybe you have some tips?
Amazing I have to make it soon
I've always used the recipe from "kitchen conundrums" I'll have to try this one!
How can I make this into a chocolate icing? Just by adding cocoa powder?
homemade coffee creamer please
My favorite frosting to pipe with! light n fluffy yummy
Hi, I love the buttercream it looks good, by the way can you make chocolate marble bread? - Thank You :)
Kiwi juice*
I love your recipes please make a kiwi smoothies for your new video thank you!!!!
great to know for the holidays!! Thank you. just, how woyld I know the measurements? 😆
I love  you  vind💖😀😍😎
can you please make a simple banana bread recipe please? (:
Please can you do a gingerbread video as its my favourite festive treat! Also I love your frosting it's great! Xoxo
Very  easy step by step tutorial how to make Meringue Buttercream Frosting. thanks dear Gemma :)
make macarons please
It's usually time consuming. Thanks for simplifying it
I like her hair.
VIDEO ON MONDAY AAAAAA
can you make Oreo cake
Must try & share this with my sister!
I love this Gemma it's so easy to make. Thank you
great work Gemma keep it up 👍😍
Another great tutorial. Definitely making this. I watched dozens of bakers but didn't feel confident to make this, but now I am. Will let you know the outcome soon. LOLxx
Love swiss meringue buttercream! Great tips as always Gemma! :D
Gemma, this may sound like a stupid question, but do you have to keep any frosted leftovers refrigerated; or can they be kept at room temperature.  Would the frosting start to breakdown and/or separate if kept at room temperature?  Thanks for your clear instructions and great recipes!
Please make a pumpkin cheesecake pie!!!❤️
Looks fantastic :D Another cooking basics for my OneNote!
does it taste like butter ?
Love this gemma cant wait to try this.
yay I'm irish too just found ur channel and it's my fave already! xx
Could you make gingerbread cookies please!!
I tried it but it ruined my frosting melting
This whole time I thought you were in Ireland. 😳
Can you do mascarpone buttercream?
Do you think that swiss meringue buttercream is better than buttercream frosting??
any substitute for egg whites ?
hi gemma i dont know if you remember me i ask about a panoose recipe i think in your curd video. i found a recipe for it on trini cooking with natasha if you are still intrested in what it is.
Yum!  Does this taste the same as Italian meringue?  Also I was wondering if I can use gluten free flour in your croissant recipe?
thank you so much just in time for my daughters birthday tomorrow. thanks again have a good week
looks so good :)
thank you so much! I can never seem to get swiss meringue right!
Thought she was from Ireland....
love all your recipes!!
Italian Meringue should be next!
Hi Gemma it's 'bakingbyhannah' her friend she got a new phone and hasn't backed it up yet and she know I watch you and she loves your videos and loves putting a smile on you're face by leaving a nice comment so she can't go on YouTube so I just wanted to tell you about how much she looooves your videos Xxx
Gemma I would love to get a small batch frosting recipe for about 6 cupcakes which isn't too sweet! If you could send me some recommendations or put up a new video for the same, that would be LOVELY!
hi! Gemma will you make almond flour if so can you plz tell me when?
Did you change your hair, Gemma? It looks nice. :)
Gemma always bringing the goods!! YUMM I LOVE FROSTING!!!
amazing
can we do this using hand mixer
can I add a softened cream cheese and butter combination?
Gemma, you must be an X-men or something! Just this weekend I was wondering about meringue frosting!
Nice and simple! Could you make an eggnog video?
Hey Gemma, I have a quick tip. Normally after cooking the egg whites and sugar I let it whip in my KitchenAid until it is no longer warm and is completely cooled down, also it is better if you're butter is a little harder than room temperature that way if you are using a stand mixer it doesn't really matter cause it will break the butter down. After adding the chunks of butter let it whip for a while, I find that it makes the consistency more light, fluffy and thick. This also means that you don't need to put it in the fridge after you make it.  Love from Singapore! xx
yes now I have three main frosting from my favourite baketubers   How to cake it's- Italian meringue buttercream  your- Swiss meringue buttercream  Laura in the kitchens - American buttercream/frosting
So lovely! I may not be able to eat this frosting lol but I always enjoy watching! 💗💗💗
What are the measurements of your ingredients??
Thank you, Gemma!
Perfect recipe!!!! Thank you!! 💕💕
thanks for sharing …looks delicious  ……Gemma can u  plz make some recipes other than sweet recipes 'cause i'm not a fan of cakes  (sweet based recipes) …… BTW ur videos are really helpful …
perfect timing!! thank you so much I love you 💘
Thanks Gemma
Thank you so much! I always wondered how long it would last, good that we can save the leftovers for an giant oreo cookie or other small things, I mean, big and bold, but single serving!
The last part when you iced the cupcake was somehow satisfying. I don't know why...
Cool frosting...
I Have Always Wanted To Try Swiss Meringue Buttercream But I Live In Barbados And Its Super Hot All The Time So I Was Wondering How Well Does It Hold Up In The Heat? Will It Melt If Its At Room Temperature?
I love you sooooooooooooooooooiooooooooooooooooooooiooooooooooooo much Gemma!!! Your so amazing and talented and so flipping cute! I ❤️ u to the moon and back! Do you reply? ❤️️💛💚💙💜
Gonna try for sure 😊
Love, love, love your easy recipes for us. Thanks for share.
The buttercream looked good! Thanks for sharing Gemma
I can eat meringue by itself without any butter or salt it, it just tastes really good I just love meringue!!!!!!!!
Egg white is completely safe to eat raw because it doesn't have the certain components that the yolk has (basically the yolk is what you have to look out for because that's the actual chicken)
When I learned how to make Swiss Meringue Buttercream, I was told to beat the egg whites until the bowl had no residual heat. That way, once you've added in the butter, you can use it immediately and it'll have a better consistency. "Saving" the frosting by leaving it in the fridge after creating a meringue soup doesn't generate nearly as nice, fluffy, or smooth of a texture.
hi...i cant use butter in my cream because its too hot where i live. i found a vegetable shortening which is too much firm and doesnt melt without high heat. i tried to use is but it made my cream crummy not smooth. should i melt it first in high heat and mix er with the meringue then freeze it and whip again? i asked many people about this and couldn't find answer. its so sad that i just badly wanted to make some frosted cake... 😔😔💔
honestly you must add the butter ONLY if the bowl of the mixer is cooled to the touch and then you'd add the butter and whip. it is true that at first it'll be soft, if you continue, it'd look curdled and then like fluffy frosting. it would take like ten minutes of full whipping and you don't need to put it in the fridge! it will save you a lot of time!
gemma can you do a homemade Alfredo sauce please
Yum! My buttercreams are always so soft ans soupy so I think this will be great-your recipes always are. Thanks Gemma!!😋😋😊
can I use margarine instead of butter???
i live in swiss
This would help me a lot!!!!Thanks Gemma for the wonderful recipie!!!😊
Will this frosting sit and hold it's shape at room temp? Will it make good roses for on top of a cake? Thanks for all your great tips!
Can i just ask, (ive never made frosting or meringue) why add the butter when the meringue is already kind of frosting
I use cold butter to bring down the temperture of the mixture faster and it works like a charm!
Oh my god! I'm so happy you made this. swiss meringue buttercream has always been my personal favourite because I find it so much richer than normal butter cream! so excited to try this❤
Lemonade Bars 3 I waited from 12:00 ( in Brazil...)
hey Gemma, I kept in the fridge for more a week and I whipped it when I wanted to use it...but it split! what did I do wrong??
I had a rough day and then I saw this.. Thanks for the lovely recipe!
Gemma is it true that dis frosting has less calories and fat then then buttercream frosting&cream🙊😂
Very nice Gemma. You explain everything so perfectly. 😊😘😘💕💕
Thanks for sharing this recipe Gemma 🙂 Can we do this frosting by using a handheld mixer?
awesome recipe Gemma!
That swiss buttercream looks yummy.
Nice video
Hey Gemma a video on panna cotta please
bye Gemma I need to sleep now bcoz it's 10.11 here in India and I need to go to school tmr
Yum! Could you please do a diary free frosting?
Gemma it's been a really long time that you have uploaded a ice cream video you can do one . and those ice cream recipes make me go aweee
Gemma it's been a really long time that you have uploaded a ice cream video you can do one . and those ice cream recipes make me go aweee
great recipe. you make it look so easy for us :) i have a question... can i make this recipe if i dont have a kitchen aid mixer ? with just a regular hand mixer with the beating attachment (mine doesnt have the whisk attachement).
👍😘
as always an excellent n useful recipe. u r always amazing. thank you for sharing.
Even though I am only a twelve-year-old and don't know how to cook I find it very fun to watch you videos
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes when making meringue I always fail in making it but I fully trust you Gemma and I made so many of your recipes and they always and when I say always it means every single time I make your recipes it comes out GREAT and I am soon gonna try this recipe with your toaster oven cupcakes love your recipes so much Gemma :-)
I wanted a recipe for a frosting recipe really and you truly are reading my mind Gemma awesome 😂
yum
Looks scrumptious
This was really helpful thank you
wow
I might be late but still I love all ur vedios Gemma....They are really comendible...All the very best😘👍
Wow , this looks awesome. How does it taste ?
Third liker
First comment
I love how gorgeous it looks..keep it up Gemma ... :)
28th comment not that u care but great vid
I'm in love again😍
I love making Swiss Meringue Buttercream! It's so marshmallow-like and delicious :) Keep up the great work, Mrs. Gemma!
أنت دائما متميزه وطباخه ماهره أتمنى لكي النجاح المستمر
yumm😙😍
Tried to be as fast as possible.... but still proud to be 2nd!
Two views and 4 comments
i love meringue  I love buttercream perfect frosting for meeeeee
Look so tasty!!!...i wanna try it soon...thnx Gemma, love you as a fan
Yaaay! Early! Ly💟
love your recipes😍😍😍
This looks Amazing, you are an amazing baker Gemma!😊❤️️
First!  nice video Gemma!  when will we find out the winners?
16th like
ahhh! I'm so early! love you Gemma! 😙😙
Second
yee
Wow!❤️️😍💕💋
👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽
Looks so good
first
First and ily
first!
