For the last 18 months I've not let the lawn crew edge or use a weed eater in my back yard. https://www.youtube.com/post/Ugkx_rBCFuDW1zD6blTGhLkvAkxU657uR_lG  I didn't like the fact that they just kept cutting the edge of the lawn further and further from the rock lining the flower beds and leaving bare ground. And the grass was trimmed or scalped several feet around trees, etc. It was a constant battle with them so I told them to just mow and no trimming. I have Zoysia grass so it grows pretty slow. Obviously after a while it could use some trimming. I'm in my 80's so I can't do much of it myself.Finally I decided that if I could find a lightweight battery powered trimmer I might be able to do some light trimming. I decided to buy the LST201 20V trimmer. And it works great for my needs. I have back yard with about 150' of flower beds and several trees to be trimmed. I can lightly trim the whole yard with a single charge! The grass I trimmed was only a few inches high but the trimmer was more powerful than I expected.
These "fuel lines" looks like cheap vinyl tubing.  Its going to be degraded by the fuel in no time.  Its best to get genuine Tygon fuel lines.  Even Tygon dries out over time and turns brittle.  The best material that lasts forever is Viton hoses.  You will never have to replace those hoses in your lifetime.
What do I do if both fuel lines are the same size and they fit both nipples tight?
Was planning on ordering a new gas tank until I saw this video. Ran down to the local equipment store and got both sized lines and a filter for under $10. If you buy a little extra line, you can cut 3" of it at an angle to avoid having to use curved pliers and for easier access to the line inside the tank. Great video! Thanks! My string trimmer works like new!
How can you tell which fuel line connector is which once you have removed?
Frustrated! My craftsman model 358 hedge trimmer does NOT have a primer ball. So all I want to know is how you get the fuel started flowing from tank yo engine. Does anyone know?
Dumbest video, Sears you suck
A
They make it look easy. I wish she would slow down a little. This is definitely not a video you could what while you are trying to make the repair.
Can't comprehend why the Pro Series Extra Quiet XQ trimmer line is not available in 3 or 5 lb spools - if only online/through SPD. Have been using the 0.130 line on my Shindaiwa B450 (41.5 cc trimmer/brushcutter) for well over 12 years - too much power for thinner lines tho. Went to the store in Brandon, FL and was able to buy one of the last clam spools left around.
why
3:12 Remove cut piece of fuel line from fuel tank
brilliant video thanks
My fuel tank opening is on the opposite end of the tank to the fuel line entry holes, any idea's how i can pull my new line's through the hole's ?, the tank is curved and you cannot even see the holes from the fuel tank opening.
why don't you show the connector part?
really works
