This video was way ahead of its time. With everyone trying to keep up with the Joneses and tiling their bathrooms, it's hard to find a straightforward video like yours. Thank you so much for sharing your expertise and experience with the world. I greatly appreciate it!
I need you to come do my bathroom! I've had the worst luck finding someone to trim out my window properly. I get ants constantly!
Thank you. This is great 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Thank you! I was looking for ways todo this for weeks
thank you for this.
What the name of the surround product?
Did you use the same process for the sides and the top of the window as well?
How's that compare to today's Nutile surrounds?
Thanks  for this tip.  I didnt know how to waterproof my bathroom window till I watched your video.  I didnt bend it with heat but cut the pieces that would surround the window instead and caulked the edges .
Is there a video of putting the surround up. I'm trying to install this as a diy and I'm struggling a bit.
Part carpentry Part Scientific! You Sir are a genius
Wow  !!!   Thanks   for  this  great  video   !!!    I  have  used  these  panels  myself  in  the  past ..  Such  a   great  idea  for  doing  around  the  window !!  These   tile- look  wall  panels   from  home depot    are   the  best  looking  panels  too  !!!
My window is about the same location and height as your towel rackStill trying to figure out how to water proof it but it really doesn't get wet where it's located so I may throw caution to the wing. Been there for 40 year with no waterproofing before so keeping my fingers crossed.
Damn fine job!
this dude has serial killer vibes to him.
Bravo, I am currently installing a glue up surround in our bathroom, and we have a window in about the same spot. Very happy to find this video. Your comment about plastic bumper repair is spot on too, and I wish I would have thought of this myself but kudos to you for posting the DIY steps!
Looks awesome. Do you use a waterproof membrane under the glue up covering throughout the entire wall?
The only video on the internet I could find on how to do this. THANK YOU SIR!!
Would love to see the entire tub surround install and waterproofing
he sounds like a robot
Excellent video! However, Make A New Piece! When you calk it its going to get moldy...
Great video on how to finish the window sill using the window cutout.  However, you don't show how to finish the sides or with what material you did so.  Seems like if you cut the surround to accommodate the sides and top, there won't be enough to finish the sill (and vice versa).
After spending most of my life in the construction world this type of video usually doesn't impress.  Yours does impress---That was a great job on the window---You could look at the camera a bit more, I kept thinking you where staring at someone behind me LOL.
so how is it look now? holding up ok?
where can u purchase the tacky tape, cant find it in my local hardware store
Where did u get this type of frp?  I'm doing a shower with a window also.  Thanks!
I love this guy.  Well done!
So, you haven’t had a problem with water getting in the window seal?
On the tub surround you use, same one I have to install, the edge panels have a inside corner. Did you shorten the 60" back panel width to accommodate the inside curve of the side panels? Or do something different? If you butted the two panels together, did you make any special considerations to seal there?
I'm worried about water getting into the corner edges at the bottom of the window. Have you tried adding a tab on each side of the bottom piece that folds up and under the side pieces?
Excellent video! Thank you sir. Very professional advice for DIY
This is a GREAT instructional video.  You gave great reasons for every move which helps a LOT for those of us learning how to do this.
did you fold the top and sides like the bottom sill piece you showed?
Awesome video, I'm redoing my tub as well, gotta window in the way and never done tile b4 & don't wanna do it. I'm just doing half the window sill. Question: for that type if surrounding walls, do u have sheet rock behind or just the studs? 2nd question: would u recommend me doing just the standard height of the walls or go up all the way to the ceiling?
This looks great!  Where did u purchase the surround?
Nice job on this video! I've been remodeling houses etc for years but I always try to learn more. In this case you made it easy to see how to do a good job. Thank you!
Great video! I have been searching high and low for solutions for a window in my shower. My window is the opposite orientation as yours so my overhang tabs will have to be on my vertical pieces but still this is great. Thanks so much!
