I've only got 40 vol
The word bath confused me, i was thinking its best to paint it on like you
Can you do this to natural blonde hair to brighten it up a little? Xxx
Can anyone tell me how soon after you've coloured your hair (disaster stage) can you bleach bath your hair?
Thanks for the video, it's OK if we have coconut oil on the hair? Will it work the same?
bleach baths ARE supposed to be used on DAMP hair.🙄
You sound like flight attendant
Cosmetologist for almost 40 years. 2oz  20 vol developer, 2oz bleach powder, 2oz shampoo, 2oz conditioner and water. After application, bag head and time for 20 minutes. Rinse until water is clear, towel dry. Then apply deep conditioning mask bag head for 10 minutes, rinse completely and towel  dry. This is a very good tutorial.
Isn't a bleach bath also with shampoo? I didn't see shampoo added to the mixture?
How long did you wait till you shampooed it out
My roots are about an inch regrowth, do I still do my roots after the rest?
Can I use 40Vol on ends only and not the scalp??
I’m trying to remove green panic dye that turned teal so that I have blonde hair would this work for me??
Does the brown fade back to orange?
If I did this is their any way I can get it white like the thumbnail
Do I have to wash my hair first
"Wear a mask" 😆
will this take bright green dye out?? I've tried everything else
Hello! I just have question, hopefully I get an answer. So I tried bleach washing my hair, and I have dark blue hair. So it kinda lightens the end tips because it was super light compared to the roots which is still blue after bleach wash. Now my only concern is, is the hair supposed to be super dry to the point that it felt like it was hairs on broom stick? I think it was the affect of the shampoo? Thank you for the answer.
You should leave the conditioner out. It doesn't belong in a bleach wash.
..... This is just as drying/damaging as straight bleach for anyone thinking this is healthier for your hair. Its alot like comparing light ciggarettes to full... Both hurt you equally. A bleach bath just doesnt lift as much
Yes 100% use gloves  bleached my hair tonight and my hands are peeling lol
How much peroxide do I use?
This is just for the comments: THERE IS MORE THAN ONE WAY TO DO A BLEACH BATH/BLEACH WASH/SOAP CAP. Same way there are thousands of color formulas to achieve the same results, and how different brands and companies have different names for essentially the SAME THING. As a creative myself, it surprises me how closed minded people can be sometimes when it comes to the artistry of hair. No one is saying the way you were taught or the method youve been using for 20+ years is wrong, its just a different freaking method people. Grow uppppppp people lol. - sincerely a cosmetology educator.   PS. Thank you Jade Madden for showing us the Goldwell Recipe 💕
can i use this mixture to go lift my hair at least 1-2 levels???
Hi jade, question for you or anyone who knows, would there be any benefit at all to using purple shampoo/purple conditioner in the bleach bath? I'm assuming likely not since I'd be using a toner afterwards and if it even has a chance to do anything it would be negligible and not noticeable enough to justify using expensive product. Just curious though.  I also wanted to get some input, my hair is currently ca lvl 8 on top and 9-10 mid to ends. I wanted to lighten just a bit to freshen up, certainly up to 2 levels, no more, doesn't need to be super platinum, I just wanted it to be nice and bright. I intend to throw a 7A on the roots to give me a more natural look esp when it grows out and root shadows look nice imo.  Should I do a regular bleaching application or would a bleach bath suffice? My hair is damaged, not extremely anymore but it went through a lot last year so I left it alone the entire year up until now (yay me *pats back*). I intend to tone with the T18 afterwards, my hair is definitely light enough for that to take, especially after another bleach application, be it a regular or a bath.   Any input is appreciated, thanks 😊
what happens if i use 40vol ?
Would this work to get blue/green tones out?
Can I use the ion creme bleach instead of powder?
Birbs!!!
Would a bleach bath help even my uneven bleached hair ??
Could I colour freedom bleach kit and add water, shampoo and conditioner to it? Or do i need to buy the powder bleach developer etc separately? The vol is the same as the above
i used your recipe and got awesome results! thanks 😁
Why conditioner?
Doesn’t conditioner seal the cuticle or help it to lay smoother when in fact, you need to open/raise it up to lift pigment? 🤔 Counter intuitive, but that’s just from a scientific stand point. If you want to have some sort of actual protection that isn’t counterproductive, do an olaplex treatment before hand, even a day or two before if it’s more convenient. That way, you won’t have to dilute the bleach bath, since it’s already being diluted.
What's the measurement for the developer? You don't mention that actual number in the video.
Would it be possible to use a bleach bath to lighten the orangy color of my hair?
Ok is it supposed to be hot and smoking? I don't want to put it in my hair some one answer ASAP!!
can you do this with BLONDE DYE instead of bleach i have light pink hair and want to wash it out for blue so i don’t want to do harsh
I'm so glad I refound this video.  I did this method when I stripped out my permanent red to do some fun colors and worked wonderfully.  I actually contemplated on just toning the blonde and leaving it.  But when I went to take the purple out a couple of months later, I couldn't find this video.  Definitely wrote down the formula for future use on myself and clients.  Thank you for this
That dark brown looks AMAZING on you!
Where can I find all the items?
Welp i have no idea what she just did because she went too fast...
For any one else watching You need to do it with damp hair, it distributes better !
Yessss wear gloves!!! My hand was SOOOO dehydrated sometime, it was horrible
I can smell this video 😂
Ok... But I bought 30 volume so what if I put more conditioner is it gonna be better ?
Poor people. NEVER SHAMPOO YOUR HAIR AFTER BLEACH!!!
Rainbows?
Watching this as prep from taking my friend from a dark blue to a medium brown, pray for me yall
I am hoping i get a response to this. I had hot pink in my haor about 4-5 months ago.. i have been patiently waiting  for the dye to was out and im at a point where most of it is out i have a lot of regrowth obviously but my mid the end hairs are half blonde half orange half light light pink. I was thinking of dpimg a bleach bath to my ends and then bleaching my regrowths after is that a suitable  direction to go?i will be putting colorpop brand semi permanent  purple hair dye. Thoughts?
That's not a semi... you don't mix a semi with a developer. So it was either a quasi or a permanent
Can you do this on bleach blonde hair that’s gotten brassy again? I’m not dyeing it just wanted to do that rather than tone again
If I’m already blonde could I do this? I just want the yellow tones out my blonde is still too dark for purple shampoo
I LOVE how organized and descriptive your video is Thanks so much
Never start at the roots
Mix shampoo and conditioner??
Your results are amazing. That brown color looks so exotic on you
I currently have a level 8/9 blonde hair, do you think it will lighten up to a level 10 with this and 20 vol? 😭
The end color is beautiful and so flattering on you!
💞
Just put this on maybe 15 minutes ago.  Hoping the orange from yesterday lifts away!!! And becomes yellow so I can use purple shampoo.. If not then idk what to do blahhh
Ooooo. I love ur hair this color!!
This doesn’t look like it worked but okay
could you put this over already bleached hair?
As a hairdresser I would never mix conditioner and bleach with peroxide,cause peroxide opens your cuticle and conditioner opens them so it either will. It work or it will come up as a patchy or not as good and it should hairdresser 10 years experience
Do I have to be careful of what is in my shampoo and conditioner? Like, does it have to be anything specific?  I wanna dye my hair a nice purple but its brown right now. It was brassy before that. I could just use the dye on top of the brown but I don't think the color will turn our as vibrantly as I want it to  edit: I'm looking at some bleach powder and developer on amazon, is there a difference between "developer" and "oxide"? the 6% is called oxide, 3% and 4% are "developer". It's from the same seller so I'm not sure
I know this is a super old video but I have a pixie cut so it’s super short. Can I half everything to make a bleach bath so I don’t waste as much? Or should I stick with what you recommend.
Can you do this twice in a row or do you need to wait 24 hours like regular bleaching?
Jade what is the amount of peroxide? I want to try this recipe and will copy the amount of scoops you use but you didn’t say how many ml
*Heiyu*
Thank you for sharing❤️
why shampoo and conditioner? does it helps with something? thank you!
In ye olden days of kick-ass Bouffant hair-do's, this was called a Soap Cap.
I know this video is old but I just wanted to say thank you for posting! I used your instructions and ratios and was able to lighten my hair amazingly!
This was great. Loved the birds in the background.
Shampoo Cap
Sooo you bleached your hair to put a dark color over it? Makes total sense.
Also you actually don't need the peroxide Developer to do this process. Water can activate the bleach powder any liquid can but the process is way slower and dries your hair, not damage,  just dry and you can leave it in longer. Again start at ends and work your way up. Patches are due to less saturation, so make sure you split your hair in areas and look for hair that's not got anything on it. Also you can wet your hair before you start this process and towel dry it before you start adding mixture to it. Ive been coloring my hair since the 8th grade and i'm 56 plus I went to beauty college.  So I know what i'm talking about.
You DONT want to start at your roots first at all, areas that haven't been processed  too many times,  meaning the closer to your roots the less processed the hair has been. You dont wamt to apply it there first because the process works faster on less processed hair. Which if you add it first to your root areas that area will change to blonde faster leaving the rest of your hair darker. So apply it to the tips of your hair working your way up towards your roots.
10 vol just deposits colour! No lift 😊
Hi what color did u use? After the bleach bath
I never heard it said how much developer.
could I use this method to lighten my blonde hair? or will it break off
Why would you put water?? I have never done a bleach bath with water
I’ve done strand test doing a bleach bath on semi permanent hair dye and it hardly did anything ! :( I used 20vol and hair was hardly blue before it’s all faded... really don’t know what else I could do to get it all out, want it as blonde as possible to go silver, anyone got any ideas?!
You didn’t say how much bleach you used
Is peroxide just developer?
How would it be if I wanted to gradually lighten my hair over time (naturally black, all virgin except for an inch or two at the bottom) and just applied a bleach bath to wet hair once a month or once every two months? Is this a thing people do? Lol I used to do bleach baths to remove fashion colors but never tried it on natural/unprocessed hair as an all-over lightening technique
Love you! This video was so helpful.  Thank you!!!!!
We have the same name lol
Whats the Song at the end ???
What color/brand is the dark color? Couldn’t find a video of you talking about it. Thanks.
This worked so well for my hair!  The only issue is that I used 30vol, so it made my hair develop super quick. I ended up doing my hair in sections. I would bleach one section at a time, wait about 10 minutes, then I would wash it out so I wouldn’t fry my hair.  Thanks for this tip!
How long should i leave it on my hair? And how much possible time can i leave it on my hair??
Does this work best on oily hair? And is this able to cause any bleach burns on the scalp? I have a golden brown hair color and want to give this a try. Great video btw :)
can you use this to lighten already bleached hair?
Is this going to work on emerald green hair? I want to fade the colour to dye red or ginger :/
Can you do it in a glass bowl
Wow it looks stunning, you can literally pull off any colour 😊👍
Ok so I had bleached platinum blonde strands put black semi perm dye over that hair was black. Then put red semi perm dye turned my hair reddish still a little black in. But now I wanna go blue so what should I do
How can i achieve red violet hair?
Hello can i mix bleach and hair color together?
I know this is older, but I've been looking around YouTube for bleach baths and everyone is using different brands, mostly from Sally's. Why did you use this brand Gold well? Is it better or just what you had on hand?
Will this be able to remove any virgin pink articfox dye?
Your hair color came out gorgeous!
This is for me the most helpful video about bleach wash. I did it exactly according to your recipe, I used only 10 volume developer because I just wanted to correct already blonde hair, and it did the trick 💕 thank you so much!
Why does it say 40 Vol conditioner and peroxide? Is this just two different options? Also, would this be a good alternative for bleaching regrowth?
Great video!
Thank you very much for this recipe! I succesfully did it on my already somewhat damaged hair and it made little difference to the texture.
OMG I tried this and it worked!!! My hair was bleach blonde and I died it semi permanent blue and it wouldn’t come out and I tried this and it all came out!!! I’m soooo happy, definitely earned a subscriber!! Keep up the good work your amazing! Xxx
Is peroxide the same as bleach developer?
Hi Jade! So right now I have blue hair. Do I need to buy a certain bleach for it to work better to bleach it out? There's like blue bleach and purple bleach. But the worker did not explain it well. Thanks in advance! 😊😚
I’m a noob to color and I was wanting to do fun colors.  Would this be safer to do than straight bleaching it. I only wanted to make my hair maybe a few shades lighter b4 the color.  Can anyone help me?
u r so beautiful
Hi there excellent video..would i be able to use a bleach bath to get lush dark henna out..i want to go caramel colour..any tips would be appreciated x
Does this still itch like crazy like bleach does?
Trying to get this damn teal out! Color remover didn't work. Didn't want to have to bleach it again
This is the 1st time I've seen this recipe used for a bleach bath, and I plan to try it out next time I do one.  Is the shampoo and conditioner that you're using just a regular type, or is it clarifying?  Most people say to use clarifying shampoo in your bleach bath, and a lot of people don't even use conditioner in there bleach bath either, but IMO clarifying shampoo/conditioner tends to cause the hair to dry out worse than just a bleach bath using regular shampoo/conditioner.  I also use coconut oil on my hair, and Olaplex when bleaching or doing a bleach bath -(which by the Olaplex directions I go up to the next percent of developer than I'd generally use because the Olaplex dilutes it down a level), but it seems to really help prevent damage.
Is this Charlotte Crosby ?
what bleach did u
Could i use this mixture with my lightner as your recipe. But add 10 ml cool addative. I use blond me by the way
Can I mix purple shampoo with my hair dye?
What if you have everything but the developer
I like this recipe. I just commented on another hair bath video and asked how come no one uses conditioner. I'm honestly curious. I know nothing about these things but I'm thinking conditioner if it doesn't impede the result might be less damaging. That's it.  I'm trying it. If I want to lift just one level would 10v be alright.
If I just bleach and I don't get the blonde and I bleach again that hour ?
Coukd I mix developer with shampoo and conditioner only?
Very useful thank you so much!! Can I use purple shampoo ?
can you use this on natural hair just to lighten a little bit?? my hair is around a level 6 and i want it at an 8
very stupid  video
I can use this on my natural hair right? i havent colored it at all and i want to bleach it to get a pastel look :)
okay so im about to do a bleach bath and does it matter which shanpoo i use? i hace garnier whole blends in both the repairing and thr color care and i have a half a bottle of garnier sleek and shine and csnt go to store right now but need to bleach bath my hair today sometime. my boyfriend already went late into work so i could go to sallys and get the stuff i needed
oh lawd just watched this! ive bought all the stuff for bleach bathing. my hair is black and wanna get it to a light brown so bought a light ash brown dye for after. just got told I need a lighter colour to get the colour I want.... I'm hoping this bleach bath will work!
I'm a hairdresser and usually only do 1:1:1 of powder/shampoo/peroxide if people want an easier to remember mix
I have dark brown roots that lead into previously dyed hair (it's basically white now to a light pastel turquoise). I need to lighten my roots so I can dye my hair a dark green. How long would you suggest keeping this on my roots?
What's the result difference between bleach bath and just using straight up bleach?
My hair is purple at the moment but I want to do a lighter color which I will need to lighten my hair more.... should I remove the color first then do a bleach bath or just do the bleach bath
If I have to do the bleach bath more than once to lift all the colors (currently trying to get rid of blue and purple), how long should I wait in between bleach baths? Should I wait a few days or a few weeks? Sorry I'm a newbie with bleaching, any advice would be great!
I think you look better with dark hair. Great video
I just bleached my hair today at home before I saw this and my hair came out orangey brown, what can I do to achieve platinum blonde? Because I wanted to dye my hair silver ash. PS: I really don't know what to do but I also don't want to visit a salon to do it for me. Please, help me.
*JADE!! BEAUTIFUL, JADE!!!* I just had to drop in the comments and say, "I love you," and thank you for still being here💓  I've been watching your videos for YEARS and appreciate all of the smiles, and laughs you bring out of me 😊 *YOU'RE AWESOME!* XOXO  *(BIG HUGS)*
Can anyone please answer my question? I bleached my hair today. Will it get lighter over time?
I use it for bleaching since it's gentler and easier to do than bleach when doing your own hair
What does peroxide do?
I just did bleach bath' and the results is so amazingggg!! My hair not dry' smooth and got the bleach color level as I want. Secret is' put the coconut oil before doing this at last 3 hours prior and adding conditioner also to bleach formula. Even I put 40vol of developer' still not crush and damage my hair' Super loveee bleach bath😘😘
hey there :)  i do have a regrowth (2cm of a level 2 so really dark brown) and then i have the result of the last time i bleached my hair (got to a level 8-9) which has been dyed lavender and pink many times so it's a strange mix of colors and it's where i want to put the bleach bath, it's like 10cm long (and then the end of my hair is a kind of grey which i really love but that's not so important)  my question is: do you think the 20vol bleach bath will lighten my roots enough to get to a 8 or 9 again or should i do the process i two times, once the roots with the 30vol + blue powder bleach and then the bleach bath on the rest of purpleish parts?  i hope my question is clear enough ^^"  thank you so much if you take time to answer it :)  and thanks for the video!
Very well explained 😄
my hair is dark from the roots to
could you use this as a method to bleach regrowth if you have a hard time with overlap and want to be less harsh on your hair?
Beautiful❤🔥💦
omg this video came up on my suggestions because i watched your video for platinum blonde hair & i was so shocked that youre a brunette now!! only because i ve only seen you with platinum! you look so good!! your tips are how i went from ruby red to platinum/silver. cant thank you enough 😍😍
my hair is naturally light brown, almost blonde, i coloured it wuth manic panics voodoo blue and after a month or so i started to try to wash it out so i used dish soap and dandruf shampoo. its now greenish. will this lift out the colour?
OMG bless you 😭💕 I couldn't find any other video this detailed
Hi ladies, Could anyone tell me if this would work on dark brown hair extentions? I'm only wanting to lighten a few shades to put a lighter brown over the top to match my hair colour so I can use the extentions and not have to dye my own hair dark again. Thanks in advance! xoxo
Thank you for this recipe and tutorial!
That colour suits you so much ! I love it
I've been dying my hair different shades of dark and honey blonde for over 6 years now and it looks like a mess, I feel like all the different colors are showing. Do you recommend doing this or just use a lighter blonde shade and it'll change and unify my color? If I do this and then dye my hair blonde will the color fade with washes and leave me with the bleached color?
Used your "recipe" to get rid of my dark red hair to go to a plum color, worked really well ! Thank you <3 You are beautiful and your videos are amazing :D
I have red and want to go blonde.thanks for this video
واو
ok so purple is gone i now have bits of orange ekkk even my 3 year old came in and said you have orange hair 😣
I've read loads of tutorials about bleach bathing but this is the first I've seen where conditioner and water is added. Are these necessary or can you just use shampoo? Great video btw you're so sweet! Xoxo
Oh I missed so much your videos at lunch Lol ! I'm moving soon and have been pretty busy. What a surprise seeing you with a new color ! and Wow it looks so good on you ! Love it love it! :D You can wear any color and looks amazing ! Lucky girl ! ;)
yay cant wait to get rid of my purple hair not liking it i tried to go a rose using brite organix and it went purple but the company where lovely and sent me two new colors but i think ill go with manic panic next time as i have used their colours and loved them 😊
love hair colour at the end hope y are welllll xx😊😊
Beautiful 😍
Hey Jade! I have a question, I have dark dark brown hair and I want to make it so that there's an ombré effect (not with blonde but a light-ish Brown). Do I HAVE to bleach it in order to get the look in going for? If I do, do I use like 20 vol or something
I know it's not good for your hair but how much damage does this cause ? ❤️
great video, I'm intrigued - could you not have put the dark colour on top of your red and saved doing a bleach bath? Xxx
Why don't you go to the pool?   I have red hair right now and whenever I plan to take it off I was just going to go to the pool and be there for an hour or 30 minutes or so last time I went to the pool and washed off all of my color I had purple and pink
Love yr new color it's gorgeous
I want to try this I have a red hair and I want it out of my hair 😂
You're so pretty (-:
