My husband said I was insane to want a 3x8 workbench on casters. It can be done! Woo hoo! I'm not the insane one!   *This* time.
Great idea for a work bench
i've subscribed. YouTube build was awesome - functional, easy to follow and aesthetically pleasing. Keep up the great work.
Cheers to Montana.  Making one today.  Very excited...thanks for sharing.
would it be easier if you left the back and sides open to put tools in and out of the table ?
Is there any reason why the 8' sheet was cut down to make the table 90" instead of 96"?  Love this, getting ready to build one.
There are many similar projects in Woodprix's plans.
I would love to try it but can’t seem to download the plans don’t really know why can someone please help me with this or send them to me at spictacular7@live .ca please and thanks to all
Came here from an embedded video just to like the video and leave a comment.  The way you present the information is very concise and the production value of this video is top notch.
Great Video.  Question.  Do you feel that the bench is too low?  28 inches not too low for you?
I finally broke down and built this shop bench. Long overdue,  now I have a flat surface to assemble tables, benches ect! Made mine a little taller than you did but I'm extremely happy with it!!!!, has made my builds so much easier having that FLAT SURFACE!!!. Thanks Pete,  love your videos
Thanks for this great video and plan.  How steady/wobbly is bench when the casters are locked?
I built one like yours yesterday.  It seems it would be nice to add a vibration unit since you do concrete.  They are small motors made for this very purpose.  They are not expensive and available on Amazon.  Install with a switch and screw into the middle of the table.  Just a suggestion.
Wow! you should give a class on how to do a how-to video. You are clear, thorough, & concise. Not boring but no fluff!  Go Bobcats!
Great work mate.
Totally Awesome !
Just found this...and it is exactly what I am looking for...except at 6'2" I will add some to the height.  I am also thinking that I will add casters to one side so I can store it easily on one side so it takes up less space.  Not ideal for using the shelf for storage, but a solid compromise so I can have the space for it.  Might also make the opposite side totally flat so I could use it as a smaller & taller bench when I don't need as much space?  Gotta think about that one.     Thanks for your work...it makes my life easier.  And thanks for not wasting our time talking about side things like so many here.  Side things are OK if they have an effect on the project, but if not...no need to mention them.
Why did u RIP down the plywood for the table top? Why not just leave it as a full sheet? TIA. Love the channel btw.
I could see the utility of adding hinges to the side panels to allow access to the storage shelf from various sides. I'm going to build this, thanks to you Pete.
Very cool, do you have a materials list?
How could you not like Pete’s videos? He keeps it simple and user friendly so anyone can build it. Thanks Pete😀
Interesting how the support 2x4's for the lower shelf suddenly grow 6" from 3:28 to 3:29!
Why didn't you make it the dimensions for a full sheet to fit the top? Just curious.
Thanks Pete. I did a variation on this bench. I used a full sheet of plywood which was handy because you can do less cuts. Here are pictures of my new bench. https://photos.app.goo.gl/8c1LoXpykp2XbVSaA
Pete...bro...buddy...you're the man!  nice work as always
Are the caster sturdy enough to be confident working on the workbench? And do you have a link to get them ?
Just curious, why 48x90? Do you have a reason to not make it the size of the plywood?
awesome job
What program did you use for the 3d plans
What a great tool for the shop.  I bet/hope its working out nicely for you.
Awesome build, Thanks Pete, been looking for plans for a big workbench, I don’t know why I look anywhere else, should just come here. That is perfect, I love the progression of the vid and how you show the little things to help out, like the spacers. Bench came out great, I think that’s a great idea for a little channel info, Great space for it. Thank you Pete well done as always, all the best.
勁👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Great build. But why add walls to it? Wouldn’t it be better off open for storage?
Just subscribed! Love your channel everything was simple.
Hey is this workbench very flat
Always liked your videos mate, you simplify the process of building things where other channels confuse me 👍
My garage is only a one car garage and it's a workshop/gym so I don't know where I could put that if there was a way I could store it up on the wall maybe or feel like collapsed have a pretty darn cool
Hey, woodworking noob here... at 1:35 you are cutting the 4x4s with the miter saw. I noticed you cut small ~2 inch slices in between each leg. You do it again at 2:40. What is that for?
How do you make those circular saw cuts so easily without having some sort of guide? I'm so impressed just by that!!
Awesome just what in needed going to build one of these for my new wood shop thanks from matt in Copenhagen Denmark :)
Awesome work!!! On this video at the 1:35 mark, I see you cut a small (maybe 1 inch) piece in between the longer pieces for the legs. You've done the same in other videos, does that serve a purpose?
I just finished making this, however my 3" caster wheels don't seem to fit the bottom of he 4x4.  I was wondering if you know which ones you used?  I have the below that I purchased from Amazon and they look similar to yours.  The holes just seem a bit to close the outside edge of he 4x4.   https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01FJ97E64/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I wish I had space to make all the DIY projects you post!! Keep up the good work!!
Starting to put together a list for the local HD, what plywood type do you recommend? They have birch, red oak, etc. Differences in price are pretty negligible.
Great idea Pete!  The perfect solution for DIYers that don't have a big shop!
This would work great for my DJ business when I prepare the equipment. Greatest work bench I've ever seen. Nice job Pete.
I am a subscriber to your channel and enjoy your videos very much.  Recently, Youtube did something to their software that makes it difficult for me see your new videos. After signing in, I was always able to click on the "subscriptions" button and see which of my subscribed channels had posted new videos.  On Friday, March 10th this feature went away but it came back on Saturday, March 11 and worked until Friday March 17th, when it went away again.  It has still not returned to this date.  It is difficult to go through all my subscriptions in order to see those who have posted new videos.  This is especially true when you get the nitwits that post other You Tubers videos under their own name.  I have been informing Youtube of this problem every day but do not seem to be getting any response at all.  Everyone suffers here, not just your subscribers. I am hoping that you have some influence with Youtube and can contact them to help remedy this situation.  Many thanks.
Always make things look so easy, Pete. Quick, informative videos. Thanks!
Way to go Pete!! Love to have you stop by my channel sometime. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOAEoLE1_N7eeeBRZ-uxUJQ
Hello, can I have your email address? I want to write a private letter.
Nice one, Pete! Did you make any specific upgrades over your old version?
Solid instructional video. How you don't have a million subscribers is beyond me. Definitely one of the better DIY channels on YouTube. Keep these projects coming
Would this work for making a rolling coffin for myself?
Great project Pete! Thanks for sharing!   But may I ask why it seems lower than standard 36" tall in height? Thanks!
Appreciate all your videos. What program were you using in the beginning of the video to design your projects? Thanks.
just finished the coffee table.  just started making this.  gotta have something to do while the stain dries! 👍
I like the bench, but think it should be about a foot higher.
Great build, thank you for sharing.
Damn dude!!! You have a four car garage?
Love your channel and all of your projects. Although I have not made any of them, yet, it has given me the motivation to get out in the garage and make some things that I've put off for a while. Thanks for the motivation and keep up the great work!
As usual a very nice build 🍻from Montreal
Awesome build!
Isn't  that a little low ?
Nice!
Very Nice! every work bench needs a bottle opener!
I like this mobile desktop !  Good job !
Very good Pete.
Gotta have the bottle opener :D Looks great!
Great video as always, Pete. Been building your projects for a couple of years. Keep it up!
hello pete this  a cool one
Awesome job! Thank you for sharing!!
Nice project!! Always love your videos....very well explained and not to long👍
Very functional!!!
Nice Pete!
Great job. Thank You.
Fantastic Build Pete, Well Done. Barry (ENG)
I love it Pete just love it. Good work man.
Nice I need one
great idea!!!
Great idea with the lower height, makes assembling furniture projects much easier. Wish I had the room for two assembly benches.
can you please make an adjustable height monitor stand? thank you
Nice one, Pete! If I built this to the dimensions you used, my wife's car would have to stay out of the garage. That "ain't" gonna happen.
The fire table on the cover of The Family Handyman looked just like one of your projects. Did you have any input in that project?
Awesome project Pete, thank you. Cheers from CA!
very nice!!!!!👌
Very nice work. Could you comment on how you determined the height?
Nice, now I wish I had the room for one of those!
Another Gr8 project Pete. Just wish I had room in my garage for one...keep it up
That's awesome!
great video Pete! as soon as I move from hawaii ill probably build everything youve done!
And there you have a bed at 2:34 Great job
Great job.
I love this!  I wish you put this out sooner so I wouldn't be having so much trouble with the table I'm building now. I'm in need of a big flat surface. About how much did this cost you? I like those clamps too. Definitely going to check them out.
I think it's better to leave the sides open, so you can make better advantage of the space.  But overall nice build.
