🛠Charlie DIYte Amazon Tool Store https://amzn.to/3fcLnY4 - all my tried, tested and much loved DIY tools. You can help support me by Buying me a Coffee ☕ https://bit.ly/3xuQ3zb or by becoming a Member to unlock a host of benefits - thanks so much 🙏.
Hi Charlie, I'm trying to fix a curtain pole to plasterboard that has timber directly behind it. What screw would you recommend I use?
Such a useful video, thanks for this. I've only recently found out about anchor bolts but the info about spring toggles is going to be really helpful for a more heavy duty weight bearing thing I have to mount.
Great video - any tips on removing the hollow wall anchors? 🤞
Brilliant! Just retired, now taking on handyman work. This info supports my years of diy by giving me extra detail about how these work. Excellent video!
Had to put up some ceiling fans and so glad I found your video. Was a little worried about attaching to the ceiling, but after watching the video I used the spring loaded attachments. There is zero movement in the fan as this is now very securely fitted to the ceiling. Thank you very much
I just found out my plasterboard is 40mm thick should I use 60mm m6 butterfly fixings ?
Thanks for the video really helpful! I’m still a bit nervous which to use for a wooden shelf and bowl sink to hang with two metal brackets in the en suite. The weight will most likely be about 17kgs. I was recommended the GripIt fixings but seen mixed reviews on these. I’ve bought the m5 x 52mm wall anchors which you talk about here. If I use 3 for each bracket do you think that will the trick?
Thanks for explenation !
I’m just about to fit a 18mm thick bit of MDF as a brace under another MDF shelf - tempted to go with spring toggles as I think the fact you don’t need to tighten them all the up to get “the most” out of the fixings is ideal - I have these timco Stella fixtures but the 18mm gap between won’t allow me to get it tight
Great really informative video's!  What kind of fixing would you recommend for 100mm insulation plasterboard?  I've got a fairly lightweight clock I'd like to hang but it needs to be pretty secure as it's quite precious to me. I can't risk going through into the brickwork as I think there may be pipes behind,
Hi Charlie thank you for all your videos they are helping me a lot keep them coming . My step daughter has just brought a new build with hollow walls this video has helped a lot along with corefix  thanks again Charlie
However good or bad the screw-in fixings are, you set it up to fail. Just like you would drill a pilot hole to 'tap' a thread or for a screw on the edge of wood (to stop splitting), you need to drill a hole that's the same diameter as the shank of the screw otherwise you are just wedging/crumbling the plasterboard apart. This is standard practice on any delicate material. The screw should only displace/deform material required for the thread cutting (not cut material for the shank). You know this and if you ever screw a curtain bracket onto a timber rail, where the bracket is close to an end or edge of that wood, you will have drilled a pilot only 1mm smaller than the screw to ensure you did not wedge/split the wood.  With all your experience, what makes you think that you can screw something so large into a weak crumbly material and get away without a pilot? You are cleverer than that!
Your information is good and useful
I’m fixing a cordless dyson mount.  I suppose you would recommend the 1st type you covered as the mount will receive lots of use as the dyson will be pulled in and out of the mount.
Charlie great video, thanks but why didn't you include the Duo Power fixing in this updated video? have you gone off the idea of Duo Power?
Hi Charlie what’s the best general size for the anchor fixing?is the anchor fixing good enough for fitting a tv on the wall?
Thanks for this. Very helpful.
Heya Charlie, thanks for the video. Just wondering - is there a reason why the fischer duopower didn't make it into this list? (I'm really curious as I liked the look of it after you showed it at the end of the previous video, and now I'm wondering if I made a big mistake???). Thanks again
Hi Charlie, when you are using the UX6 you mentioned the screw is 4x50mm, is that 4 gauge? And does it matter what sort of screw it is? Thanks in advance. Cheers Ian
Charlie, you are AWESOME.
Glad I watched this.... Was about to go buy some helter-skelter ones 🤦🤦
Perfect video to find cos I needed to hang a 15kg bathroom cabinet. Found the spring toggles on clearance at B and Q for a pound. Job done!
Found this video at the right time as have a TV to mount. Definitely going for the spring toggle fixings
Hi Charlie, quick question?  What fixing would you recommend for going through a 10mm ceramic tile into plasterboard? I need to fit a shower screen with an 8mm glass door. Thanks, Lee.
I recently bought the ( helter skelter) fixings, even after having a chat with the man in the shop. He advised me to buy them. Later that day I got chatting with a very good friend of mine who is a kitchen fitter, informing him of my intended use. A TV bracket, that will be 50/50 brick and plaster board. He calls them pig tails, and said by no means use them they are s##t. And brought me round some of the anchors he uses all the time with the tool. Rather disappointed with the guy in the shop to be fair. Needless to say I'll not be buying in there again. And your video re affirms the reason not to use them. Thanks.
Charlie - have been watching your videos and wonder if you have a view as to how best hang a heavy picture on plasterboard with celotex wall insulation backing. Would the Fisher UX6 plug work, not sure how it would react to going into the celotex. Any help would be appreciated, many thanks
Hey guys,  What if I dont have a setting tool for the hollow wall anchors? I installed a M6 x37mm anchor but i just screwed it in....no setting tool used?! What ya think....should I reassess?
Thank you so much!
Hi Charlie,  a great video which I wished I had seen before using a helter skelter ! An added complication is that my PB is 9.5mm. Will all the fixings you have demonstrated still work with 9.5mm ? Are any better to use ? Many Thanks
If you where to take a claw hammer (as demonstrated at the end of the video) all the other fixings would fail as well, particularly the plastic ones. As always use the most appropriate type for the job at hand and dont over tighten.
Excellent thank you for taking the time to make this!
What fixing  would you recommend for hanging a 500g router directly to the wall?
Snaptoggle Plasterboard Cavity Fixing are just as strong and because of the design the toggle stays in place so you can remove and replace the fixed item also they are easily available,screwfix ,Amazon take your pick. There are people on YouTube that have tested them and they seem to be a stronger fixing than the plain spring version.
Do you recommend the Corefix kits? With the metal insert tubes?
Hi, this is great advice but how do you go about the same tasks in insulated plasterboard? For some built in cupboards I'm planning to use really long frame fixings but this seems wildly excessive for lighter items eg curtain hold back. All these fixings rely on reaching the other side of the plasterboard but with the insulation this is approx 65mm deep.
Can you please demonstrate  a comparable pull out test on each type of the fixing?
Thanks for these great videos Charlie! I fitted a curtain pole onto a plasterboard wall on the weekend. Despite the fact that the void behind the plasterboard was filled with foam insulation, the hollow wall anchors proved very successful (once I'd bought a setting tool). The curtain rail (and heavy curtains) are solid as a rock. I now plan to buy some more (via your Amazon link) and do the rest of the house!
Hi Charlie, great videos on the channel! just in need of a bit of advice regarding plasterboard fixings. I am planning on installing wooden Venetian blinds with a top fixing inside the window recess. conscious of the weight and the regular pulling of the cord. Which Fixings would you advise are best for this fixing. There is a large void between the plasterboard and lintel so presumably the plasterboard will be taking all the weight.  Thanks
Thanks for the helpful video. I’m a little confused as to what is considered light weight. I’d like to mount some surround speakers that weigh 1KG. I have both the helter skelter and a plasplug plasterboard regular duty. Are these suitable or do I need something more heavy duty?
Whenever I fix anything into plasterboard, the absolute first thing I do after marking the positions of the first fixing hole is to drill a 5mm hole to determine the depth of the void!  You can then use this, plus the plasterboard thickness and weight of the object being fixed to select your fixing.
Hi Charlie, do you find it best when drilling into plasterboard to use a masonry drill bit with the drill set on non-hammer drive?
Great video. Was that a fart at 13:51?
As a self confessed DIY luddite, this is a fantastic video. I'm forever having problems fixing tings to walls etc. IN this case I need to fix a 2kg light fitting to my plasterboard ceiling. For my case which fixing would you recommend? I'm being cautious as the light fitting has a large glass shade. I already have some of the fischer fixings (UX6), would they be enough ? Thanks !
Thanks for a great informative video. I have quite a few of the wall ancors but I have never used the, I also had a setting tool which I have managed to lose. Do you think as a one off I could get away without the need of the setting tool?
Great videos and really helpful, thanks! I’m hanging wooden blinds in a small window and, after using the large self-driving plugs that you don’t recommend, I now have four large holes in the ceiling of the window recess! I think I’m hitting the lintel and there doesn’t appear to be any void and so I’m considering mounting the brackets on the left and right vertical walls instead. My question is: should I drill into the brick in order to obtain a strong fixing or will it be strong enough just going through the plaster? (Blind width is 85.3 cm, drop is 114 cm). Thanks in advance for any advice and assistance!
Great video, it was really helpful when troubleshooting plasterboard fixings.
Hi, I was wondering if its possible to use the Anchor fixings on a tile wall? I notice they have teeth to provide a biting point so would these just crack the tile? Thanks 👍
For the concrete wall what kind of fixing we use?
hang some heavy shit off these then so we can see if they work
I recently had a problem with screws which over a period of time worked themselves loose from a vertical blinds. The clearance was very tight for most of the plugs you used. So what I did is used a gripit but stuck it in with no need for nails. This has given me a very, very secure fixing.
If I already have the 'helter skelter' style fixings, what could I replace them with (would a gripit fixing work?) or is it a case of resiting the fixing altogether.  I have a bathroom cabinet that is starting to become loose and I can't really site it anywhere else on the wall..
Charlie - have you any information on how to hang items on insulated plasterboard? I know Gripit sell a tool to remove some insulation but interested to know if hollow anchors etc. also could work on insulated plasterboard
Thank you!
Enjoy all your helpful vids Charlie☺️. How do you tell or know if there are power lines behind the wall? Cos I have no idea! Thank you!
hi, thanks for the videos. Quick question, how much weight can each hollow wall anchor fixing take. I am planning to wall mount a TV. Thanks.
Very helpful video. Thanks!
Great video! Please also consider the latest anchor fixing on market known as Duck Foot. https://www.ebay.co.uk/p/Duck-Foot-Plasterboard-Fixings-M5-X-70mm-Anchor-Drywall-Cavity-Fix/16029372551?iid=192817678206&chn=ps&ul_ref=https%253A%252F%252Frover.ebay.com%252Frover%252F1%252F710-134428-41853-0%252F2%253Fmpre%253Dhttps%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.ebay.co.uk%25252Fp%25252FDuck-Foot-Plasterboard-Fixings-M5-X-70mm-Anchor-Drywall-Cavity-Fix%25252F16029372551%25253Fiid%25253D192817678206%252526chn%25253Dps%2526itemid%253D192817678206%2526targetid%253D522577469903%2526device%253Dm%2526adtype%253Dpla%2526googleloc%253D9045992%2526poi%253D%2526campaignid%253D1669190636%2526adgroupid%253D67214015920%2526rlsatarget%253Dpla-522577469903%2526abcId%253D1139356%2526merchantid%253D7267454%2526gclid%253DCjwKCAjwycfkBRAFEiwAnLX5IY2TLrrrARS-k_-wfGPmfoOYLHx_6pAJbtl5thwtXBMxwKhIART0ehoCPm0QAvD_BwE%2526srcrot%253D710-134428-41853-0%2526rvr_id%253D1902817519207%2526rvr_ts%253D9a0bbd4e1690ad4ff1a27786ffdfc0ea  https://theduckfoot.com/
i searched about applying silicone and you sorted my probs! im now serching about fixings because i had problems with a  screw in fixing and you have helped me again! you are a top bloke for taking your time to do such clear helpful videos. Cheers Charlie
what would you use for a tilled dry wall?
Hi there I was just wondering, with metal wall anchors,  what is the minimum spacing you should really place between them?
Still not feeling confident on hanging a 25kg mirror on a 15mm thick drywall. Toggle bolts or snap bolts? And would you use them to hold the mirror fitting directly or to secure hooks?
Very clear and useful overview. Many thanks for this.
Pretty sure you've just saved me making a right hash of refitting a handrail to the wall that had fallen off. Thanks!
Clear instructions are appreciated.
Engneer yousif  Iraq   Baghdad
Hi Charlie  Great channel - as I've gushed before!  I wonder if I may pick your brains?  At home, I need to install curtain track to a 3m curved bay window.  To make it more complicated, my wife insists on a second curtain to act as a modern privacy veil, as it's first floor main bedroom.  There is no wall or header above the pvc d glazed windows.  The only option is the ceiling.  I had a similar problem downstairs - without the addition of double curtains.  I managed to solve downstairs using spring toggles. The void between ground floor and first floor was more adequate. - although I do not like the fact the curtain fitting is never large enough to cover the oversized hole required to pass the toggle through the ceiling.  My problem is that there is celotex type insulation directly above the bedroom bay ceiling as it's only some 300mm to the roof tiling. So I cannot get a spring toggle to open, as there is no adequate room for it to spring open.   What would you suggest to do the job?    I've wondered about using  the helter skelter fixings, however previously using them on a wall to fix folding drying rails, some failed after loading.    Cheers and thanks again for your excellent content
Good Video,  I've moved from a older solid walled house into a more modern house with Plasterboard walls, I knew about the various fixings but this gave great insight into what goes on behind the plasterboard and has been very useful to me. Thanks Andy
hi charlie can you make a video for hanging tv on plasterboard please.
Having just moved from an old house with solid walls to a new house with all plasterboard walls, this video is an excellent guide to what works and what doesn't; and then how to do it properly. Absolutely spot on.
Great video, would you recommend using hollow wall anchors for a 12kg Heavy mirror on plasterboard?
mate, With the hollow anchor fixing, what bolt do I use?
With  the UX6 . What diameter screw do I use .
Really useful video, demystifying hanging heavy stuff on plasterboard walls. Thanks Charlie!
How can I hang something on a wimpy no fines wall? It seems impossible to drill it.
Yes I agree that they are unsuitable for a heavy download force. I use them for first fixing electric cables etc. to false ceilings. Just would like to say that they are ok in an appropriate use and wouldn't just say never use them. Keep up the good work though, these comparison tests are always useful.
With the experience I have had with many fixings, when using the aluminium (helter skelter type you call) they work better when you first 'drill a pilot hole'.
Great video, thanks. Can I use the anchor fixings to install a projector to plasterboard. Total weight is 7kg.
Why would anyone want to use the OLD style toggle bolts when there are the 'snap toggles' that do the same thing and the bolt can be removed many times which is not true with the old toggles
Love how you call them fixings, very nice video. Well done.
This was priceless!
Try spring toggles...
Thank you so much for your quick easy to understand videos! Stupid question: is plaster board with the silver backing the same as American drywall? Thanks!
Hi Charlie, thanks for the brilliant video, really insightful. Wondered if I could get some advice, I've been fixing a rope banister to a plasterboard wall, I initially used Fischer plugs but these have loosened a little over time. Having had a great experience with a gripit fixing on a bathroom cabinet I've tried them but they're no better and to make things worse I now have a much bigger hole in the wall. I think I'm going to try the spring toggle fixings, but I wondered if you have any recommendations for making the hole smaller or repairing the hole in the wall if I needed to start again. Many thanks
Great update video Charlie👏🏻 What fittings would you use on a hollow door for a coat rack? I've used the anchor bolts in the past, however, just wondering what you think! Thank you in advance👍🏻
Good vid. I've had great success with the Snap-Toggles. They seem to hold anything I want to hang on a wall and they are very strong. One of the best features of the Snap-Toggle is that you don't loose the brace bar like you do on the butterfly.
Great video, Charlie.   thanks
How do iknow what size to buy?
Hi. I'm liking the videos. However!... I would like to point out though that your focus is on loads associated with hanging things vertically, therefore relying mostly on the strength of the anchor in the cavity. Fixings like the gripit are more designed for use on walls rather than ceilings, where the loads are shear (i.e. parallel to the wall). The gripit wings stop it pulling out but it is the large circumference of the fixing that makes it very strong when used in a wall as it better spreads the load and so can't be dragged down the plasterboard. As such, a smaller hole isn't necessarily stronger - it depends on the direction of the load. The anchor fixings are also good at preventing this but the mechanics are slightly different. My problem with the gripit is that it protrudes a couple of mm from the surface and also often show to the side of a narrow bracket.
Charlie, it's certainly well worth readers reading through the specs. A kN = kiloNewton is just 1000 Newton, and one Newton is 1 kg m/s^2. So 1 kiloNewton is just 1000/9.8 = 102 kg in most situations on Earth. After that, the reader only needs to check whether he/she is dealing with shear loads, tension loads, or cantilever loads (GripIt website has a nice diagram).
Hello.  thanks for this video. Would the toggle spring or wall anchor be suitable for mounting a large, horizontal  floating TV unit on plaster board.
well - explained really....but could it work for concrete walls to hang cabinets???
Hi Charlie, I need to hang 27kg Monstad Ikea mirror. Initially my friend hung it horizontally with the shelter skelter screws and it held for 9 months. The same friend who hung this heavy duty mirror was sitting underneath it and the mirror fell off the wall landing on his head. Out of PD8 and UX-6 which one of them would you recommend as this mirror has been laying around for 2 years now and I need it back up (horizontally) on my (plasterboard) wall??🤔 Or can you recommend any other fixing apart from what you are demonstrating in your video. Please help☺
I like your approach to this but I am not sure that you are correct about some aspects of the fixings. In most circumstances most of the force applied to the fixing will be downwards. If the item is fairly flat (like a picture) this is certainly true. For an item that sticks out from the wall (coathooks or a shelf) there will be more rotational force ie the back of the fixing will turn upwards and the front of the fixing will turn down. Therefore the greatest force will be to pull the fixing straight down to the floor. Therefore if you have a fixing supporting 6kg and the fitting requires a 6mm hole the plasterboard will be supporting 1Kg per mm, however if it requires a 12mm the plasterboard is only supporting 1Kg per mm.  This would suggest that the wider the hole the better the spread of force. You also want to reduce the rotational force. To do this there are various things including: ensuring that the fitting is a tight fit in the hole (don't waggle the drill bit), wide flanges on the back but also on the front, thicker plasterboard. The front flange is normally provided by the fitting: picture hook, shelf bracket, cupboard. the longer they extend downward the more they will reduce the rotational force and ensure they are tight against the board. Don't be inclined to hang a picture directly from the screw in the fitting without a picture hook. If you want a new experiment I suggest a series of equally spaced studs with plasterboard fitted the same way (number and position of screws the fitting positioned centrally. Then different experiments: first, to test vertical loading, with a hook on the fixing and a bucket hanging off the fitting then fill the bucket with stuff until the fitting fails. Then to test rotational loading  try, say an angle bracket and repeat with the bucket hanging off the end the shorter the downward arm of the angle bracket is the more rotational force you will get. Hope this helps  Also if the fitting is subject to regular movement eg a coathook then things will be more stressed. I look at what I am hanging, how the force will be applied, how to minimise rotational force, and how to spread the load. Where I have used them I have not yet had a problem with the helter skelter but it has to be the right application.
Great video - but where can i buy fischer PD8 plugs?
Thanks for the great video yet again. I have a question, I am fixing a curtain pole to plasterboard but need to fix a 24mm baton of wood to the wall first so I can clear the blinds that are fitted. Would Fischer plugs be ok for this?
Great vid, I used those last screw in fixings for hanging light picture frames and they work fine but agree that for anything hanging vertical or anything heavier they are no good
Hi Charlie. I’m currently planning on using the ux-8 to hang a 6kg picture in a plasterboard wall. Is this the right fitting or am I better off with something more heavy duty?
Well explained good video mate
Im about to have a go at putting up twinslot shelving and have found your videos really helpful. I have bought the Fischer UX635R and 4mmx50mm single thread woodscrews. However, the twinslot upright doesn't fit flat to the wall (it's 15mm away) so I clearly need longer screw (although am struggling to find a 4mmx60mm single thread) but my main question is - will my UX6 plugs still work?
Great video- I need to put up a bath shower screen but the wall is tiled with plasterboard behind it.. what would be the best fixing for this? I am thinking it would be difficult to use the toggles in such a scenario? Thanks
Thanks a bundle.  Had a worry about fixing to plasterboard and you showed me the right fixing to use for the job I had to do.  Thanks once again
Massively clear and helpful.  Thank you so much.
Hi, Thanks for the video. In your opinion what would be the best fixing that would work on both  hollow and  solid walls
amazing video. Just wondering what would you recommend for a regular floating shelf for books without studs?
Hello Charlie.  Your brilliant video leads me to a question for you.  I wonder what fixings you would recommend for thermal insulated plasterboard?  We’ve just had this installed on two solid external walls in our bathroom. The plasterboard itself is only 7 mm thick and the insulation foam backing is 30 mm thick and the boards were installed using dot and dab method.  I will soon have to fix a toilet roll holder, a mirror (probably about 70 x 50 cm size) and a curtain track (probably through a surface batten I guess) and I am really dreading this.
Hi! Thank you very much for this great video. I wish I had seen it before fitting our shelves today. We fitted one 118cm long shelf with wooden brackets in the kitchen, and we used the Fischer Nylon UX Universal Plug 6. Three of them are pretty secure, but the first one we put didn't seem to work as well, as we never got the screw to stop turning.... do you think it would hold heavy items like jars with dry foods? (maximum a kilo of dry food per jar) Thank you for your help!
Really good video
Hi thanks for this video i found it really helpful. I'm moving into a new build soon and am having nightmares about fitting my curtain poles but I'm definitely ordering some ux6's. Just one question can you unscrew and rescrew a ux6? thanks again great vid.
appreciate everything you said on the video it really helps me to understand plasterboard or what screws you put to use and fasting thank you very much
Hi, a quick message to Roberto Pagliari if you're keeping an eye on this feed. A question from you popped up on my notifications, but I can't find it below this video - maybe you've deleted it??? If you'd still like my help, then please can you re-post it. Thanks
Nice reviews Charlie. I find the rawlplug uno to be fantastic all round fixings. Works in most substrates. Keep up the great videos.
Great video and demonstration as well as editing skills on display here... probably the best video i've come across for plasterboard fixings for the UK  I agree with all your opinions barring the scare off for the last fixings...  I have got these from Screwfix (easyfix). I've just checked the box and it says you don't need to pre drill however by whacking them straight in by hand (very hard) or drill you are disturbing the plasterboard too much with damage. Pilot hole with I think a 3 or 4mm bit and screw the fitting in with a flathead. you will then see how solid it feels as opposed to wacking it straight in with no pilot. I have a 32" tv with 4 of these holding the bracket up, a 40" with 4 holding the bracket up and also 3 different curtain poles.  Agreed the are not threatening the big boys for lb for lb weight limits however @ £11 for 250 for the fixings with screws it is beating them all on price. All the rest you will get 20, 50 or 100 of for that price, tbh the GripIt's are a ripoff they are way too expensive for the amount you get.   Have a go with a small 3, 4 or 5mm pilot hole and screw the fixing in by hand with a flathead and let me know if you still feel the same. I think it's the way to go and have them used around my flat.  Cheers for the video, very well put together.
Thank you for taking the time to make this video.  Very helpful info.  ty :-)
Great info made a note of fishers and will try
