Check out the recipe:  https://www.allrecipes.com/Recipe/263686/Creole-Crab-Noodles/
Did this recipe today , & YUM 😋! Thx for video 😎
Making this tonight with shrimp!
Can I hire you???
Whenever chef John says an ingredient is optional yet mandatory, I’m inclined to say it’s mandatory. Most of the time.
Here it is covid season, looking for a recipe, new to me...💃💃💃 found it. OMG, was this good!!! New comfort food!!! Love you Chef John, (tell wife, I mean in appropriate way 😁). 💞
"The lovely and talented cayenne pepper." 😂 I'm dying.
Sesame seeds black ones for Smokey flavor and some chili oil yummy
Fish sauce is never optional.  I live in rural Canada.  When I run out I plan a 6hr round trip to buy more.
Gotta quit watching chef John vids during intermittent fasting... killing me... YUMMMMM!
Uh! Delta Dawn.....we’re showing our age from the somewhat forgotten Helen Reddy who for a quick bright moment her did sun shine!
Do you salt the noodles?
What a treat to watch a video by a highly trained professional.
What a treat to watch a video by a highly trained professional.
Tres bon!
Another over the top successful recipe.  Thank you!
Words cannot describe how dangerous a round bowl of boiling water is on your kitchen counter.  For your safety and the safety of your pets and short humans.  Pouring boiling water over noodles in a pot on the stove works just as well without the risk.
I tried it but I can’t figure out when I add the cream cheese or the duck?
Shout out from New Orleans!
Chef John please stop using non stick anything. They're all very toxic!
I recommend BUYING your crab!
Chef John, everything you make looks and sounds delicious.😋
Chef John, you give me hope for a normal life.
Think I could use shrimp? I have some in my freezer and no $ to buy crab. Always have the sauces on hand.
Seems like saw him make something without cayenne once...
Holy Trinity Chef John, this looks great!
I hope i can i make it without the crab part
This was DELICIOUS! I used pasteurized crab from the market and added a good bit of cilantro at the end. This is now an easy go to mid week miracle! Thanks chef John!
*sans*
Cheff John what is the diference between noodles and spagetti.
Just how spicy is this? Can one sub green pepper for some of the jalapeno if they're a little wimpy on the spiciness?
I'm Delta Dawn!!!!!
Ketchup..
I unfortunately polished off the last 2 hot dogs in the pack watching this😑
This is more asian than creole, need crushed tomatoes instead of ketchup, and scotch bonnet pepper instead of cayenne(cajun use cayenne), no rice wine vinegar or soy sauce, this dish needs to be re- named chef john.
John is using more and more cayenne...
Just made this for my baby sister w celiac - AMAZING!!! added some sambal and it worked perfectly. I would recommend less noodles or more sauce but all in all delicious!!
2:59  OH NO ONE GOT AWAY!!!
excellent video <33
I’ve tried dozens of your recipes Chef John, and they have all been so delicious! Unfortunately, for me, this was one was a miss.
This is very good sauce recipe
Jumping green onion at 3:04 !
At the Takara Sake Factory in Berkeley they sell a really good Aji-Mirin (seasoned rice vinegar) that I think tastes really fantastic. You can get them online, I'm sure!
Made this a couple times. I give it a 3/10. Move on. Nothing great here.
Honestly this is spot on culturally for Mardi Gras.  Louisiana is known for rice production and New Orleans has a very strong Asian community and we all know the Gulf has crabs. Chef John, you may have invented a new Louisiana Classic.
Sidenote: The trinity that Chef John used isn't the trinity that is used in Louisiana. The trinity is these ingredients in equal proportions: yellow or white onion, green bell pepper, and celery. Chef John gussied it up to work in this recipe and I'm okay with that. :)
My mother couldnt handle the heat from the jalapeno I think I'll try this with a bell pepper instead.
No one narrates a video like this guy lol. And the dish sounds awesome!
oyster spaghetti is good too
Oh my god that looks so good.
Stopping the microwave at 0:01 so I don't wake my roommates is the closest I will get to defusing a bomb.
OHHHHHHHHHHHH Teach me your ways master John!
I don't want to analyze it too much, but I think that what I love about Chef John is the realness--I don't know if he scripts these but they don't feel scripted. He knows exactly what he is doing and is in control of his ingredients, so it's natchy. Nuff Respect
how about a steak tartare recipe? what is your favorite way to prepare it, Chef John?
Sensei, do you think shredded chicken instead of crab would throw off the taste too much?
Will this be Meal for 2 People❓
Didn't watch the video, but dang.... that looks so good
1.  Another great dish and recipe. 2.  We enjoy the unique style.  3.  Run Chef, there's a man in a black short-sleeved tee shirt standing behind you.
Looks great! But now I have a headache.
Ffs WHY DOES HE SPEEK LIKE THAT !!!
i hate how his voice trails off at the end of each and every senten....
this man has one of the oddest speech patterns
Set the skillet over medium HIGH heat.. and then cut UP the vegetables.. then for the HOLY grail.. turn OFF the heat.. and then I’ll CHECK my noodles.. the WAY he talks is VERY interesting... mEDIUm high
Why do you end your sentence with a higher note
*average kid here. def won't take me 15 mins*
In general, I enjoy watching your videos.  However, I do question why you would call this a creole dish if you are using Asian ingredients like soy sauce, rice vinegar and rice noodles.
I came for the crab and left with the cadence
you sound like seth rogan
Sometime you should make an april fools video.
Chef John is truly the Bob Ross of food.
Um is it weird that when I’m thinking to myself now after watching this video I talk like this chef? Almost like dr Seuss went to culinary school.
U trendingggg
Yummy
Looks Delicious 👍🍝🍴
That’s a vongole you uncultured swine “crab noodles” pffft
this is fake news
Made it last night and made the mistake of adding 1 TABLESPOON of cumin when i shoikd have added 1 TEASPOON of cumin , IT Was okay nut made it again JUST NOW and added the right amoubt of cumin lol took out the celery , also added onions and made it with shrimp abf loved it!
Sounds delish 😣
Looks great, I've had this dish at Peche in New Orleans.  My favorite restaurant there.
Not good to watch when you’re hungry and have nothing to eat...
Look deliciously 👀💕💕
I wish you would show us how to make a Mardi Gras King Cake.
looks like shit
Why is this 22 in trending?!?!? 🤷🏻‍♀️
This looks good, gonna try it today =)
My food wish is fried soft shell crab  Please
I read this as ‘creole SCAB noodles’    I fucking hate myself
reminds me of the sticky galic chops...the sauce was similar. garlic, fish sauce, hot sauce, ketchup, soy sauce, rice vinegar
Why does this guys voice slightly remind me of Seth Rogen?
WTF IS WRONG WITH YOUR VOICE?!
Leviticus Chapter 11:7 And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.  8 Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.  9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.  10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:  11 They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination.  12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.   Isaiah Chapter 66: 15 For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.  16 For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many.  17 They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.
Chef John's food porn is trending!
The way he stresses his syllables toward the end of his statements triggers me. Other than that, he’s pretty cool
Why is this man talking like this it’s so irritating
holy shit why does he talk like that, its so annoying
You're trending!!!!!!!
Speak like a normal person.
Has anyone else noticed the annoying pattern in which he speaks?
Made it tonight. I felt like there was too much vnegar. Yes, I used seasoned rice vinegar.  Maybe mine is a stronger variety?  I did feel like 1/4 cup was kind of a lot when adding it.  I'd half it next time.
I would really enjoy this if he didn't emphasize EVERY FUCKING WORD
Made this today and did not enjoy! First time this has happened with one of your recipes.
He puts the emphasis in weird spots in the sentence
Please sub to this channel, every sub we get, we will release another video! Thank you!
This looks so good 😋😋😋
Congratulations, Chef John - you're no. 21 on Trending!
ketchup...ketchup  REALLY! The second you say ketchup I have lost all interest.
Your talking patter is like stop and go traffic!!!!
A dish fit for a wok!
Hey Chef John, I love the show!!! Would you be willing to do a video on knives?
Yummmmmmm!!!
HOT!  me no like'y hot
What a great recipe.  I make with shrimp and some ham.
Great work Chef John!  btw if anyone needs support for their channel give me a sub and il return the favour :)
I love that man he makes me laugh.
Holy crap, people. Stop with the "Der! This isn't real creole. Stop saying it's creole. Creole. Der!" Just try and not be offended today. The guy's just trying to give us something good to make. Sheesh. He doesn't have the power to change your definition of creole food. Give us all a break. We get it. YOU know what creole REALLY is.
You're an amazing chef don't get me wrong, amazing tutorials. But dude your fucking voice sounds horrible. the way you enunciate words is way too extra. sound like you're reading a book with 12,000 commas in it. better to just have sound off and subtitles on
The holy trinity is onion,bell pepper & celery. There are no substitutions that retain that moniker. Green onion is used as a flavorful garnish in Cajun & creole cooking. Jalapeño is not used in either cultures dishes. Cayenne is,but it would never be substituted for bell pepper in the trinity. It seems silly in a way to take such a hard stance on a term for a grouping of vegetables,but when you misuse a term that is part of a proud heritage on a global platform,it creates misinformation that works to destroy that heritage. Watch your words please.
I can't even buy crab here so 15 minutes is a bust.
Chef John aka Mr Cayenne Pepper 😆
You’re the man. Your voice is so soothing.
making this dish will complete me. 🤤
not crunchy and not mushy? munchy?
where's the subtitle! :(
My food wish is Biryani. My friend gave me some very spicey (too spicey for even you Chef John) mutton biryani that was made by her south indian family. And dispite the painful heat, it was so deliciously flavorful. I hear you can make it with chicken, goat, or pork as well. So what do you say? Are you game to play with fire?
Garlic. There should be garlic in this too!
I need that bowl in my life, where did Chef John get it? I can never find one like it...
How long does it take you to come up with that rhyming bit for every video?
So did the crab get cooked or?? Sorry that confuses me
i am salivating now
I love your videos and I can't wait to try this!
I like you portion sizes
Can please do a video on how to make gumbo chef John?
☺👍☺👍
Tomate Du Saltambique, delicious dessert made with tomatoes.
I've got to try this because it seems to me that the Creole ingredients will only overpower the crab and make it taste like tuna. The Asian fish sauce, soy and vinegar will just muddy the savory into a mess. BUT, Chef John has never steered me wrong so I've got to taste this to believe it's true.
Excuse me sir, you seem a bit not your usual upbeat self. Are you feeling ok?
Cheerio
Can you give us a low crab version of this recipe?
Delta Dawn what’s that flower you have on? ...........  🎼
Looks good! but why is it call Creole? just because it has the holy trinity doesn't always mean Creole.. seems more South East Asian to me....bet this could work with chix or shrimps as well
Would Oyster sauce work instead of fish sauce? I always keep that stuff around because its so good. Also since this is pretty much prepared exactly like a rice noodle stir fry, would it be better to do in a wok? thats how i do my veggie rice noodle stir frys
this must be how Mandarin sounds with all the up and down intonations...how i got from anna akana videos to here i have no idea
Why did I watch this while eating subway... now I regret my decision of eating a sandwich...
Why not keep the veg crispy? It adds such a nice contrast to the noodle and crab.  Side note: The sauce, minus the vinegar, would be an #amazing addition to rice cooking water substituting only 0.25 the amount.
The holy trenity is actually celery, onions, & bell pepper. Not jalapenos.
yeeh ok
I would love to be his neighbor/taster!
Thanks for the video.  Would love to see this recipe with zucchini noodles for a low carb version.
Cayenne is indeed talented
More Fusion please
The thumbnail looks worryingly similar to Henry's Kitchen ep 33, which was also just released.
You can basically substitute most of your salt for fish sauce and it will make all your eating better
I wish I could come over to your house for a dinner party.. And then have u read me a book to sleep...
Dear Chef John, where do you make a Food Wish these days? I wondered whether you might consider sharing >Cacio e Pepe< with the world?
Wow I gotta try this
Very first line of the video "We're going to be doing an Asian style noodle dish with some of my favorite New Orleans ingredients" Why are people so damn sensitive smh.
What does pasteurized crab mean?
As a native New Orleanian I wouldn't really consider that a generous amount of hot sauce, but that's irrelevant. What's important is that this comment will help boost YouTube's algorithms.
This guy does not know how to use his tone of voice to finish a sentence. Everything he says sounds like he's ending mid sentence
To lazy to cook today. I will be having Singapore Chow Mei Fun delivered. It won't be as good as your dish Chef.  But, I will get rice noddles and cyane.LOL
I thought the noodles were going to be made of crab, so I clicked faster than usual.
Forgot to put my headphones on in the beginning but I still heard your intro exactly in my head
Looks so good!
Can I substitute my crabs for store bought crabs? 🤨
Since it’s really simple I would make this with fresh rice noodles
Hey Chef John, Can you do a King Cake that doesn't taste like stale sawdust? - someone who used to work in Louisiana
I watch every Food Wishes video, and I always say the intro with him. "Hello, this is Chef John from Foodwishes.com wiiiith... [TITLE]! That's right"
was that louisiana or tobasco?
THIS IS NOT HOW PEOPLE TALK YOURE PUTTING EMPHASIS ON THE WRONG LETTERS
What is your preferred method of warming up bowls?
I think you do a great job on these videos -  I haven't watched that much of them... BUT, the way you emphasis individual words and switch from loud and quiet is somehow annoying for me that much I even once stopped watching
Kinda like Pad Thai. I like it. Will try this recipe soon!
Why is he talking like this? So annoying lol
Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on? Could it be a faded rose from days gone by? XD
You make the best sauces! I’ve been using them in all sorts of dishes! Question, my family likes saucy pasta, could I use the noodle water from these like I would with regular pasta? Thanks!
Can you use regular red & green peppers?
I could also see these working beautifully served cold!
Looks awesomely delicious, but it isn't creole.
I'm surprised there's no garlic. Or did I miss it?
Dude, you're friggen' hilarious. Keep up the good work
GGOD MORNING CHEF, THOSE NOODLES LOOK AMAZINGLY DELISH!, BUT, CAN I OMMIT THE FISH SAUCE? I DONT LIKE THE SMELL. I BOUGHT ONE BOTTLE, AND U THREW IT AWAY RIGHT AFTER I USED IT. CAN YOU TELL ME OTHER SUBSTITUTION FOR IT?  PLEASE!!!!!!
How do you warm a plate? Thanks
Chef John, I made your creamy mushroom pasta this morning for breakfast because a) why not and b) I had ingredients for mushroom pasta and not actual breakfast food. I'm eating it right now and it's soooo good! Thanks for inspiring me!
could you make pad thai?? :)
I wonder how this would do with either foil pouch packed tuna or salmon?!?  Because except for the fresh veggies everything else is shelf stable.
New or lean !
Kapers would probably make a nice addition ^^ This sounds so nice, I have to try something like that, especially the holy-trinity-base :)
Thanks Chef John. You posted this at just the right time. I needed a recipe to cook for my dads birthday 🎂
Could you make blood sausage?
<Faints>
I was taught that the trinity was onion, celery, and bell pepper... sounds good though. 😃🌻
Oh Chef John.  You should soak the noodles in COLD water for an hour then use them as per your video. The heat of the pan will soften the noodles and you will have a better texture/ mouth feel instead of soggy noodles plus the noodles will take up some of the sauce as it cooks through.  Unless that the result you're after.  After all... that is the food wishes of your crab noodle dishes.
Crabs are PEOPLE! Clams are PEOPLE! LEGIT OR QUIT!
Haha sounds like Stephen A. Smith saying "new OrlEEEEAns" xD
This Looked KILLER!  Great JOB, CJ!!
Please do a Pad Thai receipe.
It looks like an interesting recipe; I'm sure it tastes good. But I'm gonna agree that it's not really Creole by any means. The trinity isn't far off from what you'd already have in a stir fry of other sorts. Bell peppers, green onions, and garlic would take it to a different level that would be more fitting to be called Creole.  - Another Louisiana Native
that looks so good, i love anything crabby.
I love the way how he probounciates, at the end of every sentance. And your even reading like that now.
Chef John I love your videos and your inflection, it make your tutorials so much more than the norm.
"Cayenne pepper" Yes! Yes! YEEEEEES!
I don't skip ads for Chef John!
Thanks for sharing! Yum 😋
i'll give it a try at work in my wok,  ths could my quick staff mea !
Bravo.  This looks incredible.  I'll give it a try.
🤤🤤🤤
I wish I liked seafood when recipes like this are uploaded.
Why do you hate me so? I was just going to bed, and look, a food wishes video. I'll be fine, four hours sleep will get me through the day.
Crunchy and Mushy... Kushy?
These are some crappy, i mean craby,  noodles
I cant wait to try this! Exceot with chicken since crab is impossible to get, especially in the middle of winter.
This seems more like asian fusion than anything close to creole
So simple. I will do this.
Damn that looks good!
I don't know if you do have your own cayenne pepper brand selling in stores. But, if you don't you should. Food wishes/Chef John=cayenne pepper
Food wishes this year . A Pad Thai (noodles) video
"jazzed" up. I see what you did chef John!
Celery, onion, and carrot is a mirepoix Celery onion and pepper is the holy trinity.  So what do you call a base of celery, onion, carrot, and pepper? Holy poix? Mire Trinity? Almighty Quartet?
No chef John this is no good my friend. Creole food does not go with Asain noodles. Sorry it just doesn't. Asia and Louisana are not even close on a map. Also ketchup  was a weird choice. I unfortunately had to dislike this one. Try a bit harder next time.
Why do you use warm bowls for your pasta?
That would be great for someone to eat all by themselves, if they were feeling shellfish and did not want to share it.
How do you warm your plates before serving?
that looks great! ima make it
ITS NOT AU THENTIC  *autistic screeching*  I'm only half joking chef John.
Love your videos! Thank you!!!
Emailed this to my mom. Making it next time I see her! Thanks Chef John!
"Creole+Crab+Noodles"...Well...Well...That certainly got MY attention...This looks superb, & the people complaining about the "authenticity" of your Chefly Title are "sticks in the Uppity mud..." : )    I wouldn't care if you called it, "Paul Bunyan's Crabby Bowl"...It would still taste grande...HaHaHa...
looks great
2:48 ...Those two noodles left sticking out of the water have blackened my world. WHY, CHEF JOHN
Garlic,chicken&or shrimp!!! Oh yeaaa babbby,definitely have to try this sauce
please do chicken fried steak.
Dammit Chef John. I've been following you for years and your vocal 'rise/fall' really bother me sometimes  -  but I can't quit you. #how2quitchefjohn  I kid. Mostly. Thanks for the great recipe as always :)
Anyone else catch "jazzed up"?  Chef John the pun god.
Add some oyster sauce to this
Huh, weird.  I agree entirely with your assessment of pad thai noodles.  That almost never happens!
you. are. amazing!  all these creative ideas you keep coming up with.  most other folks run out of ideas, and write a book or something.
"You are the Delta Dawn of possibly getting it wrong."  Shout out to Chef Jon for obscure 1970s cultural references!
AWWW FUCK YEAH
This is awesome! I’m totally going to make this. Thanks Chef John 😄🤙
Chef John has a knack for teaching. Not everyone who can “do” can teach...... he’s the best!
This simultaneously makes me hungry and sick, just bc my tummy's a bit tender rn
yum thanks!!
I can't believe I caught a video so early!
my dog dislikes it when i listen to these videos now.. he lets out a deep sigh whenever Chef John's intonation comes through the speakers.
I have everything for this except crab ☹️
Holy crabs
That’s looks effing good. Thanks!
Delta Dawn? Is that the faded flower?
I'm assuming dungeness crab will work fine in this dish?
My mom has celliacs so I love seeing stuff she can have. can't wait to make this for her
Can there ever be too many noodle recipes.... spesh including seafood???? And cayenne???
Yummmm 😍
(singing voice) hey chef john, you better throw some cayenne on....
Can you please make French Macaroons video
So, I don’t see anything really creole about this. Sure, there’s a trinity, but the sauce is not and neither are the rice noodles. There’s ettouffe which is a shell food dish served over rice, but that’s really it. This is a great crab pad thai, just not creole Also, I think crawfish would tie it closer to New Orleans than blue crab. Just a thought from a New Orleans native.
I was kind of hoping you'd make noodles out of crab using molecular gastronomy.
Damn, Chef John, why you gotta make everything look so good?
Any good recipes with fish sauce? I have like a bottle of it don't know many recipes to use it
Your attempt at creole crab noodles is done. The subject of the sentence is attempt, not noodles, so the antecedent should be conjugated for the singular.
Who are the dickheads that give these great video's a thumbs down? lol
combination of ketchup, fish sauce paprika and cumin is unheard of but looks interesting.
I never liked the term "Asian fish sauce" never makes sense to me. Patis in the Philippines made from bagoong tastes nothing like Vietnamese or Cambodian fish sauce made from sardines which taste nothing like the squid ones from Japan. Kind of like calling all vinegar the same thing.
Would that work with tuna ?
I have always watched a video from Chef john and thought, I can make that. And to my amazement... I can! The only cooking videos on YouTube that actually end in success.
Isn't one of your all time favourite secret ingredients love?
YAY uploaded just in time for me to watch as I eat my lunch!
This looks spectacular! I think I'd eat this every day.
can't find the recipe on the blog or allrecipes... ?
can you do a video of all the basic spices and cooking utensils you should get? So far, all i got on my list is Cayenne pepper...
You start at the pole with your pre-warmed bowl!
Can I use crab sticks?
Love fish sauce. It's like a "healthier" alternative to msg. I use it or worcestershire sauce in just about everything.
Thanks for sharing, looks delicious, Chef John.
How spicy do you like your food?
I've had something similar a few years ago...other than the sauce (not sure what they used), when they put the veggies on, they also added some chopped up or crumbled bacon to it.  Wish the creole place was still open, food was great even though my mother loathed it as she seems to hate anything with any kind of spice to it...
Great recipe for those evenings that I return home from work and I'm too tired to make lunch for the next day. thanks chef John!
Thank you for sharing this recipe.
Chef John, is it possible to use other types of peppers besides jalapenos,  or would that be sacrilegious?  (asking for a friend)
Chef John, again you are the Yankee Doodle of your crab noodle 👍🏻
47 views 64 likes     Guess I'm early
Hello all
Not 1st
Chef, where did you go to culinary school?
Yummy!!!
I wish chef John would publish erotic audiobooks
Do Chef John's 'experiments' ever go wrong? That's just you cookin, John!
cooking battle!!!! chef john vs. chef ramsay, yeah john would kick his ass :)
Yiisssss!
Fry bananas
1st
