I love this bread!  It's great for sandwiches.  Thanks for posting this.
Пиздец!!!! Это самая тупая иммитация  черного хлеба какую толтко видела в жизни!!!! Использовать закваску и ржанцю муку чтоб сделать такой ужастный хлеб эио надо быть очень тупым!!!! Учитывая что из закваски и ржаной муки и мелассы можно сделать вполне себе неплохой черный "восточно европейский" хлеб😁 нахрена уксусы лить и какао порошок сыпать????
A true Master !
Eastern European ??? NO WAY .. not with cocoa & coffee... that’s NOT BREAD !
What Is this a coffee cake or bread ...  aaaaaa I understand Eastern European STYLE - ok 👌
I'm in shock!  Since I'm east European,  precisely from Bulgarian  and I'm a backer,  I would like to know from which eastern European countrie this recipe is.  We are not used to have a melassa or cacao or even coffee to our breads.  So pleas let's not laying the people.
what is "Poolish", please?
What brand is that cool plastic container you’re using?
Very good looking bread, very good instructions but, I HATE PLASTIC WRAP! I think it is Satan spawn lol, no one at home has a professional station just for that evil demon slaked off skin. We have to get it out of a drawer, next to the beloved aluminum foil ( which I think is actually old angel's t-shirts, keeping an eye on the nasty plastic wrap) to use it. Then it must be kept at a distance and only touched when you are in need of massive frustration, or have some left over Limburger.
That was a great video! The visuals, narration and overall content were perfect. I'll be trying this in a couple of days. Thanks!
This is great! I've been looking for a good recipe of those brown loaves of bread they serve you before your meal at Outback's or TGIFriday's. Very brown, soft, and flavorful (sans herbs). Definitely going to try making this. I am wondering if the vinegar is added to impart a strong tangy flavor? I imagine the sourdough starter in itself is already tangy. So is the vinegar added for some other purpose, or just to make it really sour? Thank you for the wonderful videos!
You are supposed to cut a cross on top of it before you bake it.
autolyze/autolyse is pronounced auto lies, not lease.
Lots of caffeine in that.
unfortunately my loaves looked great until I put them in the forms. After 2 hours they still have not risen. Is this a sinking ship or should I just wait longer?
Chef Burton, You have the best instruction videos, by far. Please continue these-they are great. Would love to see a Rosemary sourdough type bread or how/when to incorporate Rosemary and dry vs fresh herbs.
In the USA this is not Brown bread this is brown colored bread. Brown bread in the USA has molasses
Excellent presentation!!!! Very useful information for a brand-new bread maker!!!!  Thanks greatly for sharing your knowledge!!!!!
Is it possible to make 100% whole rye bread?
Thanks Chef. You sure know your stuff!
Great video! Good information, filming is excellent, captions great, and you speak very well! Thank you!
can i give you a challenge please? gluten free bread with sourdough starter.
pizza dough. please
@StellaCulinary is there a reason you use plastic wrap instead of an air-tight fitting lid? Just curious, thanx Jacob iz king
This is awesome, I'm impressed! I'm kind of suprised you put the bread in plastic wrap for storing, this is something I don't do because I think it makes it go too soft too quickly. Thank you very much for the video, I will certainly try it.
Oh me oh my!!!! It came out delicious. I am serving this up tonight with oxtail stew and tomorrow morning with homemade marmalade and uncured bacon. Everything went well, it took some practice getting the tension pulls just right.
I simply can not wait to make this bread. Great instructional as well, you have left me with full confidence that I can make this. Thank you Much!!!!
As always, love your videos, so professional and demonstrate such amazing technique, bravo chef! Keep them coming.
