That hotpot was a disastrous failure. Far too much liquid and flimsy potato covering. But it was his choice.
This reminds me of my childhood
Marco is just the best.
Your instructions are so clear
How to make a Marco Pierre recipe:  Lamb Root veggies Knorr stockpot
Stock cubes are vile
Oucome the stock cubes, really poor for a multi starred michelin chef
all the people are here mocking the legendary chef 😂
i like that he hasn't started his whispers of wisdom quite yet in this MPW phase
Stock cube probably has MSG in it
1:17 Marco's hand is insulated👌
i buy it!
That poor drowning potato "topping"
Marco is a very brave man, i would NEVER use a mandoline without a guard on top of the item, Rick Stein did it once, and oh did it go wrong.
Sometimes in 2024, I give this another watch, wirhout any intention of cooking, just because I love ‘I’m.
Michelin starred world renowned chef or not, that hot pot was shite. The water level is supposed to come out below the potatoes, so you can get that nice roasted colour on top. Otherwise what’s the point in laying on a layer of potatoes, may as well just cook a stew at that point with everything mixed in which is what this ended up as.
Just a Knorr advert really. The Hotpot looks like nothing special. Despite being cooked by the great MPW.
Marco mentions you need 1.5kilo of lamb neck, but he didn't even use half of it. That was his choice.
So good...the last time I made this I added mint sauce for a minted lamb hotpot....it was really good, try it 😁
Looks great
Approx
He refuses to colour his onions or other vegetables, but then adds "gravy browning"??! Questionable to say the least.
Stockpot hotpot hit the spot...pot
You have to love Marco. He’s a legend. Worked so very hard all his life. Much respect to Marco.
Approx.
1. It makes me money 2. It hides the bodies. All of them. 3. It becomes less apparent that I am repulsed by the very thought of other human beings. I wish they were olive oil. My dear mother was olive oil. She was also a murderer. But Italian.
The stockpot jokes are hilarious but seriously the man is a legend...I disagree with him on some Italian dishes...he's a Brit tho
I've got a sudden urge to buy knorr stock pots and I don't know why or even what they are. I don't know how much they cost or where to buy them. I don't have much money or cooking experience, but I'm willing to wash your dishes for free just so I can have the opportunity to be around stock pots, whatever they are. I believe them to be the most  delicious things in the entire world because Marco said so and I trust him with my life.
Can someone by Marco a mixing spoon already?
Says mother nature is the true artist that should be respected. Puts fabricated stock cubes into literally every food.
Gives it that golden brown color *Looks into the pot* *Diarrhea brown* "Wonderful, chef" 😃 (😬)
I've never eaten lamb, is it a strong flavor?
I'm registered blind and I'm telling you all now. my hot pot looks better than that  abomination 🤣🤣🤣
Wheres the lamb STOCK CUBE?!
Let me guess, only ingredient is knorrs stockpot?
Just a very unlikeable man.
he said in prev videos he NEVER use wooden spoon to mix flour /make roux. yet he is using it here!!! fkn HYPOCRITE LIAR!!!!
feeds 8????? more like 4... at the most
Can’t say Lancashire Hotpot because he’s from Yorkshire? Pathetic!
A bit scruffy looking that? It’ll taste fantastic I’m sure but ‘presentation’ won’t be up to much. I do need one of those heavy casserole pots, maybe this winter? Maybe not. I enjoyed the vid, thank you Marco.
have to say ive warmed to marco …. such a charming man … bet he would cook you an amazing steak 🥩 n frites
for a top chef that looked rank ,
KNORR HAVE BRAINWASHED THIS GUY HES OBSESSED WITH STOCK CUBES ITS QUITE SAD
His wife must be so lucky .. he’s gorgeous, a good man and he cooks
Hot pot is my fave food approx for ever
2:52 - Lamb stock cubes do two things. One, it makes the stock...secondly... *INTENSE ZOOM IN FROM SNIPER*
What heat should the oven be on? Please
Lamb HotStockPot
That mandolin scene gave me a mean dose of anxiety
That isn’t a hotpot.
The faded screen multivariately spare because author markedly force barring a sore committee. icy, delicate geese
I love this man
Secret ingredient.. it's not because I'm probably the greatest chef ever, but it's because I use Knorr stock..  Dude, you're pathetic.
This chef is a genius, I am sure. Thanks a lot for your wonderful cooking videos! Thank you indeed <3
You already know there will be a stock pot in the hot pot 😂😂
It worked. I give up. I'm going to the supermarkets and buying lots of knorr stock cubes.
His resistance to heat is phenomenal
He tells us be realistic
Looks like Marco had a bit of a heavy night before this was filmed
*recipe for lamb stockpot
If we’re being honest, buy the knorr beef stock pot, or don’t, it’s your choice
So if we're honest, it's two in one but it's your choice.
GARLIC?  Really??  oh come on, we don't need garlic in everything and particularly not in THIS dish!  it has its own beautiful flavours from the lamb and stock and herbs and veg - why add in garlic, an incredibly strong taste and smell which will make it taste mainly OF garlic?!  I honestly think we should RESIST the fashion for 'garlic in everything'.
"You can see now I'm sweating off my onions gently"    *Unleashes the great hurricane on the pot*
All morons criticising Marco are probably not able to boil an egg. So shut the fuck up!!
Hes very honest
Just an FYI because this is a big misconception, ghee and clarified butter are DIFFERENT. Making clarified butter is in sense a step to making ghee, but with ghee rather than filtering out the milk solids you’d actually cook them in the pot with the butter until they’re caramelized.
I amazed how 3stars michelin chef is down to earth promoting lamb stock pot...
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I just cut out all the filler and eat stock pots straight, my choice.
Hmm somethings not right. In every other video when he makes a rue he uses a whisk because he doesn't like lumps.. but then it's his choice really
All the Knorr memes aside, Marco is an amazing chef. He used granules at Harvey's which was a three Michelin star restaurant, but here he's just making simple good food for a home kitchen. He's a great chef.
Does anybody know what he means by ROO? Idk if I spelled the word right..
sliced potatoes ??? !!!  WTF get off the crack Marco
In another video this waterhead said he always uses a whisk when making a rue and he never uses a wood spoon. Homie cappin ju herzzzz
“Never use a wooden spoon when making your Rue” - Marco Pierre white
Bloody hell, look at this dude flip those chunks of meat with his fingers. Damn.
Parsley, sage, Rosemary and Thyme. It’s your choice.
Looks shit.
Marco Pierre, Was this guy famous for being a good cook, or for a good salesman for Knorr? I don't remember.
So little choices in this one
I read the title as lamb stockpot, which it probably should be
“Secret ingredient” 🤫 Marco wants all lamb stock pots to himself. His choice.
The beauty of the stock cube is: 1. It does the stock 2. It does the cube
"How do you take your tea Marco?"  "A little bit of milk to taste, two sugars, and one knorr stock pot"
Hey Marco....We're over here
I've bee making hotpot for years without crappy stock cubes, I feel so ashamed
WHY HE KEEP SAYING STOCK POT IS THE SECRET INGREDIENT IF HE ALWAYS SAY THAT
I didn't use Knorr stock cube. I cooked a stock myself.. It's my choice...
He lost his touch
Everything’s your choice until it comes to stock pots
Slow it down to 50% and Marco just sounds incredibly tired and bored. It’s hilarious especially when he says “potatoes”
That gravy isn't golden brown, it's bloody dark brown Marco
About half an hour... but it is your choice. I left it for 12 hours. It burnt. Doesn’t matter. It was my choice
Lamb hotpot? More like...slam a stockpot!! Amiright Marco Pierre White?
FFS - Marco that is a lamb stew (and not very good) it is not  a lamb hotpot, you rem!
Pro tip: Substitute the stockpot for walkers sensations of your choice, for a fun new take!
Very simple - there's no recipe, really. Just some potatoes, carrots, and a few dozen lamb stockpots. How many is up to you - it's your choice, really. I put about three dozen because I love lamb stockpots. It makes life easy - very simple. But it's your choice.
why am i finding this more ASMR than any ASMR channels?
He's messed this right up.  He got carried away with his stockpot-stock, and poured way too much in, and all his potatoes ended up swimming in the liquid and not going golden brown.  The top layer should be golden and crispy.  He should've done it for another 45 mins/hour with no lid on.  My Granny and aunt from Lancashire would've deemed this rubbish.
My family had intervention for me 2 months ago and I’ve been clean from knorr stock cubes for 45 days and counting now
Instead of cooking all these dishes why not just eat pure Knorr stock pots for breakfast, lunch and dinner?   Your choice, really. It's that simple.
What does the knorr stockpot do again?
What temp should it be put in the oven?
Is anyone else getting no sound on this video?
The Knorr stock cubes are very nice, it's easy to over power your food thought so you need to practice but the results are perfect for pre packed bland meat
Every now and again you come across a recipe that you have done yourself and you've done it better than the so-called super chefs. This is one of them. As far as I'm concerned this fellow talks bullshit. Talk about the emperor's new clothes.
It seasons the stockpot or it gets the hose again.
Can someone clarify for me, what's the purpose of the stock cube? Does it season the lamb or just make the stock? The video was a little vague on that point.
048 09 17 93 BRIGHTFIELD
The secret ingredient 🤣😂😂, it's no more a secret, Marco🤣🤣😂😅
I think Gordon's cameraman was fired and filmed this video for Marco.
Secret ingredient? I don’t think so- the first name on the team sheet. Yay...and blackjack!
You have the option between your mistress and knorr stock cube. It's your choice. - Marco Pierre White
Meat being cooked in scalding oil..  Mpw: casually picks a piece to check..
I really would like to see him on an episode of Hell's kitchen. Yes i know he was in a couple seasons of Hell's kitchen uk.
“If we’re honest.... it’s 2 in 1.”
What does this chef have with using stock cubes all the time?!?
No need to add salt lol salt lick stock pot cubes
What does the stock cube do? Two things, by all accounts
I like what he does in these videos. Easy to understand and doable by the home cook. I just wish I had his knife skills!👍
i think you would be better off braising just the lamb + veg mixture first and then adding your potatoes about 30 mins before its ready with the lid off, so you get nice crispy potatoes.
Imagine ruining your stock cube with all this other rubbish
it would make it even more easy if i got paid to used it :3
Try this with the lamb necks bone in
I thought he only used a whisk for stirring roux, not a wooden spoon!
Not only does the stock pot do the sauce, it lays the table and does the washing up afterwards. What a stock pot!!!
I’ve had lamb hotpot in China before. Its nothing like this
3:01, Didn't see a fundamental change in the easibility of my life after utilising a knorr stock cube... False advertising
Lamb Stockpot*
At this point they should make a stockpot flavor for each of these recipes
That looks delicious.  Some white rice and a glass of dark beer and I'm good to go.
can you make a lamb hotpot without a lamb stockpot? obviously not
Chef Marco, I love this knorr videos you do. You should do a crock pot series. E.....
Sponsored by le creuset....
He never uses salt😏... Ugly pig
Jesus Christ! That looks like someone shat in a lasagne, I'm British and if my nan served me that she'd be wearing it
So is Marco pro choice?
can i add a stock cube to my girlfriend to make life easy?
Do u thin marco actually uses the Cubes ALL the time??? Haha ..when he can just use salt n pepper for lower cost? What I really want to know is how much Knorr pays this man  🤔🤔🤔
What size is his Dutch oven?
Do you think he touches really hot shit, just to show off?
Binge watching Mpw during quarantine. It's my choice really
So much for not using a Wooden Spoon to make a Roux Marco
I like to use beef because it really intensifies the flavour of my stockpot. If you don’t like beef leave it out it’s your choice.
*Includes Paid Promotion.    Does it indeed.
Food is just a delivery system for stockpots.
I once made this using real stock. Took me one whole day just prepare the stock. Then I use knorr cube. Turn out it tasted the same.
Wow. He cooked that quicker than I have sex.What did he put in it?
A lot of people below telling the head chef of multiple  3 Michelin restaurants, the youngest 3 Michelin star chef ever, the head Chef of The Oak Room, which 40 years later is the only restaurant in Britain to win 3 Michelin Stars and 5 red knives and forks, how to cook; or critiquing him is laughable! Never mind Marco inspiring a generation of young chef's through White Heat, and mentoring them in his kitchens! And you are going to bust his balls for his Knorr endorsements? Do you feel the same way about Michael Jordan and Nike, Eddie Van Halen and Kramer guitars???? Grow up, Masters of their craft make money because companies think they EARN it from their track record!!!!!! Do not use Knorr products in the recipe's he is showcasing. Instead use salt, home made stocks, and condiments. But the method he is teaching you FOR FREE is spot on! Talk about class warfare socialists hitting a man because he wants to earn a well deserved and legitimate buck!
That looks awful
I'm happy to see that the Texas chainsaw massacre is doing good. he's a chef now and not a murderer .
25 ounces of clarified butter? WTF?
I don't like lamb meat, but i like stock pot.
Garlic and tomato don't really belong in a hot pot
Can i use beef instead of the lamb? In mexico we dont have lamb
I'm having coco pops, it's my choice
I came here for the approx....
Knorr stockpot = Michelin star chef
is it lamb hotpot of stockpot?
Darn! Didn't even know Knorr had lamb stock cubes! And of course Marco lovingly tells us what we can do with the *actual* ingredients. He's telling us important secrets, folks. Never mind the Knorr, althought that's OK as well. Nothing wrong with that, it's actually very very good if you use it right.
*00:01* pff look at this great chef selling out *03:15* MUST BUY STOCK POT
God all this man knows is stock pot stock pot stock pot
Fuck the fuckin ad bullshit.
thought this was the worst hotpot ive seen,i rate this chief but it resembled a stew
More like "Lamb Stockpot"
It's your choice, but not your choice to not add the knorr stock pot.
To be honest that looked shit but must Taste good
"It makes life easy" that's all I needed to hear.....
It is absolutely fantastic how he keeps a straight face when he says stock cubes,,Well done
What does the butter do to the potatoes?
Knorr lamb stockhot
So there's our lamb hotpot...not to be confused with lamb stockpot...
First time I used a slice machine, I cut my thumb so badly my father had to remind me I have no health insurance. Thankfully, I had a stockpot cube to cover the wound. Or I didn't, its your choice.
Marco Pierre White recipe for Lamb Stockpot
Who needs tongs to turn meat in a hot pan when you have your fingers. It’s his choice
You should be using a hand guard with that mandolin. You set a bad example to those watching this and other videos by not using one. Cook smart and be safe.
so good !!!
so the lamb sauce has been hiding in the stock cube all this time
Boring.
Darn I thought it was going to be a Chinese hotpot
A wooden spatula? Sacrilege! 🤭
Thank you Marco I'm loving what you are teaching. To learn wholesome cooking from a Master on YouTube is mind blowing! I'd always buy you a pint if I saw you like I would if I'd of been lucky enough to of met Kieth!
I'm assuming he has a contract with Knorr to put the cubes in all the food. Probably gets a shitload of money. Even more than what he makes with his restaurants.
I think it's funny that he doesn't know the difference between clarified butter and ghee.
As a Chef myself, I really enjoy these videos. He's not doing high end plate layouts, he's just doing food for everyday people. He explains methods in a simple low stress way that's very understandable. It's about getting people comfortable with doing these basic food dishes, instead of feeding your family on pre made crap.  Also glade he got away from wearing a chef jacket. Less formal easy to follow and understand.Fantastic chef
Marco sold his soul to knorr stockpot
YOUR CHOICE
I’m sweating my onions off gently. Ha.  Great gag.
2:45 i like how he pause a little bit like " Oh shit i Fcked Up lmao"
MPW: To make this. you need water and lamb stockpot
Is ghee healthier than butter?
I hope every time he says Knorr a part of his soul dies.
That better taste amazing cuz it looks like shit.
I tried this the other day.  Turned out really good.  Although next time, I would replace the meat and veggies with knorr stockpot
Anyone has an idea of the tempareture of the oven when he puts the pot in ?
Lamb hotpot. With stock.
No whisk for your rue eh Marco? But remember it's your choice!  Love Marco btw.
Why do I keep watching these....
Does he put a knorr stock cube in his coffee too?
WHERE'S THE STOCK CUBE!!!!????
whats a gee??
I CAME FOR 1:29
What exactly is gravy browning? Haven’t seen that on the shelves.
I'm fat
Aprox.
Far too much liquid.
He makes every recipe sexy!
A bit annoyed that in these recent videos there is a screen listing the ingredients, instead of Marco menacingly pointing at them with a knife.
Two hours in the oven at around what temperature please ; ?
I'm amazed he can put his hand into hot water...I would've used tongs...now I feel like a wimp :D
Marco Pierre Knorr
Stockpot aside, that looks like it will hit the spot.
Honestly Marco fuck off
His voice is calming
Epic fail
*S T O C K C U B E*
Not a proper hot pot.🤔🤔
Don't tell me... There's no real recipe!
How did you get the videos to post them on YouTube again? Thanks a million! These videos are therapeutic.
