Looks good ❤
Excellent
It really is a wonderful recipe
OMG...Cannot wait to make these!!  Loooove it!! So simple and DEEELICIOUS!!  Thanks so much for sharing your awesome recipes with us Laura.
Back when new year parties were a thing......
You must use a masker, talk less do more pkease
I meant cooking videos
Please make more videy
Hi just a silly question here in Australia we don't tend and refreeze puff pastry...we let prepare am and then cook it that day....is anyone in the same boat?
No butter?
I like to sprinkle mine with Bon Ami before I through it in the oven.
Can i put the leftover of the potato filling in the fridge to use it next day ?
Laura you are an angel
I'm thinking I can make these with regular biscuit dough 😱
I love the little red x-mas tree in the background 🔴🎄🤗😍
I want to make these but add a little cheddar cheese and bacon :)
Laura is beautiful and cooks good😊
They would be nice with some chopped spring onions mixed with the potatoes.
Thank u so much Lura it was more than wonderful👍
Wow! I gotta make these🤗 #ilovepotatoes ❤
Mmmmmm!!!!
Chao Bella
This recipe is so underrated. I have been making these for four years and everyone loves them... I have no idea how they aren’t more popular!!!
I love love love your series....it's ALL I use to teach myself how to cook! Amazing talent!   Because I'm learning how to cook....can you also teach as you cook the techniques you use to cook....what you like to use to stir and how....what you like to do with folding pastry or dough or whatever and how you do it....I find myself listening to every word you say and doing exactly what you do!!!! Love love love your show.....thank you sooooooooooooooooooooooo much!
Tiny bits of crsipy bacon folded through the mash...
Who has left-over mashed potato's ? Seriously?
Who has leftover mashed potatoes?!?
Yumm this looks really good, on my to try list!
what if I added some mozzarella cheese to it or any sort of cheese not only cream cheese? 😅😅
Pocahontas
this recipe makes skin much sense to me, I have always loved hollowing out my rolls and putting potatoes in the middle.
Can u make a video of u making sushi?  Please that would be amazing and very helpful
can you please put next to each video a list of the ingredients needed for the recipes ?
she didn't show the inside part fully after she bit into it, but it looked empty compared to the amount of puff pastry you'd be eating.
I would add a crispy slice of bacon on top of those mashed potato's....bacon makes everything better!
hi laura iam revathy from India I love your video
That Kardashian "Hi Guuuuuys" though :))) love ya Laura
I'm gonna try this with bacon and cheese
this looks good but too starchy for me
Machaouallah very beautiful recipes and I hope translation Belarbi recipes I wish you good luck and continued success
Laura is just so adorable.
hein gueins 😀
can you please make egg puffs???
love love love Laura.
laura i challenge you to a filipino food because i like filipino food so much even they called sisig you must try it ok...... please accept my request right everyone who loves filipino food here race your hands
WYFIE AF 😘
can you use egg roll wrap instead
your husband is one of the luckiest man on planet earth.... i hope he knows that!
I love it really!  No more waiting I want to eat it now!!!!!!!😋
every video i ask this why arent you fat i demand to know
I will try this ... hmmm
top the puff pastry with grated Parmesan cheese when there done I would dip them in a really good beef gravy omg I'm hungry now yummmy!!!!
im not good at baking can i grilled them ensted ?
thank you for sharing your videos that really makes me hungry
Did anyone notice if she added salt and pepper??
They look so good
Will you please show us how to make tuekey spegatti meatballs
like to see home made spanish potatoe balls made
going to try them...
I like the overhead view better than the normal one for rolling out and cutting stuff
Gonna have ago at these good for stater as 3 course meal
can we use fresh garlic if we want to?
Hi Laura; May I be one of your friends or neighbors that you guys invite over. You do bake a lot of yummies !!!! Angelo : )
THESE ARE AWSOME WITH MASHED UP ROASTED GARLIC INSTEAD OF GRANULATED GARLIC AND CAN EVEN ADD COOKED GRATED ONION OR INSTEAD FINELY CHOPPED GREEN ONION OR CHIVES AND EVEN WITH A LIL SHARP CHEDDAR CHEESE. CROWD LOVER. CAN MAKE SO MANY VARIATIONS.
I make the same thing with sausage, egg and cheese for breakfast. I have also used bacon and ham. Never thought of the potato, I will have to try this.
this was so hard
YUM!❤️
That's hot! The puffs are pretty nice too!
"How can you possibly go wrong? ... You can't!"
Laura, you have quickly become my FAVORITE Youtube cooking personality!!  EVERY time I watch your segments, I find myself smiling and giggling, in anticipation of trying your recipes!! Seriously...giggling.
That ending was hilarious 😂😂
This recipe is to die for!
Hi Laura, i noticed the recipe calls for Sour Cream, is there anyway i can substitute this? i'm lactose intolerant
am home hungryyyyyyyy. in the middle of the night. why am i doing dis with my lyfe
can you make the pastry dough yourself?
Like a Samosa, but baked.
Laura can you put sausage meat or hamburger me inside the potato and puff pastry?
Leftover mashed potato? Never heard of such a thing!
what is puff pastry near? obviously it's in the frozen section but i've never seen it.
i gonna tryit but whit cheese in it
I make this with pie dough. Here they are called "patsies". I like mine with a sharp cheddar. You can even eat these at room temp. :o)
mta
Hey Laura ! I love your recipes but sometimes I don't understand the ingredients names you mention .. If you display ingredients names on the screen that would be more clear to your fans ... Thank you
Add some bacon and cheddar too! A really good once a year treat!
Needs some cheese and chives thrown in the mix
Laura, have you ever made traditional German potato dumplings? I would love to see your spin on that recipe :) love your show and congratulations on "simply Laura" wish I got that channel so I could watch you! I know you'll be great!
Can you use philo dough? Instead of puff pastry.
I made these on Sunday and they were so delicous!! My mother in law was really impressed- that's all I have to say.
SPANAKOPITAS NEXT PLS
I need a great dessert that is simple and has no chocolate
i just noticed your microwave is above your stove.that must suck to clean.anyways love your show :)
What 's a puff pastry? Im sorry but am not american
Nice yummy
The puertorican version of this is called papa relleno ( stuffed potatoes) with ground beef in the middle and they are huge. Use to cost less than a dollar.
Thank you!! They were really really good! I showed this video to my grandmother and left to go do something and when i came back, she was finishing up her notes on the steps and was so happy. Then cooked it 15 minutes later. XD
I can see adding spinach to that, yum!
Yummy
How can these be reheated?
Can these be made in advance?
Thank you for such a wonderful idea. I made these today with a few changes. I decided to make them more like a loaded baked potato puff. I added some finely chopped bacon, chives, and shredded cheddar to the potato mix. It was awesome!  Thanks a again.
Can i use pie crust instead of puff pastry?
My potato puffs keep being all soggy. Why?
You look so Italian with this hair style
I bet roasted garlic and thyme or some old cheddar cheese would be amazing! Just happen to have some puff pasty in my freezer.. guess what i'm making tonight !
i think you should open you own restaurant in las vegas nevada ,i really like your cooking tecnics ,i love your beef stew my family love it,i dis the rice ball's they came fantastic i made the nutella popsicles the bufalo wings ty so much laura i think you are the best cheff
can i put motzarila or any kind of cheese instead of cream cheese
Yummmmmmmmy ty dear
These look reallyyyy goood OMG
I made this and it was really good but dont fill it too much!
thanks i mad them and my husband lovvvvves them so much
ur gonna get me fat, i wanna make everything LOL
ah ha ha laura you are funny . . . .  left over mashed potatoes. what a laugh
brown looks good on you !:)
Omg I made these tonight and my family loved it the whole pan was gone in seconds Laura in the Kitchen  you are amazing! !!!
I have a similar recipe I call "chicken pockets" where I put mashed potatoes, broccoli, cheese, and chicken inside puff pastry. I make four per pastry sheet but I have made mini ones for a party. My household's favorite comfort dish.
Y-Y-YUM!!!!!!!!
The hi guys its laura vetale part is so pitchy then when u start talking its normal
Hey Laura, How about putting some Chop Meat in the Center and then surround them in Potato's in the dough Puffs, Sounds good right?
could you do this with wanton wrappers?
Your makeup is always so pretty!! You should make tutorials
hahahahah she gives the finger at 5:13!
Im surprised you didnt use a ice cream scoop to put the potato mixture onto the pastry haha
LOOKS & TASTES GOOOOOD. LOVE IT.
Looks sooo good
Can you add cheese to the mashed potato filling? Mmmmmm
I made these with ground meat and broccoli added inside, they were amazing! Like little snack size meals! :)
Thank you so much for sharing this, I'll definitely be trying this, its such an adaptable recipe too. I was thinking of adding some grated cheese to the mashed potato for a cheesy potato filling :) Such a fabulous idea and a great use for left overs too, thank you for sharing x edit: Have just made these for dinner with tuna steak and they look amazing :) hubby will love dinner tonight, thank you again, hugs xx
Oh yummmm...wonder how they would hold up with some chicken sausage or turkey? Mouth watering just thinking bout it!
Made these tonight.  They are delicious and easy to make!  I would experiment next time with cheese or beef in the middle, but they are just as good alone or dipped in catchup.
Great idea with mashed potatoes!  You look so nice here with that sweater and your hair braided on the side! : )  Una bella ragata!
would adding cheese to the mashed potato mixture be okay?
dunk it in gravy!!!
@Potato LOOOOOOL ITS NOT HERR FAULT Chu're Delishhh c; #LauraLuvsPotatoes
This is a very mean video saying you want to eat me :c
Looks like Laura Vitale has a black eye on her right eye hmm
Sweet potatoes will be awesome too!
Yummy! They are basically like a "boureka" which is a Sephardic Jewish snack =)
could you add bacon bitts
I use all yur recipes
Well, you have the cream cheese in it.
Oh my goodness You look so cute in this one! Don't tell the Hubby I said that! Great recipe too!
Dear youtube,   please stop putting cooking shows at the top of the related videos bar on every single video I look at, regardless of whether it was related to cooking at all or not (seriously. I got here from a Gundam clip.)  Thank you, apologies it was this one video out of several cooking results that this comment had to appear on.
she looks beautiful in every episode <3
You realize that the eggs we eat are unfertilized, right?  So, I assure you, there were no chicken fetuses inside them.
she is beautiful
Mmmm this will also be amazing with sweet potatoes!!!!
Well you did add an unborn chicken to it... Soo you went wrong there.
I love the view from the ceiling. I can see everything that's going on
Will you be my second mom?
This recipe seemed interesting.. Will try it out, but i will probably add some grated cheese to the potato mixture :P
They come from Naples
I need to stop watching this when I'm hungry..
stop at 1:00
Cool, looks delicious!
Looks amazing!
I made these today.. very tasty and it looked exactly as Laura made them! My two comments: the potatoes needed are less than 1 lb, I ended up with 1/2 cup of mashed potatoes (I was very generous placing them in the pastry) + the time it needs in the oven is 13-15 min, not 20 min. Of course it depends on your oven, so pay attention to these after 10 min!
Lora pls make some Asian spicy foods if u can ,,, :-)
I'm sooooo hungry!!!!! Hahaha they look so yummy!!!! Love ur vids Laura!!!! :) <3
i think she/he meant bacon
Omg looks so good!!!
omfg please let me have these!
LOVE watching your vids, you're amazing. xx
Ohh I've had those before. But in the inside it has mashed potatoes and ground beef. It's sooo good.
Is the granulated garlic that important? I bought all the stuff to make it but I forgot the garlic :/
Oooh I'll try this... my mom just bought potatoes and we have pastry sheets in the freezer.
I'd sprinkle them with cumin seeds, yum.
Oooohh looks yum :)
Ya know, you might have to use oil. Like vegetable oil, peanut oil, or olive oil if you want to be a bit health. Because oil is the only texture close to eggs that comes to my mind. I'm not sure because I haven't tried it, but I might one day.
what's beacon?
Super. Food channels who needs. Commercials reruns blah. Support ms.
just the sound of when you bit into the puff made me sooooooooooo hungry!i'm totally making these!!!!<3
why are you not on the food channel though??????
Delicious!
Water instead of egg would work, the egg on the top just makes the puff pastry shiny. I hope this helps :3
Mabey it even tastes good with cheese in the center to
dont worry, you didnt say anything wrong :) i dont know why its flagged as spam
Laura, do have a recipe for potato puffs without eggs? I love your techinic (I've little to no patience myself) and your recipes have never failed me! My eldest son is allergic to eggs though and potatoes are his favorite, I wanted to try this to put some variety. Most eggless recipes I find are in a word, bland, pretty hard to find some good ones. You on the other hand make the most mundane decadent!! Great, big fan here!
I love mashed potatoes
Hey Lauren, if I use red bean instead, what other things I should add in?
Laura, that side braid and makeup are amazing on you :3 you look suuuuuuuper pretty in this episode :)
add cheese with smashed potato and it will be sooo  good
you looks sooo gorgeous with a side braid!!
st.vincent , eastern Caribbean
is my comment flagged as spam? :s sorry if I say something wrong, my english isn't the best :(
just pray
Why is this comment flagged as spam????
I know. A lot of words are, like zebra.
My comment was actually suppose to be a reply to another comment not just a comment by itself so stop being so negative towards me people. I know it depends on where you live, a lot of words are pronounced differently depending on where you're from. I'm not hating at all, I actually pronounce it both ways, but people people always get annoyed if I say it with the h pronounced. Just thought I'd clear that up.
Laura has an episode on how to make he puff pastry
From your fellow Jersey natives, these look awesome!
this turned out great!
Can i substitute sour cream with plain yogurt? :D
if only puff pastry was sold here :(
You look really beautiful in this episode. :)
I thought they were going to be gross but when I watched this I'm was like OMG so good!!!!
Katniss Everdeen look!
i just made this and it is really yummy
Hey Laura. I made the potato puffs last night and they were wonderful.  I also added some mayonnaise, butter and fresh basil, cut small, to the potato which made it YUMMY! The puff pastry I used one single "thin" sheet, thinking that's what I was supposed to do.  Too thin, though; have to keep them together and then roll out. I didn't get it, but now I do. Going to make another batch tonight, since I still have some potatoes left. Thanks for this recipe. It was fun to make.
Please make mozzarella sticks!! <3
Soo...craving...for... These!!! ._. >.<
you have many speak than cooking. it bored
Good ... Thank u :D
I love the way you put energy and enthusiasm into the process. You make cooking look arty. I want to know how you manage to look fit and trim even though you cook food that will make me blow like a balloon. do you really eat what you prepare?
lol pause at 3:00
Yammmmmyyyyyyy
just made these. I added basil and garlic to the mashed potatoes. Totally delicious!!!! You are a kitchen goddess Laura! thanks for the recipe!!!
Depends where you're from.
The h is silent in herbs.
im hooked on your channel. i love that you make Real food.
:))))))
if only puff pastry was sold here :|
This is what you do for your friends? Hello my name is Whitney . Will you be my friend? :)
Omg! I am so making these. I have to stop watching these videos.
Cannot wait to make this. Looks so simpleeeee.
you can brush with some milk instead :)
In this Video she doesn't have any Idea that she will have the Gas.. Break.. Gas.. Break cab driver in the near future. Hahahaha.. .
Love how she says "erbs" instead of "herbs" XD <3
But ur recipe rocks,,,,,,thnx or sharing
Hi Laura,instead of brushing it with egg can we just brush  It with oil,I don't eat eggs pls help ?
Daum it looks soo good :)
No like.... SERIOUSLY???
At the market?
I think.if u dont have the sour cream u.can use  yogurt am im right ????
well there's a problem i have i live in Egypt and most of the stuff is no where to be found here so can u tell me what to replace them with plz [Sour Cream, Cream Cheese, Granulated Garlic].
only thing i'd add is a bit of grated cheese (swiss or cheddar) and some crumbled bacon...yum!
Where can i buy pastry puff
lol :D
where would you buy puff pastries because i have just now figured out what they are! :)
love the color of the brush lool and looks delicouis
This looks a bit like when my son makes knish; and then with sour cream and creme cheese. It looks soo good. :-)
this looks sooooo delicious
hey what brand of puff pastry did u use for these? you know, not all puff pastries are good =/. wanna buy one that's certainly good.
hi laura, could use please tell me what brand of puff pastry u used for this recipe ? =)
hey laura, i was wondering if you have suggestions as to what you think this would go good with?
Oh my I'm so hungry I'm craving those >.<! Lol:)
Hey! It's like French fries but in different form lol
I just made this they are so easy, fast to make. Plus they are delicious.
theese look like they will be great with loaded mashed potatoes
1lb of potatoes doesn't sound much. It looks like she has a lot more in the bowl.
Those look so good!
Cool! Yesterday, I've tried them with bacon. That was really good...!
Damn the looks good laura
ooh! fancy new angle! You should use it more often :)
No, you're not allowed to do that.  I'm joking ;) Sure you can, why not? People always ask for things like that, but honestly, it's up to you. You could even add some bacon or some chives, that would be delicious, too.
Making this for dinner, however, I don't have cream cheese..... can I just use a bit of warm milk?
tried this soo soo so good
BOGBONAGBOONG  BOGNGOBODOGOND GODNG GODNG DODGNGOG NONOODOGON HI GUISE IM LAURA VITALE.
eat it with gravy
the more successful version of potato  Burekas >< Thanks, Laura, I might try it once, and keep it up :)
I like the new camera angles!!!:D
you look great in brown
It is usually in with the frozen pies or cakes. You could also ask someone that works there.
Also, I just guessed on the amounts. I don't really measure much when cooking most things.
I made these but changed up the mashed potato recipe (because I didn't have everything shown in the video. Instead I used cream cheese, blue cheese crumbles, and a bit of buffalo style hot sauce and made "buffalo wing" flavored mashed potatoes. They were pretty amazing.
omg that sounds amazing :D
Looks delicious! :O
you can easily find them at the supermarket, freezer section where you can find frozen pies, butter, etc. good luck :)
made this with bacon and chives in the filling! thanks laura for sharing! it was awesomelicious :)
I don't know why I can never find puff pasty :'(
This one made it to the list of things to try.  Thanks for sharing.
is the cream cheese and sour cream optional? can i just....not include those? @LauraVitalesKitchen
Mmm along with some bacon, cheese, and chives in the mash...ya buddy
wow thats is great I am in going to try them
reminds me of a potato knish !
she must've left it out accidentally.
Omg I'm so hungry now :D
Making these today! :)
I made these yesterday and they were delicious!! They went in minutes!
of course.. I'm just going to use my normal mash recipe in this simply because I'm Lactose intolerant lol so you can use what ever you want and put what ever you want in it :)
Made them today - perfect!!
that looks good T_T
can u do a kitchen tour
Can I substitute butter instead of cream cheese? Thanks:)
that's just a round samosa
maybe some chopped bacon  along with the filling sounds pretty good too.
that looks soo good
Im doing this tomorrow... but your websites says butter?  How much do i need for cream cheese?
@sydney42511.  She said the answer to you question in the video. -.-
Pause 5:24
i made this yesterday and it was so good!!!!!!!
It looks Wow!! What's the substitute for egg wash ?
Hey Laura love your show. Please make duchess potatoes!
potaters  lol
Omg made this last night huge hit thanks
when i told my parents about me wanting to make potato puffs they looked at me like i was crazy...they did  not knows what it was....but it turned out delicious.....
I made them today nd they were so delicous
Laura the cream cheese is not in the website recipe
Literally making this right now I just stuck them in the oven you can go to my channel and look up my facebook page and I will post pictures and on her facebook page too
I've tried them and they are sooooo good man!
I've loved cooking since I met you laura :)
jus noticed that the cream cheese is not included in you website? =]
@unknownmissy97 so do i lol
YUMMMMMMMMM
@maymay621:You are the stupid one!no you did not mentioned salad,but she was trying to make a point,that obviously you did not get! It does not matter what you eat,if you pass your 1800cal. per day,you will gain weight.Bonsoir, Narvali/Gadjie
Laura, you really do need your own show!!!
In ur video u have only galic sour cream cream chesse salt  n egg u didn't said butter but in ur instruction have butter! !!!!!
Thanks Laura, my mouth is watering right now!
Wow that does sound tempting will have to try both ways. Thanks Pmwalls46
@LILLYWAYNA:Bravo ma grande,tu lui a bien ferme sa G*** Je vie aux US mais je suis née a Paris France,Moi aussi je parle plusieurs  langages,J'aime une femme qui non seulement et belle,mais intelligente aussi. Greeting from Vegas   D'une ville femme ;-)
You can use milk instead of the egg wash. It works just fine :) Did half with the egg wash and the other with milk cause some people in my family can't stand egg wash too.
Yum... guess what I'm cooking Demain? look so good! Merci Laura Greeting from Vegas
How are you not on TV girl!
You can if you're a couch potato or sit at a desk all day, drive over an hour in a vehicle and does no kind of exercise whatsoever... but i agree on all your other points... I'll exit now.   Looks great Laura, can't wait to try them!
and yet, Laura isn't fat now is she??? You're eyes need work, sweetheart.
Looks good, and maybe a little green it needs :)  broccoli rabe. mmmm
Is there anything to use instead of egg wash? I can't stand eggs.
Thanks for another lovely yummy recipe Laura :)
kekekekek loved the jk
Cooking at three a.m..... "how could you possibly go wrong?" She said.... WELL MINE BURNT THE FUCK UP.  Oh they were puff pastries. The only thing puffing was all the DAMN SMOKE THOUGH. but so tasty :)
hearing that first bite she took, omg me waaaaant that food ! :'O
Benji sent me here, and boy am I glad!
I cant stop watching x,x they just look so good D:
Thanks. You are awesome!
I have so much left over sour cream... Any suggestive recipes?
love the top camera view!
this is a weird statement, but I think Laura would look nice as wonder woman lol
Just made this recipe, turned out really good. I added some shredded cheddar cheese. Great!!!! The only thing is the pastry puff got soft after about 20 min lost its crunch. But as I said still tasted great!!!
If you were my neighbor I would be your best friend! Such delicious recipe and I just love potatoes, any way!
I love puff pastry!!
why oh why do i have to experience so much suffering from hunger? this channel is literally is being unfair... T_T
Pleeeeeeease make creme brulée!
On your website the recipe does not call for cream cheese, but butter. Which should we use or are they interchangable?  Can't wait to try these. TFS
Well who doesn't love a women who cooks good food
love it <3
i didn't know Pocahontas can cook
can you make a apple pie ?  :D
Can you tell me the ingredient that we needed..
this look delicious
^_^  Save some for meeeeee!!!!  ^_^
potato and nutella? no...
never watch Laura Vitale when you are hungry -_- MY TUMMY IS GRUMBLING
Wow i'll def make these for my family they love potatoes in any way shape or form..
Can I substitute the granulated garlic with garlic powder? :)
I think that it'ld be uncooked potatoes, cause that's when you weigh them, not when they're cooked.
laura please do cake pops i have seen other videos but since your my favorite youtube   channel i wanted to see your version
add some bacon bits and cheese.. even better lol
Omg Laura this is yummo!!!
And is that 1 lbs of uncooked potatoes, or 1 lbs of cooked potatoes? They increase in weight a lot when cooked.
Perhaps she works out? Perhaps she does not eat to MUCH of the dreamy deliciousness she cooks?
So, you can make them, but not cook them, and store them in the freezer in advance, perhaps DAYS in advance, and then just shove'm  into the oven just before it is time to eat? Can you freeze the finished, cooked puffs?
Laura omg girlfriend I just got a standing mixer for my birthday!!! Now I can make everything exactly like you!!!
can you put weed in it ?
reminds me of samosas! but without the indian spices and peas :)
do a video on food to be taken to college already made or give us ideas
y u no get fat?
Laura, you need a cookbook with all of your recipes that were uploaded onto youtube!
hey laura this recipe isnt on your website yet...but i still made them super easy to make ..they r yummy...
Dear Laura,  I know it's not Easter but I would love it if you could show me how to make Italian Easter pie. It looks so delicious!!  Please and Thank You :)
Looks delicious. Thanks for sharing Laura!
Could you make a coconut cupcake?
Parsley, basil, rosemary, coriander leaves, sage, marjoram, chives   ect.
Sex, and a lot of it
Oh my, i love this :D i am going to make this for sure :D i love potato XD Laura can u make Pineapple Tarts please :D
Yammy yaam :D
her ad just played before the video
it's like wanton made with puff pastry
Can u Make a recipe on Hershey Blossoms
Can you please make alfajores!!!
yummy!
Love the new top angle! This looks yummy I will deff make this!
Add some chives to it and DE-YAMM! Good eatin'!
YUM!
Laura alwayssss has friends over, seems like every day
YUMMY! Looks like another great recipe from you! Thanks Laura.
Lol she never lets anything cool all the way, the food is just that good, burn and all lol
Can't wait to make some.
I LOVE YOU LAURA!!!! I've been watching your videos since I was 12 you are my idol, Just got a YouTube today so happy! Happy New Years ^.^ ♡
Walmart carries puff pastry in the desert freezer section. Typically bottom shelf. ;-) good luck all!
i wish we'd have puff pastry here...:(
it's hard to find a puff pastry dough in my city :( laura , can you teach us how to make  a puff pastry dough ? :)
HAHAHA I actually lol'd at this.
Mmmmmmmmmmmm
I love puff pastry recipe! Thanks Laura!
ahhhh these looks sooo good! I LOVE potatoes
if ur doing that to mock laura i will pop u
i love everything except the part of the potatoes
shut up!
thoes look soooo sooo sooooososososos good
Frozen isles or next to the cookie dough in most grocery store.
Same thing as herbs, silly. Some people pronounce the 'h' and others do not.
You can make scrambled eggs or it will last in your fridge for a week and you can add it to something else you're making.
Ah,, very true :)
Where do we get the puff pastry?????
fried eggs :P
It looks so good 😍
Lycky? She does work out. Most ppl  with nice bodies and good apetites do :)
make fried eggs
Ohh i can so make a vegan/lacto vegetarian version of this :) to stick pastry together use soy milk. You just need moisture and protein and soy milk has both. Pastry looks better without the egg wash on top- my personal preference, but soymilk or  earth balance butter or Ghee can be used as well :)
Get the app "wolfram alpha" for ALL your needs. It costs hardly anything. It's like, fortunately,  having a genius at your fingertips...as unfortunately most of us don't have one inside our heads.  Only saying it, as I'm most surprised by shareen's request.  I don't mean to rain on Laura Vitale's parade. Happy New Year y'all !
Watching you eat, makes me really want to eat too!
I so have to try this out...thanks you :) looks great
That looks SOOO good Laura! I need to get my oven fixed so I can make them :D
Omg ur hair is down
Throws it away? lol
She must only eat what we see her eat b/c I get fat just looking at it.  She's so lucky.
make more potato puffs till you run out. :)
If u use leftover mashed potatoes with milk and butter, could u just stuff the puff pastry with that?
looks really great!
omelette
yummy i must add my cayenne or chilli. thanks Laura love you always!
I would add cheese and bacon!
i wanted to see what the inside looked like :(
Looks diviiinneeee!
Ty this looks soo good!
Im going to do that :)
Making your banana bread now! ;P
Hope you're feeling better! Love these, thanks so much for keeping the vids coming at this time of year :) Made me feel so much better xXx
Make an omelet or something like that! :) Or you could just use it in some pancake/waffle batter for instance :)
Nice
Im sooo hungryyy
imagine these with cheese inside ~<3
Yummmmmmmmmyyy ... looks delicious! Puff pastry is my favorite, will try them one day xoxo
wat happened to ur potato ricer?
I guess if its with milk, you could make scrambled eggs with it, thats what I usually do, I just make a bigger ammount so I dont have like one tablespoon of scrambled eggs lol
Breid
Love ur bread
I've no idea where to buy puffed pastry from in canada, but could you use Pillsbury crusts instead?
Google is your friend
just make an omelet
Sounds like that would go great with Italian sausage. Ummm
French Toast? Custard?
if you care about your carbs don't watch this you know you just waste your time iwatching this since you watch your carbs
Fried egg? :)
Scramble eggs! :)
Please I would like you to make a simple chocolate cake recipe!
Pommes D'Auphines
"Puff Pastry, mashed potatos,, how can you possibly go wrong??"  uhmmmm.... dont know.... perhaps from CARBS OVERDOSE!!
before i cook i always say that lol
Every time I watch you make something delicious, it makes me hungry
I also never know what i should do with it,but now i had a GREAT idea.....what about some scrambled eggs?:D
Mmmmmm made me so hungry!!!!
make french toast
yummy
AdorableAznx3 has a good point, but roasted garlic has a tendency to be like butter.. i'd say as long as you pureed it really well it would be delicious.
These are fantastic. Thanks Laura
Can you do a banana cake :D
Add some cheddar and cooked bacon bits sound super yummy too :)
roasted garlic mashed potatoes is really delicious and it's definitely not as strong as fresh garlic. The problem with roasted garlic is that it's more time consuming than using granulated garlic or garlic powder.
put it up on your site i need to make these!!
Could you make these with pie crust instead of puff pastry?
HAPPY NEW YEAR LAURA
Looooove your hair! And the recipe of course :)
I make these every Christmas with my Mom, and I use roasted garlic instead. they turn out fine, but I tried them with granulated garlic! They turned out MUCH better thanks to you! I love your videos and I cant wait for you to upload more!
i'm sure roasted garlic would be fine, just that it'd be a bit sweeter.
She probably doesnt want someone biting into a puff and having a chunk of garlic!
I would rather make some croquettes with leftover mashed potato, but you've given me something else to try out!
add some caramelized onions instead of the garlic powder and youve got yourself a modern spin on potato vareniki
Kenish
They're like potato
What is puff pastry? How can I make it?
This looks delicious.
I love how you post videos so frequently! Do you have any new years ideas for making deserts
How embarrassing, my mouth started watering!
You look so pretty^.^
ima put abit of grated cheese in it aswel
Love to watch your videos. You really enjoy what you do. I actually get hungry watching you taste your food with such gusto. Will have to try these. I will be making gnocchi soon.wish me luck. Thank you for sharing. Bless you and your family.
y u no put parmesan on top? nomnom
Can u plz do cake pops!!!
P.s. I LOVE the "hi guys...Laura Vitale" intro!! :-)
Nope, not really. It just adds color and a bit of texture really.
Oh wow!! Those look incredibly delectable. A must try!  You're just too adorable. OT but your makeup is always so stunning! I'm sure this channel keeps you busy enough but you I'd love to see some makeup tutorials from you too! Lol. So pretty!
from my point of view: she and other US "chefs" always use non-natural things, lets say 85% is from bags,chemistry things, etc.. Use natural ,my suggestion ;)
I'm on diet now but i keep watching your videos TT btw,  your video is great as always ;))
LOL, you'll get used to it eventually....
Green onions and bacon would be sooo good in these! Thanks for the recipe
the more i see your recipes the more i'm glad for discovering this channel :D:D:D
So yummy :)
i have always wondered this .. when you put the egg wash on there do you taste a hint of eggs?
Your voice is so annoying when you say HI GUUUUUYS.
need to make these! they must be delicious! i like it!
god that looks good
that loooks soooo gooood!
You can always skip the intro by fast-forwarding it
Dear Laura thanks for the video. In Malta we do a similar product called "Pastizzi" and these are filled with either ricotta or peas or and anchovy mixture. the YouTube has these videos of pastizzi, they are extremely popular in Malta and can be found anywhere.
your eyes look soo pretty in this episode!
Looks really really good
She already has a recipe on cream puffs.
sounds crunchy
is the 'aerial view' a new feature? i like it =D
Omg, these look SO YUMMY!! I'm really hungry right now...:)
Why do you bite into it without showing people how it actually looks like inside?
say potato puff 10 times!! Like if you failed!
Your friends are so lucky! Where do I apply to be your friend? :D
I don't think I have granulated garlic in my supermarket. Any alternative or how can I make them?
do you have any substitute for sour cream?
Could you use these for brunch?
Why's the camera focused on you most of the time? Anyway thanks
Can you share your Christmas and New Years menus on your blog?  Even if you don't have all the recipes, I'd be interested to see how you combine dishes together!
Where do you get puff pastry??
she has made them before
laura can u make sugar cookies
Laura, what about using roasted garlic instead of granulated? How do you think that would come out?
looks delicioso!
I'm very impressed with Laura putting out videos over the Christmas holiday period. These look yummy, going to give them a try for New Years Eve x
Yummers!    I need to try this recipe ASAP
who the heck does? ahaha x
2:23 xD
Say farewell to the low Carb diet!!
my potaters are done :)
Haha Laura you are watering !
How do you get the camera above your head?
lo mismo aqui!
These look really nice! Might give these a try. Does it matter which type of potatoes you use for this?
se me hizo agua la boca...
Aww, those are cute. Chubby little bundles. They look like they have a nice taste and texture marriage going on there. Definitely want to try these.
I've been waiting for this ever since Laura posted the picture on facebook!
You da best Laura. made your twice baked potatoes and your butternut squash gratin for my christmas party and It was great. i absolutely love your recipes and the way you present them.  Hope you have a great New Year!
Hahaha! Some people lol...
Tnx 4 da recipe !:):P
samosa?
they look so delicious!
omg your hair color
Thank you Laura looks sooooo good
alright alright it's snack time..
Very good
Perfect! I still have mashed potatos leftovers (Christmas) - going to try this today! Thank you :)
those look gooood! yumm
Made me so Hungry! and its almost midnight here :( haha , pretty haird braid! I have Question! I love making ur blueberry turnover too and just like this recipe too, when u use Egg wash, i have left overs and is it ok to save them for few days?! btw, anything u eat look delicious > <! omg so hungry!
i wish i was a magician..
Im the 138th viewer ^^
first,,yes
hmm delizioso =)
Nyummm!!!
HORAAYY
FIRST!!!! Definitely LAURA IS THE QUEEEEEEEENN OF YOUTUBE!!!
Love your channel
feeeeeeeeeeerssssssssssssssssssssssssssssst
