Its just a prank! The prank:
when i get in the link i need help with the link
How do you get the link
There is so many bots in this chat your videos are ass
Has anyone used it on iPhone with no home button
I did this to my friend but but what I didn’t know is bye I as restrictions set by his parents to prevent him from clearing his history on safari so yeah...
not me looqking this up
Will it work android
Hi
I have to click the link to get it
im guessing im the only one here in 2020
I've been up all night
My sister :p I'ma get her when she wakes up
Watching in 2020
Whyy i cant copy the link it just let me go inside the websitee linkkk
Pissing someone that is not my friend and family?? Hell yeah that’s even better
Can any give me link so I can prank my ex boyfriend plz
Links are broken :(      Dang It! I really wanted to do this to my friend
Does this work in 2020
It’s fake don’t even try
They took the link down 😔
2019 ???
Your Black iPhone is Real And White is Fake because when you turn on It Shows White Screen And Apple in Black Means Fake And when you open Black iPhone It Shows Black Screen and White Apple Thats Real
This isn’t a prank. It’s a virus.
This is why android is superior
L L L
My friend sent this to me. I clicked the link and it said  “potentially risky “ I got scared so she showed me a video
This my bug in tablet  when i use google play when im done using it it stopped many times and android things after that   the wallpaper became black
And what if the ways to stop it dont work?
The music is tiny wings
there is no link
Meet Desai brought me here.
Where can I copy the link
Updated
Uploaded on my birthday :)
ne0n.ml
Dose this work if you send it on android
Help! If i do that it just screenshots
Can you do this in messenger
I'm sending my enemy this
works in lenovo?
How come the link doesn't work
What happens if u open it on a laptop
Hello, what is your wallpaper on your iphone ??
Does it work on an ipad
*See guy without a screen protecter* You live the dangerous life as well?
Are you playing the Tiny wings background music for this video? Lol
I was thinking about doing this to my friend but I'm scared this might be too far since I can't really tell them what to do to fix it...
Lol the one on twitter will empty your phone credits!!
That glitch when I restarted my iPod
Both links are broken.
does it work ?
Hi
Links don't work anymore :/
what happens if u it on pc
I want something legit
android save for this?
Can you do it on WhatsApp?
**NEW* CRASH ANY iPhone With This 5-Second Video :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgf0YWNw28w
Does not work on iPad that so good cuz I'm on a iPad
Doenst work
How many phones does he have
It doesn't work anymore
To defeat. Press home button, send yourself a text message with a link "www.google.com" click the link when it comes. Safari will load new page. Close the evil page.
Pls update the links!
Pls update the links!
Since I don't have an iPhone I use iMessage on iPad, when I sent this to my bff and she didn't open it (she is smart enough not to fall for these links) and I clicked it by accident, my iPad rebooted and when my little bro pressed it as he doesn't know how to read he just clicks on anything and the glitch came I pressed both buttons but it just went to recovery mode (showed Apple logo and went no further also my computer says it found an iPad in recovery mode). Why did this happen?
My iPhone 6s Plus has Chinese folders what do I do I want my device be safe please tell me
What is your intro song?
I did this to my friend and she flipped shit would t talk to me
i think this channel will be more succesfull than apple techspot i like this channel equally as much as i like apple techspot
Instructions unclear, got dick stuck in ceiling fan
the start to the video    wow! :D
What about for android
I'm a idiot I clicked on the link
what happens if you open this on windows?
It works on android also in pc do not open in microsoft edge it glitching out whole pc lol
The Hack Spot Holy shit this works on my pc on chrome wtf!!! check it out not joking omg!!! what kind of virus is this!!! my chrome just lagged on i7 lol and showed not responding screen just force closed it with taskmanager and cleared the history it worked
Hey hackspot is it possible to jailbreak 32 bit devices and how I am asking and so is my half a million followers on Instagram +thehackspot
Can I do a vid on this
Does anyone know how it works?
Do you guys know if this actually affects your iphone? Does it put spyware on your iphone?
Bruh
All of the websites in the prehacked games video don't work
Hey man, is there any way I can make paypal money? Without surveys, videos, or any of that bullshit. It'd be great.
Is there a hack for gangstar Vegas that is legit?
hey this isnt nothing related to this video but i recently got the snapchat hack that you uploaded and now it doesnt let me sign in its telling me im using an old version of snapchat system thats no longer supported any help?
Background please?
Can you make an updated gba4ios tutorial, the old one (the updated version) won't work anymore?
Can i show us how to downgrade from ios 10.1 to ios 8.4.1
Does it work on ios 10.1
i love your channel but i dont have an iphone to try these on could u make an android video from time to time like 1 iphone vid  1 android vid
3 phones wtf
Can you plz do a how to get paid apps plz
Can u do free app in iOS 10,1
In my iPad Air 2 I open it from safari on YouTube my iPad back light start to darker and darker I got a solution just restart the device by holding home button and sleep botton and let it go restart and it will be safe
Intro song name plz
How to get paid app ios 10
it fucks your phone up don't do it
t.co/NWhmJNcHP9
What's the intro song?
TINY WINGS?!
You should do a hack on fun run 2
How can I fix it
It won't let me copy it
Lol he had porn history in safari
Can i get free offline music ios 10 ? Pls
Hack spot can you pls make a vid on how to gen free gems in clash royale but not using cash for apps because I'm using my cousins Apple ID and I can only download free games so if I want to redeem something he needs to put his password. And I don't want to ask him so can you pls make a vid.:)
Don't try it on mac it makes mail show up
The song is tiny wigs
I accidentally clicked on the link I panicked but then I just force shut my phone down
Anyone else just love his thumbnails?
Apple tech spot is back!!! Hell yeah man! Good to see you back in action. You were always my favorite apple youtuber.
Pls do a video on how to download google App Store on iPhone
Dude tutu helper is not workin y downloaded it 3 dayz ago and it workt fine but i go to gta and its not working y tryd downloading a game on tutu app and in never downloads help can u fix ???? PLS
Hackspot I need a method to instal paid apps for free ios10 and above
Why is it like there's always something stuffed up in your nose?😂
Hey bro I've been watching u for a while and I saw ur comment on keatons vid. Ur so lucky u have an iPhone 7 I have an iPod 5g
U sound like apple tech spot
please can you go back to your old apple tech spot intro. I'm pretty sure it was called new style or something. it was cooler than your one now.
Can copy the link
I just pranked myself.... So I just typed it by hand
Can you please do a video on how to convert a voice memo into a ringtone through pc!?
You need a doctor to get that cracks in outta ur nose
TheHackSpot please make a video on how to get cheats for the tuber simulator app on iOS (:
I gave a bunch of people on Facebook this i got 40 messages asking wtf on my phone
How do u fix it
The hack spot what's better windows or Mac for doing jailbrak and downloading stuff like cydia impactor
Lol
i found this on pornhub....
The Hack Spot, I have a question for you, here goes; I recently attempted to use the no computer jailbreak pangu hack, Cydia installed but crashed every time it opened.  Later with the release of iOS 10, I attempted to download.  The software update screen (when checking for a new update) never loads.  I have since reset my device through iCloud but same issue.  Any help would be appreciated. Thanks
@thehackspot if u saw this comment please replay ❤️ thank u for all the hard work u did for this channel
Can you make a free music player video?
make a video of rooting galaxy s7 edge please
meh, just tried this on my pc and my rn3 - the browser crashes (big fucking surprise). Also have to zero out my browser setings on my rn3.
@TheHackSpot you had a gaming channel can anybody tell me what it was pls I beg
https://t.co/vgh5adMWfy
Can you try to find a ds emulater
I did it on my iPhone what do I do
DAT IS AWESOMMMEEE!!!!
https://t.co/vgh5adMWfy
Works. Funny 😂  But I'm not sure my friends would think so if I send the link.
How to install Cydia impactor in PC to iPhone 6 or 6s or 7 please tell us 🙏🏽
Why the fuck are you using Tiny Wings theme song for videos? It's lame
The first link is the best to prank friends and family 😂😂😂😂😜
*Tiny Wings* Music <3
Lol nice video buddy👍🏽
Is that tiny wings music?
Sounds like he has raisins stuffed up his nose
Will this work on messenger
OMG THANK YOU so much!!!
Also works on Macs.
you broke my ipnoe
android is the king always hahaha
I'm a dumbass, I pressed the link in the description because I thought we were suppose to go to a website and get the link 😂😅
How do you copy
Make a movie/tv show app video cos the recents ones don't work as well
Outro song?  pls?
Hahahha
I ain't messing with these links. Knowing me I'll accidentally press it instead of holding and copying it and fudge everything up lol
Cant copy the links
pls ??
Dear TheHackSpot, can you make another video of prabking someone but using an android version
My iPhone when force shutdown has half red static and black screen... info:  ios 10.0.2 iPod touch 6
Think about it, my phone was getting 'Untrusted connection from...' DO YOU THINK I WAS SCARED.
Don't delete history just turn of wifi and close it
Does it work on android
You and EverythingApplePro should collaborate
Does if Work wit Whatsapp ?
HERES THE LINK = http://t.co/vgh5admwfy
I'm gonna have to open the link then copy it from the Search bar.
When you click the links before watching the video -.-
Im doing this to my mom right now 😂😅
**LINKS Updated* - If one does not work, try another.
Nice vid
WAIT HOLD UP DIDN'T YOU JUST HAVE 5000 SUBS WHEN DID YOU EXPLODE
What about for the iPod touch 6 generation
@thehackspot the links don't work
Dis gon be gud
This is a real virus right? cause it looks like it , and it looks risky and dangerous too
When i press it nothing happens lmao Why doesnt it work on my phone Im on iphone 6 ios 10 latest or almost latest and i come to the tab where its SUPPOSED to open the things but nothing happens.
Let me buy one of your phones apple hack spot
What happens if u do it to android phones???!
OMFG!? What link do I copy and send to them????????????????
http://iapps4u.ga/virus.html
If someone does this to me, start running👿
You're one of my favourite YouTubers!
I think you mean it works for iphone SE and below for the ome and power button(Se is the second newest)
http://iapps4u.ga/virus.html
Hey I was the guy u face timed #camerashy
Hey big fan can u give me a shoutout please
This cannot hurt your phone at all right?
Pranks on you it's actually a real virus 😂
Im sellong a sms bomber it basically send unlimited message from anonymous number and it can't be blocked kik me blitzmodz it cost $10 message me of you want to try it
I have the chrome app and it brought me to the chrome app and it sent me to mail and gave an email to send a virus detect but if I exit out of that then I'm fine nothing is poping up lol
Check out my YouTube
It don't work no more
You do know that you can tell Siri to search up something and then click on it and then exit the previous tab? Am I right?
I have iOS 10.1 beta and it doesn't seem to work.
I just pranked myself
Thank you for this
Omg you made my day or night.... I guess
i send it to myself nothing happened i have iphone 6 plus
I'm so glad you restarted to do these kinds of videos even if you lost your channel
Tiny wings theme nice
I can't copy the link from mobile. How do I copy it?
That's no prank that's so hard to remove
Y am I juss gettin the notification 😐
http://iapps4u.ga/virus.html
you guys took down that guys website feel bad for him since he doesnt have paid plan so he doesnt get unlimited bandwith. I uploaded same thing to my website https://goo.gl/q03Lr5 , https://goo.gl/nAUFbu and https://goo.gl/UGeq1V enjoy!!!!! I promise you this link will not go down.
Not working
omg this channel was on 5k subs when i subbed but now........
Legend has it if you comment first Ihackspot will answer
THIS PRANK IS WAYY TOO FAR CUZ THEY DONT EVEN KNOW HOW TO STOP IT SHITT MY FRIENDS GANNA WHOOPED KY ASS CUZ OF THIS PRANK XD
does alot of your jailbreak apps take up alot of space?
They already patched it
Please respond I'm a big fan
Use mac-safari.com instead, if directed properly, can put them into a much worse situation. ;)
***To copy the links, you might have to open this video in the Safari app*
Wallpaper???
I heard that if you were this early, TheHackSpot would respond. Is this true?
Like This Comment And Kik Me @Tcqm If You Want The Link !!
***DISCLAIMER*: Do NOT open this link on a Mac. It's even more annoying! But if you do happen to click on it on Mac, then follow these steps:  1.) Hold down the power button on your Mac, until it turns off. 2.) Turn it back on (it may take longer to load) 3.) Once logged in, right click on the Mail and FaceTime icons in your dock, and click quit. Do this multiple times, to ensure that the prank does not start up again.  4.) Once they stop opening automatically, you're good to go. :D
How do u copy the link
The 2 links he did is not the same in the description
how u get the link
you should make a video on how to root an android phone
fack uo 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Cool video dude I pranked my parents and I got grounded lol : )
Doesn't work for me
im early
Won't clearing the ram help to
It doesn't work anymore
Will there be any more jailbroken how to's?
Early
Hello
Noice
How do I copy the link on my phone?
C65th
It's not a prank, it's a real virus. I sent one to my friend before, and her phone shut down for quite awhile
How do I save it? It won't let me copy it by holding it...
Thehackspot how u get the link
How to get the link???????
Hi you are awesome
secend
You are the best
Best glitch ever!!!!!
I'm so early
But really. Can you just make something new. I'm waiting for another apps free. I'm tired of these dumb vids
Nice vid keep up the good work !!! :)
Nice pranks for iPhone 📱 keep up the videos
Awesome!!!!
First can I get one of your iPhone @ihackspot
First comment yay😀😄😄
32
First
Cool Video Bro Keep It Up
I GOT SECOND
Omg 2nd one to like and first one to comment
Ha
Ha
Third
10
5th
iphone text prank
Hi
First
Awesome
the best
Like
3rd
2nd
Notification squad where u at 💯💯
Second
Hi dude
Hi love your vids💯
1st
2
Heya
First
Second hahaha
1st
First
