came back to this video because I used this video apart of my assignment from years ago. Wow! 1.4M views... I was using my school account at the time, so I couldn't comment.
i shat in ur bin btw
I compost our hamster’s and six guinea pigs poops and it’s been an amazing addition. I’ve also composted rabbit and gerbil poop. I’m pretty sure as long as the animal is on a vegan diet it’s fair game to compost it all?
Thank you. I have been doing all wrong. But now I can correct it!
Cow farts release methane too 😂
with the holes, fruit flies get into the composting bin. is that harmful?
Belgrade Serbia like from grandma Duda's kitchen 💗🍀♥️♥️ good luck
I wanted to add dry leaves to my local compost garden. But they said dry leaves don't biodegrade as well as they want.
You can't get browns during the summer
They must have gotten a divorce 🤣👎
i wonder how you have changed your instructions since six years ago? this is a nice effort, and i appreciate your work here. however, it felt very complicated in your introduction, and nowadays, we avoid plastic at all costs with anything to do with gardens, cooking, and food due to micro/nano plastice migrating into your use. keep up the great work!
Thanks for ur efforts, why r some people rude on comments,either take it or discard it...peace
Can horse poo be used for compost
Does it have to be covered?
Can I put duck peces mixed with pine shavings I got from my duck coop as the brown?
You making things more complicated, take your science somewhere else lol.,7year old kid can do better, you just wasted my time.
Liaten carefully. U dont hvbto be concerned about carbon Dioxide release. The ocean plants and sea life releases more carbon Dioxide than all factories in the world combined. Who told u the lies about climate change?
I like the pvc tube on the ground idea….do we need to put browns as well or not?
What if I don’t have enough browns to compost?
What a succinct video. Thank you for not telling me I need to start with some store bought purpose built bin. I composted several years ago when I lived in a house with 7 other people. I saw how much organic waste we produced and started collecting. After being away at work for 2 weeks at a time, first thing Id do when getting home was stab into my compost, inhale the wonderful smell. Also the heat produced was incredible. Had to show my baffled roommates...look at the mycelium!
if u guys were wondering what happened to faith. she got older and now advocates for infected men with stds should be able to donate blood, and claims she lives on stolen land. shes unfortunately been brainrotted by liberalism
I'm trying to make (because it doesn't seem available anywhere) a kitchen compost bin (so just for collecting food scraps, not for making soil) but one with a foot pedal. All the kitchen compost bins for sale seem to be made for counter top use, meaning they have a lid (a lid would require you to use your hands which may be dirty from cooking etc). What I need to make is a foot pedal, hands-free version.  Do you think I can simply buy a regular foot pedal trash can and drill holes in it? And should I maybe glue some charcoal filters to the underside of the lid or elsewhere for the smells? And if it comes with a liner bucket (ideally it would) would it be OK if only the liner had holes drilled into it, and not the outside of the can? Thanks for any ideas!- Maria
Thank you
No bread! Attracts animals!
Too much
Charcoal really
When is it ready? How do you know it’s ready to use on veg patch?
Oooh the liquid fertilizer part.  I like the idea of putting a tap on the bin.
Thank you!
Why’d you tell me to subscribe?
Thanks for the video.  I'm starting one today!
If you turn d brick up den u can put a smaller bucket below to collect all dat nice water dat drains out, then ad water and wet yr plants.
This is just great guys. I've started mine today out here in dubai. And I've only used the advice you guys give on this video. Thanks alot.
certain pets should be fine like rabbits if they eat hay, grass, and veggies right?
What if I put two cups of potting soil in, would that introduce the organisms also (store bought potting soil) ??
Cheap immersion blender works great for breaking your food scraps down to more manageable sizes
Where are the earthworms? Are they needed in the compost?
What if you have no access to browns?
How often do you turn it? How often do you add food scraps? Do you add carbon when you add food scraps? how do I know it's done?
this is amazing! i am 15 and have developed an interest in gardening and with no money for fertilizer i decided to loko into compost and i already have everything i need!
First doing it and when I opened my container, I notice some kind of white mold, similar what we see on bread more or less, is it normal? Thanks for the content, very very useful for someone like me (first time house owner and starting a new garden =) ). BTW I'm doing in a very similar way as you showed.
Схема компостирования другая. Нужно  ферментацию сперва сделать,  а для этого нужна  постоянная влажность в компосте и биопрепарат добавлять раз в месяц. У меня получается отличный компост, в нем растёт все быстрее и хорошая подкормка для других растений. Терпения и у вас все получится, удачи!
That was awesome. Thank you.
Shorter grass clippings usally stay green longer. Using a greens mower at a golf course taught me this. They dry out within an hour or so...
This was fascinating! I learned what I needed. I will spread this message & hopefully more people will start composting. It's not that complicated!
Why are fresh grass clippings green?   Wouldnt they die and turn brown quickly when clipped?   In which case, they are brown?
Do you only put in organic food scraps
Oh no , that’s too much work :(
Like for that picture at the end 😄
make sure you only use all natural charcoal if using!
I did the same thing like you, but there were lots of ugly worms of big flies inside the bin (new bins with lids). It was really disgusting! How can you avoid flies lie eggs and produce worms inside your bins?
Only thing more painful than hippies, are Aussies
WHAT ABOUT RATS AND MICE? Sorry for caps.  nice vid, gardens look lovely and natural.
Is this really necessary to have a good garden?  Seems so troublesome and messy.  Can I use weeds as greens? My garden is full of weeds and seems like a waste to throw away. lol
Just when I thought I was ready to garden. 🙄 Having to keep up with a compost pile. Turning watering but not too much
Lovely kitty!
Why are bones bad for compost I figured they would be a good source of calcium no?
Came for the compose info, left early due to the woke earth-warming-mambojambo stuff. You go woke, you go broke.
You are so lovely
This was very helpful for me! I'm moving into a place that has a community garden and plan to start gardening in my own back yard, so I wanted to start my own compost bin :D  edit: Sorry for all the nasty comments, this video is great! It helped me decide and go forward with starting my own compost bin (I'm sure it has helped many others too) so rest assured you guys helped the planet that much more 💚 Thank you for posting! Great vid!
What was in that trash bin with the water spout at the end? I caught cow manure. What else?
thank you...soo far the best video about the composting i found, from my months of searching
It's all gmo's  anymore. We the people lost control of our republic.  Brainwashing and indoctrination ruined our world. Not global warming or a carbon foot print. Remember the wealth of the world created our crisis not the people.
I think you put more than enough holes 🕳in the can that's why the water 💧 ran out to fast.🤭👍thank you for letting me post comment. 😎
Nelipots unite!  Heheh fr though ty both so much for this, I've been feeling really guilty about throwing my veg scraps in the trash; so making a compost is a long time coming.
What a pile of bullshit.....Make a big, I mean really big composter.. And it does not matter what you put in it....
how do you keep the maggots out?
Never put horse manure in your compost or garden! It has herbicides that can damage your garden.
so it's just put craps in a bin? no added dirt of leaves?
I made a in ground compost bin, Check it out on my channel on how to make one
Was wondering what you were drawing at 1.41 mark
Hi I was wondering if I can use horse feces in my compost?
This is a HEALTHY way for us to eat our own foods
I live in the high desert and the only “browns” we have is very sandy soil and junipers. Anyone know if I can use these?
Is bunny poop ok to add to compost?
how often should you water the compost bin?
I can’t wait to see steam in my pile. It’ll  be so magical!
You guys are adorable ☺️
You guys are truly making a difference. Good job.
we talking about compost or your issues
Dang my celery always going bad but not a lot I like in…. You guys remember how gross the school cafeterias vegetables were?? Dry old genetically modified unprepared unseasoned vegetables like they wanted it thrown away
The maggots will break down the rotten meat and dairy and also feed the 🐔.
Who's the guy in the video?
Does it matter if there are seeds in the fruits and vegetables?
I plan on starting one next year, not growing anything. Just want to reduce my waste
Thank you!!🙏🏾👍🏽👏🏽
Very cool video! Very late to the party here, but well done!
lol she said t bag
Can you put bread? Crackers? Or pasta and rice?
I just want to make sure, but I can add the guinea pig waste to my compost pile right? It's wood chips and little vegetarian turds
very good step by step guide
Thank u for the video, was going to run off and spend lots of money on a compost bin, but came across your video. Was able to recycle a old disused 25l bucket that had a crack in it. Now that's the start of my compost manufacturing and cycling process. Trying to make a small difference in persevering our planet. Thanks so much for the help and advice. 🙏🏽
Great job explaining balance is key. I'm starting a big compost and I'm happy I kept all the dead leaves and stuff I cleaned up around the year to use in the compost now, I thought I had too much but now it looks like I'll have just enough!
6:03.. using to much wood ash would kill or hurt the compost
Thank you for your video. Simple to follow.
Informative and straight to the point ! Thank you :)
Looks like you added some bread / toast; this is a no-no. Don’t add cooked foods, dairy, meat or bread. Unless you want rats of course.
So No worms?
How often do you store the compost? I’m new to this but this video the most helpful I’ve seen! Once you put everything in the bin and water it you leave it covered but for how many days till you have to mix it ? And how often after ?
Can I make hot compost in this?
As someone coming to YouTube university for compost knowledge, this is by far the best content I’ve seen posted about it. Super informational & useful, thank you!!
Thank you guy's. Symplicity at it's best 👍😉🇮🇪🍀
Thanks master
You know if I'm watching this video I'm probably already sold on the idea of a compost bin and the importance of composting, so why are you wasting my time with the long intro about food waste etc.
Can horse manure be used?
Wow, this was very interesting and informative. BLESSINGS
Cow and chicken manure aren't good for the soil. In the long run, it kills the natural soil.
Awesome video!
Talking about being wasteful Drills holes in a bucket then tries to fill the bucket up wasting gallons of water 😂😂😂
Nice. Composting returns what we have taken from Mother Earth. For example: Compost can hold 5-20x its own weight in water, so adding compost to the soil increases the amount of water that is able to penetrate into the soil. Not only is this great news for the plants, it also means that water can seep all the way down to the impervious rock layer where it swells up and replenishes local springs, ponds, and lakes. I have collected some of these benefits of composting in this video: https://youtu.be/NnOwLqfVZO8
Pets that eat ruffage and plant based pellets, their poops are okay for composting! The paper/wood shavings used are compostable aswell. Omnivorous pets or carnivorous pets such as dogs or cats are a no no
I've watched so many videos and this is the best one!
Imma throw my two guinea pigs turds in it anyways. But thx for the vid
Thanks for sharing
Thanks so much for sharing your brilliant ideas.. i love the way you compost your waste 😀
If you are going to say don't do something, please say why.   Why can't pet faeces go on the compost.  It seems the obvious place to put it.
Thanks for the info
Do I need to be mindful of the veggies that have seeds in it? Are they going to sprout I there?
Very interesting I may try that! I never made compost before.
Interesting. I just liked and subbed. I posted a video making a ‘no cost compost’ just with old bins containers that would otherwise be thrown out.  I like the explanations you have. I am relieved that my ideas align very similarly with yours as some of mine I relied a bit more on logic that science :)
Would rabbit poo be ok? Since most of their diet is fiber ?
This video stinks
I heard you can't use citrus peels in your compost because the worms don't like it??  Any truth to that?
do i mix up the compost whenever i add new stuff?
Thanks!!  Got the concept.  Well Explained. I think I shall start small & do the bin thing, b4 going for a larger quantity.  Keep up the Good Work - Ushta-te!!
Just wondering if i can use horse manure instead of cow manure since i own one. He mostly eats hay and horse feed this helped a lot thanks 😊
I just learned so much THANK YOU!!
If you live in a concrete jungle. You can use shredded paper if you don't have dead leaves. Newspapers, old magazine, envelope
5:37 he steps in the water 😞
Does anyone know if I can added rabbit or chicken feces to it??? They eat plant matter.
Very helpful information,,, thank u Lot's.. .....
is chicken feces safe? they eat earthworms,corn and other leftover foods like rice and veggies
This is so helpful. I live on my own so there's not heaps of scraps but I would like to use it wisely. And I didn't want anything to big or hard to do. This is perfect, thanks.
Is rabbit feces safe? They eat the veggies from our garden..
How do you keep rodents at bay?
Very simple and clear!! Thank you.. did exactly what u told  Btw should we have holes drilled only at the bottom and not above.. I see few videos where there are drill holes all over. Should I drill more wholes or not?
Can you please give tips on how to keep ants away from your compost bin?
I think the garden pvc is the way to go, we make about a small bucket of food scraps every 3 days not enough to do a full bin but certainly enough to keep a well made garden box fed full of nutrients.
I just couldn't bring myself to drill holes in a perfectly good can. There are a billion better uses for it than to use it for making compost.
Could this fertilizer be used for cannabis
The  No diseased plants rule is ridiculous  As your compost heats up and cooks everything all the  Disease will burn off.
My compost bin is amazing so many larvaes from black soldier fly I’m so happy when they visit my trash ! They eat everything in there 👍🏼
You say about not using pet faeces, I have pet rabbits, could their poops not go in either then?
I love your grandmother's idea of the PVC pipes and bin for liquid plant food.
Okay Im sorry but I doubt landfills are full of more food than PLASTIC. plastic is in and on everything we touch
Thank you for this i'm gonna give it a go
Such great info. Love it! Will learn lots from you guys...thanks heaps from Australia
This was so helpful!! I have tried to search for other videos and it did not explain the step by step process at all. This is what i needed!
Great video! very helpful! so can I continue adding kitchen scraps to the compost through the composting process or am I supposed to collect kitchen scraps for a while and then start the compost?
Tea bags are not biodegradable, they often are made of plastic fabric.
You're walking barefoot in cow manure. Aren't Aussies sophisticated?
Wonderful presentation .
Thanks for the video!
i thought u had to add worms
Thanks guys👍
This is a good video and very helpful.  Where does the methane that naturally occurs when vegetables breakdown go during composting?  If compost releases less methane into the air what comes from the natural process of decomposition has to go somewhere.  I wonder where....
This is the best compost video we have seen so far. Thank you so much ❤
Thank you for uploading this video.  I still need to learn more but firstly I need to try it out tho!!!!!
Thanks for sharing 💞
@5:17, Photo bomb by beautiful Feline👊💫✨
Am starting a compost... wondering, wont' the big sticks be hard to work with and not break down? Also wondering if its OK to put near a large fir tree. Have heard not to put near a tree, but its a pretty big tree, and its about 8 feet away. Its the only place thats not terribly hot in the summer and not too close to our house.
Moving into a place with a yard next month and looking to start a bin. Question, can you put dog poop into your compost bin? I have a dog and figure why not if it could be done.
That backyard setup is creative af. Going to copy that. 👌🏾
WBC would love this guy :)
this was super cute and very imformative!
Of all the videos I've watched over years, this is the best one. Thanks!
How to Compost kitchen waste easy way to fertilizer  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvbiPtP_q68
I truly appreciate the time you both put into this video. When I searched about this topic, your video was the 1st to pop up. This will make a difference and I’m getting started as we speak💯
very informative, thank you!
I just subscribed and realized you guys deleted the channel
I just pulled a bunch of weeds and vines from my garden can i use them to start a pile
well based on my first view of this, find someone else to watch. They have limited knowledge combined.
can I just buy some soil conditioner into the compost bin? I use that for my compost toilet, so I think might work just as well with kitchen waste. What do you think?
Awesome!  Thanks for sharing.  I really like the PVC pipe in the ground. 👍 Going to start mine today.
So I can use cow poo but not pet poo? My pets are cows lol.
What a waste of time
Is drilling holes necessary?
Can I add chicken poo to my compost bin? Xx
I’ve been watching videos on composting all week and this is by far the most beneficial in educational one I’ve seen yet. Thank you all so much
Awesome video!  The science explanations are informative and easy to understand.  This rocks.
But you should not... 1:40  Dick and balls
damn hippys! love the video thanks~
Thank you guys.. This was really helpful!  I've been trying hard to make compost in my little plastic bin.... Got few great tips from what's going wrong.
Clear explanation. I think more people should embrace vegan composting: No manure, meat byproducts, or animal products. Just plant-based compost. People want that.
Nice video, thanks😀
How does carbon balance nitrogen?
woah h ha crazy
You shouldn't compost pet feces?? Excuse me! Lol I have bunny and yes, you can compost his feces...AND my soil is better than yours 😉
Great! I want to introduce composting in our neighborhood in the urbans and potentially minimize Biodegradable waste. This video is very comprehensible. Thank you! Keep it up! 🌏
Thanks am  learning more about planting
Thank you so much for this video. The science part helps a lot! :)
Get a 4” pvc pipe the height of the trash can. drill holes in the pipe small enough items won’t fall into it. Stick in the trash can and save the trash can.
I recommend that you try to avoid using plastic If you can. Because very small pieces usually fall off. Also when you make holes in it, there are small plastic pieces that falls to the ground. But there are pros and cons for everything.  For example, I think it’s good that we don’t switch out plastic with paper for everything. We can not increase our paper-production  , because of the rainforest.
Why no pet feces? I've read that it's good  as long as pets have been dewormed.
What a gorgeous kitty at 5:17!
Lovely picture at the end 😍 Thanks for sharing your tips
Interesting topic...
Jehovah God took the man and settled him in the garden of Eʹden to cultivate it and to take care of it.
it was better to drill holes above rather than below and drill  bit larger holes below.  we can also keep a container below the composting bin so that the essential nutrients draining out could be kept and yes not to add water when nitrogen green waste have been added. The browns absorb the excess water from the greens so minimal water and mineral wastage takes place and less rot
https://youtu.be/bMvOck0ZYrs  Hi. My kid also do composting. Please like and share. Thank you 🙏🏻
Great video; very educational. The bottoms of those veggies could have been rooted to plant more veggies. Also, I hope you didn't throw the seeds away.
I didn't get the ratio correct. 2 parts Green and 3 parts Brown? (40%Green, 60%Brown ?)? Or  it means 1 part Green,  and 2-3 times part Brown? ( 30%Green, 70%Brown? )? Thanks
You guys rock. Its nice to see my generation doing things clever way.
Can you put card board in the compost mix when putting the scrapes in? And thank you for this I just started  compost buckets in my kitchen for my garden and wanted to find out how long it took and about how to keep the animals out and so on... thank you again!!
Thank you for posting this. I've tried and failed 3 times at making a compost pile. You guys made it so clear. I'll try for lucky number 4!
2 guys: making compost cat: can i be in the vid pls i wanna be famous
So at the end, didn’t not matter what order to add the things in???
I have started this, but i cannot find enough brown!  My greens are 2x or 3x more than my browns and i don't know from where should i find dry leaves in this time of the year... I have asked for eggsheets but they are not enough and i think that leaves and sticks are more natural... So i have stopped until a see any result on my first compost bin, which have started to smell..
oh!!! this was Wonderful!! thank you so so much for shareing!! yall are fucking adorable
What lovely people you are ❤️
Great Video! So packed with info!!! Can I put pine needles and onion peels and garlic peels? The outside part is what I question! Thank you so much!
Very helpful. Thank you so much. Wished there was something to contribute you for your work.  People should support more
PORTLANDIA!
I live on the third floor, by decided to make a tiny compost bin anyway for my plants pots. It's fun to do.
Super helpful! I've been doing drop composting, but I wanted to to start composting to create garden soil (and eventually start a garden). I especially love Grandma's composting system.
What a beaut couple showing what they love and whats right. I hope you have a bunch of kids so you can share your wisdom.
how do i know the right amount of water?
Who else is led to do gardening because of quarantine?
Very informational I loved the illustration ❤️
Thanks for your video! I took some notes and hope to start composting :)
not too organized and no point to show slow cutting....but some good examples are there...
Very informative but i was very much so distracted by his lack of shoes.
My grandma been and still doing this for a really long time but she never used to put water like you do and its much better if you dont use water
nice
Hello  guys  fr Mauritius  i like  it but  am doing  also  with  these  hard time  of Govind 19  in my country  i don't  have  have  a  Garden  so i put  my vegetables  garbage  in small  bin then  i soil on the spoiled  vegetable  i live  its the 1st  time  am doing  this i hope  its work  like  your gd jobs  guys  🙏🏻❤
You know I just wanted to learn how to compost I didn't need the soap box
Interesting to see you put citrus skins in your compost.  Here in NZ, we dont put citrus in our compost as it cools down the mix too much.  Have you heard that before ??  I love compost, I, Hugle ! Great vid Cheers
Hippies
So wait, when I compost it does not release methane in to the environment?
Thank you, this was very educational. I hope one day when I have time, I can start doing some gardening work.
I’m a little confused, how do you get the liquid fertilizer into the bin with the spout you use manure and what else?
I'm always worried about mice and rats trying to get into compost.
Does anyone knows how long it will take???
No way to compost if you live in an apartment???  Ah mannn 😞
02 QESTIONS (1) WITHOUT ADDING BEAR, IS THERE ANY METHOD TO ACCERLATE COMPOSTING PROCESS SUCH AS BY ADDING YEAST ETC. (2) CAN WOOD FINE SAW DUST BE USED AS BROWN MATERIAL
Adding water gently would eliminate the need to add burlap. I never would want to "flush" all that good doo doo out of my bin with bucket after bucket quick downpours...🙂
great info guys!
For a compost pile that is in a bin rather than directly on the ground, do you need a lot of dirt or is there enough microbes on leaves and branches that break down the pile. Also are worms a necessity for compost in a bin
Thank u ,great video, u make it so easy. Keep u the good work
Thanks so much for sharing your ideas....Great Work !
I've been feeling really intimidated and worried about trying to start my own bin but this was incredibly encouraging, I'm going to start it today!!
Really great advice...feel encouraged to start one now🙌🏾👏🥰
Very good  lm Mexican
what about mice getting into it? Is it usual?
I love u too
Would it speed up the process if you blended the food?
For those of us stupid ones, where did the burlap go!! Was it cut I pieces?? Was it used as cheese cloth??? Was it a magic trick???
U guys are awsome
This compost Video is really helpful for me. Because now I know what step I was forgetting, it was adding water.
My advise is don't buy food you are not going to eat!  You can feed a family with your kitchen scraps.
Loved the video and the drawings were helpful. You guys are so cute and down to earth! Keep up the good work 😃🌿👍
Thank you ❤️
Nice video. Can I use dried seaweed as browns? A lot gets washed up in my area.
Cute cat intermission!
This is the best video on home scale composting that breaks it down really simply and explains all of the aspects of it as well as some troubleshooting thanks a billion!
this was great! I wish i could get a copy of the drawing you made!! Super helpful.  Thank you.
Why use dry browns when you then just added water? Could you use damp browns instead? I live in a damp climate and drying garden waste seems labourious especially if I then need to wet it again...
FUI. Don’t drill holes at the bottom of bin, as you’re loosing much of precious juices. Drill holes at the lateral Side of the bin, about 10 cm from the bottom. That way - when compost dry it will draw water from the bottom up.
This is one of the most informative composting videos I've seen! Thanks!
Thank you! I’m new at gardening and still have questions.. so I have the choice of doing the pvc compost in any area where I plan to plant? So the nutrients of the compost spread on the soil?  Also.. the big bin.. you keep filling it as you collect organic debris or do it once and leave it? What you do with the final result? Sorry for my ignorance 😝
I have horses. Would horse manure work as good as cow?
Thanks!
Great video, thank you guys.
3:04 why?
Why are they not wearing shoes and gloves tho? Lol
Very helpful thank you.
Excellent
One of the best videos on beginning composting I have seen.    I live in the high desert of Southern Arizona. Since it is very dry and hot here how often should I water my compost?
I have some questions.  1. Can I use rain water for both compose bin and for the rubbish bin? 2. What type of food scrapings are best for the PVC pipe compose option? 3. Is rain water safe for the vegetable garden?
Love this video
Thank you
Could I put used straw from last year in the compost bucket?? Also that would be considered brown matter right??
Wonderfull ideas, Thank you
Okay I have a question if you put stuff like scrap tomatoes from the garden that fell off the plant and pepper won’t the seeds from both start growing in there and then we would have tomato and pepper plants growing in the compost bins that’s one of my concerns
Thank you!  I am trying to learn how to grow my vegetables.
dude just put on your shoes!!!!
What category would the hair and nails be in? Browns or greens?
Major fail 🤣😅😅
Can you use chicken poo instead of cow manure?
Is it okay to leave my compost bin in cold and hot temperatures? I live in a 4 seasons area. Also how do I protect it from creatures like raccoons?
wont get worms in then
Cool, but wearing socks with flip flops!!
Also be careful with onions and garlic, bit acidic for worms
Nice 👍
Should I leave the compost bin in a shady place or sunny spot?
Thank you for the video. Wouldn't it be better she put it over the ground instead of the sidewalk
Rabbit poop is ok. You said no pet poop but i think you mean no carnivore or omnivores’ poop right??? Thank you:)
Great video! I’m about to buy my first home with a yard and first thing I want to do is start composting and grow my own fruits and vegetables and this video helped me get an idea of how to get started.
Is the ratio by mass or by volume?
What else can I use to introduce bacteria? I’m vegan so I don’t want any animal products or byproducts introduced as I’m against consuming them or using them in any way?
Urban hippies are hilarious
Can you use an iron bin?
Can someone advise whether it is better to use a compost bin or just a hole in the ground? I’ve received different advice; bins ultimately seem to protect against unwanted visitors (rodents) where there is a lot of food waste, but also cost money for what is ultimately a relatively small space for composting
0:26 mate you live in Grove Street
HOW TO MAKE COMPOST 1 DAY  https://msg3organic.co.id/how-to-make-compost-1-day/
if you have pets that dont eat meat at all there poo is compostable (ex bunnies, horses, cows, goats, sheep)
Its fairly cold out where I live and I just have a pile with two sides and no cover. Is it not going to work?
Can you do it wrong? I started one a few months ago but didnt put holes in the bottom. Its soupy now. I'm thinking I'll use a different can with holes and just add some brown to the new can with holes and then dump the soup in the new can and proceed.
My Huskies are on raw food diets, which means their feces are loaded with bacteria. Would this be a viable option to compost?
Do we need to water it everyday?
Genius!
Although informative,  I could hardly hear the explanations and most of the dialogue was very fast.  Could you redo but speak slower and clearly.  Thanks.
will There be worms in it?
Isn’t he the gamer guy that plays with vanoss? I honestly feel super bad I don’t know his name but I know the voice.
I have horse manure will that work
1:41
nice tips
Hi, I’m very much interested in making a compost bin.I’m going to follow your technique and make one! Can i use fresh cow dung/manure??
Wow great compost.tq bro
Thanks for your time guys. What a sensational video. I'm actually off to Bunnings to buy a compost bin.
Can you continually add food to your compost? Or no since some will already be broken down and then adding new food would mess it up?
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Awesome video! The photo of you guys at the end is really cute!
I'm curious on pet waste. We have 2 pet skunks that eat only eat veggies and fruits. Is that still not ok?
Great video! Thanks
Thanks for the video!  We'll see how it goes :)
Informative and very simple, concerning the water leekage just put a shallow bowl underneath the bin to keep the water which is precious for having nice microbes and minerals and reuse it again and again 💖
Nice video thank you. Just a quick question- grandma's bin does not appear to have any holes. How does it get aerated?
I love. your. how u make it look so easy i. try it a month ago an it not going that well but i will try it again with the bin this time thanks
Most accurate video for compost tutorial. Thank you.❤️
Can we compost in winters?
Don't attempt to compost anything that's been cooked, either. Doing so is likely to attract rats.
We use rabbit faeces, just because they have nutrient rich stools that are really good for plants even by themselves as they eat browns and greens. My rabbit does her business in a litter box so it's easy for me to use in in composting.
this was a great explanation! the only missing component that im really stuck on is when you said "you dont want too much water or too little water", you didnt explain how you know what is the right amount. And Im just starting to compost so I hope someone can fill in those blanks for me! i dont want to do it wrong!
Who else recognized CJ house :D
Hello! Great video , I couldn't understand when you said about the liquid fertilizer,  do you have a video about that?? Thank you!
I do the same, but, I pot inbetween the old soil I used for planting and keep it for two or three months and the soil will be ready for planting again.
It's good to know there are people who aren't destroying our planet. God Bless!
I watched this video a million times, I don’t know why I love it so much ♥️
Oh god, first it was cow farts now it’s methane from food waste in landfills 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
Cheers, thanks 🙂
1:25
You see that folks? Hippies DO contribute to society!!
Does grass clippings from my lawnmower count as “browns”?
My compost bin at the bottom is leaking and it happens twice. I think it's because of heat
Really good wow
Should the manure specifically be cow manure
I have been wanting to make a compost for a while to reduce the waste we put out in the trash can.  I'm glad I stumbled upon y'alls short and sweet video.  In about 10 minutes, I drilled holes in an extra plastic bin, lined I with dried palm leaves, put some soil, old plants (not plants with fungus) and old veggies and eggshells!  I topped it with some extra top soil I had and a few more palm leaves! I'm hoping for the best!   Thanks for your help!
Thanks
How long does the food scrapes stay in thr pvc?   How long of a period can a compost pile stand before using in the garden? I'm in north Florida,  so the garden 30' x 30' dems is planted late march.
I have access to cow manure and horse manure,  can both be used?
Awesome! Thank you both of you for making this video
Thanks
This is great I need this so much check my channel
Just what I have been looking for! Thank you!!
Love it, thank you. I really like the drawing..cute and great talent.
I loved this video, so informational and visually aided. The cat tax to go with it!
Great video and Info... Thanks for sharing!!!
I'm doing a kitchen compost, to start a garden next fall.
Best compost is almost black
I have fun running my kitchen scraps through a blender before I spread them on my browns. It seems to keep some of the insect activity down (also cover with browns). AND, seems to process faster, as, I guess, it renders it super-ready for breakdown. Whatever-it sure is fun to get yummy composty stuff for mixing with potting soil for container planting toemaytoes and peppers.
Chuck it in the ground. Let the worms do work. Don't even need to worry about browns if you cover it with soil. Bones and meat will also be gone
yes! this is exactly what i needed i barely even knew the definition of the compost and everytime i look it up i get overwhelmed this was perfect!
This was extremely helpful. Thank you!
Thank you so much. Lots of good information. I will be starting a bin soon and needed this. 👍
Very inspired now will be starting a compost bin
should i be turning my compost pile as soon as i make it? should it keep the structure that i laid it down in?
carbon has a good carbon content
Good sharing
Dunno how I went from battle rap to this but cool
Dont composte paper cos ist suger is celulose and it can disolve in water and it has bleach soo ..
Why shouldn't you use pet feces in a compost pile? Im new to this, but I've been using my rabbit and chicken waste..... my garden is growing extremely fast although I was told I was late planting my corn, it came up just after 1 week.
Methane in a landfill isn't exactly a bad thing. Methane is a fuel source. Modern landfills tunnel its methane through layers of clay and uses it as a power source for the nearby area. With that said, composting does offer economic benefits especially if you enjoy gardening.
Brilliant, thanks guys!
5:24 the land down under
Hi, I didn't comment when I first saw this, but I've enjoyed it and shared it in the intervening months.  I'm saddened you're deleting your channel, so I just wanted to come back here and say thank you, and our compost pile is doing great! 🥰
Will the earthworms work as the replacement for cow poop?
Great video. Easy to follow. Thanks!
instead of wasting burlap sack, just dont dump 3 gallons of water on your compost.
With manure can it be alpaca manure?
1:41 - Just for that split second, I thought you were drawing something else...
Why can't you put meat scraps and bones?
I have rabbits who eat a plant base diet,could I use their manure in my compost ?
Great information as I’m starting my own compost bin soon.
Awww!  Pretty kitty!  Thank you for this video.  They should teach these things in school.
I like how this video has a 90's - 00's vibe  Great video by the way!!
how much water do you put in it
Did his grandmother's bin (where they put things when they don't have space in the PVC pipes) have holes at the bottom at all?
plz make more vids
cool vid
thank you guys so much for this video! its amazing!!
1:41 "But you should not..." + the start of your drawing + my neaderthal brain = "...throw dicks on the compost."
What about acorns? Can you use that as the "browns"? Because I have to many
thank you guys for this vid..from philippines
methane is 100X that of CO2??  Exaggerate much?  17-22%  Science bitches!
My project starts this week. Thank you for everything. Love and support  from Canada
I was try it...I like organik vegetables...
What a mess you got there, but thanks anyway, at least now I know what needs to be done and how to be careful.
Ashes have a VERY LOW carbon content, just a high mineral content. Don't use this in your compost...
This was very helpful. Thank you!
5 years ago, when i moved into this house. i had used a metal trashbin to store my dogs poop, then i would top it off with a layer of dirt thick enough to cover the smell. well, 5 years later, i needed dirt, so i used the entire contents of the trash can for dirt. in fact, the whole content was composted. i fed my dog beneful food or purina. i had placed a pink westeria into the can and man it took off. it is thriving big time. so, i just said that cuz u said not to use animal waste. dyk, in n korea, they use animal waste from dogs and cats and Humans for composting.
I appreciate the tutorial and just learnt that the holes at the top of my bin just might not be enough! I need to drill the bottom too. Also, can you make a video on how to take care of cooked waste? A cooked food compost too? If so, how will it me maintained.
When the water runs out you are leaching the nutrients out of the compost
Thanks for the video. It helps me a lot
is it ok to add guinea pig droppings to compost since all they eat is grass also can you add grass for the browns
You could of done this vid in half the time
You are a lovely couple. Thanks for sharing your dream with the world
I just dump my kitchen compost in my planters or around my trees or bushes. If you can mix it below soil in an annual grow bed, that's great but just dumping around perennials will feed them sooner or later. Grab a little grass after mowing to cover it. Add dead leaves in the fall.   I don't buy mulch. The bio mass here is all I need. Comfrey tea is something that everyone should look into.
Hello friends  ! !  !   ... i discover your channel today and i subscribed  ! ! ! ! Thanks for this compost advices  ! ! !  ! Hello from FRANCE  ! ! ! ! 🌳☘🌿🌴🌱🍀🌲🌳☘🌿
Why don’t you wear shoes? Is this an American thing?
Hippies to the core!!!
Valuable video!
amazing , keep doing more nice videos guys ..
Great Video.  I don't have a yard, but have been trying to figure out how to re-cycle my kitchen scraps.  This was very helpful.
Great video to start
what size holes should I make them
World's dryest inhabited continent, pours enough water to create own lake. In the name of preventing waste.  Translation  Trash can  -  Rubbish bin.  Burlap - Hessian. Compoooost - compost The sanctimonious attitude and incorrect information is a little hard to cop.  Tell us your having a go, invite us along on the journey, but don't claim expertise when you don't actually have it.
Very informative. Thank you!
So obviously I am here to learn how to compost, why spend the first minute reprimanding me?
You guys nailed this! Thank you soooo much!
Great video. I never would've thought about thunde PVC pipe, thanks for that gem.
Aussies trying to sound like Americans.......
you could had just put let water
You can compost meat, but the problem is that it will start to smell and attract flies and maggots (as well as neighbourhoods cats and dogs possibly). It also slows down the composting process. You can use a bokashi bin to preprocess all left-overs including meat, fish and dairy.
I do composting u don't need to put water that much springle only I dint put water on mine the rain does that for,me
Great video, thanks for sharing.
Shit! I put bones and spoiled rice and meat in my compost.. i’m done!
200th comment
I've seen people use pet/animal manure in their compost, but they have a caveat.  Use manure from herbivores only, not from carnivores.  They also use chicken poo, but I'm not sure chickens are strictly herbivores as they eat bugs, but bugs aren't exactly meat.  👍
I just came here because I want to grow a great garden.
A lot of literature out there says use a ratio of 2 parts greens (nitrogen) to 1 part brown (carbon) as opposed to your 1:2/1:3 green to brown. Greens or food scraps already have carbon in them. According to them, the ideal Carbon:Nitrogen ratio is 30:1 or 25:1. This is not to be misunderstood as 30 bucket of browns to 1 bucket of greens but by the concentration of C:N in the compost mix. So 2:1 Greens to Browns is recommended.  If we were to follow your given ratio, browns would take up more space in the compost bin rather than food scraps which is why we are doing this in the first place and it goes against the point of managing food waste efficiently.
duuuuuuuuuuuuuddeeeeee, you just stepped on the water wit he cow manure.....
This is the best video ever. Thanks a lot to teach us how to make this compost. I love it. Quick question you use the solid and liquid as fertilezer?
Great video thank you!
Thank you many times
Can I please use a small segment of footage for my production?
cows in America don't eat grass, they eat corn.
much love
do you need sunshine for the compost or just close the bin?
This is the best composting video i've ever seen
What a minute I can compost paper towels??
alltough this video is very informative, you do not need all the greens and browns etc. We are a Family of four and have a compost bin of about 1cubic meter for like 3 years , in wich we throw the unedible fruits from our garden and nearly all our biologic kitchen waste, except sour things and things that have already been cooked/heated , as these do not compost that easy. And even with us throwing biologic waste in there every 2-3 days (a whole thrash can) it composts very fast and we always have a good amount of fresh composted soil. Please Note: I do not say that the tipps given in this video are bad or anything like that as some are very usefull (Mixing it to help the air get in) , all i say is that you do not need to do all this just to get some compost.
can i only use cardboard and used toilet paper with produce leftover?
"Your landlord won't know any better." I love that. I do have a question, I saw you had some paper shreds in there, and in another video someone suggested toilet paper rolls, those things are okay even though they probably have been processed with chemicals like dyes, inks, adhesives, etc?
We got a free compost bin from eBay. And we compost are Guinea pigs soiled sawdust and poo because the only eat grass fruit and veg
start a gofundme for alex to get some shoes fam
ur trash looks disgusting like if u agree
So Im totally starting a compost bin but still have lots to learn. This video was very informative so thank you, but I was wondering.. I’m living in PA and wanted to start a compost pile for a vegetable garden for next spring. Is it too soon to start that? We have crappy winters and the compost bin would be outside, is that okay? What would you recommend ? If any of this makes sense lol
This was awesome guys thank you .  Peace love and light
thank you I'm just a kid but this could really help me
Carbon Dioxide is PLANT FOOD...
You're doing this wrong always put your compost on top of dirt (Not over cement)
This is amazing
can u put horse poop?
can you put bread?
thanks for the great video! how many months does it usually take until the compost is ready to use?
damn that girl is really pretty
I start using kitchen waste and shredded paper and some garden waste to make compost but after 3-4 days I saw lot of big flies and fruit flies there so I covered it with plastic cover, after that no flies was there but now I saw there lot of black larvae.   What I did wrong and what should I do now ? Should I throw it ?
good tips
good video
3:58 *oh look, the hippies are buying fertilizer LOL*
I teach a 1st grade class. And we have a little garden space. I like the grandma's compost idea. Any tips that we can use to start our own class compost projects?
Can i throw in a pets poo if my pet is a rabbit?
There were some at the end that I've never heard of! Like the tube directly in the garden and the idea of putting a spout on the bottom of the compost bin instead of just letting it drain out of a hole into a container under it.
Guys try a vermicompost bin, it’s a lot easier and you don’t have to turn it.
Yall are cute together. Great info too.
Good video! But my concern is the material of the bins... they all seem to be made of plastic no?
Could you add onion and garlic peels
Wow..youre an awesome  artist
3:28 Jesus Christ I literally thought the guy was demonstrating this without any pants, thanks a lot exposures
Hi! What can I substitute for a burlap sack since I don’t have one of those readily available?
Oh... Hi kitty cat
First you guys said no animal manure but then you add cow manure but you said it was okay to add a little bit because they eat grass. I have three guinea pigs they only eat veggies grass you know nature like cows. Is it okay to add guinea pig poo? And second, I swear I saw two slices of bread go into that compost you were making for your mom. Is that what I saw?
Starts at 2:41
Nice job 👌
Hey!  How did one of my 14 stray cats find its way into you video? Dang!   Those miniature lions are taking over. . .  Wonder why USA Homeland Security didn't stop him/her at the "border" ?  They be slacking.  Thanks for the "compost vid". It's really great to explore other methods and paths to the same goal.  As we say here in the Southern USA, "you guys got some good ideas . . . . "
you guys work well together. i do enjoy seeing couples doing these videos together. my husband isn't into the dirt and composting like i am and i am fine doing it alone but i do enjoy it when he's with me harvesting some of our crops. i am in the city and my yard is shared by those who don't have the appreciation of being clean so i am not sure i am going on with my cropping at this address.  keep up the good work and thanks for sharing so much i haven't heard of.
slugs talking, it was help but about fell asleep
thx 4 the video i did my compost bin last year  but its still wet and smells i do turn it around with big garden folk but the bin is very big so cant get at the bottom of it wld should i do? i should of had the compost made by now.
so helpful, thank you!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=G_z8RLG8MKc
Can anyone explain how water and wood ash makes lye but is also good for a compost. I don't get it.
Great to not wearing shoes and super to leave  beside the walls .   Hello
Good one hippies.
Thank you👌👌👌
can you substitute the ash for something else?  I don't have that readily available
We throw away so much produce in our house cuz we try to eat healthy but we are all really busy so sometimes we forget to eat things before they go bad. I want to start a garden this year and really love the idea of using food waste to help them grow. Thanks for all the tips👌🏽
Use worms for food scraps it’s more efficient and castings are better than regular compost...all the best
thanks guys for the tips!
The cat shot was super important for this video, thank you, I appreciated it 💜💚
Its wast a good prestesion .. Your video was great... and not boring like another planting video ..
thankyou thankyou thankyou for uploading this
hippies.
Wow good
👍
Thanks
What's your obsessions with cow poop??
As I was watching and learning, it struck me that the two of you enjoy each other a great deal. Congrats on that, it's rarer than you may think. There may be a problem with this new format however. People - in general - don't enjoy watching others in love. We just don't. Do you? No really do you? May I suggest doing individual videos. There are couples living off grid that do their thing and then later in the same vlog the other will pick up the story by themselves. In that way I, or we, don't try to watch a love-in for 10 minutes. 'No offense intended' I have watched this young lady since her dad help get the old van together.  One more thing and then I'm done. We as a people have been raised to hate learning. It's by design. You both know that and that is why you together have chose to take on the world. We - the world - just want to enjoy ourselves. After an arduous schooling, where we learned to hate learning. Do some fun stuff, if you can. Please! Shit, - I probably shouldn't have said anything.  But, I want you guys to succeed, and this vlog has been here 5 days with no posts.0ihuty5tq` That was my cat walking across my keyboard. be happy.
