YOU ARE SO COOL This was my first time working with small yarn and small needles, and my first time knitting, you explained it so good I did my first round pretty quickly, thank you! ❤
How do you cast on so that you keeping the loose end in the same place as the working yarn at the end of your first row? Mine are always at opoosite ends. Does it matter? Yes lovely video but I am still confused.....
How are we doing a stitch marker? Hook one into the literal stitch instead of on the needle?
Excuse me, but I use a 16 inch circular needle to make hats and I don’t have a problem completing them
i just started knitting and i’m sooo excited to tackle DPNs!
I’m using your video to learn how to use DPNs, as I’ve knitted (with low success) and then I learned crochet, so when I crochet they say I use it like knitting needles, but these. This intimidates me. I’m trying to learn so I can make my dog a sweater.
Been a knitter fir a long time but never tried dpn because it seemed complicated and fiddly. But after watching your video I can do it!
Ohkie so I am a crocheter who is new to knitting and the irony I want to try this 😂😂😂😂😂😂 although I am pretty sure I am gonna have a headache figuring out what's going on
I was reading a book about different patterns and and it said; if using 2 needle do X and if using 4 needles do y.  I was like what sort of 2050 crap is this haha.  This video made it a lot more clear for me thank you
I’m watching on a tiny phone screen - for a sec I thought the buses said “CryBus” and I was like, yep, I’m definitely going to be crying when I try this. 😂 But seriously, your tutorials are next level amazing and always give me the confidence to try new techniques. THANK YOU! ❤
I’m working on a pattern and it calls for DPN  (K1 RND)   Inc rnd: * (K 1 YO ) 4 times,  Can you show me how to do the second one net yarn over?
What happens to that gap created when one joins the round? Does it go away on knitting more rounds? Or can I do something to reduce that?
Thank you!
Yooo, 8 years and still a super helpful video. Thanks for this, it made dpn's significantly less intimidating!
I am completely intimidated by the DPNS, having only worked on circulars before but hey, I hate the magic loop enough to actually give this a try :D.
That's a thing I understand now! Thank you!!
As somone who usually knits in the round and then casts on one extra stitch than the pattern calls for, then passes the first stitch over the extra stitch, do you not do this when using DPN?
An older video for sure. And extremely helpful for English stitchers. Continental is a little different, I’m sure they could figure it out. Personally I had to figure out how to purl my first round because that is what the pattern called for.
They usually frown against being naked with needles on the bus.
This is so helpful! Now can you make a knit fingerless mitt using just four needles rather than five? I find the triangle more comforting to the hands and I don’t know how to convert. Thank you.
Thank you so much, I finally learned how to use DPNs for circular knitting :)
Excellent explanation! The bus analogy is perfect! ❤
I don't understand how you have cast on with the tail and working yarn at the same end?
How would you begin when knitting continental?
Great but background music is distracting
Hi, do I have to join it in the round like how I usually do with a circular needle?
❤❤❤
Extremely helpful and clear! Thank you!! I’m excited to knit a newborn hat for my friend! :)
Hello Is there any way you can give me contact with Maureen-Miller-DeLisle/her email address is fine, or can send mine if reqd?
You go through this too fast and it is very hard to see what you are doing!
I found your channel after 8 tries to begin the knitting rounds. I had the working yarn in my left hand. I was all twisted up. After following your video I finally got it on the 1st try . The bus  bus routes was a good visualization. 😊
is it normal to knit inside-out with the DPNs? I followed your instrictions to the letter but to no avail
How do you cast on and end up with the tail and the line connecting to the ball at the same end? Is it a long tail cast on? I'm sorry, I am new to this and have no idea but it doesn't match any of the cast on methods I have learned so far 🙏🥺
well there was a little bit of unpleasant language getting started but so far it seems to be going well. My first ever crack at this and I'd rather like to make a pair of socks. So fingers crossed I can keep at it!
Love your tutorials!  Have watched, enjoyed, and learned from several of them.  Thanks again.❤😊
Love your tutorials!  Have watched, enjoyed, and learned from several of them.  Thanks again.❤😊
This is an excellent video for beginners!  Thanks for your clarity and good video taping!
Eveythings was clear up until 5:15... i cannot see what is happening at all. is the wrapped thread pulled down and through the actual next loop?
Judging by the comments, I think I may be the one person who looked at DPN knitting and thought, "well, that seems straight forward enough!" only to find _it is NOT straight forward enough,_ lol. I mean, I understand how it works, but am far too neurologically clumsy to do this regularly. A good tutorial, nonetheless! It would be far too much to ask for this to teach me how to grow a third hand, anyway.
CONGRATS FOR THIS VIDEO! nice, clear not too long or boring...even if a married male I'm trying to handle with crochet and knitting and thamks to your video you made want not only to take buses Lol but even to keep on  trying to lear this useful and relaxing art! greetings from Rome, Italy and have a great day!
Circular needles can be as small as 6 inches
At first I thought, buses?! But when you said “get off the first bus” it clicked! Thank you for this!!
this was very clear and easy to follow, thank you!!
Thank you 😊
Great instructions
It does take a bit to get the hang of it don't give up keep trying I have about 6 inches of work on my needles
aww hell yeah, i was sooo scared of dpns cause i thought i had to push the stitches onto different needles as i knit to keep it even and only work with 3, thank you so much im unstoppable now🤑🤑🤑
I've never heard of bus versus train. That was so helpful. I'm eager to try again with socks. Thanks.
This is my first time knitting a beanie and I am following your tutorial on the "Life Aquatic" beanie (adult) and ready to get to the DPNs.  Yes I am nervous.  One thing I'd like to mention is after dividing the stitches into grps of 3 and getting the needles into the triangle is to make sure the stitches are not twisted (like when you are joining in the round with just two needles.  Anyway, thank you for all your great help and I am going to practice the video a few times before I start in on the beanie! Fingers (or should I say needles lol) crossed for success!
How on earth do you manage to cast on so that your ‘tail’ and working yarn end up in the same place????? I’ve tried every which way to achieve this and I can’t, is that important?
Can you able to talk about magic loop? Is it true that if I use magic loop then I don't need to get dpn...? I want to not get more tools unless I really need to, just a beginner who wants to knit socks
I want to learn knitting and i was so confused about all the different needles, you have demystified everything for me!! Thank you!!
Excellent video❤
this was so clear!! Thank you so much for this wonderful tutorial
This is my first time knitting with 3 to for needles. At first I was having a difficult time to understand. Once I listened again and again. I found it easy to understand. Thank you so much and it proud to learn and understand! Thank you so much ❤
I love this person’s attention to details but in a very easy to understand way And she is humorous!
I’ve been knitting for 50 plus years and always feared dpns. I so wanted to make a Parlor Cat for a friend and now I believe I have the confidence to give it a try. I already have my stitches cast on on 3 needles. Thank You so much for your clear and positive video!
This is such an incredible tutorial thank you so much!! You are an excellent teacher!
This is super helpful. I really like the bus analogy.
They do make 9" circulars now! Thanks for the video!
Loving the angolgy of trains and buses. Really really instructions and you've taken away the fear of double point needles for me
I’m one of those lunatics who adores the tiny circs, but I finally met a project I can’t use them on soooo here I am 😂
Yours was one of the BEST tutorials on DPNs that I've ever seen. I've always been intimidated by those little devils..but you have TOTALLY given me the confidence to start using them.  My granddaughter wants me to knit hats for her cats..and the two books that I found with patterns all use DPNs..but now I know I can do it. My granddaughter will be ecstatic.  Not sure how the kittty kids are going to feel!!!!  LOL
Thank you for this very good video.  I have tried before and failed.  This time I am able to follow along and knit with DPNs.
Love your videos they make learning how to knit much easier thank you!
love how your nail polish complements the knitting project! :) Thanks!
Sooooo helpful, thank you!!
Why didn't you, instead of transferring your stitches just continue knitting?  I could have understood if you had initially used a non double pointed needle, but as the initial stitches were already on a double pointed needle you added an extra step.
Im a newbie to this knitting in the round ! Thank you for this cute explaination 😊
Another question if the pattern calls for a double pointed needles and I want to use the magic loop instead do I have to make any adjustments or do I just switch to that method?
So I’m doing a hat in DK way. It looks complicated but I want to go do something more challenging and it says double pointed needles. The regular needles are 3.5 mm do I get the double pointed needles in the same size how do you know what size that was the question sorry.
WOW WHAT AN EXCELLENT VIDEO FOR ME THE BEGINNER
So you are explaining on a very very basic level… “like a bus” and then you speed up through actual knittting… I am yet to find a knitting video that explains things to beginners properly…
I've been putting off using DPNs for years, just getting away with magic loop the whole time.  Currently knitting a tiny treasure bag and magic loop just kept leaving a ladder down the side so finally gave in and tried to teach myself DPN method.  After watching three videos I'd nearly decided to give up and then fell upon your tutorial which was amazing!  Now I finally understand how it works.  Thank you so much!  Just one question.  If the pattern requires to knit two together (K2tog) and the two stitches happen to be divided between two needles, how do I get around this?
What an amazing video ... NEVER done this and it sounded SO daunting but you have made it look do-able !!  Here's to trying out DPNs ♥
Thank you for this video 🙏
As others have said, your explanation is the clearest I've found. Thank you.
This is so helpful! Thank you!!
My goodness thank you ao much for such a simple and nice explanation, it made it so much easier to understand! And a nice cozy video too.
I'd like to learn how to purl on double pointed needles. Your video on knitting on double pointed needles was excellent.
Brilliant teaching - thank you 😘
THANK YOU. This video finally made sense!
Ohhhhhh my goodness!!!!  I was traumatized by DPNs for YEARS! Thank you for your instructions and the awesome analogy. I am on my journey to learn socks! whoop, whoop!! <3
More of this yes? ❤
Fabulous video!! Thank you!!
Thank you thank you thank you!  This was soooooooo helpful!❤❤❤
Fay Bypass
Thank you for this - attempting my first hat. Is there a video where you discuss which way your work faces when knitting in the round? I found when I switched to DPNs my knits came out as pearls and vice-versa, so I'm wondering how to check that when I'm knitting in the round, I haven't accidentally turned the "tube" of knitting inside out at some point?
Hi, this video is amazing. I was searching for hours until i found this! Thank you so much for the analogy, it really simplified the mental load! I am terrified of doing socks, this is my first time, and your tecnique is very easy to folllow. Thank you once again! <3
I haven’t used double pointed needles in probably 15 yrs (I learned when I was a teenager) and I really wanna make a baby hat so I’m gonna try to learn again!
PLEASE  Continue 😂😂❤ , keep it Simple . 4 POINT  Beginners  in 4  point  knitting  . W/ knitting  knowledge 😅knowledge 😂❤
Im 80 I have knitted for myself, children and grandchildren abdc7 frt grandchildren  but tried 4 needles, recently we started to do hats for boxes for Christmas and I thought hey ho let's try 4 needles, you have a gift in easy way of explaining,  well done
This is such  an awesome video! Your instructions are so clear and concise, and you have amazing energy. Thank you for your help!
❤ thank you! Great tutorial ❤❤❤
It's definitely not as complicated and frustrating as using circular need😢les!!! However, if you're knitting a beanie hat and you need to keep count of the rounds, especially for the decrease, how does that work?
Can you do a video on how to knit/purl to get the ribbing on the top of the sock? Having such a hard time getting the hang of purling because I knit continental style ugh so frustrating
Thank you 🙏🙏 you saved me
Thanks to you i can now do this easily
Thanks. I had way too much going on lol. I had all five needles in play and was in a proper tangle dropping stitches and cussing like a sailor. This was very helpful.
Was litsrally so confused about what was the point, no pun intended, of these needles. I made bottoms for them w duct tape😂
Thank you.Your explanation was easy to understand.I’ve been knitting for ages and missed out on using dpns.🤗
I've always gotten so confused about using multiple needles but this tutorial is so easy to learn. Also can I use a crochet hook of the same size if I don't have a 4th needle for my working "naked" needle?
Thank you!!
Do u have a video where to get to the heal and toe part on dpn how to end it
Thank you for your videos; they are the best!  I am a raw beginner, and you have helped me tremendously with your many videos!  I’m not ready yet to tackle the pattern an acquaintance gave me for a hat using DPNs, but your instructions are so clear that once I’m comfortable with my tension, I’ll dive into the hat. 😊
Is thier a video on how to do the toe and the heel on double pointed kneedles
I think I might like dpn better the the round circular kneedles I have so much trouble with the circular kneedles for socks
The smallest are actually 7 inch I believe. I’m trying right now 9 inch. But I still love my dpns.💕
Thanks for your video, I finally get it now! It was hard (though easier than the magic loop thing with cables), but after a few rows / as the stitches got a little looser it went better and better. Which got me thinking. Next time, I'm going to knit the first few rows with regular needles and *then* transfer the stitches to the headless ones. I can stitch the little split this will leave together when I tie off the threads.
Excellent. You are an excellent resource for a beginner, just sayin'. -)
Excellent explanation. I have to finish a hat in the round and it’s either these or magic loop! I can’t deal with magic loop at all! Still difficult but I’m going to try and master DPNs.
This looks very  logical and something that can be mastered easily enough with patience and practice.....however, I knit the continental way with yarn on my left fingers. Is it very difficult to master with C. knitting or do I need to learn the English way first? Thank you.
Let it be noted that I’m only putting myself through this torture bc I want to knit socks but oh my gosh this is terrible the needles are all in my way😭
I knitted a cuff and 4” of the glove. Due to a dropped stitch I had to take it all apart. Thanks to you   It was easy. Thank you. Great website.
This was such a concise and helpful video. Thank you!
Thank you for this wonderful video.  Your technique is crystal clear and easy to understand.   Very excited by the prospect of making my sweet doggie T.J. a doggie hat; and after watching your video a few times I have the confidence to go for it.
Oh my goodness! Thank you for explaining this so clearly!!!
The iconic got squashed in the grass? And the solar flare became 2 pointed needle graves 😭 Split by stray theories koda whale nose mountain in the middle to separating the right to made the needle grave on the left on the I think it was s till the white Don girl nose when it changed I never looked so I don't know 😭
no matter how many times i pause rewatch all I got was ' was that a half slip knot thing?' then fast forward the tail and the front part connected are on the same side.
how did you get your end tail piece and the part connected to the ball?
I have also been knitting for 50 years and never used double pointed needles. Your video was informative and easy to follow. I made a swatch and struggled along until I was comfortable holding all the needles and tightening things up between needles. I then picked up the stitches on my sweater sleeve and knitted like a pro. YOU HAVE A GIFT FOR EXPLAINING. You got a thumbs up and a subscriber in me.
Thank you for such a clear teaching. I am so excited to start socks soon
I really appreciate your clear instructions - visual and spoken - and how well-done your subtitles are. Your channel and website has quickly become my one-stop-shop for learning to knit.
the bus analogy is so CUTE!!!!
Crystal clear directions. Thank you very much.
I LOVE your videos! So helpful and easy to understand. Thank you so much!!
Thank you for such a wonderful explanation
amazing! your analogies are spot on, camera and lighting depict exaclty what to do with what and how; absolute beginner (or rather minus even that since i never did any knitting before) but adamant to present my lived ones with self knit socks this christmas and SO SO SO grateful for your video because otherwise it woulddn't have been possible to even start 😂😂😂 thanks a lot ❤❤❤
This was so helpful. I’m just knitting my first pair of socks. Thanks for sharing.! 👍🧶🧦
Thank you so much!
how did you get your long tail and ball of yarn on the same needle?
I am eager to learn using this type of needles 😊
This video and your explanation of train vs buses made it click for me!! Thank you for making this tutorial!!!
What a fantastic video! So easy. Thanks so much. You are a good teacher.
Thank you for this, your way of explaining has been the closest to making knitting in the round make sense so far. Definitely saving this for when I get my supplies unpacked 😅
Loved it. Thanks
What to do on every corner of every needle when my knots get looser automatically? I tend to have tighter handwriting, so it bothers me that every end of a needle has 1 loosened knot. How do I fix it?
My first go at knitting in the round and didn’t have access to my “teacher” because it was late @ night and I REALLY wanted to finish this project. Found this video and followed it through to the end! Thanks Davina! You’ve come through once again! ❤
The “working yarn is always on your right” saved me! It helps to orientate you 🙏
I would like to thank you ! I have pattern for dog coat where instructions are not so good, I had to pick up stitches around leg openings with pointed needles, your explanation was so simple even I could understand 😂
This is the most amazing knitting tutorial - you are so creative and precise.  Thank you!
After finding a circular shawl pattern using 4twin pointed needles, I decided to give it a go, only 10 stitches ie, 3, 3, 4. Well I have tried, tried and it does not seem to work, any ideas please.
Seems a bit tricky, but not that hard. Much less intimidating now. Thank you!
Well I'll be darned! You need a fourth needle! Hahahaha! I got my needles at a charity shop. I thought I only needle three duh….. Thanks for the easy tutorial.
I love your analogy!
This is a great tutorial! I was wondering if you had any simple projects for someone just starting to work with dpns.  Thanks
By far the best demonstration. Thanks
Can you divide by 4 needles instead of 3?
Oh my goodness,  again you have done it. Love learning from you. Thank you😊 I am attempting a pair of socks. Do I co the same way? A little nervous
This is probably the fifth time that I've come back to this video... Every time I make a mistake and get lost in my DPNs, I rewatch this and it makes sense again 😊 Thank you so much for this clear and accessible tutorial!
Thank you for teaching me how to knit on DPNs! It’s my first time doing it and I’m getting the hang of it after my first or second row while I keep thinking of the bus analogy as I go lol. They always intimidated me but I’m determined to learn now that I have the help of YouTubers like you!
At first I thought that my brain was going to jump out of my skull! I've tried several times since I started knitting again after so many years that I should get the hang of knitting in the round. Every time I looked at a YouTube video the Instructor was using the German method of knitting which is really confusing for me as I've never really tried to knot that way and also its the pits for teaching because you can't get a good view of the hands and the grasp is completely different in my humble opinion. Sooooo this morning I took it upon myself to start learning how this thing is done. Well, your video and the bus and the train analogy worked for me! My first try was a disaster! I had all these pointy things sticking out and I tried to see where there was a logic and I just couldn't find it!   Just before leaving for Mass, I cast on and left the triangle carefully laid out on the desk so that could mix it up. Then I put on your instruction and slowly began. the first round was traumatic! But I thought we're not going for BEAUTY here just a normal untwisted knit in the round. Have you noticed that the first round looks like it could be twisted? ( Especially if you have the beginnings of a huge ladder?) Your Tip to pull the working yarn tightly for the first stitch is the key to that ! Suddenly after row three the whole thing mad sense. So I going to use knit until I'm comfortable, then on to purling and then.... a sock! Even if it doesn't fit it's a sock, right? Thanks Davina! You're a wonderful teacher.!
Morning, I have a sweater with a hole in the elbow, Do you have a YouTube video showing me how to mend this hole for a beginner?
As a crocheter trying to learn to knit, this is an excellent video!!  DPN's were so intimidating to me and now they're just little busses!  LOL. Thank you so much for this!
Your explanation and technique for dpns is the best I’ve seen. I have knitted for 50 yrs started with cables but was frightened to try dpns. You are my knitting guardian angel👼
Wow that's awesome thank you so much for that. I will give it a go now 😊
This has helped me so much, it was broken down so well that I finally understood what I was supposed to be doing.
I have so much trouble knitting socks on DPNs. I always get stuck at the instep. Picking up stitches snd then knitting from there. 😮  i just cant seem to get it.
Great video. Thank you.
My pattern went from right side out to wrong side out after an increase round.  It’s a very small ornament.  Can anyone help?
Excellent, I loved this training on the 3/4 needles… do you have a pattern for baby hats and mitts for beginners?
Can I use DPNS to knit larger projects? I really struggle with knitting in the round on round needles, but this seems like an easier way for my brain to understand
My fingers are destroyed.
7:37 such an evil laugh
Did 9” circulars not exist a few years back? I know I got some about ten years ago
👌👍
how did you get the working yarn and the tail on the same end of the needle? When I finish casting on my tail and my working yarn are on different ends of the needle.
absolutely amazing tutorial! I struggle with knitting and i am more comfortable with crochet but you made this complicated technique sound very easy!
watching but really get distracted by the background music, it puts me off
If you are using dpns to knit something in the round, you NEED 5 needles!!!! One to knit with, and 4 to hold the stitches! If you don't know how, don't try to teach anyone else!!!
Thank you for sharing this video on knitting with DPNs. I have not used DPNs in a long time!!
I’m a beginning knitter, just finished my first class. Made a sampler cowl with 5 stitches. I love it! I enjoy your videos so much! You explain so clearly and have answered so many of my questions. I love the bus analogy! I watch you all the time to learn from your experiences.
Thank you so much for teaching me how to knit on double pointed needles! I wanted to learn how to knit clothes, but I don't have the patience to make them full-sized so I got one of those little wooden mannequins that artists use to get proportions right, and I wanted to knit clothes for that but circular needles are to big, and I tried watching a different tutorial, but they didn't explain it as well as you did, so thank you!
Your tutorial was amazing. I have just started using DPNs because I wanted to make Knitted Knockers for women who have had mastectomies. I keep struggling how to start them and you are my life saver. A BIG THANK YOU. Because of you many woman will have smiles on their faces with my donations. ❤❤❤
Thanks 4 great explanation
I'm demented. First time using open-ended needles.  You make it seem so simple. Going to give it a try. Thanks for demonstration .   Pat.
Finally after years of knitting I able to knit with double pointed needles because of your simple, attractive and concise demonstration.  Nice to watch a tutorial that doesn't ramble.  Thank you!
I know how to use DPNs, but much grown up language ensues when I am forced o use them for a thumb or the last few stitches of a hat.   The one thing I hate most in knitting is getting anything started  on DPNs.  The principle is very basic and easy to understand. In practice, with the needles twisting and tangling with  each other  and the yarn  it never tales me fewer than 4 attempts to get a dpn project cast on and set up.  9" circulars were a total game changer for me.  I cast on once and I'm off to the races.  Most people (including myself) initially hold them too tightly and end up with hand cramps,   But once you adjust your hold on them they're  magic!
Great video. It was so  clear and helpful. Thank you!
What yarn are you using
This is so clear! Thank you for making this video! I love your energy as well.
I had no idea how to use my double-pointed needles until you showed me! I got stuck on the transfer to the second needle and lost some stitches... sad. But I am getting much better each day I practice!!
I've been avoiding DPN for years but this video was great to get me started! Getting started on a chunky-knit hat!
Great video style - no boring digital swirling introduction with music - just right to business..  Directions clear and well paced.  Thank you!!
Excellent tutorial!  Thank you for the wonderful instructions!😊
I looove your videos.  Do you have one about magic loop?
Very good explained with the logic 🚎🚍🚐 👍
Really good instructions.
Circular kneedles also come in 9". Called micro. I use them to knit tiny caps more comfortably for NICU babies. Available on Amazon. I used to use DPN's for these hats but it was miserable. Love the micro circulars.
Thank you!  That made it so simple.  I was terrified of using dpn’s! I had tried before & gave up, even after a live teacher taught me in class. Thank you, thank you, thank you!  Now I can make socks, stuffed animals & mittens for cold air conditioned rooms.
Best instructions ever you have inspired me to try items that require DP needles this year! Can you recommend a good starter set ?
This is my 2023 knitting resolution! Learn to knit on dpn’s and master a pair of socks! I REALLY feared I would have to know how to knit continental as I do not. So many videos the working yarn is on the left hand. I was overjoyed to see I could actually do this! I will need to purchase somewhat longer needles as all mine are 6 inch or less. Thank you so much for making this look and sound easy!
Im knitting half finger gloves on two needles but struggle to cast off open fingers
Too confusing for me…okay. I’m not going to try it….okay
Very helpful!
I love the way you describe things and find your videos really helpful. But the backround music on this one was really distracting.
At 71 and what I consider an accomplished knitter, I was never taught to use dpn's and therefore have always avoided any pattern that called for them to be used. But as they say "you're never too old to learn" decided to search, and here I am. As I wish to knit some small toys I was delighted that this demonstration used thin yarn and small mm needles instead of trying to learn from other videos with bulky yarn. I just could not figure out how to thin yarn would look on "the corners" as you go round (if that makes sense lol) I was afraid it wouldn't be smooth. But now I get it, thankyou. Can you tell me if bamboo, metal or other needles are best for small work using dpn's as I don't want to buy the wrong type, I have knitted with metal, plastic and resin needles but just wanted to know if some are better than others for small fiddly items. Thankyou
This was far more understandable for me than another video I watched. Thank you.
Brilliant! So clear and helpful. Thank you!
Thanks for the video! It was a great refresher for me. I'm an intermediate but I haven't knit for a few years, so I forget things.   To all BEGINNGERS here, please do a hat or mittens if it's your first time knitting with double-pointed needles. Don't try socks with tiny thread-sized yarn until you've done a winter hat (using thick yarn that's easier to see). When you use thick yarn, knots are so much easier to undo, and mistakes are easier to see and correct.  Hats are easier than mittens because with mittens you have to learn to separate the thumb from the other section of the hand. I haven't done socks yet because I know they'll take SUCH a long time, since the required yarn will be so tiny!
you’re an amazing teacher i never comment on anything but your videos are sooo helpful!!!
im having a breakdown cause of these
Thank you for posting this video. I went through a number of tutorials from different channels trying to learn this technique while knitting Christmas sweaters and yours was the one that made it click for me. Really appreciate you! Thanks again!
Might I suggest you go into further detail about the join and exactly how to avoid gaps? Each time you detail knitting the first stitch on the next needle, And moving thestitches to the middle, but only a single quick mention to tug the yarn.
This video is so helpful! Thank you so much❤❤
great instructions! thank you
Thank you soo much!
Very helpful, thanks! Now some of those sock knitting tutorials will seem less complicated, I'm sure 😄
These videos are great! Never knitted in the round before, looking to start and your instructions are soooo helpful. Had no idea there was a working needle involved - thought all the needles would have yarn all the time 🤯 Glad I watched this beforehand and didn’t just adopt my normal jump in with both feet approach! Thank you ❤
I think I may have made a horrendous mistake when choosing my next project. First time knitting with double pointed needles and I choose a hat pattern that's fingering weight yarn on 2mm needles. This'll be hell.
Thanks will be saving
You’re a GREAT teacher. Thanksgiving so much for this crash course!
In the UK dpns come in packs of 4, I'm a beginner and totally confused now when the pattern say stitches go over 4 needle's!
This is a phenomenal video! Well explained, Great pace, stellar yarn colour! Thank you for this!
Your videos are all I need to learn knitting, thank you for such a beautiful content 🥰
Excellent tutorial to make a difficult task a bit more…understandable. Thank you!
Excellent technique!  Your videos never fail to nail it.  Many thanks!
can you help with the disappearing loop cast on and transfer to double pointed needles for the top of a hat. It is really hard to increase with such a small number of stitches! Please help! I love your videos! Thank you!
Wow way too fast for me. Slow it down woman!
hi again - do you have a video of how to knit on a circular needle as well please?
I am not a beginner  but never tried 4 needles before.  However, i saw a hat in a store that was perfect except for the price!  so, here I am watching your video andI have to say, this is the BEST introduction video for any craft skill /i've ever learned, or indeed, taught (sewing).  Thank you for the clarity of your video and your fabulous analogy - always one of my favourite ways of learning.  Thanks
How do you do this in continental knitting? I need a tutorial for that.
This is a good, video...i always wondered how the heck you use those double ended needles...wow
Having taken public transportation for years, I love your bus analogy! Fortunately  ”transferring buses” in knitting is much easier than in real life! 😍
Great tutorial, I’m going to give a try, ty
Excellent tutorial for me a beginner,  thank you so much
What about rib? For socks
Thank you so much for this!! Was so helpful!
Hi my dpn come in a set of 4
this was amazingly helpful. your videos are making my learn to knit journey fun and fruitful instead of frustrating and fretful. tysm
i found a set of 9" circular knitting needles in size 8 at my local craft store and i couldn't believe they existed so i bought them just to have proof of them O-o
Easier join than doing the cast off stitch thing.
If you are a beginner this is the perfect video. Thank you!
I have knit with DPNs a long time ago and this video was helpful to me! Thank you.
I’ve been struggling with dpns. Your video has encouraged me to keep practicing. Thank you for sharing. 🥰
I HATE watching knitting tutorials cause they’re always long and drag on but this was very informative and the visuals kept me engaged and really helped me to understand this concept better!
What happens at the end????
Very clear explanation. Thank you!
Thank you so much. That was so easy to follow. Im on my way to knitting my first ever socks.
Omg that's like magic :)
How do I knit one then purl one for a small hat using double pointed needles.? Loved your demo.
HOw do you keep the needle from falling out of the stitches?  Even if I make the stitches so tight I can't get the needle into them, the needle falls out of the stitches and lands on the floor.
How do you keep the needles from sliding off?
How do you end up with tail end and working ball at both ends?  I cant make it out?
Does anyone know what yarn she’s using??? I find it mesmerizing idk
Great video! This is easier than I expected.
I FINALLY got it, thanks to this great video -thank you!!!
What length of dpns are the best? I'm trying to figure out what length to buy because I've never used them before so I don't know, from what I can tell there are 6" 5" and 4"
This is the only tutorial I could follow. Question, this ends up with the wrong side on the outside. Does that matter? Every other works right  side out but I can’t seem to grasp how to do that.
Fantastic Explanation and Tutorial!!!
Wow, thanks so much, great explanation.
fab thank you xxx
Great video. I had been trying on five needles but four looks easier as theres less needles to look after.
I have found 20cm (8 inch) circulars but even that is too large for socks
You are a fabulous teacher. Your descriptions (train, bus, naked needle) are incredibly helpful.  Thank you!
Great video, super helpful and easy to understand. Look forward to trying to knit some mittens. keep up the great work.
You make it look so easy, I will give it a try.  Thank you so much
Really clear instructions and well-filmed. Invaluable for beginners. Thank you!
Your explanation was excellent!
A good tutorial
Thanks you really made it look easy.  Will definitely run out and buy new needles. Can you tell me what polish you are wearing?  Love the color.
Thank you so much for clear instructions. I consider myself to be an intermediate to expert knitter. I have never worked on pointed needles and was determined to make infant mittens for my niece.  I got it 💓💃🏾💓
Oh jeez, I have been afraid to attempt this....I had no idea it was this easy! 😊 I am left handed and I was able to follow your video. Thank you so much for sharing!❤
Thank you for your tutorial. It really made it all make sense. Watching you knit was sort of mesmerizing, like watching a spider spin a web. I mean that in a good way. LOL. I haven't even started all the finger-work stuff. Blessings to you and yours. :)
Davina,  you're awesome!  As this pandemic drags on, I've enjoyed learning how to knit, and you have helped me conquer my fear of the dreaded double pointed needles!!
This was not as beginner friendly as I hoped, definitely need prior knowledge to follow this tutorial. Did not explain the slip knot or the stitches
That was amaaaazing , Thank you so much 👍
Great video. I’m not that intimidated anymore. Going to give it a go! Thank you! 👍🏻
This was so helpful and the analogies really helped my brain understand how the knitting worked!
Just tried my first attempt at DPN!   Thanks so much for this easy video which takes the scare out of using three needles!
Thank you so much for this tutorial!! I've been dreading trying DPNs because they look so complicated, but you explained everything so well and now I'm finally using them!
Thank you so much!! Your tutorials are always so helpful. I love the bus analogy!
this is a very clear tutorial, thank you!
Brilliant Bus Analogy!
You are a literal genius
I’ve only ever knitted things like scarfs or headbands on normal needles and after seeing my mum using dpns a couple days ago I want to try using them too bc they look interesting. Gonna try and hopefully make a hat or at least something akin to that😅 still excited to learn how to knit with them either way!
I’ve only ever knitted things like scarfs or headbands on normal needles and after seeing my mum using dpns a couple days ago I want to try using them too bc they look interesting. Gonna try and hopefully make a hat or at least something akin to that😅
I love doing magic loop all the time
Fun and very clear, thanks!😊
How did the tail and start get on the same needle?
i appreciate this so much
I definitely learned some from this video, but I want to point out that if you knit in the round like she is, your project will be inside out. Some patterns, it may not matter, but others it will. You should be knitting on the side closest to you, not furthest away. I learned this the hard way.
dont know if you’re still reading comments but THANK YOU SO MUCH OMGGGGG I’ve bought my first double pointed needles an hour ago and could just go along with your video omg you made it so easy to learn!!!
Wonderful tutorial!
Thank you! I want to make socks and just didn’t know how to use the dpns. I owe you a pair!
Yeah you’re a great instructor, 😊. My mum 87 yo needed a reminder. Was trying knitting in the round using loop needles. 🙄 Lol 😂 not going to happen keep it simple Ma, found your video. Hooray!!!! ❤️🙏🏼
this is completely awesome!! Thanks sooo much sooo much because we can knit our teeny meeny sweet knit animals and stuff from now on. We were always afraid of the scene of these dpn's but now they seem so logical and enjoyable to work with, thanks to you
Thank you so much! I have a hat that I need to transfer from circular needles to DPNs, and this video was so helpful. I am ready to tackle the next step.
Wow!!! Thank u soooo much.. that was the easy explanation and ur method of teaching was really good!! Now I m definitely gonna be on a sock knitting spree .
Excellent tutorial. I was avoiding double pointed needles and it's actually very simple. THANK YOU!
I’m kind of confused on how she got the two strings of yarn (the longtail and the one connected to the ball of yarn) in the exact same position. I’ve been going through this video over and over and I’m still getting the two strings in two different places. I’ve looked at other casting on videos and they end up with what I end up with….I don’t know if she has a weird way of casting on or not
How does your tail and ball end of the yarn end up in the same place?  02:16
Thank you! I’m an advanced beginner but I’ve never knitted in the round and I’m now getting frustrated by all the cool patterns knit in the round but my cables are all too long! As I didn’t know they had to be different sizes for different things. And so this is a great and informative alternative! Tysm
I loved this video. I want to learn how to hold my needles like you. It seems much easier than the way I hold them.
Super helpful! Don’t know why I was just trying to figure it out on my own! Thank you!
By the rule, We use four .Are you a bit out of touch ?
I am making a hat with a pompom, This is the first time I used dpns needles and now I also need to knit 2 purl 2 for the rim of the hat. Trying to figure out how to keep track of the rounds, need 16 of them and then change to a different size needle and different stitch. Any suggestions?
I've been knitting over 50 years and have always been intimidated by DPNs. Your video was so easy to follow I am now almost finished with my first pair of SEAMLESS mittens! Thank you for your clear and consise video.
Thank you for being so easy to understand
👍😊
Haha.  I love the train/bus analogy.  You make knitting fun.
Love the video. I am going to try sgain. Never understood the naked needle. Using the bus analogy makes me think of city buses. Sometimes the journey is so tedious you don't remember why you even wanted to be there to begin with.  The best thing I have  ever done with DPNs is make I cord. Something very satisfying about making cord. Regards
Wow I'm so glad to know this! I knitted my first sweater last winter and I ran out of time at the very last minute before I was giving it as a gift to look up how to actually knit in the round with straight (single point) needles for the neck. I somehow cobbled it together with 4 single points and constantly taking off stitches and switching them to a needle with the correct facing point-- it was a mess 😅 This makes way more sense!
Great tutorial. Started working with DPN straight away afterwards. So much easier than a circular needle that’s just a little too small for the project. Thanks!
A little bit confusing since I knit continental 🙁
Such a helpful tutorial, thank you! Also, what yarn are you using, it’s gorgeous!!
After watching your video, I am successful with using DPNs to complete the knit stitch in the round.  However, when I try to change needles using a purl stitch, I end up with a ladder.  Would you please post a video of changing "buses" with a purl.  Thanks!
Thank you. I've never used DPN'S before, I feel so much more confident to try them after watching! 😂 Thanks again!!
this is surprisingly easy!! thank you so much!! <3
If your making a hat how would you add the dpn please answer trying to make. My mom a hat and using your tutorial it would help to show 😊
Okay, I got the even number of stitches on every needle (or close to it). Check! I got how to stArt it. Check. My coordination of holding the needles though? Forget it :( (I've worked with circs while doing a cable pattern using two cable needles, but I can't get this! It's easy to understand, I just need to be an octopus to handle the needles! Oh well, dpns make great cable needles, not a complete waste of money! Thanks :) )
Very great presentation. Easy to follow along with you.
why is the long tail and continuing yarn at the same point?
As a crocheter who just got into knitting... I'm scared
Thanks Great demo
I like how you are holding your yarn.. any details on how you are holding your yarn..
This was SO helpful!!! Thank you so much!!
As someone who thinks in analogies this helps so much
Greatest knitting tutorial ever. I knit and crochet. I'm ready to make my first pair of flip mittens and learned that I have to use DPNs. Thank you so much. What a great way to explain the concept of using more than two needles. Great analogy. Congratulations! You are a great teacher.
Thanks you so much!! This was so easy and well explained 👍
How do I add stripe to a hat so they meet evenly
I bought some fantastic multicoloured sock wool and was putting off starting a project. I am left handed and find a lot of tutorials confusing. But….I found yours easy to follow and I am now nearly finished the first sock without getting my hands tangled up in the needles!! Thank you 🙂
What an incredible video, Davina! thanks for explaining everything in the easiest, most practical way possible! I love your videos!
Oh, I forgot.  The knitting needles size is for 4 ply wool.  In good condition, please.  Thank you
Would someone sell me a set of double-pointed knitting needles at least 35cm long?  Thank you.
As a beginner is was so helpful do you have any tutorials on Norwegian knitting. I am fluent in crochet so I like the yarn on the left but also want to minimize excessive thumb and finger movements bc of arthritis. Ty again
Why is your tail at the same end as your working yarn?
Gosh....you mean I don't have to throw it on the floor and stamp on it in frustration and burst into tears AT ALL.??? Thanks this was good.
wow, I never even IMAGINED something like this was possible!! but the explanation is perfect, I love it, it's certainly easier now
My girlfriend uses DPNs all the time.  It looked complicated to me but after watching this video I am definitely going to give it a try with my next project and confidence.
Fantastic video, thank you! I thought it would take me forever to understand how to do this but you made it simple
can’t i knit socks and the finger tips on a circular needle using magic loop?
I enjoyed that tutorial, but how do I knit the rest of the sock? Like shaping the heel and the toe?
I still consider myself a knitting beginner even though I've been knitting for over 10 years. I'm always learning something new. My favorite project is hats....love them. However, I'm finally moving on to socks. Thank you so much for your videos. I love your style....detailed, informative with a little humor thrown in. I am able to watch your videos all the way through without losing my mind. LOL...You are a wonderful teacher.
You made it look so easy that I had to try it with all I had in hand: brochette sticks 😂. Don't do it. I have to say it's hard and kind of uncomfortable  at the beginning. I think it's just a matter of give it a try and get used. Thank you for your tutorials
I had 4 dpns and I was about to grab my dpns for this video and I realized I just gave 2 of em to my friend :">
Thank you ! Enjoyed watching! I’m going to knit my first ever socks so this video was excellent as no idea what double pointed needles are?... xx
i had a dpn item going, but its been so long since i touched it id forgotten how to get the fourth needle in, thanks!
Really clear, nice analogy that makes sense. Have had to abandon circular needles, even with more stitches. Pace good. Wish me luck with my seamless softies!!
Loved this. Ordered my DPNs a minute ago and I'm not scared at all. Thanks so much!
Thank you, I think you are an awesome teacher.
Thank you so much for this video and clear instructions. I have battled with knitting socks and know how to proceed now. Thank you
I think I may beable to do this, I cope so anyway.  Will let you know
Just started working with 3 dpns for a small bag pattern I found on a knitting website.  This video made it easy but I need to make the bag bigger because my project starts with 14 stitches and it's so difficult to knit with the dpns with fingering weight yarn.  I will keep this video in my watch again stash though.  I like the way you teach it!  BTW....where can I get hat yarn?? I love the color!
Nope I make purrrrfect Sox on the magic loop needles . And I would not put up w a naked needle no matter what lol 😆
Your videos are always so helpful. Thank you!!
Excellent tuition, finally I can knit in the round, hooray.
You wasted so much of my time you didn’t teach us how to cast on
Stupid question (I think): I’ve been learning to crochet and it seems a lot easier to make circular items than with knitting needles. I have looked at a lot of historical photos and the women seem to always have knitting needles in their hands! Where are the crocheters and why was (is?) knitting more popular???
May we know what is the purpose of DPN's?
You are so easy to follow! I made a mess of my last try at this, now I know where I went wrong, thank you so much! ❤️
How to do it with circular needle?
This tutorial is incredible!!! I've been so intimidated by double pointed needles and just nailed this on my first try following along with you. Thank you!
You explained this Wonderfully. Thank you So Much!!!😍💯💞🇨🇦
“You can’t knit this sock on a circular needle”. Meanwhile me: MAGIC LOOP FOREVER AND ALWAAAAAYS
That bus analogy was my ah ha moment.
if you start with one more stitch, you can close by knitting the first and the last together
I'm just starting out with dpns and round needles, and stars above this is so helpful! So now i'm going to make a snake!
This tutorial was great, very clear instructions,  and the video quality was really good so I was able to actually see what you were doing.  I've been crocheting for over 30 years but am pretty new to knitting.  I want to make a pair of knitted socks without seams so this was great. I'm up for a challenge ... 😃
Awesome allegory and tutorial. thank you💕
Hello, do you have a video for using DPNs for starting a hat from the top down. I've found the magic loop technique more of a hell loop and am looking to try this method. Thank you
Well the video made it look easy. I keep getting the needles muddled when going round the corners so to speak. What is the correct way to hold the things? Looks easy but it isn't. Have been knitting years but this is so far stumping me!
I might be in the minority, but I genuinely don't like dpns. They're not hard once you get it and I can use them just fine, but I just don't like them
Wonderful!!!  Thank you!
This is a great video!  So informative and well done!  Could u turn off the music in the background next time. That was so distracting and annoying. Thanks! 😊
Thank you so much. I am going to attempt my first pair of socks and this video makes it seem a lot easier👍
I would correct the smallest knitting needle for circulars. It’s not 16” , it’s 9” circulars. But this video made dpns so easy 😀
Thank You Very Much 💞
Bruh just use magic loop.you never need dpns again
Hi what’s the best cast on if when I start I put stitches on left please as when I tried yesterday my rib came out wrong side. Thanks 😊
Why do you have 5 dpn of you only use 4?  Love the videos! Just trying to learn
I don’t understand why people need to take so much time explaining things. You should just assume that we already know the absolute basics since we are watching a video about intermediate-advanced knitting techniques.
Great video. Thanks!
The helped me so much!!
Tried magic loop.  Nope.  Tried another method where the initial cast ons were divided across needles.  Nope.  Finally found something that works for my coordination.  Thanks!
Pls check our website for yarn bowls: https://www.etsy.com/listing/925816197/handpainted-poppy-yarn-bowlknitting?ref=shop_home_active_1&frs=1
Do you have a knit sock tutorial?
Actually u can make socks with circular needles
The tail of your yarn and the end attached to the ball are at the same end, how do I do that?  Thank you 🤔
Wow, it was easier than I thought! 👍🏼🙂
I have been so intimated by dpn's but you made them look so easy! I am totally going to pick some up next time I am at the craft store. Thank you so much for this!!
Pythagoreas could never do this. I’m convinced. Who ever created knitting is a demiGod omg
Oh my goodness!!  Thank you so much, now I understand how it works and what I'm supposed to do.  I had no idea and couldn't even begin to understand by just looking at words in a pattern.  Look out little bus(es) I'm on my way!!!
I tried dpns years ago and failed miserably.  Thanks to you, I’m now making a project for a dear friend!
How did you get BOTH the cast on line and the line connected to the yarn on the SAME END of the needle?  It seems like no matter what instructions I search for on knitting somebody isn't explaining an important tiny detail that would save my hard work from looking like crap.
Love your tutorials - just a note : circular needles now also come in 9" ... sometimes called micro circular needles. I use these to knit tiny baby hats.
You are awesome.. I am struggling with adult mittens, can you do a video on how to make mittens. Ty sooo very very much..
I love the analogy about the train and the bus!!  Great tutorial!
I've been trying to get a project started for two days...could not join in the round until I followed your tutorial! Yay! I'm now knitting with double pointed needles. Thank you!
What length of DPNs would you recommend. My circulars are 6in. I want to get DPNs but I'm not sure whether to get 6in or 8in.
Okay.
Thank you this tutorial was really helpful and well explained in good time. Some people do it way to fast. This was perfect :)
excellent analogy, you made it very clear!
I prefer dpn to circular needles. I have always hated circular needles. I prefer to make sleeves with dpn. I made a pumpkin few days back. It was so so hard on dpn, you start with 6 stitches, 2 on each, it was a nightmare. This video is very helpful. Thanks.
I using DPN but only with two stitches on each needle. Much harder than starting with larger numbers
I had trouble seeing  you  work  due  to closed  captioning    Covering your work.
Literally the most helpful video I have ever seen!!!
Thanks, really clear. I am about to do my first project using dpns
So much easier than I thought. Thanks so much.
Brilliant tutorial, thank you.
Very helpful.Demystifies the process. is also very encouraging about this fiddly method which is needed for hats its and socks
I'm around the 4:45 mark and there's something wrong with my setup. I'm knitting socks. It's the first time I've ever used DPNs. I have 16 stitches on each of my four needles and I'm supposed to go in with the 5th needle to start the round. But it feels like what I'm holding is the complete opposite of what you have. My stitches are not twisted but for some reason it's like I'm holding a mirror image of yours and I can't understand where to start. It's also hard because I have 4 needles and you have 3, so I'm unclear where to begin. If any of this makes any sense to someone, please help lol.
Very nicely explained 😊
Had to give this a try. I don't have large double ended needles but I did have some fine bamboo skewers sharp on one end. I dulled the tips a bit and set off to knit me a tube. My first ever attempt and it was successful. It took a bit before I figured which way the tube was growing. I did about 3 inches long and big enough to fit over my thumb loosely. I was able to cast off no problem. The cast on left that section rather tight and not stretchy like the rest of the tube. Bummer. It was a bit with the super skinny skewers but I got the hang of handling them and it seems rather natural. Pretty cool. I like using the 4 needle way .   :)
Wow!! Thank You For This Tutorial.,  It has help a lot...😁😊
V
Thank you for being very descriptive and working step by step. I am always looking for new thing to try when it comes to knitting and I will definitely be getting myself some DPNS. 🧶
Learned how to knit with dpns last year and didn’t do it again till today. After casting on I totally blanked on how to do it 😂 this is a great tutorial and channel!
I have saved this video.. im coming back to do this as i NEED to make my pups for cute clothes.. and this technique just makes my brain sing.
now do all this with an additional needles. So divide all the stitches on 4 needles and knit with the 5th needle. That makes the connections between the needles less strained . Of course if you knit the whole thing continental , you are already a pro. It just hurts me just watching english knitters fiddle around with all the tossing and turning !
They make 12" circulars...
I struggled with DPNs for sooo long, and then They started making circular needles in 9" so now I do all my socks on those... but, if you like DPN's I just bought at pair of * Hiya-Hiya flyers* I think, and they are like mini circular/DPN combos. Love them
Thank you.
No, you´re not gonna take your fingers and wrap the yarn around, that´s what you have the needles for. You take the yarn from the bunble or whatever over your left index finger, grab it with the new needle and take it through that loop, from the front or back. Depends if you pearl or knit, spare your hands and time a lots of it. Just the way you casting on, the way you are supposed to keep handling the needles all the time, so why do you want to do it the hard way?
This was what they used for circles before circular needles came along they made stuff even as late as vests and I still have some from my nan who knitted and crocheted her whole life, they are also useful for cabling
I really like the train and bus analogy. Super helpful way to understand the technique. Thank you
How do you transfer to a circular needle?
This was really confusing for me
Thanks for this video! When I knit the last stitch on the third needle to finish the first round, there seems to be an issue with the stitch. It’s so loose and seems unsecured! Is this normal?
Ooh Thank you so much for teaching this
Do you have a video on thigh highs? And if not, can I ask for it?
as someone who is really bad at math, i just felt like i got even worse 😂lmao
Wow that was really good. I totally understand that..and feel like I can do this. Thank you
I have only ever crocheted before, and I found this video helpful enough for me to actually make my first sock with only a written pattern and this.  I really appreciate it! thank you!
Thank you so much! So easy to follow and nice to watch :)
As always, your tutorials are funny and memorable! Thanks for being such a fantastic teacher 🤗
I've seen a few videos explaining how to knit on double pointed needles but yours is the first that explains this in a way that even a total beginner is going to understand on the spot how to knit with these needles. Other videos made me confused and kept me away from trying to need with DPS. Now I know that it's as simple as knitting with any other kind of needles. Thank you!
I would like to have seen a few more rows (speeded up) to see how the knitting hangs.
I have a dumb question.... typically I crochet and I use acrylic or cotton yarn. I’ve learned how to knit basic stitches with your videos and I’ve gotten pretty good but I wanted to make wool socks and I’m not sure do you HAVE to hand wash wool yarn before you use it or can you hand wash it after? I know you can’t dry it and when you wash it it has to be in “warm” obviously not hot water but I wasn’t sure if you needed to hand wash the yarn before or not.
Thank you 😊
Been a good few years since I used dpn and your video was a brilliant refresher thank you
still have no fucking clue your a good teacher and i learned normal easy knitting from you but this is utter bull shit i am NEVER gonna learn this not even with a world renowned knitter if thats a thing dont get me wrong your an amazing teacher but im an awful learner
Excellent!
B
You 100% can knit socks on circulars, even enormous 80cm ones if that’s all you’ve got. You just knit as if you’re working across two dpns rather than in a circle
Love the clear and easy instructions! Complete sock knitting noob, so very thankful for this ❤️
I just started on dpns and my work is filling in towards me rather than under the needles. Plus there’s a rouge string running through the middle. I’m trying to start a basket (Annie’s stitch club project).  It says it’s an easy skill level, but considering it wants a backward loop cast on and kfb (which I’ve never done) on dpns, I would not categorize this as easy 😒 is there a way to include pictures in the comments?
I thought it was hard at first but turns out not really hard. At first of course is gonna be hard but then ill get used to it😆😆
Loved this video! I got a mitten kit gifted to me and I"m  still very much a beginner to knitting, this made it less scary lol I"ve been crocheting for 7 years, all these needles are intimidating!
Thank you will try, understand how now. 😊❤ Made it simple great teacher.
This was really helpful!  Thank you!
I love your tutorials sooooo much!!
Thank you very much.  You did and excellent job of teaching me how to knit using four knitting needles.
Hi... i often have difficulty in making small cast on in dpns. Usually when make knitted toys, it begin with cast on 6 stitches, divided into 3 needles (2 loops per needle). Then step 2: increase all stitches. 🤢 It's so hard to make 6 stitches...all needles dangling around...moreover increase all that 6 loops😭. Do you have any tips to make it easier? Thank you...
If the pattern says to use 4 dpns, does it mean thread 3 and use the 4th to knit, or thread 4 and use the 5th one to knit please? I'm confused. Thanks
mind. blown.
I'm 65 and I have only ever seen double pointed needles in sets of 4.     3 with the work on them and 1for knitting on to.
I did my first DPN project following this video - SO helpful. I prefer them over circular needles now. Never could figure out magic loop that well
Thank you for this awesome video! Love the colour of the yarn. What yarn is this? Thanks!
what is this yarn!?
Awesome video!
Thank you SO MUCH!!!  I really want to learn to make socks, and you have really helped me to start off!!  Thank you for making this video!!xx
Very clear instruction and sound, not keen about the music.
Thank you for a great video, very informative and helped a lot.
What kind of yarn is used in the demo?
Can you please do a video on hand positions please?
Thanks a lot! I been needing this, my next proyect is too small for rounded needles; is a fair isle, and the yarn is thiny. <3 <3 <3
Wow! Thank you again for this video - yours are my favorite because they're so clear and I love your analogies (bus vs train!). Now I just need to get some DPNs! Do you recommend a certain material like bamboo instead of say metal?
Hold on I thought I was knitting, not summoning satan
This makes me understand the process you keep it simple for my old brain to learn ! I'm working on my first pair of socks and am excited to explore more of your posts <3 Thank you for the help !
Thank you for the best  video I finally understand.
that makes it extremely easy to understand, thank you
Great explanation, pretty good!
Woah! I didn't know it would need 4 needles to knit socks😅😅 But i am definitely gonna try this..Thanks!!
I’ve just ordered some dpns because I want to be able to use all kinds of knitting needles. I have straight and circulars of all sizes, and I’ve made socks using 9-inch circulars and longer cables using magic loop. Now, I want to learn how to use dpns, so this is very helpful; thank you!
How do you get a smaller or bigger opening? Is it better to start small and get bigger or the other way around?
this is a great video! thank you so much for sharing. :)
👍👍👍👌
Thank you for making your videos clear and easy to understand. I want to improve beyond knitting and purling back and forth and with your  help I'm actually am able to make beautiful projects!
Would like to learn the majic loop
I can knit a bit and use circular needles. Still, I’d love to learn this technique, and I will be buying some dpns soon so I can practice. I love learning new things! Thank you!
How do you get the cast on tail to end up with the working end .,,,, sure am having trouble figuring this out ,,,, please help
I keep getting my long tail and my ball of yarn string on different needles. What am I doing wrong?
Thanks so much for making this not too difficult to understand. Transfer into different buses. perfect. I get it kinda. I know more about triangle knitting then before tho. I just might try this out.
Excellent video. Well done visually and directions were easy and understandable. Thank you!
I have so many double pointed needles that I never use any more. I use magic loop for every circular projects!
Awesome tutorial!  Thanks!
This was very helpful thank you
I just realized I've been been using these needels wrong this is so much easier thank you
Very good video. I like the way you communicate
I’ve just downloaded a pattern for a hat that has little ears. The pattern asks me to make the ears with to dpn and a 3rd (naked needle). Is it the same method as the 4 you are demonstrating? I’ve never worked with dpns before. Great video.
Where do you get your supplies and what is it call
Just wonderful! So clear! Thank you!
Can you make a scarf with these?
Like many others on here, your bus anology really helped me! You explained everything so well and I could understand what was going on. Thank you!
How are the needles positioned? That's as far as I got because it's really really really hard and I can't do this😭
i cant get the stitches to stay tight. when i transfer the stitches there's always this huge gap between the needles and i cant make it smaller
I only have two double pointed needles...
Thank you for this excellent and super-clear video! I'm an absolute beginner and I'm knitting successfully thanks to you.
How the HELL did you cast on with the tail and the yarn on the end???
I've made plenty of socks, mittens and beanies with circular needles..magic loop method.
SO there I was thinking "wow this is such a great tutorial with such helpful little details..." then I realized OH this is sheep & stitch! Thank you for an amazing and helpful tutorial, I'm starting my first sock project!!
This is such a great video. Love your explanations and enthusiasm! It is definitely intimidating to knit with 4 needles (for a beginner like myself) :P
You rock! This video has been sitting on my watch later list for a long while now. It just looked too complicated at the time. Today, I needed to channel some frustrated energy into something worthwhile other than stewing. I learned how to use dpk's! Wow. It's far easier than I thought. I can now start planning on mittens, socks, and, one of these days, sweaters. :-) Thank you for your clear, paced instructional videos.
Hi there great job. l really need help with transferring the stitches l have picked up to start knitting the gusset Thank You.
You explain this sos wonderfully, I was scared to try these but so glad I watched this
am I the only one who had  trouble transferring stitches?
Love this video. It was very well done and now I understand the whole concept double pointed needles. It was at a very good pace and easy to follow. A very good and thorough instructor. Thanks!!
You just de-scaried double pointed needles.  Fair Isle here I come.
I commented how my hubby needed a hat and he made a comment that I could make one. I've made plushies before without using the in the round and realize this might actually be better for that and also that, yeah, this is how I make a hat. I'm going to be watching this video a bunch to help me work on that!
What an excellent analogy for the differences of the two!  I’ve been knitting for several years, and never knew the differences.  Thank you.
You made this look so easy! Going to try again!
first time knitter and all of my stitches transferred from my third needle onto my working needle. I'm now left with two needles. I'm only working with three needles and I don't have a fourth empty one--i guess that's the issue. At what point do I grab the fourth needle?
thank you this was so helpful!
Thank you very much, I have been knitting for about 40 years and never knew how how knit on dpns.....I do now. You have made it look so easy and your video is so clear
Omg that is confusing.
HOW DOES SHE CAST ON THO I can't find any videos on how to do this, am I missing out on some secret knitting magic here?? I can cast on regular 2 needles but how do I get both the tail and the ball thred together at the end?? So frustrating how every video assumes it's common knowledge
Excellent graphics and explanations!👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
I have been knitting for years but NEVER with double pointed needles. I have tried but, no one would ever teach me because I never could understand how to hold the needles. You have performed a miracle, I now know how to hold and use the needles. You are an excellent teacher and I am sure in person you also have the patience that is also needed. Thank you so much.
Great tutorial. You know you’re audience (we are beginners to this obviously haha) and it shows. You explain things well in a clear manner and you don’t go to fast. Very helpful video thank you so much. Keep it up.
Thanks  so much for your time. 🐱 🐹
Now we have lovely Chiagoo 9" circulars which is my preferred  needles to knit socks.  They may be a little fiddly at first but they get easier and they are oh so lovely!
it would be much more easier, if you would use all 5 needles. you divide the stitches onto 4 needles and knit them with the 5th. here in europe it is common to use a "nadelspiel" with 5 needles
Double-pointed needles can do double duty.  They're great for small circumferences.  They are ALSO great for  knitting tiny dolls' clothing.  Just put a point protector (one of those clever devices that keep your stitches from falling off the needle if you have to put your work down for a bit) at the end of each needle and you have foreshortened needles that are perfect for knitting  doll clothing.
This video was so helpful! I had tried to learn this technique a few years ago to no avail, but this time around, I got the hang of it on my second try! One question, I have a little gap in my knitting where the row begins, what happened here and how do I correct this or at least keep this from happening in the future?
I love DPNs, it makes me feel like I've time travelled back to like centuries ago, long before circulars existed. I also love watching you knitting, though it's not the style I knit with, I just love the way your knitting style looks and your humour! It's quite soothing, your videos were some of the first ones I watched when I was a beginner knitter. 😊
Thank you so so muchhhhhhh! I feel so lucky finding your video 🥰🥰🥰
Thank you so much for an understandable explanation on DPN!  This explains it so well, I am ready to tackle it again,  I usually end up with an octapus of needles and yarn..but now I know how to manage it!  Thanks again!
~~magicloop~~
What about magic loop...
It's all very informative and all but WHERE DID YOU GET THAT YARN?!?!?!?!
Your videos are gold 💛💛💛
Great explanation from beginning to end! What length of DPNs would you recommend?
I always end up with huge gaps whereever my dp needles end. How can I avoid this?
Could you do a step by step sock tutorial so that we can make them along with you?
I am an intermediate beginner knitter who avoids patterns with DPNs. They intimidate the heck out of me. Your video is super awesome! Loved the analogies, the explanations/instructions, the visuals. I just need to bite the bullet and practice, practice, practice. I will definitely be using your video as my guide! Thank you for taking the time to make it and sharing it with us!!!! ❤️
I like how your nails match your yarn.
The background music/noise is super distracting and needs to be turned down a bit!
Awesome video!! Thank you!!! :)
I’ll stick with circs . I’m way too likely to misplace a dpn and have to buy a whole new pack. I just buy way longer circs than I need and magic loop all the things.
P. S. Also, circular needles come in 9 and 12 inch lengths.
Just found this. Never heard of a set of 6. Sets of 4 or 5, yes. Therefore I need an explanation for use of 6.
YOU are the reason I can call myself a knitter! Everything I know about knitting (which has become a hobby I'm very passionate about), I've learned from YOU!! THANK YOU!!!
OMG you completely demystified this method for me!
N
I don’t mind knitting on the round or the four needles but would like to learn how to knit one sock on one round needle if possible new to you from Newfoundland Canada Wed Aug 28 2019  might be an old video
i was taught to knit with 5 needles altogether... seems weird to only use 4 at a time
Why is this easier than circular needles? Well for me :')
I love the bus analogy!! I take the bus all the time
I always wondered about these.I never knew! Thank you!
thank you for a easy to understand video..socks have been on my list to make for awhile but knowing how to use the dp's was so awkward for me to use that now thanks to ur video i feel less awkward to use the dp's.
Best knitting instructional video ever. You're great! You're in depth, clear, interesting. Thank you.
This is an AMAZING tutorial! I love the analogies too!  I will definitely try this. Thank you so much!
You've made it so easy to understand.  Thanks.  I would love to see you do something on changing yarn colors.
i am 11 and i only mess up for how many stitches i have
You are AMAZING!!!!!  Tysm♥️♥️
Holyyy you knit so fast
Fabulous I went to an actual class and they didn't explain as well as you did .Thankyou
Thank you! You made that look so much easier than I imagined it would be!
Great tutorial! Ty easy to understand for us beginner knitters♥️
Looks sooo confusing
I wish that I had found you, long ago, when I learning how to do this from a book.  Still knitting, but with circulars.  Can knit with just one stitch on a circular needle, & don't worry about losing any. :)
OMG!!!! thank you!!!! i just learned to knit about a couple of years back (i'm a diehard crocheter who swore KNITTING....NEVER!!!) and i'm totally in love with knitting.... anyway, my sister found some double pointed needles that belonged to our mom, buried in the bottom of a box of old yarn she left when she passed....with a started cuff....and guess what??? i have now learned (many thanks to you) how to knit with double pointed needles.....and now i know why there were four of them!!!!
My working yarn isn’t ever on my right hook!! Help!
I understand your words and the demo is just great, I just can't get the 3 dpn's to work?  I'll keep trying
This made a lot of sense!! I'm looking forward to trying it out 😊😊
when i searched for how to knit a hat, all that came up were circular needles and knitting a rectangle that you sew together after. slightly mad that i had to search for the right thing so much, but glad to have finally found it!
DPNs also existed for larger projects BEFORE circular needles were possible. We didn't always have the ability to make really smooth flexible cables like we have now, and before plastic or even steel cables, ALL circular knitting was done on DPNs.  I'm actually working on a sweater right now on 12"4mm DPN that I inherited from my grandmother. It makes me sad that it's just about impossible to find these long, sweater sized needles nowadays.
Lol I thoroughly enjoy your analogies.  I'm a visual learner so the illustrations were not only great but also entertaining.  Thank u for making my day and for sharing.
I can't tell you how many times I forgot to use the naked needle. LOL
might you have a tutorial on how to make a coaster on DPN's? Thanks, great looking silver nail polish.
I have been knitting for 7 years and all of my pieces have been worked flat because I couldn't figure out how to use DPNs. Thank you so much for giving me the confidence to attempt these again!
I, like Sharon Higgins, have been knitting for many years.  I decided to knit birds nests for a charity and watched your video and, voila, I got it.  Your directions are excellent and very easy to follow.  Thank you for the great video.
I guess she never heard about the 9 inch circs that have been out for many years.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Ok, I love dpn, but magic loop makes it totally possible to knit very small things like socks on circular needles.
Thank you so much. I had trouble trying to join with the first stitch. When I saw your video, it all came together. You do a great job.
This is my first lesson in double pointed needles and I thought it was so well explained that I can go ahead and do it now.  Great examples and easy to understand.  Thank you so much for your conscience explanation.  I hope other watch your video too.
This video is excellent!  The instructions and tips are straightforward.  I'm sure, with a few colorful metaphors, I'll learn how to do this.  Thanks!
How do you turn for sock heal
I'm literally only knitting my first ever item (a scarf) and just clicked on this out of curiosity. Damn it, I thought I just knit stuff and then stitch it together to make socks and beanies. Everyone else here is like "yay you gave me confidence" and I'm like "what?!?! This knitting stuffs already hard enough withouht throwing two more needles in there!" lol I'll definitely be coming back to this video when it comes time to complicate my knitting a little more haha thank you!
Great video! I'm an experienced knitter who typically uses the magic loop technique for knitting small, circular items in the round; but many patterns call for DPNs, and it can be annoying to translate. Your tutorial was easy to follow and understand. I've finally been inspired to try DPN's!
Thank you so much, an excellently presented video
What a great tutorial! I had seen those needles and wondered what they where for... now I know! I understood your video so much that I actually think I can do it! I am a beginner so it’s nice to see a  tutorial that I can actually understand. Thank you!
Very helpful for getting my mind around dpns...the music unfortunately was very distracting.
You have explained how to use double pointed needles very well so now I have the confidence to begin using them. Thanks.
Thank you so much for this great video; I have always been intimidated by dpns, but you make it so easy!
Kks when the first slip is on one dpn and the second slip on next dpn. Which needle should this land on
Great explanation on how to use double pointed needles. I am working on a top down sweater and making the sleeves, I need to change from the circular needles to the double pointed needles to complete the sleeve....I was struggling.After viewing this video I believe the second sleeve will be easier....Thank you...
Thanks for sharing. Really informative video. I’m currently taking you Knit Raglan jumper on Skillshare and I’ve learned so much. Great tutor😻
This was an awesome video! The train and bus actually really did help out a lot!  Thanks
I'm starting my first DPN project and just threw the yarn and needles across the room in frustration!  I just watched your video and believe I will give it another try.  Your video makes it sound sensible.  Thank You.
I didn’t see if my stitches were twisted, pray for me
So with circular knitting you often add an extra stitch than called for and hook them together to knit in the round. Do you do the same for DPN?
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've always been afraid to try DPNs but you made it easy to understand.  Excellent video!  Thank you!
8inch circs are my favorite for socks but still need dpns for toes and heels
Excellent video on double point knitting.  Finally, I can muster enough courage to finish the hats I make the right way! Thanks so much for your clear instructions. Would you have a video on how to knit a beret with dpn?
Your nail polish matches your thread color.
Hehe, love the train vs bus analogy! 😂
Well explained. I loved the way you explained. Could you please let me have a pair of socks to knit with four needles with a pattern. What puzzles me is the calculation  for adjusting to various sizes.  I can read patterns but find it difficult to adjust to various sizes. Please help if you can.
Thanks for this video. Clear explanation, good view of the work, nice and slow at the beginning so we can see what's happening, and the repetition is really helpful.
Omg amazing, thank you!! Can you make another video for casting off with DPNs?
What a great video! After knitting flat projects for 11 years, your easy-to-understand explanations gave me the courage to start my first hat. Thanks for posting!
how do you keep track
Fantastic video! I went through once, with a few rewinds and pauses, and I am knitting in circles! Thank you so much 😊
I love the naked needle vs working needle analogy. You're very good at this!
I would just like to say Thank You so much for this video on how to use the DPNs!  You explain it SO very clear and it's very easy to understand.  I really love how clearly you speak and how you give the bus analogy!  That works great!  Can't wait to see more of your video "how to" s.  :)
Double pointed needles are the devil. I hate them.
I have the same needles!
This clip was fantastic! Very clear. I think I can do this after all! I have a question though... can I purl on my second "going around"? I am trying to make sleeves in st stitch, so the second line has to be a purl, right? I am also a crochet person, and this is my second attempt to knitting, so I am sorry if my question is silly. Thanks in advance!
Hi, I loved the visuals! And the fact that you nail polish matched the colour of the yarn. Well explained, you did repetitions for the more difficult moves, not that I needed to look at them, of course. I am, after all, an experienced knitter just checking in to see if I've got it right. LOL
You wouldn't try to make a sock on a 16" circ, you would get a longer one and do magic loop. You can do any size tube with that method. Double points are too fiddly when you could just use a circ. Everyone has their own methods :p
Just hearing "My Naked Needle" gave me a good laugh. I've been crocheting for many years now about 27 years Nd have only done simple knit stitch  scarfs. I wanna do so much more.  This help understand how these double pointed needles work. Thank u
Take a shot every time she says needle. Lol, but on a serious note, this video was very informative and helpful! I've had double sided needles for a long time and had no clue how to use them, so thank you!!
Magnifiques! Awesome! I will be making my first without the seam in back. Do you have any patterns for knitted cardigans? Simple but pretty.
I'm so glad I found your tutorial video on using dbl pointed needles. This is my first project using them and I was just not sure how I was going to accomplish this. Thank you for such a clear and easy to follow video!
Thanks for making it so easy to understand!
thank you for the very clear video <3 it's very useful
Great video 👏
Need instructions for the heel if possible.
Ahhh this was awesome! I was so intimidated (I don't know why, I just was lol) to pick up double pointed needles but you made it SO easy to learn! Thank you so much for your wonderful tutorials Sheep & Stitch! They're the best!!
I've always been afraid of double pointed needle. This makes it sounds easy! Thanks!!
Thank you sooo much! This is so easy to understand, and now I feel confident to try dpns again.
Your video just saved my sanity! Thank you for posting such a great tutorial, the bus analogy was very useful. I finally feel comfortable with double pointed needles 😀
Wow, great video, awesome teacher! I just ordered dpns and will be using them for the first time as soon as they get here, instead of anxious, I'm excited now. 😃
Get rid of music it is distracting
I don’t like double point needles. Mine always fell out of the stitches and rolled around in the floor. Plus you end up with ugly ladders in 3 places. I use magic loop. And I have gotten down to 2-4 stitches on them so it can be done. My opinion is they have new knitters switch from circulars to double points just to sell needles. The trick us to buy circulars in either a 32 or 40 inch length and use magic loop for hats and mittens. Knit Freedom has an excellent video on using a traveling loop for hats.
i've been afraid to use dpns. i've had them for about a year.  making a sweater for a dog.  i'll be watching this several times.
Very clear tutorial - excellent refresher!  I prefer dpns to two circulars or magic loop.
You are very explicit in your demonstration.   Knitting with doubl pointed needles can be difficult but the way your demonstraion makes it very easy to follow.  Thank you for this video.
what a great video. nice refresher as i was trying to make socks for the first time with 4 dpn. when i tried, for some reason it just felt wrong the way i carried the yarn from need to needle. but with this video at my fingertips... i did it right! thanks! I've also signed up for your raglan sweater class on your website. soooo excited to make my first sweater! keep the great tutorials coming!
Lovely tutorial. I wish I could have watched it when I was learning how to knit.
Good afternoon!   Just wanted to let you know how fabulous this tutorial is.   My left-handed twin sis is a southpaw and she's been knitting all kinds of pieces using this method.  Scares the heck out of me.  But now, I'll be able to show her how really simple it can be.    We're getting together this afternoon to knit together and it's always so much fun!  Thank you so much.
Thank you!!
great idea  using  the  bus  analogy.  I  think  I  will  be  able  to  handle DPNs  finally.  you  made  it  so  easy.
I'm a crocheter, and knitting has always been so confusing for me.  I've tried and given up so many times!  You made this look easy! I always wondered how in the world people use 4 needles at once! Lol I'm determined to try once again.  I love the look of knitted things and want to get the hang of it so badly!!!
9 inch circulars just passed you by huh?
You didn't remember to tell the beginners, to make sure that the yarn isn't twisted at the very beginning when starting the first k. That is, that the cast on trail  (or chain) should be underneath the needles
Thanks for your video
There is something so nostalgic about these that I never want to use the another option :3
Very helpful, thank you
How did you cast on that your working yarn and tail is on the same end?
I love the colour of the yarn! <3 It matches the colour of your nail polish!
this makes sense
What a wonderful tutorial, so easy to understand. Thank you so much. I was getting so frustrated, and you were such a big help!!!
I just .... it’s confusing
why is your name "sheep" and stitch? thank you
you nitpicked! hahaha. just jokin. this is great thank you !!!
Does it matter what type of cast on you use?
I was ready to give up knitting for good and this video saved me thank you so much
How did you get the end of the yarn and the working yarn on the same stitch? Is that the long tail cast on?
OMG! Your tutorial has given me the confidence to knit socks. Can't wait!  Do you have a sock instructional pattern video that I could knit my first pair of socks to with you?
THANK YOU! You explained dpns very clearly.  What seemed complicated isn't so complicated now.
Hello,  I’m trying to make my first pair of socks. The pattern says ‘join in the round, placing marker on first stitch’. Is the joining in the round the very first stitch you make with the 4th needle or after you knitted around all 3 needles once? Thanks!
How to bind off
How did you get the tail and the working yarn on the same needle? I have the working yarn on one end and the tail on the other
Real good
This video motivated me to knit my first pair of socks, something that completely intimidated me since I started knitting! Thank you for such a wonderful tutorial
That helps a lot.  Now I need to see how to purl...  to do a rib.
You make it look so easy. Thank you.
Helpful video! Thank you for creating this.
Thank you for this video.  I was struggling with my first knitted sock.  This made it so much clearer.
I was confuse on to do three knitting needles. Do you need four needles to do three knitting?
What kind of knit is she using?  Purl?
It's you! I thought you sounded familiar and it was so nice, and then I scrolled down and saw it was you! Sorry, I'm just very excited haha. Hi!
Wow .. You are a fantastic teacher .. could you please post a video on how to knit gloves with fingers Thanks
Thank you for this video. It helped much more than any other I've watched!
Very nice, clear explanation. Thank you.
Thank you for this, you've made knitting with Don's look so easy...😁
Finally made sense...thank you!
Could you show us how to knit the stockinette stitch using the DPN, for making socks?
Love to learn more about completing patterns on double pointed needles also fair isle knitting.  You do a fabulous job!  Loved your training.
This was incredibly helpful thanku x
I have a problem of getting the yarn on the right side of mwork
Very clear!  Thanks so much!  Must try it now! :-)
Great video! They do make really nice 9” circular needles though so 16” is not the smallest.
Wow! That was a superb video. You really made the really daunting idea of knitting with multiples needle seem doable!!! Thank you!
Great video.. Thank you.. Love the analogy of the Bus and Train!!
Can you tell me how long the needles you are using are?  Thanks!
Awesome video! Amazing teacher <3 <3 Thank you!!!
I'm going to take a shot every time you say the word 'okay'
Nice job of explaining DPN and how they work. I'm a novice knitter looking to make a sock so I can't wait to give it a try.
I'm a rookie knitter, I've never knitted with DPN and I've never seen it done...until your video.  Your video was so understandable and so concise that By Jove, I think I've got it!  I LOVED your train and bus analogy!  Absolutely one of the best tutorials I've had the pleasure of watching.  Thanks so much!
ياريت يترجم عربي
Great, now maybe I, can do socks,                                You get a THUMBS UF FROM ME
Such a great video with an analogy that makes sense to a total beginner, me! :-)
Great video. Thank you so much....this really helps. One question, what length are the needles you are using? Do I Need 5" OR 8 " to start?
Do you ever just pearl stitch in the round instead of knit?
Brilliant - thank you
RENAME YOUR VIDEO!!!
When looking for information on double pointed needles it VERY ANNOYING to find information about circular needles.  Please figure your knitting out and don't mislabel your videos in the future.  tldr: Double pointed needle =/= circular needle
Thank you!!!  Just knitted with double pointed needles for the very first time!!!!  Yay!!!
Thank you so much
Great analogy. Easy to understand. Thanks for doing this.
Thanks for making such a clear video! You have no idea how many I watched to try to get this figured out. Well done!
Thank you so much for this tutorial. It was so easy to follow, & I think I now understand how to use them. I'm about to make my first hats this year, so I needed to learn this. :)
I was handed-down 9” circulars in the clover brand from size two-ten, maybe they used to and we’re discontinuted?
thank you for this great video.  really clear and i loved the bus and train analogy!☺☺
Just found this little jewel! It’s my first time on DPNs when you are in the middle of a project how would you fold the needles to store them? Also I’m Assuming this is all the same for working with all 5 DPNs? Thanks!😊
This is so helpful and fancy .. thnks for the video 🤗
You are awesome thank you!!
Loved the video thank you!
Wrong there are 9in circular needles to knit socks. I know because I’m currently using 9in.
Really well explained thank you
thank you! thank you!
Do you have a tutorial on how to knit convertible gloves?
this was so helpful thank you so much!!! :)
The smallest circular is 9" , and you can knit socks and mitts on circulars of any size using the magic loop.
Thank you for fast forwarding when you do.....happy holidays, too!  @@
Circular needles come in 9 inch now......
the bus concept is a really great analogy. thank you.
An excellent tutorial with such clear photography. Thanks so much.
I just gave away my tiny circular needle to a younger person with smaller, non arthritic hands. Learning to use dpns again, and norwegian knitting.
This video is amazingly simplified for beginners. I love it, Well well done.
Hi nice video. I have a pattern that has 22 stitches on needle 1, 20 on needle 2 and 22 on needle 3 for some socks. The initial pattern is a knit 2 purl 2 ribbing and for the needles that have 22 on them the always end in a knit 2. The problem with that is when ever I start a new needle with a purl, I can't figure out how to do it with out accidentally increasing by one stitch. Can you show or explain how to start with a purl? Thanks
I have completely given DPNs the stank eye.. until now! I'm going to purchase a set tomorrow and get busy! This is not intimidating at all, it will only mean I need to pay closer attention to what Im doing. WOOHOO! Thank you for such an elementary explanation for  people like myself who need it made easy!
Thanks so much for sharing!  This was extremely helpful
This was so helpful! Thank you so much!!
It's so much easier to use 4 needles instead of 3. The world uses four,' only the US uses three!! Time to upgrade!!
Why are the stitches on the round smaller the main body?
You are literally the only good knitting lady on the internet! You have taught me everything I know, and I count on you for every question! Thank you so much for you videos, your patterns, and everything you do! I will support you as long as your knitting tutorials live!!!  Can anyone answer a probably pretty easy question? How do you purl on dpns like this? (Serious beginner, here).
Wow that tutorial made something that I was freaking about sound so easy.  I'm definitely going to give it a go. Thanks so much.
Thanks so much! I am a beginner and this video is soooooo great!!!
Brilliant! Thank you so much. This video makes DPN knitting so much clearer for me! :)
GOD BLESS.
so helpful!! thanks so much!!
Very well explained. Excellent tutorial.
Yes, that's pretty good, but really, knitting on three dps like that is so very awkward!! For a beginner, it is much, much better to use FOUR needles, and work with a fifth. Then you have a nice, neat, easy to handle rectangle, and avoid those dreaded ladders! You want beginners to have a good experience and to come back again. Avoid frustrations like that triangle!!
super GREAT!  easy to watch and great to learn.  a real beginner's lesson and method.  THANKS !
Thank you thank you THANK YOU!!! I've watched lots of videos and would get freaked out just looking at all the needles! But I was watching THIS ONE when it clicked this morning. I am no longer afraid of dpns. I know how to use them suckers now. 😂👍 #socksonDECK #ERRBODYgettinSOCKSforChristmas 💃💃💃🎅🎁🎅
thank you for the tutorial, another knitting mystery solved!!!!
Come on Davina, I'm still waiting for your fingerless mitts vid.
So much easier to follow than the Stitch A Day video I watched before this. Thank you!!!!! Consider me subscribed!
Every time i use  DP needles i get very slight noticeable lines going up my work where the work from one needle meets the other. To me it looks terrible. I don't know how to prevent this. What am i doing wrong?
Hi Davina! Loving your vids. Can you tell me the length of the dpns you're using here. I've been knitting for awhile but on straights and circulars only. I need me some dpns. What brand too? Thanks for the super fun video.
I am working on a unicorn and it want me to transfer from circular to dpns to make the noes part. I understand how to use my hands, needles, and yarn know. Thank you Sheep & Stitch.
Thank you so much for this tutorial! I have watched as many as I could find and yours really helped. I feel really smart using dpns. Lol
I've just found your videos and have also use picked up knitting. You're an awesome teacher! Can't wait to see mores from you!
So glad to have you back, Davina!
I am glad you're back! I learned to knit my first hat using your video. I hope you will do a sock video someday.
Good to see you back.  hope all is well.
Great representation! Excited to start knitting in the round with double pointed needles!
This is so helpful thank you so much!
Thank You for making this video. I've watch several videos on how to knit with dpns and still really didn't understand after watching your video, I do believe I can do this. This is the first time I watched your videos. Do you have a video on M1 increase?
You're back!! Yay! I love your videos. So well done. Your voice, your terminology, your humor. It's like a warm fuzzy blanket. (knitted of course)
I recently picked up knitting and I found your videos to be the most helpful. I am so happy you're back!
YOU"RE BACK omgomg
Woohooo! Davina is back! I was seriously thought you've quit your channel and missed you so so much on Instagram too! You've made knitting so much easier for me! You're my teacher actually!;) I can't believe you're back! ☺️(Jumping with joy) missed you so much!!! And this video was so helpful! I love the way you explain things in a fun way! Could you do videos on a fair isle hat, a sock or a sweater? Glad you're back!❤️❤️❤️ Lots of love!
Hello Sheep and Stitch! please do a tutorial on how to crochet​ a Anchor for a Navy baby! Thanks in advance
your video is so helpful. please make more vids 😍😍😍
So glad to see a new vid!!! Love your teaching style!
Good to see you back, and with a great topic.
yaaaay! it's been so long! i'm so happy to see you're still active! how come you didn't post anything on the website for over a year? :c I was worried you abondoned the project...
I am sooooo happy to see your video come up in my subscriptions.. I've been waiting for this...  Can you please show us how to knit a simple shawl? no one explains knitting the way you do, so thanks.
Yay, a new video!
You are awesome!  Even though I have been knitting for many decades I never really fully grasped how to knit with double pointed needles.  It just seemed so awkward and finicky.  Thank you so much for  the train and bus analogy.  That really helps simplify the process for me.
I would like to see a video for Magic Loop.
Welcome back!
