It's been almost 4 years since this video posted. Here's a new updated version. Hybrid LED tubes make this even easier! https://youtu.be/VKEQ1HCLW5c
Lol, how stupid do you have to be to basterdize a luminare?
Thanks a lot ❤
I have that same ballast but I need to wire my Fixture to each side of the Bulb. How do I do that
Great video!  Concise and no fluff.  Will be converting our Porsche dealerships meeting rooms to LED this summer.  Cheers!
Honestly double ended are much better and you don't have to worry about replacing the lamp holders.
I need to do this with my existing fluorescent light strips in my garage since it gets quite cold in the winter the the LED tubes are unaffected by the freezing temps unlike the fluorescent tubes, plus the LEDs are much brighter. Some of my fixtures did not require any conversions whatsoever but others will. These days it is near impossible to find light fixtures that are not integrated with LED lights. Once they go bad you have to replace the whole fixture. Very dumb.
I don't understand 😢
Thanks for the update and the way you explain things thanks once again for the efforts and for sharing this with us appreciation 🇩🇰👍happy new year
Fucked site - changed from the one I was watching!  Youtube fucked or this iste?
Never ever heard ends called tombstone..
Thanks for the video and I agree 86ing the ballast and extra junk is the best way to go.
Remember to handle the black wire, the danger wire, carefully. I wish I could wire a fluorescent light ballast, but I haven't tried it out.
I have 2 neon tubes in my kitchen, where the ends are partly broken. Can I still get LEDs into? How? At the moment there is no light, even moving the tubes does not help any more.
Right now Im setting in my shop looking at 26 led lamps i  swapped out 6 months back and didn't convert anything and a couple of the fixtures had bad ballast that wouldn't turn on the old florescent bulbs but worked for the led bulbs. Can someone please explain? Thanks
I can't believe no one has called you out on shunting. You are replacing non-shunted tombstones with shunted tombstones for a single ended installation. That is a direct short, "YOUR WORDS" in this same video. I wonder how many people have popped their circuit breaker following you instructions.
What is the difference between shunyed and non shunted? I have no clue what that means or why you need one or the other
Great video. Now...do it on an 8' ladder, overhead, in a row that goes to the other end of the building. Then, start on the next row. When you're done, go up to the next floor and start over. I understand,  it's a helpful video for novices. Keep 'em coming.
Dear sir, congratulations on the video. I have LGT8258B Preheating start electronic ballast. So far it has worked with 2 T8 2x58W neon tubes - without starter. Suddenly he started flashing and after 5/10 seconds he was dead. I bought 2 V-TAC LED tubes mod. VT-1577.T8.G13.20W I cut off the power supply on the requested side, after installing nothing to do they don't work. To see if the ballast is working, what voltage or current should I find in the output terminal block that powers the tubes? Thank you, thank you very much. Can you help me, thanks.
I watched your updated video for this and watching this one now. You’ve got a follow from me that’s for sure! Thanks for the insight
Great video, however also a point to mention that it's a lot easier to do this disconnected and sitting on table versus being on a ladder and back bent looking up in the dark. Haha 😆
Thank you for your very clear explanation but i'm still in the dark. I explain myself. My ballast is not working anymore and i want to install LED tube. I ordered non-shunted tombstones and i bought a GE LED tube p/n LED11ET8G-18-3CC but i cannot find on the web if this model of tube is compatible with ballast bypass connection. It's not written on the box if it's a type A, B or hybrid.
Did. As shown won't come on have power on black
Not good enough 😂😂😂
Concise. Safe. Did it the right way. Great editing - didn't show redundant parts we didn't need to see. Great job, sir! Loved the video.
Buddy, you’re not clear. At 1:13 you say single end needs non-shunted but at 3:50 you replace non-shunted with shunted. Which is it? Thanks for the video.
Thank you for talking on bolts nuts parts n techniques of conversion.  Great hands on workshop.
I just put the new type bulbs in my light without removing the ballast, didn't know to remove it, But, it works great and it's been over a year, so far no problem.
Finally seen a very informative video. Using meter to determine what tombstone fixture has. Single sided bulb is definitely the way to go. Very neat installation with zip ties etc. Class A job.
Wow! Super easy to follow, and extremely well-explained. Any time I had a question, you soon answered it. Thank you! Subscribed!
Oh my gosh...that's a lot of work. Why not just buy a new fixture that's already wired properly?
Diagonal cutter.....not side cutter.....but, go on.....
13:00 Mmm - just could not hide that American way of speaking. lol. FOUR thousand and then FORTY-FIVE hundred, not FOUR thousand FIVE hundred.  haha. Thanks for the excellent video and good explanation.
I think you need a better multi-meter. 5 ohms is way to much for a shunted connector. 0.5 ohms or less is what you should expect. BTW: I put this conversion in my kitchen lights a few years ago and its been great! Got it all at Home Depot. Take care to select the proper color temperature. 5000k in the kitchen is nice but not so great in other places where you would probably want closer to 3000k.
Funny guy calls dikes,  side cutters.
what about with 8 fixtures connected together that has 3 fluorescent light bulbs on each and an emergency ballast? is that possible to convert to LED?
Some fittings have a starter, so just change that for a led starter and put the new led tube in.
Plug and play, type A for use with ballasts, Type B are for direct 110V wiring, Type C for remote driver.  I prefer the double end 4 pin tubes, easy rewiring, I use Type B  99% of the time.
I couldn't tell what you connected the ends of the pig tales to. It looks like you just put caps on them and closed it back up.
I have converted 5  or so 2 bulb fixtures to LED.  I was able to "de-shunt" my original tombstones. Made the mistake of using 5K or 6K bulbs in my office.  Tried 3K bulbs, too homey, so settled on 4K color, perfect.  I ended removing 1 bulb in several of the fixtures to tone down the lumens.  Did all mine overhead. Bulbs have lasted very well at a fraction of the energy. I absolutely would not use fluorescents ever again, anywhere at anytime.  A 2 bulb lamp would have been less confusing for demonstration purposes. If you don't have a lens on your fixture, highly recommend frosted bulb tubes, to avoid bright pin point light.
👍😃 great presentation & no ahs, ums or umhs!  Wish everyone would, it’s so irritating which I then will not subscribe to.
Interesting! Do ypu have the wiring schematic diagram.
Just buy the LED bulbs that say no rewiring required and just insert them just like you do the florescent bulbs they have what fixtures that the bulbs will fit on the box and usually it will also say what florescent bulbs fit the fixture and that's all you need to do, i found this out after i removed the ballast from one of the florescent fixture i bought and my light didn't work then i looked at the box the bulbs came in from home depot and thats when i saw no rewiring required and so i hooked that fixture up put the Led bulbs in and it came right on, not discounting this video in any way but id use the florescent fixture with the no rewiring required bulbs and not change anything unless the ballast is bad like he said in this video.
Some of the LED tubes  do not require replacement of the ballast.
My florescent light 2 bulbs has 2 ballasts with 2 red wires going to both sides and 1 switch
Dont make the mistake I made. DO NOT DO A BALLAST BYPASS WITH A PHILLIPS UNIVERAL REPLACEMENT T8 LED STANDARD With 2 PRONG  from home depot or lowes! THEY REQUIRE THE BALAST TO OPERATE. Just buy LED integrated fixtures and fuck all this wiring bullshit
Easy..?????
It's not always possible to replace as shown because LED tubes are different lengths compared to old tubes. I find it easiest to replace fitting once and for all. Also if you do get tubes right lengths all you need to do is rewire 2 leads to one side of fitting per tube. No need to replace receptacle on ends of fitting.
THIS was the explanation I needed.  It wasn't even explained in the instructions that came with my GE bulbs (double ended)  Thank you so much! 😀
Can you tell about are yellow cable you are not cut the one cable so I'm little bit confused About others said you show nothing i hope you understand my point What I'm talking About
Why is this bulb call fluorescent
12:49 Warm = 3000K. Cool=4000 to 4500K. Daylight=5000K or more.
1:19 need non-shunted lamp holder
Probably a good idea to mark the Live end of fixture with a Sharpie ,maybe on the tombstones itself.
What is the energy saving  typically  in KWhr annually  when you compare a led light tube with a florescent light tube assuming the light tube is turned on all the time ?
Thank you for your DYI.  I have 12 florescent old style double ended overhead lights that I want to convert to LED.  I haven't investigated how much this will cost me, though I have purchased LED lights for my fish tank.  Your video gives me options that I didn't know I had!
how tp also comvert POE?
Great video. Not sure if anyone noticed but there is a glaring error at the 3:55 minute mark of the video where you state you need to "replace these non-shunted lampholders with shunted lampholders". It's actually the opposite. You need to replace shunted lampholders with non-shunted lampholders"
Good stuff thanks
Except flourescent tubes have more lumens ler watt then any retro led tube will ever have lol they have t12 tubes that are 98 lumens per watt.. no led retro is near that..  t12 is still way cheaper to buy too and still all over hardware stores
Good day Sir. Can I use traditional ballast in converting Fluorescent lamp to LED? Or I need to replace the ballast too? Thank you Sir. :)
I have no doubt everything you did is ok, but your camera was out of focus, and even though you were giving the explanation appropriately your camera was showing nothing... I wonder if you have a cameraman or a fixed camera that was out of focus? pity... for somebody like me that was looking for a DIY explanation on how to go from fluorescence tubes to LED tubes... I better get an electrician to do the job. remember a picture is better than a thousand words!
So the issue I'm having is I replaced my florescent tubes with led tubed that the box Said was just plug n play.  I installed the new lights. But when. I turn on the switch the light comes on fir a few seconds then goes off. Why is this.
3:56 Wrong!  A fluorescent tube fixture already has shunted lamp holders.  You have to replace shunted with non-shunted.  You have it backwards.  I wonder how many people ran into problems.  You need to over write your video with text, and pin your correction, which came four years too late.
Early in this video didn't you say " Single ended bulbs use Non shunted lamp holder?"
Wait! Turn off the power at the box??? Why not just unplug it? It's easier to take it down then to try to do it overhead.
Unplug light, take light down, throw light in trash. Hang new led light. Done.
Why keep so much excess wire length in the fixture?
2 Jan 22 I have a 4 tube fluorescent light fixture. I want to replace the tubes with LED tubes.  I have 18w ballast suitable for the led tubes. The question is do I use a single ballast for each led tube (4 ballast)? Or one for two bulbs (2 ballast).
Fantastic
Man thanks for the video!!! Im  super happy I seen this before I ordered new fixtures!! Thanks for giving good clear instructions. You da man!
Do you know where my husband can buy  a g8 florescent socket.?
Is it practical to install LED  tubes over and under Kitchen  Cupboards  instead of  Florescent  as the direction of light is upward on the upper cupboard and down on the lower cupboard. ???
What is the price difference between rebuilding the old light housing, as compared to buying an already ready to go LED light fixture?
What a great video! Clear explanations, no background "music," no wasted time. Many thanks.
How many Carpenters does it take to change a bulb.     ITS CALLED A LAMP!!
What is a tombstone? What is a pigtail? These are tubes not bulbs? These instructions are fine if you could do without it. If you know too little to sort it out for yourself, this will not help very much. It should be mentioned that this is aimed at the experienced electrical DIY'er, certainly not a novice.
My fixture are longer. Like 6 feet. Hmmm
I have done a bunch of those conversions over the years.  Tube style (two pins on each end) LED's just don't last long enough to make it worth doing.  I got an average of less than one year for these style tubes.  Much better to use the stand along LED tubes such as 'Barrina'.  These are much cheaper than the T8 replacement style tubes and last far far longer.  Plus much simpler just mount them with two screws and plug them in.  This video is very outdated.
Good job.  I will be replacing mine.
Hello Chris, how are you? I am fine. What is this BS in your video title? You are not converting fluorescent lights to LED -- you are repurposing a fluorescent lit FIXTURE  to LED. Change your title - we don't want to hear "Oh, my mistake, sorry Ha Ha." That crap doesn't fly nowadays --  and there's no excuse for not paying attention to what you're doing
In South Africa it invalidates your electrical certificate of compliance when rewiring the fitting, as the rewired fitting has not been type tested by the SABS.  Rather buy LED tubes that don't need any rewiring of the fitting - at least Philips and Osram have those available.
Wire  nuts   Banned  in England
Excellent video :-)
Thanks for showing people the right way to convert to LED. Most people think you save money by just installing direct replacement LED bulbs that run off of the existing ballast. That will not save any money. You have to do the conversion the way the video depicts in order to save money. Nice job
Thank for the diy fluorescent to led conversion. I'm in the UK so we have diffrent wiring, colours, fixtures and connectors. Nice at the end that you explained the light o/p in lumins and the colour. I refitted my lights when thay came out in the UK with Lidl ones bacically reducing my light if all on from 2500 watts to 175 Watts about 10 to 15 years ago. The rule of thumb is you will save approximate 90% of power used. Unfortunately they were 3000 lumins warm colour, so very yellow over the years changing them to 6000 lumins daylight colour. Just subscribed to your channel. Thanks.
So, When an AC cable is tightly coiled (zip ties), the coil is subject to autotransformer effect which can cause an incorrect voltage applied to the equipment, and greater heat generation in the coil. If coiled very loosely so that air can circulate freely around the wiring to prevent heat build-up. So I would not do it that way either cut the excess wire or secure them to the case with zip tied and a self adhesive block for zip ties.
New 2000 watt 2 tube led @ Harbor Freight for $26.00 including freight.  10 minute install.
They are not bulbs! They are lamps!
Those are not "side cutters" they are diagonal cutter pliers.  Side cutters have cutters on the side at the outside of the hinge.  Lineman's Pliers used to always have side cutters on them and most all fencing pliers have side cutters even today.  Some lineman's pliers today still do have side cutters but most do not.
Hi, how do I do the opposite? I want to put fluorescent tubes inside a LED fixture... Please advise!!
what did you say to annoy those 1.9k thumbs down people??????
In Australia we use 240v and all it takes is to remove the starter and we are ago,none of this work you are doing simple why do you not try it?
Converted to LED years ago, bought an LED tube from amazon, came with a special replacement starter to replace the fluorescent tube one. LED will light up only if plugged in the right way round but that was it. Job done and still working. No more flashing tube lights.
I’m an electrician. It’s cheaper and more cost effective to replace the fixture. Buying all those parts and being a homeowner going into Home Depot to get parts can be confusing, and most likely the person working in the electrical department doesn’t know what shunted or not shunted is.
wow am i out of date lol   till today i had never heard of shunted and unshunted fluorescent lamp connectors  subbed
Thanks very good video
What does a bulb without the pins look like?  Are they designed to fit into the shunted lampholder - to be held securely?  Or is it just magic that they stay where you want them?
1st
MUSIC bad, I dislike MUDIC in videos therefore I disliked the video.
It works now. thank u!
Please note that you should use Non shunted.  Shunted is for ballast type.
Just buy the correct type of led. I replace my with same type LED and use for 8 years and still using it.
load of crap just use old lamp holders if ok less cost
thank you
' better rather use the CFL tube light... not need LED... CFL is a either way plug as black = white wires... but LED must use a - / + as negative / positive
Replaced my 6ft dual neon lights in garage with led units. Came with fittings and cheaper than replacing ballasts. Big plus is power saving.
to many talk ....just remove the starter and change the bulb . thats all
Why do you leave the yellow wire from end to end.  What purpose does it serve.??
Our fluorescent has a wood casing around it. Do u know the name or how to take off
What is the purpose of the yellow wire going from one end of the fixture to the other?
Sooo difficult to understand!! I suggest that you use a single fluorescent light to teach like us who want to replace our fluorescent light at home... i have to skip this video to learn from other video.
Great video, thanks for making it.
are there single pin shunted tombstones? how would you use a multimeter with a single pin fixture?
I replaced the whole fixture and throughout the whole old fixture. Now my problem is that the new fixture has strip LED lights and I want to replace it with regular LED bulbs can I?thank you
Why not just get a new fixture that is already wired for LED? It's literally a $10 piece of sheet metal and wiring. How does this nuisance and time save anything?
So, someone comes along later (say a new homeowner) and decides to put in a flour scent tube in place of a bad led tube. What tappers? I converted my shop and now am wondering if I need to identify the fixtures as non fluorescent?
You can also just cut one end of the tombstones so they’re not connected to each other then just supply the line and neutral to the other side and then your not having to change out any tombstones. Good video but definitely the long way to go about it on a single end.
Watched your newest video and then came here to see your first video. I don’t understand why you had to replace the tombstones on the power end. I don’t see any difference between the original and the replacement version.
Hi i am want to do this but my concern when i went to home depot is the type of led bulbs they the recommend  to be install with electronic ballast ,didn't find any double ended or single ended...the said instant play ,universal fit ...help please
Can you convert a led to a fluorescent
His Chris!
WTF EVEN YOU DID NOT SHOW FINAL PRODUCT
When combining groups of wires give the groups several twists and the lengths will merge into tighter group which is neat and easy to fold and zip tie.
Are you serious...? https://youtu.be/SCWoI0X4jw0?t=464 Why using wire nuts instead of Wago connectors...?
Stop saying "you'll want to". Just provide the process steps.
or 20 quid for new one
I have upgraded a few hundred at our school.  I have only found one shunted tombstone.  If you are installing shunted tombstones,you will have a direct short.  LEDs only mostly use non shunted tombstones.
Great idea. In many countries this is illegal if your not a licensed electrician. Not to mention the probability that you will burn down your house (no insurance won't cover that) if you get the wiring wrong.... or maybe even electrocute yourself.  Excellent.
Thanks.I was wondering about the single ended confections.
Yeah, If you want to do this yourself in Australia(unless you are a licensed electrician), when your house burns down, your insurance wont cover you.  Seriously though, if you have fluorescent tube fittings, chances are they are quite old, plastic parts will be perished due to UV damage from the original lamps, and insulation will be heat worn.  You are just better getting an new LED fitting installed, it  costs the same, and at least you will be  covered by warrantee.  With electricity, DIY=DIE.
Why would you spend all that time and money to convert ,just buy a new light fixture ,its a lot cheaper
you skip the connection of the yellow and red wire where you connect that 2 wires?
WITH THE OLD BALLEST AND LIGHT CONECTORS U CAN STILL USE LED BUILDS. I KNOW IV DONE  IT.
Even simpler: use hybrid LED lamps. No conversions needed.
In the UK they make all the cables white to fek with you.
Can you use normally close holder on other side??
Why use zip ties to tie up the extra wiring when you get a disc clip the wiring a foot shorter
Do u connect it straight to the outlet without a ballist?
never use L.E.D. bulbs.
Converted my kitchen tubes to LED about 5 yerars ago, and been very happy. Since converted my small workshop. It was shadowy under my cabinets, so I made some under-cabinet lights.  I bought 4 of the 48" 5000K tubes. Used round connectors to plug thin power cords to the prongs on the tubes, hung them up with rubber bands on magneitic hooks. Happy camper.
Did anyone find it ironic that he cut off the little bit extra on the zip tie to coil and stow 9' of extra wire.
The only think I have is are the tombstones  "lock out" so the wrong ends can't be put in or would it be a good idea to label them for ones own bad memory or a future home owner?
Thank you I was not aware of this
It's been almost 4 years since this video posted. Here's a new updated version. Hybrid LED tubes make this even easier! https://youtu.be/VKEQ1HCLW5c
I don't understand. I searched LED tubes and it almost looks like they just sell tubes that fit in fluorescent fixtures. Do you have to go through this process for these: https://www.1000bulbs.com/product/218507/TCP-10735.html?cc=300&gclid=CjwKCAiA25v_BRBNEiwAZb4-ZZDlhY_yPS1kPqSIUOxsuuT7trxyw3UOQkwbAQePdSMW3wh7KNSlRRoCGwcQAvD_BwE
tHESE DISGUSTING " led " strip lights are very noisy. Probably save a GB pound a year MAX.
With mine all I had to do was change the starter to an LED one, then fit the new tube.
Best way is to throw away the fluorescents and convert to LED.     Best thing I ever did.
Bulbs are planted in a garden, Lamps arent.
I found that I could Buy the Whole Fixture with LED Bulbs in them at Walmart just as cheap as converting Old Fluorescent Unit...
Even easier - buy hybrid LED bulbs - no need to modify the fixture at all.
Bulbs+shunts+conversion = time and money. Buy LED lights that are ready to use = cheap and less time installing.
At one point you said we needed non-shunted lamp holders for the LED bulbs.  Then, at 3:57, you said we need to replace the non-shunted holders with shunted holders.   A bit confusing, but I think your first statement is the correct one.
Thank you soooooooooo much! We just moved into a new place and the fluorescent lighting in the kitchen was loud, flickery and giving me a headache. Following your instructions I've successfully converted to LEDs. They're easier on the eyes and don't make that head-splitting buzz! Much appreciated :D
Thanks for sharing
I have florescent bulbs in my office but the light hurts my eyes. I am on a switch with other offices so cannot just turn them off. Can i just unscrew the bulbs and leave them in the light?
$25 Harbot Freight
I like it. Retired IBEW 292.
WHY SHOW 3 TUBES NOT JUST ONE TUBE
If you remove the ballast does the light work on 120v or is there something in the tube that helps it light
Warning. Warning. Warning. Different brands of LED tubes are wired differently.  There is no industry standard.   For the one he is showing you 110VAC is applied to the two pins at one end of the tube.  The pins are the other end are dummies.  For another brand 110VAC is applied from one end to the other end.  So one end has the pins tied together and you can put your hot lead there on either pin. At the other end the two pins are also tied together and you can wire your neutral to either one.  If you wire hot and neutral to the two pins at one end you will create a short circuit and hopefully pop the circuit breaker.  And unhopefully burn down your house.    Some tubes brag about being compatible with your existing ballast.  If you are light weight enough about wiring up electrical lamps that you feel like you want to leave your existing ballast in place and power the tubes that way then please just keep using fluorescent tubes and don't change to LED.    This is a sad state of affairs that tubes are wired differently.  This means you have a nice LED fixture and years from now the LED tube goes out.  So you go to the store and buy another LED tube.  You plug it in, flip on the switch and POW!    Another problem is every LED tube I have tried puts out a great deal of RF noise in the longwave band.  Turn on your LED tubes and every AM radio in your neighborhood turns to static.  That's why I bought a lifetime supply of old fashioned ballasts and fluorescent tubes and will not switch to LED until they reduce RF noise emitted from them by at least 80dB.
I did try this 8 months ago, bought two LED tubes with the connectors on both end. Instruction shows very easy to take out the old connectors and put in these new ones. That is the hard part, I could not even get this going so I returned them. Then I bought LED tubes which include metal housing from Amazon for the same cost,. These LED tubes come in as complete unit. Take off the entire old tube fixtures, then install these in (only two screws needed to attach it to the ceiling or wall), then do the standard 3 wires connection to the old wires (black, white and ground) that feed the old tubes. This is simpler. REMOVE OLD ONE COMPLETELY , INSTALL NEW ONE.
Awesome video sir
Hi Chris stumbled on this tutorial. In my barn I have six 6’ two bulb fluorescent lights that do not work when it’s very damp or raining. I figure the ballasts are bad. In order to replace with LED I should shop for LED bulbs of the same size as my current fluorescents correct? Thanks
Awesome video
thanks great info, good timing I am fixing to replace lights in my shop and out buildings.
WAY too complicated. I will buy new ones and hire an electrician thanks.
I have never worked on a Ballast before. My bulbs were Flickering. Decided to change to LED. Bought 3 sets of LED bulbs. Took me about an hour to change out 3 40" Shop Lights. T8 Models. I completely removed the Ballast. But did it with cutting the least amount of wiring possible. I can reinstall in other lights if needed.
I just bought led bulbs that worked in my florescent fixture. Boom done.
A new project coming up, thank you for all that great info.  Is that you playing a few bars of Spanish flamenco sounding music on guitar as the intro?  If that's you, can you teach that too?  Loved the whole video, thanks again.
My hero. Those flourescent lights make me dizzy and fatigue me. Make me sick. I hate being around them. Grocery stores and companies that use fluorescents make me mad. So glad you made this video. You are up with the times. Those flourescents are just ancient history. It is a part of history that needs to be retired to history and never used again. Lots of people are effected by flourescents. They just don't know why they feel the way they feel. You are helping lots of people. I wish companies would get the hint and drop their tubes. LED is the way of the future. Saves lots of money. I cut my electric bill in half by just using LED over those curly lights. LED good for your health. Good for your wallet.  They do last a long time. Keep up the good videos. I just subbed. You are the MAN!!!
Can't you just take a shunted tombstone and cut the wire so no power is going to it and still use a single end LED?
Very informative. Thank you for for explaining if you do or do not need the ballast. Have several fixtures that need repaired. Dang you for creating yet ANOTHER fall/winter project for me! Ha ha ha ha.
with wire connectors ,,did you strip end of wire before putting them inn wire connectors?
if you are using rapid start cut all yellow  wires on one holder then use the two blue or two red  on the other lamp holder to connect the line to, if it is an instant start  you can,t do this unless you have a non shunted that was shunted with a very short jumper.
I replaced my FTs with LEDs.  Didn't remove the ballast.   They work, but after about 30 min, it turns off.  After a period of time, it might/might not come back on.  Cycling the switch makes no difference.  Is this due to the ballast still in place?
too much work just get the LED Lamp unit and be done with it
was that desperado in the beginning?
Single ended tubes can always be rewired as double ended if when you have to replace the tubes the single ended type become hard to find.  Just leave the cold end with the YELLOW wire still attached to the socket, but left unwired.  You can later use the yellow for the neutral, and short both of the wires at the other end together for the hot for double ended re-conversion.  Most electronic ballasts are wired for shunted lamp holders.  Older magnetic ballasts, activate the starting filaments on both ends of the tubes, with really ancient types having an external two terminal starter (which often goes bad).  These type fixtures have non shunted lamp holders which can be removed. (non shunted sockets have TWO wires at each socket).
Very good video.  You must be a communications major.
I got one fluorescent and accidentally got the other one as LED. They won't turn on.
Thanks for the advice like it
I’m knowledgeable around electricity and converted a Lifelite unit last night. What a different setup! Transformers, capacitors, and startup circuitry instead of your typical ballast. Another difficulty is removing the tombstone holder. Manufactured to be a “one-time”install, it’s a pain to unclip it and get it apart. It took four hands to do it but opened with patience and didn’t break the plastic molded clips. I also found a never soldered wire... no wonder it flickered. My helper was confused but I understand shunted/nonshunted. He wanted to insert a replacement tombstone. But Lifelite doesn’t use the standard snap-in units. So, as you showed, I used my VOM to verify the existing tombstones were non-shunted because we had to use the existing tombstones. You were smart in your video to teach that. We cut out all electronics; two transformers, two capacitors and resistors and the startup circuitry and reduced it to simple 120 VAC hot/neutral at one end for both bulbs. The only thing we left in place was the power ground connection. Snapped the tombstone units back together, inserted the single-ended LED while paying attention to which end power goes in, and it worked perfectly. Only eight more of these to go!
My thought on this subject is, if you need a video to figure out how to directly wire an led light on a 120 volt fixture, you probably should not be doing the work as you do not understand electrical theory and may hurt yourself or cause a fire.
Really thorough video.  Thank you so much!
Shit wideo better buy new one
not one question was answered..
You completely lost me because I saw you remove that look like two tubes and now you’re fooling with the middle of the fixture and you’re saying that there’s three on each side which makes a total of six so I’m totally lost
I just bought plug and play led bulbs to avoid the work and expense of this conversion. Plus I can go back to fluorescent when I want.
Great stuff but are led bulbs  in different diameters like T12 and T8 ?
I have some vintage fixtures I want to rewire for led can this be done?
I bought 2 Philips Led replacement tubes for my 4 foot fixture using the universalT8/T12 and the ballast for the  original flourescent  lamps. now the ballast is shoing signs of burning out... (works and then heats up to 300 degrees and shuts down) what do i do? how can I hook those univeral LEDS  up without a ballast? Should I buy a new ballast? what type?
This is a fantastic video -   Thanks for all the information!
Sorry if this has been answered. Do you have a recommendation for bulbs? Replacing 8ft fluorescents
Great video!!
First, great video.  In the first few moments of the video you said that we needed new non-shunted lamp holders and in the middle you said we needed shunted lamp holders.  I guess I will find out at Homedepot.
This is obsolete. You can buy LED lights that replace fluorescents without the hassle of modifying the fixture or wiring.
music was exquisite!
hmm, I disagree with some of your comments... I always use WAGO 222 connectors, they're epic, and reusable if you have to rewire (221-61X for 10 awg, and 221-41X for 12 awg). I would also rewire and resolder (lead free Cu/Silver/Tin is pretty good) all the connections with compressed copper cerrowire awg 12 or 10 with a THHN jacket.. depending on total wattage and typical operating temp, THHN compressed copper wiring is bend resistant, protected against dirt/rust, and operates up to 90 C before melting. Lastly I'd install a normally closed thermoswitch to replace the ballast, in the event of extreme heat, it can turn off the lights. Although I haven't tested this just yet.. not sure how this would affect PWM or voltage based dimming technology. Most thermoswitches induce a small amount of inductance in the line. If you plan on having a light outside, you'd want XHHW-2 instead of THHN wire.
Thanks. I appreciate the information. Well presented.
Only nuts use wire nuts.
All that effort wouldn't it be easier, faster and safer just to buy a new light fitting.
So I was told that you have to replace the ballast with and “Led driver” but no one on these videos does that... are they not needed?
I purchased T8 LED tubes that say on the box that they will work with existing electronic ballasts.  After I installed them they will turn for a few seconds and then go out.  If I toggle the switch they may flicker very briefly but they do not light up.  Is this common?  What do I need to do?  I'm guessing I have a bad ballast.
Perfect. You covered everything I needed to know and then some. Learned more than I bargained for. Feeling pretty confident in upgrading the lights in our deli now. Thank you so much.
Why do people go through all this rewiring business?  I just replace the tube and the starter (which comes with the LED tube), and the new light works fine.
too much work.
Basically power is connected direct to tombstone. If i have doubled ended tombstones on both end; what should i do?
Can  we get rid of all components inside? Also, if you have doubled ended tombstone, do you just cut off the cables on one end? Apbaboolall@gmail.com
Oh crap. I dont have a screwdriver.  Oh crap. What is a circuit breaker? Sssshhhhunnnnted tombstones with pigtails??????  Yyeeeeeehhaaaaw.
Thank you so much for this video. My walk-in closest have been a nightmare for us. The contractor put in fluorescent lights, but cheap ones. So it is constantly going out. When I saw this video, I thought what have I got to lose. It was so simple and easy to do. The lights are so much brighter in both closet. I can actually see clothes and shoes well to see if they goes together or not. Thank you, thank you.
Here’s a little tip before you spend extra money for non shunted tombstones. Some holders have a fiberboard cover on the back side. Gently pry off the staple and cover and look for a clip connecting the two pin tabs. Remove that clip (it should lift right out) and you now have a non shunted tombstone.
Title needs changed.... Need to say How to remove your fucking ballast before it fails and never have to deal with again EVER. or if your ballast is bad why but a new one remove it entirely from the equation and upgrade to LED at same time possibly for less.
Very good presentation. Thanks
How do I Bypass The Ballast In A 4 Lightning Bulbs Fluoresce Light
Which side is the power end of the LED?  You advised that be sure to install the power end of the LED to the nonshunted tombstones we installed.
Basically, you just removing the ballast from the circuit, right?
Thank you for making this video it was very helpful. I was going to subscribe to your channel but I see it's been a year since you posted any videos so I guess you may not be continuing making videos for your youtube channel.
This video started when I wasn’t watching the screen. When I heard you speak, I thought I was listening to Rand Paul. He is one of my heroes. Great video!
Very informative, especially when describing shunted v non-shunted lamp holders and which LED bulbs are compatible with which setup
how to install lamp bulb in tube light circuit
I'm still laughing at you saying bulb & not Lamp!!! Also saying hot wire, for me a hot wire is over loaded.
Good video. I would have put the part explaining the different bulbs and tombstones first as you did the repair information wthout context. That little nit aside good video. Thanks.
Very good !
I did away with the entire fluorescent fixture and installed a LED light fixture.  No bulbs to replace in this new fixture and it has an auto on/off sensor.  It can be set to go on when movement is detected at night or during the day, and shuts off automatically in 30 seconds.  As an added bonus, the new light fixture is much more attractive and takes up less space.
DIY hendak tukar mentol lampu rumah | down light @
I don't like your video because it's a complicated and not enuff easy way to do it but I like your watch can you make a video about it thanks
Dude - Great video! You need to add a parts list in the description with affiliate links on Amazon  A) so I can easily find the stuff you used and/or mentioned  and  B) so you can make some money every time someone watches your video and buys from Amazon using your links
Question: Is there a way to use the LED replacement lamps designed to use with the existing ballast, but to use them without the ballast?  Thanks for the great video.
Hi do you need to be a electrician to do this project
Doesn't work for me. Followed instructions to the letter,  my key build does not light fully. Only a small section of th he lamp lights
Thank you very much,
I have 3 *' tubes to replace.  What do you recommend?  And thank you, I didn't know this was possible
.... or you can simply go to Costco and buy a NEW dual tube LED fixture for $28.99 complete.
I was at Lowes today and I was told I would need to install a T8 ballast if I remove the T12 ballast otherwise the their bulbs would not work, I need clarification. All they sell are replacement T8 4' tubes . I was told by the time I buy a new T8 ballast and bulbs for $6.50 each I could buy a complete work light assembled. Thoughts, Thanks, Tim
It’s a good ballast
I have 4 ceiling lights. They are 4 foot fluorescent fixtures. They were normal florescent and I changed to 4 foot LED bulbs. They are all the same and have 3 ballast per light. In 3 lights they are fine and bright and work fine. The 4th flashes on an off like a strobe. I switched two of the working LEDs in the "flashing fixture" and they ‘strobed’ as well. It only happens in the one fixture. After ‘strobing” for a minute the bulb quit lighting or flashing altogether. Did the LED die? What would you suggest.  aaronkdean@msn.com
Good Video! 6 LED Bulbs is over kill. One bulb on each end will put out plenty of light, as bright as 6 florescent s did, plus 2 is 1/3 the cost. Double ended LED Tubes have a tiny schematic diagram that shows to wire one side BLK other side WHT (using shunted tombstones).  Definitely take out that old ballast and recycle. They also get very hot so let them cool down before removing.
Thank you very much, awesome tutorial , I feel more sure of myself now.
I bought 4 nice LED tubes for US $30 and installed them in my kitchen in 15 minutes. A friend of mine remarked that she also converted her 48" kitchen fluorescents to LED, but they were very expensive.  She paid over $500. I ask her if her electrician traveled from NYC on a private jet to do the job.
Some im a bit late to the party here but i have a question.. my ballest works with 1 LED however when i place the 2nd led tube in it it will turn on for a moment then just turn off.. what in the world would cause that? Also is thier a way to get a ballest thats already set up for dual leds thst i can just change it all out st once?
Thank you sir that was good to know...
Why is he wearing a ladies V  kneck T shirt?
4-5 years ago, I converted the one in my garage to LED and so glad I did.  Although it took a bit longer than your demonstration--first time and I left the fixture mounted--it worked out fantastically.  Now, I have such clear, white light in there whenever I need it without the hassle of having to replace the tubes so often.
Thats a Pain in the ass. Replaced all mine in the garage with these from Sam's club. https://www.samsclub.com/p/4ft-led-5000l-shop-light/prod22820266?xid=pdp_carousel_rich-relevance.rr0_2
It would have been better if you had told us about the voltage required. I am assuming house current of 130 volts is being shown.
You have contradicted yourself, You said at the beginning you said you need non shunted lamp holders and then said that you need to replace the pre existing non shunted lamp holders with shunted ones. Did you mean that you need to replace the pre existing shunted ones with non shunted ones? And to fully clarify, do I need shunted or non shunted if a am replacing with a single ended lamp like yours?
THANKS FOR THE VIDEO !!!
This isn't necessary anymore..Philips sell LED fluorescent tubes  that adapts to old ballasts. Just Amazon it if it's not available in your local hardware store.
.
my electrical instructor in turning in his grave.you never strip solid wire with a stripper like that,only a knife at a angle.also your push in connector could cause a fire if done like you did, after you push in you should pull on the wire to bite in a bit for a good connection.
Sooo sllloooowwwww
I have done several conversions and never changed the ends. You simply connect the hot to one wire and the common to the other.
👍
Why not leave the plug on your pigtail wires, then just make your connection  with the plug?????
Do you know if anyone sells a conversion kit?
why all the extra  WIRE  ????????
Thanks for the instructional video!  I replaced the ballast fluorescent lights in our kitchen with the non-ballast LED lights.  Easy-peasy, and we'll save on energy usage!
Great informative video.  I was considering replacing my florescent lights in my shop. Now I will just convert them.
If you want to do this project as a challenge, or for fun, do it. Do not do this for reasons of economy, the tiny differences of efficiency between the light types guarantee you will never make enough of a power saving to ever get your money back.
Evidence suggests the efficiency of fluorescent lights are 85%, the efficiency of LED lights are 90%. This is a trivial difference and not worth the time or effort of the exercise. If a fluorescent light fails change it then, otherwise you are just wasting money. So far there has not been sufficient time to establish that LED's last longer than fluorescents. Is an early adopter of LED lights I have had lots fail much quicker than even incandescents, never mind fluorescents.
Great content! Thank you sir.
EVIL NWO PROMOTING TOOL....LED Lights are ALL BAD for anyone alive.
I retrofitted many of these fixtures with LED. They had a high failure rate. I only replace the whole fixture now with much more success.
Great information! Thank you very much!
Very well prepared. 👍🤙
I am reading a lot of favorable reviews.  I wish I could write to same. Personally I think a lot of information is just left out and a novice would have no idea what you are talking about.  Video starded with you describing the wiring... we couldnt see it. Pigtail... what is that to a novice.  Also hot, neutral and ground were mentioned but not anything else.  Good time tp show novices what hot, neutral and ground are. I  already know this information so it isnt my issue. I just couldn't imagine trying to show a novice without including this.  Without the information when the novice opens their fixture... they are lost. I  am not trying to just complain either. My wife watched this and had no idea what to do at our house.
thank you.  I watched a bunch of videos that kept telling me to connect all the positives on one side and the negatives on the other, thinking that made no sense. Your video was what I needed and made me realize that those other videos were all for double ended tubes. Made sense immediately.
Now I can convert my lights and postpone the cataract surgery 👍😀
Which is easier, converting fluorescent to LED or fluorescent to regular lighting?
Excellent tutorial, covers everything you would need to know.
Thanks, we’ll done!
This information will save me several hundred on my shop lighting conversation
This was one of the best instructional videos I have ever watched.  You, sir, are a professional presenter.  Thanks for giving me all the information I need to do this in my shop where I am always replacing Fluorescent tubes or ballasts or stumbling around in the dark.  Make more instructional videos.
Thanks for the info on this LED upgrade.
Beware, all lights that burn at a temp higher than 2700K because they produce a ton of ionizing BLUE LIGHT RADIATION (BLR) which is very damaging to the photoreceptors in the maculae of our eyes. These macular/foveal receptors are what allow us to see straight ahead clear detail vision and they can take only so much ionizing BLR before they begin to degenerate. BLR is now clearly shown in the scientific research to be one of the main causes of macular degeneration which results in central vision blindness.  Stick to 2700k or less in all LED bulbs that you ever buy. I have replaced all bulbs in my own home with 2700k LEDs.  Type Blue Light Radiation and Macular Degeneration in the Google search bar.  It makes it pretty clear.  By the way, I am an eye doctor.  Bluetech lenses for indoor and Bluetech Sunglass dark lenses for outdoor use and Reticare.Com screens for monitors and cell phones which also produce a lot of BLR are the only options I can find to block BLR 100% and keep your eyes safe. All the rest only block a small band of the BLR radiation.  Get yourselves educated and then protected from this Blue Light Radiation throughout your younger years and you will significantly reduce your risk of AMD.  Grady M. Clark, Jr. OD.
I have a 40 year old shop light. just replaced old tubes with leds..no conversion needed.
I've yet to come across a luminaire that has what you call shunted connectors.
And now that everyone has watched this video, they all seem to think that they will qualified to do the work. Any fixture that is direct wired requires a licensed trades person to work upon it, and also think about the lack home insurance that will raise it's head when something goes wrong. I have seen this happen too many times to people after watching these DIY video's, house burns, fire dept determines electrical fault by faulty workmanship, insurance asks how did the work, you did the work to save money, "Insurance company comes back with FU as their response you voided your insurance"
Lamp NOT Bulb.    Bulbs are planted in a garden, Lamps provide light.
Whats the point of all that work and talking ,just go out and buy  new leds on sale  and put them up   ,,stupid stupid stupid .
With the comments saying no cutting wires and no ballast removal needed I'm lost!
But fluorescent still cheaper brighter
Can I run a strip of LED lights on a USB cable, thank you
Bulbs are for flowers lamps are for light fixtures
Very nice and knowledgeable for non technical person. In home where single fluorescent is in use there old fitting doesn't match because the length of LED tube is shorter.
you can contact me if you need led light,our factory specilize in purified fixture lamp proof light, T5 intelegrated light,T5/T8 tube light,odm/oem are welcomed,whatsapp:0086-13757352084, facebook:alicepan1964
👍😉. Thanks.
Can you post a link to where you bought the parts to replace your lights.
Just bought a two pack of LED tubes from costco and put them right in..... they worked like a charm!!   Not sure why the fuss over opening up the fixture and re-wiring things 🤪
I just bought 2 LED replacement bulbs from Walmart for $8.88 and you don’t have to do all that
Easier and safer method: place fluorescent lamp fixture in trash. Go to Lowe’s or Home Depot and purchase a new LED fixture.  Safer than screwing up the wiring and burning your home down!
Another 2 cents. For work get the higher Kelvin, closer to day light tubes. The bluer light makes details a bit sharper. Grandma might prefer the warmer light, it'll show fewer wrinkles.        And don't listen to anyone saying "Daylight fluorescent? those things are terrible!!" That person will be at least 50 years old. There used to be a 'daylight fluorescent' in the 50s and 60s (maybe earlier) that flickered and gave off a really ugly greenish light (not at all daylight).  It was supposed to be a cheap and efficient solution for lighting up passages and stairways. They noticeably flickered. If you've ever wondered what a migraine headache is like, find one of those old fixtures and spend an hour reading under it's light.     Daylight (the temperature of the sun's surface after it passes through our atmosphere) is 5500 degrees Kelvin and the best light to work under (so long as it isn't flickering), shows colors the best. (Yes I know our eyes adjust, but I can prove this). LEDs really are wonderful.
The double ended LEDs do raise an old electrical concern. One of the major problems with the old post and tube wiring, (besides bad insulation) is the separation between hot and cold wires.  You know the old story, the rat gnaws on the insulation of one wire while its tail sits on the bare wire of the other side. Circuit made, rat is electrocuted and then caught between the wires like a resister the corpse heats up, burns down the house... If that rat's ggggreatgrand-children gnaw on romex and makes a circuit, it'll be close enough to trip the breaker before catching fire.    In my long construction experience more than a few mechanical accidents have happened around live circuits, cutting the romex, or the wires, or the flex... big spark and the fuse blows or the breaker trips-- and no one dies and nothing burns down. There's an overall safety advantage to having the hot and cold lead right next to each other and the ground. Anything bad that happens is much less likely to travel far enough to put your heart in between. It's odd that in 2019 I've installed several LED 'fluorescents' , but never changed a bulb and never thought about how they're wired. Tonight I want to convert a really nice fluorescent fixture I've had for 25 years. Thanks for the video.  Answers all my questions.
Thank you!
Nice use of that Spanish sounding guitar after talking about tombstones.
Thanks this is exactly what I needed and it works
Unless the ballasts are cooked, what is an approximate "payback time" for this substitution?  Best guess: DECADES!
Two questions. How come you did not take the time to shorten the new wire for the LED tombstones? Second, how come you did not just push the hot and the neutral into their respective push-connectors instead of using a pigtail? if the wires were cleaned up it would have been really simple to identify these if you need to work/replace in the future. A good video just had these questions.
is there a flush mount hard wire led shop light with a pull chain switch
3:57, don't you mean you'll be replacing the shunted with non-shunted?  Sorry, I only saw your correction above now. :)
side cutting diagonals..
I recently converted 31 6 & 8 tube units. I did not need to change the tombstones. I used 5000K bulbs. The shop now is like working out side on a sunny day. A plus to LED is no or very little heat is generated, so in my shop with saw dust it’s a nice perk. From my days of wiring homes we did not bundle wires and tie them up because of heat build up we would let them just be loose. I do realize with LED there’s not much amp draw so probably not any heat buildup in your bundles but if it was for another heavier amp draw item it may make a difference. Nice video I’m sure it helps people that are wandering through the LED maze.
The person that did this video contradicted themselves regarding the tombstones.
thanks for giving a info in simple way great video
Can't you just cut the shunt?  Or is it built into the lamp-holder?
Very well explain!  Thanks!
That 1.1K disliked are the one's that are electricians and they don't want you to DIY  and taking away their businesses. LOL
Just some legal info... If you change the construction of a fluorescent fixture the fixture needs to be recertified in Canada. If it causes damage to a person or property you will be held liable. Plus, the tombstones are not rated for 15 amps, so this retrofit does not meet Canadian code.
I have a question.  Does a ballast uses energy even if the florecent tubes are not plugged on but the switch is on? Meaning: I have a few old florecent lights in a hallway but i didn't need as much light as they were originally providing,  so i just twisted the tubes out of their sockets.  Is the ballast still using anergy?
I have already changed mine to LEDS,  On some of the 4 light fixtures I changed the one end blub did not fit. I had to use the pin cap to wedge the cold end without the tombstone. Your presentation is the only one I found using the single ended LEDs.
Still no help which 'end plugs into hot barrina bulbs
I'm confused...I'm not sure if you are aware of it but you contradicted yourself at 3:57 in the video. You described the lamp holders that were already in the fixture and that you needed to replace as non-shunting when you previously (and later towards the end of the video) described them as shunting  lamp holders. You did state correctly in other parts of the video that the fixture in which you were replacing the lamp holders, require non-shunting lamp holders on the power end of the lamp.
With out reading all the comments below. I have q question. Can up put the new led tube lights on a dimmer?
Can yiu recommend a vendor for the bulbs?
Very good helpful video thanks
Thanks for this great info.
At the beginning, 4:03 in, you say to use shunted lamp holders, but later you say you have to use non shunted lamp holders. I know which is right. I just thought you shuold know.
Great job on the video. I learned a lot from this video .I work at a hardware store so it may come in handy
I watched the whole video, now I'm a certified LED technician. When do I get my diploma? LOL! Good video...thanks!
In Australia doing this is illegal.
If the new LED tubes are single ended, then I just need to replace the power end with an un-shunted tombstone receptacle, and just deadhead the old shunted one at the non powered end?   Can you confirm?
Take my advice. Just buy new LED fixtures with bulbs included.
What would happen if by mistake someone fitted a standard tube, (not LED ) after this change?
be careful... we are not allowed to install double ended ( pass through) LED tubes in OZ, they must be single ended. The reason is that when you are installing a pass through LED tube and you install the tube into the HOT end first you are likely to have the palm of your hand on the pins on the other end of the tube...zap.
Did three fluorescent lights today...took about 15-20minutes each. Thanks for the vid.
What this shows is correct for single ended led tubes. On thing that wasn’t mentioned is the tubes are only powered from one end. The tubes are labeled.
While Doing this , make sure tombstones are not shunted. Very very critical.  Either buy a new ones (non-shunted)  or open the assembly and cut the shunted part. LED need non-shunted connections for single ended power so you can connect Live and Neutral wire. Fluorescent need shunted While in contrast LED need non-shunted. Be very sure what you are doing. it looks too easy but not.
Have you considered that rebuilding or changing fluorescent fixtures to LED fixtures you are voiding the UL/CSA approvals. In some jurisdictions you need a permit and there are required items that have to be satisfied to get a permit and inspection. By the time this happens it would be less expensive to simply replace the fixture. Most if not all homeowners do not have the skill set or experience to do this change.
Yes turn off the breaker if the lights are hard wired. Not the ones that are just plugged in, da.
I will agree 48" LED tube are more efficient than a 48" florescent tube. But it depends on how many hours the light is actually operating. If you have a shop as where you have the lights on say, 8 hours a day 6 days a week, you will definitely realized a reduction in the electricity used per month. But if we're referring to 4 double tube fixtures in a garage that on a daily basis they're turned on 15 or 20 minutes per day, it is going to take years, to achieve pay back of switching from florescent tube to LED. It is common that the switch to LED is helpful because the LED in fact produces more light, to say brighter. Especially if your garage is not finished inside. I know for a fact that florescent tube last a long time. I built a 32 x 48 pole barn, and installed 14 double tube 48" fixtures in 2001. Never replaced a single tube until 2017. Used those light everyday for at least an hour a day. The real issue, in my opinion is how much LED functions when it's winter time in a non heated building. That's where the real difference happens. Florescent fixtures take a few minutes to warm up when it's really cold.
Fun ai
You can now purchase LED tubes that mount directly without changing anything in the fixture. They're $8 USD for a pair.
at 1:25 is correct , at 3:55 is WRONG !!!!!
thank you so much
Took you a while.. Full min to get started.. AGood after that
We got a led light for our kitchen flouresent. Lowes right. Supposed to be easy. First thing to do is throw away the chinese directions.  Then hook it up.
what abbout the use of left over blasts (chock)
Where did you buy the 3 on each side fixtures
Great explanation. My ? Is how do you know which LETs are single ended bulbs? The package doesn't say & manufacturer website doesn't give this information.
👍
In fact, LED works without ballast if you want to replace fluorescent. that's all. I am a 15 years experience man in LED. Ask me if you have more question.
WHAT ABOUT THE BALLAST?
as a maintenance man I cant begin to tell you on a room change out for bulbs how many ballsts I changed in twenty years for multistory buildings. my partner and I would take turns climbing the ladder when relamping a floor.I like the idea NO ballasts involved. Wiring by someone else caused havoc on some nonworking fixtures. I enjoy your knowledge on the show I subscribed to.       Verizon now retired.
Solid well done video, thanks for your time & solid method to teach, share.
should've done a single 4' frame,
I TOO MISSED THE PART ABOUT THE YELLOW WIRE. i SAW YOU ROLL UP THE RED WIRE AND TIE IT WITH A ZIP TIE. REAL CLEAN JOB. THIS IS MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE THAN REPLACING THE WHOLE FIXTURE AS ONE PERSON RECOMMENDED. GREAT VIDEO.
Outstanding tutorial. Well spoken, clearly stated and technical without being too difficult. Your bundling all the excess wire begs the question, "why not just cut off all the excess so that you don't have to bundle it"?
What manufacturers do you source for single end tubes?
Does this only work for T8s?
I have recessed fluorescent light fixture with 4 f32 lights, I cant just replace them with led light bulbs of same kind? I have to dismantle the whole thing and change the wiring and all that??
Can you explain WHY you shut off the power at the breaker?
Fantastic video well done this is the best one yet
I am not clear type number of led bulb
For get the led bulbs use the led stripes much better and easier to put up I use 4  led strip s more brighter
Thanks , good information seems complete to me. I’m currently changing complete fixtures. I’m changing from hardwired to plug and play. Seems easier and cheaper. Conversion would cost 3x the price.  Subscribing!
Hi, I’m curious that if the cfl gives out the same amount of light as the led at the same wattage rating why change.
Do the have these for 8 ft fixers ?
For future demonstrations please explain what about us does. For the people that are not like electricians thanks that would be awesome
Sorry Maybe advanced but you're too darn slow please think about that because I'm interested on your next video
This idea of updating existing fixtures from fluorescent to LED looks good on paper and I know there are a lot of people doing it but no matter what brand of LED tube you get you could wind up with an electrical arc at the point where the tube pins fit against the brass contacts in the fixture end tombstone.  I used to sell these LED tubes and have seen happen, in fact I had it happen in just the same conversion in my garage and these will get hot enough to melt the plastic ends on the LED tubes and left unchecked could even cause a fire.  The LEDs are great lights and do save money but my advice is to buy a dedicated LED fixture instead of doing this upgrade.
I recently bought LED tubes for the kitchen that work with a ballast, I wish I had seen this video first.  I have two florescent fixtures in the garage, in one the ballast died this week. I’m switch to direct wired LEDs as things die out. Thanks for the video.
Watsup with unplugging
Did I miss that part. Never said what to do with yellow wire..will you really ever revert back to fluorescent?
At home I just replace it with $10 LED sets from Walmart. Left old transformer in. Works fine. Plug and play.
thank you for the video. I have a question how to you convert a Fluorescent Torchiere lamp to LED? it uses 2 of those bulbs.
Awesome video. I’m going to be doing this for a friend, so now I know how. Your audio is also excellent. A lot of videos have poor audio. Thanks
If you use the ballast with LED's you defeated the purpose of replacing them. Ballast uses power therefore, 0 savings
You do know that they make and sell LED light tubes that fit in place of the fluorescent tubes with no modifications-required right?
Im upgrading incandescent bulbs in my workshop with fluo as we speak ;) (I got free fixtures, I only bought the electronic balasts)
For the cost of the bulbs and conversion you can just about buy a nice led fixture you can drop in and connect wires. Much easier quicker looks bettet and gives better light
Wound it be cheaper and easier to replace the fixture with an LED one? It would surely be faster.
Put in a "dummy starter" or "led starter" and the led bulb. No cutting of wires or ballast removal needed.
I was just curious but don't LED lights need to be attached to a transformer before it is attached to the ceiling?
Old style, just get tubes that have already been converted. You just need to replace the tubes, no ballast replacement.
Maybe a link to parts used
Nicely done!
Why would ne1 do sumthin stupid like that
Whatever you do do not cut the useless wires off, nor cut the others that are about 12 inches too long down to the correct length. Instead wad them up and cram the excess into the fixture.
I wouldn't do this The single most annoying problem with florescent tubes is those damn two prong connectors. You're buying LED light that lasts 20 years; why pair it with a two prong connector that would last 2 weeks ?  (they keep coming disconnected !) Switch florescent over to the screw in LED bulbs. Then anyone can replace the bulbs.
I hate ballasts.  I'll probably wait till they fail to bother changing, but I hates em.
Nice video instruction, thank you.  Is it possible to convert 8’ T12 fixtures?
Interesting video. However when I checked the cost at my local Home Depot of retrofitting like you did versus buying a new LED shop light the cost was the same ($18-$19 for a two bulb fixture). I am very comfortable with electrical work but if I am not saving anything why waste the time. Maybe in other areas the cost is different, I'm in Pennsylvania.
At the 7:42 mark, you mention connecting the pigtails to the electrical power via wire nuts.  However, with respect to the ground, you mentioned connecting it to "something" via a wire nut.  What was that "something?"  Thank you in advance.
That conversion is way more difficult than it needs to be
I have a locksmith shop and I just replaced the fluorecent lights for LED, I didn't change nothing  else and are working very good, saving 30% of my electricity bill, Do yo thing I'm  tanking a risk?
Need help we have letron flat pannel led and we are using lutron dimmer switch we don't understand where the negitive is for the wiring on the pannel side. We have l n red and ground
don't buy the new tombstones.  just jump the shunted ones.
Buy a new LED light! Dont do all that crap!
boy hes got  bad luck with ballasts ive had only one go bad in 20 years haha
I can't do all that !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Seriously >?????
It makes me shudder to think that my next home will be wired by someone taking wiring advice from a YouTube video.
Maybe you should just be more frugal with what light you need to use. LED lights are terrible for your eyes in the first place.
POP in replacement bulbs are available, but will produce about twice the light with same power.  For best efficiency a discrete diver can replace ballast, used to drive LED strips most efficiently. Avoid light tubes that use internal resistors to limit current without active electronics -- unless flicker is not a problem.  Some regions require these types of lights have power factor correction drivers to be technically legal.  Some can be dimmed, some even have remote controls.  Definitely upgrade to LED light for lights left on all the time.  Different brands vary in quality and efficiency.
Congrats, I think you have the best video on this subject  !!
ToolboxDIY     I live in Florida. My florescents only work when it gets cold, for Fl, meaning, around 50 degrees in the garage.  They barely glow on the ends most of the year.  I've always heard they usually don't like the cold, but that's not my case.  Mine don't have starters, just a ballast.   You ever heard of this situation? Thanks!
I just get to the back of the tombstone and clip the shunt; solder on new wire. If it were that much work that you do....I wouldn't even start.  I cut out the ballast and leave it mounted....If every wire to it is clipped....it doesn't make any difference whether it's up there or not.
My question is what socket brand are you using?
How do you know if  your Fluorescent light  burned out or if the ballest is burned out
ia there a reason i havent seen t5 replacement mentioned at all?
Fuck LED fuck florescent...give me the old school every time... Really starting to hate this kind of bulls shit. Someone designed the best bulb 100 years ago, your not going to make a better one give it up!
hi everyone. my existing fluorescent light fixture has a starter. can i just purchase this and fit it in without doing any wirecutting? someone online mentioned to remove the starter and leave everything else as it was and connect the new led bulb and it will work. thank you https://www.aliexpress.com/item/360-Degrees-Bright-LED-Tube-T8-Light-220v-240v-60cm-600mm-10w-LED-T8-Integrated-Driver/32812484429.html?spm=2114.search0104.3.104.26ea4954ylIpig&ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0,searchweb201602_4_10065_10068_319_10059_10884_317_10887_10696_100031_321_322_10084_453_10083_454_10103_10618_10307_538_537_536,searchweb201603_51,ppcSwitch_0&algo_expid=53895307-72ed-4fef-b6db-031eecd48743-14&algo_pvid=53895307-72ed-4fef-b6db-031eecd48743
Led tape strip conversion is better
My electricity bill is about 100$ a month with all the CFLs in my house. Not changing anything else in the house except for the light bulbs. I managed to save an average of $25-30 a month in my home. This is a 4 month average. I didn't tell the family anything. We used the same amount of light but got billed for way less each month.  I think it's worth it in the long run.
Waid a minud.   Some circuit diagrams and definitions are in order:  What's shunted vs non-shunted look like? What's a finished LED lamp fixture wiring look like?    You skirted around grounding:  THE GROUNDING WIRE IS GREEN and must always be connected to the fixture housing (the bare sheet metal).
Very good! Thank you.
Good afternoon, I like your video, I was wondering how much electricity do I save if I change to led from Florence lamp
Where can one buy the required hardware to convert
Holy fuck!! You like to talk.... Hush yo mouth ... toooooooo much talky talky
I just bought direct replacement light tube. and just plug in no wiring needed.
Very well done.  Brief, and straight to the point.  I will now be converting 6 of my 4-foot fluorescent fixtures to LED.  Thanks!
Well worth the conversion, my home is 100 percent LED for about 8 years, I have integrated Alexa and motion sensors (Insteon) when you walk into a room the light will come on for a pre etermined time  or on my steps I have the LED 35 ft light strip, no more turning on and off the lights, its a wonderful thing.
I am very technical but i don't  get your explanation..  But mine has a starter in it, should i remove it and the transformer? And make sure the "tubestones" are not shunted.. Well heck, i'll order some complete ones with armature from Ali.. ;))
I enjoyed this very informative video.  You explained it well and I understand lighting much better now.  Thanks for sharing.
those lamp holders are called tombstones
I finished whole warehouse & office with more than 60 pcs of new 4 ft led bulbs, some fixtures were 4x2 ft with 4 light bulbs non shunded & others were 4x2  shunted with skinny 3 bulbs ... the new led bulbs required both side connections. So my conclusion : after ballast cutted, shunted had a red to left with fuse & other side with 3 blue wire for neutral. so I connect the input hot wire to the left red & 3 blue neutral I plugged onto a 4 hole plastic plug with input neutral wire... done... for non shunted, I did the same...  3 different color wires on each side  plugged to 4 holes plugs with hot & neutral wires, cut & tape other 3 non use wires.   done.. all working beautifully.   The shunted fixtures fooled me, I opened the first cover & saw no balarst & did not check the 2nd cover which had ballast... so when I finished & 1 or 2 kept blinking, some were fine, then also blinking.... I was thinking what was going on ?.  at the end I opened 2nd cover & found the ballast.  I corrected my mistake & removed all ballast & all working perfect now.
no need to replace tombstones... use one of each wire on one side & plugged into 4 holes connector with  wires & also input wire.... do the same for opposite side..... quick & easy. on the ceiling conversion, I used a wire or rope to hold the middle & the lower part would fall down....now I can do it about 15 minutes  each......practice make perfect.
can you do this using TV BACKLIGHTING LED TUBES
I bought T-8 fluorescent fixtures for my garage about 2 years ago. Earlier this month, bought 2 LED tubes. Popped them into one of the fixtures and they work just fine. Must be comparable with solid state ballast.
Really? You needed needle nose pliers to use as a screwdriver?
A bulb is something you put in the ground and it will grow.  A lamp is something that gives light.
The easiest way to convert is to buy the Phillips LED and just plug them in. Forget about rewiring your fixture everything was don in the bulb.
I’m going to not amunuh Going to not gunnah
Excellent video Brother, you made it easy to understand...especially since I've never attempted this before, thanks...
OMG!!!  I just did it!!!  I LOVE it...thank you for such a detailed video! Woooohooo...Light again..:)
If my tombstones don't come with wiring, what gauge wire should I use to connect them?
you never reinstalled the ballast
Why didn't you twist the pigtails together with the hard wiring before installing the wire nuts? LOOSE CONNECTION possibility!!!
As an amateur electrician myself and this video is American? biased i find the terminology strange ie: tombstones, shunted & non shunted, hot wire etc.  but not the actual wiring which is straight forward having converted a uk 4ft fitting myself bringing the wattage down from circa 52 watts including gear loss and a quiet humming ballast to 16 watts and a brighter LED tube! Plus no switch start flashing to start.Gear left in place but not connected so fluro could still be used.Daylight (or cool white) tube chosen in my case - so much better, silent and brighter also cheaper to run!  I say a job very worthwhile doing!!
If "shunted" simply means that both pins are on one wire,  then there is NO reason to buy special "tombstones" because DUHH all one has to to do is connect the wires together or put a jumper in which most of the (99 out of 100)  will have spare stab ins  and you just strip a 3" piece of scrap ballast wire and stab in connecting both pins....IF that is what "shunted" means then what the hell?  You trying just to sell crap to people you know they dont need?????  Or is "shunted" mean something else??
the easy way is to go to home depot buy led tubes that work in your current fixture thats all i did and it worked perfectly just like i was replacing normal bulbs
On the install, I’d recommend connecting the ground wires first.
Or you could just play Russian Roulette If you are not an electrician don't do it. Also at today's rates it is cheaper to buy a new LED fitting There is also very little savings in changing out bog standard fluoro's unless you have a ton of them
Might also be good to mention that LED lights are extremely bad for your health. They are missing a very important wave length. Stick with clear glass Incandescent bulbs.
6 and 8 foot single pin per end bulbs are ONLY available in double ended style (60-80 watt equalivants )
Did you just wire in the lights to the supply power?
Good video, simple and easy to follow instructions and clarifications.
what constitutes a traditional fluorescent tube fixture, wouldn't the old magnetic ballasted T12 type fixture that has been around for 50 years or more be considered the most traditional fluorescent tube fixture of them all? Don't those old traditional T12 style fluorescent tube fixtures already use non-shunted lampholders/tombstones?
Thank you  sir
Chris, I have 8 foot hi output fixtures. I would like to retro to 4 foot led tubes single ended. As you know my fixtures do not have back to back tombstones in the middle. It does have a center ballast cover bracket that can be snapped in and out. My question is, are there tombstone brackets available that I can purchase to be able to utilize this fixture for my retro. A link as to where to buy them would be great if they are available. Thank you!
Just plug in a fucking LED tube - NO 'conversion' necessary.
As an electrician, I was shaking my head all the way through.
Why didn't you just "daisy chain" the sockets?  Then there would be one black and on white wire coming from the powered end of the socket assembly instead of that rat's nest?
For get the 1st comment you explained later the short on the shunt type.
Whats a non shunted lampholder compared with the ones you took off the fitting?
Excellent video. You can cut the long wires and it will be a neater look. Also after cutting the wires you can work with them easier. Thanks for the excellent video. I thoroughly enjoyed everything about the video.
You did not say the cost of changing a fixture over to LED.  I understand the LED are cheaper to burn.
Awesome video. I can now see things much better. My kitchen, garage and shed has a whole new look. Can wait to to convert the rest of me house lighting fixture to this technology.
great video direct and to the point  as i am going to replace my old fluorescent tubes and was wondering about the ballasts now thats is cleared up
Allot of pointless work.  Just buy led ligjting
this video suck you missed the most important part !!!!
Thank you for posting this. Nice video,  well explained.
There are much easier conversions that only require swamping out the fluorescent tube and starter with a replacement LED strip tube and a dummy starter, no wiring, no opening up covers takes between 30sec to 2-3min depending on if there is a diffuser fitted.
Great Video Man! Thanks for the Info!
So each of the new non shunted lamp Sockets will fit into an old fixture??
The power current in the UK is 240 Volts. Is this vid still relevant?
nice, thank you
I am replacing T12 with T12 LED BULBS.  Unfortunately Home Depot’s electrical pros screwed up royally so it has taken more than a week and I am still not done.
shit i connected my light fitting just as u showed us on you tube and i ve burnt ma house down    , i m actuallly using my mates laptop cause mines burnt in da fire so what was your address as my lawyer wishes to see u and have a chat   and then him and u can go to you tubes head office for an expensive chat    thx
my first decision i d have to make would be who do i sue when i burn my house down
Great thanks
So from this am I to understand that simply removing the ballast and getting the right end connectors installed - that a LED light will work simply by attaching it to 120v power leads to the connector wire?  I didn't know LED lights worked that way for house wiring.  My interest - we have a washer/dryer room that currently has a dual 24-inch flourescent fixture and one of the lights has burnt out, so there's room to upgrade to LED if possible.  I did try just going and buying LED lights to relplace, but they would turn on momentarily then remain off for a bit....turn on momentarily, then turn off.  I wasn't sure what I had done wrong but figured the LED's were stressing the ballasts intended for fluorescent.
Very very informative . Nice one bud
4:25 WTG .. The TOOL - (holding the pliers) is abusing / USING .. the totally WRONG TOOL Those small long-nose pliers are NOT for that job, whereas a set of slip-jaw pliers are the perfect answer, as the jaws can be 'opened" to a wider aperture, to press BOTH tabs in at the exact same time, (instead the TOOL showed how it's easier to place one's fingers in the way of a possible injury - should the wrong tool have (itself) slipped.!!!
LED lamps made to be installed in a fixture as direct replacements require that the ballast be an instant start of solid state type for maximum lamp life and performance.  Older fixtures, especially shop lights usually have rapid start ballasts, which are different.  Very old fixtures have starters, small metal cans and that are visible and removable through the reflector by twisting.   Check the flourescent tube that you plan to replace for color temperature type.  BTW, this video may become moot.  Unless you have a built in or decorative fixture, it is rapidly becoming less expensive to purchase a new LED tubes fixture complete with lamps than to buy a conversion kit.
Nice!
At abt 8 min by reinstalling the Lamp u said connect white to white and black to black and ground to ground. But i only see a green, yellow and red cable there. Is that a old color scheme ?
In alL the years of being an electrician I never hear the fluorescent sockets called "TOMBSTONES". I can see why they could be called that. it just never crossed me before. I have been replacing all my 40ws with ribbon LEDs. I have collected a lot of 12v supplies. I run the ribbon around the  inter edge of the reflector. The ribbons are self sticking. I do use hot glue to reinforce. I like Fluorescents until they all come from China. I had to many start flickering very soon after replacement.  The ribbon LEDs are made in 3 LEDs per segment. I have seen a segment go out but that is really unnoticed.
Great idea but I think you ought to mention that one should check with your local regulations re the colour coding of wires and indeed if you are allowed to do this in your locales. I know out here in Australia we are not allowed to do this sort of work it must be a qualified electrician though I can see it is an easy thing that I could do but would rather get done by a tradesman to save myself a huge fine.
Thanks you, great video.
where can you buy the non-shunted tombstones?
as a maint. man for H.U.D. for 20 years , I have done this many times and still find useful tips in watching these vids regardless if they are directed to the novice. Sometime they will show a cool retrofit or new tool or hardware that I have not seen before . It's all good . you are never done learning . Lighten up !
Very simple, just buy LED fixture.
You can use those LED bulbs straight out from the box without rewiring the lamp and without disconnecting the ballast. We used those led bulbs different ways, with an ballast and straight powered to the socket. We found out that if you use the ballast method that the brightness will vary from ballast to ballast even though the same brand /kind is/was used. Rewiring and putting power straight on the sockets will give you the same light output from lamp to lamp. We started out 2 years ago with different locations from cold to hot environment and so far so good with no bad bulb yet.
Dumb arse home handyman trying to tell other non-electrician handymen how to do electrical work. Good on you dimwit. Haven't you heard electricity kills people ~ be smart only use a licenced electrician.
I just bought LED replacement bulbs 4' for about 8$ each (after  tax) less lumens than fluorescent but seem brighter and use less watts
I am looking for a converter for my analogue TV to change it into a digital TV. Any advice from you will be appreciated. Thank you
I'm an electronic tech and a 70's to 90's large systems computer hardware tech. Also know leds. This video leaves me sort of confused like something is left out . It could result in an unwanted or dangerous result without some knowledge in these areas with what was shown.
Why don't you just go out and buy a new fixture I don't understand why you fixing it why you changing it do you really save that much money
Congratulations, you just did the opposite of what you claimed.  LED light tubes typically over-rate their lumens and unless a very high end product, not only are not more energy efficient, but also produce less light and are higher maintenance (again if not high end well designed units) because they typically fail in a shorter amount of time than a T8 tube does, and cost more to replace too.  Odds are that you spent more money, saved nothing over the life of the fixtures.
Not a good idea to bunch wires tight with a zip tie because of the possibility of overheating and fire.
By the time you buy the LED lamp and the connectors, you could probably buy an entire new fixture on sale.  Also, I've not had any problem buying LED bulbs that swap out existing fixtures, so no need for all the rewiring.
Why would you not cut all that extra wire off is very puzzling? Are you expecting a zombie apocalypse and you might have to revert to fluorescent? Looks like 10 pounds of crap in a 5 pound bag.
they are diagonal cutters, not side cutters...
Informative. I am not sure using the term "shorted" is correct to describe a bridge. I short would be if both sides of circuit were connected to kill the "flow" of current.
I'm quite sure, but will mention regardless, that 'ambient' temperature has no bearing on the usage  location.  Florescent lighting does however require consideration of the aforementioned. If you are interested, here is a 'site'......http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/programs/nlpip/lightingAnswers/HWCFL/HWCFL-thermal-performance3.asp
travail propre excelent bravo
I wish I saw this video 3 years ago. I had shop fluorescent  fixtures. I wanted to rewire them but I was to nervous because there was not enough information on how to do it. Instead I did what I know how to wire. I put 12 incandescent fixtures in with LED incandescent bulb type that just screw in. I think I paid a lot more for installing the old fixtures plus LED type that screws in.
It's a waste of time converting to LED when you can buy the whole fixture fairly cheap.
I have seen a LOT of vids explaining various thing. YOUR'S sir has to be the MOST simple and Direct instructional vid to date. No stories about how Aunt Hilda stubbed her toe because of bad light or the time you and a friend made your dog Bark at the light. I like that..when I look for an Instructional Vid I want Instruction and NOT Stories of relatives no one ever heard of..thanks for being so Direct. Be safe and have a Great Week.
You don't need to do any of that. They sell LED fluorescent bulbs that are compatible with older ballast type fixtures. Just change out the bulbs. I did it in my kitchen and garage. It took 5 minutes and worked great. Lots more light and only 17 watts. Don't make work for yourself. These are what you need.    https://www.homedepot.com/p/Feit-Electric-4-ft-T8-T12-17-Watt-Cool-White-Linear-LED-Light-Bulb-T48-841-LED-RP/206036836
what happened to the BALLAST?
Thanks for the tip.
Thank you for this very informative, clear and concisely explained video. you saved me the task and time, of having to Google for the product terminology and part names. Trolls simply watch to critique with out a clue. even a savings of 20% is good let alone at 50% for some to say only; wow.
interesting... but can it sustain high current required if we your larger wattage led ?
Bunch of wires... Diagram?
Will this work for a larger flourescent bulb, like an old 4' (2 bulb)shop light?
Normally at our places, we just remove the fluorescent light starter/bulb and replace it with a single-ended led tube. It cost US7.76 for a super bright led tube and come with a one year warranty.
nice.....one of my first jobs (as a non-electrician) as a non- pro lighting "dude" in a fairly large warehouse like environment...is going to be; making the existing high bay fluorescent lighting...more modern for rebuilding small "motors and such".  I need videos like this to proceed....thanks.
THX FOR VERY DETAIL VIDEO
Well done!  I ordered  some replacement lamps today.
I have already successfully replaced many Fluorescent tubes with LED tubes, and I have always followed the schematic which you can find here: http://www.snc-lighting.com/imageRepository/d18b93eb-34d8-4052-99b7-f74cdf6d28a6.jpg. I prefer that kind of connection for two very good reasons: it's SAFE and it's REVERSIBLE: Safe because even if you connect the LED on the other side, it will still work perfectly (no risk of shorts); Reversible because in case in the future you want to go back to fluorescent you just connect again the ballast and put back the "real" starter instead of the "fake" LED "starter". I do not remove the old ballast from the lamp, I just disconnect it.  I haven't seen LED tubes REQUIRING the ballast, but the ones which I am using can work also without removing it, but since 1 -ballast can fail 2 -ballast eats energy; for me it's wise to disconnect it always, but some say if you want to keep full backward compatibility you should leave the ballast in place. My advice is to disconnect it, and mark on the lamp "ballast disconnected" ore "converted to LED". I use LED tubes which are powered only on one side.  As somebody suggested, ALWAYS keep the receipts, because LED tubes sometimes fail, and if they fail, it's much sooner of what is the warranty (in my case LED tubes have 3 years warranty, and my failed LED tubes failed in the first few weeks).  In my small experience I had to change 3 failed LED tubes, over a total of 6 installed and running every night, and I started replacing them 3 years ago (so the first ones are almost out of warranty, and still working perfectly, every night, and no noticeable loss of brightness).  Even if it seems that the saving (in terms of power) is small, in reality the power eaten by a conventional fluorescent tube is almost double of the rated power, because the electromagnetic ballast eats almost the same amount of power as the tube itself: eg. an 18W fluorescent tube will cost on your electric bill probably approximately 30W.  The LED equivalent for and 18W fluorescent is rated for 10W, so it's almost half of the rated power of the fluorescent, and almost a third of the real consumption of the fluorescent with an electromagnetic ballast. Electronic ballasts are much more efficient, so the saving in terms of power is smaller, but still (if the LED tube doesn't fail prematurely, but for this you must keep your receipts) it makes sense to replace the fluorescent with an LED tube because it lasts much longer.  Personally I always keep one LED tube on stock at home, and when one fluorescent tube fails, I replace it with the LED. Before starting the switch to LED, I consumed all my (small) stock of fluorescent tubes, simply because I hate throwing in the bin something which is still working.   Another hint: if you don't plan to replace all your lamps at once, but you do like me, one by one, start replacing the tubes in the lights which are on for more hours, then the ones which turn on and off more frequently, and in the end all the rest. In this way you'll notice the saving on your bill much faster, and the saving on earlier bills will give you money for the next LED tubes ;)  HTH!
Your video and clear instruction was very helpful for my conversion of fluorescent to LED.  Thank you!
I'm subscriber 8000, nice milestone, well done and nice video, it will take me a while to get through the rest.
I changed all of my fluorescents to LEDs without needing to do all of that. Maybe the newer LEDs are different now.
this video is a lot more informative than others out there. Thank you.. I won't burn my house down following this information/tutorial.
Do the LED light have a strobing effect?
Nice video.  Certainly a little complicated.  I have 12 - 8' double tube fixtures in my garage/shop (110w/each tube) and I am probably going to simply take them down and install a bunch of very inexpensive keyless fixtures (bare bulb) with daylight flood style LED bulbs.  Stringing as many as I want together with Romex on the ceiling.  They'll be brighter, more efficient and safer since they're plastic.
With the ballasts removed, will T8 LEDs work well in T12 fixtures? What I've read suggests that it will more-or-less work... but it may "hum" and the bulb lifespan may be shorter. No mention of whether that's with the ballast removed/bypassed, though. Thoughts?
Very informative. I will be doing some of these conversions in the near future. In fact I will be able to buy some 4 foot fluorescent fixtures for almost nothing and convert them. Thanks for good video. Gregg, Wilmington Delaware
This is far too much work on a bench, ridiculous for installed fixtures.
This guy is as bad as the government take something simple and complicate it.
Quality video.
Now JB Dragon your getting abusive with your comments its obvious we are talk about doing conversions that people do in their homes where it is more likely home body will do it them self. They are not going to remove the tubes like you do and will not put labels on the fixture like you do. Where I am from modding a fixture requires a licensed electrician and proper certification of the modded fixture from an electrical safety authority. To you I am the dumb person or maybe  your ignorance blinds you to the fact people are watching this video on YouTube and think their are no risks after they do the conversion. I speak with more then 35 years of experience in the electrical trade doing work in industrial, commercial and residential field and yes also doing conversions. I seen people get hurt from electricity have you. Their is need for you  to respond to this comment JB, I have met a lot of people like you !?
Ummm .... if you have the time and inclination and the necessary knowledge, a video about converting battery operated, four AA batteries, miniature led christmas lights so that they can be plugged into the wall socket would be my request:}
Thanks for the video ... where can I buy the single ended LED tubes and all of the electrical connectors etc ... great job from my perspective since I have become firmly camped out in the DIY party.
Just go buy a LED light
Think you better go find out what Kelvins are Boy, they have nothing to do with light !!
I understand you misspoke and said shunted instead of non-shunted, but this is such a huge error that you should really reshoot this portion of the video and take this one down.  This error could be dangerous and result in a direct short if someone follows this wrong instruction.
What about the NEC on quick connect plugs for the power. It keeps from getting zappes
i have a few old florescent fixtures that i am going to have to replace.... i live in the its effin cold, below zero belt,  in the great white north and florescent fixtures needs either time or temp (a shop heater so they work), i am guessing the led lights need no time to warm up...
What a complicated procedure.     Many I have converted simply by removing the old flourescent tube, then remove the small "Starter" then put the LED tube in and that is all that is required.      OK, if you bypass the Ballast, you can save a tiny bit more power, but a ballast should not fail when only carrying a much smaller current than they are made for.
very informative, thank you for the video
Well done video.  Clear and easy to follow.  I learned something today - that there's a shunted tombstone connector.  What I'm curious about is whether there are ALWAYS shunted tombstones on both ends or if they are typically just on one end.  Reason for asking is because I've replaced ballast too.  I recall seeing two wires on one end and just one wire on the other.  Are both types shunted? Or just the one end with the single wire as you show in your video?  If only one is shunted then one could (or should be able to) use one existing tombstone.  What say you ? ? ?
This is North American wiring
How come I get static  in my radio from LED bulbs what's my problem
There is a much easier way to do it, find the right tube in the Philips wizard and switch to LED tubes without removing the luminaire and without changing the wires.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww-Gu5HTLxo       use if necessary this guidehttps://www.lyskilderdirekte.dk/led-paerer/led-lysstofror
Lmao! You may need a flat head depending on how your ballast is installed!
Very informative. Subbed and liked. I just installed 4 LED "fluorescents" in my kitchen. These required electronic ballasts and even though that is what I had, two would not light up the LEDs. So I replaced them and all is working. I wish I had seen this video sooner and I would have eliminated the ballasts all together, though I don't recall seeing the single ended bulbs for sale. I have many noisy fixtures in the basement and they will be converted to ballast free single ended bulbs if I can find them. Thanks,
Flathead means that the top of the screw head is flat (as opposed to round, oval or some other shape) as viewed from the side. I am sure you meant slotted, which refers to the driving means. Picky, picky me.
So the LED tubes need shunted or non-shunted tombstones? 3.57 says shunted needed and 8.27 says non-shunted.
As mentioned in a post, bulbs with or separate drivers?. I have a commercial building where the lights stay on 24-7 so looking to save energy cost.
Don"t do illegal electrical work FFS
I needed to watch because I have a mounted kitchen light that is fluorescent and the ballasts failed. Therefore, decided to change it over to LED istead of replacing ballasts..specially since the lumens on LEDs is so much brighter than fluorescent. I love my 4 ft kitchen fixture and can't find a replacemet....and the LED fixtures I've seen to match are hundreds of dollars. So this is worth it to me. Thanks.
Why don’t these people making the videos use industry standard terminology... it’s not Hot it’s Line!!!  And it’s not Neutral either it’s Common...
So, the Led tubes have the power supply built in so that they can run directly from the AC power? Or did I miss something?
This is not easy by any metric, just purchase a new fixture.
When tucking away the un un used wires (red) I see a yellow wire? you don't mention a damn thing about it? every video that skips something makes it confusing, and being this is working with DANGER!!! you need to correct edit or take this video down.  you don't mention what side of the bulb goes where? isn't there a hot side to the bulb? Worthless video and may be a danger to anyone taking partial instructions from this.....
2 things to add. 1, eliminate the extra wire on the new tombstones by trimming them down to 6" and then connecting them. To test the shunted to non-shunted tombstones, use the diode check feature on the meter. This feature will give an audible tone to show it is a shorted connection from point to point. If possible, choose an LED system with an external driver circuit for quicker and easier replacement upon failure. Most driver circuits are only putting out 5v to 9v DC@ 2 amps. Just some info from an electronics tech of 30 years.
very professional easy to understand instructions!
That was an excellent presentation.  It was well planed, smooth, and thorough.  I have only one nit pick.  The term "bulb" refers to the shape.  If something is shaped roughly like a flower bulb, it is a bulb.  Fluorescent tubes are not bulbs.  My house was completed in 2009 and designed for indirect lighting.  Originally it had concealed fluorescent tube fixtures, plugged in instead of hard wired in to facilitate making repairs.  In several rooms I have replaced them with adhesive backed LED strip lights.  I stuck the LED strips to 1" angle aluminum.  It is necessary to use proper drivers for the LED strips, either 12V or 24V depending on the voltage requirements for the LED strips.  I recommend 24V strips and drivers because they permit stringing the strips without excessive voltage drop.  Standard dimmers may work for magnetic transformer drivers, but there is no guarantee.  Flicker may occur with dimmers.  If so, step type ceiling fan speed controls may be used for dimming.  The advantage of using adhesive backed LED strips is that it is possible to get the length exactly right.
When switching to LED you don't need to use the ballast anymore am I correct?
It takes a heap of homing to make a pigeon toed.
Does the tube lights up even we switch the polarity?
Fine video instruction  -   BUT! at 3:45 in the video you instruct viewers to replace the Non-Shunted with Shunted Tombstones. Then at 10:00 in the video you instruct you viewers must replace the Shunted Tombstones to Non-Shunted - a complete revseral of your previous instructions. I believe you must have miss spoke at 3:45, and you should have instructed to replace existing tombstones with “NON-SHUNTED” holders (separated hot and neutral wires,one on either side of the holder). Correct????
5 Ohms on a short shunt!!!!! must be a multi-meter precision problem.
Thanks
I really appreciate your YouTube channel there I never knew that you didn't have to have a ballast when you change in that has something new and I like those connectors I've never seen this before special up here in the plateau in Tennessee gets a little behind in X guess I have a new project
Technically why there is a need to short the magnetic ballast when converting to LED Fluorescent lamp
I think you can safely remove the word "easily" from your headline.  Removing an entire fixture from your ceiling is sufficiently intimidating to most people to either hire it done or forget it.
I have some light fixtures that don't work . They didn't work right out of box , for me this is worth a try.
I installed a new 24" fluorescent F20T12CW undercounter lamp fixture in my kitchen about a year ago.  The bulb draws 20 watts of power.  I checked on a LED tube to replace the older style fluorescent bulb and found it draws 16 watts of power.  For a savings of 4 watts, it's hardly worth the effort or cost effective to replace the 24" fluorescent lamp.  The lamp assembly cost $30 to begin with, and at a savings of only 4 watts, not worth replacing.  That said, I've replaced all my incandescent bulbs with LED's all over the house and in the front and back entryways outside.  At a cost of $.95 for each LED bulb (subsidized by the government) it was indeed cost effective:  equivalent 40, 60, 75 & 100 watt replacement (in Lumens) LED's draw 6, 9, 11 & 15 watts respectively.  Now THAT is a savings I can see over time on my electric bill.  But replacing a year old 24" fluorescent fixture with a LED to save 4 watts?  Forget it.
Would have been nice to have links to the parts used don't ya think? I just clicked ont he link below for a the $20 fixture. cheaper to and takes less time.
If the FL tube bases are shunted, how do they start with no preheat?
Blow it out your fluoro hole, whats the point? Use L.E.D. incandescent replacements.. wire a readily available medium base socket in place of the fluorescent, screw in a L.E.D. spot, or flood, or A 19 you choose the color(kelvin) DONE.. $8.00
Very good and very clear i must said everything is very simple thank you
Here in the UK older fittings using a passive ballast and a glow-starter are very common. Single-ended tubes are supplied with a starter that has a 2A fuse in it, so there's nothing to do except replace the old starter with the new one and plug in the tube. 30-second job! For double-end tubes the starter is simply removed and the tube installed. The power is running through the ballast, but the current is low and the power loss pretty small. LEDs still end up taking half the power of the equivalent fluorescent tube. Mine haven't faded at all in two years, unlike standard tubes which steadily fade and also flicker.
Too much talking. If a person needs such basic information, they should not and likely are not doing these retrofits. Either you ARE a person who can do this, or you are NOT.
"now with my shameless plug out of the way"  me: "if you don't ask, you don't get and at least you agree that it's a shamless thing to do" I am going to watch more of your videos, because in my country this is illegal for me to do, but hey, no law against making a toolbox or some other fun project... and yes 90% of permanent fixture renovation things are illegal when done by someone unlicensed
WOW! Great info and demo. Thanks so much.
thank you
That orange bit you cut off is 1/2 of the REQUIRED  disconnect by NEC.
what about temperature
Very useful, thank you.
Great video. Thanks!
Why would I bother going through all this hassle? Instead of $14 for two LED tubes, I not only have to spend money on new equipment, but I have to burn up a precious day off to do electrical work that I don't do. Screw that, I'll stick to the florescents and just keep repacking them every six to eight months.
Keep it short and sweet.  To much talking to no action
Too much talking... dont u think anyone attempting this know what a tools to use by viewing... waste of data.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge. You did great job of explaining.  Very easy to understand.
I'am a professional electrician and i do recommend single ended led  lamps cause are lot of easy to fix them, by the way rarely seen shunted lamp holders  unless  they are electronic ballast driven. ( wired ballasts or choke coils are more common in my country since they more reliable and long lasting)
Not sure how I got here but, that's a very dangerous video. let's hope you don't kill off too many of your subscribers, NO TESTING AT ALL, no 1 Amp fuse in the fitting, no markings to show which is the live end or even mentioning that putting the lamps in end for end will result in a big bang; and the one I like most, no label to warn anyone that you have removed the ballast so if they happen to put in a normal fluorescent lamp it will blow up in their face!  But at least you went to all the trouble of replacing the old ballast screw that will never be used again.
As a 46 year Master Electrician, who put this would do what this guy states. Push in connectors are bad! All this work when it is better to just by new and sell the old fixtures. BAD VIDEO!!!!!
Thank you Sir, you've been helpful. Keep up the good work
why can not we say hot and cold wires, rather than try to make live difficult it was label hot and neutral.  Our forefathers are terrible and wanted to control everything.   Why not delete the word hot and use Current In and Current Out or something easier.   Why in earth everything have a vocabulary of its own.  But who am i to change the electrical code and challenge the vocabulary of International Building Code.
Fluorescent tubes will eventually become very expensive to dispose of.  TV's with picture tubes and crt screens have already become expensive to dispose of. And it's not rocket science how to cheat on the disposal of these items. But I am only talking to responsible adults. So, no need for boys to try to prove how smart they are here.
Great video!
And, this was a very good video! Thank you!
Only a shame, that led-tubes are as expensive as a full led-fixture. The big difference is that the fixtures will hold their brightness, while tubes will burn out due to (over-)heating. Also the promised lifetime of 50000 hour will be 10000. The amount tubes i have replaced by fixtures is huge.
painfull
I have never thought every American is a putz,but there are a lot of people who would not wire up anything electrical to save there life and in Australia you will get a heavy fine for doing so as if you make any mistakes the live can travel to the earthing circuit and electrocute others and i have personally seen this in two cases so as for ballasts i have not seen one burn out in 40 years so it seems for a few extra 4 watts it is better still use the ballast and let other people get these led's in there lights with litle fuss but you never said anything about there options like Missouri wind and solar,secondly I have worked on major projects all over the world with Americans and i love working with them especially on drag lines for Bucirius erie 4000 ton drags
This is great and neat
Might be a good idea to mention how incredibly sharp the edges of sheet metal light fixtures are. Everybody does things different, but using the internal wiring to bundle itself makes for easier troubleshooting if required. And I would always use wirenuts for wire connection. I just don't trust those "push and pray" gizmos. At least I worried about that kind of stuff before I retired ;-)
Thats easy remove the starter
I've been converting all my lights to LED. At first it was cost prohibitive, but now it's affordable. I love the longevity.
Gee you make this so hard , why not get led equal to the ballast ? I just installed over 500 in office bldg never did This way
HOT?????
Terms, such as "tomb stone" should be avoided.
Thanks for the video.  I have four pairs of lights I need to upgrade in my kitchen.  You make it sound easy and I am confident you are correct with your guidance.
Stupid and dangerous. If you waste your time and money making such a light fixture you will be spending more money that it costs to buy a UL Listed & Labeled Light Fixture. If you put such a DIY do-it-yourself-wrong light fixture in a residence then you care nothing for the health and safety of your family. If you have such fixtures installed, then please invite your home owner's insurance agent over and ask if your insurance will be valid for house fire damage. If you have such fixtures installed, then please invite your city's electrical inspector over and ask him to condemn your house.
Good video
if it was that easy the video wouldnt be thirteen mins long
Many thanks ,
It would have helped if you had said: In the living room use 'this' -- in the bedroom use 'this' -- in hallways use 'this' -- in the basement use 'this' (Lumens)
I've been encouraging my corporate customers to do this for decades. Basically since these tubes became available. For those that balk at the capital outlay of a full conversion (especially in areas without green incentives on them) I tell them to simply convert a fixture each time a ballast inevitably fails.
The problem I had with the LED tubes was that I couldn't find any that were anywhere near as bright as the fluorescent tubes.
well all i can say is in Australia all our flouro's have starters on 240v and i have never seen flouro's without starters
My magnetic lights are installed in 90 seconds in a 2x4 troffer. Mine are very safe and UL rated for any installation. UL released a bulletin about your type lights and if installed incorrect will void the rating and if the building burns down your insurance will not cover it. Ours have a failure rate of less than 1 percent. We have the highest lumens per watt. Good video presentation though.
In an LED light, the driver is the first to fail, for this reason buy LED  with separate driver. Best option.
Or just buy new fixtures for less than $20, take down the old fixtures, put up new fixtures and you're done. Sell the old fixtures at your garage sale while they're still worth $5 each and the new fixtures now only cost $15 each! https://www.menards.com/main/lighting-ceiling-fans/indoor-lighting/strips-shop-lights/smart-electrician-white-3300-lumen-led-shop-light/p-1444423574927.htm
Good video, but you need to advise people if they're susceptible to migranes or other headaches not to change the system. I have to be careful when around LED lighting because my eyes are sensitive to light and causes me to have headaches. I know some who have migraines that have problems with LED lighting.
Pretty good video. I do have one complaint. When you first talk about materials, you called the new tombstone a Non-shunted end. Later ,when installing it in the holder you specified that it be a SHUNTED tombstone. What gives? Being electro-ignorant, I don't know shunted from  rabbits, so I'm ignorant of that about which you speak. HELP
just buy the light that replaces the Fluore and stick it in....
Very well presented and most informative. Thank You.
This was an very good class on how to convert over from Florescent to LED! You made it look so easy to the average home owner do it yourself guy or gal!! Thx for posting your informative video!!😋
So why over complicate the flouro so electricians can get extra work for nothing when all is needed is take out the starter.you do not need a dumy starter or anything else ,so call me a putz or what you want there are gulible peoplee all over the world and putzes like those over in the states don't have a brain to bless themselves with if you believe that crap.
Or just buy LED bulbs ?
save your receipts so when these things fail before their stated lifetime, you can return them.  LEDs have voltage regulator and voltage converters in them and these electronic parts fail an enormous amount of the time.  When LEDs fail, it can be the very cheap electronics or just 1 LED which is causing the others to fail simply because they are connected in series.  There are many videos about failed LEDs.  The tubes are even more expensive than the bulbs so save your receipts so you can get free replacements.  You are trying to save electricity so return on your investment in LEDs is going to be at a lose if you don't return failed LEDs for a refund.  The savings is over a great amount of time and that means the longer you have the original LED purchased, the greater your savings.
Fuck it!   At 21 freaking bucks  a bulb!    Your  kidding me rite?
Very good presentation, clear, well spoken!
Great vid. Especially those push connectors you used. Where can I get them? Thanks...
this is so unfair to the people that cannot do the wiring as all you need to do is remove the starter and it will fire up and work imediately,no need to even open the flouro.try that. Hook out
I have replaced fluorescent tubes with two different LED tubes in our house. One required rewiring to eliminate the ballast., the other just plugged in with no modifications. Obviously the ballast draws power so it is good to eliminate it.  In both cases the LED bulbs are performing perfectly. The come on instantly, don't flicker, are brighter than the bulbs they replaced, and none has failed after a year.
Replacing fluorescent bulbs with LED is only about 50% more energy efficient, depending on what type of fluorescent bulbs you have. The mail reason I converted was because of the noise the ballasts make. Late at night it drove me crazy. Also, in a cold basement or garage, fluorescent bulbs may flicker until warmed up. LED's won't do that. Note: some (not all) LED bulbs are not instant on and may take a second or two to light up. This may take a little while getting used to. I don't recommend doing the conversion unless you have basic electrical wiring knowledge and skills. You'll want to look for 4000K color temperature LED's to achieve the same exact color as fluorescents.
Why did you save all that wire? Just cut it off ?
Watch those old ballasts, any black stuff coming out of them is wicked stuff!
Great video, but, At 3:59 in the video ,  you said "replace the non shunted with shunted lamp holders"  I think you need to correct that. Because it should be the opposite....  Also,  in my case the old tombstones where non-shunted, so I did not need to replace them. Perhaps you could  explain how to determine what you have. Thanks
You need to bond your ground to the fixture.
I appreciate this video sir. Thank you. Mistake or no mistake. You covered your arse on this one.  Soon farward...
Where did you find multi wire snap together connectors?
Bulbs grow in the groud. Lamps emit light
question: my case where the fluorescent tube fit have a starter switch (small tubular thing) do i remove those ?
To keep the fixture UL approved,  I strongly recommend using a LED lighting system using a external driver.  See Titan LED for example.
Thanks so much. That explained the issue perfectly.
around minute 3:55, you talk about replacing the non-shunted wire holders with shunted wire holders. Isn't it the other way around? I believe minute 11:47 has it right, so I understand the concept. Very informative video. Thanks for the info.
LED cost 5x more and after 6 months are so dim due to LED burn out , I'm keeping Fluro tubes in the workshop. .   Like all new stuff on the market that hasn't been proved. What they don' t tell you is the consumer LEDS are schite compared to the commercial but who can afford them. Nice video though, so thumbs up for that.
Hello nice video. But one thing you forgot is. Which end is for the power side and which end is non powered. I got some bulbs that had no marking for live or neutral mains power. And didn't say which end is the dummy end for holding. But again very nice video.
I have two eight foot light fixtures wired together.  Obviously the single shunted would not work, because it wouldn't carry the power to the second light fixture.  Could this be accomplished by coming off the pig tails?
excellent vid -- thank you.
I recently converted my fixture to the LED tubes before I saw this.  I never knew  LED tubes they came in single ended. The local hardwares store by me only had the double ended tubes. I decided to keep the ballast in place in case I decided to go back to fluorescent tubes.  There have been complaints about LED's not lasting very  long. Also with mine I had the non shunted tombstones and I had to make them shunted in order to make my LED tubes work. Thank you for putting this video out, but people should do there home work before taking on this retro fit.  One important thing to note is to make sure your ballast is compatible, mine wasn't.  Best to call the manufacturer of the LED tubes to find out for sure.  The people at my local hardware store didn't have a clue as to what ballast to use.
