Good vid, but the colour grading is quite gross
I was really looking forward to seeing the inside but found it quite drab and suburban. I think some floor to ceiling windows on the view side would have opened up the oppressive looking spaces. Beautiful location, and the deck is great. Interior was very bulky.
I've been working backwards on your channel Bryce, doing a catch up but tonight decided to go straight to the start, so much has changed.. you to start with, you have certainly bulked up (in a nice way)  and your handshake was so gentle in this episode.. now you just about rip their arms off LOL.. did I hear the lady say $120K?? looking at how the rents and house prices have skyrocketed in 2023/24 she would now be laughing all the way to the bank... love this home, especially the outside area. I wouldn't be surprised if she isn't actually designing and selling Tiny Homes now, she certainly knows the in's and out's of space saving etc...I wish her well... and thanks Bryce & Rassa for your awesome channel...
This is dopest tiny house ive ever seen
A special home indeed and super safe security/fire/flood and probably earthquake wise too. Love the blue. I could live in a home like that and I love the outdoor space.. the only thing missing is a couple of pets.
The blue outside is beautiful. As are many elements here. But that outdoor space just knocks it out of the ballpark!!👍🏻 🐾🌈☮️🇨🇦
your pecs and biceps look much thiccer these days 😉
❤️❤️❤️
I loved se all video, las night wha het en my living room and and i canot put like the videos, but a love all videos 👌🏻
Beautiful 💕💕💕
Outstanding job on your home! Gives me motivation to start looking into something like this
That all season deck is a game changer. It's literally a center room that makes the house feels three times bigger. Genius design.
This is perfect this is exactly what I need to put in the backyard because she's got that room that's in office that is a walk-in closet in my opinion and I could literally hang clothing racks on the wall and put the rolling racks in that room and turn that into a giant walk-in closet this is exactly the right size for the backyard I wouldn't even need the deck the deck is just extra I mean but if you took the deck off and you just had that part that house section like the kitchen is perfect that is exactly the size of kitchen I expect to see in a tiny home
$84,000 (US)
“AND ANOTHA ONE” - her, re: the extra beds in this house
I love the roomy design and porch that could be a great indoor garden..
really like the design and colours
Thank you Bryce for bringing the advantages of living tiny into my attention. I am watching from Malaysia.
L9
This upgrade was incredible 🤯
i feel like everyone becoming sherlock holme's puzzle life.
Wow it's massive
2:47 did she said musturbate? sory im not good at english
CO³ufq
I think this channel gives dream like feeling who is  inspired and fan of articheture, design, nature etc... I'm from Pakistan and now it's my getting greatest wished to build my own tiny house one day... Love to explore with them these masterpieces... 😍 Others: watching season every time Me: watching this channel everytime 😂 Love you guys 💚
What a gorgeous home,you should be very proud and you have given me some excellent ideas
Wow almost 4 million  subscribers!! I remember  when you first started this channel I think I was watching you at 10k subscribers, something like that! Amazing congrats  on the growth. I've  wanted a tiny house every since I first watched your channel.....I finally got hubby on board so it won't  be long lol, it took me longer to get him into the idea that I wanted to keep bees 😆 ( got my way on that too, lol)
I saw this lady’s last one. I love her!
The violet distribution extraorally juggle because parcel cytologically multiply beyond a tan thunder. therapeutic, pushy moustache
this homes are not viable at all.
fact - if you pay this much for a tiny house you are literally jsut buying a normal house
Much better than expected.
I would love to have this home
Wonderful stuff! And we love your videos, Bryce.  What would be spectacular: would love to see floor plans of these incredible tiny houses. Something to think about for future videos or for the website. :-)
I love this. In the future I would like to use your floor plans.
Cool thing! What was the costs? Best regards :-)
Amazing house I love it
Hahaha, loved the kiwi accent 😂 yiiis, spea beeds, etc
I love this big tiny home. It’s beautiful!
The collapsible desk is off the charts. Awesome stuff.
Extraordinary,Fantastic
well, I think it must be sturdier than a mobile home.
Hi is look nice from uk
She makes an excellent point about the structural integrity of the container . . . never thought of that aspect before now.
I just watched the video of her first very small house with the clever bathroom (and the great looking cat) - and immediately ran across this followup video which I am starting to watch now - in my condo on Jomtien beach, Thailand. What a small world with YouTube and the internet. Hope the cat is still with her.
I love your channel, I use it as stress buster, maybe in my next life I will live in one😊
How much?
Am really enjoying every episode
I'm trying to get my county  to approve a water system like that so I can build a container home can you provide information on the steps she took to get that approved
Now that’s one I could do with my 6’5 growing son
Smart idea
That looks like shit
maybe a good design but not at all inviting or cosy. it is like living in a storage space. the idea is - I think - to transform the space so that you forget that you are living in a container. I don't think this house fulfilled that brief.
So interesting the bed/desk furniture. She doesn't even need to move the computer. Love it.
Only been looking at tiny houses  since the end of July, so VERY new to it, but that "desk bed" is a stroke of absolute genius!!!
Wow the couch is awesome
Wow love her desk
Great layout!!
Did anyone catch what type of septic system she's using?
Your house is really coming up well. well done guys. have watched all your episodes to date and its impressive what you are doing
That office area is genius!!!
THE best container home I've seen!  I like the large tiny home!  Fantastic idea on land with a drop, wide spacious deck.  Love the guest/office room's double use, the office with built in bed hidded and lounge/murphy bed in wall.  All the amenities.
This,is..my ..life..
Good..idea..
Thia,my..life..
Help me..im...love you..cauntri..beatifulls..musik..and..life stile..
Facebook ade munandar munandar for you....tank..you...i...love you....
Amazing insfiration,s....
I.....love......you............you......
Im..from indonesia..
I...like hause i...love you..........the best....
beautiful beautiful beautiful
Cool desk to bed. Clever. Then the pull down spare as bed. Cool
Love the show and these container homes that are designed and soo innovative & are awesome !
I am here after her current design....I'm speechless...she has been moving to more brilliant spaces. Kudos
anyone here after her new third house video
She’s already built a third container home and now rents this one 😳, must be nice.
The size is great. Not keen on the look and decor. I've seen much better looking shipping container homes.
I gasped when the laptop went down😮
Put the washing machine on a shelf. Easier access and storage above / below the machine.   I would fear some idiot crashing into the building with a car. Maybe put a nice heavy concrete planter between the house & driveway?
What was behind the fence?
This house ist great. And it ist as big as one of the appartments I used to live in an I had no deck... I love the color, good job!
Awesome place the outdoor patio just blew me away. Great job I love it.
Most people have smaller tiny houses, with amazing interior decor whereas this lady has a larger home but nothing beautiful, stylish, intricate or unique about the interior.
I absolutely love this home...very beautiful and innovative...super perfect.
This is really cool even though it doesn’t have any styling and only being on purely functional. Great layout and space saving ideas. I would have added 20k to make it a modern style home and finely tuned architecture and interior design but that’s just me of course. Works great for her so that’s all that matters.
Shitty house with zero personality..
Spectacular indeed 😍😍😍
so nice , neat and lot of space to sleep many people
This is really nice! I would like to know, when it rains, does it make noise in the house because it's containers? Thank you.
Brilhant
Does anyone know what home design software she is using at 4:43? Thanks!
These transforming beds and furniture are all over internet now...
Amazing!😇
thinking we need to build a shipping container home.
He doesnt even ask the questions in this one she just talks to much
84 grand????? Im in the wrong business!!!!
I wish these containers make house so cheap, cheap.....but no, they almost come same as the price of regular house.  She is talking to fast, I could not understand most of her talk. Not pleased at all
Wow! I can see why she had made this her business as she is a straight up boss at making sea container based homes. Well priced and a great quality in the finish. Bravo!
"Bed by night"... [With all of them] this lady is blowing my mind
And the answer to my question on the previous video! Great follow up video can't wait to see the rest of this clip
Wow! There's a second episode!
Has anyone else noticed how popular the word ‘absolutely’ is in ALL these videos?
I really like these container homes but for me I can't see myself in one it's just way too narrow I think two is a lot better to walk around and have more space and more furniture.
BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!
This home is very lovely and innovative
I LOVE this, I'm planning on building one for myself
I would really like to see the first smaller container home she built. Can you please post a link here for me. Thank you Bryce.
Love it  Now I will build like that here in Sweden ❤️💪🤠
By far the best tiny house...
That desk bed is awesome!
the desk bed is so awesome. Sadly I looked it up to find the cheapest model is like 1800. And the mattress isn't included. So if You didn't think this lady was super rich before that seals it.
Such a cozy dick. 😊
"Yo dawg, we heard you liked beds, so we got a bed for you bed, so you can bed while you bed"
Total cost as is?
Woman: I keep things on bed Man: WOW, its amazing!!!1!
That James Bond/Desk Bed
When she folded away the computer desk with computer and printer and turned it into a bed my jaw dropped
She just wanted to see Bryce again
don’t like this one tho....
She has the best one i've seen thus far and I'm hooked on her too.  I like her design style a lot.  What 3d rendering program does she use?
so thats a big carbon emission(footprint) to make all the deck glass... 11:10
The guy is such a pain...
I was very much suprised by that desk becoming a bed moment
She got robbed.
The bathroom should have been bigger with a tub
A spectacular "LIKE" from Russia!
Borrrrrrringgggggg
Do you know where I can get that black and white wardrobe???
shes in a different bracket as far as im concerned. Its a nice home and original but in no way is it tiny. She even said shes started collecting more things because of the bigger home. This to me is just a beautiful hm. Not tiny and too expensive.
How much to build like this?
Nice and nice scenery.
Too many close-ups of people and furniture, a few shots of single rooms. Can’t really get a feel for the actual layout of this house. Frustrating!
Here in the US it is actually illegal in some states to collect rainwater. Glad to see other places in the world are not so restrictive.
Anyone else go "whooooooa!" when she made that desk into a bed?  This house is very innovative, love it!
This is a spare bed,would you like to see that in action, laughs. I would like to see that in action! Giggity!
Really dumb, for the same cost you could get a conventional build, twice as big !?
With containers there’s no settling of the foundation and cracked brick work and sheetrock
AMAZING spare bed !!! !!! WOAW: couch during the day / queen size bed at night - equally AMAZING !!!
she still has her same clothes
That's Really Innovative..
Gawd I love the cost of these homes.
Are these houses and people saved from the wildfires??
Started watching ALOT of videos about these types of homes & so far this has been one of my favorites! Well organized & spacious for just a 40 ft & 20 ft.
It’s such a nice space and land but I just want to decorate it so badly for you!
This is  beautiful .
I love this house
Too big for my taste but really nice
This is a  perfect home for whole living bro😋😋😋
This is gonna be my dream project.
Spectacular
Girl you got it going on ! I think you are a so smart to do it yourself! Ty!
Bryce   Teachers are having a hard time, really in urban areas and trying to make it. Thinking Tiny homes may help them , well educating child near by. See what you can do to tell them ,thanks
it is a good structure for retired people too.
omg this women and these beds ahahahahahaha. amazing.
That deck!
She was like a magician... Pulling out beds from everywhere!
I like your name Bryce
What  beautiful home and an outdoor place as well.  The expansive open doorways are great. I love No Loft!  🤗🤗🤗
Can someone answer this if can I live on a small Island where u see the ocean and lagoon when standing in the middle. So my question will the containers get easily get rusty fast cos of the salty wind ?
Impressive
Also, I have a question I keep seen container homes. But from things, I research they have a lifespan. I would like to see a video of that and how you fix it if it starts rusting as well as everything else that comes with living in a container/.
In some moments Bryce looks disappointed as if he wanted her to admit that she missed living smaller
so impressed with this one clever design👍❤
Wow
i just keep coming back on this house just to listen to her speak. hahaha
Get some color and warmth in there!
I'm sorry but the more I've seen these videos over the past couple years the more I notice many of these people already have the resources and or actually have the money to live this way to begin with and can have more but "chose" to live the tiny home life. That's I don't see many people like myself or in my demographic on these shows...Make sense now.
Brilliant
Is it possible to find where the bedroom and storage products are found? Or, the names? Cheers,  Debby
Would be great to get a list of the furniture she uses.
Do more shipping container homes tours
I am guessing at least 150k but doubt that would include land.
Good space and love where it is located but don’t love the interior design. She keeps says we but says it is just her.
Not real crazy about kitchen design but that is personal.
There is a lot to know before anyone would even begin to put something like this together. Amazing one can live off the grid..but whatbis she doing for electricity.
These are not that cheap plus the container life is 30 yrs old what after that would be interesting
What software was she using???
Goals ♥
My 2 son in laws know electricity & I'm going to move!!!
How about designing some of these tanks for something a bit more affordable.  Fine, insulate the hell out of it and then figure out how to do a basic layout in the $20-30k range.  That, I could do.  Oh lawdy, won't someone think of the little people!
Why don't people put two containers next to each other to double the width and take away the cramped feeling? If you build right, there don't need to be any bearing beams showing.  I'd do that, and that way you could "interlock" rooms and make all of them more spacious, using small spaces as closets.   Also, people seem to miss the obvious way to deal with sunlight impinging on the steel roof of a home, which is, add a piece of sheet metal about an inch to two inches above the entire roof area. This shades the roof and reduces the need for so much damn insulation in the ceiling.
Your new space is actually bigger than my mobile home. Very nice
soooo creative!!!! she is also very knowledgable in this business!!!!  would this be suitable in a cool climate?
I love it Of the best I've seen🤩
i love her home. is so peaceful and good thing is stress free from city. outside can see a nice view.
House was great, accent was awesome.
I definitely want a shipping container home with an enclosed deck. Her home is beautiful.
Lmao..... "She says me spare bed, would you like to see it in action"? Pretty sure that was a sexual refference lol
It's not a tiny home if you can sleep 8 people comfortably
They didn't show that square space I saw from the beginning aerial portion, Why?
Very spacious for a tiny house. Really love it - plus the site 😍
Bit its really nice!
Yeah, ummmmmm , i dont think this is a tiny house anymore
That home looks just ok on the outside (no offence) but it dominates on the inside
Beautiful!
...and gutterings (with downpipes) either side of the domed deck covering
Second thoughts... I think I've spotted a slim guttering welded to the container, with a chain leaning to a concrete pit. Would that be it?
So how did they get the container on to the steep slope site ?
Nice color.
Do you need a permit to build a shipping container home?
So she moved to a bigger one and the space is worse than the first one / no thought a all went in to that .
How is the rainwater collected? I don't see any guttering or downpipes...
Even tho there no clutter I feel like shes a hoarder...of beds
The whole advantage of using containers for tiny homes is completely lost. The tiny homes in containers should be assembled in overseas factories for cheap, shipped on container ships to US, and dropped on site by standard container trucks ready to go. E.g., plug in the electric, water, sewer like an RV park. Duh.
Beautifully done..every space of the house was so organized!
Love this channel. One of my favorites
4:31 - when the randy son brings his bird back for the night and they wake up to find the pc in peices!!!!
If say you wanted to move to china, would it be cheaper just to send the container and hide you and the family under the bed????
This dude dont give a shit for the decor and artistic value they bring, he is simply pretending to make a docu eyeing up their goods and sending joel and the gang back to rob the place!!!!
You should add a distillation tank to purify your water.
Do these houses go up in value like regular homes built from the ground up, in the USA 🇺🇸?
I wanna see two 40ft containers welded together to make a home. 🏡 Single Story only.
Your spray Foam for those two cubes would be under $2000 with the spray foam kit that they sell at Home Depot all walls tops and under the containers...
Lots of good information. Thanks for sharing.
Amazing tiny house and the photography and commentary is superb.
I could live there , lovely
That’s more than one container
she deserves an award for that!
between you and Kirston Dirkson,  I feel I really get the lay of the land on Tiny Homes. Today was the first day I watched in marathon fashion your channel. Excellent presentation model. Cheers!
love the use of the murphy beds in this structure. The bathroom could be a lot bigger.
Can someone explain me her waste management system and the water conservation system please?
Super
PLEASE do more shipping container videos!!
I'd think you'd have to have, at minimum, 2 forty-footers stitched together to keep from going bonkers.  She's close to this with the deck area, but I don't know how she made it in just a 20 footer...
What’s the link for buying or building that desk-bed??
If you look at this sofa it actually turns into a bid, if you look at this disk it also turns into a bid, this seat also turns into a bed, and if you come into the bidroom and look underneath the bid there's actually a 2nd bid. The washing machine is a bid, the shower is a bid, the kitchen sink is a bid and you wouldn't believe it but I had some extreme surgery done - if I just twist like this... I'm also a bid. Now I just need some gists.
Stunningly. All thought out. With the soul. 15 out of 10 points
I don't get it,  this is not tiny anymore.
I think the Hug thew him off for the rest of the interview...
She talks so fast that I am not getting every word. To me this is not a tiny house.
Love the uncluttered look - clean lines - outdoor area - view of the trees. I could definitely live here.  Very Nice!
1. this is not a tiny anymore 2. No affordable .... jum
You look skinny in this video
The floors and walls in a shipping containers are extremely toxic. The floors are treated with arsenic and chromium to ward off pests and the walls are painted with double lead and chemicals to resist ocean voyage. The manufacturers say that they are built and designed for momentary occupation only in the course of loading and unloading. With that said, not all is lost. Sand blast the painted surfaces and replace the floors. Don't forget to wear your hazmat suits. After all that is done, you won't save a penny.
She has this down to a science
"By emphasizing this whole dick area"
She's thought this out hasn't she?
I'm in love... Esp  the location 😍😍😍
I think what I like the most about a container tiny home is no stairs! If I were in my 20s, it wouldn't be an issue but as I get older, I look at that and don't want an upstairs/loft bedroom or storage.
Wow what a beautiful home, I really love the infrastructural design and everything concerning this house. This house is an inspiration. Lol I love it can't wait to have my own.
what a clever design wowe
i watched her last video and didn’t even realize this was her too
Brenda is shown using a computer program for what appears to be a design app for container homes. Do you know what program she was using?
por que essas tiny houses tem esses fogões cadelos? povo não gosta/sabe cozinhar, não é possível, espaço tem..
I absolutely love this. I'm looking for a section to put it on. Where are the designer/builders located? I'm in New Zealand, thinking about moving to Christchurch.
I really love what you have done. I live in 2 containers put together and love it! I was wondering where you got the couch that has been in both houses?
This is awesome
She paid way to much
i  love tini haus cuz smaller is cuter
She paid $82,000 and got a home and that view!  Sign me up, I'd take that deal in a heartbeat.
Lovely place!
Just love it !!
I don't usually like shipping container homes except this one was nice. Once again Bryce you have done a stellar show.
that sunroom alone is to die for!!
84.000 I buy house for that cash price omg
Not enough window some of them too small death trap In some area lovely home tho ☺
......IMHO: FUCK ("THE COUNCIL"), ALL LOCAL GOV'T "ZONING REGULATIONS"!!!!     DON'T COMPLY WITH THEIR "AUTHORITY"!!!!   LIVE OUTSIDE THEIR "JURISDICTION"!!!
This is good fro storm and zombie apocelips.
Brilliant.  When she dropped the desk into a bed...amazing!!
Jesus Said, "The Lord our God is One Lord," and "He is my God and your God"  Thus they have Certainly Disbelieved who Say, "God is Three [the Trinity]" or "God is the Messiah, Jesus"  43:63, Qur'an When Jesus brought clear proofs, he said, "I have come to you with wisdom and to make clear to you some of that over which you differ, so fear God and obey me. John 20:17, Gospel [Indeed, He is] my God, and your God. Luke 4:8, Gospel [So] you will worship the Lord your God, and Him only will you serve.  [This is a straight path.]" 5:72, Qur'an [Thus] they have certainly disbelieved who say, "God is the Messiah, the son of Mary" while the Messiah has said, "O Children of Israel, worship God, my Lord and your Lord." 5:73, Qur'an [And] they have certainly disbelieved who say, "God is the third of three [the Trinity]."  And there is no god except one God. Mark 12:29, Gospel [For Jesus himself said,] "The first of all the commandments [is], 'Hear, O Israel; the Lord our God is one Lord.'" 14:52, Qur'an [So] this [Qur'an] is notification for the people that they may be warned thereby and that they may know that He is but one God and that those of understanding will be reminded - Romans 1:21 - 23, Gospel Because when they knew God, they glorified [Him] not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.  Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, and changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image made like a corruptible man, and birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things. Romans 1:25, Gospel [And thus they] changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshiped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed forever.  Amen.
This lady is a genius. Great design.
Very cool convertible beds! I love getting ideas from these creative folks.
This one is shit
Nice house. The guy needs a shave and haircut.
VNICE LOVELY FLAWLESS
this was very impressive but far too expensive for the average working joe - everything was new and costly - the rental on the land alone for this size home would be very high as well because of the huge size of the home - it looks good, but just too much - this vid felt more like just an advertisement for her work -  thanks for sharing
I love this because you can grow into it as you age or  it if you have a family. 💕
wow so cheap! i got a condo it cost me 800k and its small
Beautiful
Beautiful
Correct  me if I'm wrong but isn't the tiny house movement intended to keep your costs low also your footprint.... Do not get me wrong the way some of these people do there container homes is awesome but some of the prices are unrealistic for some
It's the best I've ever seen so far for now💖
how much youtube money do you share with the home owners?
Well done angel
Congratulations on the accomplishment!  It looks like you picked a beautiful location too!
This house is so cool!!!!!!!
Lovely.
I love it, but i live russia. It is cold in winter, is there any solution ?
I love it, but i live russia. It is cold in winter, is there any solution ?
That desk bed though
Extremely happy for her she deserves to be happy thumbs up Brice
Can anyone recommend DIY channels that teach and give insights to the technicalities involved in building these kind of homes
It's sad when banks and Governments have allowed housing to be used as businesses and now prices many of the population out from buying them to the extent that people are living in freaking shipping containers. Tiny houses are not cosy or great for saving space it's rediculous. You shouldn't be paying more than 100k for a three bedroom house.
What utility connections can you get (i.e., water, gas, electric, internet, sewer, etc.)?
WOW....that is amazing and so nice !!!!!!!!!!
i love her(smile) most women  need alot  but not her  then there is her voice  and she is a very smart person  . do the value  of these go up or  down as years  go by
Do shipping container homes appreciate or depreciate in market value??
Im in new york and this place is bigger than my apartment for which i play 650 a month. WTF!!!
Okay I would love live in a tiny home like yours but how did you decide where to put did you have to pay for the land
Vis-a-vis the solar panels feeding into the grid; here in Los Angeles, that deal doesn't benefit the homeowner because in times of electrical shut-downs you cannot access your own solar panels to power your home, which in my opinion, is contrary to the original goal. Otherwise, I've stayed in container homes before, and I love the ingenuity that goes into the combinations.
Loved the music
What is she saying at 6:20? Something along the lines of "We've got a vima culture based system"
This is the best tiny house I have ever seen
The covered deck makes this home really special. I love the blue exterior!
Many beds for a "tiny" house :D
A lot of bids for a tiny space.
Oh my gosh! I cant stand the way she makes that suction sound before she speaks!! Grraaaa!
I love her deck.  I wonder where she got the covering for it.  Does anyone know the manufacturer?  This whole home is so smartly planned!
The best i saw until now.
I would take this over any other home I’ve been hunting for recently, lol! This is great!
What an awesome house. I'd make the 20ft space a combined office, living, and spare room area tooand have a dining area in the kitchen. Great use of space though, even for a family it would be quite comfortable 🙂
I'm so happy to have seen your video!!! I was thinking about what or how to build a house in my empty land in Asia. Hopefully, when I'm ready to build, you can help me.  I will pay for you to get there. Thanks.
wonderful!!!!
Where's the tv
I'm sure if you built one correctly it could pay for itself and then living expenses
Anybody gots her IG. Im tryin to slide in dem dm's. She  looks lonely and I aint gots no place to stay.
WHERE in NZ was this one filmed, please?
That good ole New Zealand twang-y accent ... I'd know it anywhere, Mate!
Are you married Bryce?
Does she still sell these.... I’m over in Aus but they would be so transferable
What's the dimensions of the container house
Love it!
So the cost of this is 122k AUD by my calculations this is approx 46 sq metres I am currently building a granny flat 60sq m for 115k with permits and all done im looking at 128k this is too expensive for what it is
Someone to help me with her address plz.
Very beautiful home, I love it.  But watching all these tiny home videos, it strikes me as ironic.  They really are just DIY double wides.  Why so much doing that when you can get a double wide for a fraction of the cost?
I KNOW THIS MUST BE IN ANOTHER COUNTRY BECAUSE U CAN'T GET  A HOUSE LIKE THIS IN CALIFORNIA . THE COST 🤑🤑OF LIVING IS TOO DAMN HIGH OUT HERE !! 💃🏿 🤗
Good lord is she running a hotel?
Its great, I coud reside in that space quite happi-y!
Solar panels are not positioned properly.
what about bears?
amazing
Absolutely gorgeous. I love it! ❤
This is my favorite house
Its a modern tiny house,, super creative..
its really awesome
Why doesn't anyone ever do something to the exterior of the containers? It looks great on the inside, but from the outside it looks like total shit.
My goodness! I'm so impressed and proud of these people living off-grid in their unusual, innovative homes.
probably the most impressive container homes I've seen. but 80 plus price tag?
How wide is the interior of the shipping container after framing and insulation ??
Awesome Awesome Awesome job women rule!!
I love the office space area when she was pulling the desk down I just saw the computer and printer fall
The banks are hating all builder because the have no customers everyone is learning to build there own homes off the grid or not off the grid I just need to know how I get land who I have to contact
It is a great looking house.  I wish you could explain more about the insulation portion.   She said it costs 3-times more than in a regular house.  Everything is open, but how is she dealing with insects?  Are there any mosquito screens?  An obvious problem is the lovely pergola.  It is producing shading on the larger solar string for most of the day.   They should move the solar array about one meter further away.
I need this in my life..... like years ago !!! Absolutely love it ❤️ Well done 👍🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
beautiful..and this  is not tiny 😍
Very beautiful home
The decking looks like composite timber. How did you get this passed by council in relation to the BAL rating?
Nice storage. Big enough for a small family, too. Would screaming kids fill the ears in the house or is it nice and dead-sound?
looks phenomenal.. but what was the cost for all this? looks expensive in the end..
I love home. I mean this kind of home with my old parents.
I've been researching into building container homes and discovered a great website at Magic Container Plans (google it if you're interested)
" Perfect, fantastic, perfect, perfect... fantastic... " WTF man ?! SHut up already !!!
Nice I love this home
45m² for a single person? That is not tiny.
Is this a camembert ?
How much ?! Also how do u get the land ?
Not fond of this place at all! This to me isn't a Tiny home.
I don't love this for being cheap specifically. But the level of innovation in it is incredible. Bravo!,
Love the folding beeds.
Love it
I HATE BLUE, BUT, ESPECIALLY NAVY BLUE...AND INSTITUTIONAL WHITE...THE ONLY THING I LIKED ABOUT THIS HOME WAS THE PATIO VIEW...;)
Bryce  I felt in love with u
This is amazing, just thinking out of the box if you pardon the pun can really be so rewarding who says that you must follow convention. Thanx for sharing this clip. Now how do you get started on a project like this? Will council allow this kind of build? Do architects generally do this kind of design? How do you handle cutting holes for doors and windows in external container walls and still manage to keep your box waterproof? Slapping two containers side by side and then cutting out walls to get a larger space, how do you maintain the containers structural integrity?Are there companies in NZ who these container conversions or do I have to look outside of NZ? Lots of questions I know but if there is anyone out there that can point me in the right direction, many thanx
Great video, but need subtitles lol.
Been looking for a channel like this, I instantly hit subscribe... Keep the content coming...
This really isn’t a small space.
if you have any container need don't hesitate to contact me we have yards all over US, Canada and Philippines at very competitive price. cdasales @ itek-global.com
I keep replaying 4:31
Who cares
Hes a great interviewer
Nice
This women is way too good at all of this. Design, innovation, practicality. Hit it all well done
That desk bed is amazing!
interesting, so creative.
Love it ;-)
HMMMMMMMM...... i wonder what her favorite colour might be.... HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM :D  (nice house though - im doing my research to get a Tiny house myself)
And where is the 20ft version ?
Take a shot whenever someone says "space."
what a wonderful house and lady , with a great attitude!!
🏚🌺
What kind of septic system is that?
There's no sink in the toilet 😅
Nice size and design, but hideous decor!
This is an Awesome Home! Very comfortable & cozy & peaceful!!!
I’d love to live somewhere like this!
Will you be able to provide floorplans in the future?
This is my favorite container home, especially the enclosed porch. Thanks for showing it. Love your channel. See more of my favorites at www.tinylifeconsulting.com
It's illegal to be off the grid in Florida
Stunning setting, too clinical for my home (great rapid deployment clinic/doctors room, engineers site dwelling tho).  Love the space savers. Very up market, nice for dinky. Just pay and move in. Not for me tho.
my favorite house so far. I love it.
It's very beautiful container home. I wish I also have one here in Pakistan.
Discover how to do it with Avasva.
The bed in the master bedroom is the typical European style bed, with storage underneath.  So brilliant for small spaces and where there are no built-in wardrobes.
This is amazing.... makes me wanna build one......
Beautiful house
I was literally pulling up another tab to convert AUD to USD when she started talking about pricing, and then I saw your captioning for US prices; thank you, editorial team! You understand Americans all too well ;)
Not cheap is he that gullible? Way to much, want to hear how you keep that oven cool and warm efficiently
"spear beed"
Love 💕 your channel
Loves you’re videos you are a great guy
What's rint?
like he said lovely, resonable idea actually a great one
40FT or 400FT ?
very cool to see.  still would liked to have seen more sustainable practices being used in the contained, esp in the market of 80,000+USD.  Is a big tiny home still a tiny home?
Damn it looks amazing
Can't stand her voice...
i love the idea
Dope 💪🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Wow. How much did she spent?
4:30 totally awesome desk/bed area
This is such a awesome container home!!! Smart design and attractive as well ever part of it has a purpose and the storage is so we'll planned out..
“sPiR bId”
bryce !  you've done it again Mate .
Is this Australia? Thought so on the last one. Must be!
Nicky Klinkert
Awesome 👏🏼
Hey everyone, the greatest results that ive ever had was with the Magic Container Plans (i found it on google) definately the most helpful info i've tried.
Get on with it, stop yakking.  My god!
thats nice until lighting hits it!
Stick it to the man, I love it, I need that exact same model.....excess power could run a grow tent/box and grow food as well.....
What is the advertisement that she wears on her chest? Knowing that might inform a few of the below questions, right?
dont you guys have another name for "masturbateroom"?? once you hear it, you cant hear anything else. xD
I'm interested to know more about her vermiculture flush system.
What r your bills a month with all the rain and solar is it cheap?
But does it get hot inside?
Haha....try living in a trash container rich bitch
COME ON, PEOPLE. She certainly did her homework regarding her options and prices/cost, just like you did. Or do you think nobody had told her about conventional houses for lower prices, if any, and she has always been convinced that a container is her only option? If you feel like commenting "I can have a five-bedroom for half the price in Middle of Nowhere, Oklahoma", well, you can live for zero under an overpass in NYC. But will you?
So many beds
Was there a sink in the bathroom?  I didn't see one.
Where is this home located? Does she own the company that made this house?
Absolutely amazing so inspiring
Patio door alone is about $4K-$6K.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T6_eyIHnso
This is so cool. I’d love to be able to build a house like this one day in a nice area. I love it.
Thats a good deal for a house in Auckland where the average house price is  $500.000 or more.. .but here in Ireland you could buy a reasonably nice house for the cost of that house
MAGNIFICENT, I LOVE IT!!!! YOU HAVE DONE AN AWESOME JOB YOUNG LADY, BEAUTIFUL VIEW!!! ENJOY ALL THAT ALMIGHTY GOD HAS SET BEFORE YOU!!! YOUR GIFTS ARE IN YOUR HANDS, WONDERFUL!!!     😇😇😇
where can i find this woman if i would like to purchase a tiny house from her! i love this!
Normal
awesome!!!  wanting to buy containers and land!!
WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FUCKING BEDS?!
Wonder living space. I'd like to know the cost factor for this home.  Question is....Would this set up be possible in my area in the U.S.?
It would be really great if you to could learn to speak English
That view though
Done really well space n idea's.
Lovely home, but for me, it was hard to understand her accent.
Best home I've seen so far!! Well done!
wher's the first video when she lived in a smaller container?
i do not like it got me sick
what planet are these two from?
what the help did she say?
Are more construction details available? Best one I’ve seen!
This is truly lovely. I am going to copy this design but with a second 20 ft on the other side with the outdoor patio in between. Love the decor color scheme etc.
you should add overhead sketch plans of the rooms and designs with each unit you review. that would give a great idea of the build and features
Was that cost including the glass deck room?
AMAZING!
I would like to know who did the building for you. I love this, I would love to see all of the plans for everything in it and would love to have it built here on some property I own. How do I start?
is the canadian value that low? lol
I know I'm late to these videos but I just found you in here and I saw this women in her smaller home and this one looks like a mansion compared to the other one. I would live in this home! The view alone is wonderful.
This is for that steep jacksonville property ( the back jacksonville road to get to Ruch)
Looks like an aussie Eddie Vedder touring these cool homes.  LOL
Muy practicas estas construcciones, de adquisición asequible para todos. Gracias por publicar estos vídeos.
Muy practicas estas construcciones, de adquisición asequible para todos. Gracias por publicar estos vídeos.
Not another spear bid please.
better than my damn house
My buddy just had a 1600sq ft house built for $120,000 US... this thing is not worth the money. Shop around folks.
put a bukebed in and ur good
Start asking the people how much money they saved 🦄💁🏿💁🏿
awesome video, great location, but I cannot agree with the final price.
That’s less expensive than a Tesla! So cool.
This is what I want except for the 20 ft container. I got the idea off another video that used two 40 ft and a glass breeze way in between. For dining (and entertaining) I planned on using that breeze way the way this lady has it set up. Yayyyy!
Thank you for showing me your home. Very nice indeed.
Where's her accent from?
I'm not sure but ,if anyone else is searching for build a shipping container home try Jadonite Shipping Container  Buddy (do a google search ) ? Ive heard some pretty good things about it and my work buddy got great success with it.
i believe it is too much. $270 per  sqft. i thought a house in nz or kit was $150  sqft
eh mate~
Love this home! Shipping containers, tiny house and eco-friendly. And that view!
if that woman is there alone, she needs to install a deadbolt lock on that front door that needs to have a key to lock/unlock.  The very poor design of the glass next to the handle instead of next to the hinges allow for it to be broken and easily reach inside to the door handle from the outside to unlock, with a key only deadbolt it will not be able to open, thus giving her more security when at home or not.
The best home container I've ever seen
4:30 HOLY FUCK!
i want to make that type of house in pakistan whatsapp plz00923119993644
Jane seamore
lol it was too small I knew it!
She's a genius
Hey everyone, the best success that i've ever had was by following the Magic Container Plans (just google it) definately the best course that I've tried.
The best of tiny homes I've seen so far. Love both her former home and the new one too. The color scheme is awesome and definitely built to last
you're stupid!
Inspiring. Need to start designing ours now. Tq😎
👍Love this! 😍 I love her expansion & style. 💞
Jokes aside the spare beds are absolutely amazing.
this woman loves a gooood BID
Amazing place.
its very neat and tidy,,,but more like office setting..the coziness and homy feeling is missing...other than that very functional neat spacious place.
I really like the vidio you made very interesting .. do not forget to visit my chenel
What     a     prat.
that deck is AWESOME!
www.gradcontainer.com
location location location...bathroom= things i won't do without 😊
She's got a lot is bids in that house.
IMPRESSIVE!
BBQ spear ribs anyone?
I wonder how this holds up in a hurricane?
How much cost of 40ft high cube container
I love this project .How canI build one for the Caribeans
To much money for the retired or low income familys
Only thing missing, a separate shipping container used as "the torture room"
I love 💕 it tiny house it’s the most incredible space😍
This is not a cheap home or a tiny home lol. Just a really fancy and expensive container.
can we say ripoff
I\'m not sure but ,if anyone else trying to find out build your own container home try Jadonite Shipping Container  Buddy (do a google search ) ? Ive heard some interesting things about it and my friend got cool results with it.
There needs to be a way to make a shipping container apartment, that would save a lot of space.
interesting points ,if anyone else wants to uncover build a shipping container home try Renkarter Container Report (Have a quick look on google cant remember the place now ) ? Ive heard some super things about it and my mate got cool results with it.
I had a 3 bedroom/2bath home built in Kingwood TX in 2007 for $116,000.  Plus detached 2 car garage, not a huge yard, just small and nice so lot alot to take care of, had trees around, loved it.  Now in another state, but I don't see where a container is all that much cheaper.  Maybe in the long run, but someone said further down, she didn't include the price of the land. My master bath was huge in my house and turned one bedroom into a nice study/sewing room.  I had thought about doing this instead of a house again, but don't think so.  Her stove was way too small for me and she had room for a bigger stove top.  I do like the smooth stove top style,  Loved the outdoor extension...very nice.
why cant we all live like this. sun power..
It isn't simple but if you really want it you can make it work.  The powers that were are upset that we are becoming more and more independant.  Praise more to those who are and becoming independant.  Good for you.
Haha "spee bid"??
Very nice house!
what's the point there not much cheaper than a house or flat
awesome, makes me wanna try this type of project
Awesome...  Nd brilliant work
Beautiful home and concept..
Very cool.
So beautiful 👌👌👌
Hermosa casa
Maybe I missed it, but where does she cook/bake? I didn’t see a stove/oven, or a hot plate, or a convection oven and no mention of one either.
Totally amazing!  Beautiful.
Love the beg dik awt the beck.
Hi everyone ,if anyone else trying to find out build your own shipping container home try Jaffacter  Container Home Coach (Have a quick look on google cant remember the place now )? I've heard some decent things about it and my partner got amazing results with it.
That is a huge dick
Did he really say "far out" at the 7:19? I thought no one would say that anymore.
Aloha Amazing watching the whole process our friend has two Containers we have room for 2 Nice of that land owner to Share For bartering plus sharing your amazing Jouney very pleasant Watching you two growing comfortably in Australia Hugs from our Ohana to your OHANA means family I will share this with family on the mainland USA
i like the simplicity of these designs we are experimenting with something similar https://youtu.be/QdD1hl_gxwU
well she has a bigger house compare to 97%   of the houses in my neighborhood. estimate bigger than 70% of the houses in my city... what it tells me that houses&lots abroad are big
Thank God she found a man to help her figure out how to make it.
Really liked the home and ingenious storage methods.  I think everyone has learned that to do it right, a storage container is not a cheap home - but it can be a quality home that will far outlast stick built housing.
Love, love, love the outdoor space!!!
Good luck getting your Michael Jackson pillow covers delivered from amazon
well, that's bigger then my house
I wish she would stop sucking her teeth.  That sound is most irritating.
I\'m not sure but ,if anyone else needs to find out about cargo container house plans try Skyarza Container Home Star (just google it ) ? Ive heard some pretty good things about it and my buddy got amazing results with it.
I want This, or one Like It ! ! !   {LOL}
This is a house. We have crossed the boundary where we cannot call it a tiny house anymore.
Keep in mind she has a custom professionally built eco friendly brand new home on 40 acres of land to herself for $120k in a beautiful country foreign to me...well worth it
interesting - some countries are forward thinking and WANT people to use less 'city' stuff - like treated water, hydro etc... yet some states in the US have made it illegal to capture rain water.
*everyone in the comments* This is a small home.. NOT a tiny home!
U don't say what her company is, take it they sell? I'm mostly interested n the guest bed setups
Was this guy wearing true religion pants😂 2:26
"Headroom" xD nice otherwise
Its NOT comparably cheap compared to traditional methods for the same area....
I live in a 3rd world country and this is bigger than my house. What people call tiny houses are pretty standard here. These are designed far better though. Really gal I found this channel and others like it.
speer bid
Is he a Kiwi or an Aussie?
ohhhhhhhhhhghh yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh thats some good stuff
Kudos DARLIN I REALLY LOVE YOUR HOME 😍
Our Country has found a brand new "something" to suck and bleed dry... Thats the tiny house movement.... I think if our country would kiss and make up... There are homes to be made... If some of these tiny homes could be built as some I've seen on YouTube... We could make a dent in our Homeless population. . This movement could create new jobs... Bring back the pride our Country used to feel and display... Now for the money... Easy for every Company in the US ...But has taken the jobs to a few over seas countrys...I'm not taking anout a fine I'm talking monthly... They want cheap labor...Okay... Think of tiny neighbor hoods in Tiny Towns....  I think I'm  over tired I sound like George Bailey It's  A Wonderful  Life!" Oh brother I'm going to bed...
I absolutely love this home and it's ideal for a large family this is what my husband and I want. OMG LOVE!
This woman is an inspiration!! Hats off to you lady!!!
It's really sad that they're so excited about living in containers.
Absolutely impressive indeed.
I think she would be a bitch as a landlord
i wanna build 2 story container home for 50grand maximum 100 grand
this lady is an architectural genius
Are these homes insured? Can they even get insurance?
Really nice & it beats paying the bloody rent
Be interesting to see how much it's worth now. Weather it actually is a good investment. All the work she has done, has it doubled the price or halved it or less. If it's the latter it's not a good investment, if it's doubled in price fair play, But I can't see them marketing this container home  on par with a every day family home. That case she must be minted
Tiny home! That's bigger than mine!
7:56 enclosed dick area 😂😂😂
Cost is absolutely ridiculous
nice !
LOVE it! , I'll Love to have a home liked that
Enclosed dick area
If anyone is interested in container home plans the greatest success that ive ever had was by following the Magic Container Plans (just google it) without a doubt the no.1 course i've tried.
This is my fav shipping container. Beautiful crib. What a view.
Looks surely properly. I thunk my preferred parts were the spear bid underneath the disk, the inergy effucient fruge ind the computer virus dick out the bick.
Her saying bed is the most annoying thing ever
Comment for the home owner in the video. I noticed you hadn't had a winter there yet, but I also noticed the small radiator in the office. I grew up in Auckland and Turangi, I now live in a tiny house in Ireland. Even during the coldest winters here (and 2010 was something else, frozen into the house for weeks cause we couldn't open the gates (or climb over them) as they were frozen into the ground, hot water iced over before it melted enough to get them open) we have kept warm by wearing a extra jumper and using 3 small radiators like yours. This included a larger 3 bed detatched house as well as the tiny - not very well insulated - home we're in at the moment. Move the radiator around with you, it will heat up the area where you are, keep it on in your bedroom overnight, makes getting up much easier in the morning, and above all they are CHEAP to run. Good luck, have inspired me to try and do something similar so I can move back to Te Puke.
Would be interested in knowing more about council permission bits etc., my dad lives in Te Puke (New Zealand to those not in the know) on 5 hectares and I would love to be able to put a container home on it like this. Not necessarily all the high end appliances and things, that doesn't interest me (except for solar panels and my dad or brother can build those) but the space. As an artist, seamstress and crafter I could fill the space without blinking in an average house (know from experience), just as I know there is no way I could afford to buy a house in New Zealand anywhere near a town on what I earn (currently living in a tiny house (aka mobile home) in Ireland - 4 adults equals little space but we manage, insufficient storage worst problem - and moving back to NZ would wipe out my savings. This would be the perfect solution, near to dad as he gets older (brother and his family live in Auckland and work a 6 day week) and the placement of the 2 containers with the covered deck would mean easy living space versus work space, indoor area for cats (can't live without them) and plants and plenty of light for painting all year round. I think price is very good given the set up and knowing a bit about housing costs in NZ, appliances and stuff aren't cheap there either, been told to fill as many containers as I can afford with equipment/furniture when I move, sell what I don't need to cover costs cause I can't replace it when it's gone. This is big for a tiny house but perfect for someone like me who would have a place ready to put it and needs lots of light and work space but not the large living area.
I love her home.
Let’s not kid ourselves. That’s a medium size house.
wouldnt you just build a sip panel home.???
The additional bidroom with the disk that serves as a spear bid is great.
**clears throat** I believe she asked if you want to see that bed "in action"😉. Oblige her mate
Hello Brenda, I love yr beautiful container home. The colors jus pop..so crisp! And yr design layout is incredible! Very good taste, I'm impressed!!!👌
Crazy no way id spend 150k on that, hell i can buy used mobile home for 5k put 10k in it and bam beautiful home for 15k!!!
ultimate hotboxing house!
@4:30 i started screaming for joy like jerry Seinfeld omg!!!!!!!!
What an awesome disk bid
Yiss
Oh so this is an advert for IQ container homes...i see...no wonder it costs so much.
What I did not like is the placement of PV panels. They need to be replaced a little bit far from the arch roof to the edge of the container.
I'd live there
Id rather live in a trailer
I understand locations cost differently not trying to call her stupid for what she's doing just explaining my area. you can buy a fixer upper house from the 50s for 30-60k. old but still in great condition around 100k and new brick homes from the 150s up to around 300k for really nice home on a few acres. course I know of one town about an hour from me where many houses have sold for 5-15k but believe me nobody wants to live there. I support her though I'm doing the same. I've got 30k in land will soon have 20k in small house 15k in a well and 5 k for septic. for that 70k I could buy a decent house in town but no thanks I like my land with no neighbors near the bay still 20 minutes from town
this chick.. ffs  so hot.
That's better than my overpriced shitty apartment
nice
The areas with beds have a lot of wasted vertical space.
Love the furniture!
The desk bed blew my mind.
Took me 2 hrs to figure out she's talking about spare beds. I literally Google spear bids, couch bids and nothing. Even asked my wife, called 2 of my friends and nothing.  Then wife watched the video and said it's a spare bed, man I feel stupid.
I'm in love with the blue. Very lovely home.
Where can i buy one?
Brenda is doing it in style 💯
I think this type of home construction is a great concept. I agree with her that it takes a professional to convert a container to a home, just to many things can go wrong of one tried to do it yourself. She did an excellent job, wish I could live the same way as she does. The cost, 84,000 USD, if I remember correctly, is very inexpensive for a complete home. I do like your channel, that shows all these excellent small homes. Post more!
This is cheap living outside of Auckland ,compared to any other home through out Auckland and your paying 700k easily,well done I reckon.
Where do I get that desk bed from? Seriously I cannot find it anywhere!
*spir bid*
This is not so tiny any more, but very impressive!!
In my humble opinion, living inside metal isnt really healthy nor feng shui.
The Navy Blue is AMAZING!
But most council will not allow multiple container houses ... proof they are evil ...want us homeless and starving .. fear the building industry will fall ...
Good!      Money????
wow she would be the cool aunt whenever her family visits and live the seclusion
Am I the only who notices that guy's comments and reactions towards the stuff shown to him is a little bit awkward?
My only problem is the micrwave on top of the fridge...theres no way I'm not spilling hot soup over myself with that
The Desk Bed is Truly Amazing!
in Australia add another 30k you can build a 3 bed 2 bathroom sing garage 150 square metre  brick house...
At this point, I'm not entirely sure this is a "tiny home" lol
"paying my mortgage at the moment"  Lol, isn't the point to tiny houses to not have a mortgage, or much of one?
That was impressive mam. I love your 20 foot and this 40 foot container houses. All the best for u r future projects.  Love from India
Way too much money. I can build a 3000sq foot home for that here in Canada.
I'm seeing $85K to $115K.  How is that cheap?
How much does this cost?
I like the fact that there is extra space on the deck ...makes it seem bigger.
so... another rich  "environmental purist"... who lived off grid in a small so called "sufficient space" for a little while... who then "moved on"... to 2-3-4  times the space and connected herself back to the grid and water supply line... but hey... she made sure her little 30 something years old fake hippy/new ager friend... filmed her "eco" clothe soap...Man!!! these frauds...
"enclosed dick area"
Beautiful. More like a traditional home.  very large. Outdoor space impressive. Not cost effective for the reason why people decide live tiny homes: (1) to eliminate mortgages, and (2) to rediscover what's important by not being a slave to possessions.
Liked this container home. Thanks.....
the couch is ikea, I believe the bed might be too. There are some great small space products out there.
484 square feet is not small.
Прежде чем выкладывать этот ролик, надо было перевести текст.Не все понимают язык.
Zombie apocalypse house
This is lovely and I loved the glasses in veranda. But why did they not show the washbasin in the bathroom.? That annoys me when they leave things out. Still one gets good ideas. I have to move into a much smaller place soon and these videos help me to be positive about it.
I love how she makes out like all these things are so innovative .... those bed designs have existed for years ! xD also this is the same size as my regular two bed semi in the UK .. this is NOT a tiny house, in any way :P still really interesting tow watch for the container aspect of it .:)
Is she married? If so she should have kids such a beautiful spot to grow up but not alone...
There are so many cool features. However, I highly doubt the township I live in would ever allow us to build a home made from a shipping container, or a standard tiny house. Odds are, they're still going to require a full sand mound water sewage system, swale water retention system, etc. The local township sucks in my area. 🤦🏼‍♀️
God. Could he be anymore sexy?
what was the name of her sewage system?
how many guest does she have at one time ? or is that 1 guest really picky?
Very cute.
Spear bid droom
Very nice home! Love the cubbys. Looks like a lot of clever engeering work went into this build. Love the patio :-)
did they say dick area??
I was wondering where i can find a fold up desk spare bed combo? I love it!!!
Amazing
Why is she saying 'we' when it's just her
Can anyone explain to me where is the water source (beside the rainwater)? Sometime the rainwater is enough to fulfil the water needs, but sometime it doesnt right? So when it doesnt where is the water source come from? And with that toilet, how to deal with black tank in that kind of area? (are they just dump it in the nature to fertilize it or what)
Is there things about the power
sibilants sibilants sibilants sibilants sibilants sibilants headache
Nicely done
how does she get her mail
I want one!!!
where can I meet this wonderful woman...
R u insane $84000. Lol. There is a guy in Texas who makes beautiful ones about 27k. Land 10k + Buffer 10k.   47k complete with the land-  an idiot would pay more than 65k with the land....
Now this is MY home exactly....
I love how she did the spear beads
I think she's creative but it seems like she got overwhelmed with this space.  Her smaller container was more personal and better designed.  I don't know if she's living there yet or not but bless her.
Gorgeous house. I love the double doors and outdoor space. Thank you for sharing.
Great house. Thanks for the ideas. I don't understand why ALL roofs are not white? Especially a flat roof that can not be seen? White reflects the most light/heat so it helps for cooling. If you live in a cold place I would have a black tarp to put on the roof to absorb the light/heat to help heat the cold house.
i think her small house is much more neat than this one
no longer a tiny house
Where did she get that master queen bed with storage?! We are building a 40ft container house and need that storage!! 😁
I'm sold take my money!
Awesome use of what space she has the beds are some awesome ideas. Where can you find out more about those?
7:40 "and with the cover and the dick" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) -2017
If you can't stir a pot of beans while sitting on the toilet it's too big
*enclosed dick area*
In the Eye of the Beholder.....Inovative.....Brilliant.....Spectacular!!
Great space. But how much was the land? That's always my question.
my favorite design yet,  THAT porch!!
wowww... this is professional like an actual real house Tho alot of tiny homes I've seen have been impressive Depends on who's building! but this is just an actual house built from an unusual foundation. gorgeous.
this tiny house is sooo beautiful. Great job
I love it so much!!!
Where can that computer/bed be found? Design plans or for purchase?
GREAT!!!
hi i love your container house. how long it take you to build it ty
I love this outdoor patio thing going on, but I'm not a fan of the aesthetic design of this space. It just feels really plain and banal. No beauty. No warmth. It feels very sterile. Really weird.
I love these tours so much!
here's  a few things  for ways to build a container home     Make Sure You view the Containers You're Buying.     Don't Expect To Make save a lot of money.     Read up on your local building requirements.     choose a contractor that can do everything you need.     study a shipping container's structure.     Minimize the amount of welding needed. (I learned these and the reasons they work on Rohon Home Build website )
the big question is how much did it cost. land, build, etc etc
amazing!!!!
You spend a bit too much video time not showing the actual house, and instead showing people speaking.  Nice house, would be nice to know more details about how much things cost (how much was the kitchen, the bathroom, the bed, the desk-bed, furnitures, etc.)
beadroom.
Ugh. Why did I check the comments? Anyway, I love her home and her accent.
I wish these people would say what it cost them to build their tiny homes.
Really liking this Tiny House movement thing and was wondering if this started out as a run of the mill shipping container could this or similar TH on a double or triple axel actually be moved easily?  Or are these pretty permanent structures like a regular house?
Tour starts at 2:25.
i like your tiny house tour, but if you put a house map with the video that would be very helpfull
4:00 nasty feet
Spear bids
Yisss
rofl. 40ft container is 5k aud delivered and 2.6k for the smaller one.. 10k in materials to deck out the inside if you diy. in total... 40k max for that inc solar.
This home is great, some very good ideas for a Tiny house and that back patio was gorgeous.
I love what she has done, I especially love the sun room/deck/patio!!😍 I am very happy for anyone who can achieve their Tiny Dream!!❤️
I thought she said 45square meters? not feet.
LIFE GOALS!!!!!
Cost aside, this is a really beautiful home with brilliant dual-purpose stuff, like that desk that transforms into a bed. Kudos to you ma'am for a wonderful job and kudos to you sir for showing this to us.
I would like to get in contact with the lady for advice. Can you help me please as Im in Redlands Qld Australia and my council is making my life a misery because I want to build with my 40ft container. Or can anyone else help.
what a way 2 do a home I'd love  2 do something  like tat
For about the cost of a college degree. You can buy a small shipping container home.
That porch is gorgeous
interesting points ,if anyone else wants to uncover container home design plans try Jaffacter  Container Home Coach (just google it ) ? Ive heard some interesting things about it and my colleague got cool results with it.
The disk bid was very cool.
Forbes
distrustful xxx exceeded C.d.s. dsssdds adjudged ggfff re send me to schedule my week.
Some body tiny house got stolen.   Be careful.
Very pretty home, love the outdoor space that feels like it is part of your indoor. Have seen this before and I still love it. One of the best layouts I have seen in all of the homes I have looked at. Best wishes. Thank you for sharing your home with us.
GREAT WAY LIVING FOR NEW FAMILY FOR MARKET
Good grief I need one!!!  This is brilliant and love it!!!
very smart women nice
wow it's not cheap at all 🙄in our City you can build a fucking building for 6 families for this much money 😂😂😂
upon selling your container home I'm guessing you would do quite well with a fair amount of profit in your pocket, looks very desirable for many people, that is if you want to sell it
This may work in that location. But in Canada it would freeze in the winter in most parts of the country.
This does not qualify in my opinion as a tiny home.  Plus, I could buy ten fixer upper homes in the South for that price.  Nope.
I love all these spear bids.
I love spear bids
her ass is as flat as the Earth...
Land is huge in home buying costs. Usually more than the house, but maybe not for her. She probably has around 120,000 US dollars if the land was cheap.  1/3  acre in our neighborhood is 200,000 without the house, so the land is not be discounted.  A 1850 square foot house on 1/3 acre land here is around 240,000,  An older house with cheaper construction costs. It is the utilities and cost so much.  i don't know big her lot was or the landscaping costs and so on. 84,000 was the house. Wait, don't forget the cost of the solar panels. I don't think she calculated those in there. The solar costs here to run a two-story maybe 3000 foot house was 35,000 to put in.  A neighbor's house, so I asked the cost.  If you are the installer it is a whole lot cheaper.
The design and furnishing is really amazing.  I'd like to have one for myself.
"yiss"
About time someone used Resource Furniture in their shall I say, smaller home.
I keep getting told by council that I MUST have a LAUNDRY TROUGH adjacent ot a WM to qualify as a dwelling, yet  time & time again, I see washing machines without them > Why oh Why, oh why ?
Shes happy & thats what counts, you cant put money on that!
why didnt you just build a house for that price
I hope you get your own show in the u.s traveling the world showing off people's tiny home builds. amazing stuff
stop saying bid and bidroom FUCK
may I copy your design please? for just me and my son.
how high is the 40ft container and the 20ft container? I just need to find a 40ft one tho.
I'd be happy living here...
I see the heating abit challenging - saw few oil radiators! - It is good for summer house but not for the winter season. How is the heating can be optimized?
Incredible design very nice
Tongue lick sound really irritating mama please don't do that next time
Awesome 👍🏽
that feeling then normal house costs same..
What brand canape did you use?
where did you find the fold down storage bed?
of course its spectacular job, its cost (US$ 84,000)
That desk into bed OMG i LOVE it!!!
This is like 2-3 apartments I don't think this counts as a tiny house XD
just a fucking advert for space saving products
Awesome product, but I'm guessing it's like $135,000 US dollars all in, or $268 per foot living area, with a 22% land ratio. The land building ratio makes sense, but I wonder if this could be finances with a residential mortgage in the US. I don't imagine a FNMA conforming product would suit this product, so maybe a private mortgage? $168 per foot for the vertical construction just seems high for what it is. How could that appraise? Not being negative, but I think solving the financing puzzle would increase demand for tiny homes. Maybe lenders will do this in Australia. What a cool little home!
Did anyone ask  what the brand name is for the black and white storage cabinet.
love the grevity for water system👍
Oh you didn't have to tell us u were hooked to the grid smh u know the government
Yeah that's how they would luv everybody to live while the rich buy islands & 10 bedroom homes for different seasons
Wth is wrong with that price o.o 82k is way to much to live in a metal box I bet it would cost way less if she did it her self. and not have every things transform into a damm bed.
marcus aurelius
84 thousand? for a start?
I own a one acre of land near a lake this would be a great home for this disabled veteran just need my electric and water set up with a phone line and cable I'd place it under trees to keep it cool year round it's in Florida so I don't have worry of snow. I'm really looking forward to living on my land tax free ;)
wait what? the doors open out onto the dick?
i considered tiny is a 200 litres barrel, who ever can make a house of that is the champion !!!!
Nice setup and looks awesome !
I really love this home!!!
That's not a cheap setup.
Washing machine in a bathroom... Never seen that before!
Too many Bids
this is not TINY
i ask myself where do these people get all the money to do this, don't they work near by, etc... because these things are costly too... i want to do the same but i have a job here and my area doesn't accept tiny houses so i don't know where to start :/
Looks like a shower room to me.
The best container house I've seen. Well done!
she has class i like it
Why wouldn't she have a battery storage system for her solar power. Then sell extra runoff energy to the electric company. It doesn't make sense to buy back power during the night time.
What a beautiful space!
very nuoice
If you were able to purchase the lot and the home for $84k, I'd be all over this!
IN AMERICA THEY ARE MAKING IT ILLEGAL TO COLLECT RAIN WATER..!!!
i like it, but isn't the metal lining difficult to insulate?
good job
And all of this probably runs you 800k$
2 12 meter containers turned up today but my stomach is nt strong enough to open the doors how heavy are each doors
I love how she has a disk and multiple cebinits/speer bids hidden throughout.
This is more an example of an off grid home than a tiny home, I think.
Thought was awesome until the price.
Bah! I just watched a 13 minute-long advertisement. Lame!
Sadly I really don't like this. The outside space (as with it all) had so much potential but this cold, characterless decor really let the place down. Just my opinion and I realise we are all different. However, I honestly thought it was horrible.
This is not a tiny house anymore. Sorry.
is not for a place where are many people is kind of solitary. I think in how easy or delicate are the walls to be a victim of many things out of her control like in the balcony with the glasses or plastic.
is very expensive not like others. very good pretty.
A Bid is something you do at an auction, not sleep on. A Disk is something you put into a Cd drive, not something you work at. Sex is not the next number after 5, but something people do when they are bored, or other.  Pliase Kewes, liarn how to spiak proppirly, ets empossebli to undirstand what you air somitems talkeng about.
Just found this channel, and although I have only watched a few videos, I like this one the most. Although I realise this is on the large side of the tiny house movement - and that seems to be ticking some people off - I think this is the most lovely that I have seen so far, and that is disregarding the view. I'm honestly bookmarking her company's website because I would love to own a home like that. I want something small, yes, but I pace when on the phone and want to have a space to be productive, especially since my career and hobbies all require a proper desktop setup. A lot of the tiny houses are just too small, lending themselves to the situation where if you ever came home drunk and fell onto your bed, you'll probably hit your kitchen counter and toilet seat on the way down. And that is just too small for me, I like this as a proper tiny _house_ for me has this feature that basically all houses have... a hallway.
I love this video!!! Like this if you agree
What a fucking accent...
why is this better then my 3 story house 😩
How do you get off grid wifi in a tiny house? Would you get one of those dongle things?
this is my favorite by far
I'm confused did you move from.the last container or did you add on to the existing container u had before??
Amazing
Turn of the subtitles at 4:17 (officers ass beat), LOL.
LOVE THE PATIO AREA !!!!!!!!!
a 40ft, a 20foot and a 40foot outdoor space....WOW...Not Cheap, which living SMALL IMPLIES...
I lived in a 1945 Army barrack  ( Quonset hut ) in Fort Lauderdale , Fl. They were hurricane proof and a lot cheaper then those containers. Plus they are bigger, 20' by 50'.
She used sketchup to design her home. Great!
The outer all weather dining area is LOVELY.
quite cozy and classy another great thinking how to live less but you feel more of the space
I'd do her. She has that hot NZ chick thing happening there.
what was the website she was usoing at 4:44?
Just another ad from people who are selling books ☹️
What a rip off
I prefer the other bathroon but this house is amazing.
👍👍
VERY NICE VEIW TO.
IT DOES LOOK REALLY NICE...
But what about winter??? Doesnt it snow over there?
Really nice :D
Fantastic space!
...and then they fucked
''remember that very little is needed to make a happy life'' amazing quote ! and amazing house !
very cool
I can see myself living in the container home
This is absolutely fantastic!!!
SSSSSSSSSSS    SSSSSSSSSS  SSSSSSSS   SSSSSSSS
wow Have to comment on the real time foldable desk bed.  have to build me one now. Awesome.
Hi neighbor! Is there any room left to plant another container next to you?
very nice. wish I had one.
Quite a bit of an upgrade!
a tiny question..all those applainces run on 220V?..if so...what's the system set up?..how many panels of how many watts,charge controller,battery bank and anything else they want to share please??
Did it bother anyone else that she says " Spear" instead of spare?
Demons have hypocrisy googling out of their invisible horns.
I really liked that desk/bed conversion where did she get that?
This is such a clever design and I would think very cost effective as well considering she keeps the containers grounded instead of raising them on supports.
Anyone know the software she was using at 4:42?
K
on
i think its awesome but I fail to see the benefit of this over a double wide highly customized trailer home.
they said dick instead of deck and bid instead of bed
Lovely😘
Absolutely love this!!!! 😍😍😍
One thing I never got about small houses... they never seem to have a large storage bin outside of the house that locks.  She's wasting that wonderful storage area under her bed for camping gear... even if you go camping once a week, you can just go to an outside storage bin and grab it.  Oh well, maybe she doesn't have so much stuff where it all fits in the house.
Where can we actually buy a container? And how much would it be?
can anyone explain to me why are kiwi's on average, so much more intelligent than australians? I say this as an Aussie
really nice but far from "off grid" ...lol ...
egggsulent
What is that guitar song at beginning and ending?
bleh, too grid dependent ... upon 'upgrading' she obliterated one of the best features (if not _the_ best feature) of her previous home
What the hell with the cheese still life, lol?
great video thankz
I really love the idea of building a house out of containers, and in this house I loved the view and the solutions for tiny spaces, but, it feels like there is no unity in the house. All these things are awesome but they don't seem to form a "home" I would say
What a neat house! I love how bright the interior is and the deck is really lovely :)
what's the point spending that amount of money and living in a shipping container ?  also using main power and water ? doesn't look sustainable or cheap at all ...  We are planning  to build our own 40ft container and I really believe the maximum we'll spend is 15k euro
I love this set up and would love to duplicate it myself with a slightly addition to a bedroom for my son and a guest room. Perhaps a second floor with with a in between size container. is there a build plan for that desk/bed in her office? great way to convert a desk with everything into a bed!! Thanks for sharing thus video.
Beautiful build! Thanks for showcasing this one.
What's the material the deck roof (cover) is made of?
I feel the host did an exceptional job with this spot!
very impressed home made by container
Self-reliant, eco-friendly, very versatile, can accomodate plenty of people, pretty large and beautiful. That's everything I was looking for in my dream shippping container home, and more! Thank you so much, Living Big in a Tiny Home!
I like the doors & windows .    What is the manufacturer ?
lovely home!
She should get dogs
I'm impressed by all those spear beads.
While the video is top quality like all you seem to do and the container house is nice (she can decorate with the best of them). This is far from a Tiny House. Having a two hob stove top in that kitchen, is either wasted space or she doesnt really know how to cook.
wow a dream
Where is this place? what country? what city? look like tropical :D It´s the terrain expensive?
Great idea. I want one
2:27 to avoid thier boring convo
wonderful, she doesn't have to pay $200,000 dollars for home.. no too much space for cleaning
Looks expensive. I really don't think the average Joe can afford such a nice place. Even for a container.
How does this house do in regards to earthquakes?  I understand New Zealand had a terrible one a short while ago.
Awesome!
Mercy
Love this home!
80K plus foundation and equipment. here in Texas that's a new 3 bedroom one and half bathroom home.
umm sure if you contract everything you would have that 40% increase. you can go complete off grid with this same build project for about 50.000$ obviously does these kind of projects for profit.learn how to do it yourself it's not rocket science.
Perfect place and size.  Love the backyard and amazing views. A simple life is a better life I always say.
What about this metal house and lightning dangers?
Disk by day bid my night 😐😒😒😩 oh god she's so annoying
awesome
I work at a restaurant that is made out of shipping containers! Just check out The Gulf!
cool
I could live there. It's not that's small actually
this has to be my favorite by far. AMAZING
looks really good. I thunk my favorite parts were the spear bid under the disk, the inergy effucient fruge ind the bug dick out the bick.
Great video man! Idk she was so gitty she was feeling you low-key homes.
the only  benefit I see on this is that there are no neighbors. other than that, not such a great idea. for $$84K,they are really paying all the bills up front...pure logic
I love that patio/deck/covered porch/screen room. Was it a kit? where can I buy it? how much does it cost? It is a beauty! It is also a great shade of blue. I prefer that freshly painted well-maintained look, as opposed to the rust bucket look. Keep up the good work.
What program was she using to create a 3D model @ 4:44 ? I have been trying to find a good program to create a 3D model of a tiny container home
Does she have to pay for the land? Or did she pick a random corner in the woods and live there? Does she pay property taxes?
How about the rain hitting that metal roof?  Doesn't that create a racket during storms or even a drizzle?
Honestly life goals! Well done to this woman, amazing work! Love the little tricks with the extra beds.
Mooie aanpak, meer toegesneden om in 6 maanden een nieuw onderkomen te betrekken. T.o.v. de ' doe het zelf aanpak'  kost het ook 4x meer, al is het ruim minder dan een stenen huis. De normale kostenpost opbouw is 30% materialen, 70% arbeidsloon.
Very well done!
Awesome  thanks  for sharing
Amazing, very clever
Great job Bryce!  Love the Shipping Container Videos :)
I love your videos.  Love the walk through.  Do not like the slide show ones at all.
spear bid?
can i have the blue print of this project? its really interesting
I want this home. It is so sick.
what type of insulation is used on the interior walls and ceiling
love it
I really want to have one of my own...😊
Can anyone tell me please where can we buy that desk/bed please
just an update-tge Auckland shitty council has outlawed this style of residence
a disk bid?
"Living Off the Grid" - Adventures on an Imperiled Planet....https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/living-off-the-grid-ep/id1148187285
I would have made the 20 ft. extension the master bedroom since she lives alone and made the smaller bedroom / shared office space.
genius!
the way she says "spare bed" gets me every time
That is expensive for the size,i expect consents are an issue here,maybe cheaper set up inside would bring the cost down,the glass alone around the 20 footer won't be cheap. Looks like Titirangi area,so the land would be quite expensive as well.
This doesn't look like a tiny house
I would love to live in one
---
This young lady is amazing.
I would love to have a blue print of your container house. Please post it.  Thank you.
I was hoping the bed in the master bedroom would transform into another bed
$84,000 US?!! OMG that's MORE expensive then building a frame house
What software do you use to design it?
Finally, a tour that focuses on necessary amenities like the kitchen and the bathroom!
WELL DONE!!!! I SEE SHE GOT SOME FUNDING.
This is a beautiful place! This is one of the first 'tiny homes' that I could see myself moving into without much worry. I love the four season deck and the spare room addition. I have thought for some time now that I would use a shipping container if I ever built a place myself, and this is a good example of a job well done with a shipping container!
i love the way she says "bed".
I'm interested in shipping container homes.  I love the versatility of them.  Seriously considering one for retirement. 😊
This house turns out really great, love it!
so so nice...good job mate. thanks for the video.
I love this one....totally beautiful and roomy
A quite well-done show that suffers from awful closed captioning, typical of youtube;  however, it's . . . useful for those of us who speak another version of English.
She is obsessed with "spear bid's".
what is the roof material for the outdoor area that is white?
This is awesome and I have been interested in using shipping containers for a home...well done!
Beed
That desk bed!
I'm out.
i like one
i like to no how get a home like this
Wow amazing and beautiful creativity. I love to owe a house like this....
one person, so many bids!
Awesome - but $84K US for 485 sq.ft is $175 per ft. + site prep - which is on the expensive side of finished new home construction (which includes site prep) - it's inexpensive because it is small, not because of build costs. BUT, it's incredible so well done - I would be happy there for sure :-)
I've been researching into constructing shiping container houses and discovered an awesome website at Magic Container Plans (check it out on google)
how much does a storage container cost , and can I get free a parcel of free space to place it on ?
love it
where is the container home located? the terrain looks like in the waitekere?
Great design however I suspect the life of the metal roof. Would like a pitched roof with a hip. Good job congrats.
Ding ding looney bus has just arrived in town.  Sorry folks....this is hardly a tiny home.  It's the size of most 1 bedroom student apartment.....
How on earth can you say it's relatively cheap when it's Expensive
84000 US dollars.... Thats not cheap!
So it seems like this lady is going backwards... now hooked into mains, now using city water, etc.,
Real tolit   YAA
Fantastic.
That looks cool.
I just randomly ended up on this channel, but I like the content. so I subbed, keep up the good work :)
- What about the General Security... e.g.. robber or burglar..?? .. rats & snakes... - And ..landlords & council regulations, postal & waste collection services..??? - Moreover,.. mosquitoes seems to avoid biting certain people,. esp. those who had lived & grown up in the rural areas...
Too expensive :/
Amazing!
Great job
What city or suburb is this home in? Is it in Auckland?
This is a great looking and functioning home...I'm taking some ideas from you ma'am if that's ok hha
the brilliant build would be keen to build one for me,only change to suit hotter conditions.
I love it
I think a used static caravan that I can buy for £500 would be much cheaper. I don't know why people mess about with shipping containers if all you want is a small home a static caravan is job done. Just find a place to put it.
haha so tax tag and title 90 grand U.S., if someone did there own labor it would be much cheaper...i'm thinking
I loved her old tiny home it's one of my favorites it's just charming.  This one is very nice more spacious I love the outdoor living area. Well done Kelly! 👍
https://www.amazon.com/Shipping-Container-Homes-Prefab-Eco-friendly-ebook/dp/B01HVWE7OE
Impressive!!!!!!
can a person of color live in one of these? living rent free? buy their own land? build how they want?...
I love it!
I enjoyed this video.  Thank you.  I was wondering how noisy is it when it rains?  I imagine the water pelting the metal walls and/or roof would be deafening.  Is it?
$84K lol. Start with the refrigerated Shipping containers to start off insulated.
This is prettier than my house LOL
I simply loved this house!
I love your home, I'm looking for some land and I'm going to sell both of my. stick built homes and buy 2 forty foot containers to build a small cabin.
I\'m not sure but ,if anyone else wants to uncover container home designs plans try Skyarza Container Home Star ( search on google ) ? Ive heard some interesting things about it and my mate got amazing results with it.
I've never quite grasped the concept of a "home" being made out of a "shipping container".  Sort of reminds me of making a fort out of a refrigerator box when I was little.   Or, walking into The Container Store and pointing at the biggest container they have and saying, "Yes, I would like to take a mortgage out on THAT one!"
brilliant house.
Many well thought out ideas here ! I like it very much ! George Wu, AIA, ARCHITECT,NCARB 2016-7-6
Staged container living,  nice concept but this lady does not live in a container, she is selling the concept
The smartest use of containers I have seen was where they put the cans on ground then had a $600 carport added with floor and added stairs. The sun was off the containers and the place had a very airy look to it. One of the dumbest things I think we do (tropical area) is put our appliances indoors. At the very least these appliances should be in a space that is dedicated to not having the air climate controlled. An AC removes heat and an appliance adds heat to your home. You have competing principals.   Another is a refrigerator that stands up. You open the door and the air falls to the floor. HOW RETARDED IS THAT your refrigerator should be laying down just like a chest. You should hover over it to get your things out that way you open it and your air stays in the chest.  Beds to me need to be cubby holes. They should be sealed in from light sound and have the air conditioned this way you get the lower temps required for a good nights rest. If we had just these sleep pods a lot of energy could be saved globally.
Great video but way to expensive considering that the container should cost you $7 max.
I don't really fancy blue, not  until I've seen this one. I love many of the features in this home and I especially love the outdoor patio.
see, i love the way she did that... she fixed her house to where more than one person could live there... i just came from another video and this couple says that maybe a child could live there but no more. it seems as though she used on large storage container. in the other video this couple used two. yeah... i think that i could design a home suing two for myself, a toddler, and a baby.
How can you not know this a kiwi accent.....The most clear accent in the world. not an aussie or sth african. great vid
I;m drooling over that canopy and deck. When I get my land, I'll add one like this for the summer. I love her designs. The other one was brilliant, as well. Congratulations! I love seeing smart women, who usually get no notice. Thanks for the video. So informative.
I live in a water tank
clever space saving/storage furniture
wow this container home is amazing....it's a dream come true.  I want one!!!!!!!!!!!
Loved her original container home and now this beauty! What was the waste water system she used?
Great video; what is the name of the barrel type (shape) roof awning that she used on the deck? and what's the name of the company she purchased it from. Thanks for sharing.
I'm interested in the white canopy covering your outdoor living area.  Can you tell me what it is please?  Thank you. Lynn
i really wanna have one
This place is literally bigger than the apartment/unit im living in :/
What is a bidroom?
what sort of desk is that?
this was an awesome video! keep up the good work. 👍
This is nice but it seems as expensive as a regular house. correct me if I'm wrong.
Beautiful Design...
Are these houses available in Australia? What are they worth?
Spectacular.  She's an inspiration.  Awesome home and I loved her first one as well.   Not sure why people have to get negative about her making a business out of it. I think that's clever.
Nice, but too sterile. A well placed plant, or colorful vases, please! Good on you though, very nice use of space.   /:o)
This build plus an upstairs is my dream home! :D
Bryce..we know you are doggin'..post the most
whats a speer beed?
Awesome!
Now ..This house is truly Amazing! Thank you for sharing! :))
Not tiny why not just build a house?
This rocks!! Love the patio!!
I could not understand what she was mumbling about most of the time . She said "EM" after every sentence ! Is that an abnormal brain glitch thing ?
She is a Doctor Who fan? It's bigger inside!!!
Almost $90 thousand American dollars.....You can buy 40ft cans for about $2 thousand. Where is the rest of the money going? (and that's not including the foundation support or anything exterior) But it still looks nice, just a little steep!
AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!   WONDERFULL    thank you for posting  this
Thinking out of the Box...Wow...
my dream house, simple, modern and go green ^_^
super awesome site work  the solar has a bit of shading from the sun room awning, easy to fix, slide those mods up out of the shade
The comments below on the accents are absolute gems. I would love to know the cost of her mortgage.
In the U.S., the power companies really ding you for being grid-tied.  They have really good lawyers/lobbyists.
She's a good saleswoman.
i love thi8s tiny house. I would actually want this exact house. however where i live in england would mostly just be a dream
$100k + to live in a shopping container?? I thought it would be much less. There are homes selling over here for like $100k-$130k and they're decent sized. I love the novelty factor of a shipping container home, but I could probably just buy a house for the same price or a bit more and have WAY more room.
very nice home...
I am so in love with this home! It's amazing!
A Few dollars of siding and no one would ever know you live in a box used for shipping dildos from china.
Absolutely incredible. This woman is a god damned inspiration.
Great job .
doesnt it get noisy if it rains?
I want one just like it
I want one just like it
The interior is decorated to be very cold looking, but the space is great and the outdoor room is dynamite! Everyone has different tastes and it's easy to see how someone could take the same space and paint/decorate differently and have something that not only works, but suits them as well. This lady is definitely a role model!
I just saw her shirt and it says container house , this video sucks
A. Where did she get the desk bed B. Not as good as her old one 😕
hmm you lost a lot of weight...hope everything is well. The video of living big in a tiny house is getting better !!! Love it overall not forget to mention love Brenda Shipping container home
$84,000? For that much I can buy a fixer upper that increases in value each year! (at least in my area)
No thanks. I can buy a nice real house for $86,000.
YIZZ
hi everyone ,if anyone else wants to learn about cargo container home try Jaffacter  Container Home Coach (Have a quick look on google cant remember the place now ) ? Ive heard some incredible things about it and my co-worker got amazing results with it.
Awesome home. This is a cool new progressive step in efficient living. I love it!
That is an impressive large mini! Loved it.
It is great can't wait to get one!
My 1832 s.f. beautifully designed and appointed stick-built home cost me $132,000.00. Stick-built being about the same price with considerably more space and conveniences. As it happens, though, I also own horse property on acreage in Scottsdale, Arizona, where I have a two-shipping container house currently being built as time and money allow. It hasn't cost me near that much. I guess it all depends on where you are, who is doing the work and how much you are willing to do on your own. I should point out that I have been in the build-industry for 20-years, and have worked for civil, architectural and contractors, so perhaps that has lent to a knowledge base that saves money - I don't really know. All that said, this is a great little home.
Just my 2c but you it would be good if you show a full overview of the whole place at the very beginning of the video so we have an idea of how it all fits together as the owner goes through each section of the house.
Whats the music in the intro? <3 it .D
sweet home 🔧
Amazing! I am a bit green with envy.
I recognize some of the Ikea furniture, but I'd like to know what the desk/bed is. Brand? Who sells it? Thanks!
çok guzel
why don't you take a day and clean your scraggly beard and hair, damn you look like a fuking homless dipshit.
she has a nice disk and bid.
I can build that for about fifty or sixty thousand and I'm not talking s*** about her because it is really nice but 4500 or 60000 I can have that thing self-contained totally green don't however you want shipped wherever you want the shipping will cost a little bit more depending on where you're at but these people are ridiculous whenever they show these little tiny houses under Trail its 25 foot and yeah I got 60,000 and they show the shipping container I like yeah I got a hundred and twenty thousand it is just blows my mind that you're going to sit here and try to lie to me and tell me that you got that much money into something like that whoever your contractor was ripped you off if you really want something built nice contact me I'll give you all my contacts just leave me a note here
Nice job on the water management. If anyone knows how to accomplish a similar setup, or the identical one, I would be interested in knowing the components and the design concept. We are interested in building affordable housing projects for homeless people and want to be able to use rain water collection, filtration, and vermiculture septic processing all with no power and gravity fed systems. Please private message me with details. Thank you, so much, in advance for your time, kind consideration, and help.
cool  amazing ...wow
$122,000 + consents, site works, tax. So... $150k+ to live in a container - and that EXCLUDES the cost of the land itself...  Dude, you got ripped off.
too small for all that work.well done though
Spectacular!
Where do I need to live to live in one of these containers???
Also that joinery looks super expensive. why not get a second hand single glaze option and do a retrofit laminate to achieve the same thermal performance?
can you ask owner the where she got her desk bed from?
i love your channel and the videos in it. Ur giving me motivations and hopes.....Thank you !
84, K   US wow really
I would like to get the floor plan for this one . just fantastic
Im kiwi myself and i can't stand her accent.
S
really love the energy efficiency and that desk bed! I'd like to order one please for my office! maybe sell the patient to a larger corp?
For the prize there are far more elaborate RV type solutions. Not a money saver in many way, mostly an alternative.
Lightning on those metal walls.. hell nawhhh
where did she get that Sofa that doubles as a bed. I want one
Do you have a list of shipping container home builders I can work for?????
Over a 50 year lifetime(legal requirement) it costs $2,400/year. Reasonable compared to other finished products/sqm.
how much would it cost for shipping and handling
And she's playing the Sims :)  That resource furniture she's got going on is not cheap though. It's wonderful, but not cheap...
thats amazing home
Hi Bryce - you knocked another one out the park - great job my friend!  Take care!!
This is an awesome home  great design inside and for storage as well
In Cimahi - Indonesia with that much money I can buy a house with 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 parking lot, living room, kitchen and a backyard which you can build another room if you want to.   Great video, very inspiring :)
THIS is something I would consider living in!  Small, but not claustrophobic!
The wall cladding can be installed with as large a gap as you want, leaving as much room for external insulation as required. The roof of course will have plenty of space for insulation, saving internal space.
The external cladding roof would also cover any extensions added to the container.
The Cladding roof will also keep down rail/hail noise. Correct angle and direction would make solar panel installation easy.
Buy a used container for a fraction of the cost, add external cladding. In whatever colour / design you want. Much cheaper and will not  look like a container.
The most beautiful thing about this house is the size of your bank debt and your monthly running costs. Dont forget to use the Edison batteries for your battery bank, they last over 100 years lead acid batteries are not cost effective as they only last for around 300 cycles if you work them hard.
perfect!!
It's worth pointing out that this would be a great home in earthquake or wildfire country.  This is, while not tiny, one of the best alternative housing options I've seen.
Now what does a normal house with the same squarefeet/squaremeters cost in the area? $80.000-$90.000 is quite a lot. But as a HOUSE it's cheap comparing to the prices here in Denmark Scandinavia. Around half the price of house with around 70-80 squaremeters.
Fantastic! Thanks!
I hate small houses.... fucking hate them.... no room to do anything. a larger version of this would be ideal.
wow
There is absolutely nothing "spectacular" about living in a steel box.
you call this tiny by regulair house standards ?  my 2 room apartment is like half the size of this
Human civilization should apply the space utilization design philosophy when building any/all structures for the sake of good, well thought out design, and not just out of necessity, dictated by the limitation of space.
I live in the USA how do I get one of these house. Better yet we need a whole neighborhood of these.
A whole new meaning to trailer trash.
So brits have no building codes.
Isn't the idea of a tiny home to save money? This looks soooo expensive 0_o
omg it's so beautiful I really want to move into one of this... how much did it took you to build it.?
I love this style of living,who says that bigger is better,I would love to have a home like this its really nice and cozy..and uncluttered,it has to be that way because its so little,love that!
This the direction we should be taking, when it comes to new home construction.  Instead of the little mansions they keep building. And with all the natural disasters that seem to be increasing, we are not loosing so many of our resources when they strike.
what's the point of unlike this video?  Great review again.
I had a dream where I lived in a home like this
As far as costs how much was it after closing costs/down payments?
Its to make rich people who can afford this, feel good about themselves.. Nice though for what it is..
My gosh, it cost as much as a regular house. I guess the benefit is being able to set in places where builders can't built.
Thats a shitload of money for construction alone .
all the best always God bless you and yours
Such great hugs, I like to imagine you had great playtime after that nice video trough
it really urked me the way he left her door open
no speh bid on the dick?
Cost is outrageous ...
Don't worry. Marxist watermelon eco freaks will declare tiny homes to be harmful to the environment too in no time.
Awesome
someone teach her that an E is not an I hahahahaha nice house though. lots of spare bids
gostei espetacular magnifico
Nice House
I remember Brenda speaking so passionately about this when I worked with her and I was so excited to see the final result! So amazing.
where you supposed to put all your long boxes of comics??
amazing i wana one
I knew she was kiwi when she said yes
But if you done this in Britain, You'd be considered strange as fu*k.
Oh, I thought the wardrobe thing (one with the squares) would be another bed hahaha :D
What about the security in that place?
What a funny accent 😃
i would love a house like this
Beed :D
Great ideas. Btw, the fabric roof partly shades some pv cells at the bottom of some pv modules. The limited current applies for all other cells in the substring of the module as well, so you miss a lot more power than area is shaded.
NO BOMB SHELTER NEEDED ! HAH !
most people live in a small place because they may have no other choice (we grew up dirt poor, 6 people in a 1 bedroom apartment). and these folks actually seek it out. I don't get it...
I guess it's different in other countries in terms of living space. We here in the US are used to very large spaces. When my wife and I visited Europe, we were surprised at how small the hotel rooms were. For my money, I prefer the American standards.
I admire your creativity and your commitment to small foot print.  I would like to know more about the "blinds" that you use for that awesome indoor-outdoor room.  I have been researching tiny homes for quite sometime and I am really impressed with all of your ideas.  Please let me know if you have a blog or newsletter
Way to expensive! Rather stay in small 200sqft for $15,000. Great video.
where can I buy this? great for some property in the islands!!!
How much to rent
The cost blows it. $82.000 is a lot per square meter. More than most houses.
yes yes yes, but you cannot drop it in the middle of a wood or beach...
What an amazing idea! Very inspirational
It's a fucking freight container?! What is good about living in an ugly steel box?!
"Disk by day, bid by night" "Very nice dick area" - -Australians- edit: *New Zealanders*.﻿
What's a spi bid?
You earned another subscriber.
No land tax?
Oh, this is lovely~!  Thanks for sharing this.
I love her "disc bid"  with the computer desk which folds up to a bed ( in case you don't understand her interpretation of desk bed to disc bid. but would have a hard time putting up with that accent . Really hard time.
have you guys built anything in California? I'm get close to doing it would like some help/tips on designing.
Why there is no hot tub on that beautiful deck area is beyond me, such a view.
ok were do you find land to put the container
what is up with that crazy hair and that english accent of yours, Shia Laboeuf?!
imagine that shipping container in the hot sun for a few hours, insulation or not that thing will turn on a oven!
A video of" How to build your own shipping container home" should be made and their should be no homeless people in America. we are shipping the empty containers back to China, now.
I've always wanted to do this, I can't believe how great it looks!
Love the house. kinda reminds me of quagmires house in family guy with all the secret beds lol
isnt it noisy in rainy season?
Thats $173 a sq.ft. That's high for midwest USA
The old US nanny state will figure out a way to forbid it.
Got to love IKEA!
I want a deesk beed.
grid tied systems suck...cut the strings and disconnect from the grid
HOW MUCH~!!!
nice lady.
I love the way that Kiwis talk about their deck, especially when it's a big one
the price of a container is 5000
I'm curious about where she got that couch.
love this idea
the great thing about it , in theory is fully PORTABLE  they could spend some days in Spain or Portugal without leaving home
Pretty freaking awesome!
With a little bit more of designer accents and possibly unanchoring feature from the foundation,  I could easily live in a set of these!👍
This is actually quite nice. It appeals to me.
that's horrifying that people allow themselves to live that way...
This box is 174 dollars per square foot. That is higher priced per square foot then a custom luxury home. A prefab home is around 55/ square foot, so you could literally get a house 3.5 times larger for the same price.
Im in asia where the climate is hot all years...my question where do they get the solar panel? What kind of bank of it is use..what insulator do they use for the container..if a company is reading this..you can make fortune..
4:41 that desk is bowing.....what I have at my desk I'd be afraid it'd break
How do I get one in California ?
It's beautiful 👍
trailer park gettin a serius upgrade.
fantastic
You can do the same thing with wood for the same amount of price... I'm disapointed
Cant see how a traditional frame and joist would not be more efficient use of funds and material
What a view.
This is so depressing
Wow she really thought outside the ... ... ... no, I can't bring myself to say it.
Not wheel chair accessible... :^(
I want one of my own,Great Video!!!
That's Amazing!! Looks Great!
I could so live in a space like that.. right now my current house burns 3000 kwh a month.. with 4 adults and 1 kid living in it.. which i think is alot.. id love to just move my wife and i to a space like this .. as long as shes got room for her sewing machines .. shed be happy..
Very nice love the outdoor view.
Brilliant.
She can't be trusted bottom of her feet dirty
Many many $$$ for living like Bogans,hehe....
150k usd for 500sq. ft?.. What is the logic?
somehow I doubt anyone is heading on over to stay with this chic. At least enough people to need all these beds. 😂
you got to be a bit unhappy to need constant signs round your house reminding you to be nice or happy
This is THE most amazing design I have ever seen! How can I repeat all of this in the USA?
can I get one????
look good
i want this
she sends a lot of time in IKEA :P
These would solve the homeless problem at a cheap cost.
It's like all together about 1200 square feet. It's not small at all. Everything is top of the line in it.  It is cool but title is misleading.
people listen to Quran
Why would you pay that much to live in a small space that's inconvenient! No thanks!
send some of these to the poor countries
These are ground level bunkers.
Awesome! !!
Man with some vinyl siding you'd never know
Are you sell the plans?
I love this! Really want one!well done!
Yes, thank you, Awesome.
how many speh bids does she need?
How is this considered a small home when it's bigger than some trailers people live in?
Congrats on the new home. Very inspiring!
Totally AWESOME container home !!!!!!!   Never saw one as WELL THOUGHT-OUT as this ..... :)
What about summer and heat ? Living in a metal box ?
This is one of the best small scale container homes I've seen in a while! Brilliant design!
Need more of these in the US.
I would love this place this is cool
Great to see a clueful owner using ISO containers in a PRACTICAL manner as modules!  If you build a container structure this is one to copy.   I would use High Cube spec containers for the considerable internal height difference with the same footprint and would paint the roof if not the whole structure in white industrial (NOT big-box hardware store) roof coating for energy efficiency. I did so with my 2x High Cube container shop and it worked very well.   If you want to blend with your surroundings,, coat the sides as you like but ensure your roof is coated with a product which resists "ponding" and consult with an industrial roof contractor or study contracting forums. I suggest not beginning with a 20' container unless you are forced to by lot space constraints as the price is typically within several hundred dollars of a forty-foot High Cube. Incidentally, some camouflage patterns are visually interesting and can make your container vanish behind trees and shrubs. Camo done right works with the landscape and doesn't look like some military artifact (though some people like that, I just wanted to avoid the usual "some asshole dumped a sea can in their yard" result. Barn paint schemes work well if you live in a suitable area. Paint can give any attractive illusion you want and the best way to thickly coat a container is by brush and roller.   A container is a great structural improvement over typical single-wide mobile homes. They are good to over 100mph wind speeds unanchored. I suggest having a power pole with a panel and outdoor outlets placed before you start construction so you will have very convenient site power during your build. I did that then connected my shop via a typical weatherhead arrangement. You can ground your welding machine to the shell then run your stinger where you like. If connecting two ISOs a suitcase feeder is handy. You or your weldor can usually rent any needed equipment but buying it is trivial compared to construction cost and you'll have the gear for life.  If you are not familiar with containers, build yourself a shop first! You get an immediately usable shop with tool and material storage, which is why containers are so often used on job sites.
l would  love  such  a  lovely  small place no stairs  AWSOME  to that .lovely  building  .
114 people overpaid for their bigass homes with space they'll never use :)
How much does it costs? I am planning to have a pre fabricated house similar to this one, but I don't know on how to do the interiors.
this one looks like a fortress (and I love both this and her old place). That kitchen and outdoor area! OMG that office bed! This lady knows how to design stuff!
Jessie James,you are an idiot.  Go and find out how much it would cost to put that many solar panels and a power management system and battery storage system in your motorhome with "stinks" and then have a deck the same size constructed on a steeply slopping section and get back to us. Then convert to our currency and see how much you've spent
simply amazing  use of space  and technology
talk about living in a oven in the summer
Nice home. What has happened to the Australian accent? 'Disk', 'Bid'?
that's some very cool ideas. I look forward to the day when I can build one too, though I wouldn't have to pay as much as she did.
This woman is a genius
Fantastic.
i want one T_T
Could you build me a free home? i need help.
To the homeowner:  Stunningly nice job on the house.  Great in every respect.  However, your speech borders on incomprehensible.   For the love of all that's holy, please slow your speaking way, way down, and use some punctuation (commas, periods, etc).  Any listener would appreciate it, even the ones who will rush to tell me that I shouldn't have said this.
bare foot on gravel what kind of barbarian are you
give me this house instead of a villa any day
Nice concept but the problem out here is the permit and cost of land...there is noway here in California they allow you to have your homemade septic/non approved structure etc. The cost of the land is even worse...
really good camera work, a really nice home. how did you get an aerial shot of that, though?
The cost is horrendous, but there are so many fantastic ideas in this home!
$122.000+gst for the entire unit including enclosed deck !? want one ..where do i sign up ?
I love those accents.
Too bad the US government is against the tiny home concept. I'm sure the home builder lobby is buying Congressmen to pass laws against them.
Informative video ! Although this maybe doesn't strictly qualify as a tiny home, I think many viewers are also interested in living big in a small home.
Gday phuckaz
Are you single now?
whats the difference in this ,than in a trailer aka modular home .. put 20 of them side by side ull have a container park.. lol all u need is some junk cars in the yard and people standing around drinking beers
$84,000 for that is insane I could get one built bigger for a lot less half that cost but I think it's still beautiful container home
Good job
When she put the desk down and turned it into a bed... That was so awesome!
That desk bed is slick and was I the only one that picked up her pass? (Not to have a dirty mind apologies).. She is highly intelligent and I'm amazed here! The water and electrical!!! If everyone lived like this planet earth may have a chance..
this is just awesome...
A really beautiful home
Container in USA cost 2500 dollars, in Arizona you can get a real home for 85,000 dollars.... how is this better?
where can i find the video you did on her before? i did try looking for it but wasn't successful
Certainly beats a 30 year mortgage . Hurricane proof, GREAT security, minimal maintenance, easily owner modifiable......... You can bet the mortgage and construction industries will fight these hammer and tongs.
Great video. I think it is a bit of a shame to hear her say in the end of the video that people cannot build this themselves. I mean, as far as I remember from the first video, she talked about building everything herself with her farther or something like that. I think a part of the tiny house idea is that you can do it yourself and save a lot of money and gain some freedom from work and stress. I would have liked her to say that people can certainly build something smaller / simpler themselves, but that they can also choose to pay professionals to do it. Just my 2 cents. I still really like her ideas here and in the first video.
very clever thinking..
could you advise her to move the solar panels further back?  two of the panels are getting shaded at the bottom and a panel is only as good as its weakest cell ;)
Add a Tesla Power wall! :)
Awesome!
Very nice, good size for a place not moving around,, Enough of that when are we going to see more on your THOW. You have to be getting close on moving into it are did I miss an episode ?
A few thoughts, after reviewing the video and reading a lot of the comments.  If this is what passes for economical housing in NZ, then I'm glad I don't live there, I don't care how beautiful the place is.  Acreage in Texas with a reasonably sized home (1400 sq ft or so) will set you back (depending on whether you are near a big city or not) less than $200K.  This "tiny" home craze is just that.  Crazy.
How is this a tiny home?,is this not just a static caravan? And a big one at that..are they selling the containers?...that's what this video feels like,a sales video,no character or self build ethos
canadianiam-no doubts NYC ,TOKYO,and a few others are very expensive but a recent survey of OECD countries put Auckland in the top 20(I think) highest cost of living cities.  Other places in NZ are much cheaper but a very few are more expensive a Queenstown for example
the price of this tiny ugly house is outright robbery.  This makes no sense.  It looks like big business has done it again.  They are making money off of key terms like 'tiny house' and 'energy efficient' to make themselves rich and make you look like you are smart and helping the planet.  I have bought many houses, and this container is ugly, and not near worth the price.  You are also constrained by the ugly container size.  Conventional building is much quicker, easier, and readily available.  This 'going green' scam is a joke
karl bilodeau-yesterday I laid 3/4 cube of concrete. 1/2 cube and 3 bags cement cost $108.drywall-giboard over $20 per sheet but used sheetrok brand about half price  Framing timber extremely expensive here but didn't use any-all recycled,but the worst par is a person is no longer allowed to build their own house,all structural matters and anything else on the restricted build list(including piles and concrete slabs) must be done by a licensed building practitioner  A good container is already weather tight but any of the windows,doors must have the welded brackets done by a licensed welder who also holds a licensed building practitioners license. Not sure on council regs but much cheaper to build it yourself as a portable home then most of the building code does not apply. You would then need an electrical warrant of fitness for a mobile home IF you choose to run mains power to it. You are still allowed to do your own electrical work but if you sold the house you would need to get the work signed off by a registered sparky,and none will sign off work they didn't do.
It;s so expensive, how can we live off grid?
Does anyone have a link to the previous video they mention? The smaller 1 container space that she lived in during the bigger build? Cheers!
I never understood the concept of large rooms. If you' don't need the space, all it does is collect dust. It's really a dick waving contest.  Silly, really.d
I would love to live in a house like this. But despite the lady's claims of Eco-friendliness, it would have taken plenty of conventional energy sources and pollution to refit and weld the containers, then ship them up the hill on heavy trucks, and who knows what other industrial equipment was used to piece this together and prep the living site. In the long run, probably much better than standard homes, though. But then maybe not.  According to architect Lloyd Alter: "There is a lot more steel in a shipping container than you actually need for a building; that's so they can be stacked full nine high and get  tossed around the ocean and thrown on trucks and trains. It's really  being wasted when it's put into a house. And as Mark (Hogan) notes, you can  probably build it faster and cheaper than bringing in a welder and  mucking up a shipping container."
your so beautiful with life as it should be love you
Am i correct in presuming that you government requires you to be plugged into the grid?
The drone footag is upgrading your video a lot!!
absolutely beautiful 😊
i like all this eco friendly houses and tiny houses... but this contry is sooo money obsessed that after all those tiny houses documentaries and shows they have become so expensive that i cant affort them now. i went to a random web site and the cheapest tiny house sold for $60,000 ! i can buy a house with that money where i live... whats the purpose ? can someone explain ..!
Amazing!
superb give them ideas thyl be putting us in them next.
she says the word bed so damn funny
Love This Home
Fuck me that's expensive. I bought a 40ft shipping container for $2K and fitted it out for another $3K, other than my own labor i have a $5K house. so it actually is that easy.
AMAZING
lol 40 foot house, have all the inconveniences of living in nyc without the expensive prices
Lovely home. But after seeing 10 Cloverfield Lane, I'm kinda scared of tight spaces like this.
That is so cool,I would interested in cost if that is available.
more then one 40 footer is a regular size house.
Solarpower on the roof ........................Radiator and Aircondition inside  makes sense, NOT
faaarrrrr tooo expensive..........
great use of space, but too small bedroom wise.
I thought the idea of small homes was to make them cost effective for the masses?, seems alot of cash for a much smaller house.
Nice job... https://youtu.be/slsJmN2AdXY?t=584  You might want to move those PV panels back about 30 cm to avoid the shadow off the veranda roof.
What is so special about the insulation requirements and why bother with fixed utilities. This container would be classed as movable if the structural integrity was maintained and would void most building codes the same as a movable cabin or caravan
It is amazing. tiny but practical and well-designed.
Wow! I loved it! Wish I could live on one of these beautiful shipping containers soon!
You's are both lame as fuck n hard to listen to!!! Thumbs down 👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽
Thank you for another great video. Greatly appreciated.
Have you acted on any NZ ads? Your voice sounds familiar
I have to say. This is absolutely brilliant. So smart and well thought out. Im very impressed.  I am curious as far as I know metal gets really hot in the summer, doesnt it heat up terribly in the summer?
Where in New Zealand is this home?
Just lift a piping hot bowl of soup out of the microwave on top of the fridge,tips it over* "AHHHH! AHHHHH !STEAMING HOT SOUP AND CROUTONS IN MY EYES!CROUTONS!
Really brilliant :)
That's expensive.... I got double wide Mobile home build brand new fully furnished for 60,000 flat. tax included.
the refrigerator costs more then both containers lol
How do get in contact with her and inquire  more information about the cost of a container house like hers ?
this is at least 3 units joined into one,,, you can buy  containers that are pre insulated,, and dealers will cut doorways,, windows into them a delivery and join them on site,,,  they offer nearly used,, to nearly scrap units,, they will repaint them as well,,, leaving you to do the fitting out,,,
I would rock this quick. Very nice.
+MiNEGRAesHERMOSA check this out
Thanks for this. It's an excellent interview, with good information.
I wanna it, does anyone know how to buy one ??
filter and drink rain water its tastes better!
You guys are killing the greedy bankers. They will hate you.. LOL
I am really impressed with the desk turned into a bed - very nice option for small spaces and having overnight guests. Wonderful episode, thanks!
Whats wrong with people in general is they have no problem doing to others what they dont want to do to them selves. her thinking was to get out of a rent trap, but she has no trouble as soon as she is out of it , to put someone else into it.
hi tech ultra latest tech smart home
I think its a great idea. But it is not for me. I love my space!
i Love it
I love it. How much do you spend money in it so far?
Awesome indeed. Would you so kind as to share the plans to building the computer desk into a bed with me ? Thanks in advance.
how much is for all that..??
' that is so nice metal home... but the front door is a so small and how can bring a big thing go in the home... be carefully that rain rain alot can cause the metal getting rusty easily
07062016: Silly...
Cool setup but for that price I build my self a 44'x44' house all in ICF
Please do something with that hair of yours.
Fantastic ..always. . beautiful container home brenda congrats. .for Bryce I would be more than happy to give you a new haircut only if im near you but haha only greetings I can do considering im on the other side of the world. Greetings from Philippines..oh you still look gorgeous sorry
Do have information on the covering for the deck? What company sells that or sells plans for that type of structure?
depressing! no windows to look out. this way u cant see if someone is walking up to your front door.
Wow what a cool house! Id love to live in that, I used to live in a tin shack I knocked up in the bush when I was prospecting for gold. I loved it but this is an absolute  castle. lol
What a lovely little home. I must admit I'm a bit envious. The location is marvelous as well. It's all so well designed. Bravo. Thanks for sharing.
do Australians not do dryers for laundry?
maravilha. moraria fácil assim. adorei
You could put more than one container together. Upgrade as you go.  Even set them to the side for years until needed. If you have room to store them, i would buy a bunch.
best I have seen. Would love to see how the walls and windows were done.
What people need to recognize is that those shipping containers are only the skin of the exteriors "or" the interiors of these homes, meanwhile all the rest of what makes up real functioning houses(Foundations, plumbing, electrical, insulation, vapour-barriors, interior paneling or exterior siding, etc.) still has to be hung upon these shipping container-skins.   I'm all for the reuse concept, absolutely, but there's always so much more than just these metal shipping-container-shells where home building's concerned. Oh, not to mention permits from our Dictatorships' cronies. :-)
I see too much people building their tinny home and then start a tinny home business... I think that people go tinny because thay can do it their selves
The dark blue exterior is mesmerizing!
is that guy a mix of bradley cooper and mathew macouneghey
Proof that you don't need a castle to live like a king/queen.
i love it
this tiny house trend is just stupid.
Why I have never thought to put my laptop on top of my printer?
No cats!
PEACE VERY NICE! HOW MUCH DOES THIS COST?
awesome, but what is a "spee bid"? just kidding.
This strikes me as the perfect size for someone who has been living in a conventional house - like, say a ranch home of 1-2K square feet - but isn't quite able to make the leap to a truly tiny home.  It's just beautiful. And all those amazing bed options! That was wild. Love it.
thats at least 200,000 total
LOVE IT SO MUCH...!!!
Brilliant!
I love it, great for 1 two persons.
I would love to know more about these storage desk bed!! Really would like to know if I can purchase all the furniture/storage pieces!! I need that Queen sized bed now!!!
too much!! is she an architect or interior designer...or what?
How many beds do you need?!
I'm kinda of a hands on guy, could you make or show a video of how you built the inside.
Away from competitive life of a congest city.  Economically manageable reducing monthly stress.  Congratulation you are a genius.
What is the insulation rating on the container home compared to a house and what is it made from??
you need big bucks only for the solar panels.
To me personally this isn't a tiny house, it's about the same size of my husband and mine apt. it's super cute thou, I would live it.
love it! where did you get that couch?
this is so awesome!!! well done
Whats it like in Summer i could imagine a steel house would get really hot
Awesome Tiny house!
Stunning and clever. Love it. ;-)
Not really all that livable except in a mild climate.  Build it in Arizona or Minnesota in the US, you roast or freeze in that most of the year due to not being able to keep the doors open.
This is the UN Agenda 21 concept of getting people use to the idea of living in Pack 'M Stack' Em units.
Beautiful.
hope someday i want this.
I want to live there and isolate myself from society.
WOW! That container home is AMAZING!
How is the progress on your tiny house.......The one with the metal framing and etc.  Inquiring minds want to know!   You no wut I'm saying ?
can i get the names of the things she bought that are energy efficent? appliances and gray water system?
WOW amazing house and i'm eager to have like this when i retire from being employee. 1000 thumps Up!
That collapsing desk-bed thing at 4:23 is a work of art.  The other fold-out beds are also very clever, but that desk-bed thing is fantastic.  Where did she get it or was it custom made?  On another note, I would love to know how much trouble she had getting building consent for this.  Councils do not like anyone who thinks outside the box, so a custom design like this usually costs a fortune to get consent for, simply cos you are not building using accepted building materials and products.  The consent was probably twenty grand of the total in back-and-forth council bullshit.....
I wan't one <3
OMG ! I want 1 built in the USA!   Who do I contact?
where can someone find that curved roof system?
Great interview. It's a functional design. Just enough of everything you need. Keep up the great work with the features. This channel just keeps getting better.
Dark Blue... "cool" color ~ heat magnet ?
A great home.  Can you provide more information on the water and waste system?
in love with this place!
Very nice - good luck with your business. Cheers, Patrick
this is the best home i've seen on this channel!
Is there a company name or link available for that vermicomposting toilet/septic system?  I've been searching online but have not come up with anything at the commercial/retail level.   Thank you.
Nice. If you want to live in a shithole. Why not just move to afghanistan ya creep
Thumbs up !
best of the best!  love it!  👌💗
nice container home
holy crap that is amazing
how does one find a designer for such a home? this place is extremely well designed with each bit of space utilized efficiently.
Beautiful!!!
40 ft container in the uk £ 3,000 to £ 12000
What was that wrap around deck on the end where the master bedroom is located? There is no exit anywhere in the home to get out onto it??? What's the point of having a nice deck that you have to go outside and walk around the fence to get to it? Not very smart and he did not even show it as a part of the video.  Really disappointing....when the video shows a nice deck attached and they don't even address it is lame!
USD$175 per square foot? hell no.
Is it resistant to earthquake ? I think it should be.though it really is a good vacation home
Do you not have to pay rent to your government for the land you own?
Can you share some links on some of the feature and other items used in the house. Thanks
how much cost
thanks so much very nice
i think a lot of people wants a house like that into woods or somewhere near the towns but we will take the space of animals if we all do like this... along with that they will suffer because of us...
Cool house.But the woman needs some annoying neighbors
Well done!
Where i live the problem is the cost of the land and building permissions. If you want to live anywhere near a city, it'll be almost impossible to find an economic piece of land, if any land at all. It would cost the same or more than a regular apartment.
Das is wat i am talking about Supper 10/10
The Masturbateroom
how much such a thing cost total??? and who can I talk to to design one of these for me???thanks....plz plz plz connect me to this woman so I can ask all kinds of questions
Love to Have
Love the color
Wonderful home.  Nice to see she moved up to a larger space,  Love the attached patio space.
Do you think the Tesla Powerwall will make much difference to how solar is used?
boring ikea shit
very nice finishes and all .. but it's not really 40-foot container, is it?  actually 60-foot + the deck.  I saw the title and thought she had doubled, rather than tripled her space.
gr8  place  to  be  !
Absolutely
Amazing house!  I'd love to do something similar sometime.
beautiful home . enjoy
When you see people living in dustbins I believe you can build a house for $1000, her living standards are just very high.
Please have a look to my container house in Malaysia. 4 unit of containers were used and details can be found in our http://instagram.com/rumahkontena   Come here someday and im happy to host you and your gf
Nice job all the way around. Have to say, the view is enough to make me want to live there and all the furniture she incorporated to do double duty is amazing! I'll bet it cost a pretty penny for the furniture, but if she has alot of guests,which I'm assuming she does, who wouldn't appreciate those sleeping arrangments? Great video! Bryce isn't to hard on the eyes either!
spear bid.
Great video, lovely home beautiful lady well done, all the very best for the future..... Mark
Hey! Could you make a video with some information about water storage and rainwater collection system? I´m on a project of a tiny house and i didn´t find any information about. That would be great. Greetings from Brazil!
can anyone tell me what that waste system is called?
nice thank you
does anyone have any idea what this beyotch was saying? I have never heard of this language before period they need to make one with subtitles so I can figure out what the f*** these people are saying.
Very inspiring.  Isn't it awesome to see people assessing where they currently are in  life, making REALLY smart decisions that put them in control.  I bet this will be the start of a great financial future for Brenda.
Thanks for sharing and I think you have done a great job...what a view. Impressive, intelligent lady who is passionate about her life - I am humbled.
Very nice update on a previous site.  Did you do part of the filming with a Drone?  You can get a lot of great shots with them.  The aerial shot was a great touch.  She sure is a lucky person having such a beautiful location for her home.  So glad to see a new video from you Bryce.  Great Job!
Thanks again for a great video. This was a very down to earth with costs and planning. Still SO much cheaper than a normal house.
Wow, great place,but seriously costly.
Amazing,  I really love the extra storage.
So how is this better than just building a cabin? I'm new to this container concept.
I love these houses, this channel, and the way it's hosted.  Really amazing quality, definitely my favourite TinyHome channel. <3
Hello, what type of toilet did she have and what were the benefits. Sorry, I had trouble with the accent.  Thank you for your response.
Hello, can you tell me what your septic costs and what is the size,???
where does she get the beds from
do we know the name of her business?
nice small house the savings have to be amazing
Thank you for really showing the full home and most importantly telling the cost! I too am building a container home and have found it so hard to get the cost others have paid for me to use as a reference. Very well done interview! Thanks again!
Tramping! Haven't heard that word in ages. Beautiful place with very intelligent features, especially Brenda being the smartest feature of all. Just a brilliant place, space, storage, and deck areas.Bryce, I'm not 100% certain of your objectives in your shows, but have you considered features regarding options for water, heating, electrical, solar, and satellite or internet options for remote tiny homes? Just wondering.Again, thanks for another fantastic episode.
Thanks for asking the questions about her decisions to upgrade to a bigger space. good for people that are considering going small to know it wasn't about not being able to live in a tiny space. all those questions were very important to ask. thanks again!!
How much money in total did she sink into building that as it stands now?
My God, Brenda!!! it's like seeing an old friend, loved the video of your first place, this is even better.
Awesome, wish i could build one here in Cologne Germany !
brilliant
I am assuming that this place is in N.Z ? Where  did you purchase the windows and doors from ??( I never thought that a N.Z. company would have these unless imported ) Living Big in a Tiny House really got this one right ..I really thought that the tiny house " as such " was about no having a mortgage at the end of it . Now I see them online  and on television getting more and more spendy even in the states...Did have some great space saving ideas, which I have seen on utube similar before , well done on that.....oh and by the way I see a dehumidifier and oil heater in the spare room , do you use them ???
wow love it just perfect shows you can have plenty of space as well being small and efficient
So were the prices she quoted for a complete turnkey product? Meaning I prep my land for the footprint of these containers, and they deliver them and hook everything up fully outfitted as shown ready to live in? Love the covered patio and the oversized sliding doors.
u have to be insane to buy container for 84ks... u definetly cn do it urself
What is a "Spear Bid"?
Beautiful home.
I WANT THIS HOUSE!
this container is beautiful but here in south asia u can build 6 bed room double story house in that much money,therefore i dnt think so this is for the poor
i love it, would like to see some plans
Superb nice house !
Wish you had a tiny house to use in every country.  I love your interactions and perceptions with all the people you come across.  I would love to see more- so glad you are back in to the tours!
Trust me, you can build cheaper!! We built our 3,000 sq ft home with a 2 stall attached garage for $109,000 in 2001. This did not include our land, septic, or well and we did some of the work ourselves. But price per sq ft is much much cheaper.
I love the windows and doors on the exterior of the home I live and work in Pennsylvania I recently had a chance to install this type of windows and doors in a home I believe the windows are made in Germany is this correct it was fun learning how to install new products from a different country very very very cool System
I love this house!!!
AWESOME, VERY WELL DONE :)
That is a very smart and clean design.  Can't say I will ever do the container route, but, I do like how she laid out her home.  Simple is uplifting to me.
this defeats the purpose of getting a tiny house.  For $84,000 you can buy a regular sized house 2x the size of her house in a lot of cities, and they have 2 to 3 Bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms as well as a yard with grass and a garage.
"...keep the council happy..." Why do we as cultures submit to these wretched things called councils; while our actions do not harm others? Have we as a civilization regressed? Are we enslaving ourselves to a feudal overlord? Yes, we most certain have, and will continue to sell our Lives, our children's lives, and their children's lives to the state. It's disgusting. For the person living today their choice is their choice, but the way our modern societies enslave our unborn children and other folks unborn children is really reprehensible. Its immoral and just plain wrong. So when I heard the quoted phrase "keep the council happy" I just had to say something. If we as a civilization do not recognize the dangers, our offspring will certainly bear the burden of our ignorance. Stop accepting the control, free yourselves, in not for you ---> Do it for your unborn children or grandchildren. YOU owe them their freedom.
thanks for adding US currency. pretty awesome video.
Is there a composting toilet option?
Awesome update, thoroughly enjoyed seeing her new place.  Thanks for sharing.  How is your tiny house progressing?
Love this!
Nice home but expensive for the sft. price.  I prefer to see tiny homes with tiny prices, something more people can afford and get into.
Why recommend?
NICE !!
I'm always so happy when I see a new video of you popping up in my feed! :) I loved that this video showed a bigger tiny house, especially since you also did a video on her earlier, smaller tiny house. Great to see the differences! Also, I'm so jealous of the view she has from her house! Amazing.
I love this and would love to purchase this for myself.
Absolutely brilliant Brenda. Is it possible to see this house? You mentioned needing to get it built by a professional  . Who builds them and how does one get to meet them.
I love this. Wanted outdoor space, but compact indoor.
Love the house! Which program did she use to design it?
Beautiful. Love your videos man, keep up the good work.
Really nice! I weirdly been removed from your subscribers... Thank YouTube :s I wondered why I didn't have any update from your channel lol  Anyway, this house is as good as the previous one... Just an nice upgrade, I particularly love the inside/outside space^^
Very lovely , good luck for many years to come !
Your videos are the best!
Looks like the TARDIS. I love it.
Wow, that's expensive.... it's a shipping container.
Looks like she went to the convertible furniture store
Shipping containers ftw
What an awesome house and love the deck.
like you've said in a previous video, my biggest concern would be internet access, which is my main source for entertainment as well as work. can you recommend a work around?
I'm so glad to have some new videos to watch :)
She might want to add a brace to the bottom of that desk its looking awfully saggy there. Just run it from side to side across the middle and she should be good.
Typo'd the header: 40 sq meters ~ 430 sq feet.
beautiful home, exactly the type of space I've dreamt of living in
This "tiny house" is bigger than my actual house. Much nicer view too
there is a point where a tiny home becomes a house
How is this considered a tiny home?
What's something like that run you?
Wow! That work desk is so innovative.
Excellent as always, Bryce. You continue to come up with tiny house builds that are out of the norm and epically amazing! Thank you, again, for all you do to challenge us.
How tall are those containers?
did she made those transforming beds?
She's a great inspiration,..what a great home she build 👍😆.
Why do you have so many beds? Lots of friends staying over on a regular basis?
Very, very nice job.  My favorite video of all time is still Molly and Al. :)  I hope you'll get to go back again and revisit them one day.
The best design and looking not tiny house I've seen. Great job, very well planned. Love it! Vinny
Simply lovely. You've given me a bit of inspiration, hopefully to go this route myself!
Nice!  Love that outdoor living space and the view.
amazing..
Awesome and creative! Smh @ how it's becoming a problem, in the USA,  to go off grid, even if you're going off grid on your own land.
Hi. How many A.C units does she have in the container home? Is it cool enough in the summer when the weather gets really hot? What type of insulation does she use?
Another great video, Bryce! I appreciate the way you update folks we've seen before, it's one of the features of your channel I enjoy most. Just a quick question-- can you let us know what her enclosed deck system was made of-- is it a kit? Thanks!
no sink in the bathroom? or did I miss that?
perfect dream home
I love it this layout! But if i would build one I would switch the office desk area as my master bedroom and the master bedroom as the desk area. Because it looks awkward and a waste of space on the way it's accommodating. And who wouldn't want the bigger room as your master bedroom. Other then that it is very lovely :D
i like it.... like it alot...
It must not get very hot or cold there ! but even CA gets hot !
She should be in the tiny house design business.  Her place is awesome
A bit sterile for my liking, but the outdoors makes up for it.
Hands down one of the most beautiful tiny homes inside and out! And what a gorgeous and peaceful setting and view!
Beautiful home, and very smart hide away storage in the "bead" rooms.
Great Video!
This is a beautiful small home (and with a little tweaking to the kitchen, one that i'd love to live in). But more then any other i've seen, i think this is a small home that would appeal to many people who haven't considered tiny living before.
She is a hero! I want one of these!! And I can afford it too ;)
Amazing!
What is the estimated construction of this home ?
I think her reoccurring navy blue colour scheme throughout the entire house is underrated. It's absolutely lovely and wouldn't mind having that type of colour scheme in my home
I am not only impressed with the home but equally impressive is this lady's knowledge of the mechanics involved etc.  Thanks for sharing your home and knowledge Miss.
wondering if you have a resource or know of one where a person living in the USA can build one like this legally.
I've been looking into tiny houses for over 2 years now. I've researched and looked at many many different homes trying to get an idea of what I want. There are always some aspects in houses that I like, but I have to say, this house is my dream house. I've never seen a tiny house and been able to say I loved every single part of it, except this one. absolutely love it.
I loved her small one, but  this one really is wonderful. Hope you got to stay for the weekend.
This is pretty much exactly how I would go about building a container home. It is like our brains synced up. With all the multifunctional furniture and everything, wow. Impressed.
This is another great housing solution!!
I come home and watch these beautiful people living in a realm of dreams and creation, then I realize I work in a f*#% bank human resources area in Brazil. Why, God? Why I live in a nightmare of corruption, theft, alcohol abuse, drugs and even a homicide? What have I did to myself? How can I transform my life?
I subscribed when I saw your video on her 20ft whipping container home. I love shipping container homes and I want to build one when I am a adult.
It's a very nice home...
I have a shipping container at my off grid spot, where did she get the out side awning? was it built specifically? or can we buy them in Canada is the question?
I lived in a shipping container for several months in Iraq and it held heat in like.... A metal box
Is there a floorplan view? Great video :-)
I love this! I want one!!! :-D
where did she get the desk/bed and the murphy bed?
another really great video***
this is amazing
Love the channel!
👍🏽
I love her homes.  The tiny 20 ft was my favorite but the 40 ft is lovely too and the outdoor dining is amazing!
Fascinating video, I love your vlogs.
loved her first video and this was just as good :)
I love all videos from you, nice video as always!    A french subscriber.
Great home! But I miss the bed unterneath the couch area. 😃
If this includes the cost of the solar, then that's pretty cheap.
wow i am in awe! this space is incredible.
way to much money
You're always an idol man, ideal man. :) Cheers to more upcoming videos!
spare bed = spear bid?
Beautiful home! If we ever stop traveling I want to build a container home. I love the space saving desk/bed! That is so clever!
In love with this house...when do we get to see your tiny house again?
i got the impression she has her own company. can we get details?
That is so beautiful! Gorgeous view too. The deck is probably my favorite part besides all the multi-function furniture.
2:08 I love that shot!  hope you can provide the viewers with this type of eye in the sky shot. Very good addition.
Love this channel!! Great tour as usual :-)
My dream home is a home made from shipping containers. I just love the idea of using them and living sort of off grid. I just need to win the lottery or something.
what an amazing woman with an awesome understanding! the desk needs a nosing so the top does not sag so much but truly great concept.
what a beautiful home, i would love to live there
Do you know some books or advice material for a container house building?
Now, THAT is my kind of house I want! Small and smart but you do not compromise too much and can scale easily for an office or guests which would a big problem for me in "traditional" tiny houses.
okay I need to know where she got that stackable cubed wall unit  O.O
beed
how is your house doing? would love to see progress on it
The wintergarden area looks so nice. That view... And really great storage and bed solutions.
Your channels is pretty awesome.
Love it!!
Recently went to Amsterdam, I know it's a trek but if you're ever there you should talk to some people about their experiences living in houseboats on the canals. Not too much larger than these shipping container homes, and it's fascinating.  Great video, thanks for the share
1st !! AWSOME house !!
