commenting from the future to tell u that u have a beautiful smile and this tutorial is crazy helpful thank u
Thank you for this video.  Making a big  Macintosh costume for my son and there's not enough videos like this so thanks again.    ......by the way could you do an updated version?
My Ocs mane and tail is the fluffiest most cloud crazy hair ever the tail if I made her tail I would have to use a curler at the end then use hair spray an make the end of the tail into a cloud ball super Floof maximum floofage
I love the tutorial but I'm having problems with the hair. Would you happen to know how to untangle it? Mine has loose hairs and has a bunch of little knots but I'm scared of brushing it in fear of ruining it.
I love your videos so much!! you're the best!
Ooooofff I just watched that video
used this for my Joregen cosplay! 10/10
Even for low budget that seems really really lazy... Especially with taping. Because the glue on the tape will get bad after a few years. Also you good have just done a carabineer over Velcro.
I made one out of yarn! and it looks really good! though.. i cant get the rest of me to look good with it.. hmmm. any idea how to change body's?
Kiner
i love you =] =p
`booo bo sum teing els ./\.
pls [=
pls
can you not tok gut do teeing s .-. /\
Ohmigosh you look adorable with short hair!
I may as well tie a bundle of wool to my but although although all it other videos are AWESOMMMMMMMME
CAN YOU DO A TWERK VIDEO WITH THAT TAIL ON JAJA
pake pony ada nggak ya
Is so cute I love the colour but I like the wolf 🐺 tail better
You remind me of Sam from ICarly
Thank you now I can do a Shining Armor tail.
how about a giraffe tail?
hush
Your amazing Z   how much is  the   fiber  off the website   cause i am a pegasister and how much do i need to make my   tail  ,and  can you please  make wings
We're do you get fiber
I don't use velcro  I just put the loop through my pants thing at back and the took the tail and stuck it thought the hole easy and it looks better because it's more like a pony tail not just a peaches of hair stuck on ur butt is looks like it's coming of Jr butt
I don't use velcro  I just put the loop through my pants thing at back and the took the tail and stuck it thought the hole easy and it looks better because it's more like a pony tail not just a peaches of hair stuck on ur butt is looks like it's coming of Jr butt
she look's like Sam from Sam and cat!!!
make wings
I love your hair in this video! o3o And ohmigosh the tail is perfect. I must make this for my oc. I MUST. ouo
can this work? Take a few strands of yarn like lion brand and brush it out and straighten it out and make a loop and all that stuff, will it work?
Awesome editing and tutorial! Maybe you should do another mlp tutorial soon, it would be so cool ^3^
do a main tatorial
Would you have any recommendations on how to make a tail a single solid color, but then having the tip (and last few inches) end in a different color?
anyone watching in 2016
Awe ur OC is so cute 🦄
You suck....
cool i wanna try that some day not becuz of my little pony i wanna try it becuz i have always wanted a tail just think about it it would be so cool to have a tail that you can move around and its attached to your body so you will never part with i am just saying it would be sooooooo cool to have a tail ;3
Do you think I could use an extension instead like this: https://arda-wigs.com/shop/short-wefts-classic/ I have never cosplayed before and I was looking to do derpy. I wanted a short tail that wouldn't be so bad that it would get caught in anything and be annoying. I've never used extensions before, would I have to use the same method and cut off the extension hooky thing or can I just put a velcro thing around the extension? I really just want to match my wig's color.
WonderColds for life x,D
the green shirt what you are wearing now looks good whith the tail 👍
i am sorry but you ruined your it suited better how it was before
you deserve more subscribers
For halloween
im going ut as mlp tonight so i dont have fibre but could  use string/yarn
Wow cool :) This is amazing, Now I can make a home made halloween costume :)
how would I curl it if I'm trying to do a tail for rarity
That is scary easy!
If you were trying to make your OC, then I personally would've made it shorter, and a TINY bit curlier. Like, Rarity's hair? Idk. Also, the animations randomly popping up were VERY annoying. Those are just my tips. :3
That's AWESOME! Great video!
S'ok. Cutie Marks ain't everything.
Could I possibly get this material at JoAnn fabrics?
I have made flutershy ears
Hello! Nice tutorial for tail making :) But I still have a question and I'm kinda sorry for asking this... Can I use the fluff technique from your previous tail tutorial to make a horse tail? Like, can I just make really long fluffs, tie them together and use them as a tail or is it too much? I'm not so good at this kind of stuff and I cant buy that fabric which ya used in this video, so the "really easy fluffs" -technique would be the best for me IF it is possible to do that
Hi zullala I have a bit of left over faux fur and I don't know what to make out of it( I already made a tail from some of it), any ideas on what I should make from it
That tail is beautiful!
Shake your tail
It's possible to create a twisty tail some way?
Cute !!
...I'm wondering if the wolf tail (same person) won't be better...
Shout out to all Bronys and Pegasisters! Goth RainbowDash
Thank you , this was really helpful
Hullo Zualla! Love it!!!!!
Cool but that was just weave
do they come in red and gray
well.... guys just make a yarn tail and use it to you cosplay! easy peacy! ^,...,^
Guess I'll do this when my yarn tail gets torn, le discription, 100% kanekalon fiber got it.
another easy way to curl the fiber i find is to use a dorwl through the loop and use plastic curling rods then place it in a tub and pore the boiling water over it then let it cool and dry over night and take the rods out
shes super cute....hehehe.
BTW, if you brush the curl when finished the boiling method, it will look like Pinkie Pies hair.
Thx! Really helpful! Just one question... Is there any where else you can buy fiber?? And will any kind of fiber work???
So I ordered them and they're hard to use they don't look how yours do......
Make a vid on a mane
You're *
I love my little pony and this is so cute...YOUR'E AWESOME!
I'm using pink hair extensions to make a pinkie pie tail
Your awesome!!!!!!!!!!!
wow u amazing. I like this. I wanna make one of these for Halloween now.
Hey thanks that helped a lot with what I needed loved the video but what about ears
Do you watch my Little pony?
I had an advertisement before the video about a mlp game lol
how to make my little pony ears and wings :)
This was surprisingly helpful, i'm going to a Pony Convention and i needed a costume, hehehhhh....   Thanks allot for the Tutorial!
Where can if get that fiber string stuff? I really want to make this.
teh fuck is wid tet poneh
Ou kinda look like Sam of Sam and cat and icarly lol your the best
ILOVEYOU you are so amazing useful ;-;
yay I can now do the cosplay with my friend I have the right colors
Awsome
. =
thank u thank u so much c=
I want this for my Octavia cosplay but I'm using a skirt so I have no clue how I can attach it.
She looks just like Daniella Monet or janette mccurdy
So cool! C:
http://arda-wigs.com/ has heat resistant wefts, though tutorials should be followed on how to curl/straightened and also must be cut from the lace at the top.
if I want Rainbow Dash, I have to buy seven stripes?
where can I buy it and do they have it in Blue and Purple like Princess Luna's mane and tail
link please for hair please?
How to make a cat tail ?
Are there stores like hobby lobby you can get the fibers at? I'm not allowed to buy stuff off the interwebs :P
omg my friend and i had talked about this same concept after i told her about ur video. u r so awesome. i still have 2 show u what my cat tail looked like oops ill try 2 find it from being packed away.
Your so pretty!
but the plastic ones
can you just use curlers
Thanks a lot! :) So going to try this! :D
You seriously watch MLP? Jeeze, I'm nine and I hate MLP, In fifth grade... Not that I dont like it, some people dont like or love MLP.
wow! I never knew you could boil those fibers! SO USEFUL thank you <3
OMG!!! THE PONY AT 3:54 XD
WHY DO YOU HAVE WHITE WATER
Awesome :) gonna be Applejack on Halloween :)
Thanks for this Vid! I made a Pink and Purple tail with the fiber!
Thanks for this Vid! I made a Pink and Purple tail with the fiber!
Thanks for this tip! It fits! As again thank you!
Thanks for this tip! It fits! As again thank you!
Thnx for this tip! It fits! As again thank you!
Lovely Zullala :D Oh, and the tail was nice too :P May I sugest an easier alternitive for the fibers this time of year? Go to walmart or the dollar store and buy a halloween wig. They are usualy less than five bucks and will be way cheaper after halloween. Lots of colors too :3
Thanks for the wishing of luck! I ordered it today so, COME SOON MY BEAUTIFUL TAIL!
Sorry. All I saw was the link to the site in the comments. I just wasn't sure what exactly I was looking for. I sincerely apologize, I didn't mean to anger you.
Ugh can you please link to me the exact product you used?
doctoredlocks . com
HOW DO YOU GET THE FIBERS?! D: i want a tail! T^T
may I pe in it
I like your butt.
Amazing
clopping is an arT
And being Applejack... VERY good choice ;)
I found this, does it count? If you type in 'blonde kanekalon' on amazon and look at the third one down it will be a blond one, or type in 'jumbo braid hair' again on amazon there should be some blond  Hope I helped ^_^
Sorry for all the comments you live in nova scotia and go to Prince Andrew!!!?
omg i love you!!!!
does anyone know where i could get blonde ( what ever that materiel is ) i am being applejack.
I'm gonna do this... I've already made my ears, time to make the tail!! :)
Sweet! Haha, can't wait! :)
You are sooo creative!!!!
How did you do that pegabot effect, can you make a how to video about that.
Yep, I'm gunna make a pair of hooves, a tail, some horns, and poof up my boobies and be a sexy demon :D. I'll be posting vids about it ^^
Hey Zullala, got anytging cool planed for this Halloween?
(\
Thank you ^-^!  I'm not sure, prolly in the summer time. I love PA in the summer :D
OMG I love ur hair! Imu Girl when u coming back to PA?!
/)
Awe I am so happy to hear that ^-^. I'm sorry, now that school started I'm such a bum haha.  I will prolly do a video when Halloween gets here. I'll show off my costume. I also have the materials to make a wolf ears tutorial to match my wolf tail tutorial :D
When are you going to post more videos? I love your videos so much cause u make me smile :D
alright this will do!
I got them from Express 5 or 6 years ago :3 . Thank you very much
They have hot pink at doctoredlocks . com
off topic, but where did you get your jeans? WAY cute!c:
Much easier then the wolf tail wich I've made 3 of
My friends want to dress up for Halloween as the pony characters, and I chose Pinkie Pie. I looked on that website you bought the fibers, but I couldn't find any pink. Do you know anywhere else you can buy the fiber?
Good idea :D. That is much better of an idea.
No, you just have to buy many colors separately and then put them all together.
Yay thank you and glad to have helped.
your char is adorable 1. 2. this is very helpful!
can you get rainbow color? please reply
You can also use ribbon then take of the thready thingy and pull
Thank you ^^
Listed at the end of the vid at 5:43 :D
Wat the song in the backgroung called its so cewl
Amazing cant wait to get started on my tail
That was sooooooooooo mean! :'(
Could I get rainbow colors?
o tay
haha oh yay, I am glad that I am not alone in the search for a cutie mark! I was starting to get embarrassed xD.
how ironic, im not the only pony that doesn't have a cutie mark and is full grown (or at least my pony form is lol)
I do love mysteries don't you? ;)
you girl or boy
Simply rewind the vid to hear what I said again.
what is that fiber called again? O.o Please tell me ASAP!
I know :( . I don't have time. School ad friends don't give me time to make vids. I will make more vids eventually haha
You don't post vid that often can u make more vids plz?btw cool tail and luve your hair
y can't i use yarn it's the only thing i have around the house
It's more fun in this form ^^
Thank you and I am glad the tut helped :D
your nails are amazing! great tutorial, thank you so much <3
lol hmmm mystery's.....
No problem, I knew what ya meant :D. hum, maybe we have seen each other before
Thank you and I am glad this was helpful ^^
hahah "foal", awesome pun! It makes up for everything :D
Thanks. Just realized if I watched the vids I would have all the answers. Feel like such a foal.
I get my fiber from doctoredlocks . com
I was wondering if you had some idea as to where I could start looking for fiber. I live in Australia, getting a costume ready for PonyconAU, but I don't know where to start looking for tail material. Any help would be awesome.  Bro hoof!
if you want to make apple jack just make the look alll the way to the bottom then get red duck tape tpae it to be the hair band then do the other steps then your done
haha I hope this helped :D
I was literally about to ask if I could use your wold tail. technique for a MLP tail! lol
Ok, I will put it on my To Do list
So glad that this helped. Feel free to improve on this technique. Also, thank you ^-^
Bro hoof!
This is really helpful!!! Thanks!!! I love your videos. They're very entertaining.
My hair does that 2 but my hair is a little bit longer
That was really funny
Aw, it matches your shirt! c:
I love your oc :)
I will make an ear tutorial at some point :3
Good idea, thank you ^^
ive made 3 tails in two days but one process you should do is actualy wash the tails with no product it makes them softer
Haha oh thank you o^-^o
Oh yay, so glad you found it helpful.
That   ASS. ;)
LOVE IT!!! Great job and simple is great for my scatter brain.
I don't really know what a "dark fan" is, but now I am imagining her to have a vagina as a cutie mark... I guess I'm a pervert ... oops xD
I also have an oc but you dont want too see her cutie if you are dark fan then you might know what cutie mark she has
Oh thank you, I'm glad you like her. She is based off my OC in my avatar picture... She also doesn't have her cutie mark yet even though she is a young adult. If she isn't careful she's going to get a cutie mark in mediocrity hahaha.
cool oc you got there
nice i love it
It's in the video, but i'll write it here too. I got it from doctoredlocks . com
Yeah, there are lots of ways one can improve on this tail and make it their own. I'm glad you liked the tut ^_^
Oh wow, thank you so much hehe ^___^
Oh dear, short hair on you is gorgeous. Girl you are fabulous xD
I'll probably use this for fluttershy, rarity and twilight
hahaha awesome and thank you ^^
There are already so many dread tutorials already made. Normally I would, but I learned how to make dreads from youtube haha.
O: we have the same haircut, and just about the same hair color! sweet hair for the win!   you look fabulous by the way! :D
Oh thank u so much for the lovely comments!! I am so glad that you found my tutorials helpful.  I will make more in the future ^__^. Again, thanks so much for your kindness.
You can airbrush a white yarntail or I suppose dip yarn into a vat of dye.  I don't know anything about dying stuff though.
hai i tried your wolf tail tutorial and made it smaller however i can't find many more yarn to fur tutorials and would like more cosplay based themes to work with yarn and i have lots of white yarn. how do you dye yarn to make a cool furry cosplay tail or anything else furry?
I wish I could have worded my comment better and made it a little longer and more sincere but sadly youtube limits the amount of space in comments. But I really love your videos and you're so helpful!!! I really hope you continue making more videos and tutorials and things! Thank you for all of the videos you've made so far!!! C:
Hi! I recently found your youtube and have been spending a lot of time looking through your vidoes and things! I found it because i'm going to try to make a huge, fluffy, pose-able tail for a cosplay of mine and I randomly found your tutorial on how to make them! It looked so helpful and I can't wait to start! But I love how creative you are! I like how you enjoy being yourself! You're very cute and I hope you know that since I don't want such a nice person to feel bad about themselves!
Thank you ^^.   Oh, it was just time to get rid of it. I had bleached it so much that it was breaking apart and nothing was reviving it. I just didn't like the way it was looking and thought that I should start over... but now I think that I will just keep it short. It's great cuz now people can see the dermals on the back of my neck and I don't have to spend 45mins drying and styling my hair :D
Well, if you want to make the tail﻿ fluffy, you can add more hair and also curl the tail :D... but you are right, the wolf tail would make a good PinkyPie tail ^__^
I am trying to make vids a little more often haha.   Oh wow, do have a very happy birthday ^__^
Thank you ^-^
Hahaha awesome! And yeah, that does sound fun xD
Oh yay, I am glad :D
Thank you so much ^^
No problem ^__^
Oh hahaha thank you heeeeeee hehehe =^-^=
your hair is amazing, love the vid too :3
i'm still going to use the wolf tail, because IT'S SO FLUFFY!!! and that's what i kneed for pinkie pie
Thanks
I love all your videos.
i was second veiw!!!!
I love ponies!!!!! (First)
