I've been getting many more questions in the comments, sorry I can't answer them all BUT, I can highly recommend the guides for self installers available at https://www.stovefitterswarehouse.co.uk.  Go to the "Quick Guides & FAQ" section where there is loads of useful information including the "Stove fitter's Manual".  If you are in the UK they also supply flue products and stoves that have been chosen/tested for quality and value, I'll be buying from them for my next install.  I couldn't put together all the info they have compiled, it really is a valuable resource, well worth a look.
Great tutorial.  I’ve opened up my 1930’s fireplace.. We’ve put lintels in.  Can anyone tell me what the minimum gap I can get away with behind the log burner please?  I only have about 50mm.  Brick fireplace on back & rear. Parkray Aspect 5 Log Burner.  Thanks. Lee
I know this video is 10 years old, however bravo! I love the step-by-step and I love that you actually show us how to do it. You don't just say it and then say look it's all done. 🎉❤
The best stove installation video i have ever seen. Chapeau!!
Brilliant!
Great video, this guy for Prime Minister!
Appreciate this is an older video but it's still relevant and absolutely brilliant.   I'm currently fitting a second stove upstairs in my place and this is how I'm tackling it.   The closure is the biggest pain but just adopt the mantra of do your best, caulk the rest 😂 Though in this case it's mortar.  The only thing I do slightly different is before putting on adaptor I reach through the hole and put mortar on the topside of closure as well.  I followed this process on the downstairs stove too and it still runs as well as it did on day one 9 years later.  Great video though buddy
Top video, I have fitted one before,however using your video for a refresher was brilliant Thanks a lot.
Is that a 5 inch flue liner?
Great video , can’t fault it . Bravo.
Not a very good experiment the concrete board your going to use in the chimney is going to be a lot weaker by the time it's fitted.
Whats the regs are we going to be charged by government for having log burners or planning to have one? Thanks
I’ve been looking to convert my open fire to a log burner for some time now, but I’ve always been put off by having the work signed off. I’ve read some people don’t bother and some do, could anyone shed some light on cost of registering ect ect, this is the only thing holding me back from getting started on the conversion, oh and the pants British weather 😂
Thank you. Straightforward, easy to follow, nice and clear. Is there another video on preparing the fireplace?
I wondered if you knew the make of the stove you installed here, please? Thanks for your video, I will attempt.
just the facts mam
I like how you broke the Hardie board and edited it out . 😂 made me laugh . Thank you for the video
dang, I can't move my stove with 2 people.  it's heavy!!!  you definitely don't want to move it often.
Hi and thanks for video, just one question, how do you keep the adaptor from moving back up when pushing the flue pipe up , @ about 13 mins ,thanks
Brilliant video which has help me a lot, but I have one question. At about 10:57 you mention staining the back wall of the fireplace with a concoction of charcoal powder and potassium silicate. Do you have any more information on this?
Hi there, many thanks for the video! I wonder if you put a cowl on the chimney pot at all. Did you do any external works to the stack, pots, copings? Thanks again!
Finally someone who can make a how to vid. No babbling and droning on . Straight to the point clear and useful. Many thanks
Exactly what I needed...bang on 👏
Bang on pal, just watched with our woman our next job
Fab video, so good.
Great vid, I'm attempting this job myself shortly and this has been the clearest instructional I've seen out of dozens of vids.
Thank you.
Here we burn sensible wood for heat at a price because the insurance policy won’t cover a fire in our home due to no use of wood as a source of SENsible wood burning heat. Our communist leaders shut down anything they deem useful to humanity.
Best video❤❤
Great video btw, very interesting
Fantastic video, extremely well explained and enjoyed watching the video.  If you have time to respond, no worries if not, some of my sealant has come off the colar/ flue connection. What is the best way to remove so I can reapply around the pipe rather than just the bits that have come off, and is there a recommendation for sealant/ cement ?  One that can be sprayed afterwards to match the stove colour?
Nice walk-through.. One sticking point for me is the 150mm from the back of the burner to the wall behind.  Yours looks pretty close to the wall at the back?
i have never commented on a video before after watching 100's of 'how too' but this one is awesome, so informative and enjoyable.... well done!!!!!
I am using this brill vid to fit my own fires. So easy to follow and so well explained  - its a must if you are tackling this job.
How much should I expect to pay for an inspdction of a 2yr old fitting of flue & woodburner as I heard a massive crash and think the liner has also fallen. Many thanks
very good video im off to find more of your stuff now, thanks
Screwing the screw to flu pipe attaching to collar with self tapper does this not create a hole
what a great video well explained with some great advice  Thank you
Excellent tutorial 👌
Great job, that is not an easy install!! I’ve been learning the trade for a year now and I’m loving it. I like to watch these videos as everyone has their own little ways of doing things. Nice to get a few tips thank you
How does the top part get finished? Like the roof end?
What is that on your wrist?
Awesome thank you !!
Excellent tutorial! I have no intention of attempting this myself (being shit at DIY) but it's nice to see how it's done for when I get in a professional. Thanks for sharing.
Great video, held my attention all the way.👍
Great video, any suggestions for a collar that doesnt slide up the pipe?   My collar has a smaller rectanular hole that dosent allow me to slide it up as shown.
So you sealed the rear brickwork, with a fire rate sealer is it possible to get a clear  sealent as we have been advised in our area 50mm is minuium.I believe so steel closure in this area  suburb of London.  A first class video
How would I go about installing a stove into fireplace that has a concrete liner?   I removed a working open fireplace when I renovated my property but want to put a stove back in. Registered installers want to fit a stainless flue which I think could be overkill for my situation, especially if I can't get a liner down the existing flue.
Why pay some mug £1000 to install your fire when you can watch Youtube and DIY
You can also sawrritt.
Great video mate. Just a quick Question. My adapter that goes onto the flexi doesn’t appear to have holes in it (to screw to the flexi) should I drill and use self tappers or will it be ok without screws?
Sorry I know this is an old video but can I ask, is it possible to alter the pipe once you've used the fire cement? I ask because we've got one in the house that the previous owners put in but put it really forward and I'd like it to use the top hole and have it inside the fire place like this one! Thank you
Brilliant and the sort of bloke I could have a pint with
Nice job.
This is a brilliant how to video! Really helpful for me starting out on this project!! Thanks for creating and sharing ✨👌🏼✨
Absolutely fantastic video he talks to you not like a smartass and shows how it is achievable for anyone
I was told you need to fill the void with that gravel stuff?
Very good and instructive video.  Thank you mate
It doesn't look as hard as the experts make it sound! I'm just about to get a stove installed inside my Victorian cast iron fireplace. I was told you had to remove them but have since found out you don't.
Hey Mate .i have removed a gas back boiler that was installed with a heavy single wall stainless liner years ago….could i use it with a 5Kw stove,do You think?.or do i need to replace it .its heavy spiral 316 and shame to pay over £1000 just to replace the liner.Ive just been given a quote
When it comes to sealing the stove pipe to the adaptor with a 'smear' of fire cement, what if the stove pipe is   5mm wider than the adaptor...as in my case?
My friend enjoyed this so much that he watched it over 7 times in one sitting! Crazy times.
I'm not alone here by saying you have a fantastic style and pace to your video. Top marks top marks. 👌🏼  Thank you Jono
This fire pit is one of a few covered pits that is on the list https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxAU9pOCSV9Y5JprooHvfxTpOrt4hx8uRM of approved products for Disney Fort Wilderness. The product served its purpose well and provided excellent fires throughout the evening. We were able to open the door and do s'mores, but I had to be careful because the handle was a bit hot on occasions. Additionally, I wish they had replaced some of the standard nuts with lock nuts in some places. We lost the door handle after just a couple of days of usage. Not a deal breaker, just a recommendation. I still give it 5 stars.
Great video so well explained. Gonna give it go myself and save a small fortune 😊
The collar on the top of the stove I’ve bought has its securing bolts (3) actually inside the collar, so the stove can’t slide in under the bottom end of the stovepipe - which has to drop in from above.  I’m hoping there will be enuf flexibility in the length of the liner to give me the 2-3 inches I’ll need.  The top of the flue pipe  is secured to the cowl which in turn is jubilee clipped to the pot and the side straps bent horizontal and cemented down to create a sloping run-off for rain. Any comments would help re the amount of play in liner length - plus stove is v heavy (64kg) Mike D
Had to check on my cats until i realised it was yours. Juat had my chimney bored out and a stainless flue put in. Funds ran out so the final process of exhaust from stove I'm doing myself.. Was just about to start and i thought I'd best watch a video first.
AKO SI TI ZADOVOLJAN OK   AL TO JE IPAK KAMIN .
How do you connect the liner at the top of the chimney,
No insulation poured down chimney ….?? Vermiculite
This geezer loves an ad that’s for sure mr greedy
This is so clear and informative. You held my attention, the video is spot on. We'll done,thanks a million, great job @
Well done buddy  just one question  ,on an external file is the cawl a push fit ?
this was bang on, im shite at DIY but can folo this no probs.
You cut wrong end of stove pipe tapered end should have gone into top of stove collar
Can you not put the adaptor on before dropping the lining down the chimney?
Wonder if you advise on how to get a door off a CastTec Horizon 5 multi fuel stove please?
Is it regulation to have the 2" gap behind? Because mine won't allow me to have a gap behind. It's a concrete block chimney that I've lined with 12mm fibre cement sheet, cheers
Thank you for this video. We are about to move into a house with a disconnected stove. We have heard some installations use a vermiculite backfill. What benefits would there be to this?
Nice job how did you size the stove for the room?
Thanx for video, anyway, please tell me what material is a block with hole you put up stove? It's probably something resist against heat. Please let me know. Thanx
Thank you for this video. So if I was to use the rear outlet on my stove, I would connect it an use fire cement to seal it off? same way as you did? I will double check with my stove manufacturer as well
close your eyes and imagine it’s Gary Barlow talking to you
@4:13 you broke it into three pieces
Brilliant well done and well explained grand job cheers
Latest advice received from the solicitor is that a log burner not installed by a registered HETAS installer will invalidate any buildings insurance in the case where a house suffers a fire found to be caused by such a non HETAS registered log burner. Investigates yourself buildings insurance, and PartJ building regs before  fitting, or ligting if it's already fitted.
As we seem to be late to the party, as in having a log burner in the house, what a great video. , thank you
And a great accent
👌👌
does anyone know the make and model of the  stove as  I have been given a second-hand one Peter
Great job!
You used fire board but I have a steel plate that as fallen down how fo imput it back up.please.
Brilliant video pal
Hi do you know  how close stove could be to the back wall
Great video, very informative. One question, did you screw the fire collar from the inside of the stove?
Great video, I've been following it to fit my stove, the only problem I have is trying to drill into the rock that has been used to build the house so I can fit the closure plate 😬
Absolutely brilliant no nonsense tutorial.  👏 👏👏
Thanks! 🤙
It seems such a waste of putting a liner in when you have such a good chimney
Excellent video 👍
How about the top end - any recommendations.  Thank you for your efforts, much appreciated.
Good video, very helpful, thanks
What wood burning stove is that?
Thanks.
I see they charge for fitting so a DIY is the way to go.
Agreed  the best no BS no special effects just straight forward advice. No sales pitch crap
This is like Blue Peter for grownups
What did you use to hold the cement board in place was it cement or lime? Just curious as I’m in the middle of doing mines and the back off the fire is stone
Great video! Can you help me with something please? We’ve recently had our stove installed but the Closure Plate has not been sealed around the edges of the chimney entry (couple of inches on either side). Our stove has not been producing much heat and I’m wondering could this be the culprit, heat escaping up the chimney? Should I definitely look into sealing these gaps? Thanks!
It's been really nice to watch someone who's confident about what he is doing.  Thank you for an excellent and swift demonstration.
Thanks for the video buddy, good work
Why use cream fire cement when black is available it looks crap not very profesional
Great video! Thanks
2.17am UK time, the best enjoyable video i have watched in a long time, commentary was awesome, as another comment posted, you also kept me intrigued the entire video.    I shall have a look at your other videos, well made video, no nonsense, yet brilliant camera work, very educational and formative.   Thank you for your efforts.
Cement board is a poor choice for closure plates; over time it will crack and fall to pieces from the heat. Just use galvanised steel mounted on to right angle steel, held on with concrete screws. I used cement board once in an installation and had to replace it a year later.
Hello I doo stuff - how do you get the building regs paperwork? Regards Steve
excellent vid
Great video mate. is that a standard copex liner . thanks
Wilf Noble building supplies......... this must be somewhere near Whitby?
Most useful, thanks...I'm getting one of these put in in Nottingham...approximately what would I expect to pay for labour...would 300 cover it do you think ?
This is next on the list...   very good incite  into the how the diy'r  can do it right and save fiew quid..   certificate is a must for me.. i will be seeking local advice on pricing ..    TOP JOB THO..
I was going to have a hetas fit my woodburner but when my wife asked if we should allow 2 days, he said no 3 hours.(I'd done all the donkey work fixing the fireplace). After expenses, 750 quid. 250 net an hour! She gave me the job. I charge 3 cups of tea
Just in case you still keeping eye on this -thanks for very useful video
Great video, what size fire rope did you use?
Great video. Really clear. Thanks
life saver
Excellent video. Thank you
Great video
many thanks sir, great job.
Fantastic informative video I am installing one of these myself at home and all your tips are fantastic
hi, thanks for the vid. spot on and well presented.
damper?
I have one in my garage but where the pipe goes through the roof it always leaks..ive everything sealant wise can't seem to sort it
How thick was the backerboard mate? Thanks
A brilliant video. You explained exactly how to do it effectively in a very clean way. Thanks for the tutorial I appreciate this.
Floyd Pitt’s comment, albeit 3years ago, explained the function of a register plate and the function of a closure plate; essentially two different functions! There appears to be a great deal of confusion/debate as to what non combustible materials the plates can be made from ie metallic or non metallic material. Does anyone happen to know which, specific, Regulation/s (if any) refer to the properties of register plates and closure plates, please? The plate featured in this video is a closure plate, not a register plate. I am keen to determine if cement fibre board, similar to that used in the video, can be used for a register plate. Official/definitive answers would be much appreciated.
What a very good, informative video, you have given me the confidence to tackle the job on my own.
Just wondering do you have to leave any space at the back and sides? if fitting a stove in a fireplace? Thanks
register plate not closer plate .thank you for a real country style english expert
Stove pipes come with one flanged end which according to manufacturers instructions should be installed downwards, presumably into the stove and secured by the collar on the stove. Is there are particular reason why you cut the stove pipe to lose  the flanged end of the stove pipe in this installation?  I was expecting the flanged end of the stove pipe to be retained however you removed it when cutting the stove pipe to required length. Should the stove pipe have been cut the other way round in order to retain the flanged end?
Good video, but I do have a question... when he pushes up the metal pipe onto the liner collar, how does he know its fitting on and not just pushing the liner back up the chimney. You can't hold it because of the cement board being in the way. Seems a bit of a risk, is there another way of doing it?
I really like that stove
Bloody brilliant video, no fuss, no life story, just the facts, info and tips.
That's a great idea using the existing system on so many levels. If I can find me a nice old-fashioned wood burner I would get one.
Didn't think ya could light the same day cause of fire cement?
Super super helpful ! thanks so much the husband and I are looking into getting a wood fire in out first home
Loved the video, learnt something from the comment section to, you don't have and support installed like in your damage test, the board will fail if a brick hit from high enough with no support to dampen to impact. Still a good video 😉
At 14.06, do you pull the flu pipe down into the top of the fire or is it just about touching the top and its the collar that holds it there ?
Do not under any circumstances install one by yourself! You need to be hetas approved and it will also invalidate your home insurance if there is a fire
How do you sweep the chimney? No-one will sweep mine unless there's a service hatch.
Hello, you suggested to use silicone to seal the closure plate to the pipe. I can only can find products that can only withstand up to 300'c. Will this suffice? Many thanks.
Best vid on the web on this…what flu did you use ? The 316 (cheap) or the 904 (expensive) ? I’m about to do mine…that register plate is a revelation…cheers
Hi buddy! I'm on with this at the moment. My chimney is over to the left side of the fireplace. Just wondering if it's ok to have a straight outlet above the stove and a bend in the flu pipe as long as it's not greater than 45 degrees,  or do I need to get a bent metal pipe out of the top of the stove so the corrugated flu is straighter. Top video, so many good tricks I'm going to utilize.
Can’t thank you enough. Cheers for that. Great video.
Craig Cash does stove fitting now!! 😂 Excellent video mate, I put the liner in yesterday, off out to get some cement board today.
great video mate
It is clear and concise. Very useful. Many thanks.
very good video , top class and well done 10 out of 10 , learned a few things also 👍🏻
Excellent video. I've been quoted £2100 for this including knock out skimmed parts and labour and a certificate. Is that pricy?
What do you do with the flexi liner at the top of the chimney, looking at doing this myself and thanks to your video I'll have a go but it doesn't show you what happens at the top? Thanks
The reason for steel is so that it doesn't rot, should be a galvanized plate, chimney stack should also be vented near the top with drill holes at a 45° angle
Absolute pleasure to watch, very informative, can you tell me more about the dark coating you brushed onto the back bricks & stone, is this your own mix solution or can this come ready made in a tin if so whats it called,   Thank you enjoyed it so much.
Brilliant
Did you manage to get building control to sign off this installation within 2 weeks or is it an under the radar illegal one?
I have just oped a fireplace up fo a customer, purely for aesthetics. Chatting with customer while we were doing it and the log burner was a possibility they would look into in the future.  The drilling was also tricky, as you mentioned in the video. The specification for the opening made the drilling, let's say entertaining 🤣....you see the customer wants the  aperture flush front to back on the sides and head (register plate), without the recessed area and.......set up in a way that it can be plastered in, and when the fire gets installed in a few years it can be done with no damage or mess.  We constructed an aluminium support frame using 40mm x 40mm,  x 3mm angle profile, sounds simple 😆  we had a laser level set up 10mm below the concrete lintel, pre drilled 1.2m length of angle section, 1st piece was the back and was easy and then the front piece lol, ah drill won't fit.....no worries ill swap the sds and use the combi drill on hammer action which is not as big..... nope, same problem 😆, right there is a short masonry bit in the tool box, with the combi drill...problem solved........🤣 .... nope, right thats it... time to embrace the caveman in me, grab the grinder, attach a slitting disc and proceed to whip off the shank that is round and designed for a Jacobs chuck all the way to the spiral and "encourage" the trusty combi to hold said doctored bit while spinning true and not wheebling and wobbling.....holes need to be drilled 15mm the lintels edge, no pressure 😂......hey Presto it fits, sorted 👌........NOPE 🤦 I mentioned previously the laser level line was set 10mm below lintel, this is where it started to resembled a chuckle brothers episode 🤣  I'm sat in the chimney facing into the room, my colleague is holding the angle in place, I cant see the line at all and when he is holding it he blocks the laser completely 🤣, and to top it all off...the drill bit i butchered to fit only made a witness scratch on the concrete before the chuck bottomed out ot the angle....this was hilarious and traumatic at the same time, with 6 holes in total to drill 🤣 we had to mark each hole and check level, remove angle and drill holes to depth, hold angle in place again, checking the laser level on each fixing because the holes were angled up slightly and pull the angle out of level.....smooth sailing after that, rivit angle struts between the rails and screw cement board to frame. The centre of board has a 6" square frame and pre cut panel secured in and can be cut out in the future for the flue installation.......well thats the plan atleast. I know I rambled on and commend you for getting this far 👍 hope you also get a chuckle out it, we certainly did 😉 😄
Hi there great video, question, do you secure stove to floor, I have a similar set up, and I note from constant cleaning out and feeding stove , opening/ closing door, stove tends to move slightly , thereby cracking seal at flue joint , any solutions?? Thanks in advance🇮🇪🇮🇪
So, the register plate, does not allow a clean of the liner, hmmm gown does one  clean the liner
Do you not need vermiculite between the steel flue and the original chimney? My fire board register plate cracked and it’s all falling out so I’m going to replace it with a steel plate. I wasn’t going to put the vermiculite back again.
How is the liner fixed at the top? How does it terminate?
Fantastic vid. Great sense of humour and a lovely laid back, easy going approach. God bless ya mate
Thanks! I was contemplating making my own register plate out of steel but would be a pain to cut and shape. Using cement fibre board is a much simpler solution. Unfortunately, I can't find hardiebacker board here in this country but they do have standard non-combustible cement board. What temperature rating would it need to have?
I watch alot of videos on YouTube  , very rare I comment. This guy deserves one.. great video mate.
Best how to video on YouTube
Do you use fire cement to hold in the  baker board?
Excellent video, very informative. Thanks very much.
Nice job well done!
The reason for using steel is the moisture that builds up in summer when the fire is not in use but many get away with board
Been in engineering all my life and never seen that trick with the newspaper for cutting a pipe, thanks. My stove was installed with no seals and I am sure that is my smoke in the room problem, so thanks for that. A question...I have no chimney and they installed the flue pipe in single skinned stainess flue tube, should the outside pipe be double skinned to keep the heat inside the flue, as the stove smokes with the door open?
Put stove in place cut reg plate etc , drop liner into room connect flue pipe etc then pull the flex up put stove in place drop flex back down and fit reg plate when thats finished go on roof and terminate liner and fit pot hanger , this is easier the trying to attach flue pipe half way up chimney
Dovre 450
Keen on getting a wood burning stove fitted and got 3 quotes, £4000, £4500 & £5000!! Eh no!!
You can’t cut hardie with a wood saw
I did the same with Stodoys :)
Great vid'. Thank you
A really good video. Down to earth no frills explanation. Well done and thanks
Thanks
Great instructions. My installer put my stove out on the hearth. He said it would put out more heat in the room. I would have preferred to have it inside the opening like yours, as the room gets hot enough, and it looks better. Can I move it myself and Re attach the pipe to the top of the stove as it's attached at the back of the stove. (numpty woman with a range of diy skills from watching YouTube ☺)
This video is very well executed.  Good camera work and narrative.  Calm as a cucumber.  11/10
Great video thankyou .  I've just purchased a second hand stove. Exactly the same as this  any ideas on the make and model so I can get a spares list etc please . Many thanks for you time
looks good👍
Hi, great video, i need to temporarily remove my stove to change the hearth. Do I just need to remove the fire cement from around the base collar, and then does the flue adapter pull upwards please? Its an old villager dual fuel 8kw. Thank you so much!
Very good video pal. Do you have any detailed tutorials on using a collar with the fire rope? Our stove was fitted and sealed a few years back with fire cement but as you said the constant heating and cooling, expanding and contracting causes it to crack from time to time to the point whereby I now physically check the stove seals every 3 months. Oddly the cement surrounding the bottom section of pipe that connects to the actual stove always stays in relatively good condition therefore I’m guessing the cold air coming down the chimney has a great impact on the heating and cooling of this area.
SO HOW IS THE FIRE PREVENTED FROM ENTERING THE CHIMNEY FROM THE COMBUSTION CHAMBER
Thoroughly enjoyed watching your video. Can't afford one like, but one day ey. And Do I detect a lancashire accent? :)
I got old gas burners CHIMNEY FLUE LINER and looks same.l wonder if l can use it or it’s got to be different liner?Thanks
The nibbles made the state of Minnesota USA. Jolly good job
Can I fit the flue pipe from below. As I want to fit one myself but obviously have no access to the rough. Without getting scaffolding or cherry picker.
Great tutorial, thanks. What stone did you use for the hearth? It's got a great colour!
Hi, is your liner the same diameter as the flue outlet on the stove or does it set-up a size? cheers.
How is the chimney sweep going to sweep chimney
OUCH @12:35
I've been getting many more questions in the comments, sorry I can't answer them all BUT, I can highly recommend the guides for self installers available at https://www.stovefitterswarehouse.co.uk.  Go to the "Quick Guides & FAQ" section where there is loads of useful information including the "Stove fitter's Manual".  If you are in the UK they also supply flue products and stoves that have been chosen/tested for quality and value, I'll be buying from them for my next install.  I couldn't put together all the info they have compiled, it really is a valuable resource, well worth a look.
I'd love one
Sealing plates good for around black pipe: https://www.stovefitterswarehouse.co.uk/collections/bits-n-bobs/products/sealing-plate
Great video, very well presented. cheers
Great vid.... does the flu have to be disconnected again to get swept periodically?
thank you great video
Is the liner twinskinned?
How to burn your house down:  Use lightweight flex duct as a flue liner.  Wrong, just wrong.
This looks easier fair play good video. I want to Install one in my garage and this has helped loads
Sounds like Peter Hook talking
Good install job.  My only comment to make this install easier, would be the use of something they can a "slip joint."  You can get a special section of pipe to slide anywhere from about 1-10 inches into a joining pipe.  The use of this joint eliminates the need for precise cutting.
Great job and thanks for sharing. I would guess the dislikes come from rip-off merchants that charge over a grand for the fitting.
Double it
Beautiful stove. What brand model is it please. Great video
OK, you insisted... I've got some questions :) I want to fit a stove into my cabin. I'm thinking I need to buy the stove (obviously) but not sure all that it comes with. Is it pretty standard that a stove collar will come with it? Also, if I need to buy the flue parts (flue pipe, twin walled pipe through a pitch roof, cowl) separate, does it matter usually if they are from a different manufacturer? Or do I just need to ensure the correct diameter of the pipe? Nice video btw!
When David Attenborough retires, I hope you apply for his job! 👍🤓
Just brilliant. I'm just about to connect up the flue liner and thought I'd check it out on You Tube. Really confident now. That idea to use a cement board instead of a metal plate is something I'll use in future.Thanks
RUBBISH, idiot posts this with gaps....the liner goes there.....this connects to there.....and there you are....all done 😆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Is the entire steel flue pipe just hanging down from the chimney with no supports? Surely it will stretch over time.  Also, can you fill the chimney around the steel flue with insulating material, or is that a waste of time?
Sir you are a true professional!
Great video. How did you connect the collar to the flu.?
Excellent tuition sir, easy to understand and enjoyable. thank you.
So you install your own wood burner and then ask someone HETAS registered to sign your work off for you to put his name to work that he has had no involvement with but is agreeable to take responsibility for it, good luck on that one mate.
How did you install the piping up the chimney? Did you drop it down or push it up?
That was great to watch. I feel like I can do my installation now. Please fix Brexit now :)
We have removed a coal fired back boiler as we now have a combi boiler, so do we still need a flue liner
As a hetas installer thats not a cowboy your talking shit...firstly with a flue that size your liner needs a blanket around it  and your fitting a 6" adaptor to a 5" liner.. as for closure plate cement board meets regs but its there to stop a chimney fire spreading into the house so galv steel is all i would fit myself. Hope you sleep well knowing youve saved a few pounds and not  wiped yourself and your family out.  ....hopefully ....dont go to bed while its alight. Can i point out that this is what building regs are for.
Was just wondering how this heated the room it was in? I was thinking of doing the same thing with my fireplace in my leaving room.
I have this job coming up soon so this vid is a great tutorial... thanks , man !!   😎👍☘🍺
To much auld shite talkng
Terrific stuff. very helpful. Great workmanship, Thanks.
Being female I thought I might be lost but you made it look so easy and I feel confident in installing one in my place. Thanks for a great 'How To Do' video.
Didn't know Gary Barlow fitter stoves....😆 Great vid cheers .
Great video I am now going to give it a go myself thanks to you,very helpful
hi what make of stove is that ?
can you use high temp silicone on all the joints, probably not the on where you put the rope in but i think the black silicone would look nicer round the top of the fire than white cement? many thanks
is that a twin wall flue liner...i have been told i need to remove my liner and replace with a twin wall liner and a new chimney pot and cowl?
Thank you .   Very professional
can the Register plate be cement board or does it have to be a steel plate?
Can you use fire proof expanding foam around the edge of a steel register plate to seal to the brick of the chimney? And then use fire cement to seal around where the flu comes through the plate? This would be for a gas burning stove
You sound like the guy from "Dead man's shoes"!  Thought you were gonna waste some bad guys in your video! Awesome tutorial! 👊🏻🙂
What’s a de-bree?  Lol
Just like to say thanks for putting video up. This saved me a small fortune as people wanted to charge the earth to do it for me. Took me a few hours but got it done. Thanks again. 👍
This is simply the best and most through video of any diy project effort I've ever seen. I am currently in the process of converting/renovation a whole 3 bed house on my own, Well done you and thanks.
What a fantastic no nonsense video , thanks pal you are a diamond 💎, thanks for sharing all your information, you have given many diy ers confidence 👍
Just wondering, on my stove (been in almost a year) the fire cement has chipped away/cracked off where the flue meets the stove top, did this in my old house as well (both professional installations). Is there any way to stop this? It’s an aga ellesmere 5 so fairly solid and very heavy stove that doesn’t move/rock. Thanks.
That fireplace looks like it might be a hundred years old
Not sure that your everyday Jo Bloggs DIY’er is allowed to carry out this kind of work. As far as I’m aware, you have to have some form of certification, due to the flue and any poisonous gases it may cause if not fitted correctly.  #justsaying
Its called a dent, mate, not a dint. 😂🤣😂🤣😂😉
Err. I’d hold back if I were; the UK’s poxy Government’s plans for abolishing this kind of stuff ain’t looking too good.
I'd love a wood burning stove would council allow it in an upper floor council flat my flat used to have a fireplace yrs ago council boarded it over probably yrs ago but for winter use and how expensive it is to use gas electric for central heating
How do you secure flu downpipe if it goes onto the rear outlet... ? Unlike fitting to top outlet you don't have the downward pressure to secure to the burner... any advice please.
Can you sing “back for good”
Why do you talk like were all 5 years old, I kept expecting you to give me a lolli pop
Hi. I’m really looking at doing a installation myself and was wondering about how you did the flu pipe at the top of the chimney? 👍🏼
Good vid there mate. I’d love to see you do one on installing a twin wall flue through a building 👍
Q.If debris does fall onto your closure plate,how do you suggest removing the debris as you have cemented it in?How do you check the seal with the adapter and flexi when servicing the stove or sweeping the chimney when debris is likely to be dislodged from the movement of the liner? A.Fit a steel plate with access doors or a steel plate with a square cut out for pipe that you can fit your hands through and finish with a smaller plate,rosette,finishing plate.You can take time to fit it properly by using angle iron or making turndowns with screwholes on the edges of the plate.Also your self tappers are visible as they are under the closure plate.This isnt the right way to do it at all.You have chosen a quick and easy fit with no consideration for service requirements.The customer also wants,to see a clean,smooth pipe from the collar to the plate and not ugly self tappers on display.Back to the drawing board.
Good instructive video. I did a very similar installation of a multifuel stove but find, from time to time, that I get some SO2 fumes when burning smokeless 'ovals'. I've tested for leaks using smoke bombs and also tried smoke around the air vent and air-wash vent when the fire is lit - the smoke was sucked into the stove therefore I assume I have some flue draft. The problem is, do I have enough? Meters to measure flue draft are expensive (especially if you're only going to use it once) and the method that seems to be used by 'professionals' in my area is to light some newspaper in the stove and if the flames go up the chimney then "that's O.K." A little SO2 goes a long way and I guess that a stove is not 100% gas tight but I'd still like to know how much draw I have from my flue.
I'm not advising anyone cut corners on regulations, but when was that chimney originally built? No government was around regulating fireplaces in my neck of the woods 75 or 100 years ago, their chimneys still work fine.
Thank you m8
How far does that pipe go up chimney?,great vid by way ,about to maybe buy house very soon been empty for couple of years,need some heat in fast
Does Gary Barlow really need to be fitting his own stove? Good video!👍
GREAT VID.
Aluminium ‘concertina’ flue liner, is totally unsuitable for this application! It’ll be interesting to see if this guy is, A) still alive, and, B) The new owners are aware?
What high temp silicone do ypu use ??
Subtitles please
Kept me glued very helpful thanks .🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Superb video. Easy to follow and had my full attention........ 👌🏻👍🏻
Gary Barlow?
From what I have found out (UK); ''Whenever you have a woodburning stove installed in a fireplace, you will have a plate above the stove blocking off the bottom of the chimney. The plate must be made of solid, non-combustible material. You may hear this plate referred to as a “Closure” or “Register” plate. Although these terms are often used interchangeably by some people, there is an important difference between them. A Register Plate should always be fitted whenever a stove vents DIRECTLY into the chimney (ie if the chimney is sound and there is NO flue liner connected directly to the stove or stove pipe). The purpose of this register plate is to ensure no fumes, especially Carbon Monoxide, escapes back into the room. The Register Plate must therefore be sealed around the edges and around the stove pipe. The Register Plate must also have an access hatch to enable the chimney to be swept. CLOSURE PLATE performs a different purpose. It is essentially cosmetic and can also reduce heat loss into a chimney which is lined with, for example, a stainless steel flexible flue liner. Because the stove is directly connected to the flue liner, the Closure Plate is not required to be tightly sealed in the same way as a Register Plate; it also does not need an access hatch for sweeping as this will take place either through the stove or, where fitted, through a removable sweeping plate on the stove pipe. If your chimney has been thoroughly swept before the flue liner was installed, there should be minimal soot deposits collected over time on the top of it''.
What a show buddy! Clear instruction, via explanation & demonstration.  Just what I'm used to from my time in the services.  Thanks very much!!  God bless you and keep up the good work.
Great job👍
Good and informative video.
good vid mate
It doesn't matter what you think ....you have to use 1.5 galvanised steel  for register plate in the Uk.  Careful when you advise  as it's not right . Really the steel plate should be attached with  metal angle too. Sorry just telling you the Hetas facts.
iNEED To know how to REMOVE the square with a circle that is In the ceiling , i already removed the stove and pipe
small stove waste heat and you are always fighting to fill the stove with small pieces of wood. You need one that is at least 25 inches deep and 15 wide.
Top Vid, saved me money and time
Well-made and informative video. Thank you very much!
Do you have to put vermiculite down the chimney around the pipe
Very good video mate one of the best I’ve seen mate🕯☕️🚬
I'm about to install a log burner in my shed , so any advice on how to it would be great my main concern is the flue pipe
Great video buddy. Very professional job. 😊
That was great. I am about to tackle 2 chimneys in my home. Just hope I can complete it as well as you. Thanks.
great video pal.what is the distance between your burner and back wall?
You sound a bit soft for a fella
Excellent instructions,clear & knowlegable. Thank-you !
Really great vid - I feel ready and confident to have a go! Thanks
I'm due to do my burner at the weekend is a 1/2" cement board ok to use.....any comments
An excellent informative and interesting video, thanks it answered many of my questions....
Great advice installed it on my own after watching this  video.👍
Very interesting,  nice job. I am totally in love with my log burner. I can cook with, keeps me warm, better than a tv and doesn't argue 😆
I'm no expert but why use a liner when you have a chimney already to take away the smoke,you could just use pipe from the  burner up to the board and seal it around,no need for a liner as you wouldn't use a liner if it was an open fire
Looks beautiful!
I just watched this whole video just because I like listening to you talk! Haha
wow was not sure to begin with if it was going to be useful but answered all my questions and now i can install my fire no problem . thanks for a great video
Very nice job.
Good video
thanks, great video. I definitely have more of an idea of what to do!
great video, thanks for the upload
Good job
Great Vid - thanks
Hi  we have saltfire st2 multi fuel im in the 10th burn and still smells so much chemicals , when its becames hot we need to go out ,  do you think im doing something wrong ??? it was fitted by a professional  Hetas approved . Really getting worry about it. The cement its cracked and i have seen burning and bobbling .
If I have a clay chimney flue do I need a liner?
Agreed. Best how to on YouTube. The headcam helped, as it gave us a 'fitters-eye-view' of the process, with all the 'boring' bits chopped out. YouTubers could learn a lot from this. 5 Star video as it gives me a lot of confidence to fit my own.
Can any one advise. if the chimney do not have the liner ,m will be the 1-2m of pipe be enough ?  or the liner required at all the time ?  Or as i understand if the chimney is in good conrition i can use pipes and Clay pot adapter ?
Are as qualified Chimney sweep I wouldn't sign the certificate as being fit for purpose as I follow the Hetas regs like most sweeps so it may be a little cheaper to fit but if anything happened you wouldn't be covered by your insurance.   Also your test is misleading, you dropped the brick from ceiling height which is about  3m, the average height of a chimney is 9m so if dropped from this height your board would show very different results, also your board moved during impact which of course decreases the amount of damage.
What's that on your wrist
why did you not want the bricks in the hearth to breath ??
thankyou for a great video i have just become a registered hetas fitter for multifuel and log burning appliances and love learning tricks of the trade cheers
Excellent vid, just what I've been looking for. But for it to be registered and guaranteed, doesn't a HETAS engineer have to do the fitting?
Excellent!!! everything I need to know to do it myself, thanks!!
Fantastic
YOU, have done this video well I'm happy and confidant,  thanks to you for your time you have put into this ,, many thanks !!
Hi I'm hoping you can help with my project. I am planning on installing the Volcano Plus fireplace insert into my existing masonry fireplace but I want to build out from the old firebox one foot along the whole wall so I can build new built-in bookshelves that the fireplace is flush with. How should I prepare the space for the insert in the areas where it is not set in the old firebox? Is it safe to use metal studs/cement board and firerated roxul to fill in the empty spaces?  The insert is Supreme Fireplaces Volcano Plus. Thanks for your help, James
What an easy going man.superb instructional.
If you're going to use Backer board as a register plate in the UK.....well you need to think very carefully about being sued or deemed responsible for loss of property of death if it sets light. HETAS advise the use of 1.5mm steel and NOT backer board.  So you are probably looking at the word "advise" and think its a get out of jail card. WRONG. In court the judge will ask you why you didn't use 1.5mm steel like HETAS advise. He will also ask why you didn't consult building regulations or HETAS, since it is in the public domain.  So, yes, you will be prosecuted, because you didn't act like a competent person using the correct product for the job, and that information was clearly in the public domain. Yes, HETAS can only advise because it currently isnt regulated like GAS, but wait and see what happens when you break the rules and take out property or people.  Infact, because you are broadcasting this video to the public. If somebody installs something incorrectly then they might point the finger at yourself for blame.  How do I know this? Because Ive spent the past 2 weeks with 2 expert witnesses for court cases in the heating industry.
Does it need to be steel..... yes! If you follow Hetas regulations.
I loved your laid back narration! excellent and very informative video, thank you.
brilliant video, really easy to understand, covered everything we needed to know
Very very good... cheers!
iDoStuff, I've been using your videos to help me install my own stove. I've had to learn bricklaying and plaster-boarding along the way also. I used the hardie backer for the inside of the fireplace and also used it for the closure plate as many of my bricks were untidy. Will get the local building regs to sign it off. Thanks for a thoroughly enjoyable video and helpful hints. You gave me the confidence to start this project.
Good video and narrating
hi is there a minimun lenght of solid steel pipe before you conect to flexi pipe adaptor thanks
Hi, useful vid thanks, can you confirm when first lighting a new stove, the room will fill with smoke and what smells like paint fumes as the coating on the stove reacts to the heat, and this should only last for a couple of times when first lighting it. If you are doing this job yourself , and you're not a registered fitter, when this happens, it is alarming to those that don't know!
If your Backer board is narrower in depth (which it would be) and you then cut a 150mm hole in it, drop your stone again and it will snap where the hole is. These "silly rules" aren't there just to be awkward.
excellent job done
How did you mount the liner at the top of the chimney?
how do these exude heat? I'm getting one next year
very informative video, well done on a great job on both installation and video, it shows the right way.did you fit the liner yourself or get it fitted,?
The "liner" looks like dryer vent tube --- and he is going to burn wood?
Thanks for the vid!
Great video, Thinking of having a go myself, I've fallin off the roof before so no issues there (it's a single story bungalow) :-) I notice you didn't use any vermiculite to fill the gap between the flex flue & existing chimney!, my son had a stove fitted & the installer poured several bags of it down the chimney.
Excellent info, cheers.
4:14 the board was broken and another one cut later was shown in the video
Thank you for uploading a well made video with tons of tips and good advice.t...  I am just about to fit a parkray burner in a house I am renovating in Normandy, France.  Currently there is just a cast iron basket  in the fireplace and the chimney is simply a cob wall right up to the roof and as this appears to have been fine for the 300 years that house has stood I guess I could just replicate your method no problem.  When the fire is lit it drags the smoke away really well and the fireplace itself seems perfectly adequate for what is currently a raging fire with flames up to 3ft high when it first catches... I'm guessing a liner and a log burner would be an automatic safety improvement over what is already there !!!  Just a few dumb-amatuer questions:-  The flue liner you used:- was this the original one from a previous log-burner or gas fire? If it was put in by yourself did you put a cowling on and just feed it up the chimney pre-assembled or did you have to fit it on from the outside (ie from on top of the roof at the chimney stack). I have no intention of climbing up on my roof due to the angle and the fact it is as smooth as an icerink  If it is fed up from the fireplace how do you secure it? could you just use steel brackets like the ones used on steel drainpipes?  I have heard that the registration plate should have an inspection point ( a small section cut out with a removeable cover so you can reach in and remove debris build up and do periodic inspections)... any thoughts?  Now you have had it in for a while how have you found it... has the registration plate moved or cracked at the seals?  Thanks again for the video
MMM? weight of liner not supported /liner not insulated inside huge existing flue/and backer board for reg plate Not steel ?  Sorry mr steel reg plate Always and with a flue that big why not an inspection plate for sweep to check things? , that cement sealing the reg  board  will last a season at best then crack off for sure.  would be more helpful just to direct people to HETAS  website for there local installer as least to ask for best advise  ps your braver than me as i have not yet done a you tube video.
Hi, does the flue need cleaning every year, if so how do you access it? and I noticed you didn't do a smoke test before your burn
Came here for a refresher after doing my first one a few years ago myself. About to do the second.  There will always be those who think they know better in the comments. At the end of the day the safety is first, the performance is second, longevity third, everything else is irrelevant whether stated in regs or not.  Nothing complicated here. Flue onto chimney stack, onto pipe, into fireplace, seal up with non combustible materials and sealants. Job's a gooden.
For 16 minutes long you kept my attention, mate. Best how to do vid I have seen on You Tube!
What a great video
A register plate NEEDS to be steel. A CLOSURE plate is non combustible board.
What a great video. I was thinking about getting it fitted but I'm now thinking I'm going to do it myself if it's that easy! Nice one "Cheers"
Thanks. Very helpful and spot on. Good advice and instruction. Is it possible to build a firebox from steel
Hi, first time I have felt the need to leave a comment on youtube! I found this really helpful and appreciate the time put into it, thanks, Jimmy
really good video!! definitely want to attempt to fit myself however i am concerned about getting it signed off, are you sure local councils do this or an certified Hetas person can do this? i am going to be selling my property so the solicitor may ask for this when i come to sell.
Can a woodburner be installed in 9"" existing brick chimney without a flue liner using a sootbox?
Cracking vid. Thank you
Q: Can Gyproc plasterboard be used around fireplaces and wood burning stoves?A: Gyproc plasterboard, including Gyproc FireLine, is not suitable for use in temperatures above 49*c. Could you please tell me if you used a different type of board? And great video thank you.
sorry how does the collar connect to the top of the burner?   did you adjust the legs so much the flue goes through the burner hole inside of it? or do you cement the collar to the burner?
Thanks for taking the time to show how it's done. I take it you do a few of these If so then you may want to visit eBay and invest in a couple of hole saws. They're surprisingly cheap now days and would rip through the hardie board using your cordless drill
Great info on this video...but i was led to believe that the regs were that the clearance for the rear and sides needed to be a mininum of 150mm, also the hearth needed to be at least 840mm each way..but my hearth in the recess is only 830mm and my log burner is 566mm wide, leaving it short...but ive seen loads that look tighter than 150mm in the recess, is the side 150mm reg for the outer of the hearth?....also i paid £120.18 for the BC to come out to inspect the flue before fitting the burner...and the bloke was clueless, i ended telling him stuff, he didnt inspect the flue and then just took a photo of the hearth...he then said something about test the integrity of the chimney breast for leaks...but he'd already asked me if there was a double steel flue liner installed..and i yes thats what your suppose to be checking..he wasnt in no more than 5 minutes before left saying he'll ring me tomorrow...on the way out he said he wasnt suppose to but said he could give me a phone for man to pass it for me..i thought isnt that why ive just paid the council a 120quid...
You can come and do mine in nottingham! ha!
Nice job. U can do mine. I wll pay u for good job
It's been a big help, thanks for posting this
Good video to give a general idea of a stove installation. However, if installing a 'closure' plate in England or Wales then it should be made from a minimum of '1.5mm corrosion resistant steel plate'.
hi there love the video did you clamp the solid flue pipe to the wood burner or just cement it in???
Really interesting video. Do you recommend putting any sealant in and around the liner/flue adapter (the one you put 3 screws in) ?
Great video... didnt think you needed the liner if had the chimney swept?
Great film, I am thinking of tackling the job myself, although I will be installing an antique French multi-fuel stove, the flue on the back at 90degrees to the stove measures 94mm - 98mm diameter taper. I assume that going up to 6" Vitreous Pipe will not be a problem, there are adjustable or a companies specializing in collar adapters that can handle this difference? I also wonder which authority to approach when signing this work off? Or is it a case of paperwork required if you decide to sell? Jim
Great video I was in a shop today looking at getting a small wood burner - I asked the sales person how much it would be to supply the bits and fit a stove - £1000-1500 - I think I will do it myself now after watching your video. many thanks
When I was fitting gas boilers before all the combi boilers came along it was standard practice to use fibre cement board to prevent and debris falling onto the back boiler. Never used steel then and I agree if you think bricks are going to fall down your chimney then it should be sorted long before you install a wood burner. Great vid
were did you buy hardiebacker 12mm board
thanks having a go at fitting one myself. video very helpful
Where does the Flange Inverter go?
dust mask sir silica in hardiebacker
Great videos 👍🏽
Due to put mine in soon. This has been very useful and informative. Very many thanks for all the tips.
Great video! Clear and concise, well presented, through, and a professional finish. 10 out of 10.
i found that very helpful, thank you
Most useful plain language explanation thank you. Please advise whether you used regular mortar to fix the closure plate or fire cement? Regards,
Helpful video , remember folks you need 6" pipes and liners for anything other than wood, i.e. peat coal ,
what brand / size stove is this? I can't understand why they don't make or sell these smaller stoves in the states..........I mean we all don't have 2000 sqft houses..........I have an older small fireplace that I've been dying to put a wood stove in but there is simply nothing available............I would just build one but I really like the glass doors and I've never fooled with that before so I just stare at an empty fireplace and waste tons of money trying to keep my living room warm with central heat.........
Excellent video. Thank you.
My husband is fitting his now, your video was of immense use, he's a builder,  and has built many a fireplace in the past, and he watched it all the way through, even telling me to shush, which i may add is pretty significan,t, , as you answered a few questions , ie, the register plate, and the tip on cutting the pipe, and also , to fianly the use of silicone as a filler , he was most impressed. Would reccomend anyone to watch your video, extremely helpful, many thanks.
Hi - Does the fire cement turn darker over time? It seemed to be very bright in the video.
I've had to put my installation on hold due to waiting for a blanking plate for the back hole. I've got everything I need but have just noticed a problem. your flue collar is detachable through screws on the outside, enabling you to tape it on to the flue pipe. my flue collar has screws on a lip on the inside meaning it has to be screwed in place before inserting the pipe. I also have a backer board in place and a flue pipe adapter. the trouble is, how would I attach the solid flue pipe to these two fixed points. my backer board isn't attached yet and neither is my flue liner to the adapter, I'm just struggling with how I'm going to fix it all.
detailed explained well done.x
Very informative and helpful. Will be referring to this when I install mine.
Hi.  Was hoping for a little advise.   I lined my clay liner with 5" yesterday.   I am going to backfill it with vermiculite.   Would rockwool be ok to use at position the flexi central in the clay before fitting a closing plate?
very helpful thanks so much..
Hi, I have a used Clarke regal 2 stove. my problem is that the instructions tell me to use a 5" flue pipe yet the diameter of the collar is 6". would this not leave yo big of a gap around the pipe
just what I need!
11.42  I  think you mean vertical not horizontal. Do I get a prize?
I've been informed by the helpful people on the Hearth.com forum that in the U.S. to meet the "Code" the liner would need to be insulated.  So the debate on that issue continues. Have read of the comments on the previous liner installation video and the full write up.   The thread to look for on hearth.com is Nice Install Video - UK
Andy, Great video! no time wasting. You must be using that head Cam again. Works well. Your cottage must be nearly finished now.
nice job...
Nicely done!
PS. not got the stove write up finished on the website just yet, but the flue installation is there.
A very good video
Looks a decent job. Love your work.
