So the batter must be cold for the fish?
What brand deep fryer are you using?
You too can make low cost fish and chips at home with only $800 worth of gadgets!
What else can I use instead of beer
This is FOS 🤣
Hello how are you for the two ladies? The fried fish in the oven for what degree and how long 2 sisters? Please give me the answer, thank you.
ive tried this and sorry you have the wrong batter your recipe dosage is wrong it was so liquid your liquid 455 ml is far too much and the batter too liquid
Come on! This is nothing more than an ad. Bulldust google, I pay your youtube bill monthly to go without advertising and what do we get? Advertising for an electrical manufacturer, that's what. I'm pissed off with all this.
I'm from the UK and my family own a fish n chip restaurant,  beer batter is literally 1 cup plain flour and beer 330ml , pinch of salt the consistency needs to be like double cream , but if you want a lighter crisper batter. Add 2 tbspn malt vinager to the batter. You do not need to flour the fish first
What an awkward way she uses to lower the deep frier pan, leaning across it and doing it backwards. Looks pretty dangerous.  Yes, just a bad advertisement.
Not a recipe, time wasted
Why didn't you use the machine to mix the batter?  Odd!
*Lets see ya do Crinkle chips... :)*
2 fitties making fish n chips,  what's not to like
This isn't a cooking instruction video. It's an advertisement.
They are french fries, not normal chips, they are way too thin.
No mushy peas 😞 and it should be cod 😋
This is just some fucked up bastardized Aussie version of our national dish.  BTW,  those are French fries not chips and should be fried in beef dripping not boiled in oil.  Duck fat even better if you can afford it. I could go on and on but don't have the time. 🇬🇧
autastic chips
Yum, yum. 😋😋😋
IT IS SO STRANGE that more than 40 yeas ago you only could find FISH & CHIPS (fried) in the south of SPAIN... there the Germans and English tourist love to eat them, now it is all over the world...
why do you use Self raising fl. why not use plain flour? and the corn flour
There not Chips there French Fries.
porfeect!
Absolutely LOVE Breville products!  We have a Breville toaster convection style oven and I wouldn't be without it!  It saves so much energy and time and I could not recommend it more.
They are not chips, they are yank french fries. An utter disaster.
Looks delicious!!! I'm gonna try it your way. Thanks! USA󾓦
When she’s flouring the fish before putting it in the batter, is she using self raising or normal flour?
If those are chips I'm a bloody cat...those look like McDonald's french fries,no one cuts chips that way,they're always hand cut!!! Both you lasses need to go watch professional fish and chips blokes and stop posting this rubbage!!!
*it's great. love the fried chicken.>>>**ur2.pl/1119**  does a better job than one with paddle as it doesn't break breading off.*
And now your fries taste like fish.....cooked in the same oil
the one giving ins she cant even talk prop what the fuck did she say add 450 mils of  WHATTTTT  it sounds like shes talking out of her ahole if your going to post ingr then talk prop
Funny how She's calling them Chips when there just Shoestring Potatoes!
Did u bitches wash ur hands????
Nice 👍
You fry chips in same grease you cooked fish.  No you do not.  Cook potatoes first. Otherwise they will taste fishy.  Ideally use separate grease for each.
They are Fries not chips cause you are too lazy to cut your own chips .
Obviously, ( being from Canada ) never heard of Flathead?  For the amount that I cook ( deep fried ) do you have to have one of those fancy fryer appliance’s?
Looks good
Get a mandolin, perfect chips every time.
i dont drink beer so what can i substitute it for the batter?
I need a link for that food processor to buy, daddy needs his fries.
Look tasty....
british/american junk food
Nice chips
I Love Fish & Chips!
The reason you fry at 375 degrees is so the food does not absorb the oil,  this woman cooks the fries at such a low temperature they will sop up the oil!!! I love Breville products and I'm a chef. This is heart attack cuisine at it's finest!  Do yourself and your loved ones a favor don't fry the potatoes 2 or 3 times thats  insane! Fry them once at 375 in fresh clean oil, they won't be greasy and your heart surgeon will thank you.  PS: Keep this woman out of the kitchen!
can I use the fryer for chicken and buffalo wings, and I f so we're can I buy this at?
Aussie 👨🏻‍🍳👍🏻
So this is how Aussies do it.....Not like us Brits. Furthermore they are not CHIPS, They are fries.
Just simply go to a better fish and chip shop. Nobody has the time to do this at home.
Why do you cheffi type insist I using oil instead of the far tastier Beef dripping. Come on, give the young generation a chance to taste a hearty meal.
to much  drama-  other vids  help btr
that is horrible fish and chips
just watched an advertisement of a frier and a potato slicer. i mean, call me a charlatan, but i can cut some potatoes. also they cooked something.
love u girls
TY for the vids! Looks good!
Where is the beer in that batter?
Chips are too skinny :(
i love aussies, so friendly like americans
In the video she says she fries the chips at 130 degrees for the first fry, but is that in Celsius or Fahrenheit?
I bought three beautiful fresh flathead today, I prefer to gut & clean fish myself so I know the freshness, I used this method today for the batter, 10/10. Turned out exactly like it came from a top notch fish shop. I added a teaspoon of honey to the batter to give it a nice colouring.
I can't find the recipe? ???
How long were the second fry chips cooked for?
Hi. Where can I get the recipe for the batter?
Thanks for a great video on fish and chips. I tried this and the batter on the fish was light and crispy, Chips done in the Breville Food Processor was so quick and easy and doing it in the deep fryer turned out fantastic, Thank You Denis
