Wow that a good idea sir adale i think i make one for my self dale
I'm going to put my everlast welder to good use and make myself a bike trailer!
Bonjour, le béret basque vous va si bien.
Harbor freight $50. 20” wheels. Weight 29 pounds. Can carry 200 pounds. Welding cart 65939
Excelente ideia, muito bom,......
Great sir, I wonder, why this concept is not being used till now. Man invented aeroplane but nobody thought of making such a simple device, to be used in public life. Thanks for posting this concept. I am from India. Nobody is using such things in India till now.
Thanks Bruce, much appreciated indeed. Peace to you and yours.
So, not really trailers as such, but sack trollies lashed-up to make substitutes for cycle trailers. That's a perfectly reasonable thing to do.. when needs must, and you are careful how it's done.
After watching this video I actual built this exact same set-up and I've discovered that if you're going to use straps to secure it, it will cause the bicycle to lurch. You do not want to have it hitched with anything that will stretch/give, like you'd get with a bungee cord, and it will have the same lurching effect if you go with a dumbstick. The other issue is that whatever you're latching it onto when it comes to the bicycle itself(like a bicycle rack), one may want to question the rack's weight potential. Also once I got it secure properly, the weight of the trailer/dolly is immensely bogging, and even more-so when adding any additional weight to it. If you're able to make the design work, one may want to consider aluminum or even getting something made with chromoly or perhaps even pc tubing ...but aluminum isn't easy to weld(unless one is trained/experienced) and has the risk of cracking. PC tubing also has the risk of cracking/breakage as well as flexing. As far as chromoly? ...it's lighter than steel, yet it welds like steel, and does run the risk factors that reside in aluminum & PC tubing.
I need to weld up a bicyle trailer for myself with my everlast welder. The extra carrying capacity is getting to be a must.
Forget about bicycle wheels, they're too weak. Use heavy-duty hand-cart wheels with just sleeve bearings.
That's cool. Thanks.
gr8 idea it solved my problem on how i could build a cheap trailer to use thank you!!!
Cool! I haven't seen the whole video yet, but I'm using the same setup since a while now here in Spain.
- Great website discovered... http://www.wheelco.co.nz/shop/Axles/Mild+Steel+Axles.html where you can get all kinds of wheels. - NOTE you need 'high speed bearings' for road use (ordinary ball bearings break, and your wheel can fall off in traffic)    OR just use a 'bush' bearing that isn't a ball bearing, just a reinforced tube, preferably steel, but you can replace the plastic ones when they wear out.
ThankYou. You're video is so so helpful.
A cool feature of this type of trailer made from a hand truck is that you can easily go into a store and pick up your bulky item and then hook it to bike and go.
Very simple design and well documented. Thanks for sharing.
omg ty i been trying to figure this out for like ever how to make a cheap trailer ty so much
Very nice, I made one myself also a few years ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqD_i9MRmv8
I want to connect my golf clubs to my bike.  How can I attach my golf trolley safely?
Hello  Mate I hear It is beautiful in New Zealand .Have you heatd that the Mega Rich Bankers are moving to New Zealand ? I am hearing this here in Florida USA . Great Idea I had a similar Idea Earlier today with  a light weight wire folding 2 wheeled grocery pull behind cart for light loads of course .
Boss ! Thank you for the really great idea Bruce ! Take care in beautiful New Zealand !
I agree they are pretty dare loking at a surly Ted and it's like 2k here. don't now if i would be trusting the connection you are using there though, is it just tied on? i guess it could be okay if you don't use it often & ain't traveling very fast
Very good video about cargo bikes at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWMd6yyYs8E&feature=youtu.be
i made my trailer using a golf club bag carrier cart, works great
oh wow, thank you very much. i have never even thought about doing somthing like this, i sure will now!
This is a brilliant idea. Thanks for sharing, I will be making one of these soon.
I disagree about the balance remarks. The worst situation is a perfect balance such that the trailer tongue lifts up and then presses down like a kid's see-saw. The balance should cause some weight to always cause the tongue to push downward even when hitting bumps etc..
Thanks for the video...please show the way you made the hitch attached to the bike.need a very detailed close up of the hit you made to attach to the bike
i saw a steel frame golf caddy trailer it was collapsible, two of them were put together, it could jump curbs because the steel frame acted as a slider until the wheel engaged the top of the curb. not very practical but cool nonetheless. any other good designs out there?
Great tutorial. I have adapted a basic truck just fine and used some front suspension forks as an connector to cushion the trailer when braking. I have a problem though in that the nature of the wheels the truck comes with (shrt fat ones with no bearing) means it has a lot of drag.  I can see on a couple of your trailers you have bicycle type wheels which is what I would like to do but I can't work out how the wheels attach to the axel and wondered if you could explain or send me a close up pick or do a short vid to explain.  Thanks.
Recycled Bike Trailer with Bike Forks
wow!
Hello! I want to carry a dog (a labrador, 40 kg) and the whole camping stuff, like tent etc. So what bike trailer would you recomand me , please?
so what about turning? i mean, the connection needs to pivot from side to side for turns? and also does the trailer ever roll on a turn and bring the bike down too.     I'm looking at carrying very heavy wood loads that will be long....but not very high off the ground...thanks
Hi Jason, Thanks for the comment. It's fairly simple. You just buy a hand truck from a hardware store. Get old bicycle tubing from a bike shop to tie the hand truck to your carrier. 'Rest of the video is examples of ways I've done it, & important safety tips (e.g. balance the load over the wheels of the trailer so there's least load on your carrier, prevent rubber ties dangling into rear wheel gears, tie with 2 ties for extra security). Video was a friendly whim Oct 1010, got ~100,000 hits = ).
Lots and lots and lots of talking, and pictures, no real video of how it was done....
Hi Scott, 'Not necessary, because you load all the weight over the *trailer* wheels, so your bicycle carrier carries zero weight - it merely steers﻿ the trailer. And your handlebar steering is minimally affected by the trailer. In the old days I sometimes heavy-loaded the trailer badly - the bike front wheel would tip up into the air, or the carrier would sag or buckle. Loading weight over the trailer axle is key to stability and safety. Bruce Thomson in New Zealand.
Nice!  Thanks for sharing :)
I live in Denmark. Here we use to trade second hand stuff on a site called DBA Before the age of the internet it used to come as a newspaper. It has a section of "pick up for free". Last time I checked there was an entire barn house in that section, obviously because the owner just wanted somebody to clear his plot for free.
Hi Mikeljs - Where are you located?  When I lived in Toronto I loved rubbish collection day - people had put out as junk marvellous (fixable) furniture, appliances, stereo, tools, wood & iron pieces useable for making things, etc. When I returned to New Zealand I brought with me a lovely comfy recliner I'd got off the street in Toronto. I use it very day. I even used the trailer to lug home a 12 ft staircase that I installed as access to a rooftop. garden I created, Dumpsters are great too. = )
This is fantastic! Living in a high consumption country, people give away stuff for free on the second hand market, all one need to do is to pick it up and carry it away. Often it is the heavier stuff that people want to get rid of like building materials, thermo glass, old crap pianos, could be anything. I really could need a good way to carry stuff like that. Thanks a lot for your ideas.
This is a great idea! Thank you so much for sharing this and thank you for the many tips!
Thanks, yes, I sometimes just take a wheels-and-axle to tie to a load. At 2nd-hand stores/ garage sales there's cheap wheels & axles from various trolleys, kids' bikes, etc. 'Nice to carry such a wheel base on the bike carrier on the way to the pick-up site (instead of suffering the towing drag of a trailer on the way there). I also have a bought-new  $50 snazzy luggage trolley that's collapsible to carry on the carrier. Strappable to a load. I'm very keen on such compact 'superiors'.
You have some very helpful ideas!  I notice that you use either the standard hand truck wheels or have added on some larger bike wheels.  Have you thought of making or using something similar to a Canoe or Kayak caddie?  Just strap it on and this could act as your "Road Wheels" and still let you use the hand truck as a hand truck when necessary.
Fish and chips.  =)
Brilliant!  It's so self-evident, that i wouldn't have thought of this as a solution (complex things come to me rather easily, however)!  Bless You! --Brossard
Good on you goodkyler64. If you know how to, you could post a video reply here so we could see it. (You create a small vid using your webcam or your mobile phone, save it as a file. Then, to make a comment, select "Create a video response" and when asked for the file, point to the video file you made. Cheers, Bruce
im 14 and i took some scraped 2x4s and some plywood and an old instep kid trailer and made a really good trailer it only took me a night
I love simple and cheap, still safe and practicable things. Thankyou for inspiration!
I just posted a video "response" with a breakdown of my hunting trailer in action. I wanted to draw particular attention to the hitch I used. It is a simple swivel caster from harbor freight. I hack-sawed the wheel out and retained the bearing-swivel base. The video should illustrate the rest, but I thought you might find it interesting... it really allows for independent rotation of the bike on hard bank-turns and vigorous pedaling. Anyway, enjoy!
how the **** did i land here?
Brilliant Cheers! UK
Hi Jojo, Interesting. Maybe use your  cell phone to create a 'video reply' to this page so we can see it. I'd be uneasy about pushing from behind (upset steering, e.g. entering intersection) unless I had some sort of braking that disabled the motor pushing me from behind. When turning, the radial force outward is proportional to the *square* of the speed - already deadly going round corners. Last week I created a swap-in 80cm axle for my trailer, more stable than the usual 50cm. Regards, Bruce
I do alot of mountain biking, and recently i got bored and thought about making a bike trailer, not your normal bike trailer, a trailer with a motor that propells you. For the hitch i made a C clamp that goes around the seat post,  it has a universal joint from car steering setup that goes between the steering wheel and bottom rack. The universal can move up and down, side to side but it cant rotate as the trailer only has 1 wheel, so i dont want it to fall over. Just an idea. It works very well
great idea
when people refer to cheap, sometimes they mean that it is not well built, and thats what i thought.
how is that an oxymoron? Cheap is referring to the price to construct and strongest is referring to the strength. Price and strength are not opposites in any way?
fantastic!
Interesting - Consider making a video and posting a video reply here so we can see your even-cheaper video. Also interesting to hear about your braking system. Is the steering done by having a vertical pin as the axis for the front two wheels?
thts an oxymoron! cheapest strongest trailer...huh
A hand-truck is too narrow, too heavy and costly.  You said in the beginning "no worth" and then, "no trouble at all" which aren't true.
Hi Arici19 Sorry to take so long replying - I didn't get notice of your message. For tying the trailer you need a steel carrier on your bike. Either new, or from a garage sale. Make sure it's all steel, not any plastic. For straps use strips of rubber created by cutting old bicycle tubes along their length. Such strips are very flexible, easy to tie, and strong - especially. As mentioned in the vid, don't trust just one, always assume the first will break, and have another that will take over.
Fantastic idea! I would have never thought of using a hand truck. I may have to try this if I have to move really heavy loads.
im just gonna ducktape my stuff to me and the bicycle and forget about a silly trailer .... now how do i ducktape a tv to my bike ? any suggestions >? I have a truck, and i dont need to move a tv .. i just want to know how to ducktape one to a pedestrian ...maybe fine an old lady and run up and duck tape a t.v. set to her back and just runn off yelling insults from 70s t.v. shows .... and 80s show ... I love marijuana :)
just using a dolly..
those are nice designs, others using big bike wheels limit the width of what can be loaded on the trailer...but nobody throws away a hand truck...cant get it for free...LOL......anyway i will try to make something like that with the bed frames and small bike wheels ive collected from trash :D
It's fun to make stuff DIY. However, it's very worthwhile to get a solid, well designed trailer that can carry more weight, is easier to load and detach, lighter, no 'safety' concerns. Especially if you need to use it everyday. We really undervalue bicycles but if you think about it $2K on a good trailer that replaces a car is a bargain especially when you factor in no insurance, no gas, much cheaper maintenance. I make some bicyclefamily . ca. Also good design at tonystrailers . com
Cheers Bruce, thanks for a great video. I'm in the design stage and your video brought me up short. I planned to have a large plastic container on a horizontal chassis & central axle, with the usual up-and-over connection to the seat post, mainly for collecting firewood and doing the supermarket run. Now I'm wondering about a similar arrangement to yours using an old ladder, but it'll be hard to keep the c of g over the axle unless it's a short span. + other issues. I'll video it when I'm done.
you are a genius.
チェク ・私の ebike2011 を構築するは非常に安価に ！
thank you
@PalmyBruce hi bruce ......no im not from canada but i am from devon in the uk, thanks for your repl.
@bigkips Hi - thanks for the comments. If you create a trailer, maybe upload a video response so others can see your version of it. If you do, mention where you are, I wondered if it was Canada - I lived in Montreal ten years and Toronto East on Lake Ontario five. The extra-long trailer was bought in Toronto,  I used to salvage and cart home all kinds of rubbish-day and other renovating treasures. Kind regards, Bruce Thomson in New Zealand.
great vid, have been looking at getting a bike trailer to put my fishing tackle on, most of the lakes around here are only 30 min`s by bike, i was a little worried about the weight on one of these shop bought one`s but I'm glad Ive seen your vid. hard ware shop for me tomorrow. :)
Hey mate, awesome idea and very inspirational. I'll be making one soon and might even upload a video when its done.
Hey mate, awesome idea and very inspirational. I'll be making one soon and might even upload a video when its done.
@v8kiwi Hi Nana, interesting comment. I'd looked at strollers and golf carts. Some of them are really good strong construction and look very smart too. I'm in Palmy, two hours away from Wellington, but if I'm ever on Petone beach and see your rig there, I'll say hi. Regards, Bruce.
@Tsuruta1 Thanks for your kind approval. I agree, it is very funny - so simple, cheap, available, you can chain it with the bike if you use a 1 metre chain, & not even care if it's stolen - just buy another one. I just refused to pay hundreds of dollars amounts for the flimsy little aluminium ones in the shops. This type of trailer carried a 300kg load of stuff from a waste dump to home once. Most cars couldn't do that without a strong roofrack or trailer. Cheers, Bruce Thomson in New Zealand
@uncleboob Hi Jo, Yes, I switched from the originals in the hope of reducing drag, but regretted it - the drag was similar, the wheels stuck up into the load area, & the spoked wheels weren't as strong. I admit though that I have sometimes carried extremely heavy loads. Once when moving houses, using one of the red hand trucks, when I precariously hand-lowered it down some railway station steps, I actually sheared all the hub bolts of one of the wheels. My exercise weights were part of the load.
I had to hobble the thing to Wellington Railway Station, find a mechanic. He gave me bolts to get it going again.
Great trailer that i'm going to go and make in a minute! I needed a trailer to carry scrap bike on and this looks to be ideal. In the later larger trailers did you use the existing axle and then add bigger wheels?  cheers  jo
That's awesome. Good ingenuity. Thats so much better than spending a few hundred dollars on a bike trailer.  Well made video.
