This video is PACKED with loads of great information so I will be adding TIME STAMPS below!  Be sure to share this video with your friends as I am sure the majority of them could use these tips to either FIX or PREVENT Anterior Pelvic Tilt!  Thanks everyone!    Need ONE-ON-ONE help?  Make a post HERE: http://muscularstrength.com/forums.php?pageAction=POSTS&subForumID=81&threadID=3986  (0:00)- Experiencing pain in these places? (0:58)- What Causes Anterior Pelvic Tilt (APT)? (1:59)- How to determine if YOU have APT. (3:32)- Cause & Effect of APT - Upper & Lower Body Pain (5:32)- Why is APT so common & affecting so many people?  FIXING ATP (7:06)- STEP 1 - Static Stretching (11:16)- STEP 2 - Strengthening The Weak & Dormant Muscles (17:11)- Integrating your new foundations in your lifestyle.   FULL 12 WEEK PUSH, PULL, LEGS PROGRAM!- BUILD MUSCLE & STRENGTH! - http://muscularstrength.com/Push-Pull-Legs FULL 12 WEEK MUSCLE BUILDING 5 DAY SPLIT PROGRAM: http://muscularstrength.com/5-Day-Bodybuilding-Split FULL 12 Week AT HOME Workout Program: http://muscularstrength.com/12-Week-Home-Program
Does this help with premature ejaculation Someone told me to do thid instesd of Kegels
alright let's do this
Does this help with premature ejaculation?
Stretch 1: 7:50 | 3-4 reps of 60-120 seconds per side | Flex glutes and push pelvis forward Stretch 2:  9:10 | 2-3 reps of 60-120 seconds per side | pull tightly and breathe normally Stretch 3:  10:50 | 3-4 reps of 60-120 seconds | relax upper body Exercise 1: 12:30 | 25 reps | straighten body for no gap, flex core, tense glutes Exercise 2: 14:10 | 10 reps of 20 seconds | go down with no gap Exercise 3: 16:45 | 3-4 reps of 30 secs | Don't be in an apt position during plank
I was born with APT and my parents refused the elaborate treatment suggested by the school doctor. Now I'm 75, and trying to stretch those tight muscles as you've shown in this video. However!!! I have overdone it and now have severe pain in my lower abdominal muscles 😢😢😢. So I Googled the matter and landed on your video. Wish I had seen it before attempting the exercise!
I'm so glad I saved this video. Instant relief and results.
I cant do the no-gap exercise with out a gap !!! I tried to fill the gap with my abs muscle and I couldn’t should I workout on ABS muscle first??
Doing these exercises without having APT is beneficial? Can it cause harm?
A Peu teu peu teu a peu teu peu teu
I'm not able to do the no gap execises because even after many efforts I am not able to lie flat
So can someone let me know can I continue to lift weights in gym and do these exercises as well. I ve got lower back pain for almost 6 months now.
It works, thanks alot  It fixed my pain i had since i was in 9th standard now i have chest pain due to wrong technique while doing dips 🙂
What if you have a big butt and there’s always a gap 😅
Your in great shape bro
Is my lower back supposed to hurt a little after these?
How do I subscribe?
Can you also have Piriformis Syndrome from APT? Thanks in advance!
Thank you so much man I've been looking all over for some useful advic3, im 21 and im geting so much pain in all those areas aswell as the look
Thankks I'm gonna Fix myself now!!!!!
So true. Suffered an ankle injury during soccer, and now paying the price.
I cannot thank you enough!!! Because of this bad posture i had right lower back pain! After doing your exercises for about an hour, i dont feel that pain anymore. Somehow i have to work out the posture of my tilt i feel the right part is going forward and because of this it sometimes when i do exercises i notice that i have a shorter leg…
I'm not sure if I understand the last step correctly. Do you say that I have to maintain the correct pelvis rotation by sucking in my abs all the time?
Such a great demonstration, I was searching for something that actually works and the intensity of the exercises (and the frequency you recommended) just made me think that if anything will fix it it will be this one. Started already. Cheers.
Just do deadlifts and squats. Forget all these stupid fitness channels selling you a bunch of pointless exercises. Just deadlifts and squats, that's all you need to fix EVERYTHING wrong with your posture.
Im a 25 y.o male and i suffer from apt and kyphosis. It seems that my weird/ exaggerated posture is giving me more problems than i have ever imagined. People used to make fun on my posture, which ended giving me a lot of insecurities and low confidence as well as psychological problems. I never faced the problem the right way. I want to make a last effort by trying these exercises. Ill keep you guys posted on my journey.   Day 1 . I completed all the exercises shown in the video. I had to stop mid-way to burst in tears because i have finally come face to face with my problem. I didn't want to give up again so i completed all the steps. I really hope I make it..
Thanks so much!
I can’t stand these videos that over exaggerate the issue. I have anterior pelvic tilt and have for a long time. Maybe next time you do a show like this. Get someone who actually suffers from it and show actual results. Not just some bullshit
Starting today going to incorporate it into my gym warmup
Makes sense. But it takes a long time. Almost as long as a full body workout.
Is APT connected to SI joint pain ?  My lower back feels very tight.  Kinda like a rubber band being pulled. Very tight.  I have SI joint pain as well.   I had a PT explain to me  that the signs point to a APT.  I sit a lot as well job wise    Doing reg SI exercises hurt a lot.   Was told if you have APT that might explain why simple movements at my lower back arent working.  Your thoughts on how to 2 can effect each other ?
I also have this wrong posture and also disc bulge in l4-5 and l5-s1. So, can I do these exercises?
Thank you for these steps to fix APT. I wish there was a beginner's version.  I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia more than a year ago.  I need to work to get to 25 repetitions of the No Gap exercise, but I aspire to do so.  Thanks for all the information in this video, Scott.
I cant keep my lower back on the ground and do anything. The second I move, my lower back lifts off the ground. Wtf?
best video to learn english :D
Just what I needed  🙌 . Thanks 😊.
DUDE USING A FAKE BOSTON ACCENT LUL
Came for the tutorial, stayed for the Boston accent.
i cannot thank you enough for this very detailed video...the stress this APT HAS PUT ME THROUGH over the years not knowing why my body is so differently shapedd than others ii cant wait to put the work !!! dthese muscle imbalances has me losing so much balance... affects my basketball skills and just more or less self defense skills gets me paranoid andd my squating my knee has been buckling inward for years...just imagine the stress i put on my knees... and this whole time im thinking my hips are just so weak... i have bad lateral movement... makes no sense... ive been hearing either my lower back crack or my pelivs crack on every leg lift since i was 14... years old!!!
THIS IS AN AMAZING VIDEO!! THE EXERCISES MAKE SO MUCH SENSE !!! IM SO EXCITED TO finally figure out why the fuck my back was always like that... like you saiid like a female... im not going to lie i train alot... and also used to smoke a lot of weed icant begin to tell you the stupid highs i got looking at me hips and my back thinking im turning into a female!!!! why tf do i look like this !!! funny but not funny in the moment of freaking out LOL
thank you for this great video.
I am glad I found this video, this definitely helps much love for the information and support!
It should be done once a day or twice a day🤔🤔
Really great stretches and exercises, thank you!
Love this video, can't wait to start practicing the moves! Thank you
Just found the video. It catches so well what I'm going through on daily basis, I want to cry litteraly. Thank you Sir
This was a really haad exercise but hopefully it will staat to eliminate the aach in my lower back.
Fixed my APT in 3 days, thanks!!! And low back pain gone, incredible
Thank you! I'll try some of these out.
These exercises look like they are going to take a long time but im excited to see results
These are the kind of basic moves that I had to learn from PT before I accidentally stumbled on doing Pilates which absolutely helped correct my ATP. I had no idea I had ATP, I just had people telling me why do you stick your butt out like that and your chest out, and I said ' I don't know what you're talking about'.  I had a physical therapist once explain this to me by putting a blood pressure cuff underneath my lower back that he inflated, and had me do these exercises to try to push the cuff down. That actually made it click in my mind. Then when I did my Pilates, I was able to 'flatten my back' better and activate my abs more. Previously I would always just use my hip flexors and then afterwards try to stretch them out so bad that once I tore them. So... Great video
Amazing.   And nice ending music as well!
Stretch 1: 7:50 | 3-4 reps of 60-120 seconds per side | Flex glutes and push pelvis forward Stretch 2:  9:10 | 2-3 reps of 60-120 seconds per side | pull tightly and breathe normally Stretch 3:  10:50 | 3-4 reps of 60-120 seconds | relax upper body Exercise 1: 12:30 | 25 reps | straighten body for no gap, flex core, tense glutes Exercise 2: 14:10 | 10 reps of 20 seconds | go down with no gap Exercise 3: 16:45 | 3-4 reps of 30 secs | Dont be in apt position during plank
English isnt my main language and maybe i've missed it, but are the muscles on both side of the lower back spine supposed to be trained or am i using the wrong muscles? They activate heavily for me.
13/01/2023 i start. will post again in 30 days
Guys, sorry but im not best in English. Do I understand corectly that I need repeat all at once (ofc some breaks but u know what I mean). Its not like : do the first 2 weeks and then you can start another.
as a girl, it's actually really bad because of the way it looks to me. I'm 5'3 and only around 110 pounds, and most of my body looks pretty skinny besides my butt and thighs, but because apt makes my stomach buldge out, I always look 4 months pregnant 😭😭
pov not doing this  70 years later aww my back its hurts
Wow so the reason I got pain was because of this I didn’t even know that’s crazy
I did all of these excercises and stretches and after I did those there is pain in my shoulder joints. Did I do something wrong or is it normal. The pain is not severe. I can feel the pain in the bones.
Excellent efforts and Excellent Video 👍👍 from 🇵🇰
The third exercise is by far my favourite :D
I can see the results one the first day of doing this  Notice able on the first day 🔥  Must use
I would say it is chronic tension and not chronic pain.
Hello, I know your talking about APT but can a LPT cause the same problems?
What no it's not attractive
No way I can do 3 sets of 10 bridges holding for 20 sec each
I'm glad I actually watched the video I kind of thought I had this issue but then actually watching it from the beginning and seeing what you're talking about lets me know I definitely have this issue.
boys I had this on a medium-high level. Started working out and it just slowly disappear. I have to tell you, it feels so nice to lie down on your back, and actually feel your back touch the bed instead of only the shoulder blades + butt  Just go to the gym a couple times a week and workout your back/abs
i think my growth legit got stunted which is why im shorter than my brother n dad n im 19 now .. oh well - better late than never. ppl just told me out of the blue growing up "you just have a big butt right now but itll disappear" and i had so many insecurities from then on lol
Try this exercise for 6 months and cure ❤
Countless hours of research and years of pain brought me here. The last few months have been hell.. everything went from bad to worse faster than I can blink. As I’m writing this; I can barely perform my regular daily activities and have to quit my job because of how debilitating this issue has become over the last 10 years of my life. I just followed along with most of the video (what I could manage) and for the first time in my life I feel some relief. Very informative and very well presented.  Subscribed, liked, will absolutely share.  Thank you 🙏
this is a very comprehensive education about the whole issue.  thank you. very well explained.  your a good teacher. great advice! ♥️
Wow!  Can fell a complete stretch.
The coming and going of the accent was very distracting, but the exercises look good, and I'll give them a try. Thanks!
as a native of massachestts, is this guy from new england???
so many useful information..i will star as soon as possible
Day 1 of doing this. Will aim for atleast 4-5 times a week twice a day. Will come back if I find any improvements within 2 weeks. Cheers mate!
Am gonna start this routine today for 2 months I will come back every week to update you guys
How many hours or days do we have to work to get a complete change?
Scott, you and Scooby 1961 were my go-to guys back in my 20’s. Admittedly, I never stuck long with working out, but I’m back at it years later in my 30’s (I went from a medium to large and XL in clothing sizes…So that was a wake up call). I’m happy to be able to return to all your videos! You two were always the best! Now, having dealt with anterior pelvic tilt all my life, I will be trying these out! Thanks.
Thank you!
I never knew having that gap was bad.  So slowly my spine will adjust to it being flat if o keep this up every morning?
If a person having the issue of lumber lordosis...then he can perform these exercises?pls reply
How i come to know that i am having interior palvic tilt?
ausie trying to hide accent?
Should i do this once a day?
it totally does affect a human's mood, it directly applies pressure to the vagus nerve and specifically to one side. and that arch is something I wager subconsciously affects those that swing that way, they don't even know why they do it. they told me themselves. if that many people have this issue there is probably a manufacturing process going on, a collective effort without really stating it. you know? a broken cycle repeated on mass couldn't be a coincidence, could it? don't think too hard, lifestyle choices, everyday actions are a culture, it is what is carried down the river. it is what survives. our culture in the west becomes globalized and not only this but there are those incentivized, naturally not conspiratorially, to apply pressure to what feeds them. like a people with a bad drug habit they want more clones, and so what does a culture of an exasperated single mother make of men? poor posture, weak will, and the inability to overcome what is so clearly easy to resolve. it is just a bunch of dominoes, and what do we have? an entire nation that is lucky economics protects them from war
Great video again Scott!
So I love you videos! I have been suffering for 2 years from si joint disfunction.  My chiropractor says this is because the left side of my pelvis is in anterior rotation and the right side of my pelvis is in posterior rotation, and this causing my sacrum to be tilted. Can you post a video of some excercises I can do or leave some in the comments so that I can work on this issue proactively. I know this video wasn't centered around this, I just wanted to comment on the newest video in hopes to get a quicker response. Thank you so so much! I have been suffering so long! My chiropractor has helped somewhat but I'm still in daily pain!
I never realized how New England Scott really was until he said “stahting” position. Great info tho!
Donald Duck. LOL!
come here after watching an entire video on the myth of anterior pevlic tilt, that dude was so chill and this dude is like HEY YO YOUTUBE WASSUP. who should I believe
So I work in a security hut and slouch in a chair for 10hrs of my 12hr shift each night. I've developed apt even though I was fit and healthy beforehand. The shifts leave me no gym time unless I lose valuable sleep so exercise is rare and diet has got terrible too. It has now got so bad that every time I've been in bed asleep for just 4 or less hrs I wake up being suffocated by back spasms and a drawstring type tightness that starts in the middle back and spreads through all the nerves around to the sides and front. It really hurts and for 2 or 3 seconds that it spasms I can barely breath, I actually worry that one day it won't let go and I'll be asphixiated and will pass out, in agony! This terrible posture along with weight I've gained makes me look at feel terrible and is actually an undiagnosed full blown health condition. I refuse to go to the doctor, no time to be fobbed off with pain killers, I have to reverse this myself and valuable content like this video will help me on my path to self recovery. If anybody has ever suffered the same issues I'd be intrigued to hear from you whether you resolved it or not. Many thanks Scott, I'm subscribed 👍😬
Is leaning forward when you walk a symptom of Anterior Pelvic Tilt?
When I start working out, I develop this tilt and when I stop, I get my normal back again. Am I doing my workouts wrong?
Subscriber and Lover from  India 💝💪
for the first stretch...I only feel it in the back leg... nothing in the front.  Can't figure it out. 😕
Quality content!
How can sitting down for just a job or school cause atp - your body won't change or evolve even if you spend just 30 minutes a day outside of that position
❤️🌹….much thanks … sincerely grateful 😇
Ive had back pain for 2 weeks. Chiropactor helped some, but pain returned when i sit down for a few minutes. Thank u!!
I CANT PROPERLY DO THE FIRST STATIC STRETCH I JUST FEEL EVERYTHING IN MY QUADS
the first stretch just makes my quadriceps feels so fucking tired, what am i doing wrong
This is going to be very helpfull, thanks! 👍🏻
Mine don’t look like that lol but just a lil but the lower back pain and hip flexors be hurting
As someone with severe lordosis i am trying out this routine daily starting today. Spent 3 years in pain trying out different exercises and such..So here’s my attempt
Dude you are a life saver!
Thank youuuu! I recently discovered what APT was and now I’m obsessed w finding workouts for it! Trying these later 🫶🏽
I'm just random guy from internet, but i might add: 1. Foam roll your quads and do couch stretch instead of stretch in the video. But it will be very painful and brutal. 2. Do 1-legged hip thrust, i prefer reps not hold. It activates glutes much more than glute bridge from my experience. 3. Dead bug exercise is also great for lower abs. 4. I think you shouldn't stretch psoas, cause my is tight because of quads. After i relax quads psoas relaxes too. But maybe it's temporary effect, i don't know for sure. 5. You can use glute bridge as quads stretch when you get your heels as close as possible to your butt. So you should go up with posterior pelvic tilt than get your heels even more closer to your butt. It stretches lower portion of quads for me.
Hey Scott, great video I was hoping it was going to be on pelvic tilt or shift when squatting or deadlifting. Where ever I do these i notice a shift to one side and not sure how to control.
You need to do a tutorial on how to get the epic neck veins  so I can scare people when I get angry
I think my pelvic tilt got started but it's not that too much but it started.
Thanks for the plan! But aren't the sets/reps a little exaggerated? The no-gap, for example, would take like 4 minutes a set and 16 minutes total for just one exercise...
this was so helpful!
i been suffering from very painful periods my whole life, due to this issue, thanks so much for this info :)
I have aPT, then how much time does it take to get right with exercise.
I'm going to do these exercises now, I'll give you guys an update🙏🏼💪
Lol I swear he never used to have the accent 😂
You are a GEM Scott! I had been having this lower back pain for several months and it was getting to the point where I couldn’t bend to pick up something off the floor. I started these exercises several days ago and my pain has greatly diminished and my range of motion has gotten so much better. My backpainseal cb-295 helped destressing my pinched nerve that was causing a shooting pain in my left leg. I plan to do these exercises on a regular basis to keep the pain away. I am so thankful.
Genius 👍
Unless I’m doing the first stretch wrong, it’s a good bit like a lunge and tires the forward leg out. You didn’t mention anything about that.  Also, what is your accent? It makes no sense. No offense.
The back pain I had for 20 years was gone after a week. Ive done this routine every day for the past three months and will never go back.
Who tf stands like dat 😂😂 nigga
This is a wonderful workout! I feel relief in only one day. But while doing glute bridge my knees pain a lot. What should i do? Plzz suggest me some tips.
My back is super arched. I can’t do some exercice because I can’t posture my back whatsoever, i donf even know how to tilt your pelvis bruh, but my knees are not tilted tho, they don’t change position at all like in your exemple
Can i do these exercises along with my regular gym routine?
Hey! Don’t forget that Jesus Christ loves you and he died for you have a blessed day❤️
Ia that your real voice?
punisher sorr bug sorr shoulfers grass grad gorums 10n1
water goals
For an entire year I’ve been having back pain going to doctors and chiropractor even watching other YT videos and no help till I found this video it really helped me I had severe back pain and my right hamstrings no matter how much I stretched it out it was constantly tight the first couple of days of doing these I started to feel instant relief, my back pain decreased a lot almost not noticeable like before I will give an update when the pain is all gone
plz tell whow many time we should do these exercises in a week😩😩😩
Instagram models complaining about how the vid is on her home page
7:37
Will there be any height improvement after fixing the postures ?
Scott, thank you so much for this! I have been looking for good APT solutions and have not found one as good as yours. I feel my dormant muscles coming out like crazy when doing these exercises and there's nothing else I've been able to do to get them active like this! I haven't heard anyone else explain the concept of dealing with dormant muscles and working with the immune system to re-activate them for APT. I just started but I'll come back to share results. <3
Thank you. Your explanations are excellent!
This video information is very truth and one with apt will surely cured if done what he had explained
This is great,  I'm a male with this problem,  I needed this , thanks
This guy talks like athlean x
Day 5 ✅
Day 4 ✅
Day 3 ✅
Day 2 ✅
I have chronic neck and upper back pain. My lower back is also super tight and I have hyper lordosis. I’ve gone to so many doctors, physical therapist, chiropractors and I have done acupuncture. I’ve been reading about hyperlordosis and how it can affect your back and neck. Has anyone else had this problem where hyperlordosis affects their upper back and neck? Also I’m only 20 years old :(
How often in a week should you do these exercises?
Looks nice!
Day 1 ✅
question should we every day do step 1 and 2 or first step 1 then after some dayse step 2
Hey when i lay on the floor i have the curve on my back and when i do the nogap on the floor my abs start shaking/vibrating what can be the cause
I can't believe this is your real voice 😂
Thanks Scott - been doing these exercises every day for around 10 days and I feel like my APT is improving a little. I find it difficult to always think about the posture though, but I'm sure it will come with time.
Ok
Thanks man, I tried the first stretch and can only do it for 5-10 seconds, I'm that weak right now. I liked the second stretch though and it really helped, I also didnt get a cramp!
bro this mans down BAD
It’s so weird how YouTub knew I had an APT before me.
The glute bridge always really hurts not only my back (even engaging core to ensure no gap) but also my knees. Is there anything I can do to help? I can't hold 20 seconds in increasing pain, it's honestly disheartening.
I’m having trouble with the first step. My knees be shaking like crazy and bending my feet as well. I think it’s better for myself to do it 30 seconds  instead of 60 seconds then build on up imo. I don’t wanna push myself too fast and hurt myself.
😑✌ i wanna to thank myself for ruining my back💀
I lean in more than I lean out I push my pelvis in/forward more. How can I correct that. So I'm opposite of this. I'm also a beginner of lifting and I feel when I'm doing over head presses barbell or dumbell that I'm way out of whack can you help
Just startetd with it and i cant even do the 60-120 seconds on the first exercise. My max is 30 seconds because my legs aren't trained enough, but i guess I just keep going to get there somehow!
I swear  your logic seems on point like non point the band.  When I fix my crooked spine ….
@7:00
Just wondering, I have APT but I also have a rounded shoulders with a nerd neck. I am wondering if I should start with these exercises first or if I should address the shoulders and neck first?
Most helpful video for me yet! Thanks a lot 🙏
i ll start today and i comeback when i notice changes
Tight calves and behind the knee pain. Tight hip flexor pain on my lower back. Can this be apt
So much useful video, i hurt myself today by deadlifts and your video is so helpful❤️‍🔥♥️
🤔"60 to 120 seconds "; is that about the same as 1 to 2 minutes ⁉🙄🤨🤣
I really like the expiation. I will try this and let you know the results!
Thank you so much
I have no pain in my pelvis but I sit most of the day. I think everyone should do this. I remember seeing this video years ago before I started going to the gym and I remember thinking "I have to do something about this right fucking now" and then forgetting about it. Even though I'm still sitting most of the day I think it's improved just by weight training.
Wahhtah is spilling..anyway I can do 15 wide grip pullups at 71 yet have severe pelvic tilt.Thanks so much!  Brillint!
Ahhch is lower back noted
So if my back is flat when I lay down, I don't have APT?
am I the only one being out of breath while doing the first stretch ? Ahah I'm quite fit and still I find this so hard to hold tho
Can someone explain what does flexing your glutes mean?
I’m going to start up this routinely and keep everyone updated on my results. I have no pain from my APT however I would consider severe based upon the curvature of my spine and stomach protruding, other than that I’m generally healthy.
7:38 Stretching  11:16 Strengthening  3-4 times a week.  When done still 1once per week.
Since when is static stretching ok without warming body up? I thought its not ok for muscles
I broke my femur when I was 16 and still have hip and lower back pain at 21 and could never figure out why until this thanks very much
thank you very much i had this problem and i did a lot of research but i liked your video very much
Absolutely brilliant. Struggled lifelong with this, didn't understand it and in severe pain - neck, lower back, knees, ankles and feet. Physio of limited use and didn't explain why and what to do. Gives me hope and my life back. Can't thank you enough.
THAT WOULD KILL ME
THIS LOOKS HORRIBLE FOR TOU BACK AND PSOAS MUSCLE
I never comment on videos but man oh man all the symptoms you describe are just spot on. I feel a lot of them so I’ll just start today THANK YOU!!
I’m pretty sure I developed mine to impress men 😬
Thank you so much for this, liked and subbed <3
Thanks so much! Today will be my first day on this routine
Its all right and except first stretch all others are helpful. But in the fitst stretch isn’t is what we should not do? Pushing pelvis forward actually worsens the anterior pelvic tilt, isn’t it? Instead flexing hip and leaning forward and then extending up might help more i feel. Feel free to correct me if i m wrong.
This guy is definitely from baaston...  Great video thanks for tips.👍
Should I do it every single day?
I get lower back pain when doing the planks like that, what am I doing wrong or is it okay to get that pain (just burning)
Ok I had a c-section after 12 hours of labor so my abs need to be built again and I have this is it normal for it to feel better the first time I do my stretches
does anyone had diarrhoea problem related to Anterior Pelvic Tilt?????? reply please
These exercices look usful.ill start doing theme today.
7:50 woah skip a leg day or two ahahah
This was such an incredible video. I have been looking for something this informative and simple for years. Thank you so much for a truly detailed explanation, and for being so thorough in your delivery. Thank you!!!
I’m downloading this video for the gym
7:32
Good presentation … good exercises … observation … over use of guys and you guys … preference would be “you” alone which would be more population inclusive.
Thank you for this video. I was suffering with low back pain, anterior pelvic tilt and tight hip flexors and this has helped me so much!
Thank you Scott - i feel better after day one
Goat
I lay down and my back was flat against the ground... It seems I just have a big ass.
How long does it normally take to fix it after a back tweak warming up for deadlift, only 25kg and my back snapped in set number 2 rep 12
Great video!!! 👍
me: does everything hes told me, him: 8:05
Doing this fixed my APT.
Good information, but you were interrupted a few times by that crazy neck vein(I cannot imagine how big that mother gets on deadlifts lmao).
Day 1. Intense! So good though. See you in a week for an update. Will definitely do this for the next couple of months.
I have had an anterior pelvic tilt my whole life but just recently gotten serious lower back pain and limited movement. I am in serious pain. Will this help? I did physical therapy for it(for the first time) and now my back is seriously hurting. my hip flexors are not tight. help!!
THANK YOU so much! After 26 years of lower back pain and sometimes my hip, an MRI scan revealed almost no Psoas on my left. I have everything you mentioned and it all makes perfect sense now. I've lost count of how many so-called professionals I have seen over the years and now of this has ever been mentioned to me!!
sometimes when I do the 2nd stretch, I have a headache that comes on and goes away after a few minutes. can someone help plz me determine the cause or find me an alternative to this stretch? thank you very much
Great video, thanks!  However, do you really suggest to do this 1-hour long routine 2x per day, every single day? Don't the muscles also need some resting days?  Thanks for clarifying.
Amazing video, thank you
I’m definitely giving this a go. Been having problems at work and it sounds like this is the reason
the volume of the workouts are too much
Could you please provide me with some more core exercises for this issue.🙏✌️
Thanks, very much needed.🙏👍✌️
Why did I get this after 4 years... But happy that I got this video.... THANKKK YOUU SOO MUCHH
I love the obviously fake Boston accent 😂 but only because the content is actually good on its own!
Can someone go cycling if he has APT? Since people with APT are adviced to not stretch their hamstrings. So does cycling stretch hamstrings?
You are a god
Thank you for good exercise！ My husband and I feel much better!
This comment is just so I remember when I started doing this. Good luck for me :'D
The first two exercises I can emeisies the stretch on the flexor when I activity force my anterior pelvic tilt interiorly, is that ok?
Great videos thank you
Any advice for FAI and PTP? I've also been told my pelvis is twisted pretty bad. Extremely high arches here... ankle issues. Lots of back and psoas pain. I dont think I need to stretch.. probably over stretched.
I couldn't help notice the New England accent 😂 Very useful video, I'm going to start with these. I guess my tilt isn't that bad... I don't have any back pain, but I have noticed my belly looks bigger, but I noticed that the way I'm sitting also has a lot to do with it.
bro, you're awsome! ALL LOVEE> thank you for this detailed helpful video!! I appreciate your work on the video partitioning and time spanning and all the editing stuff....thanks again! <3
Thank you, @ScottHermanFitness. This thorough, easy to follow content is difficult to find nowadays. Great job 👏
It s been litteraly 3 years since I have all these symptoms chronically and never ever found the real cause. Thanks
Starts at 7:40
Already a noticeable difference after only a week of this. Think my problem was mainly my outrageously tight hip flexors and a weaker core, since my glutes are fairly strong and I don’t have much lower back tightness. This is a great routine.
How much it gonna take
Baaabell?
What is an Aaaach?
Also strengthen the hamstrings.If they are weak you will pull into APT much easier.If they are strong they will help work against the hip flexors.
This video is the light at the end of the tunnel that IV needed to see
You make the common mistake of wasting so much time explaining what the problem is, people watching your video already know the problem, get to the fucking solutions
I just very thank you to u man bcz of u my back is now good.
Thank you scott
is it possible to have this on ONE side?
Is this guy from Jersey? Lmao
??  I can only hold the Iliopsoas stretch for about 10 seconds...
.
Can this help a heirnated disc
I've seen a ton of ATP videos and this may be the most detailed and simple to follow along with. Tells us what we need to show, gives us a routine, how many reps and sets. Love it
That accent came out heavy when saying barbell squat haha
Great information! So many great tips. Also a lot of medical misinformation. A great start for those looking to gather info!! Well done!    Making improvements: One cannot make statements about pelvic tilt, without imaging.  Nor the correction of.  Pelvic morphology, thus APT, is based on physical structure. There are normal healthy alignments. Exercises have been claimed to fix that, however, external posture, even with proper objective external markers, is extremely inaccurate, as show cased in the literature.  How to truly diagnose and fix? See a Doctor who can take image and truly fix the cause. The #1 cause isn't musculo-, it's structural (alignment).
stretching the hips is so hard for me
This video is very very very helpful thanks for that and keep going man
I was not knowing about it at all and I am having this problem thanks a lot man ❤️
So true pain after 40 ask me about it
THANK YOU SIR!!!!  I wanted so badly to physically get back in the game!! Riding my bike... playing basketball... walking.. running... martial arts xcetera!!! But the weakness in my body limited all those activities!!! My fiance was talking about Rehabilitation!! Cortisone shots!! NEVER!!!! And as a massage therapist, sometime mobile, which meant caring the table, I found myself in pain when I was working on my clientele! The range of motion and flexibility wasn't there... couldn't move like I used to 100%...But Thank GOD I found you!!!  YOUTUBE UNIVERSITY STRIKES AGAIN!!!😎 You may have saved my physical life Scott.... Love how  you clearly explained what APT is... how we get it... and step-by-step how to get rid of it!! And it's not that difficult!! Just have to be consistent!!! Even engaging the glutes and abs at the same time  felt good all by itself just holding that contraction for 30 seconds!!! Well gotta sign off now, it's time for some exercise!!! THANKS AGAIN FOR SHARING YOUR EXPERTISE!!!💪.
All exercises step 2
Is there any video for walking with, I am not able to find on your channel, this is best video I have seen so far for apt
I think this is the most helpful video I've came across
Jesus fkin christ! I've been trying all kinds of different youtube/physio programmes to fix my APT for about 3 years now with little to no results. This was by far the best guide I've found! You saved my back!
how many days it takes to cure?
It actually worked! Combined this stretches and exercises with my normal routine and it enhanced my posture a lot, I feel comfortable with myself again :)
great video thanks man!
is it normal for my hamstrings to burn a little and cramp a little during glute bridge? or am I doing something wrong
Hi! After 20 years of strength training, 5 months ago I was diagnosed with a bulging disc. I stopped working out since. Can I do this routine with a bulging disc? Thank you XOXO
John Cena needa watch this
Combine this with TRANSVERSE ABDOMINAL activation stretches excercises
3 easy steps and the video got to be 20 minutes long ong
I don't know about you guys but I'm subbing!
Ty vid helps alot! Ive stretched as hot as i can but i still dont know who Bob Al is.
Should we sleep on floor without pillow? Or does soft bed makes APT worse?
How long should I do this  2 times a day?
Great video
BULLSEYE 🎯
I can't reach my leg
When I tried the glutes bridge it hurt me in my lower back.Is there something wrong??please reply me
12:31 is it bad if my hip area is popping doing this?
Nice bro
Very helpful
This seems extremely long
Awesome video man! straight to the point and very informative. Subscribed
We have to do exercises that completely destroy our glutes and abs and then we have to use our glutes and abs at the same time ;(
Scott,can you tell me if i can do this routine for APT with a hunchback posture because i worry it might get worse(the hunchback)?
Hi ur training is very nice. My 12year son having this posture problem. He is having knee, and ankle pain frequently. His walk also slightly changed now. Shall we do this exercise for him.
Hope, hope, hope that horrible hair-style goes away soon
i can't able to do planks😭
When you do that static strengthening and have snapping hip, any tips?
fam if i could made a no gap i wouldn't have needed to exercise would i
The first six minutes made me feel APT means death.
Ever since I was a kid I thought my spine was just curved like Kick Buttowski.
This excess Howmany month repeat  sir pls reply
Im tired of people telling me I'm sticking out my butt
Can I fix genetic anterior pelvic tilt?
Finally i found this video. Thanks scott❤️
Really explained this well . I never realized why my quads kept getting stronger but not my glutes or hamstrings, even when targeting those areas. 60-120 seconds!!! Def shows me what's been happening ...trembly legs lol
I like his accent, sounds like he's worked on it but still has slight traces with the a. Very charming. Keeps you off guard. Cute too.
Holyshit I’ve had this abt shit for awhile explains a lot thank you sir. I will sort this out thanks to you. 🙏
If you want to help yourself, just google Weedborn. I know you will find good solutions for all your discomforts there.
First Stretch and my legs are shaking violently
Can senior citizen find.it safe for their knees n pelvic bone ?
Thank you 🙏🏻
Mike is because I lye on my back to much
Needs to be done daily?
Step 1 3rd.             10:08 Step 2 Ex
11:30
11:50
12:00
12:20
7:45
8:00
HUK DA BAAA!!!!!!!!
While i was doing the glute bridges i pulled my right hamstring  How can i do it right?
Superb informative video🔥
I have tried this exercise for about 2 months including warm up exercise and the result was awesome. I am very motivated.
before we staaaat the movement
Thank you so much! I've had this for 25 years and had no idea until now. I've been to Chiropractors, physical therapists, airosity, and medical spine doctors. No one told me it was APT until I finally put all thr little pieces together. Mine is to the point of such extreme pain in my low back, hips and ankles it affects my work, life, social, everything. I have even been told to consider surgery. After seeing this for thr first time in a long time, I have hope. Thank you. I needed a little hope.
How would you do these for a beginner? I have bad knees from getting surgery to correct knock knees.
No homo, but he *THICC*
Does anyone else feel a burn in their thighs when doing the illiopsas stretch or are mine just weak?
Thank you very much , you have no idea how I am very happy ....thank you once more time
good video!
Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 Day 4 Day 5 Day 6 Day 7
I hit like button so hard that I had to replace my mouse :D
How long to rest between each exercise?
Please help someone.... Can These exercises help me fix mild grade 1 spondylolisthesis?
Well explained and illustrated.
This exact video needs to circle around the twitch community. I streamed for 2 years trying to maintain proper posture. Little did I know that I was actually creating ATP.
wow, you are so clear and helpful, thank you. Mine is pretty bad so I am going to start this now.
if you see this God wants you to know that He loves you and will always be there with you.  He wants a relationship with you and wants to be in Heaven with you. He will return for His PEOPLE one day and Not every day is promised. Remember that when God is silent He is testing your faith He hears your prayers and His TIMING is PERFECT. God bless you and your family.
this has given me a noticable improvement in just 2 weeks. still some way to go but much less pain, a noticeable aesthetic difference, and better form for almost all my lifts. squats, bench press, deadlift, overhead press, even (standing) bicep curls and tricep extensions... they're all more comfortable already.
When I try the first stretch I feel it mostly in my quads, I do feel it in my hip flexors as well but most of it is on the quads, why is that?
fixing anterior pelvic tilt makes any improvement in height ????
he should do the whole video in the NE Accent lol but even with out it great info and nuisances...watched about 40 apt videos and this is the golden ticket. 2021 rebuilding from the inside out!! Thanks Brother!!
Does it really work? ?
Amazing video... Very well explained... Thanks a lot...
HE TO FIX ANTERIOR PELVIC TILT GO AND SEE THE DOCTOR
because of my flat feet my legs have turned outward and caused my apt. What should i do?
Anybody else really struggled with this i gotta stop playing so much video games
I have got belly fat also along with APT. Can I do exercise for both separately ?
Nice shoes. I believe they are ASICS. What is meant by 60 seconds to 120 seconds. I cannot make up my mind. Someone please select the stretch time for me.
Does this work for lateral pelvic tilts as well? My right hip is higher than my left
Do u do this exercise everyday ?
I don't experience pain but the tilt is there
Hi brother, I don't know I have Apt but have lower back pain and I get pain during bending down
Goat
I find this to be really painful. Is that common? My muscles were really tight when I did this last night. Since I woke up today my neck, back, and quads have been killing me. Is this because my posture is really bad and needs a lot of correcting?
I come here to fix a pelvic tilt and find OhTheHermanity, what the hell...?
So when I did the single glute bridge , one of my hips fall more than the other, what's wrong or is that normal?
Will these exercises also help me get rid of my snapping hip syndrome, which is a result of my anterior pelvic tilt? Thanks.
LIFE CHANGING. Just start! 3 weeks ago thought I would need surgery.  Now my back hurts 90% less. This routine, deadhangs/pullups, and wearing some 10 dollar posture straps, to remind myself. Also sit less PERIOD!!!!
You just resumed my symptoms in 3 minutes. I saw so many professonals in 4 years without an actual solution. Cant wait to try this!
Holy fuck this routine is actually exhausting ! It has to be the most hardcore corrective routine I've ever done. STILL GOING STRONG THO
Can we do these static stretches before Heavy Squatting... Any Experienced person Please reply
how much time in a day we have to give it to fix  APT
Excellent information I will be starting this as a long time chronic pain sufferer, thank you
I can’t tuck my hips in
Scott is a legend. I learnt all my key workout routines from him and knew he’d be able to help with this issue too!
I'm only now starting to realize that i probably should do something about my apt and my rounded upper back...
Just take off the chain, dude. Maybe it's "cool" to wear it on a vid, but it's obviously distracting you and giving you one more thing to handle.
What if my but dont pop out like that but I have a tilt in my lower back is that still atp  ??
I don’t experience pain it just feels uncomfortable
When doing the glute bridge, my hamstrings are cramping up and making it very difficult to finish this section of the routine. Is this a symptom of APT as well? What can I do to correct this and stop this from happening?
Wow, 6 planks to fail a day...  if you're actually going to fail those are intense.
Bruh I did this shit one time and it feels like my spine is straightened out
U can’t speak proper English boi u said waater lol
I can't even hold the first stretch for 1 minute
Did this for 2 weeks and successfully fixed my apt! Thanks a lot! I will continue doing this once a week just to make sure it doesn't come back. So yeah for those of you scrolling through comment to find prove, this routine does work!
Such Dedication , Explaining While Exercising Is Difficult 👍👍👍👍
11:44
10:06
Does this affect your height? For example if you’re suffering from APT and you correct it, do you think that you will have a chance of growing faster and taller because you have a corrected and stronger posture?
Is it just me or does his accent like come out of nowhere sometimes 😂
I have knee pain already  what to do
best APT VIDEO!!! THANK-YOU(:(:
This is truly amazing!  Now matter what I did I couldn't stretch out my tight hammies and didn't know why.  With one good stretch session I can touch my toes and I haven't done that in years!!
Thanks man for the video!
So helpful, instateneous results. Thank you!
I’m a garbage man this helps
Shout-out to all the people who have APT because of pectus excavatum. Ur not alone bro
Gonna Start From Tomorrow  - Will Update Changes after 10 days.
Do you have to do the whole routine in 1 go or can you do it throughout the day
The exercises are good. But do you notice the time and number of sets you're suggesting?  1st stretch: 4 sets of 120s each leg = 4×2×2 = 16min 2nd stretch: 4 sets of 120s each leg = 4×2×2 = 16min 3rd stretch: 4 sets of 120s = 4×2 = 8min  1st exercise: 4 sets of 25 reps each leg (50 reps per set). Assuming it takes 2sec per leg, time taken = 4×50×2 = 400sec = 6min 40sec 2nd exercise: 3 sets of 10reps of 20s holds = 3×10×20 = 600sec = 10min 3rd exercise: 4 sets of max hold (say 1min) = 4min.  So in total, without considering the time between the sets and exercises, it comes down to 16+16+8+6min 40sec+10+4 = 1hour 40sec!! If you consider time in between the sets and exercises and fatigue, it'll easily reach 1.5-2 hours!!  Your exercises are amazing, but its just a suggestion to keep realistic and practical number of reps and sets next time.  Cheers!
Damn i suffer from everything the guy said 🙂🙂🙂
This information was a miracle! Just the stretches alone relieved so much tension in my back!
This video was very helpful
I cannot hold the stretches that long lol
My APT is so bad as I do the bridge position, I feel extreme stress in the lower back and quads but not in the glutes.
HI.. I AM HAVING DIASTASIS RECTI ALSO... ARE THESE EXERCISE SAFE .. I AM 42 YEARS MALE
I already watched this....and many like this at particular time when am seriously conscious...and I forgets it....then again come  here after 1 week😆to watch
Would it also work for women?
Lunges got me dead🤝💀
Can anyone confirm me that this exercise is going to fix my APT?
On the exercise which is meant to hit my lower abdominal muscles I always get low back pain with almost no activation of the lower abs... Can somebody help me?
Man I have a textbook case of apt and saw physio for ages, he hasn't mentioned apt once what happened
I can’t wait to start my journey. I’ve always struggled with this and just thought it was the way I was built lol! So glad to know I can correct this. It’s gets to be uncomfortable but I e gotten so use to it. Well thanks 😊! I will share my results when accomplished.
Good stuff, but I'm pretty sure some degree of space between your lower back and the floor when laying down on it is normal... that' s the natural curvature of the spine. I think it's even more prominent in women.
merci cotch
COVID gave me a big ass and get fat.....for a man this is really hard 2 deal with.   Time 2 fix it.
Where’s this guys accent from in the US? He says wardah and pahtts. Nothing wrong with it its interesting and making me listen more 😅
I have APT but I have to fix it.. Here goes 90 minutes/day for the next 3 months..
Does someone fixed his apt and grew up a bit ( i mean got taller since to better posture) and if Yes how much inches?
So helpfull💯
i think i have apt, but i doesnt look like this 1:22 i mean it does a bit when i lean forward a bit. is that it?
Do I do these before or after a workout please I need answers
Can I ask u a question privately? It's about my hip pain?
This guys way too small to be wearing a stringer
Hey I’m having a lot of trouble with the first stretch like my legs were shaking and burning what should I do
tahgeting the rectus femurs
When ur so unsporty u can't even hold the first exercise for more than 10 seconds
I had slight arch/apt forming from the pandemic quarantine and the excessive sitting. This helps from the first time I've tried it. And it isn't so hard that doing it twice daily is a problem, especially since I have nothing much to do lately.
Can we continue other exercises as well such as push ups and pull ups
This the best for apt
WOW, I can't believe after doing this twice a day/3x a week my anterior pelvic tilt has pretty much gone! No way did I think it could change that quickly before starting this, for anyone not sure if this works, it does! If your looking to correct yours, please just start! Good luck!
I did first workout of this, broke some sweat for sure ;) I will come back after a month maybe, and write down my opinion. From what I can see right now, I can tell, the stretch and effort to complete it, it surely is better, than other methods I tried, from other yt channels. Feeling after is interesting, different, but good for sure.
Can i can try these i have a heirnated disk and spinal stenosis
Do you have a video for posterior pelvic tilt
Thanks 😊 Scott much needed advice and exercise for APT
very helpful
The no gap exercise is hell
I literally found out that I have anterior pelvic tilt after being with it for one complete year and this video is useful but to be honest, I did a different workout video for a maximum of two times a day for two months (once a day also seems possible but the results will be a bit slow) and that is changing my life slowly trust me because having ATP I get back pains when I walk for more than few minutes or have bad postures when I wear clothes I like. So I really recommend to try and fix it as soon as possible and stay healthy and happy guys!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNAIgUuzh5s (this is the link to the workout I do👍😉).
My also
Starting today  i will do this once a day my lordosis is pretty bad hope o fix it o will update every week
I'm trying to find a posture correcter designed for APT, please does anyone have any suggestions as I'm finding all the posting correcters confusing
Hey bro. You explained all the exercises in a very simple manner so that I could easily understand. Thank you so much for that. I also tried your exercises it was very relaxing. I'm not sure if I have APT, but I think I may get it. Because I have lower back pain(not severe) and I think I have a disc bulge too. So can I do these exercises to strengthen my core. Do you have any specific simple exercises for disc bulge. Kindly let me know. Keep up the good work. Thanks again..
This helped alot it looked like I was fat but I wasn’t it we just a massive arch and now my backs flat and so is my stomach
I've been suffering with a lot of the issues you've covered in this video for a long time (and definitely do have that tilt). Doctors/ physio's have always put it down to ME/CFS possibly, an "unknown muscle problem" or just something else (my doctor giving the vaguest of suggestions). Anyway, I'll be trying these out from today onwards with my usual routine and hopefully will see some improvements  Thanks again
How many sets and raps need to perform?
Best video and explanation on youtube,  I've probably watched all of them in pursuit of relief for my lower back pain. So far the results are amazing. Life changing even.
That first (psoas) stretch feels awkward and I can hold it for all of about 10 seconds before the front leg gets too tired.... hmm
@crankgameplays
BRO! you're doing God's work
I will subscribe to you if i fix it by the end of the year
Me after every exercise: is there a difference yet
How do you know how severe you're back curve is with apt?
Scott. I don't know whether you will see this comment or not. I have a habit of walking with everted feet(ankles medially everted) so could it be the reason for my apt?
Interially? lol
How do you recommend we maintain the posture while sitting? Should we lean against the back rest or stand upright?
Im i the only one i have pain back and knee after doing this for 4 days  is the pain normal
Thank you so much...i didn't care about this first but after 3 month i realize there is something wrong my back and having pain sometime...now I'll do this twice a week to correct my posture
thank you man
I think my ATP is causing me to have a hip impingment now that I'm almost 30 lol If the first excercise bothers my hip a little, should I do it?
Thanks so much
8:00
Does this really work? I tried Athlean-X's video for one month and got no results so I wanted to try something else.
Has anyone else with APT always felt lower back pain after/during deadlifts and barbell rows even though you felt as if you were doing them with near perfect form?  This is what's been going on for me, and holy SMOKES, I'm very rotated.  I never realized it before watching this video and analyzing myself.  I'm going to start doing this routine daily and see if I can get my back straight.  I always thought I just had a big butt, turns out it's just sticking out lol.  Thanks a ton Scott, you're a true bro!
This fixed my sciatica after numerous doctors and physical therapists couldn’t find a cause. Can’t thank you enough!
Anyone got nerve pain from APT?
The chair stretch is also stretching my hamstrings, isnt that something to avoid?
Thanks Scott... Going to work on the APT, it has been my Achilles heel for the longest time... You routine looks reasonable and effective and will give a solid effort.
Thank you!
I am an amputee and had no idea this is what was causing my lower back pain.  Thanks!
Scott, are you from wicked good Bahston?
There's no glutes stretch?
How many days does it takes to fix  this APT
11:50 At this point i knew I've been wasting my time ..  Cause i didn't have any gap .      God, i am such an idiot ..  Now, don't say crapy shit like yeah you are or anything like that .. Btw have a nice day🙃😊
Does deadlifting help with APT ? I started doing hip thrusts/Deadlifting for my APT , are they good ?
We've done a video on EVERYTHING you need to know about ANTERIOR PELVIC TILT!! Check it out here! -->> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4nL82iiIts&list=PL5qWLzJuzqqlvzszu70yJ2barWbM51k2_&index=13
Who else felt like there legs were boutta die when they did the first one
I can’t do the lying quad stretch at all.  Can’t even grab my foot/ankle
should this stuff be the only thing done in a day?  or can I do it and then a set of calistenic exercises?
My boobs hurt from just looking at the second stretch
I couldn't feel the first stretch in my leg, idk if my APT is too bad or I'm just not doing it right but I think I'll just skip that one.
That iliopsoas stretch is EXACTLY what I needed! Thank you 😊
13:22 I can fill the gap and I can activate the glutes to the point they can  lift me from the ground. As soon as I start lifting the leg up, the glut goes flaccid strait away!
Lol I did this and basically lost my ass
Are spinal harnasses and backharnass good to wear at work or will it harm the Anterior pelvic tilt? anyone know?
I have a big butt, it's hard for my back to stay flat.
When i do the 2nd stretch (lying down and stretching your legs towards the butt)only my ankles are paining when i bend my legs...am i doing something wrong or do you guys get the ankle pain too
This was one of the only fitness videos,  that I could listen throughout.  Really great info.
Thank you
Great video mate! It helps a lot! Greetings from Argentina
Scott and Jeff cavalier have saved my life 10 times over
Does anyone else find that first stretch so hard? My quads are knackered afterwards!
How should i sit and sleep while having this issue please tell me
Great video, just starting deadlifts (I avoided legs a long time because of a fear of hurting myself with bad form), and struggling to get the proper range of motion without introducing too much strain to my lower back.  Definitely can see the APT going on in my posture and my tight hammies and hip flexors are other symptoms.  Will check back in a few weeks and see how this works.  Might not be able to do it twice a day, but a little bit when I wake up and before bed will probably do the trick.
I've had severe APT for years, from hip arthritis. I tried this and it hurt a bit the first time. I could only do a few sets at a time. I was sore the next day. But I noticed the chronic pain and tightness at my lower back dramatically reduced. If a flawed attempt produced such results, I can't wait to see what will happen after a few weeks. My back feels better. I don't know how to thank you for this video. I'm grateful, from the bottom of my heart.
I've got that sciatica pain on my left side, really sucks. My doctor told me I have pelvic tilt and one side is tighter than the other.
I'll be trying this as soon as my exercise mat arrives
Thank you so much for great information.
First day..i got  fevere on my glutes.I will update my journey guys after 1 month
You have to actually do the exercises and sets so that we can do it along the video. In that case your views will reach the sky and would be easier for us.
Did it ever help anyone getting away APT?
Did all the stretches and exercises but felt a tightness in right side of mid/upper back during the plank holds at the end. Anyone else get that?
Talk too much!
He talks a lot
U R Amazing,thank U 😊💐👍🏻💯
Very good! My physiologist basically thaught me the same things, so I can approve of this :)
thank you..amazing
Thank you bro
Okay this guy is legit
much more speak
@scottHerman can we do jumping rope and other cardio workouts while following the above routine ???
hey man, when I do the last part of stretching the relaxed hanging, I dont feel any stretch in my lower back only on inside of tighs. Not sure if Im doing it wrong, not sure if it can be done wrong it looks easy but I just dont feel anything in my back from this exercise.
8:29
I' m showing some love, good video!!
What if your butt so big it’s causing the arch and the pain
The first stretch is a bit hard I can barely get to 60 seconds before fatigue and my form going off. Is there a simpler way to stretch that muscle?
i had pelvic tilt since i was little. im 23 now. never had any pain but i look horrible cause i am skinny and my belly is sticking out and my back looks like a bow 😄 i will try this routine.
I've known myself that I've had apt for years but never done anything about it. I accepted weakness from myself but I resolve no more. First the mindset now I'm getting to work. Going to crush these exercises and gain confidence from being a man who knows his strength.
My APT is so bad that, when I thought I was scratching the back of my neck, I was actually scratching my ass
Sir, does correcting the APT will add some inches to height too?? I hope you better tell me about this!! Anyone here who know about this??
Have seen almost 20 to 25 videos on apt but this is best thnks  dude
Thanks a million! Instant relief!
Most boring guy ever
Do we have to do it twice a day.? Please tell me
Cjd
Do we have to take a small break between each set of stretch exercise???
I cant get my back to hit the floor
Is it only me?  I can barely do the first static stretching.  Are my legs that weak?
very very helpful video
Will the length also increase after this situation is corrected
Nice or the best video on this issue
I realized i had anterior pelvic tilt after seeing a comment and searched it up. Below is the video's that helped my fix it. My APT was to the point where if i lifted up my shirt you could immediately see i had APT. It took about a week and a half if not 2 weeks to fix it doing the stretches and exercises from the videos below. I think a big turning point during these two weeks was the 4th video where he tells you to learn how to control you pelvis when lying down flat. This was almost impossible at first as i did not know what to do to move the pelvis as much as tried, especially when standing, but as you practice the exercise in the video over time you get it right, after which you begin to be able to move the pelvis the same way when standing. This helps because throughout the day you now can actually feel where your pelvis should be and where it is and correct it. This was huge for me. All the other stretches and strengthening exercises were also important. Here are the videos: (1) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T69N5A0GzrI&list=WL&index=16&t (2) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NZMaI-HeNU&list=WL&index=18&t (3) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zule2pMs-nk&list=WL&index=17&t (4) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UK21FmTpAvs&t (5) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ob0dzgzqF2U&list=WL&index=19&t So for the stretches, i did the third stretch in step 1 from video 1, and all the stretches in step 3 from video 2. That covers the stretches i did. And then for the exercises i did all three exercises in step 2 from videos 1 , the first two exercises from video 4, and the second exercise from video 5 which is the butt squeeze. I did these all daily for those 1 to 2 weeks. I realized that what caused my ATP was due to sleeping on my stomach as well as constant sitting at my table. My table has a bridge in front of where one normally puts their legs when sitting. I use to put my feet on this bridge constantly when watching youtube videos and relaxing. By doing this i was moving my pelvis into an anterior pelvic tilt position and after many hours of sitting like this over many days it stuck. Below is a video that mentions how to sit correctly that i also found useful.  (6) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtrYlYqX0Tg&t These are all the videos that helped my out.
Jeff Cavalair says: Don't stretch your hip flexors in this case.  Scott says here to stretch your hip flexors.  Who do you believe now ??
This is awesome.. I'm 69 ,pelvic tilt bad.fell many times since 12...
2020/05/30 it is 04:57, i just finished my first routine. started off small with 3 sets of 60s for the stretches, and 3x25 for the abs part and 9x20s on bridges. I'm going to leave out the plank for the first 2-3 days to make sure i have awakened the dormant muscles. I don't want to do improper planks thinking im healing when im probably making things worse. I'll come back on 06/07 and probably do weekly updates. For sure i'll do this daily in the mornings and i'll probably squeeze out a single set routine every 30/60min of continuous sitting. I have a very sedentary lifestyle outside of work because i love to sit in front of my desk and explore the internet. 2020/06/07 22:35 edit: definitely feel a difference between day 1 and now. i can hold the lunges longer, and i can hold planks for a little over a minute. 2020/07/03 00:20 edit: forgot to update on the first of the month. This is life changing and encourages me to implement stretching/yoga to see what else i've been missing out on. Definitely recommend everyone pick it up for a week at least. Start small and then show up everyday. Some days you only do a few sets, other days you put a bit of extra work but everyday after the first you simply feel good. 2020/08/01 19:51 final edit: i moved on to doing yoga and i really enjoy the feeling of stretching every muscle in my body. good luck to everyone who is doing this to improve, remember to stay consistent and all good things come to those who wait.
you have a really nice butt. I could not take my eyes off while you were demonstrating the plank.
I don't have the lower back arch. Does this mean i don't have APT?
My belly always protruding and I still trying hard to reduce the it but despite so much of hard workout i could not get my belly in correct shape. I even joined gym couple of time but no one could give correct way to do..After i watched this video and came to know about the importance of body posture. I tried your instruction did anterior pelvic tilt then i was amazed that my belly was sucked in and got a slim body appearance..i liked your video very much. I got flooded with your very ideas and I will definitely follow your instructions.thank you so much
For everyone familiar with apt or a tight schedule jump to 7 min 30 sec for excercises and stretches
I have diagnosed myself with apt. All the specialists looked at my flat feet and knocked knees and gave me orthotics witch didn’t help. I saw many other videos and this is by far the best one. All the others were making it worse or not doing anything. Thank you so so much!
This is the best and most comprehensive video out there. It's the first day I've tried these hints and it's incredible how much of a progress I can see! I have to admit it was painful to go through all of them but before doing them I hadn't been able to put that pelvic in the right spot. After these exercises I've managed to do it with my muscles intentionally contracted. Throughout the day I kept in mind to sit, stand and walk correctly. At some point it became somehow natural and feels awesome. I mean my butt has shrunk by 50%!
no offense but the bucket analogy was not good. although the routine is killer (y)
thank you
you also need to strengthen your glute medius
Great job sir... Perfect tips
Recently, I have watched ur video. Im done this for 1 weeks for 2 times a day. I can clearly see my changes. Really it's amazing results.. Thank uuu very much...
I’m so screwed ! I have APT , arched back , dislocated knee caps , limited ankle movement Edit: forgot to mention the flat foot
I'm the only girl here? ... ok
Just do the thing, don't narrate us your audiobook.
APT causes stomach issues like reflux, bowel issues, hard flaccid (shriveled flacid penis), premature ejaculation, prostatitis, weak bladder control, anorgasmia, pain in knee back and neck, negative mood, bad sleep, upwards curvature and slight shortening of the penis and likely it aids in acquiring varicocele. All this happens mostly because APT creates pelvic floor imbalance.  Short answer for men: if you want to be 100% healthy and manly, fix APT, eat healthy, exercise, strengthen your PC muscle and make this equally strong as BC muscle, learn correct breathing, wear loose boxers and pants, take cold showers, don't masturbate and don't watch porn.
The bois in my class call me thicc, man i gotta do this, its messing me up not only physically but mentally
Scott: Listen guys this is a *hard* exercise.  Subtitles: oh, you meant *hot* exercise.
3 reps of 10 sets of glute bridges are killing me.. holy cow
I love you man for ths video, no homo :)))
Is this common in boxers ?
Thanx a lot bro
Sir i cant understand weather i have it or not because by upper back is back and spine between upper back and hip is totally round. How can i identify it.
Your accent changers
Congrats for the amazing content!
Bawston, very informative video
12:10 he farted
8:00 That's an advanced stretch, if you have really tight hip flexors you're gonna feel it if you just kneel and slightly push the pelvis forward.
What about all the Instagram girls doing that on purpose?
Allthough I am using ur routine, imo that quad stretch is inapproporiate, because it causes your pelvis to get into anterior position. Overall, routine is great, but too intense for beginners. Keep up with good work!
my femur are damaged few years ago doctor say go for total hip replacement, and my postures is the same as you mentioned, now kindly tell me what i should do to have a better posture?
I have just found out that I have APT and tried to do these exercises. keeping my back on the ground was incredibly difficult and could feel the body parts that need a lot of work. This have been so usefull, thank you!!! Will start doing this everyday from now on
I don't really understand the first stretch, would it matter if I did all the stretches and exercises but the first one.
First time commenting on a sports video. You explained every detail for the movements! Excellent video
day 1, it took me so long to complete these in 3 reps of 60 seconds. i filmed myself afterwards and i could force by back in a straighter position but i felt like once i did my back was straight but it was still curved towards the back, even if i filled my chest with air and pulled it out. but aye its day 1 day 2, the first exercise and planking is like the hardest, but no progress in my posture yet. im doing 3 sets of everything and all the exercises 60 secondens. i can barely plank in the correct pose for half a minute.
Bro u r the best in the entire planet! Thank u so much for this, cheers from Perú!
Such an informative video...I wish I could like it a 100 times...I'll share it with people I know who could benefit from it... Thanks a ton for the video 🙂
THANK YOU SO MUCH!! I have been dealing with this for years. I am already noticing a difference. I will keep it up over the next month!
really good information！
THANK YOU!!!
you talk to much. go to the subject directly. you only think about money,.
How much time take to complete correct my hip
For how long we need to do this excercise?
During this streching my legs vibrating and cannot hold it whats the solution if i am 30
I needed this so bad, glad I found this video
How many days will it take ro become normal if i do this twice a day
Thank 🤗 for thise 🙏
I can’t do this twice a day lol. Takes almost an hour to complete foreal
Wow I am terribly inflexible. I have this and started this routine once today and boy I can’t stretch halfway like he can
You must be from Boston sir...lol
Best exercise video I've ever seen about anything. Thank you.
Finally found something very informative. But I have a big problem with legs. I have serious APT and my kness are bent inwards and looks bent, I cant even make them straight. When I stand straight, it looks I am a little squated down. Can this also be caused by ATP? Can I do exercises as you showed in this video? Because maybe if I am strengthening glutes and hamstrings it can worsen legs situation and make them even more flexed? Thank you!
I suffer from this
Awesome video. We need one for Upper Cross Syndrome now!
you've been my inspiration for a long time, thanks for everything you do!
Can APT be caused by the arching bend we make while doing a flat bench press
Lol i have had this issue since i was child and i didnt even know its a problem i was like its ok i just worked too much and know it makes some real sense with those clicks and  squat problems
I did not know I had it then I was like wow am I Kim Kardashian
The first exercise has to be done 6x3? Because both legs 3 reps and 3 sets so that means 18 minutes just this hip stretch?
I have APT.and I'm also over weight. So, Now on what should I focus first.Or, is it possible to work on both of these problem together?    Ans please.....
How long before you stop having the interior pelvic tilt
Can I still do other body workout (running and gym routine) despite doing this program??? I REALLY NEED YOUR ADVISE BRO :(
Hey Scott I can't thankyou enough , at least I know now my son needs right way to fix this, he is ten🙂 ,he can practice this right?
My pt said that what i thought was costochondritis is actually this, would this make sense to u since my pain is in my chest
So should we still arch our back when doing bench press if we have atp?
Best video on YouTube for apt. Thanks a lot
🎁🔔👍
How long does it take to fix ?
Thanks for sharing this valuable information. But the first step itself hurts my knee. What is the solution to that?
Sir, this problem is inherent to me and this problem is in my entire family, my height is 5 feet 6 inches Sir, after this problem is solved, will there be any difference in my height please tell
Damn, this whole thing almost takes me an hour. Not sure if doing it twice a day would be feasible for me, but i'mma try to do it a few times a week and hope it will help somewhat. Thanks!
At stretch 1 I feel my quadriceps burning is this normal?
I was in the gym and random dude came to me and says that I need to fix this.. That dude saved me..
How do you tuck your hips down?? I’m having trouble doing this😭
How time it can take probably to fix?
I want to but i cant like the video because if i did youtube is goona promote all of that video into my face..its irritating
Man. I have had this problem my whole life, and no one ever said "You know you can fix that right?" Was told once, by a "DOCTOR", "Its not a problem, its the natural shape of your body". Thanks for the information my dude.
Damn all this time I thought I had a fat ass.  Jk lol   Honestly though, I’ve seen substantial improvement by consistently doing this for months. Y’all should definitely give it a shot as it doesn’t require a ton of effort or extra time
ARe these excercises okay even for someone who is hyperflexible?
baabel
Great video, Scott!  Thank you!
3 easy steps lol. This a 45 minute workout bro. Not complaining just saying the title is a littttle misleading lol. U know I always rock with ya Scott regardless
How to reduce hip size..??
Stretch 1:  (60 seconds x 2 sides x 3 sets) + (10 seconds rest after each set x 3)  = 390 seconds Stretch 2:  (60 seconds x 2 sides x 3 sets) + (10 seconds rest after each set x 3)  = 390 seconds Stretch 3:  (60 seconds x 3 sets) + (10 seconds rest after each set x 3)  = 210 seconds Exercise 1:  (60 seconds x 3 sets) + (10 seconds rest after each set x 3)  = 210 seconds  Exercise 2:  (20 seconds x 10 reps x 3 sets) + (10 seconds rest after each set x 3) = 630  Exercise 3:  (60 second hold x 3 sets) + (10 seconds rest after each set x 3)  = 210 seconds  Total time = 2040 seconds = 34 minutes!  Using just the LOW END recommended number for sets and seconds held, and assuming a speedy transition of only 10 seconds between sets and exercises, this routine takes over 30 minutes (if you hold for 120 seconds basically double it to a full hour).  Not that the idea isn't great, but who has time to do this twice a day on top of hitting the gym, etc?  Realistically once daily is probably achievable, but I think 2x daily just isn't gonna fit most people's schedule.
I wanted to know if anyone of you have tried using APT correction belt. This is not an advertisement, I am just asking for your recommendations and suggestions. https://www.amazon.com/Simu-Anterior-Correction-Posture-Correcting/dp/B07RLFQH91?th=1
Thank you for posting this video. APT happened to me after I gave birth. Been to chiropractors and it was only fixed temporarily. Hoping this works permanently.
You are Amazing... Got answer to every question I had Thanks big brada...!!!🙏🙏🙏
He looks like tweener from prison break
This was very helpful, thank you! Do you have any videos on how to correct a lateral pelvic tilt as well?
I am a singer and APT is horrible for singing AND speaking. Your diaphragm can’t move down and push out your lower back and your back ribs can’t lift due to all the TIGHTNESS! If you care about your voice, be it singing or speaking, this is important to free up your body. Thank-you, Scott!!
oh man thats so haad! kidding aside thanks for the video
I m going to try..if it works i will comment down in reply.
Hey guys. I have ATP and I really want to start doing something about it. Love this video, very clear instructions. My problem is stretch #1. When I try to get in that position it feels like my front leg is carrying almost my whole body, making the exercise incredible difficult. I can hold it for maybe 10 seconds. Any pointers? What can I be doing wrong?
well i think apt makes me attractive but yeah im gonna give it a try 😂😂😂
I'm a physio and this is the best video I've found by a mile for what are the best exercises to do for APT
APT is also a primary contributor to hair loss.  Restriction of lymph, cerebrospinal fluid, and blood to the scalp (hair capillaries are often a mere 1 blood cell thick!) results in a buildup of lymph, DHT, and other chemicals and waste that results in a toxic environment for hair growth.  Look around at those men suffering from hair loss, ans you'll notice poor posture and an egg-like dome shape to the head.
Honestly your videos are so much better than athlean-x
hello , thank you for your efforts to put this info available . i have a  question i just realise that i have a serious  lower cross syndrome   and i ve been suffering from patellar femoral for few years and i ve  done all the exercises i found out there but nothing ... can can lower  cross syndrome cause patellar tendonitis ?  thank you in advance
Amazing work
Thank you really, you're saving lives. It's a shame that I can like this video just once.
when i come up in the bridge exercise, my lower back feels sore. I'm definitely coming back to a straight back
Does having “apt” make you stand shorter?
(06:45)
Good shit
this cured my apt thanks man
This video is very helpful and beneficial to correct the pelvic tilt.Thanks sir from the bottom of my heart.❤️❤️❤️❤️Thanks again
coming here as an injured runner tracing the root cause of ankle tendon issue to APT, thank you for the knowledge sir. I will be starting today in what should be me getting back to proper natural posture/form!
So comprehensive and succinctly put! 👌 love your work Scotty, desperately looking for a APT fix, and when I noticed ‘you’ had uploaded a video I knew it’d be gold. Legend
Hi. If you want to be prepared for this check Unflexal Workouts website. I know you'll find good solutions for your workouts.
Thank you!
After the first attempt of the stretching where we are in our stomach and grab the leg, the tilt seemed noticeably better.. Is this normal? Can’t wait to continue this!
Bro you are awesome thanks for you now I am reliefed with pelviv tilt because of your awesome exercise
I just started this today. Let me tell you, you make this look easy, but that shit is intense, like holy crap. I'm over thinking I'm gonna do a few easy stretches. And I'm like dying 1 minute into the stretches.
these stretches are great. another thing that helped me is the sleeping posture, sleep with a pillow under your stomach and your APT will be fixed after a week!!!!
Thank you so much for this video, I have been dealing with serious lower back pain for the past couple of years and I could never quite figure out why.    I was just randomly hopping through a bunch of "You're doing it wrong" style exercise videos when I clicked on this. At first I was in denial but after taking a quick look in the mirror, it seems that those countless hours playing World of Warcraft all day has warped my back into something that resembles a half-moon. Ah well, at least I have my Whirlwind Axe. Jokes aside as I type this I'm currently sitting at a perfect 90 degree angle and I feel the same kind of tightness I first felt while fixing my forward-neck posture a few years ago. Needless to say, I have a lot of work to do.    What I'm trying to say is, Thank you for potentially saving me a life-time of back pain.
Wow! I watched the whole video and did the stretch and I already see a huge improvement. My lower back hurt less, it feel less compressed. And omg, the iliopsoas stretch make me feel the stretches and hurt but, you were right, its became easier has repetition were going forward. Just want to thank you!
Pulled as "hot" as I could like he said and ended up in the burn ward...
💪💪
Damn, check all the symptoms off, gonna take this seriously, my body is screwed up and didn't even realize it, gotta change some things, Scott u are the man, thanks for you knowledge 😀
Love that Boston accent! Excellent explanation and routine, thanks Scott
12:07 there is no such gap above my waist, do i have APT or nah?
Stretches and exercises feel GREAT.  Makes we realize that the APT posture is what is making my lower back feel strained and tired. I can feel how these would strengthen the lower back and core muscles over time.  Easy to do and the exercises feel good.  Years of computer work has probably caused APT to get worse over time.  These excercises relieve the pressure in the strained back and core muscles.  I just did these this morning and will do them again in the evening.  Adding these to my other stretch exercises.  Thank you!!
Epic
Thanks Jeff
Thank you so much, I've had debilitating back pain for so many years! You're a wonderful person.
My ass doesn't contract at all 😩
My neck hurts when doing exercises 1? Help???
Well I got terrible posture; text neck, pelvic tilt, rolled shoulders, even my legs look real weird
Believe me thes exercises make ur core strong 💯
Awesome
When I do the glute Bridge I feel pain in my lower back how do I fix this
Hey Scott quick question the no gap exercise really helped me the most what muscle are we trying to target the rectus abdominal muscle or the the tranverse muscle?? It is really a helpful exercise for working abs i did them right one time but now i feel like i brace too hard and maybe hold my breath? Could you maybe go in depth on this ? My stomach has stopped bulging doing this exercise right and lower back pain almost all gone when i do it right
No stretches for me. Just working my core and perfecting deadlift form did it. Pelvic tilt completely gone.
"Different paats of your body" lol That Bostonian accent sneaks in sometimes.
How long does this take to show results
My life...
Thank you!!!
I was doing the overhead press today for the first time and i realize the arch in my back was unnatural, to the point that people at the gym were laughing at me. I went home and took a photo from the side and realized i have exactly what you are talking about. This will be a nice addition the my mornings and evenings. And hopefully it improves my incorrect posture as i would like to continue body building with correct form.  Thanks Scott!
Is it OK if I can't complete the 60-120 sec stretch because it really hurts
That first stretch is extremely difficult to hold for 60 seconds . Maybe I’m too far gone lol
God what a body!.....uhm, apart from that, the topic is utterly interesting though
That video was surprisingly excellent !
Hi Scott , I m going to start these exercises , what workouts  to avoid in my gym ? 🤔
Thank you for this video! I’ve always noticed that no matter what I did, my glutes and hamstrings seemed so weak! I also always seemed to have back issues!
Amazing explanation and instructions thank u
I see a lot of girls purposely standing like this to make their butts look  bigger lol
Jeff said do the Thomas Test first to see if your hip flexors are tight. You don’t want overly-stretched muscles as you’ll reach the range-of-movement limit on your joints and wreck them. So worth checking first.  You can still do the other stuff though.
Wow. I never realised APT was a thing but i have it and didnt realise. It has caused me issues before but ill be sure to do these streches and excersises straight away!!
I also have slouched shoulders and a curved upper spine. Should I correct this first or that or both?
Ok I totally feel these stretches and my muscles are really tight
I get bullied in school so I hope this works and how Long does it take to have a normal back ,I get bullied for my fat ass and people laugh and slap it if this works you changed my life in a good way
Very very helpful and clear video. I started today as soon as I saw the video. Thank you
Fck u man too muchtalk
I can never tell if you have an australian accent or not
This is the best video for stretches for apt without a doubt
Thanks for the subtitles.
I’ve been struggling with ATP my whole life and I never knew what it was called until today. After googling my weird posture this video came up and I am absolutely shocked by how much I connected to everything you mentioned throughout the video. Just like you mentioned in the video my ATP affected other parts of my body. I ran cross country for 4 years in high school and could never get to my full dorsi flexion without obtaining an ankle injury and I have a severe curve in my neck which is what is probably causing my “unexplainable” migraines. I’m going to try these work outs ASAP! Thank you so much!
I blame my fuckin school
Yu gi oh 😂
Just asking, is this routine viable even if I don't have APT?
THANK YOU SOMUCH
thanks buddy. very well done!
I always thought I just had a big ass
Great stuff here. But always cracks me up when someone posts about training methods to build muscle from people that hardly look like they work out. Kudos to u cause ur obviously trying. U seem to have a good education but the muscle isn’t there on you so I certainly would not feel comfortable hiring you or anyone that looks like they just started working out. Respectfully said.
Thank you
You are just Great! i mean if you came in some ancient time you might have been some prophet.
I have had severe APT for months and therefore I ended up having  lower back pain. Thus, I am going to do the stretches and the exercises that he talks about every day just after waking up and before going to sleep for the next 30 days, guys. I will see you in one month with my honest thoughts, results and reflections...
Life changer. I am SO grateful for this!
Thank you, this was so informative and well laid out
Are you an American trying to sound Australian or an Australian trying to sound American?
I hurt myself doing these hip flexor stretches.
Zz
I only enjoy 1 thing: playing football and with my apt it makes it hard due to the severe back pain. I am starting this tomorrow I hope this works😭
I"m a violinist and this video helped me bunch! thanks bro!
I'm really excited to start doing this stretching routine. Been suffering from lower back pain for years and never realized it was due to APT. Thank you for the thorough explanation :)
Thanks for the great video man, you answered all the questions I have in one video, super informative.
can the no gap add a glute resistance band to the feet to add resistance to the glutes to get them firing even more so you think?
Is there another way i can incorporate both the abs and glutes instead of the plank?
"Hold this position from 16 TO 1 2 0 seconds 😂
This simply is too much man ... I work 8 hour straight every day and can’t just take out my phone every half an hour to check my posture 🙄
So what this gonna take another 2 hours out of my days when I’m already working out for an hour
I had to quit xc bc of my ankles and knees having extreme pain, and i thought it was running on concrete. This clears so much up for me
Does this helps for a buttwink with squatting?
“Do it everyday” 😭😭😭😭
All the Stetches really exposes the problem for me, the Iliopsoas Stretch feels weird and the Lower Back Stretch I can't barley lean forward, like at all, after the full routine, especially in the morning, the pain just goes away for a few hours at least, I'm on day two so I think this is a keeper, thanks Scott
is there a posture corrector belt or vest for APT?
Gooooooood
Will a plank not tighten your iliop?
First stretch is impossible for me to do 3 sets in its so hard
I basically now regret sitting on my bed playing video games for like 3 straight years... sure was fun though
Hey I tried ur exercises as I have chronic hip pain. It gave me lot of relief
Supposedly higher anterior tilt in women makes carrying a child in the womb easier and men have evolved to notice this subconsciously.
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
I strained my back a couple of weeks ago, I tried this regimen today and I feel so much better
Thank uuuuu I love the internet! Lol
im 21 years old currently, iv been having back pain for close to 10 years and thought it was from picking up something heavy with bad form once when i was at school, since iv started bodybuilding and bulking over the last 4 months, my gut has stuck out like crazy, look fat af, it was only until my mum commented on how my ass and stomach stuck out and how bad my posture was that i looked up why and all along iv had apt, close to 10 years of dealing with very mild back pain everyday and now i know why, going to try this routine out hope it will fix
Thanks a lot.. :)
has this actually worked for anyone ?????
thank you so much
"It is a form of bad posture" 👋🏾Also hereditary.
How long before results
Great!
Thank u
I give up I guess it can’t be fixed
How much time or months would it take to correct it with these exercises??
Do back straightening belts help? If so, which one would you recommend?
I’m a dancer and for a long time I had no idea how to work my turnout. So I dug around and I realized that this is the reason why I’m having such a problem when I dance. This whole time I’ve been doing the wrong stretches and workouts thinking it would help get my hips to turn out more but it actually makes it worse. This really helped a lot thanks
When you say to perform all these stretches and excersises daily once am and once pm, what do you mean? I just tried to do all of it [super tough] and it all takes almost an hour to do the way you describe - lenghts and sets. So when you say to do it twice a day, do you mean to do each excersise for one rep only or something? Or the whole workout twice a day 3-4 times a week [super hardcore]? Im asking, because it works - I did this as you describe and really got that gap on lower back to shrink to almost nothing immediately after I was done, which really surprised the hell out of me...  But the whole thing was very hard for me to perform, as I have scoliosis since a kid.
So cheap it is
My front thigh always burns when I do the Iliopsoas stretch
Don't you take that tone with me, Scott Herman.
You know that people suffering from this cannot do what you said lol Hold the glute bridge for 20 secs and do 20 reps . Are you serious ? Can’t do that ......
I've realised I've got this. Been told a number of times I have a nice ass 😂😂
Thank you so much for this information! I've been going to the gym for a year to help with my obesity and I've noticed that some exercises causes major lower back pain. I've also noticed that my back is unable to be straight due to the dip in my lower back. I definitely have the issues you listed relating to ATP especially with a kyphosis looking posture which I'm very self conscious about. I'm hoping to correct my posture and feel better at the gym.
Thank you brother....
Super informative and helpful video!!! I have been looking on how to fix my apt.
if i can have you as a personal trainer that would be amazing.  im not fat, im actually slim. my problem is i stick my stomach out a lot and when i eat it makes me look like i have a bear belly. i besides abs work outs i will also do some of these streaches. thank you soo much!
Definitely what I needed. I been suffering with this problem for years and this seems to be exactly what I needed. I will try this out and post my updates on improvements in a month
How long does all the stretches and exercises take?
So can we still do ab workouts while doing these APT exercises or do these exercises work out your abs enough?
I've had APT for years and I've had knee and back issues along with it. This is a great video, brilliantly detailed. Thanks.
The advice in the APT video makes sense and I want to get at 'er. Could you PLEEEEZ answer one question for me? I have had a very angry coccyx/sacrum/piriformus for several months now. The cause is likely APT. Question: can/should I do the stretches and exercises while all these things in my glutes are still aggravated? Yes I would take it easy and pay attention to my body. Thank you!
Bro you look like Logan paul _--_
He reminds me of Loki
Accent 😬😳🤯
I can go as low as i want, i dont feel anything when trying to stretch my lower back
"lets get STAATTED"
Wow; I found this both motivating and easy to understand and accomplish. Thank you for providing such clear instructions. Please keep up the great work.
thank you man for this video i did know how bad my was these exercises helped me out thank sir 😎👍🏽💪🏽
Really good video ! Thanks a lot. About the 2nd exercice, is it ok if i feel like i'm using my back muscles ? I flex my glutes as much as possible and I have good sensations but after that, to reach the extra extension you mention I feel that it's my back muscles at work
great video.how long it takes to repair medium apt in your oponion??
Too much talk.
My anterior pelvic tilt isn’t that noticeable but I do have severe knee pain, tight calves, weak glutes, basically everything you said
Core 12:21 Back 10:30 For me
When doing the first strength exercise, I am getting a strain on the front of my neck. How can I avoid that?
What does he mean by "Naturally your eyes always want to be level with the horizon"? Isn't the horizon on eye level by definition?
I legit was worried I had scoliosis that no one ever mentioned to me, but it turns out I have APT. Thanks for the video I'm really excited to fix an issue I've been sensitive about for years now.
Is this guy from Boston? What accent is that?
Stretchs got my leg shacking, pause. And the hip thurst got my dick hard, pause again
First time doing this exercise... I feel taller already
Man, this is free health for you. Grab it.
Does correcting atp makes u appear taller?
I have serious arch in my lower back. I know I am suffering from apt just by looking myself in the mirror. But I am also regular with my gym routine and I perform heavy deadlifts and squats so my question is should I stop doing deadlifts and squats untill I fix my posture with these stretches. And also what exercises should I avoid at gym untill I fix apt. And can fixing apt also increase my height by a few inches ?  Please reply Scott🙏
Very well done!  I will be implementing and sharing!
why is there warping around your right shoulder? I thought the machine in the back was a fucking pool noodle in the wind.
Just another satisfied viewer. My back kills and my tilt is mighty! can't wait to start feeling better 👍 thanks SO MUCH for this video
hideous on dude though
runing se yah problam thik hoti hai
A great explanation of anterior pelvic tilt. However, I don't like  your third exercise of bending over in a chair because while in a chair, the stretch stops at the butt area. However, since everything is connected in a kinetic chain, it is good to be stretching your hamstrings, calves, ankles, and bottom of your feet at the same time as you stretch your upper body, and this can only be done by doing the stretch while standing. Also, I would say that weak hamstrings is a result of having anterior pelvic tilt, since with anterior pelvic tilt, the butt rises, which, in turn, keeps the hamstrings in a stretched position. Thus I would say that weak hamstrings are a result of anterior pelvic tilt, and the fact that the anterior pelvic tilt stretches the hamstrings, so weak hamstrings are not a cause of anterior pelvic tilt.
I always get lower back pain when carrying stuff
This work is nails if you do it properly. Jesus H Christ, god bless you.
Thank you  Scott. I find your videos very helpful.
WOW!!! I can not THANK you enough!! I WISH this video and youtube was available back in the 80's... I'm  older and have been suffering with this EXACT problem for as long as I can remember. I thought it was simply genetic... My father had this exact posture for as long as I can remember. It stands out as a sore spot in his self confidence because my mother would often hen peck him and say awful things like "Here comes Duck BUTT!! WADDLE WADDLE!" and she would laugh at him... She  would also walk past him, emasculate him by slapping him on his rear and saying things like "better not ever go to PRISON... They would just LOVE YOU.... They would pass you around... And you'd be EVERYBODY'S Bitch!" and she'd laugh... ( : ౦ ‸ ౦ : ) That's the household I grew up in.... Now.... I am him... Super self conscious...  Deep into my 40's... My dad didn't  live to see his 40's so I did not see any long-term effects.... I AM experiencing it. I am living it. Chronic pain everyday... I cannot even REMEMBER what life was even LIKE WITHOUT pain... Everything you said was dead on. The thighs turning in, the pain in the legs, down to my feet. My upper body (excuse my french) ... Its FUCKED. My chest, shoulders... I don't  even recognize myself when I walk past a mirror anymore. I have a hunchback now... I hate looking at a mirror for to long... I feel HIDEOUS. I LOOK Hideous.... I HOPE this  works!! I thought I was just genetically screwed... I hope... There is HOPE.
also one thing people may need to be conscious of is having the problem worse on one side.  I was a hurdler for 8 years and have injured myself training in the gym several times over the years, and I have an obvious pelvic tilt on one side, and barely on the other, more of a posterior on the other if anything.  And the posterior is from compensation.
You ever take any lessons from Paul Chek?
Wow I used to watch this guy a long time ago, thought he was pretty good, but I did not realize how smart he was till I went and learned all this stuff from smart people.  Probably one of the few or only really quality people on social media with a ton of subscribers.  Only thing you are missing is how organ health, diet, lifestyle, thoughts, etc can directly effect our posture and etc.  Maybe you probably already realize that but its hard to go in depth on that stuff in a youtube video.
Thanks because my cock was going back
Damn You Were so Right !!! Jus Perfect explaining things...!!
I love this video. My question is, have you had APT and did you correct it with this routine? It really seems like you know APT inside and out, like you went through it yourself. If not, you really have a talent and maybe youre a physical therapist!
Man i need this badly. i have been sitting down like 90% of the for the last 10 years, even tho i have tried to stand up straight and whatnot i just can't hold it like that for long. I'll give this one a shot!
Wow I just did everything and I wasn’t able to put my hand behind my back like I was able to do before I started this!! 👍🏻👍🏻
Is apt uneven hips also?
I'm having real trouble activating my abs with the first exercise and only feeling it in my legs and hips. Any advice?
I'm having this issue and was doing some research for fixes. came across this article (https://www.gronkfitnessproducts.com/blogs/updates/fix-anterior-pelvic-tilt-in-3-easy-steps) and recognized you. Thought it was weird you were not credited.  video content very informative!
I did stretch 2 for 65 seconds and Exercise 2 25 times, 2 times for each set.
This wasn't so haad. Now my muscles are haad, my lower abs are haad and my gluts are haad. Thanks!! I had a haad time fixing APT
Thankyou so much
Thank you Scott this video is actually packed with a very scientific info. lower back pain is serious issue to me since many years and your video actually help me understand that it is APT. Since the posture can go wrong during the exercises, are there any machines that can actually help do the exercises in step 2? so that only the correct group of muscles are activated
Bahbell
Amazing video. Thanks
Yss thats trie 😈
Step #5: Shave your body!!!
Very nice video. Unfortunately the full routine seems way too long for me. I definitely won't have time to do all of this twice a day...
YOU TALK TOO MUCH
Do you have another ips stretch besides from lunging for those with disc bulge and cant do lunges? Thanks!
What if I feel slight back pain after this training? (similar to pain you feel after workout then your muscle is exhausted) Did I do exercises incorrectly?
Thanks Scott!
Too many repetitions and too easy  exercises for me. Planche time: 3:30 in first repetition.
Sup bud. Where abouts you from? I'm from woburn!!
Fml now ik y my ankle + lower back and knee hurts while none of the doctors can explain and find a reason y. Thank u very very much
Wow 😍 super professional content as all your videos! Thank you veeery much, really helpful 💎
Thanks for the informative video. I'm an actor in training and need to improve my posture for articulation and voice work. I also hate the fact that muscle wise i'm  alright (Although can always be better) but does not show it/using it to full potential because of APT. I hope these work and whilst I'm at the gym and before bed I will try and use these. Again thank you!
For 25 years i thought my ass was big
When I try laying down and straighting my left leg, I get a lot of resistance until finally there's a pop which hurts in my hip. It happens each time I try. Should I worry?
Great info pal pity about the tank top
awesome info . I knew my severe case of APT wwas giving me lower back pain forever but I had no idea it was also the cause of knee pain whenever I squat ( or do elliptical ) and had no idea it could also be the cause of neck / shoulder / elbow pain . Unbelievable . I am gonna dedicate my time to fix this ASAP . AS  far as I know I need to strenghen my abs and hams and stretch my lower back and hip flexors .
He looks like the gym guy from night of the ruxberry with will Ferrell
I have a little ahhch in my back and as a result i have bad pahhstuh
Will the back stretching exercise be OK for those with back pain / minor disc bulge?
Wow thank you, I'm definitely going to work on correcting my APT with these stretches, exercises and reminding myself about my posture often
My anterior pelvic tilt makes me look fat when I put on a shirt because of how my lower stomach is slightly forward and my lower back being arched. It also gives me lower back pain, and when I sleep faced up, my lower back doesn't touch my bed unless I rest my head on a pillow.
Hey Coach! How much till I see results? How many days should I use this routine?
After liposuction operation for just  JUST loosing some weight, I have this problem and very hard in normal life,  I lost  my work I can't go back, I can't face people
brother  i have no pain in my body
thanks, man for this great info. I am going to the gym for some time I wish if you could tell me that should I continue my other weight exercises or first I fix this.or can I do both.
how much time will it take to fix this?
How much time will it take to fix apt ??
we call this "Entenarsch" freely translated "duck butt"
Can you do a video about bow legs and effects of leg workout ?
Thank you so much for this video. I’ve been suffering with chronic back pain because of this. This is a real way to fix a serious issue ... it’s literally a life changer!
I had no idea that I had a problem with this until now. My lower back is in a lot of pain constantly... and yes, my boyfriend likes the bootie lol 🙃 Thanks for the upload!
Don’t worry I’ll always LR Broly smash the like button
This is too much. Can't I just take a pill?
Ole jack swagger havin
I hate this problem.  Been having this problem for a long time. I’ve done all the stretches, started to work on my core and glute more. However I still have this issue especially when I’m sitting done or driving it makes me insane. Been lifting for 3 years now. This takes away all my deadlift gains. I feel my core is decent when I do core exercises and compared to the average joe who don’t even work out. My big question is why the hell do I suffer APT when I’ve been working out and the average joe who doesn’t even workout don’t even have ATP? Like all my other 5 brothers who don’t workout but don’t suffer any APT wtf
STAHHHED!
Tell that how to decrease ass fat
awesome
Thaaank you, dude!
My knees don’t bend inward when I stick my butt out. Help.
I found this video really very helpful, as if i just needed it.... Thank you so much
This video is so helpful - thanks!
Sat here for 1 hour and 30 minutes trying the first exercise and still couldn't get it. I give up
Let's get stahhhted
Best video on APT I've seen.
Before we get stotted. Accent is great
Thanks!!!
When you say flex, do you mean contract?
thank you so much bro for step by step information.
can genetic anterior pelvic tilt be fixed through such exercise mentioned in the video? How about using jaco theraphy bed from Jaco, does it help out to fix APT? Thanks in advance
Anyone have an idea what the minimum frequency of this routine needs to be? Adding up the time per stretch and exercise, this routine takes at least an hour. Twice a day (as he recommends in the video) means 2 hours a day. That's far too much time for most people. Would once every other day just take longer to see effects?
really need some help mate. been suffering with this problem for a couple of years now. my back hurts alot. i hope these stretches will help😞
CHAAAAAB!!!
Very helpful! Exactly what I needed to get rid of my lower back pain!
How often do I need to do it this routine?
Wow Scott! This is an incredibly accurate and thorough video. I teach for the Exercise and Sports Studies Dept. at a UC school and I’ve also been a personal trainer and nutrition specialist for around 10 years. I specialize in postural distortions and I have to say working with so many young students, APT is like an epidemic. It was funny you talked about how models do this because I call it the Instagram booty pose. All of these girls are walking around copying these pictures they see and they have no idea that they are basically training their bodies to be out of alignment. Ugh  it’s become such a pet peeve of mine. Still, it’s kinda funny. Besides that I just wanted to say that this is by far the most accurate and comprehensive video I’ve seen on ATP. You truly covered it all. I especially liked how much you stressed doing the exercises in a PPT because so many others miss that. Nothing is going to actually change until the person retrains their nervous system to activate and fire the right muscles for the movement.
Why so much effort 😭 god im lazy
Your voice gave me diarrhea.
Hi Scott. I probably have the worst form of ATP you have ever seen and these exercises and stretches are new and very effective. Thank you.
Does this work ?
I have a slight pelvic tilt dont have pain will it help.. Will it be normal. What time does it takes
Wattaaa
Can pelvic tilt cause problems like migraine headache
Hey,who can I visit to fix this problem?
I had this problem how long it takes or how long I will do this training ?
Really good thanks, you have a lovely body
Thank you so much for this video! Literally ive seen GP’s physios chiroptacters and No one was able to tell me any of the stuff i just learnt from tour video! All my life ive been unconcious of the fact that i have APT and this is why i am not getting where i want to with my training! I have weak knees, hamstrings and my glutes are seem to not engaging at all and now i know why! I will try and do this everyday because now i know how Thanks to you! Xx
What accent is that?
So is the strengthening routine necessary if I'm already implementing strengthening exercises for my weak muscles in my routine? ie...Deadlift, hip thrusts, core workout etc..??
Can anyone confirm if this set has helped improve your posture?
Hey Scott I’m 15 and I have extremely flat feet and I’m starting to think I have pelvic tilt as well as I have horrible back pain everyday and my lower back feel like a knot it’s so stiff. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia but between my flat feet and this I’m starting to believe I just have some muscle imbalances as my legs are internally rotated and such are there any videos you could recommend me????????
I'm hoping to go to the gym more but I better fix this problem, lol..
anyone feel this is too time consuming? this takes me an hour to do
Just for others who are trying to fix APT like I am know that it helps if you do this with a mirror to look at to know for sure that you are doing everything right
Without any doubts it is the best vid on YouTube about ATP.  God bless you and your fam.    The only thing that I can do tp repay your effort and kindness is to make a persian subtitle for this vid.
You save me life, im 16 years old with cronic pain, im till now 4 months going alot doctor and they dont know what i have , you said all what i have, thankss!!
yes I have these problem i will try today onwards...
Sweet, I’m gonna do this. Thank you
Can apt occur in 10 yera old kids?
Really hammering home those "ah" vowels
This is absolutely biomechanically well assessed and a well prepared exercise programme for APT....great job bro .. .Thank you so much ..love from an Indian Physio .....
My right shoulder blade feels out of place relative to my left why is this
I've had minor APT since High School, but since I got into web development, its gotten pretty bad. Honestly, this scares the shit out of me.
Any recommendation of how to seat? I'm currently trying to fix the curve because when I do deadlifting and squating I feel some lower back pain, and it's hard to keep the correct position to prevent that pain, and this is helping me to fix the curve and remove the pain. I seat all day, any recommendation for that?
Thanks for this dude
I just had to hear his accent.
the back stretch makes the blood go to my head and feels uncomfortable before long at all
Mezink
Bostonian
bro if could keep my lower back on ground I wouldn't watch this video #12.50
How do I fix my hairline ?
Bravo! It's a full lesson. Thanks amigo.
Hahah, so about an hour ago, my pelvis shifted in as I was laying in bed. For the past year I've been living an extremely limited life because my doctor said I had a degrading spine and hyper extending joints....   Apparently... that was the reason I could barely walk.    Eventually it got kind of manigable.   Now ive lived a year of living a disabled person's life at the age now of 26.... with almost every joint in my body shifting out... now in this moment to my awareness, that I'm not degrading to a permanently disabled state.  BUT BECAUSE MY PELVIS IS MESSED UP, I HAVE AN INJURED SPINE SINCE CHILDHOOD, AND FLAT DUCK FEET.  This is going to be a hard one to live off. ... yeah, so when I was 25, I thought my life was over, lost everything gradually, and it was all over something so mundane and STUPIDLY EASY TO MANAGE. 😐🖕U DOCTOR.    ...... I remember my first memory of realizing my but stuck out, when I was about 10. Not being able to do sit ups because my (what I believed was a spine) was pressing sharply into the ground. ..... This has been happening forever.  My feet are the flattest anyone who observes them, has seen.   Do you know if orthotics could improve me at this point? My pelvis is having a hard time staying in after an hour of working out and stretches.... And repeating resetting it.   I had a mild little panic, rant swearing.... time, but thank you for being my laughter. What's up with your random Aussie moments? Much enjoyed hahah
Great video. I have severe pelvic tilt. I'll try these exercises
I got major hamstring cramps while do all of theses 😣
alright. first step, go public - I will give this a shot and come back after a month to letcha know what happened...
I dare you say "synergistically and antagonistically " three times in a row XD
So for me whenever I try to flex as hard as I can during the lunge, my back leg kinda vibrates increasingly. Anyone else?
7:36 you are welcome.
Anyone tried?
Sorry for the late comment, as I've come across this today itself.. I've been suffering from this problem since ages & I should mention, the way you explained the corrective exercises was super lucid, m gonna incorporate these exercises in my daily routine from today itself. Thank you "scotthermanfitness" love you for your quality input.
Thanks man.  Very high quality content you are putting out.
PLEASE tell me you have a Posterior Pelvic Tilt video too ?   I am studying for my PT and loved this video.... PLEASE
Thank you! thank you! Thank you!
Don't you wanna arch your back when you bench
Awesome video
Listen to me man. The way your core looks in the thumbnail . I kknow how to make your core look like this. Its constant flexing of the core and hands tight to the body. I used to do this for years but its not healthy for breathing i think. You need to keep your core relaxed or what ???
Should I warm up before stretching or no?
video starts at 7:25
Thank you for this video! Subscribed!
haha, he said erectus.
decent upper pectorals
HI! Thnx. Veryy helpful. How about foamrolling before doing this? Is it necessary? I have a couple of questions. 1. With the first stretch excercice you need a posterior pelvic tilt? I see and hear different things when stretching the hip like that. 2. I also often hear that no arch is allowed with the glute bridge and it need to be a straight line. How about that little arch? 3. I hear and watched a video that a plank is not recommended because impact on your groins/hips etc. Isn't true? Thanks in advance. Anne
Fuck man cant do first stretch to skinny man cant hold it
Too much chit chat
What if you don't have a waistline because your a fatass?
this is literally the best one for apt exercises !
How long it takes to fix it
Lol "aach"
Massage therapy can also help
Went years thinking I had a fat belly. Turns out I have had a tilted pelvis al aling.
Can I do these before bed or should I just do it after my workout and before my protein?
No Gym With Home
Hey Bro
Last year, I saw a cyropractor for pain in my hip and back. He diagnosed me with a twisted pelvis and did his magic with the hand machine for a couple of months. I felt better for a long time after that, but the pain has come back pretty bad, it's even in my neck now and I am stiff. I came across your video and thought I would check it out. I am still unsure if I have a tilted pelvis, because I seem to have okay posture, but I get really bad pains in my back, hip and tailbone. I am going to try this and see how it makes me feel. It seems like a lot of work, but what isn't if you need to fix a problem?  As I am doing these exercises at first, is it still okay for me to do other exercises along with them, such as cardio and strenth training?
My body has been through a lot of shit  Leukaemia  Chemo Winging scapular Apt Over 59 you surgery’s  And I’m the most insecure person on the planet I’m confident this video is going to help me  make a change thank you for this mate ❤️
Hey, I get a cramp under my left thigh when I do the excerise @ 14:05 Why ??
Yes!! This IS me.  I've probably always had. I was born with very flat feet and had to have corrective shoes when I was younger.  Fast forward.  I've had a lot of injuries..sprained my left ankle twice...lots of falls, dislocated my left knee...most injuries involved my left side. I'm now in my 60's and can only walk with a walker and I need to walk again.  I need some help!!
Holy fcking shit. This is insane commitment. Wtf, the motivation to do this twice everyday is on mad high levels. Doing this everyday will take about 1 hour per day, maybe more. I have a slight APT and Scapular-winging and therefore the total time it will take everyday doing these exercises will be like an hour and a half per day. Bruh, how...
I thought this would be boring because it's a long video, but after finishing it, I found it SUPER helpful and informative. Great!!! Thanks!!!!
ScottHermanFitness, I really loved this video, it's so complete and accurate! You didn't cut corners on underlying causes of the symptom while being thorough in giving complete coverage of the accurate bodyparts that need tailored attention. This is really helpful and I thank you for your effort and investment to be able to channel so accurately the proper insights into this particular issue. This is really next level shit. Congrats and keep up the good work you do.
Very helpful and informative video! But I have some questions left:  Should I do these exercises in addition to my workout routine? And what about rest days then?
I feel better w stretches thank u!!ahhh...I shall ask mum to try but she had knee injury
Great makes sense n not sight to be upwards ya
Yes I knew it bad tilt posture not shape show ughh
One problem dude, not strong enough to lean like that, I fall over cause my abs cannot hold that
Why do I get reminded of The Breakfast Club every time I see this guy?
Wish I had a friend like this guy he's intelligent about body health
I’m going to give this a go.....I absolutely hate my pelvic tilt and I’d do anything to get rid of it. this is more constructive then the women in the hospital lol
When I do the glute bridge my ham strings start to really hurt  Anyone know why?
What if your pelvis was backwards and now you have to pop your hip or it will start to hurt
Take a real person with a real anterior Tilt!!!!  The 95% Corecting videos are so wrong and simple :   You take a healthy man You fake the symptoms you do some exercises Wow this is amazing result!
Super
Staded
I literally cant “flex my glutes” in the forst exercise, i can do it lying flat but as soon as i bend my knees they just go soft and i cant activate em 😂
It’s HAHD just looking at you in those tights. (In  a good way)
Love having three back diseases 😂❤️
A bit of Mahk in your accent lol.
Can I wear a lumbar support belt during day time?
Hey Scott... Could you please tell me it would take how many days to get my posture corrected if I follow these steps???
You are amazing mate.!! This is the most comprehensive and detailed video on APT on YouTube. You be the best. I hope I could correct my body posture by following these steps... ,🤞🤞🤞
#Scotthermanfitness Plz help me sir I have back pain from 5 year my poster not correct. I have pelvic tilt
Plz help me sir I have back pain from 5 year my poster not correct. I have pelvic tilt
Phenomenal!  Thank you!  😍
By watching this video u solved my big problem
Babell
Wada
You should make an app
Thank you so much ! That video will help me a lot ! Cheers
This one is best
fuck you man
I love how he sounds completely normal, until he pronounces "ar" and then for a moment he's the most Brooklyn guy ever
HEY, I feel neck pain during Quad Stretch and plank. PLEASE give me some suggestions.
I have been suffering from lower back pain due to APT for years but am just now able to put a cause and a name to it... and now a solution. I've been wondering why I was the only one in yoga class who couldn't lay flat and in body works class who couldn't squat. Can't wait to get started on these. Thanks!
The first stretch is definitely helps!
Scott! The first movement feels less like a stretch and more like a ‘strain’ to me. Plus I can only hold it for 25-30seconds as it’s so hard. Is there something I can replace it with?
Hey Scott, I do vacuums every day to combat APT because to properly do them I also have to flex my abs and glutes and create some sort of a posterior tilt, it feels really good! Of course now I will try to implement these exercises as well.
Best video for this topic on Youtube
Is it OK if I lift weights cuz I get back pains.... And can work on abs at the same time????
You talk too much!
I've had APT for years and didnt know it. I corrected it using techniques in this video.   Some things worth addressing...  If you dont actually take the time to correct your APT every single waking and sleeping moment of the day, everything in this video is worthless. There is no point in doing exercises and stretches for 30 minutes a day if the other 23 1/2 are spent in a bad posture.   You do not have to wait until muscles are stretched and strengthened to correct apt. The best thing to do is change your habits. Be mindful of your posture. Learn to control your pelvis and keep it in a neutral position.  I did stretches and exercises for two months without change. It wasn't until I started practicing rotating my pelvis and was more mindful of how I did everything in life that I saw improvement.
This video needs share share and share.......
Why does he have an accent? If you watch his videos from 4 years ago he doesn’t have an accent
Have I had this shit my entire life I just started lifting and kept running into low back pain I saw this and realized that I have this
My first reaction to the thumbnail: Why would you want to fix that? Booty game strong lol
Awsome man 👍👍👍
I feel like im doing the planks wrong cause I feel it more in my arms
Are you gay
hard core
That New England accent tho lol
We can perform squats with support?
I can't say I'm all that impressed by someone that keeps calling an anterior pelvic tilt, an interior pelvic tilt. And the first suggestion to put someone in spinal flexion is simply a bad idea.
I always finded my ass ugly thanks to you now i know it is ATP i will try my best to fix this shit
Learned more in this video than I did in physical therapy
Hey Scott... here’s the deal. I’ve tried lots of pre workouts and I always lift then get cardio in either basketball or volleyball. I’ve always been a huge fan of no xplode. Because it gives me the best pump out of all supps I’ve tried.   However when I get low in basketball. Or have squat day or when I’m doing bent over rows or deadlifts. My lower back is super tight!   My thoughts is it’s because of my bad posture not so much my form.    So does it make sense that because if my apt that my lower back is over working and getting a huge pump?? Because I can take any other pre workout and this doesn’t happen. Only with the no xplode.
Yep APT do affect mood. I have back pain, hip pain, neck pain and shoulder pain and it's fucking frustrating!
Nice video Thanks Scott
Added it all up, you're looking at 40 minutes twice a day, 3-4 times a week. It's a lot. But this seems like the most comprehensive guide I've seen, and if you wanna make an omelette you gotta break some eggs, and I've had this problem way too long. Let's see if I stick to anywhere near the required number of sessions. Thanks!
ok im gonna star working out, but first i gotta fix this posture. The tilt is not that bad, but i still want to destory it. Thanks man!
Great video. Found it while searching for ways to allow my back to curve naturally rather than attempting to over-involve  posterior pelvic tilt for that perfectly straight lower back *at all times!*   Apparently, that isn't healthy either, or so I've found out after years of "engaging the core" to achieve it.  Though you're going for basically the opposite of what I want to achieve, the exercises can be helpful, I believe to get me to the most healthy spinal position.  One question.  Do you warm up before stretching?  And if not, why not?  If so, what do you suggest for warm up and length of time for each warm-up exercise.  Thanks so much Scott for sharing your expertise out here. I've been doing a ton of research (just found out I have osteoporosis of spine) trying to modify my exercise program to do no harm but also to strengthen and even perhaps increase/stimulate bone growth safely.  Take care.
thx man. I have this APT problem. working out for years but never thought of challenging this problem because I didn't even know THERE IS a way to challenge it. Thought it was just worse genetics. I'm gonna start today workin on it with your plan and will give a feedback after some time if it worked out for me. THX !!
My god, I have been suffering with pain in my lower back, hips, knees ankles, hamstrings for 2 years now. Ive had x rays, scans, blood tests, seen numerous specialists and no one could tell me why I was suffering with so much pain... and yet, I stumbled across this video by chance and can see this is the cause of my symptoms. I have been on a journey from fitness fanatic to virtually crippled in 2 years such was the deliberating effect of APT... Thank you so much for the great work you are doing
Good vid but make it shorter
Robert Downey Jr has this problem. Please help him. He walks weird
This was awesome sir! Thank you!
Hey man, I've been trying this for 2 days and at 12:00 to I can't put my hip back to the floor without lifting my head up like reaching a 20% of a sit-up rep. With my head up and abs tight I can't go beyond 15 reps. Am I doing it right or is there something wrong in what I did ?
Fake https://youtu.be/R-f-_UiLU-Y
How do you make this not take 2 hours ?
Any thoughts on working around a torn tendon in my hamstring, and a torn labrum in my hip? I’m trying to avoid surgery for now.
Before we get STAHHTTEEDDD
What abour lumbar scoliosis?
Thank you to be honest
i need to do all the strecth?or i need to chose only one?
I had an accident 10 years ago and my thoracic spine is kyphotic and lumbar spine is pushing into my gut which is causing some serious GI problems so I'll try anything at this point.
Awesome - thank you very much.  Any recommendation how often per week these exercises should be done when starting out?
Anyone who has done this excercises? It takes a lot of time doing this everyday. When can I see results? And do I still have to do this when its fixed? Thanks
19 minutes wow
Thanks YouTube suggested videos for showing me this, I've constantly had lower back pains, whether it be sleeping or sitting, and I even noticed it during my workouts, and after watching this video and trying everything out myself I can 100% say I have ATP, gonna be giving this a shot everyday now, thanks buddy!!
Thanks a bunch for this video i've been having some problems with this so im hoping it helps :D
Priceless
i have apt, and I'm following him ☺, hope everything will be okay
I have scoliosis and lordosis, is it ok for me to do this?
how long i need to do this?
I have been starting to get this and yes its annoying and making my other workouts painful, im going to do this right now, thank you Scott
Im so glad i saw this
I knew something was wrong with me but I wasn’t sure what, Thanks this video was so helpful!
Don't have a mirror to check out my posture. Couldn't do exercises
How many weeks of doing this twice a day to relieve back pain. knowing how long it takes helps with my motivation. could I possibly do this just once a day.   a have a pretty significant APT.  I usually correct it and strengthen my core by putting my pelvis in neutral position and pressing it into the bench with every set of every exercise when lifting in the gym.  However  I fractured to vertebra t7, t8 and was prohibited from doing anything for 4 months.  now I am at ground zero with my ATP severe and  significant low back pain.
i have a question . i have an anterior plelvic tilt can so should i do legs day in gym which would tight up my hamstring . so will it cause problem or should i do legs exercise which wont tighten up my hamstring . please show me those exercises
Good video, after trying i can say this -   1. Iliopsoas Stretch was pretty tough, at 40 seconds alone my legs start shaking madly from the intensity. 2.Quad stretch was fine, fine stretching sensation at the front of my legs. 3. Lower back stretch, decent though i can go quite deep to a point where the joints begin to ache. 4. The No-Gap, quite hard, a lot of pressure on lower abs, though can't feel anything on glutes, can flex em, but one i stretch out a leg, it's almost impossible to keep it flexed and everything goes onto abs(plus my neck wants to bend forward from it) 5. The plank was quite intense, but doable.  Having a pretty severe pelvic tilt, an really make life rather miserable often.
Does it work
Nice job, stuff like this  is really helpful.
you the man bro !! love you
Is it normal for my blower back to hurt a lot afterwards
nice
Thank you so much for this video I hope it really changes my bad posture
Love this guy, literally the epitome of what a personal trainer looks and sounds like
Wow! This is just what I need!
Thank you so much I’ve always been self conscious about my body because of the way my stomach would stick out and my butt would stick out making my back kinda stuck out too so I looked like a C. My parents always told me it was just cause I was skinny but I went to the chiropractor and I was diagnosed with lordosis and I didn’t some exercises but it didn’t change anything and I still felt back pains. Will be doing your exercises right when I finish your video!!
The best vid i had ever seen regarding pelvic tilt problem , thanks a lot Scot
wow i wish i found this video earlier years ago so much detail, stretching is a must! i had this APT but fortunately yoga fixed my issue
"Come back down to the STAHTING POSITION"
I have suffered from APT all my life. Trying this steps right now and will try to do this everyday :) I really hope it works!
All I could say is thank you ....
Great video Scott
Thanks man this really helped me out with my lower back. You're the man!
Isn’t this also called Lumbar Lodorsis? This came up when I typed Lumbar Lodorsis.
What’s wrong with your accent?
Hey bro....will u plz make video on how to sleep, how to walk and sit, and how to do daily working with APT...plz reply me bro...I have an serious issue of APT...Your videos are awesome and very helpful... ...Plz reply me ....okk
thanks, seems like this is exactly what I need :)  I have two questions, how long does it take to fix my posture if I will do this everyday? also, have anyone here succesfully fixed their APT with these exercise?
This video literally saved my back and hips. I didnt know what was going on and why my deadlift and squat were so awkward. I was having lower back tightness while sleeping.   This video literally saved me. Much love.
Thank you for the vid really useful greetz from holland
Where r u from u sound American and Australian
Man ATP has been ruining my life for quite some time. I don't even want to walk outside because of the pain caused from walking on the uneven ground with this extreme tightness and the insecurity of looking like a fool because I can't walk straight. I feel the tightness everywhere on my lower back, hip, and quads on my left side and the huge burning pain is throughout my entire upper leg which causes me to limp sometimes cause I can't bust through that range of motion of extending my hip when I walk. My range of motion is virtually non existent so I would have to be extremely patient with these exercises. Any extra advice for severe tightness to the point it hurts to walk and to complete these exercises with good form? Appreciate you brother
Very peculiar accent.
how many week doea it take to  correcting the APT
Thank you Scott, i had one question, does APT cause bowed legs?
i started working out 2 weeks ago and i realised that my standing position looks weird so i googled that stuff ... found the vid... i hope this works ... i cant even look in the mirror right now i see my tilt everytime
thanx this video.. I'm in the gym, making progress, but this tilt makes my belly look bigger than it is.. are there any macines in the gym i could use in conjunction with this video to correct this issue?
Thank you honey. I have been wondering why i could not do lower abs exercises properly since my back would be hurting really bad after it. I did not even know what APT was!!! I'm truly grateful that you took the time to explain it and show the exercises that can help me get back to normal. Lot's of love for you!!!!
How long must we do this
Great job.
thanks buddy!
These stretches made me realize just how shitty my physique has become. Anyway, thank you for this video! I can already feel some improvements in my posture after a few days of this.
Hi this video is really impressive , thanks for making . Please can u make a video on what gym exercises that APT people must avoid.Ty 👍👍
Hey Scott, I know that this video was posted a pretty long time ago but Im 12 years old and have a departure for europe in about a few days. I do suffer from lumbar lordosis and want to fix it Asap though for some reason its too hard for me and I really do not want to embarass myself on the beach in Italy and im wondering if these steps are eligible for my age or do I have to be older I also want to know that if i was doing the third stretch in the first step, is it normal for my hamstrings to stretch?
The exercise before the glute bridge..everytime I try that one my lower back pops a lot.
Thank you Scott
Man those stretches hurt!
Iggy Pop back
I have a flat feet and APT my knees take a lot of beating
I just push my hips forward till they line up with my body and stay that way, i hope my muscles get used to it and do it naturally.
how many days would it take to get corrected?
Hi Scott, very useful stuff. As a former semi-professional athlete, my career ended due to lots of injuries. It started with lower back pain, due to anterior pelvic tilt, and then continued with knee injuries etc. I could have stoped if, I had taken care of my posture earlier. Anyway, I am motivated to work on this issue now. I know, this if quite a difficult question, but how long would it take, to fix this (6-8 weeks or rather couple of months). Just want to make sure that I manage my expectations right. Thank you,
Dude i uave enjoyed your channel for a while... And i rlly got all ur videos as a help And i wanna fix this APT i am 15 and i hate it. Plus i wanna start making my body better... GYM and stuff... I rlly wanna fix this man. !!!
Hands down the most useful video on correcting APT I could find. Covers a lot of valuable advice / exercises. Good work man.
May Allah bless you Scott ... this so helpful ... i am very 😊
My nuts are toast
First one is literally impossible
My variocele brought me here
Yoooo... This was informative as fuck!! Thanks for sharing your knowledge!👍 Im gonna try this  workout right away and see if i cant get my lower back pain to disappear once and for all.
Let's get staaded
My right leg is short: causing the pelvic tilt and then scoliosis.... I keep a heel pad on my right shoe.
Flat feet is one of the main causes of ATP!!!
Great content Scott!
Well you got a new subscriber, Luv from India ❤️
Thank you very much for this video!!
A bit late to this video, I started doing this routine to fix my pretty FUBAR lower back. But one question, I know these things take time, but doing this routine regularly, how would you reckon it would take someone with a pretty severe APT like myself to see actual results? Are we talking about months or years?
Is this Why i cant Grow taller, i Am the shortest boy in my class, and everyone calls me dwarf   Please reply
I have this problem...should i do pushups and rest chest exercise? Or should i do these exercises and save pushups for later when my back is fixed?
how many times a week should I do these stretches and strengthening?
Why this guy ismy favorite physical fitness guy.
how many days  can it take to solve it
Thank you for his video, it is extremely helpful. How long would this normally take to correct in your opinion?
I’m incapable of doing the glute bridge, I can only feel it on my lower thigh right above the knees. No glute feel at all
Lmao my arch makes fart noises when I do crunches.. lol I hate it
Too tough too tough
Wow even 1st practice my back pain was gone! Thanks man
i'm so confused right now i tried laying on the ground and moving my hand through my back gap and it was too tight i couldn't move my hand through it it got stuck on the knuckles does that mean i've got APT or not?
See I'm glad you made this video it's hard to tell for me if I have it even when looking in the mirror I'm starting to think my butt is just big...
in the first stretch exercise the lunge position makes my thigh burn as hell help plz
Good tips .Nice 1
I always stretch haad.
I like your videos, Scott. This one tough, is really exeptional in a sense, that it's very informative, methodical, not difficult for non-physiotherapy oriented people and solution-oriented. Keep it up, Mister!
Hey guys, I'm starting today on Tuesday 1st May 2018 I will keep you informed, I really hope it works
Became a subscriber very helpful  thanks allot bro
When correcting APT using these exercises, is it common to feel muscle pain along your spine? Is that a sign that new muscle groups are being activated?
Is it work for anyone
I am wondering if you should still train your musculus erector spinae it you have a apt? I mean it’s important in order to do proper squats and stuff but on the other hand I tightens the area that already tight..kind of a quandary innit?
Hey Scott I missed you😘 I hate YouTube doesn’t show me your channel even tho I’m subscribed 🙄 Definitely going to try this because my shit is BAD😢
How often? :(
Thank you :’)
The problem I have with #3 is that to correct one's posture, one has to flex the glutes. And that of course feels very unnatural - because who intentionally keeps those flexed when just casually standing around?
Gotta say I really appreciate the fact that these exercises can be done at home.
waaataaa
It's not often I say this, but this vid was more imformative than Jeff Cavalier's video on the subject. Good job!
Vary informative video . ... thanks for dat. Plz tell us about how to do deadlift n squats inorder to correct it
I cant even force my lower back to the ground for the sit-up position one... :/
How much time it will take to get fixed Guys?    Itsfuckingmymood🚫 Man :😭
Incredibly helpful.  Had me at you may have ankle problems without an injury…. Thank you!
My search for a good trainer ends here...#scottHermanFitness
Starting this today, 14/04/2018, will update the comment in the future, assuming I don't give up.
Can i deadlift with APT?
Damn Scott, this the most complete video of apt I've seen. I have apt myself and have been very desesperate to fix and get a better squat and deadlift without hurting my back. Thank you
I have a question when your fixing a anterior,can you lift wheight?
At last I found that this is NOT genetic problem and it can be fixed.  now I understand that Why my belly was still hanging out even if I had nothing on it. So I have been doing belly fat loose exercises all the time while the problem was not that. You (the guy in the video) are an excellent explainer. You take care of small precision while explaining. I wish you to stay bless always. From far across your country, other side of the glob.
just for 3 steps he wasted my 19 mins
Very good video and advice. I already made huge progress using the routine, especially the integration of posture awareness during the day, since my job is heavily office based. Thanks and keep up the good work :)
This is the best video on APT I've seen... and I've watch dozens. Thank you!
Is abs workout will help a person to correct his apt???
Great info thanks, however these reps are extremely challenging. I can do 2 x 30sec of most, is that enough to be progressing to the next Step??
Awesome info. I've been battling back pain for years now. I've been trying all different streching techniques. This has helped greatly. I've also found another great resource called Fix My Back Pain if anyone is interested in more options. https://tinyurl.com/jv6c4xf
Years of video games takes a toll. APT is no joke 🤦‍♂️
My wife n I are loving all your videos. We had our 5th child September of 17. We are soo outta shape. Thats probaly a huge under statement. Im also an electrician, so somedays i have to exert large amounts of energy for hours on end.  Energy and strength I dont have. All that said one month ago we joined a gym and we were so lost. We just have no clue what to do, or where to start. Do you have any routines, stretching and strength we should look at? Meal plans, supplements. Thanks for everything you do!
I'm starting this today. Reply if you want progress update after a while.
Did anyone fix his with these exersices?
im from new England my whole life, you have a fucked new England accent, you say posture not postah, and water not watah, but you say ahhch not arch...where the fuck are ur from guy. start not staht, but u cant say arch....confused if ur legit or trying to sound like youre new England, where you from?
So I have cancer basically
some exercises didn´t give me any problems... is that normal? Also, how long is the normal recovery time? months? years?
Dude to much explaining just do the stretching
this has been one of the best youtube vids ive seen to help my pain , it explains when every part of my pbdy hurts, ive got extreme pelvic tilt as you explained cos my pain is ehad to toe and ive been in pain 22 eyars with very little help from medical profesionals in most of the time, and in teh last 3 months ive also had anotehr pelvis strain from reaching up to high  shelves repatedly workin in a jewlery store , and have not been told i have symphasis pubis dysfuntion on top of everything else , can you help with taht pain too?
Whished i could like this video more than once! It is the best explenation for correcting APT in youtubeç
excessive ahhch
It's a good video and it addresses the issue very well but bruh! I don't have time for this. This whole routine takes more than an hour and I should do this twice daily?
yep, helpfup
Very well explained. Liked the video.
For last 4 years i am suffering from sciatica problem. I tried every kind of sciatica exercise , consumed numerous kind of meds referred by doctors and therapist. Finally i noticed i have APT for years and i did nothing to fix that. And after searching youtube i found your video and tried it. My pain is instant gone. And i am felling like a new person. Thank you very much  and that comes from bottom of my heart. God bless you.
Don't ever stretch anything "as hard as you can"
When will I start seeing results if I do this everyday?
Can I sue school for ruin my body?
Should I stop squatting and deadlifting if I have a mild cause of apt ? The main issue is hip and knee pain(after squat)
Are u having apt😁😁
How much time get to fix pelvic tilt
9:56 where have I heard this before?
I train 3-4 times at week and have APT. Found it exceptionaly hard to do these execices, i think in time will get more and more easy.
hard work appreciated.
Always felt pain in my lower back, and never knew the reason.  Finally I found this video. Absolute Gold.  Thanks
Can running help? What if I just engage in cardiovascular activities, and not do the stretchy strengthy stuff? Will that improve the posture?
Thank u
I will be doing this for sure! I used to think my sway back was just from years of gymnastics and dance but as I have gotten older and worked in an office chair the low back pain has definitely proven I have an anterior pelvic tilt that needs to be fixed asap! Thanks for the great info!
So wait: Is the problem that my abs are to strong or my back? I didn't got that.Sry my englisch isnt so good? @Community
Awsome video ;)
Thank you for this informative video.
Yo man this video really helped . Do you have a video on how to keep good posture ?
Too long a video dude
Jesus are u wearing an apron or a shirt
How long does it take to get back to normal posture from apt using this routine?
exercise at 10:53 isnt working for me at all, all it does is stretch my groin
Should i do this every day? Or once a week like every other body part workout?
Educational
Is it ok to make cardio while having apt?? everytime i go to the gym i make 30 mins jogging  on the tredmill
You talk too much
Is it normal for in the first stretch to feel something in your front leg quad also?
im not gay but is it weird to be somewhat satisfied with seeing him able to flex his glutes?
Please help!! I have an overstretched right hamstring for a Long time now and I am always in pain.This is may be due to APT. I have few questions: 1. Can I run on treadmill/ground? If yes at what speed? Or cycling? 2. Can I do leg exercises on leg day? Or which leg exercises should I avoid and must do? 3. Can I do squats and lunges? 4. Can I do swimming during APT?  Thanks in advance brother
Thanx Scott! Will do this every day, I really need it. My backs killing me.
I’ve been suffering with lower back pain for months now with ATP your video has instantly relieved my pain gona continue with your exercises thank you so much
Very informative
Thank you !
I definitely have had this my whole life. If I stand for too long I'll get lower back pain. I don't even try to do it😢. And years as a gymnast only exasperated it. I also had ankle problems as a gymnast and today I have trouble with stretches where my foot is flexed. Now I know why.
What if i was fat should i be thin first??
Thank you Scott. I will try this. This APT is doing a number on my back and now my shoulders/neck. I am hoping for the best. Can you do this twice a day or is just once enough? Thank you
This glute bridge takes long time and is boring. 10x(20s+5s for proper form)x3 + 30s for two pauses between sets = 8min. Other exercises were fun :)
Hi don’t know if anybody will see this but when I did the first stretch my left knee started shaking and it made me unable to stretch for the full 120 seconds, does that mean somthing? I also play basketball so does APT effect my jumping? Thanks
Awesome video man, great advice!
I like this guy. No bullshit.
tnx bro easy 100 percent good
Is there a way to do this quicker? Like, 5 mins a morning instead of half an hour?
I just can't hold the first stretch for 60 seconds (30 seconds at best) it's just too much pressure on my front leg.
how time needs to fix ??
That nerves on your neck while you are taking are awesome
How many days it will take to fix problem of APT
Does the accent not make sense to anyone else?
Such an amazing channel, packed with valuable information. I can't believe how much there is to learn about my own body, I could have used this so much when I was a teenager; so much damage done, that could have been easily prevented with this great information.  Thanks ScottHermanFitness; keep on with your awesome self.
Hip n back pain
Thanks Vegeta :D
thanks for all the information scott, I've watched other youtubers on this problem im having and while they answered it they didn't give a complete guide to get rid of apt all together. So appreciate you taking the time to go fully in depth about it
thanks for the video.  i just figured out and i started to perform those activities you've shown in the video.  does it make any problem if i doing  these activities twice a day? And can i know how to sit in the chair with APT? Another times thanks a ton.
How many times a week should i do this
I fixed my pelvic tilt just by flexing my gluteus and abs as hard as I can for like 5 mins each day. This seems a little complicated, when you can do something much simpler and achieve the same result.
I tried this routine for 2 months and the results are incredible. If you want your pelvic tilt fixed just start :)
You do realise that this takes like an hour to complete? Twice a day? Are you nuts?
Do you recommend doing this routine before or after my morning gym session?
Does this really work
i had no idea i had this. i turned sideways and looked in the mirrow and saw curve. then i got on my back and i had the arch. i always wondered why i had that arch. i thought it was normal. thanks for the vid.
How long does it take to correct APT?
does this only work for people that's skinny or people with abs or for anybody
I am 11 and i have that. Is it possible to get fixed in one month?
Hey...I know you posted this video a while ago but I'm hoping to get a bit of insight if you read this.  I did the no gap exercise and you mentioned that your glutes should be contacted and that it is a lower abs exercise... When I did it I felt like it was targeting mid lateral abs instead and did not feel the need to contract my glutes while performing the exercise, yet I did have my ankles close to my glutes... Not sure why I'm not feeling it in my lower abs... Any thoughts?
Fucking awesome !
I think I have an atirblahblah because I'm a offensive guard in football and im a wrestler so I always curve my lower back and push against people
How many times a week should I do this routine to fix the issue?
How many times should i do this a week, with working out 5-6 times ? And do i do this before or after training?
Dude how long dies it taje to get rid of it?
Amazing
But if I just got a fissure, I just got a fissure
Always lmao at 15:40
I workout 6 days a week. But other than that I usually sit on chair whole day and study for college. Two three months earlier my lower back stated hurting too much. It was getting hard to sit for more than 2 hours straight. I had to take frequent breaks in between to stand up or lie down to suppress the pain. It started affecting my performance in gym as I was unable to perform any lower back exercise like bend over rows or Deadlifts. People started to comment me on my butts that it's sticking out like a woman. I took 6 months off of heavy  back exercises and concentrated fully  on fixing my apt. I performed all the mentioned stretches and exercises. Pain has not completely subsided but still there is a relief.   So, lesson from my story. Please emphasis on stretching sessions along with exercises. Prevent apt before it even happens. Take frequent breaks from sitting work and stretch in between whenever u can . Listen to Scott. Don't let the problem become major. It will hurt alot.   Thanks Scott for educating people not only on lifting. But also about these side problems that comes with it..  Love from India
Nice Video Kid👍🏿 I had This when I was A kid In the 60s my grandfather told me me to play More And i did played More with My friends
Awesome instructor!!
thanks, ill let you know when i see progress
I am pretty flexible and dont even sit for more than 5 hours a day I still got this shit. why nature, why?
these exercises had helped me alot.  i have been in pain for almost a year.  Thank you so much.
I'm stuck in a commute for over an hour each day back and forth. Sitting down. Any advice?  Don't say move closer
Pick an accent and stick to it
Scott, what would happen if I didn’t complete the reps ? because I really wanna fix my anterior pelvic tilt, but I don’t have much time every morning and night because I have to be at school the whole day.
This was super helpful.
I also have disc bulg at l4-l5 along with APT... Should i do these exercises?
iam patient anterior pelvic tilt😪
Scott Im lifting like 4-5 days a week so can I do these ex. and lifting both?
Like your instructions :)  P.S Your videos are lengthy...
Perfect !
Where has knowledge been all my life? I had APT since High school while squatting 600, benching 500 and hitting face mask to face mask on a championship team. I was Collegiate material but life didnt cause it to work out. late 90's early 2000's era. Ofcourse I started bodybuilding on my own and shoulders forward from growth due to not training back. If I had trained back I couldve had a 600 lb bench press.....Those goals are off my list. I have the belly now at 36 years of age, the spinal injections etc. Im getting 3 spacers in cervical this year. Im hoping it will allow me to train Properly!. I started getting back in shape for the hope of better recovery. Im 6'3" 350 lb. Im down to 335 at least. I want to be 250 which would be very low body fat for me. Thank you for your videos. The Corporate subordinate life in Vegas Hotel business violates everything healthy. You get surgery and they get paranoid over liability and fire you for something they pull out of there asss to get rid of people. Plus Unions are not so great with medical access. Insurance is low priced but they avoid real solutions and offer bandaids. I need a L5 eventually and my PA said "Thats more for athletes and very active people".....I was fuming because maybe I would have the body of a God if I had the best surgical solutions. Being able to train and deal with that crap takes the most focus.
Great video, thanks for the information. 19 minutes worth to watch.
The workout can be tracked on the Skimble app with timers here https://www.skimble.com/workouts/984911
Don’t take tips from this guy. His body is shocking
How much time does it take to fix it
very informative love this guy thank you very much
7:45
Mate..... top video! Been doing this for about 3 weeks and it’s sorted me right out! Tony - Manchester England 👍🏻
Thanks Great video
Let's be glad that my APT isn't as bad. This will be easy
Btw 60 to 120 seconds is 1 to 2 minutes lol for the normal people
great advice mate. thankyou helped me alot
thank you for sharing!
You helped me a lot Thank you
For how months do we have to do this????
Wataa
This actually is quite hard lol
Thank you, this has been a long standing issue. I will post back in a month to tell you about my recovery.
I dont have a back pain still i have this problem
Hey Scott love this video! I’m going to start it immediately. I’ve been watching your videos ever since I got into fitness and weight training. I would be stoked if you ever wanted to use my bands music for any of your videos, I think our sound might fit well. It’s called “Wake Me”. Check out our Kiss From a Rose Seal cover on YouTube and any of our original music as well. Thanks again for all the great videos!
Wow I'm at five minutes and gotta stop here, cause I already know so much things to do now!
Excellent video thanks!
Which exercise  to avoid who has apt
The actual video starts at 6:35
Can I do it every morning? Will replace my 20min yoga routine with this until I fix my donald duck sticky butthole posture
If I have apt, can i do deadlift or squats?
speaks too much bullshit
Really thankful for your help.Your way of explanation is just great.
Could you please tell me which Gym exercises I need to avoid in APT??? Plzzz reply  Thank You.
Pigmie inspired this?
I have known of my APT for a while, but this is a complete guide and workout of what to do! Thanks
Geez - this has described me to a T.  Will start these ASAP
This doesn’t fucking work for me
I don t want to study fucking medicine please show the exercises and thats it
Great advice, but I would urge caution in the lunge stretch. I overdid that one over the summer, contributing to a twisted pelvis, which in turn led to a pinched nerve and a month of PT.
Great!!!!!!!!
Wat is the ideal time to do exercises..
thank you man
How long do i need to do this, and how many times a week?
AHHHHHHHCH
you own my like
Do we start with stretches only, do those for a month or so and then move on to doing stretches AND STRENGTHENING EXERCISES, or do we do stretches and strengthening exercises from day 1? Please reply, I'm unsure and want to start this routine as soon as. Thank you :D
Hey Scott, I tried doing the glute bridges you showed but found myself with what seemed to be extremely tight quads? I found that I was struggling to fully hyper extend whilst performing the movement because my upper anterior legs are limiting my movement, am I feeling the pain in my rectus femoris because I'm stretching it and it's already tight due to my APT? I hope you, or someone else can reply soon. Thank you for the video, this must be one of the most in-depth videos on this subject out there! :D
hey dude.... thank you so much !!!!!!
This is the severe problem I have!! I was born flat footed and it has led to this!! Terrible and embarrassing! My butt sticks out terribly! Most of the time I always feel out of alignment!! Very disabling!! This is part of my disability! I hope I can learn how to do these stretches and exercises! Thank you so very much!! Sincerely Sheree C.
Should i refrain myself from deadlift because it causes pain in lower back?
Wow that was so helpful, thankyou Scott . I have wondered what was wrong with this body. You hit the nail on the head!
Hey man. How long does this usually take to get results?
thanks for doing this vid
Hi Scott! Is it common to have both a APT and lateral pelvic tilt? My right hip is higher than my left due to the imbalance.
Just unliked the vdo for shit thumbnail..
brilliant video. would it be a normal occurence to suffer from a slight bit of pain in the lower back after doing these stretches as shown?  thanks in advance
Gosh get to the point
Can you say “NORMAL” normal, jk thanks
Great vid. Just had a discectomy which failed, followed by a fusion due to ruined disc (was a tiler) Just started my pilates style rehab (including a lot of these movements you show). Really important content here. They should be showing this information on morning shows instead of celebrity gossip.
Watah
Can someone please tell me: Is it okay to still TRAIN QUADS & LOWERBACK when fixing APT?!
Man you talk to much
Dont fix this people just work out your abs and it will fix itself. Trying to correct this by pushing your pelvis forward will make you have a shitload of anxiety and stress in your abdomen and you will have trouble breathing it fucking sucks! It happened to me when I listened to Elliot Hulse years ago and it took me forever to figure out why I felt so terrible.
ScottHermanFitness  how long will it take to recover ?
Hey man I just did this and it greatly reduced my lower back pain, thanks Scott very helpful
Thank you SO much!! This is very helpful
I don't feel ANYTHING during 2nd exercise (where you should lay down and pull foot to your butt). Overall these are good exercises, especially glut bridges and plank are challenging for me. But that 2nd exercise is giving me no resistance or anything. What am I doing wrong? Where should I feel working muscles?
Can anyone give me a couple tips on No Gaps.  As I set my leg down to finish a rep I can feel my hip flexor being activated, which I'm guessing is a bad thing.  Am I doing something very wrong or is this normal for people with weak gluts?
Hi scott, when i am  doin this my steached muscle shaking very shaking is this fine?? i am very tight in this muscles. talking about the first exercise.
Thank you.  God bless you
Greetings from England, 5th Dec 2017. Sir, this is a quality video with really helpful info. The exercises are logical, appropriate and thankfully, simple. I may add that I can do the prone quad stretches with my back against a wall, enabling me to do them at work etc. This also prevents arm/shoulder fatigue. Probably the best all-round video on APT. Thank you.
Thanks, I have chronic back ache due to APT. One set of this and my back pain has eased. Will definately be keeping this up.
Yo seriously, this video changed my life...these movements completely helped me omg Scott..
Bro your legs made me cry
Skip to 8:00 ... u're welcome
Hard to determine if I have ATP. I have a curve in my back and a curvy rear but I don't really have back pain. I got hit by a bus turning 10-20mi/per hour in my lower back when crossing the street but I'm completely fine fortunately
This guy is the original fitness YouTuber. And finally someone who shows you that you can address this problem at home without the use of dumbells and bands etc. Doing this to sort out my butt wink.
LOL, girls try to look like the left thumbnail...:P
thank U so much
3 easy steps he says
Much appreciated.
Great instructional vid! Question: With the leg extensions, would it help to place a weight on your stomach to help keep the lower back flat?
WHere is this fella from?
Can you do those 9:27 even if you have already some sort of buldgin on L5-S1? Cause when i do these streches the 'interior pelvic tilt' worsens. Btw: These excercises are no joke. THese are the excercises that physiotherapist use in clinics to help people with lower back pain.
6:31 thank me layer
All this video is really doing is engraining an anterior pelvic shift, more of the same problems. Great job 👌🏾
How much it takes
Scott thank you much man. You have no idea how much this has helped me. I had been experiencing back pain for months now and even had to cut out deadlifts and squats because the pain was so bad. Hopefully after a couple weeks of these stretches and exercises i can finally go back to normal. Much love for all the things you do.
Great stuff.  I’d argue that hyperextending during glute bridges isn’t ideal and would more likely be the cause of back pain during that particular exercise.  The glutes  are able to get a full contraction with full hip extension without hyper extending the back.
https://youtu.be/T69N5A0GzrI?t=12m9s      fart...
Explained anterior pelvic tilt, the related muscle imbalances and how to address them more clearly than I've heard from other healthcare providers. Thank you!!
What is the best way to sleep with APT according to you? Back/side...?I ask here, as I found no confirmed info elsewhere...
I can’t tell if you have an American accent, a Boston accent, or Australian accent lmfao
Kindly how many times we should exercise this in one week , thank you in advance
10:05 Taaaaaageting
I have apt
I have had lower back pain for years and recently have seen an orthopedic guy, did the PT, and finally spinal injection with little results. I found Scott’s video in desperation for relief. I have been doing this series three times a week for the last two weeks and I am finally feeling less pain in my lower back! When I started, the bridges were difficult with some pain at the full extension. Now, no pain at all doing that movement. You’re going to have to work at this to get results, but I truly believe his logic is correct and you can have positive results if you put in the time. Thanks Scott.
This video is really well-done, thanks for sharing. One question though: I've read that doing ab workouts like leg lifts that activate your hip flexors aren't great if you have APT. Does the no-gap fall into this category? Or would you say it's still fine to do some flexor strengthening if you have APT? Thanks again!
Should i stop training lower back for a while
I heard that these exercises don't give eternal solution. It will get earlier position once we stop doing so ?????
Excellent video! I like how you remind the audience to not go into apt during the exercises. You just forgot to remind them in the first exercise :D I used to not feel that stretch at all until I adjusted the pelvis correctly. Any reason you choose the back stretch on the chair over say a child's pose? Simplicity? Keep up the awesome work!
Dude, this was an AWESOME video. As an ex-college athlete, you can imagine my frustration when I discovered I could no longer do squats and deads anymore due to back and hip pain. While I am just beginning my journey to recovery, your video really helped me see how APT has been ruining my lifts the past few years. I'm hoping I can get back on track. Thanks!
In how much time it will be worked
This is great. ..i appreciate the information.  I have this exact issue.
When I did the glute bridge in the second set I started feeling pulling sensations (pain) on the outer side under the kneecap in both my knees when I was in full flex. Do you have any insight here? Is this caused by tight muscles? Cause it kind of felt like it. Should I bare through it or listen to the body and stop?   I've had the same sensation in my right knee after heavy lifting in longer periods when doing most exercises involving legs, especially squats, which made me quit doing them to prevent injury. Never experienced it in the left though. Been doing deep stretches for a while now with improvement, though this was new.   Superb video btw! And  thank you so much!
hey scott how long does it takes to fix apt if instructions are follwed  as you suggested
hey scott how long does it takes to fix apt ,if instructions are followed as you suggested
hey scott how long does it takes to fix if instructions are followed as you suggested
Can u plz tell me how to reduce thigh fat
I have duck feet too. Is this due to ATP or some other cause? I used to think that maybe my shin bones are rotated in an outward direction but after watching this video I think that actually the case might be that the shin bones are in the right position and the femur bones have rotated inwards instead. :(
This is an excellent discussion.
I’ve never seen anyone stand like that in my life (thumbnail)
This video helped so much in my random pains.
AMAZING vid. I was in intense pain, just doing the first exercise helped me a lot. Crazy how just tightening your glutes puts everything in place. I realized I do all the exercises in pilates anyway, but my physiotherapist wasn't so through in her explanations & I just like to know the whys, helps put things in perspective (AKA I swear I'll never complain about doing the plank for 1 minute ever again) .
How long it takes to correct apt who suffered from last 10 years?
I was doing 14:25 and mom walked in my room.
I’m doing this routine every gym day in between my free weight sets or afterwards and I am already seeing improvements. Did i understand correctly that the glute bridge is to be performed for 20s hold ten times, then repeat that set twice more? Each set lasts 4:20 minutes if I take 6s rest in between so that’s 13 min just of glute bridges!
Great Scott.  Just one question. How long should I be doing these exercises?
I have been diagnosed with Hip Impingement Syndrome. I am a serious runner! I will follow your exercises and see if this helps me.
Excellent video! Backed full of great information and a realistic approach to fixing APT.
are these stretches and exercises are safe for an overweight one?
sir i have the same problem  is it effect on height.. will my height increase..if yes then how many inches??
I got ATP because of sitting down too much to study for school.  It's caused core and butt weakness and my psoas and hip flexors are tense.  I've been having shock going down the front part of my thighs.  Not sciatic.
Pahk ya cah in the street
No way is he from Boston
Again great video scott I have this problem and I'm working on it after   I saw this. Thank you
best APT video i have seen until now, thank you so much!
I am so glad i found this video!!! Thank you so much! 👍🏻👍🏻
ty so much for this. ive known a lot about APT for awhile now but you still taught me a bunch of things i didnt know.
My work out today thank you as I'm inpaaaaain lets see how we go
What gives with the phony boston accent? One minute it's "water" the next minute it's "watah"
Wow looks so hard! Have anyone tried this yet:)?
Have this 100%  awesome video thanks
Great video i have improved my posture though my abs are still kinda weak
Thank you so much for the video!
Holy shit . I have all the symtomps . From buckling knees to tight hips and calves . Always prone to ankle injuries & flat feet. This video is going to help me alot . I was born with broken hips maybe thats why i have APT this severe
Hi Scott can you tell approximately how long can it take to cure?
gr8 video
I love it. Very well explained.
Dude. Never wear that t-shirt again. It distracts from your (very good) content. Ruins your credibility for me. Between that Bostonian accent and that shirt I can't take it. But if I turn my back ... great content.
Thank you so much, excellent video
But what if there is an anterior pelvic tilt (anterior rotation) only on one side (with respect to the other side)? These exercises do not cover this (VERY COMMON) scenario...
Hi Scott! Is it ideal to do just one body part exercise while at the gym? My previous trainer do this to me. I go to the gym three times a week, so say Monday is leg day. Thursday is back training, Saturday would be arms. And then the following week, I would train for other remaining body workout like chest, arms and shoulders. The only problem I could possibly think about that is the interval is too long for every body part. Is this okay? Or it is ideal to do train two body parts every time I go to the gym? I really hope you make videos about this topic or you can respond to my comment. Thank you very much! :)
I got bladder bowel problem because of this
Amazing help with APT, thank you Scott!
let me just say that I've never done that first stretch before....and holding that shit was hard lol
Affair afford govern oral several bubble engine reluctant virtual alone.
Boston accent?
great vid man, you helped my APT
Finally some good and solid information to actually help us understand the whole problem, all those videos about APT just say "do these 3 stretches and it will disappear!" Well it doesn't do shit. You are honest and recommend us ~30 minutes of stretching and exercising twice a day, and I do believe this is what's needed to fix the issue, having APT is quite a struggle. Gonna be doing this in the future now, I had to cut deadlifts already due to lower back pain and I can't progress very well on my squat because my back will start to hurt, this is holding me back from training at my full potential.  Thank you!
You saved my life 👊🙏
Can i continue runing and exercise with it. If i can .... what type of excercises i Will don't
Doing the Glute-Bridge the way he demonstrated it is actually pretty damn stupid for people with APT. If you extend as much as possible, you use your lower back at the top too so you basically do the exact wrong thing.
bro your idea of holding the postures for 60 to 120 secs is awesome i never thought of stretching for so long but its so good for you. thanks man
Thanks for the information, i hear that you are struggling a lot with your vocal protection.
3 easy steps in 20 minutes doesn't sound right
Why can't you just tell us the three steps in like 5-7 mins video like I understand you gotta explain to but I feel like it doesn't gotta be super long
This is the most helpful video on apt i found the rest of the utubers just said wat it was
Brilliant...Much more (and accuratly detailed ) info than what I got from my Doctor and physiotherapist ...thumbs up and ..Many Thanks.
Is it possible/okay regarding to APT, to do the quad stretch while standing?
Reciprocal inhibition! Stop your stretches which are trying to lengthen muscles that already is over stretched.
I have severe APT since years and I now want to do smth against it since I am now beginning to really feel pain in my lower back. There's just a few things I wanna mention. When you stretch the hip flexor,  people with APT should suck in their belly and really focus on not bending their back inwards. This is really difficult for me, but it helps when I try to bring my navel to the spine and tighten the ass =)  And one more thing, which I am not sure about, but when you strengthen your abs with the "no-gap", do you not strengthen your hip flexor as well with this?
Got to be one of the best vids on APT. Amazing work Scott! Got a bit of APT myself, so I'll definitely be getting on this!
so how much time do i need to heal?
Should I skip lower back workout for APT ?
How often should I do these exercises? And should I be doing my normal back and leg routine along with it?
Hey buddy...can we do this after every regular workout?
Scott i think i may have this!! Question please if i may. I train kickboxing. My calves hurt and swell up constantly when training even though i have been doing it for years. Do you think that (going off what you said about lower leg and ankle injuries) that this atp could be the cause? I am pretty certain i have ATP after watching your video. Thank you for the heads up and please reply haha
Thanks bro..great info
Where do you get those pants
My anterior pelvic tilt is so bad I, can't even get my back, to be fully flat on the ground. When I try it gets some of the gap smaller but not fully flat. Will it just get better with doing these exercises? Thanks for any help!
This is some bullshit, if you have an apt, find someone who specializes.
I have apt at first i found it sexy😂😂but now i'm suffering from lower back pain .i will follow ur advice daily..but i should i stop squat or my usual training for 12 week ??!!
I was born with flat feet. Which sucks ass
My poor knees
I lean forward more than I lean back. (Lower)
Your videos are always great man, also it's good to see you having a laugh with your subs in the comment section and not taking yourself too seriously
Great video! Wow you did your research!
This cauz also knockknees thanks great vid 😍
I had no idea I even had APT until the left arm test. Do you I got it from when I started lifting, trying to engage my quads in bench press, forcing my abdomen up while keeping my upper back and glutes on the bench?
I weigh 400lbs.  That's way too much weight onto my toes when doing a plank.  I like the knee plank idea.
Scott, i know you want to explain everything as detailed as possible, but a 19 minute video for “3 QUICK tips?”...... really?
I always finish first. The ladies are always disappointed. Do you think BSN would sponsor me?
I'm not a fan of Scott's videos but he nailed it this time. Very detailed and informative video. Thanks..
Does anyone else’s head hurt after doing the last exercise of step 1
A bucket of watah. An aach in the back lol. Pots of your body. A bah bell. A hod time.... What is this guy from Boston? 😂😂😂😂
Your back looks like it’s lacking in the thumbnail
wow .. the best explanation on the Internet... Subscribed your channel right away .. i competed in 2 physique competitions last year but was disappointed by my placings .. the only reason was that my lower back looked under developed due to mild APT.. i am glad i found this video and i hope I'll correct my APT.. also i wanna ask , whether i should dead lifts right now as i guess further tightening of lower back is undesired in APT.. help needed Scott :)
6:35
Didn't Jeff Cavaliere make a video about this around the same time?
Thanks Scott
I didn't even know I had this, I saw this video in my suggested and then a few days later I noticed my shoulders come back really far and my butt sticks out and I went back to youtube and watched this video. I was amazed on how I suffered from almost every  symptom you listed including flat feet, and ankle and knee pain. As soon as I fixed my posture, the pressure was taken off. Thank you so much for this video.
Best video on youtube about APT
Thank you man for this video, I found it very helpful. can you please do another one for FIXING or PREVENTING LATERAL PELVIC TILT (LPT)! We count on you Scott.
I'm going to try it. But at the end you talk about making sure to maintain proper position while sitting and walking and standing. How? I no longer know what that means I tried that and it only got worse. I think I tried to sit too straight and I exaggerated that- I bend my back in the other direction.  So how do I sit, how do I walk and how do I run. Then I'll start thinking about squatting again.
I try glute bridges, but my hamstrings cramp during these. How to fix it?
Hi thanks for the informative video. Does APT affect kids? I have a 9 year old that looks like he has APT can I do these exercises with him?
Totally effective. Thanks! Hope to see development in my abdominals from now on 😌
Today was day 1. I don't know how I'm gonna be able to fit this in every day but the results are gonna be so worth it! Thanks for getting me on a path to good posture!!!
this is the one
Hi Scott, on the first stretch is it ok if the back leg is resting on the floor (as opposed to the back leg knee being slightly elevated)? Ive seen other APT vids and they have the back leg on the floor. I find it much harder do it your way so just wondering if it makes  significant different.  Thank you for the superb content !
Absolutely great video. Extremely informative & helpful.
How long will it take to fix this ?
Thank you bro it's more than helpful thanks thanks a lot....
Scott, getting back on this issue; is squatting with heavy weight or performing leg press worsen the APT condition?
I feel a pop when i kick my leg out
How long will it take
i cant even get passed the stretches .. i dont feel like i feel anyt5hing on my hip flexors. only in the froont part of my leg
Scott how long it takes to see results?
6 Foot 5 206 lbs started skinny but APT is definitely my posture this will help tons scott thanks man!
How do I stretch the low back on just one side?
I have this and its embarrassing
Just what I needed, thanks brah
Like button smashed!
why is he flaring he elbows here and there when he is speaking? O_o (no hate just curious)
When i lie down i can just about fit a finger under my back is this bad?
so i have weak hamstrings lol
thanks Scott!I love ur videos!! Btw,I really do have this doubt what is the duration time take n to correct apt and will the correction of apt increase in height;I'm 5.7 I badly wanna reach 6!What n all to so? Help bro!😟
Is even the slightest anterior pelvic tilt (bouts 5ish degrees) abnormal? Honestly I can't tell just by looking at my waist in the mirror lmao
I have anterior pelvic tilt I think.  However, last year I was diagnosed with Degenerative Disc Disease in L3. L4. L5.  Would you still recommend these exercises?  Thanks a lot, your videos are great!
I'm lifting 3x per week, doing legs 1-2 and upper body 1-2 a week. Would this workout be fine on non consecutive days? Let's say I workout mon-wed-fri, can I do this tue-thu-sat? Or will it be too much?
Information starts at 0:00
Lets get staahted!
Great, since young boy always had my butt sticking back, girls kinda like it, but it hurts sometimes, i will definitly star doing this exercises. thanks
I'm not sure if I truly have apt (looks minor if anything) but I'm still doing these.
Awesome video! Its really helped me diagnose and explain alot of my problems over the past 5 years!  Thank you Sir!
I think i might have this, but there is no pain , just my hip clicks when i do knee raises or excercises of that sort. I find this very troubling since im a very active person(dream is to be a pro football player)
hello sir i want to know that is ANT problem resolved by medication permanently or not and also make sure that these  exercise could solve my problem permanently because i face this problem first time since last three weeks   please answer me fast and i make my power-lifting and bodybuilding routine again as i had
Can you do a video on training with spondylolisthesis. Exercises or stretches to avoid and ones that would help.
Your videos are always so well researched!! Now, I know you're not a doctor or something but can you do a video on Scoliosis ? :D
Today is a new month...gonna start this today.
Thanks for the awesome info Scott!! Much love from Singapore!
Thank you for wearing fitted clothing while demonstrating the stretches and exercises. It made it much easier to see the correct form.
In this video: A guy with APT who teach exercises that cause APT everyday gives you a routine that will likely compound all of your APT-related symptoms. But at least he's jumping on the posture bandwagon. Check out https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq9CkTK0Oq_ZZ5U9cbFZVag if you actually want to start fixing yourself.
Is arching your back to bench press still good or we should flat our back there too?
+1 for the timestamps and the well structured infobox. Very good content as well
Thanks for your help very helpfull video 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Hi Scott I think I have got a lower back tilt as I have flat feet. I do a lot of squats and deadlifts with 20 kg bar. I do not have any chronic back pains or Sth and I very rarely experience. Can I still lift ?do I need a belt?
Anyone else here have snapping hip syndrome due to APT?
thank you <3
why should i hold it form 60 to 120 seconds? so i googled and there are opinions starting form 10s to 120s. Just to be curious why such a long time.
Nice information, but it seems pretty time consuming? Stretching alone for 60-120s. for 4 sets of (left+right) + (left+right) +(back), in the morning and before bed, comes to 40-80 minutes a day. I don't know much about stretching, so im asking humbly here: Do I really need to put between 1 and 2 hours a day into fixing something like this?
awesome video Scott, keep'em coming
Dude, you are a true natty, and a fantastic example of what a natural lifter should strive for and expect to obtain. I'm also very impressed with your extensive knowledge. I suffer from APT. My lower back kills me. I recently had to start sleeping with a pillow under my stomach to keep my back from overarching and keeping me in pain the next day. It's all because of APT. This is the best and most informative video I've seen on the topic. I'll start Monday. Thanks Scott
this is really helping me. I haven't been able to progress in my fitness goals because of this back pain  because of my Donald Duck booty. LOL Thank you so much!
As someone who suffers from APT and made great strides with it, I have to say this a very good video. What's helped me has been Pilates, it's based entirely around posture, flexibility and a strong core. The back buddy or thericane, amazing at releasing tightness in the back, I can lie in my back with a huge arch and then use the back buddy for about 30 secs and my back just melts into the ground.Planks on your knees, doing them on your knees really helps you focus more on controlling your pelvis, keeping the lower back straight and engaging the lower abs. The full plank just has too much potential for an uneven back and loss of control even if you can maintain the plank.
Thanks for this Scott!
Thats hell of a good video! Thank you so much!
His accent is interesting :)
Thanks! I didn't know I had this problem, but I think  I do.
I have had this problem for as long as i can remember, is it possible it is genetic or something? And if so is it safe or even possible to correct?
Scott Herman posted this video quite late...
Steve Bannon endorses that third stretch.
Quick question, why are the exercises so long, for example the glute thrust exercise without any breaks would take a full 10 minutes to complete. Surely it shouldn't take that long?
Thank you Scott. Felt pain relief right away!
Oh my gosh....your abs
Should you still arch your back on the benchpress when you have apt?
Is this going to work if i do it 3 times/week ?
Thank you so much! just tried this routine for the first time, and i have a relief already!! Keep the great work man!
This stretch routine takes a VERY long time!
All of my friends make fun of the way I walk😿🔥 even grown ups tell me, “why do you walk like a girl or an old man?” Then I decide to research what is this that I have and I found out I have APT. Whoever has it don’t just try to walk straight because u will still have the big arch in the back like I do. You have to do some APT exercises to fix that arch bc I walk straight because I am aware of this but my friends tell me I have a big butt and I am a 13 year old male.
great great great video
Duck arse
Best APT video I've seen so far....
Nice thumbnail pffft lmao
Is there a sub for stretch number 2 because there’s now way possible I could get close to that
Great video Scott, I was waiting for you to make one on this!  Although not as exaggerated in your video, I do think I have some mild APT (get low back pain if I'm standing/walking for a long period of time, trouble with squatting low and notice my legs want to laterally rotate while I'm squatting, etc).  I'd done some research on different stretches, and there were two I found and was using...using a foam roller on the front of my thighs and up around the hip joint, and the pigeon stretch.  What is your take on those two in particular, are they beneficial?
Wow scott thanks I can actually  see improvements in my pelvic area....u do know ur stuff....keep up the good work...
19 minutes video and he didn't say WicKID HaHD once. Honestly, it's like he's not even trying.
What if your booty dont stick out like that but you only got lower back pain... would this still help?
Hi Scott, I've always heard; dont stretch your lower back, those muscles need to be tight, but now you are teaching us a lower back stretch. Im confused now, what is your opinion?
what's that audio device?
so that is why i have back pain, thank you!
Great stuff, not long ago I was struggling with the pelvic tilt, and linked it with exterior leg rotation and flat feet. Only thing that was really missing from the video is how to work on those issues as well along side one another. In y experience the only way I got over it was by addressing all of them at once.
I’ve been looking for the way to fix apt but there aren’t any good way in Japanese information. Thank you so much uploading this video! It’s really helping me and I’m spreading this video for my friends!
awesome video Scott thanks!  the last 5 years, I've worked a desk job, and I now understand how physically detrimental it is to your body to be sitting 8-10 hours a day.  I've been trying exercises to combat these problems and definitely going to add these to the mix now!
Best video ever in the history of body maintenance
Going to therapist for this had back pain for a year. Throwing this on top of all the treatment
Staaaahted! LOL love the Baaaahston accent
Thank you man! You were right about evey single septum.. I did everything and eventually my lower back was burning but it felt good and it looks better. It's really hard to find these exercises these days and all the time it's not right so thanks!
Awesome video
I still have too Much of a gut to do the last stretch. Im working on in and its getting smaller, but its still there
4 How long Do u Need to do this before u see any results?
Anterior pelvic tilt made me insecure for a big chunk of my life. Walking around like some weird ass FREAK with extremely long legs and a short torso that looks even smaller due to the apt and now that I've found this solution I really hope it works
i squeez my butt and abs as hard as i can but my back never flattens , it just move very little bit to the flat position , does that mean i have a extreme version of APT or i"m doing something wrong.
Great original information Scott... You're the best :-)
No thanks as a guy I like to have a big wide butt sticking out
I noticed today, the chair I'm using at work basicly has the form of a anterior pelvic tilt. So in using that the whole day, will these exercises and stretches help.
How long will it take to get back ?
Scott, your gym shoes always on point 👌🏼
BRO Look at this bull shit other fellow on youtube trying to talk shit LOL https://youtu.be/-hN8g5raLgU
Yo Scott!  Should we do all of these on the same day or could we just take one or two at a time and do another one or 2 later along with all the others?
Looks like scaht is off the juice again
It means a lot to ppl with APT issue...this is one of the very few fitness channels in YouTube with no bull shit...thanx a lot :D ...wish u get more&more subscribers worldwide
black people suffer this the most i see with their ass pointing to god to look at
Best video on the subject.
As always very informative and effective info , Thanks Scott !
precious infos 👌👍 thank u
Scott, I tried this exercises yesterday and now I have back pain. Is this normal ??
Tried this and holy shit is it ever boring. It's hard to breath during it and it feels like it takes forever to complete. Bridge 20seconds times 30 = 600 seconds oh yeah you wanna do it twice a day by the way so it's actually 1200seconds!!!. Screw this. Is it possible to just fix this problem by sitting less and working the glutes and hamstrings with machines and doing direct ab workouts? This is painfully boring. PLUS YOU HAVE TO DO IT TWICE A DAY. Also for the stretch where you sit down I don't feel anything and for the quad stretchy my grip get so fuckin tired of holding my leg that it feels like a forearm workout. Fuck this. After spending 2hours at the gym (I walk there and walk back) I'm not down to spend another 40mins with this.
Thanks a lot! I'll try it. Started to suffer from 'lower back' like a month ago...
Ty for the video. How often should i do this? What all workouts should avoid  which actually contribute to more tilt?
17:50 That Rich Piana tribute though
What do you recommend when one of your Erector Spinae is bigger than the other? I have flat feet and that causes tightness in my hips/bum/legs. My left erector is far stronger and bigger than my right causing the occasional lower back pain and blowout.
Brilliant vid this Scott, well done.
this is perfect for me.  2 of the strengthening work out you provided is the same work out given to me by my friend and i feel it is very effective.. i feel less lower back pain..  what is better though is that you have provided a solution on how to retain  the fixed apt..
Hey Scott, do you have any good wrist exercises and/or stretches? As a avid lifter and drummer I sometimes develop soreness and pain. Thanks!
Insane video for spreading free content. Awesome
During the bridge movement and the hamstring stretch i keep getting a cramp in ny hamstring is there anything i can do to fix this?
Man I needed this video! Thank you Scott!!!! For the last year I haven't worked my core directly bc I figured since I was small it wasn't necessary. Do you think this contributed to my APT?
I have just been told by my physio that my lower back pain has been caused by APT, so this video is perfect timing!
Injured myself deadlifting and now have apt at least I think seen a chiropractor and was given a few stretches to do but nobody is as informative with stretches and workouts specifically for the pelvic and lower back region as you are Scott thank you for always going into so much detail!
Hey Scott, thanks for the video, I need it. Can you also do a video about Left Rib Flaring? I don't like it. Thanks.
Thanks 4D video M8..😃😃
THANK. YOU. Just . . . thank you.
You uploaded this just in time when I realized I have tightness in my hip flexors which is causing me lower back pain and making it harder for me to squat. Thanks!!
I dont have ATP but this is the best video ive seen on it 100%
This is a great one Scott! This one will help me a lot. I may have missed it, but any videos for fixing rounded shoulders?
I just recently found out I have 17 degrees of scoliosis as well as a bulging disc in my lumbar spine. Also causing my hips to be tilted, right hip is higher than left, and also causes my right leg to be slightly longer than left, just wondering if you had any good tips? I've been doing physical therapy with similar exercises
This is a great share Scott, many thanks! My ATP has fucked up my lower back and achilles, will work on this now.
should i do these stretches before or after i do my main exercises, or does it not matter?
Why not 3x a week?
Hey Scott. The no-gap exercise stresses that there should be no space between the lower back area and the bench to rectify APT. However, for Bench Press and Dumbbell Press is it OK if there is a gap as we try to push out the chest whilst doing the exercise? Do we approach the chest exercises differently with respect to posture? Thanks in advance :)
This helped me a lot! Thanks Scott!👍👊
Thanks for the vid !
ffs can you not make a 20min video for " 3 easy steps"
thanks a lot Scott, this means a lot for me, I have this problem since 1 year and I didn't know what was the real problem.
Probably the most comprehensive APT routine I've seen a youtuber provide
Dude, awesome videos! lots of straightforward NO nonsense information....fact based info is what we all need to achieve and exceed our goals...doing a great job keep it up bro....ps. gotta tell me where you got the green lantern shirt in a previous video??
Weird.. I just started seeing a lot of men around here like this lately, now the video.  lol
A lot of great information in that video Scott, learned a lot of things about APT that I didn't even know about, thanks! By the way is it possible for you to make a video on shoulder impingement  and with what exercises it arises from?
I was asking for this kind of info on your last video. This rutine is so good although I had one of my own and it inclouded zercher hold instead of plank, but your concept is way better. Thank you Scott so much!
Hey, explain the purpose of AMRAP, partucularly on your 5day ppl workout.
Hi scott I've been practicing l-sit for a while. I manage to hold about 20 seconds but I feel that the weakest link in my body is not the abdominal muscles. It is something in the back. Maybe a back shoulder. I would be happy if you could share your knowledge of what you think and what exercises can strengthen it.
Awesome, thanks Scott!
What the fuck is that accent?!
Scott, in  your opinion would the front squat be good or bad for APT because i feel my abs working a lot on it but I would imagine it tightens the hip flexors a fair bit too
the left thumbnail looks like how college girls take their pictures nowadays
bawbells
awesome vid scott your lookin good
Lmao, that thumbnail of you trying to do an anterior pelvic tilt is awful. Haha completely agree with info, but all images are soooo over exaggerated haha. Good shit.
Thanks for always helping me get STAHTED, Scott!
Great info Scott, maybe in another video you can go through how different sleeping positions can affect apt. Much appreciated, keep it up. Love from Sweden
Great tips! I do have some questions however. As a man in my early twenties, i'm suffering heavily from APT with back ache every now and then, the kind that makes me need 30 seconds just to get inside my car. Would you consider it acceptable to mix these exercises with other exercises that other people recommend here on YouTube, for example sitting down in a full squat for a long time? Or is your exercises enough and doing more would be overkill? I tried your stretches and felt an instant relief in my back. Every step I took felt like I was being pushed forward by pink Disney clouds, it was amazing.
great video!! thank you
Very great video, congratulations !! Keep going !
Thank you
Just when i started to feel pain in the lower back and realised that i have apt you uploaded this vid. Thank you Scott, i gonna start today all the exercises and i let you know about my feeling with this.
great exercises. helped me a lot. fresh look at the old problem. thank you very much :)
What a king, thank you so much for this video scott
Thanks you
Thanks
I like the ab and glutes flex :)
Thanks for the information Scott just what I needed.
Jen Selter dislikes this.
Oh wow. I always thought Why my butt stuck out so weird. Looks like Now I have the answer. Thanks Scott 😏 Also I'm having lower back pain a lot especially while Training even when my Form is right. Hope this helps!
Scott I got a question for you. That Iliopsoas stretch is absolutely unbearable. I mean I dunno if Im doin it wrong or something I feel it in my quads as well as the hip flexors but I can barely hold it for 30 seconds. If you have a tip or maybe another exercise to replace this one I'll be glad to know. Thanks in advance.
Do you know how long it would take to fully recover if someone who has major apt did it twice a day everyday?
Liked video before i saw it
Whenever you say smash i try to hit the button :) loved the video bro
Lol that first pick looks like that 1 chick walking around in tight ass jeans and heels
I've had constant lower back pain for a while, and I'm only 15 so I know I need to fix some shit. Going to a chiropractor didn't help much, and I think it's a problem with spine compression. What's the best way to decompress the spine?
Foam rolling those tight muscles also help alot :)
ti amo scott !!! no homo
All the thumbnail is telling me is that bad posture makes your butt look bigger
I walk a bit like a duck. My feet are facing outwards a lot. Is that anterior pelvic titlt I don’t have any lower back pain only if I do crunches it hurts a bit.
Love you scott, no homo, one of the few youtubers that actually cares about their subscribers and respond to them
Great video always informative
What about sway back?
Thanks dude
keeping the core tight whilst doing the same with glutes isnt really working , i cant squeeze both at the same time , is this normal? i have to focus on one muscle group  ://  edit: it works but not as strong as when im doing them equaly
Hloo Scott i am big fan of yours tonns of love from india i watched every single video of yours but this time have a question can i do these exercises imediately after gym workout ?
Your glutes are goals..
Nothing wrong with anterior tilt. Amazonians have much healthier spines than us westerners. They use anterior tilt.
I have an injury on my lower back (lumbar disc,i think).should i still do these?
Thanks this is already helping my bad hip flexers. And I didn't do it as long as you said to,  yet 😁
Scott, this is a huge help. Thank you for taking the time to explain this in great details. Much appreciated Brother.
Awesome! Defiantly going to start doing this. I don't think I have a very bad APT but I struggle with it when doing ab exercises that require both legs off the ground.
7:32
Can you make a video about clavicula (sternal end) popping in and out?
I fixed my apt a few months ago because by back and neck was hurting everyday. It took a couple days but totally worth it.
I could easily deal with anterior pelvic tilt. I have Posterior, now thats fucked up xD But Ive been getting better in the last months with some exercises
What's this guys profession to be teaching this kind of stuff? Just curious. Thought he was a fitness guy and not a physiotherapist but might be wrong
Have been waited for it, waiting was worth. Ty Scott for your great videos!
I can't thank you enough! I've been having this for a long time and it's a lot of pain latelly. Thanks man, you are awesome!
Sir, people who have gone through ACL, MCL and other knee injuries and didnt do a surgery because it was a minor one, Is there any tips that you wanna share for people who have or are going through such situations? What to do when the knees start paining and all that sort of stuff?
I have a small tilt  and for the last couple weeks been getting minor lower back and pain and couldn't find a good answer for it so your video came just in time :) great information as always
Thank you for this amazing and very well informed description. This was so well done and so well spoken. Your a great person with great knowledge and i thank you. Keep up the great work.
Awesome information here homez! Fuuuuk APT! ;)
Can you please tell me how much time will it take to fix this problem if I do this workout 2 times a week ?
My like button has been smashed.
Scott, this is probably your the most valuable video up to date! Thank you, great work!
Jeff cavalry watches your all videos but smashes disliked button in the end , Scott Herman watches all Jeff cavalry videos and smashes disliked button in the end.
very unique and detailed explanation👌👌
Hi Scott. Love the video. Can you explain why when we do things like squats and deadlifts that require us to “stick our butt out “. Really feels that my apt has been aggrevated by that motion. So should i not stick my bum out anymore or am i doing something wrong?
Lots of information but extremely grateful for the video!
I tried doing these things but i cant manage do to the no gap. Help
Great video bro!!!!!!!!!! I suffer from that
dude... just realised i have this condition. Thanks for the info, gonna try it
Scott are you against sleeping on beds??
Thank you so much man! Hopefully this helps with my annoying lower back pain.
Scott my man: if you would be a Teacher in the USA your country maybe had some lesser problems with overweight and other bodyissues. Thumbs up for another good explanation dude!
really thank you, for this information. I was strugglin to solve this problem without having a clue of how to do it, watching this is really helpful.
Really informative and great stretches + exercises! A buttload of great stuff in this video ;)
rounded shoulders next? :D
Thanks for the video. Can I ask a question? While I do deadlift (or tricep extension with a rope ), I start with the same posture as in the left photo on the thumbnail, is it correct? And will this potentially cause APT in the future?
Very useful, also found it to be a good stretching routine in general for one of those days off. XD
first, last, somewhere in the middle, doesn't matter, we're here and we're watching
You are not doing the community of girls in my town any favors since they all like to walk around sticking their "thick" as$ around lol
Hey Scott. I have pain in my Sacroiliac joint, not sure how I got that. Due to heavy weights?! What exercise shall I avoid until I get rid of this pain. Pain is felt only in certain postures.
I wonder if when I stand for a while then sorta do a slight standing crunch if that's why my lower back pops sometimes? Even with proper form deadlifts and bent over rows still hurt people with APT. Should they still arch there back on a bench press or will this further affect that
Please Turkish subtitle.
i have apt , winged scapula , weak rotator cuff , backpain .   every thing except gains lol 😔
GOLD
Thank you Scoot! I have this! My back hurts!  I've been workout out for along time and have not been able to Strengthen my lower abs and low back.  Thank you I will certainly start this tonight.  Really even planks hurt my lower back but now I understand why!
This guy has such a low level average bodybuilder physique how are so many people buying this?
Could you do a calisthenics series?
Thank you thank you! Showing this to my fiancée right meow
Ima start going to the gym, what should I know before I go there? I wanna train all my body muscles.
Do ever get hip pain when you do your ab workouts?
Really happy you did one on this topic. I've been experiencing problems with APT lately, and been working on the solution. One thing I would recommend as well, is sitting in the deep squat for like 30 minutes daily, but not longer then a minute, or two continuously. Keep up with awsome vidios.
Thank you sooooooo much!!!!!
Scott can you also do a video on scapula winging? Thanks.
As always great stuff man. 👍👍
Scott is THICCC 😍
Damn I never even noticed the thing about the knees rotating inward but now I know it's happening. I've had APT for a while so this is just the video I need!
Hey Scott What About Issue Scapula Winging.. Is Video Coming Related To It???please make a Video Related to it.. Btw. U r Really Awesome.. Likely Best Channel For me Related to BB..❤❤
best answer to fix it sumo deadlifts/deadlifts
Always love your videos, cheers!
I have been waiting for this video for ever!!! Thanks
Oh, subtitles, thank you, can't watch with sound right now. My lazyness gave me left picture.
6:31 thanks me later
is it just me, or does scott look jacked as fuck? btw great video.
If you have it very severely, your glutes won't actually activate!! I had to go to an applied kinesiologist and have him fix my neurological system. Here's a test....get on your stomach, bend one knee and lift it up, ask someone to press your heal down. If you can resist, ur glutes are firing. If they're not, your knee will go straight to the ground and no amount of bridging will work. 🤙
Can you please make a video on genetic abnormalities e.g, sunken chest and how to correct it with excericse
Wow these stretches actually offered some pain relief, thanks Scott!
Great video to sum everything up!!!
i need some advice for a general warm up. im quite often in other cities and cant go to the gym then. could you tell me some general warm up exercises for mainly the upper body but lower body aswell which help me getting the blood to flow and give me that kick for a nice workout (body weight only)
How can you tell whether you actually have APT or if your ass is just P H A T
Thank you so much brother! I really really needed this. Have had APT for a couple of years now.  Hope this helps fix the problem. -@andresgalanfitness
Please answer very importent I injured my lower back last week but it is a slight injury. It only hurts when I do core training but when I train the other muscles it does not hurt only sometimes but I barely feel it like I already said I feel it when I train my core. What is your advice Thanks and really awesome information as always 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
This video is PACKED with loads of great information so I will be adding TIME STAMPS below!  Be sure to share this video with your friends as I am sure the majority of them could use these tips to either FIX or PREVENT Anterior Pelvic Tilt!  Thanks everyone!    Need ONE-ON-ONE help?  Make a post HERE: http://muscularstrength.com/forums.php?pageAction=POSTS&subForumID=81&threadID=3986  (0:00)- Experiencing pain in these places? (0:58)- What Causes Anterior Pelvic Tilt (APT)? (1:59)- How to determine if YOU have APT. (3:32)- Cause & Effect of APT - Upper & Lower Body Pain (5:32)- Why is APT so common & affecting so many people?  FIXING ATP (7:06)- STEP 1 - Static Stretching (11:16)- STEP 2 - Strengthening The Weak & Dormant Muscles (17:11)- Integrating your new foundations in your lifestyle.   FULL 12 WEEK PUSH, PULL, LEGS PROGRAM!- BUILD MUSCLE & STRENGTH! - http://muscularstrength.com/Push-Pull-Legs FULL 12 WEEK MUSCLE BUILDING 5 DAY SPLIT PROGRAM: http://muscularstrength.com/5-Day-Bodybuilding-Split FULL 12 Week AT HOME Workout Program: http://muscularstrength.com/12-Week-Home-Program
Hi Scott, i returned to the Gym recently, and after my day of workout i feel my muscles sore. Can you make a video about how to properly stretch muscles after working out? (For example i dont know what can i do for my back)
SUBTITLES pleaseeee
Can you please do winged back thanks bro u helped me a ton over the years
Fantastic video, thank you very much Scott.
Just entered and i see 4 people saying first
There's nothing wrong with the "wrong pic" in the thumbnail. Scott is just thicccc 😏😏😏
I think I'm too early. Quality is only 360p. I should be busy but I'm not lol  I used to think it was attractive in women until I learned it was just bad posture. Now I just think they need to fix it.
4 one scott hermen   Plz one how to get big tricep in a month or in 14 days plz plz
First like, then watch! ❤️
That thumbnail though🙄😂😂🤣
1st
36th
5th LOL
1st
First!
Frist
First lol
