So incredibly sorry about volume of the music! Im still learning the ins and outs of iMovies and I promise you it’ll get better in the next videos.
I'm about to pour a countertop for my outdoor kitchen but would like to add a pigment to the mix. I think I would like a dark gray. Any recommendation for which product I should get and how much to use?
I hope that your cousin appreciated that lovely coffee table ❤
Music down, should be bubbling underneath not dominating. Sorry, can't watch...
Can I use the same melamine mold more than once? I'm saw something about only use them one time?
Skip the music when you are narrating.  I didn't come here to listen to music!!
fantastic
Fab 💖🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How did you get the tile grout to not move when you poured?
❤ this is absolutely beautiful!!!I can’t wait to get started on this project.
I did this and it was fine for 4 years til it split in two, made a new one with rebar hope it holds til the ends of time.
What type of dry sanded grout was used to make the design? I really like the idea!
Fast setting mortar may be too advanced for me right now. Is there an alternative mortar that sets slower?
Do you have the compass in the right direction after installed  ?
Great video im inspired.
That is so sick!!! Excellent
Thanks for the video! Can I ask, what is your logic for using the RapidSet Mortar Mix vs the CementAll?
I tried using this mortar mix, turned out beautiful, I stained it as well, and it was a sight to see. Let it dry for two weeks, Installed it on pillars at either end. Then, in the fall, a cluster of black walnuts fell from my tree, hit my concrete table. and broke it two! Now I have two standup tables🤷🏻
HI Michael. Have you ever tried a latex caulk for the seals, as opposed to silicone?
Outstanding video
15:16 da fuq? no.  just no.
love that autoboot top in the background by the shed.... :)
Where did you get the buck horn initial at? It’s a great idea and nice personalized touch.
Very kewl.  Would like to have seen a stain or color added and a protective top coat too.  Also, can you add glass tiles to the bottom first so they end up on the top face?
Creative art plus the humor; amazing!😅
Nice build, liked, commented and subbed.  Cheers mate.
I see a lot of scraped shins in that tables future
Nice great job.thank you👍 i will be doing a  couple bbq tops the same way🍻
Seen this once 5 years ago and youtube is recommending me this video since then.. In the future while on my death bed and this video will still pop up in my recommendations.
toooo much talk
I went to Home Depot for the Flow Control, but they have a 2.1 oz package and a .4 package (both the same price and in the same bin). I assume it is the 2.1 that you used. I have gone to several Home Depots, and I have only been able to get 4 of the 2.1 oz, but we need 18! The folks at Home Depot don't know why there are two packages. Any thoughts would be great! Thanks.
Very nice❤
Just waisted $160 in mortar based on this vid.  Do not follow anything he says about the mixing of this mortar.  Do a test run on a small sample first to understand what works.
great on-camera charisma, deep diving your channel now
Just made our first…… live it
Nice work
Very informative as well as entertaining I am a little concerned about the rapid set working it by yourself not being experienced. Just wonder if there are more that is just as good but sets a little bit slower. I’m retired and time is not an issue. Thanks a lot great video.
Finally someone who explain things like a normal person, great job and project. Using your technic to make my new Outdoor Kitchen countertops.
Keep your hands away from the lens of the camera. It’s not cute. It annoying.
A tip...  I've made two countertops using this technique.  In both cases, there is a discolored blotch (lighter or darker) the size of a pancake on the surface at the spot where I poured the mortar into the mold.  So when you pour in the mortar, I recommend that you do it slowly and move the pour randomly around the mold.
Hey, thank you for the great video! I have been struggling with my first pour, a simple 66x15x1.5” form. I am getting cracks forming during curing and I’m wondering if I’m waiting too long to start watering? It seems like it takes 30+ minutes to start “kicking” and then when I start watering curing I get cracks! Any input would be greatly appreciated!
Amazing ... if this is truly your first,  great job!
Please, please turn down the annoying music a bit so we can hear you clearly. Nice job!
Great tutorial
Dang dude...this is your first video? Very impressive. This is a great method, I'm  hoping to use it to pour countertops, hopefully a little thinner. Cheers!
Gonna try the foamy window cleaner method. That seems like it worked prett great
How did u get the design with the tile mortar to stay n place and the concrete not make it slide at all?  Was it glued down or?
Don’t know if you have already done it but if not I would love to see you make some free form pavers for a walkway or patio and maybe some fake rocks.  Love your presentations.  Easy to follow and you make sense out of the projects.
Great video and I hate to complain ..but  wow, who picks your music ?
Goodness what are the price difference from when this video came out to now 😂😮
AMAZING!  You nailed the whole thing at a fraction of the cost and hassle of GFRC.  And yes, I watched the hundred other videos.  I'm going with your method.  One question -- what color was/is the table after fully curing?
how can i get a marble effect on concrete ie with a high gloss
man what happened to your testerone
Why not do a concrete overlay on top of existing laminate countertops?
Great idea.
Very great video. I still have some concerns of not using any rebar, as far as I know concrete cannot deal with tension forces, only compression
I know, I know, couch professional here. Great project. Only recommend thing would be using a chisel at the end for the live edge she look, just more precise not to score too deep into the edge.
That plasticizer boggles the mind.
Good job.
Dude I've made concrete shit before that's aweslme
Hi,  Great work! How did the sanded grout stay in place while pouring the mortar?
Great how to video! One quick question, How do you prevent the mortar from over taking the grout?
Ficou uma mesa rústica muito bonita, parabéns!
You r an excellent presenter (in addition to your expertise)!💕💕
That was very nice hell yea brother thanks for the thought's on different things I can do I had no idea how strong that stuff is !!
Did you use the 2.12 oz rapid set flow control ?
OK, So because I didn't have time my father-in-law offered to help me pour a small slab for my wifes green house. I came home to an unfinished repair project, so my plan is too add an inch to the top of the slab to level it off and smooth it out.  I am going to use your rapid set with flow control method. The slab is actually only 6x12, with another bordered 4 inch concrete curb section for the outer perimeter of the greenhouse. I will extend the top of the existing forms 3/4 inch with a 1x2 since he didn't fill the existing forms to the top with cement. I am estimating about 5  - 6 bags.
I’ve watched lots of videos on concrete counters. I come back to this one each time and rewatch. Soon as I get this house I’ve been patiently waiting on, I’m doing kitchen countertops your way.
Wow!!!
I made one of these like 5 years ago as a bedside table. I stepped on it the other day to hang a curtain rod. It shattered and I fell. 😂
Mortar mix will kill you dead by yourself!!!! I poured 2- 4'x28"x2" counter tops. 6 bags, I used flow and set. Almost failed this job. I mixed the first bag poured i went to mix the second bag to pour the first bag was almost unworkable no time to vibrate the bubbles. Takes three to pour a table top. The table tops turned our satisfactory with a few flaws. Happy with the results.  Wow this mis is faster than i thought watching your videos.
Why rapid set mortar vs cement all? Any difference between these?
These instructions are crap! Took two hours to create the form and had to take the form apart to get the top out.
Great videos Michael... We just bought a house with an outside lakefront gazebo that had a little outdoor countertop made put of plywood - obviously it rotted - while exploring options I came across your videos and went for it. It's not perfect but I think the happy little accidents give it a rustic look which fits the location. Thanks for the videos
Not a good technique for edging. You want to use a facing chisel and when you strike it you don’t want you work piece overhanging. Make sure it’s supported or you could break off a large piece. Corners are essentially vulnerable to crack
Ok I followed the directions and it broke in pieces taking it out of the mold.   My mold has a space for sink.   Do I need rebar or something?   Concrete edge is only 3 inches or so around the sink
I've done this for a bar top & it turned out awesome! Thanks for all the great videos.  Question: can put something in this to make it White??
Awesome Video! Can you add concrete color powder to it without having any issues?
Today (7.8.24)was the first day I ran into your videos and you nailed it. I know this was five yrs ago so I have a lot of videos to see to catch up to your current ones. I was in the market to build a table ( honey do list) for the holidays.  Great Job…..
trying my hand at concrete and you would not believe how many other videos have referenced your video. very easy to follow and learn
gezus christ it is jason Born.. not it is a McGuy-wer.,.,
I just poured a 24 in by 24 in by inch and a half thick slab. I put down plastic on my garage floor and formed it it out of 1 x 2 lumber. I used one bag of rapid Set Mortar Mix, added 5 quarts of water, one bag of flow control. I mixed it all well in a 5 gallon bucket, poured it into the mold and in 30 minutes without even touching it, it started cracking.  edit; just realized I forgot to water cure.
Hey Michael! Thanks for the vid, very inspirational.  If i make a 60" wide × 30" top using this method, will a standard framed box support it? Or should the top of the frame have a plywood topper to support the concrete ?
Can this be used outside?
I built this exact table came out perfect. I did not do the stencil but everything else to the tee of how he did this came out great
Poured 2 8'x30"x2" countertops. Added flow control to the water first which made it a lot easier on mixing with drill. Also added 2 packs Rapid Set to each bag of mortar  to slow down the cure time with having to mix 7 55lb bags and it 85 degree here. Also added some chicken wire type wire to it to be safe with the 8 foot length. Followed the WD-40 and silicone in the video with no issue with sticking. Use my cordless Sawzall  to vibrate the form and the bottom and edge came out perfect. Also add black pigment to the mix which work out nice.
Hi there Michael, question when this mortar Mix dries what color is it actually? Looks closer to a white grey as opposed to a 6000 psi concrete which is a darker grey. Is this correct. Thanks mate 😊👍
Fantastic video… giving this formula a try on my new outdoor kitchen!  Question: how do you know how much mortar mix to buy?
How is it holding up after time? Thanks
Could be a lot shorter. Get to the point.
I've been watching your videos (awesome by the way) and quick question. Thoughts on embedding large bolts in the concrete so that when you flip it over you can anchor the top to the surface.
Im late to the party since this video is 5 years old.  But awesome.  Im doing this next week!
Live Edge Tip: Instead of using a masons hammer, get a 1” cold chisel and use any hammer. Allows you to control the strike point and cleaning up smaller areas to get the look you want. Be extra careful around the corners or you could knock off a bigger piece than you intended. Don’t ask me how I know this. haha (happy accident). Thanks, Michael!
How large can you go with this method? I need 25" x 144"
This is your first video don't let anybody tell you you're not good at this cuz you are
I think I should at least give you a beer
👍👍
Dope build bruh!!!
Love the caulking tip! Much less of a mess that a dry finger
Hey Michael can you still polish the top or will it mess with the grouted design?
hermoso trabajo lo intentare replicarlo saludos desde mexico
great video, im gonna start in my master bath, and I think im gonna do this for all my rehab properties?
Ma perché parlate così tanto? Metà del video, almeno, sono solo parole!
the music is annoying and unneeded
Oh, that is a really cool coffee table!  Lucky cousin!
Did YOU help this channel today?  Three simple steps.  #1.  Subscribe   #2.  Thumbs Up  #3.  Make a comment.  If you can't think of anything to say; Copy & Paste this message.  Thank You
Wow, excellent video.  Thank2
why did he break the borders, I don't get it.
What did you add to make it look white?
Wow dude you have been a life saver for my outdoor kitchen grill project! This has been by far the best and easiest counter top I’ve seen out of all.. many thanks 👍🏻👍🏻
How big can a 2 inch concrete countertop be with only the support from 4 sides? Meaning how big can the span be without it breaking in the center.
First off wanna say that I love your channel .....really good stuff.  So I tried this rapid set table pour.  Turned out great but the holes or air pockets on the top need filled.  You mention a "slurry " to fill these . What exactly are you suggesting being use foe this ?
Boycott the"corporate offices" .?
This is awesome! Trying it this weekend...
Hey Michael I made a top like this but the grout didn’t come out smooth on the top. There were divots so to speak in the grout. I suppose I could fill them in carefully. Any other tips you have for it to smooth as the rest of the top?
You are amazing!!! 😍🤩
If i don't live in the us and want to get my hands on that small bag of magic .. how can i find it ?
What color does the mortar turn when its fully cured?
It has been 5 years, has the counter craked or broken yet? Thats what I want to know.
Kick ass!
Great idea for a coffee table. I would like to make something similar but I would sand the wood and cover it with epoxy for a smooth shiny finish. I think that would look really nice.
Mal tu forma de presentar el video con la variación de tiempo en el comentario cansas
This is your first video? o_0 Natural born videoist !!! And that table is pretty sick actually! :D Depending on the final use of such a counter top maybe it's a good idea to pour resin on it, or "decorate it" and then pour resin on it, or put thin swirled color resin on it and then ... wait for it, pour resin on but a clear thicker layer. And while the concrete is wet you can lay a crossbar over the frame and attach something useful down into the concrete in order to make e.g. four holes in whatever shape you need. Beats drilling in concrete, right? :D
This reminds me very much of the first video by you that I ever saw
Only a fool would try and make a top like so. Just snap your first 😢 slab... What do you do with it. Besides, he called the surface imperfections character I call them ugliest top ever.
Michael gave me an idea!!  Genius
Great job, enjoyed the video!
wack your shin or stub your toe on that!
How to make a countertop in 1 hour.  Step 1, let the silicone cure for 24 hours.......WTF.   If you went to private school you ask for a refund.
Did I miss something, or is there no reinforcement (i.e. steel)?  What happens if somebody gives this top a big whack? Does it crack in half?
This is America and you can do what you want? Hah! Try smoking cannabis in public, in Texas! Or Kansas! Or Idaho! Or any of almost ANY state in the Union. Want to go naked? Try that almost anywhere! Neither of these actions hurt ANYBODY, but you will get arrested almost instantly! America is SIGNIFICANTLY LESS FREE than most European countries (if Cannabis is still illegal in some countries, we should know, that began with pressure from the US)…
What do I think? Don't quit your day job.
THIS IS AMAZING WORK. JUST THOUGHT OF A REALLY GREAT IDEA !!!!
beautiful ❤
When he poured what held the grout in place? It seems like it would just get messed up
Ditch the music.
Hi can one make a driveway like this?
To extra
Awesome, I'm excited about watching you.😊😊😊
Looks like shit
+1 just for the AMA SBK hat!
The mold doesn't seem level. Did that make one side thinner? also it seems the middle between the bucket was bowing?
Follow the instructions to the letter. Gently flipped it to take off the mold and it crumbled. Any thoughts?
That is awesome!!
Generic cooking spray makes a great, cheap mold release…
Great video! What do you use to fill voids on the surface caused by air bubbles?
Great video, thanks for sharing. If I want to make a white countertop, should I use white cement or a specific kind of stain?
Did you pour dry grout on the bottom of the concrete or was it wet and dried
You sound so much like Stevo...its insane...you could be his voice over guy in HollyWOOD....
My favorite cuzin never does anything for me but tell me his lady troubles😅😅😅😅
Spice it up a bit  🎉
how would one go about cleaning and sealing a cct that is pretty grungy and stained?
Giving it a live edge kind of defeats being so detailed with the caulking.
Your first? Like a pro!
awesome been looking for easy DIY concrete form for my kitchen counter this is the easies video i've watched, thanks
What a great video!  About to start this for a backyard bar countertop.
Geez I burst out laughing when you pulled the nail out with your mouth. Just right entertainment, thank you!
This is one “happy” guy
You should use wire mesh and mortar mix is good for blocks and bricks  not this
I watched This Old House filmed locally many years ago as Norm and the current host praised the use and installation of concrete countertops. They had a hard time getting through their speil without laughing at what they were advocating. I still wonder what incentive got them to spout such nonsense. Yesrs later a client had such a kitchen countertop and was really needing information on what they could do to undo the continuing failures of that top on ordinary use. I studied that 4" slab of grey driveway material and told them that there was no catalytic resin that would help and no surface treatment that could remove all of the stains and scars except to grind down 1/4" to expose undamaged surface, but that would only be the start of another cycle of dissatisfaction. Their only solution was to jackhammer the slab into movable sections which would damage the cabinets requiring their replacement. Massive design fraud. That this stupidity is still being advocated is astounding. The only attractive use of concrete is to embed attractive small rocks into the wet surface and when the slab has cured to grind the surface to expose the new terrazzo finish which then would need sealing. The only mineral type of durable countertop is decorative ceramic tiles. They make an outstanding surface
NOPE,,CAST IN PLACE...YES THE MUSIC,,,WHY..
Any videos on different colors or what to put on surface after its made  to make it shiny or waterproofing for use in bathroom and kitchens. Thanks
YOUR "MUSIC" IS OVER RIDING YOUR TALKING... I CAN NOT UNDERSTAND A WORD YOUR SAYING... ☹☹☹
That looks sharp! I want a cap for a firepit I just started. Any advise on a 48" OD 26" ID 2" deep ring?
I'm thinking of making one of these to put on top of my snap on tool box, currently it has a thin texturized rubber mat, which sucks for a writing surface. This will be so much cheaper than buying a surface straight from snap on, and build myself a new skillset. Thanks for the video!
That’s Awesome
wow.
This was an excellent video on so many levels. Your first video? My first concrete tabletop!😊
You made an amazing first video. Love your approach.
On something that heavy, do you really need construction adhesive? Besides. Moving it around in two pieces is easier.
Awesome video! Wish we coulda seen you give to cousin...I'm sure he loved it
I really enjoy your videos.  Have you ever done a Dry Pour countertop.  I would love for you to make a video on that.  Please post if you do.  thanks in advance ^_^
looks,  great.👍
great,   idea.👍
thank, you for you're helpful video. I, need to make a replacement top for my full side outside Pickwick table.
Great video... question, after you work the bubbles up, do you trowel the surface smooth again? Didn't see that on video.
I've watched all of your videos regarding concrete countertops.  I'm starting my first project and it consists of over 70 linear feet of countertops in a huge outdoor kitchen/barbque area.  None of your videos show pouring in place which is what I plan to do.  Do you or anyone have any advice that might be any different than the "pour and flip" method you use? I'm planning to use the same product "rapid set morter mix" and have already purchased the Z countertop edge forms.  Any advice for a newbie would be appreciated!
4yrs damn. Why am I just now seeing this?
could you use that mortor mix for a 4x4 stepping stone (poured directly on the ground)?  without the rebar?
I'm less than five minutes in and so turned on right now!  I may HAVE TO DO THIS!  I wonder how it would work if I added glass mosaics and / or pieces of tile to it..
Great project.  Nice pace on the video, really makes this project look very easy for the typical diy homeowner!
Great Video! You’re a natural in front of a camera. I just made an 8 ' bar counter top and it turned out great. I did add set control because it is 90 degrees outside. I also added 9 ga Ladder Mesh for reinforcement and a color additive. A couple of recommendations. Try to pour the concrete in a corner or on a side wall and never in the middle of another pour. That will make the color blend more natural. I had four 5-gallon buckets premixed with water, set control, and flow control before I began mixing the concrete. You will need a second hand to help knock this out quickly. But I completed this over a couple of days, including sanding and sealing. You could never do this with regular concrete.
Love that live edge.
Nice work and great finish
CAN THIS BE USED OUTDOORS?
Great video I'll make something like that in the near future.
I’m doing this this weekend for my outdoor kitchen can I add a color to this
Thanks!❤👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Best concert top making video I have ever seen!! Question could you use the "concrete all" instead of the mortar mix to get a finer top?
Great work! Great video! Could I do a different color grout for a design? Like a blue or green? Wasn’t sure if the rapid set affected the final color
The volume of the background music is annoyingly loud in several areas.
Thank you for this video.   I’m building an outdoor kitchen and I will be doing this for the countertops with the silicon in your other video for the live edge.    I did the dry pour for the patio and it turned out amazing.  Your the man.
Ok Mike actually doing a test on this today…over 70 sq. If it works..sections but joints expoxoy on all jouints feathered smooth. Inhale no FB friends plus I am in FB jail most of the time.
The video great😃 Going forward regarding background music: 1. If you have to have it PLEASE pick something that isn’t an incessant repetition of the same eight bars 2. If you have to have it, PLEASE turn the background music down to where your speaking volume is not overshadowed by the background music The information and demonstration was excellent, though😃
Your work is "Wabi Sabi" .....nicely done! You are a riot....love your parody and quips!
Michael, I’m just getting into making a counter top or table top but I am math challenged. How do you calculate how many 55lb bags yo need?
@michaelbuilds how would you join two pieces together for an L shape? or would it just be one continuous piece?
very sophisticated and funny editing ! well done. just the soundtrack can be lowered in volume and it's perfect.
can it be done in white? i want to make my kitchen countertops
No doubt the best DiY around for concrete tables.   I would sink a piece of wire mesh in the center of the wet concrete for added strength, other than that, BEST DiY you can ever find for this type of project.       P.S.   It really IS that simple!
Is this 1 1/2” thick or is it 2”?
The reason I subscribed: 3:08 mark "{but} you have about over 500 friends on {social media} I'm sure that 2 or 3 of them are going to help you install this.."
Very good video and great outcome  Really enjoyed it
Awesome Video. Just bought a home and I'm looking for cheap, but great looking builds I can do myself and this one is on the list, I'm looking forward to it, you made it seem easy!
wonderful!
Why are prices at homedepot blurred out?
I'd sub but you have a serious volume problem I can't get past.  Cool video thou.
Hey everyone.  I just wanted to drop a thank you to Michael. This guy has been super helpful. I watched all his videos and he gives great advice. He has given me the confidence to take on remodeling my floors and doing concrete slabs for a pergola.    Mike had been kind enough to answer my emails even when he has been super busy. I have very much appreciated it.   Thank you Michael.
For an outdoor grill top would y’all recommend sealing it to keep grease stains off?
Wow, your first video was why I subscribed, I assumed you were at this a while, must have forgot that 😂
Love your videos, they got me through the pandemic.  Hey, can you do this same video but with a dry pour?  Show off those new dry pour skills and how we can make the same table with no mixing!
First video with 4.6M views so far! That’s got to be some kind of YouTube record!! 😂 anyways love your videos! Can’t stop watching them!!
No support wire?
Thanks for the video. You were right, last video needed to make an attempt
Love it!  What else can I use to add designs on top?  Mica, crushed quartz, etc?  I am assuming I would then need to use a self-leveling epoxy to seal it and protect design.
I'm doing a 5x8 foot island, I'm assuming I should use reinforcements?
Soooo..... good video but where does the concrete come into play??
You are the reason I have to fight every day to defend my lifes work because of what folks like you puke out on line. How many people have been duped into trying your 1 hour countertops? And when these people inevitably have poor results they go on line and scream into the void about how concrete counter are junk. And they crack, and they stain and warp, and not one of them knows what they're talking about because they've been led by fools like this guy.  I was a stone Mason for 25 years before I made my first concrete countertop. I've spent everyday of the last 8years learning and evolving and reaching for perfection in concrete and I still have a lifetime of learning. I have a 5000sqft shop with hundreds of thousands of dollars in specialized often hand made equipment. I have a staff of like minded concrete obsessed monsters who wake up thinking about concrete before dawn 6 days a week. I have my finger to the pulse of the ever evolving world of decorative concrete and have access to the most cutting edge materials. There's absolutely no comparison between what this video displays and what the Artisans in my shop produce. This is a paper airplane and we're NASA. PLEASE. PLEASE. Do not enter into the prospect of making your own counters lightly. There's nothing.. NOTHING easy about it. And if you fail, though I wish you all the luck in the world.. please don't go on line and blame concrete countertops because of your short comings. If this guy told you you could build your own submarine and then you went and drown someone it's not submarines that are bad. It's your judgment.  I garontee there is a gifted passionate concrete artist somewhere near by and he or she would love to share their skills and hardwork with you. Before you fall in this trap. Call them up.
I can't believe it is your first video. That is too good to be true.
Hi, Michael, thank you for your video. it is very very informational. I learned a lot from them. I am new in this kind of work but your videos gave me plenty of confidence. I would like to know where I can buy the stencil for concrete (if the one you are using is different from the ones on Amazon). Also, what is the material you use or sprinkle on the stencil? Thank you again. Michael
Very cool! I'm doing this for our outdoor kitchen.
I love your video you are  amazing 👌💪
First time I made a countertop by myself that took two bags and came out absolutely perfect.  Second time I made one with three bags that had a lot of voids where the mixes were trying to set up between batches.  The degree of difficulty really goes up from two to three bags to the point where you probably need someone mixing while you are pouring.  I didn't use Set Control, but will try that the next time.  Great video and I'm glad I found it!
A natural ,great video!
Love the content but the music SUCKS!!!! And it’s too loud!!!
Great job!!!
Any particular reason you used that cement?  It is like 3X more expensive than the regular stuff at HD, and was just trying to see if I could go with the cheaper "regular stuff".
I think the sunlight must have really thrown me off.  I expected it to be a much lighter color.  Just finished mine and it's medium gray at the lightest.  I'll have to find a stain with a pigment or something so my wife still goes for it.
This is going to sound picky, but is it really necessary to use slow-drying silicone in the corners and wait 24 hours?  Can I not use a faster drying product and speed up the project?  Waiting a full day just for that seems excessive...
Tip 1.  Save one cup of dry mortar mix in case you do want to fill any unsightly holes.......  Tip 2.  One of my projects couldn't be made (length) without a seam.  I strategically placed a design feature along that seam.  Tip 3.  When the amount of mortar is close.....buy the extra bag.  Sucks being 5% short
Hey Michael!  Thank you so much!  I watch and re-watch your videos, really awesome!  I was thinking of using a small slab of concrete in my shower for a bench.  Do you know if this will hold up well in a wet environment?
I like the melamine mold but the rustic look isn't what I was looking for. Also I would recommend curing the concrete.
I apologize if you said it before, but I haven't seen it anywhere in the comments or in the video, but could you please tell me what size bag of Rapid set you purchased. Great video
What material is the mold made from?
Watching your videos - was inspired to try it… poured our own!
Junk
Thanks!
What were the dimensions of this table top?
How did you keep the grout sand in place on the melamine while you were pouring the mortar mix onto it?
If I need say a 10 foot long top. Would it still be strong enough to move  without adding reinforcement
I did this for the top on my outdoor kitchen I build for my patio today, and it could not have worked better. I got quoted $2,400 for a company to do them, I did them myself and it ended up only costing me $180 and a few hours of my time. Can’t thank you enough, keep the videos coming!
How does the tile grout keep its shape after pouring the mortar mix on to it?  Please reply soon, I want to do this this weekend.  The 25 thru the 28 of Nov. 2022
Had no idea it was your first video until you said it.  Loved it! You sparked my creativity.  Can't wait to try it.
Love Rapid set products, once while in Home Depot, the representative for Rapid Set told me to try mortar mix for doing stucco, and it works wonderfully well. Test it out on small repairs, and you will be pleased that it dries quickly.
Thanks!
Why do you use mortar mix instead of cement mix? Isn’t mortar mix used to do brick work? Does mortar mix have the same strength as cement mix? I plan on making some 36 in x 12 in stair treads. Which one should I use?
Tomorrow——
What an absolute badass!
Cracker of of a video mate, could you use the top as an outdoor table?
I did not mind rgwe volume   great job  enjoyed watching
Help!  Three tries on a small section 1’x3’. One 55lb bag fastset, one bag flow. Tried 3, 4, and 5 quarts. At 24 hours light beating causing  top to crack with light tapping to get notch form out of side 3x6”.  How can I make this more durable??  Need to correct before my mix flaw before I poor the whole job.
That concrete is now $22 per bag, can you recommend something  that cost less? Trying to build lawn edgers, thanks
Fantastic  video. Poured my first 2 sections of an outdoor kitchen this weekend and they came out amazing. Glass cleaner trick worked beautifully. Guess the Greeks were right. Windex  fixes everything.
I know this video is 3 years old... but I have a finishing question. If I want to make a top with a design in it (like in the video) How can I seal the top so the areas with the design are as smooth as the rest of the top?
Preferred the smooth edge, good video
Thanks!
Great tutorial!   You gave me the notion to build this...
Fantastic! Thanks for the stress free confidence build.  Beautiful project, great job!
I made this countertop yesterday.  Worked out just like described in the video!  Excellent instructions!  BTW...the Captain Morgan stance was performed.  Made the project go that much more smoothly.
Can anything other than Melamine be used?  I need 10ft long and will have to cut to boards but I’m concerned with the sides. Can wood or another type of board be used?
Nice vid. Thanks a low.  You could stand to edit out the fluff and loud music though...
Man, I was so pumped about doing this but I had a huge fail today with the mortar mix. Just stepped away from it to write this actually. I had the frame ready, DW40'd, siliconed, all set. I put in 5 qt's of cold water into my bucket and poured the whole bag in like you did.  Immediately put my mixer in at low speed and it was a rock! I mean within 30 seconds. I couldnt get the mixing attachment lower than a certain level. I quickly got another bucket, put 5 qt's in and then tried to take some of the mix from bucket 1 and put it into a new bucket. I got it at the right consistency, added the flow control but it was only half a bucket... I tried to add some dry mix from bucket 1 to the new bucket and then they both became rock hard. Im talking less than 5 minutes here. The closest home depot is an hour away and now im out 1 bag, 2 buckets and a bag of flow control :(
Man... I just tried to do this yesterday. LOL you make it look so easy. I'll have to try again next weekend. I followed your instructions down to the Spax screws. My question for you is, did you mix 2 5gal buckets b4 pouring?? I mixed  1 bag, poured it and then mixed the other, went to pour it and the first pour had already set so much I couldn't work it at all.
Great job! Thanks.
Thanks!
Korodur sells Rapid Set Mortar Mix in Europe, but for 60€ per bag. Is there a less expensive product in Europe that is similar?
Thank you for making this video.  I am going to be making my first concrete countertop this weekend and this video gave me the courage to try it.  You were right at the first of this video when you said other videos make the process sound horrible.  I was too scared to try it until I saw this one.
Instead of using grout for the veining can i use a liquid concrete coloring?
Great Video Presentation and product. I enjoyed your explanation, step by step process, and energy. Keep presenting.  I see a television show in your future 🤔
thanks for your video you are the best
I loved this video
Hi Michael. Great video. I am going to try and make a concrete top for my BBQ table. I have one of the ceramic grills and so will need a cutout. The original table top (wood - destroyed by sunlight) has 4" clearance on three sides for the grill. Is this a wide enough space for the concrete to be poured without being too fragile or do I need to add some size? Current table top is 72" x 31" and the grill is offset to one side.
Bra, I’ve been looking for this video by someone like you that doesn’t bullshit around but I CANT HEAR YOU OVER THE MUSIC 😭
Dont forget adding rebar or something to strengthen the cast
so at 3 years, how is that countertop holding up? I mean without any aggregate in it
Any tips on how to deal with ghosting or shadowing from the wire mesh? I haven’t sanded yet.
Question. When you poured the concrete you had two different consistencies the first pour was or at least looked thicker than the second pour and it didn’t look like you moved the thicker pour over. Am I crazy lol.
Been planning this build for 2 years. Any tips for pouring this in 90°+ temps? Summer time in AZ. Add more set control and flow control? Pour will be 48"x30"x1.5" so 1.25 cubic feet. Will be using wire mesh for support. Thanks!!
Great video. Really love the inlay. So surprised it didn’t move when you did the pour. I’m doing a similar pour but mine will be 72x40x1.5” with a big circle cutout for a kamado joe. For that reason I will add mesh reinforcement as at one end I will have edges that are only 3” wide so I don’t want to take any chances when we’re moving it. It will however have full support underneath once it’s in place. Few quick questions though. Why did you add 5 quarts for a single bag? RapidSet instructions say between 3-3.75 per 55lb bag. Did you mix both at once, thus using only 2.5 quarts per bag? Also, that adhesive you used, can it be undone if I want to remove the counter after or am I asking for trouble? I figure my counter will weight in the neighbourhood of 200 lbs, so I don’t imagine it’s going to be moving once it’s in place. Thanks.
Nice! I need to make a concrete base to bolt a park bench to, to install at our family gravesite. I've wondered how it could be pre-constructed so I can port it in to install quickly without the mess. This gives me a better idea of how it could be done. I love the extra little design. If you feel so inspired, maybe you could make a video on how to insert holes for bolts that wouldn't be a weak point for cracking.
How would you get it white
Please teach us how to do no-mold-needed concrete top on a patio table over glass
How many 50lb bags will I need for a top 8' by 2' and 2" thick? thanks
Can I use the same material(mortar mix) and procedure for exterior steps and patio using 2 inches of thickness. How durable is Mortar Mix for exterior steps?
Excellent. Very helpful. Thanks. God bless.
I am needing the actual name of the  partical board you use I can't seem to find any her.  PLEASE HELP!!!!
Love it !!!
I made I fireplace hearth with the same cement and suspended a rebar grid in it. For some reason the rebar grid has a ghosting appearance on the face. It is no where near the face. Is there a way to fix this or should I scrap the project? Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
A lil rough around the edges. This guy's going to need a back replacement doing entire projects hunched over. A couple of saw horses will do wonders for ya. Love the rustic look I was surprised to see the faith you had to stand on that thing after only an hour of pouring it.
TEREIFIC
Michael, how is the counter holding up?  The reason I ask is I am looking to make one for an outdoor kitchen and the supplier of ZForms, Countertop solutions states NOT to use mortar or a quick setting product.  I am not sure why they say this.  Any suggestions?
Yeah those instructions don't work. RapidSet's quality control has gone to he!!
I'm going to try.
I made one following you instruction and it came out PERFECT!  My wife loves it and wants to do our kitchen, but she wants it as white as possibly.  Any suggestions?
Just attempted this today.  Everything worked really well, except the grout just got pushed by the concrete.  So what we wound up with I couldn't use.  I can't figure out what I might have done differently.  Thinking maybe hairspray on all the grout...maybe spray that with water to give it more weight to hold it in place.  My concrete was not as wet as yours looked during the pour.  Maybe more water in that to make it thinner would help not to push the grout off as well?  Any thoughts appreciated!
This and my deep double basin stainless sink is going to make the most incredible fish cleaning and garden produce work station! Thank you for this excellent video!
Can you use the mold a few times? I liked video and was considering making caps for a stone wall 42’ long.
One IMPORTANT tip!!! I made a small vanity top with sink and faucet cutouts yesterday and EVERYthing went great! - until I flipped it out of its mold and remembered a mold must be made in the reverse image of the final product desired! :-(
You're just amazing
How long after the mortar is poured and de-molded, should you try for the live edge?  I am worried if I wait too long the morter might be too hard.
cure it for 14 days... double compressive strength
Michael, I have an application that requires the slab to be 1" thick should I use reinforcement? The slab dim. are 32" x 32".
Бетонная столешница не очень хорошо, лучше обыкновенная доска!
That was great! I’m building a bbq shack and now I know how the counters are going in. Thanks.
So cool and great job!!
Hi, any cement will do?  I don't know if the mortar you used is available in the Philippines.  Another question what usually used for seal coat?
I might try this for a top for my fire pit when not in use. It will measure 4'x4' x 1.5". Do you have any idea how many bags I might need and how much it will weigh? Might be too heavy to lift!  Thanks!
Great video, will be doing the exact same thing this weekend, stencil and all. Only question is, with grout being dry won't it move once you pour the concrete mix in? Or do you apply a little water after to harden it up? Any info would be appreciated @Michael Builds
So, how long after the flip can you seal it and what do you seal it with?  I want to build this around my outdoor grill.  So it will be exposed to the weather.
Would this hold up if used as a fire pit table top?  Thank you and awesome video as always!!!
If you want the mix to not get hot so fast and set up and gallon cubes  to mix. You I’ll be glad you did if mixing in the summer time….
Love it
Amazing 👏
Amazing work with the slab and editing with the video.
Very nice , love the design . Good job on the video!
my god, 2022 and this video has made my day! i've been looking for info to make a project like this at home, and with this i'm more than confident to do it :D       t h a n k  y o u !
No need to calk the box if your doing a live edge.
Thank you
Awesome job! 👍
Nice job, but you are ignoring the underlying first principles.  Concrete has high compressive strength, but relatively little tensile strength.  Any concrete slab laying horizontally will have an overhead dead load from its own weight and any other permanent load, and likely live loads coming down from above (snow load, people walking around, a car driving over it, or somebody sitting down on a concrete table).  When the load bears down or strikes down, the top of the slab goes into compression, and the bottom goes into tension, which is one of the main reasons concrete cracks.  The bottom goes into tension, and, lacking tensile strength, pulls apart, forming a crack.  The compression above the neutral axis (the horizontal center) is not the problem.  So whether your concrete has 5000psi compressive strength or 5000MPa makes little different.  The rebar goes in below the neutral axis (if the masons know what they are doing) to provide tensile strength in the lower portion, so it doesn't pull apart at the bottom, forming a crack.  With a coffee table, the loads are not so great, but the concrete is pretty thin.  Reinforcing bar and/or wire are advisable.  Anyway, nice looking project.  Don't dance on it.
What was the dimensions of the top?
DAMN! your first video????  EXCELLENT!
Excellent videos!
BOYCOTT HOME DEPOT!
Really good video!!
Very cool. God bless!
Love y you make things very simple for lady I am in New York and I have a very uneven wall a semi V ship kitchen and I want to do a countertop I have watched so many videos and your video is awesome cannot wait to do my project trying your way your method awesome teacher
Hi Mike. Great Job on the table AND your 1st vid! Fine Job! Question: I have children. How would I seal the concrete part of table?
Awesome video! Learned a lot.
You went 1.5 inches thick. The bag says .5-6 inches. Is the 1.5 inches for aesthetics or structural? I like the look of a thin top so I’d like to go .75 inches thick if it doesn’t mess up the structural integrity. Any advice on that I’d appreciate it.
Does this come out smooth like finished concrete or rough and gritty?
What is flow control called  or what is it, in Australia and where to source it?
Super work. I never tire of watching. Thank you
Woah!! 😍😍😍
How much coverage did 2 bags of mortar cover?  Not sure how many bags I’m going to need to need for 3x8x2 area?
awsome project loved it.
Just seen this video in 2022 and using this method for my outdoor kitchen totally awsome
I built one, exactly like this. I didn't use reinforcement and had cracks within 6 months.  A year later it was in pieces. 😕
Hi what’s the meaning of sanded tile grout? In spanish please 😳 thanks 😊
Epic! Could you use this technique for floating steps on a pathway?
WOW. Fantastic!
How long do you wait between the removal of the mold and applying the seal?  Also living in Miami, I can tell you due to the heat the mortar gives you maybe 5 minutes unless you add flow control and even then.
I love your videos! This will be a late winter - early spring project to do with my grandchildren. We need seats and tables for our fire pit, up at the cottage. I can't wait! Thank you.
thank you so much your energy is awesome and you rock thanks again!!
Can you use the rapid set Cement All to make a 3 inch table top? If so, is rebar needed for support? It’s a 40” x 60” slab.
So not actually concrete then… but looks good
Ive watched many of your videos and really enjoy them! Have you ever poured concrete stone veneer in molds if so can you use rapid set mortar mix?
Dude you are awesome
What was the measurement of your mold for the top? I only ask to give an idea of how many bags I may need when I try this out 8) Nicely done!
Awesome video. Thought you had a video crew and editors. Great info. Thank you for sharing!
Great video!! Would this method work for a single piece measuring 42”x96”?
Dope
Really good content, edit, etc.
Very good!
Would love to see some options for finishing the edges or tables and counter tops. Would love to see what options you come up with and why and what they look like.  Me thought you said you would show that in a future video in this video, but now me thinks I dont remember... :D
Thanks @michaelbuilds .  I learned 3 lessons. 1. Never make your frame lower  then you can pure in. 2. Too much water makes a HUGE DIFFERENCE! 3. Never leave the mold with concrete outside under the rain.
Wow! Your first video, awesome. I’m getting creative and your technique is fabulous darling! Can’t wait to make a table. I have a glass table that I want to top with cement. I was thinking of using a plastic on top of the table and making sides with heavy 1/4” tape. It is an oval table. I will attempt to use that mixture with easy flow for table top. If you have any suggestions, please let me know. MarYSol ❤️💯
😀👍
You did 1000% perfect brother , great video!!👍👍
You are hilarious!  Wonderful table!
I can not seem to find the Dry Sanded Tile Grout you used to make the design in the table top. Where can I find it at? Or is there something else I can use?
I have been wanting to do this for quite sometime, and as you stated, I've seen about a thousand of these videos.  This, by far, is the best DIY video series on YouTube.  You were made for this, and I wish you all the best in your continued support of helping train all of us DIYers out here on the interwebs.  I look forward to your next videos.
You lied. I still need to watch other videos because you didn't explain sanding concrete.
So beautiful
Sorry if this is a stupid question but can this mix be used to create a 'faux' finish over plywood? My old countertops have formica that is pulled loose and I'd really like to skim coat with concrete.
Would this work for a slab outside for pool equipment? Heater is 400 lbs.
Awesome! You made this concrete countertop build simple. Tired of the overly complicated videos out there on Youtube. Thanks, buddy.
You're awesome 👌
Thank you for this project explanation! I recently converted a sunroom to a bar room and created a multipart series on the process on my channel. I used your technique to make the bar top, which was larger than a single sheet of 4x8 melamine would accommodate so I had to get creative. I also acid stained and sealed the top in Glazecoat. As a high school tv/video production teacher, your production value is top notch! Keep up the great work!
Thank you for sharing you idea on how to make a Concrete  Counter Top in one hour.. I am on a budget and your way is just up my alley with the help on my sons...  I have a question I have this shell bathroom counter and the sink is in the form of a scalloped seashell.. Late 70's early 8o's that I want to get rid of the dips and scallop edge,, Is it possible to you your way on this old worn out sink that is fake marble that has turned yellow... And advice will be greatly  appreciated...
Hello!   Cool video!!!👍 Do you have a material list of what you used in this video?   If not,  could you please share..  also can you incorporate rocks in this material as a paver instead of counter?  Thanks!!!
Yeah so I tried the same shit after watching, and I don't know what went wrong, rapid set looked great ready to go did as quick as possible in bucket, by the time it hit mold that shit was turning rock hard already wtf?? 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Yeah like it nice work
Let see
How do you cut a whole for a sink?
Great video!! I"m on my third concrete counter top pour and wanted to ask if you encounter any large dark spots after the initial 2 hour cure. They almost seem like it's where water didn't fully dry or as if water pooled in those sections. Would this be from not flipping the mold over soon enough? Hard water? Any thoughts?
Did you add a white color? The rapid set i used is a gray color.
Building an outdoor fireplace w/seating area. I was going to buy granite tops for the sitting area ends, but saw your video and decided to do the concrete instead. You saved me hundreds of dollars... Thanks! The video was AWESOME!
Nice job
👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿💯💯💯👀
Hi Michael, I subscribed a while ago in preparation for what's coming up for me... We bought an old 1885 house in Michigan, and somewhere in the 60s they did a Cuban mahogany countertop which later residents ruined. I am using part of the original lower cabinetry and resurfacing a habitat for humanity sink base and adding a dishwasher, the other cabinets we will paint as well but they are staying in place as they were all built ins. My question to you, is if I cut out from the mahogany a shape of michigan, can I embed this in my concrete countertop and then still polish the concrete and cover the whole thing with epoxy?. The majority of the wood is good except the edges after I flipped it over. Love all your videos that I've gotten to watch so far and I just watched the one with the boot tray and that was very cool. Keep up the Great work!
BEAUTIFUL 🤩🤩
This is definitely the best video I have seen on making concrete counter tops and I plan on following your instructions to make a concrete hearth top.  I have a question, I'm in SoCal and it is hot as heck here and the rapid set is going to set up way to fast.  Can I use regular mortar?
the only quick set we can get in the uk is postcrete but that is used for posts in the ground
if you want to do this with cement would you put sharp sand or building sand in it or anything else . the flow control is about 41 dollar for about one pouch. im looking to make a table of 2m by 1 m which i would need about 3 to 4 of the flow control which seems a lot any alternatives ?
Maybe I misinterpreted, but this concrete sets FAST and I made the mistake of pouring one bucket then mixing the other one after. Took a good ten minutes to mix so definitely mix all together and pour at the same time! Mine came out uneven because of this. Also, pay attention to the height of the sides of your mold. My concrete didn’t fill to the top so it was tough to scrape off easily. Besides these two frustrations everything in this video worked great!
Lessons Learned:  Place the mold on a flat surface.  I had it on sawhorses and it bent the mold. The bucket of mixed mortar is 65 pounds.  Be ready for that, especially if you are lifting it up high to pour. Make sure to place the stencil upside down so it comes out right side up. Doh! Use a bag of Set Control per batch in addition to the Flow Control.  It gives you about 20 minutes of delayed set time that you will need. The sanded grout doesn't move around, believe it or not. 5 quarts of water made the heavier aggregate separate to the bottom of the bucket.  Several people seemed to have success with 4 quarts. Good Luck!
Great video. Question, when you poured the mortar, how did the tile grout not move?
Does anyone have experience doing this project and then pressing foam into poured concrete? I'd like to build a 2" mold and then press 1" thick foam into concrete right after it was poured to take weight off.  I'm making a 20" x 65" table top, that will have no middle support.  I see you can make mortar mix 1/2" thick but don't know if that would work for an open, no support table.  Thanks!
Cool shit man!
That looks super, and I’m wondering if that material and flow control would be recommended for my application.  I’m going to make some slab laying on the ground grave markers for our 1930’s and 40’s family graveyard back in the hills.  Need to do this while some of the family still knowS who’s who. I’m thinking 1’x2’ and about 6” thick, putting about 3” in the ground.  I have a CNC so I’m going do a raised carve on high density foam, carving a reversed image and place that in the bottom of the frame.  Using a vibrating sander and tapping to get rid of and bubbles.  When the frames are removed the lettering will be down into the surface about 1/4”.  Spraying a release of some sort on the foam and sides of the mold.  Does this sound like it just might work.  I’ll be doing some test pieces to get t working procedure.  Thanks
Not gonna need any polish nor penetration? Seriously?? You might ask your wife what a proper counter top should be. Easy to clean! Not only against any spots from wine or veggies but especially aganst bacteria! How disgusting to prep any meal on long time used porous, spotty, stinky and uncleanable piece of concrete.
Finally had the nerve to attempt this project. It just looked so darn simple and straight forward. Well not so much. LOL My project was a new top for a BBQ island. I just could not fill the mold fast enough even using the set control. Bottom line, I had a large ring on the finished side from where my first pour started curing. I was able to get kind of a skim coat over the top to hide it, so all is well.  I was thinking it would be cool if you did a "happy accident" video on how to creatively repair and or hide some of the accidents that we just cant live with and that some are going to inevitably make.   Keep up the excellent work!! Your a true pleasure to watch!!
I know this is an older video, but I've watched some of you other videos, and keep wondering if you could pour a floor with this same mix. or even make paver stones?
I've been watching Youtube for several years, never saw someone as inspiring as you.  Great job, PLEASE keep em coming
Mike can you help us understand what is a good thin concrete that can handle the heat in a pizza oven.
First video??  Wow!  Great job! Awesome presentations and easy-to-follow instructions.
Followed the model, happy with the outcome. Can I acid etch mortar like one would concrete?
I want to do this for a bathroom cabinet top... but I have the rapid set concrete mix instead of mortar mix - will it be okay?  I hope so.
enjoyed watching your diy! thanks for the ideas 😊👍👍
Wowooooo
ngl most of ur videos are fake or just a joke you turn the comments off on the ones that people realize are bad
The Home Depot links no longer work, it doesn't look like they carry this particular mix any longer. Did they simply change the label or do I need to find another product altogether?
GTFO..1 HOUR AND YOUR STANDING ON IT!!! I have been avoiding the concrete counter project for 3 years now and then you happened..Thank you. I will update once I go to the depot
Wow! That was really cool. Very genuine.
Can I use the mortar mix for a cast in place style of countertops???
How heavy is the courter top
Great video
I think I liked it better before you added the "live edge". Also, are you going to use a sealer?
I'm going to replace a old wood top on a bathroom vanity that has a vessel sink with this concrete top it's small 28" x 24" like to add some color swirls into the concrete & also seal it with a gloss finish
This is great….. once you mentioned Bob Ross, you had me…. 😂
Did the same exact same stew but huge problem. The grout washes out. It didn’t become part of the table. I flipped it and wiped it down and it all came out and then just had big divots where the grout was.
Have you ever tried Microcement ?
How do you keep the imprint you made on the bottom of the concrete more-or-less the top of the counter from moving when you poured the concrete into the mold
Personality plus, but also very helpful video for me.  Many thanks.
Great Job.  Especially love the pallet table frame.
I don't have Home Depot in my country, what sort of concrete mix should I use instead of Rapid Set?
After watching this video I felt confident building a 21’ outdoor kitchen and I needed 7 pieces of different sizes countertops so in order to be able to reuse the Melamine I spray painted the ends of the Melamine so i can reuse to complete my counter tops that I needed. And very nervous at first but luckily everything turned out just fine thank god. The wife is happy and I drink a beer and admire my work. Thank you Michael for making this video and making me look good with the family. Have a great summer because thanks to you my summer is going to be great. Oh and I also made a cap for my fire pit using your method and my fire pit looks awesome thanks again. 👏
Really enjoyed this video! You rock Dude!
This is so beautiful! How thick was the concrete?
Hey man, loved the enthusiasm and knowledge from this video. I was watching different how to videos and was really excited after coming across this one in particular as it gives me all sorts of inspiration! If you are needing ideas for more videos I would love to see someone come up with a really industrial style liquor cabinet that would encompass metal to the build and a video one how that assembly process would look. Hope all is well brother!
If I didn't spray WD-40 on the mold am I hosed?
Love your videos great job!!! Have you don't any with the "light" additive to lighten the colour?
Intro way to slow, skip the b-roll, blah blah, and get to the reason why I clicked.  Thumbs down bud. 😬
Wow... AMAZING!!!  Your first video 👏👏👏.  You are a natural.
I'm alone in my house watching this and I laughed out loud @ 17:13 when you pulled out a nail with your teeth.
Michael, how did the sanded grout for the lines and stencil not smudge or run when you poured the concrete over them? Seems like it would have pushed the grout and smudged it.
Can you use tyvek tape instead of the caulking?
Pure.. Dope !
Nice as fuck
I know this posting is older, but I have a question... could you do a small kitchen/dining table using this method? It would need to be bigger, so would you have to do any reinforcing? I inherited a table base and wondered. Thx!
Hey mate did you use anything to set the tile grout? Cool vid btw!
supee
very nice video - does the tile sand stay in place to retain the form why you are pouring concrete over it? - if you wanted to make it food grade, for kitchen counter top, would you still use WD-40 as an anti stick agent?
Like the edge technique. How does Rapid Set hold up to kitchen use? On the counter tops I have seen that used cement instead of epoxy grout, the grout gets eaten away.
Awesome work, and thanks for the info.  Best part of this video was your reference to the coolest person who ever lived, Bob Ross... Man he was so cool he pissed ice cubes.  Thanks!
Hey, is it brown or gray? It looks brown in some angles and gray in others.
Great job bro, your personality is great for what your doing,
I watched/saved this video about a year ago and I had wanted to have a project to create a concrete countertop. The opportunity finally came up and the results were perfect. The steps you provided were very simple to follow and my new countertop turned out excellent. I have already received several compliments and people can’t believe I made it. Thanks for your video!
Great Video Sir! 👌🏽
Awesome table thanks for sharing
GREAT JOB FOR A FIRST VIDEO! I love that table. Yes, we have a stack of pallets! LOL. Free pallets made our porch and ramp, the frame for our underpinning and other stuff!
It was such a great video but I need help! Is it possible to make a slab for my island and have a sink in it? Is that possible?
OMG, YOU'RE AWESOME!!! I had completely given up on the idea of having concrete countertops for exactly the reasons you describe. I'm newly inspired for my kitchen remodel. You're also a natural on video. Informative, clever, and fun! And btw, I built my bathroom cabinet exactly like your coffee table a couple years ago--rustic and cool... Unfortunately didn't think about having the concrete on top. Thank you!
Are there projects or scenarios where you would use a different concrete product? Or do you use mortar for everything? Instead of flow control, could you have just added more water to get the pancake consistency? Lastly, what determines when you should use a thick mix vs a more runny mix?
Hey Michael, instead of ripping all of the sides from one melamine sheet can you use 2 1/2 inch celluar pvc trim?
How did you pour the concrete without messing up your stencil?
Very cool. Love the pallet base... kept the character of the wood but unique design.
Can you detail a bit more the addition of water after the pour  How much how long in the 1 hr drying time  I’m looking to make a 10ft countertop out of 2 sections
Sik...
Any good advice for sealing around stones in a walkway that are coming loose and some cracks that run across the walkway?
Is this cement with sand ؟؟
Is it strong, can I put it on the tray?
DUDE !!! Well done video !!! Your subject matter could be ANYTHING and I would watch. Great Job !!!
1st off great job great video and great tips! How did you get the table top white. It matches our kitchen counter tops and it would make a great design flow from inside of tge house to the patio for my concrete fire pit top.
Hi - what sort food safe sealant do you recommend? I see that wd40 was used to quick release. Which is great, but I was to use this concrete counter top for an outdoor kitchen counter, is there something else you suggest or recommend?
REGARDLESS of topic, this has to be one of the VERY BEST VIDEOs on Youtube. Nooooo shit. Wonderful. Hat's of TO YOU sir.
Hey Michael I wanted to thank you if it wasn't for this video and all the videos you posted I wouldn't have completed what I thought it would be a really expensive outdoor kitchen thanks again from the bottom of my heart thanks again from the bottom of my heart and keep those videos coming
Dude that foam window cleaner trick is genius!
Michael My son and I are taking a crack at a small table top!!! (Pun intended:).   I really enjoy your videos and ideas.  I’ll keep you posted on results
Very cool from so California. I am looking into make a small kitchen pop , and considering this for one of the counters.  I am 15 min drive from beaches. This is my theme as well. Good job!
I love this video and your project. How did the grout stay in place as you poured the cement mixture? Any hints for me to avoid messing up any stencil pattern I may use? Thank you for the cool video. Very Nice.
Hey so have you every poured the concrete in atop were it’s permanent not a mold.  ?
When you added the tile grout for the design, how did the design not move when you poured the concrete on top?
Love the "Captain Morgan" tip lol
This technique worked awesome for our BBQ counter top. 67" x 35" X 2" thick, with a cut out for the 30" BBQ head. Used 4 bag's , I also used the "set control" packs for added working time. It came out way better than expected. Awesome!  I had a quote for $600 for a granite top. This cost about $130. Awesome!
Wow. This is one of the best videos I have ever seen. Thank you sir.
Love your work. Wish you were my neighbor. 😉.
Being that I have always been an "if you did not want me to try it, don't show it to me" type of person, I had to give this a go. I had never worked in cement products before so this was all new to me.  Being as this is for a NC Coastal home, I went with a turtle image. I had intended to use the grout to make natural-looking stone lines. The wind had different ideas and the grout wound up looking like the Carolina sand from a beach that the turtle happened to be on. I really like how it turned out.  And I plan to do a few more of these for outside. I do have a couple of questions though. And these may seem like silly questions...but remember...I never worked in this material before.  So question 1. Can I chip the edges for a live edge anytime...or does this need to be done fairly quickly after the mix hardens? I am tempted to try it...but as I did the pour yesterday, I am not sure if there is a window.  Question 2. Is there anything special about a masonry hammer for chipping ...vs a framing hammer? I get the curve of the claw is sharper on a framing hammer. Does it make that big of a difference though? Is there any other difference...like the hardness of the metal?   Many Thanks  This has become a fun project for me and my youngest son.
You reason for not using steel reinforcement is invalid.  The rapid set has a high psi rating, that is in reference to its compression strength. Its tensile strength is anywhere from 300 to 600 psi. So it doesnt matter if your concrete is rated at 100,000 psi, if its tensile is at 300, it will crack under stress.
What if I can't find any melamine? Do you have a suggestion of what I can do if that's the case?
Very nice, can the color be changed when mixing?
I tried to pour a top for a fire pit tonight based off this video.   I broke when I tried to remove it from the mold!  Any suggestions?  Based off your fire pit video I just watched,  I think I'll try to add reinforcement next time.  Would a layer of wire, like chicken wire,  between pouring the two buckets of concrete work?  Or do I need something like rebar?
Lose the music. Otherwise a great diy video!
When you used the colored tile grout was it sanded or non sanded type?
I completed my first set of countertops and bar tops this week. Seven pieces, totaling approximately 35 square feet. This video helped me through the process, for sure. There are some things that I would like to add, in the hope of helping others…  If you are pouring countertops, make mockups with thin strips of wood or heavy-duty cardboard (the kind that is almost like a thin veneer). Secure the pieces with a glue gun and mark the orientation of where and how it fits. Using a mockup frame allows you to adjust your form to account for out of square, etc. and allows you to build a form that is a perfect fit.  Even though I consider myself an experienced woodworker, it took me several days to build the forms. One reason was I knew that the form would dictate the overall success of the project, so I really took my time. My forms were somewhat complicated too- I had to allow for cutouts, etc. Michael kind of glosses over the construction of the forms, but trust me, you will want to take your time with it. My bar tops had curved corners, so I used Michael’s other video that shows how to make flexible forms. I used the heavy-duty cardboard from the mockup frame covered in packing tape to protect them from moisture and it worked perfectly.  I tried Michael’s trick of using foam window cleaner during the caulking process. Maybe it was me, but it did not work that well. I ended up running a Sharpie along the caulk line, letting it dry for a day, and then taking a razor and scraping the edges off. The caulk comes off the melamine well and I got good results. It just took longer than Michael’s method. Another thing- make sure that you cover the screw heads with a small piece of duct tape. You will slop some of the mortar mix over the top of the forms and down the sides, so the time that it will take to cover the heads is drastically less than you will take trying to scrape mortar out of the screw heads. Trust me.  I bought the mortar mix, flow control, and set control for the pour. Even though I had three people assisting me, I was concerned that the mortar was going to set up too quickly. In retrospect, I do not think I needed the set control. It was a moderate day (72F) and setting up too quickly was not an issue. I highly recommend the flow control- it's amazing what it does to the mortar to make it pour easier. I put a tarp down in my garage and spread out the forms on sawhorses, buckets, and anything else that I could find to elevate the pieces. I also made sure they were level. I used the recommended water amount, plus a little over 3 ounces of colorant. Another tip- pour the mortar mix into the bucket with the water SLOWLY- anything past a healthy flow can result in water popping up and out of the bucket. With the colorant in the water, this might be more of an issue than if you were using just plain water. The pour went fairly quickly- I mixed and poured 9 bags of mortar mix in about two hours. Watch the torque on your drill while mixing. Even at low speed, there's a healthy amount of torque on the drill that can spin it around and whip into your hands. Be prepared. After the pour, I tapped the sides and bottoms of each form with a rubber mallet and sprayed the slabs with water often.  I waited a whole day before I broke up the forms. With the use of WD40, I was able to pull the forms apart easily. Overall, I was impressed with the results. With a little help this process is much easier because you can have one person mixing the mortar, one pouring, and another screeding and smoothing.  A couple last tips/observations- if your forms are even slightly out of level, it will create a slight bulge of mortar on the low side of the form. This is problematic when you take the forms off, because the bulge tends to break off, creating an unsightly edge that will have to be ground off to make it even with the rest of the edges. This happened to me on a couple of pieces and has created more work to look its best. Also be prepared for non-consistent color patterns. The larger bar tops have these weird colored concentric rings that are part of mortar. I can only assume that they were created from the multiple-bucket pours, even though the pours were less than 10 minutes apart.  Overall, I think I had good success for a first timer. The videos definitely helped (thanks Michael!) and I wouldn’t hesitate to try it again if I needed/wanted to.
Great videos bro!
Great job...keep on truck’n...
Amazing technique Michael, great video. Good luck 🍀🍀👏👏🎉
So many useful tips 👍
good tip about the wd40
The window cleaner caulk tip is worth the price of admission alone. I know it's fee, but it's priceless
great video thanks !
U make it look so easy 🤦‍♀️
Hi, I would like to  build a surround grill island have any insight/ pointers for  me. Thanks
Fantastic video thank you. I am going to make my first bathroom vanity top - a little worried about the strength after the sink cutout though! Your weight tolerance test was an eye-opener (even not assuming you are massively heavy of course:P)
Music sucked
Loved this video, watched it over and over, typed up instructions and list of supplies, trying it this week with one of my sons. DEPOT RUN! Boom!!!! What better way is there to spend time with your kids, we both have 1 week vacation time to do this project and others! Hanging out in his workshop all week. Thanks Michael, you are a talented and funny guy.
Good job Michael!
Would you do anything special to make this bigger?  Like kitchen table size?  Thank you, great videos.  Love the fire table as well.
I'm a girl and I don't feel so bad about my used wood pile now. Great table.  I'd like to make table on wheels for a barbecue to put your meats.
Great Job!  You may have motivated me to give this a try.  Thanks Brother!!!
I really like your video.  You were funny, confident and you made it sound so easy to do. I would love to make an outdoor kitchen using this method for the countertops, outdoor tables and matching side tables for pallet furniture. Keep making the videos Michael and I will keep watching and dreaming that I can make it too. Lady with a dream.
Music is way too loud and annoying!
Do you think Rapid set would make good aircrete?
😎
Thanks for making this videos, how can I pour a countertop in place? Instead of transferring from the mold just remove the sides, it'll be great if you can make a video with this technique.
This was my first, I was looking for a home made plastic shredder.
Awesome video!  I personally don’t like the background noise especially the changes in volume.  Thank You very much.
Awesome quick build , had to sub after watching this video. Thanks for the tips.
do you have a video on making a sink counter top?
Love the rapid set products and your techniques
Go Tigers
GREAT INFO!!
Nice table, nicer gesture to give it to your BIL.
Love this! I’m about to tackle this for a coffee table and have a question. Can I get away with 1”? The concrete will be sitting on wooden supports which span the middle of table
how bout adding color dye
Great video! Where can i find the material  to make that design
Is 1'' top too thin for a built in kamado grill built in top? Could I get away with 1" with reinforcement? (Frame of table base is 1.25" square steel) Would it be safer to go up to 1.25" thick. I have poured slabs in the past for my kitchen and other projects. I plan on having the grill table on castors to move it from under the eaves of the house. The problem is keeping the weight down since the grill weighs about 250lbs, plus a slab top.
Great job Michael and I enjoyed you having fun and making sure we are amused
Everything about this video was GREAT!! You got a sub from me. I love how you did it SMART!! I had some of the same thoughts about seeing other concrete countertop videos. Great work man.
I wonder if you could take off the existing counters and use those as the bottom of your mold?  This would eliminate any measuring.
I really enjoyed your video, I liked that You explained it in a Way that anyone can understand. I’m ready to make a project of my own, thank you
Can I use this same method and use white concrete?
Michael, thank you very much for this video. A friend of mine was telling me about this kind of stonework as something we could use for our project. He didn´t mention all these important details to achieve the natural look of the countertop. I am also a Dodgers fan, so the whole video brought back some memories of the time when I lived in Harbour City, CA. Cheers from Vancouver, Canada bud!
That mortar isn’t at HD anymore
How soon after the pour did you start with spraying the top with water? Also, any tips on siliconing an angle that goes the other way?  Thanks for the video, subscribed.
Great editing too.
Adorable and informative. Could watch his videos daily. Teach me more please. No disrespect  to the lovely wife!!!!
How do you keep the grout mix from running when you poured the concrete
Well made and edited video. A few suggestions for those following these tips: - Make sure your mould is level in all directions before pouring and on strongly supported. - Add steel mesh or even glass fibres after you have the mix already poured on the mould surface. You may not need the added strength but it should not add much to the cost and you avoid the risk of the slab breaking while being moved. - Bring concrete/mortar mixture to the top of the form before screening it smooth. This way you have a smooth straight finish which will be easier to fit. - I would use less water as the finished product will be much stronger. Vibrate form for longer to reduce the number of air bubbles on the surface. - I made a sample mould and poured a 400mm square concrete slab so as to learn how this process works before pouring for a large Kitchen worktop.  Enjoy
Brilliant, brother, but please don't touch any chemicals with your bare hands, like the silicone caulk, the WD-40 and the concrete mix.  Stays in your body.
Loved this video!  You make great videos!  Can't believe this was your first!
Awesome!  How did you get such a white color in the finished cement?  I use the same product but it finishes out gray or slight green in color.
Amazing video .. I think I saw the video like a thousand times .. followed all the steps and I made one for my bar ..just amazing..
Well done sir. Make it even easier by adding some adhesive/fortifier to your mix. Then you don't have to sweat keeping it moist perfectly, if at all, and no cracks.
Literally one of the best DIY channels I’ve seen. Your videography is great and you make it seem so easy. Love the channel. My pocket book won’t. Lol. Thanks for the videos
What kind of dry sanded tile grout are you using? What brand?
Your how to do’s are awesome
Anyone have any suggestions (from experience) about how to keep the sanded grout from rubbing off once the table is complete, without changing the matte look?
Can I be your cousin? You probably delivers that to the wrong house. Haha. Great job this is amazing and just what I was looking for!! Nice to see an easily applied design.
Great video thanks.
If I go longer like for 10 people use should I put reinforce wire?
Awesome!  I want to build some circular tables.  I bet your cousin loved it.
2 QUESTIONS:  At 13:08, just after the unmolding and revealing, your hand moves through a puddle of water on the surface.  1. Should the piece be rinsed/cleaned?  2.  Does water at this phase fix the sanded mortar features?  (Our first piece reveals some whiteish areas and the sanded mortar is still powdered.)
Well, you're absolutely adorable. I'll be pouring my bathroom vanity tomorrow thanks to this vid! Wish me luck! :)
Apologies if this has been asked/answered but, how many square feet of countertop will a bag make? I want to try this for my kitchen but would hate to run out mid pour.
Loved your clear instructions. Really disliked the heavy metal, super loud frenetic music that sometimes was at the same decibel level as your voice. It's just not necessary!
Great products, even technophobe like me would love to make that coffee table, Fire pit and few bits and pieces, I am now 80 but always intrigued by the people imagination and the creations and how fulfilling that be to see the end product. but I can't get hold of flow control in UK - any suggestion?
Thanks for posting your method - super helpful! I ended up with some bubbles that i would like to fill. Do you recommend using the Mortar Mix to fill those?
We used this technique and had great success. No problems with sticking to the molds. Really no problems. Having the mortar thin resulted in almost no holes (total of 1 on an edge for an entire kitchen worth of countertops. I did the grout pattern on a coffee table and I will say that you need to use VERY LITTLE or you end up with holes. I mean very little in the depth. We added glitter to our counter tops and charcoal coloring. Turned out spectacularly. TIPS: 1. after it sets up a little go through and really clean the mold right up to the main pour. Some of ours were adhered to the mold and though we had no problems at all removing the mold, it did cause the edge to chip a little and wasn't smooth. 2. If you are pouring a large area have more than one person and more than one drill/paddle mixing bags bc you don't want it to get dry on you and it does quickly. 3. make sure it is liquidy enough. Only on 1 countertop did we pour it too dry and the surface wasn't quite as smooth in that area. (the others are SO SMOOTH) 4. mix up the colors. We poured 2 colors next to each other (2 grays) and it ended up looking really cool, but DO NOT POUR INTO A PREVIOUS COLOR. If you do you will get a circle where the new color poured through. That isn't pretty. (we did a practice piece and learned this.) 5. Make a small one first and practice. (we made a coffee table as a practice piece. It was fun and we learned a lot)
Jas anyone built  one of there
I tried making a top similar to this one, but the grout I used did not stayed in place after pouring the concrete on top of it.  Do you know why this occurs and how to correct it?  Thanks
i wonder, does adding concrete coloring weaken the structural integrity, if not, then you could give it a marble look by making the concrete off white, or pure white depending on your preference
How long should you wait before you start to polish if you decided to do that
I've watches a few videos as I'm going to start doing concrete counters when the guy gave me a 8k bid for mine. at first i thought this guys kinda weird..... then I remembered I'm kinda weird and I'm the coolest guy I know. Michael is right..... 1.) this is the fastest 2.) this is the easiest. Highly recommend this video, a great way to make extra money also.
Awesome Michael..I  hope your cousin loved the new coffee table.
How Can I make the concrete have a shade of black to it
this is good stuff and you are entertaining as anybody...
Awesome video bud! Have you ever made white. Concrete counter tops?
This video was great and informative.  You made it very simple for someone else to get great results.  In fact, I gave it a shot and made a Coffee Table for our family as well.  It turned out great and I'm sure it will be something treasured by the family for a very long time. https://youtu.be/O9EhvUOUpNY
I really like your attitude and your "Stuff".  I find it extremely helpful and plan to use your ideas on my own projects.  Thanks much!
Great video! What was the size of this top, and approximate weight? I was thinking about doing a bar top this way, but it’s a pretty large bar (7 ft. u-shaped), so I’m concerned it will be too heavy to even handle.
Hey there! Quick question.  How has the counter top stood up overtime?  Mixing flow control with the mortar mix holds up? I saw quikrete makes a counter top mix but reviews say you still need to add water.  What about using quikrete's countertop mix with some flow control?
I wanted to watch this, but the music was too much to handle.
The music could be louder.
Great work, great video, great personality,  great presentation.  I'd say you're going places.  Good luck.
is there another product to use to not have to wait so long for silicone to dry
Ok, excellent information and awesome table, but can we take a moment to appreciate the editing, angles and B roll footage of your video?!?!?! Incredible post all the way around. Definitely subscribed!
I just came across this and talk about motivation!  Thank you, my man.  Quick question about the mix.  Have you tried the traditional 80 lb mortar mix from the 'Depot and if so, what have you found to be the difference in outcome?  Thanks in advance.
That's is a cool and easy way to do it. I will be doing this project next spring thanks for the video.
Why do people thumb down a free enjoyable tutorial  video? What a miserable existence they live!
what size bad of motor mix do you need to get for this?
Great video Mike. I was getting sick of the over complicated videos too. I'm going to copy this with a 3 piece 1' counter top. The trick will be getting the concrete white enough to match the silicone! Thanks man.
Live edge was killer finish
Window spray tip. Awesome
What weight bag of Mortar mix did you use?
I am trying to find the sanded tile grout needed for the stencil design. The only option I see is to buy a large bag for 15 bucks.
Thanks for sharing.
Have you tried coloring the mortar mix???  Just built my first one today. Built a top for my fire pit.
Michael is it difficult to do ?
So I miscalculated and only got enough for half of my mold, will it cause problems to go buy more and just pour right on top of the stuff if it's already been sitting an hour?
you have great content.  Very good video.  My dad does concrete, he would love this video.
Hey, great looking job. Was curious if you (or anyone reading this comment) knows of anything I could add to the mortar mix to make it a little darker
can you put epoxy over the table top to seal in the design?
Hi Michael- I saw your videos and got hooked on the idea of concrete countertop for my new house. Had my contactor made the forms ( I don't have a tablesaw) and poured the most beautiful counter tops myself  ... I love looking at them! Also made a bench & used rebar for the legs . Thank you for showing me how to be a concrete superstar!!
Hi, Great Video, How do you get the grout not to smudge with the pour? Thanks
Great video.  Nice to see how few tools you need to do a top like this.  Any thought on a sealer.  I am thinking of doing one of these for my garden station. Should last a long time.
this is probably addressed below in comments, if your gonna chip the edge with a hammer why the need to caulk the corners of the mold thanks
bobby brady brought me here!
Very interesting! Thanks!
Makes table out of concrete: "I'm awesome." Realizes he has to move it inside: "Shit, this mf'er is way too heavy to move."
i know this making of the video wasn’t in one hour lols
dude that is awesome . I think i will give it a try. I built an off set smoker out of cinder blks and I need some thing sturdy enough to cover the fire box... got it now. thnx for sharing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElNThXvtJ18   Could I use this method to bond the two slabs of countertop once I have flipped them and they are in place?
I need to make it in a U shape...sort of, with the place for the sink??? How on earth could I flip that??
Well done video and you made it simple and easy. Your table top looks great. I think I am going to try this for a non combustible base for my pallet stove.
Michael,you said on this video you had videos on Making MOULDS ?? I need one for a ROUND UNDERMOUNT SINK.     H E L P!
Great video!! Very inspiring work
Hi, great video! I would like to know when you did stencil, what product you used. What is dry sanded grout?
Great job !! God bless you !!!!
Any tips for making this for 115'"cabinet island?
Dig the vid.  Great job.  The finish seemed a little light in color than I'm looking for.  Any suggestions on how to achieve a natural gray concrete look with your quick method?
Really good video
Could you add a wood grained texture to one of your countertops?  Possible by using peel and stick vinyl flooring.
..and then he f**ks it up with the hammer, lolol...
Great video. I'm getting ready to make my countertops. My question is can you and what you can use to color the concrete
Michael, I love your videos! Could you please do a concrete countertop with a farmsink hole? Or explain how to go about it? Thank you
These are the exact tricks I needed. Making a custom hearth for my custom fire place.
You're at a level dude your left side is higher than your right side that's why you have lack of cement on the left side.  You cant see that.  it's half inch dude that's a lot out of level
As far as the Palettes  Some come from  South America and are a very good  Hardwood that can be planed and sanded or heck even just sanded and is a very beautiful wood
Can i use this to do cast in place? will it not level its self out?
Thanks Michael, I’ve been looking for the perfect counter top for my man cave kitchen. Dude this is it! I may even try building the cabinets out of pallets. Awesome video!
Bahaha. Bob Ross
Made my first form over the weekend for a coffee table. Used the Mortar mix with Charcoal coloring. My drills were not up to the challenge of mixing so I rented one from the Depot. Flow Control was a godsend! Two bags were perfect, a gallon of water each, mixed and poured. Spritzed with water and waited. WD-40 before the concrete, and other Godsend, the slab slid right out of the form. Thanks for this great Video! Will tag you on Instagram on photos when the whole project is complete.
i had to stop watching within the first minute.  vulgarity us so trashy and unfriendly.
Created a bathroom concrete countertop and backsplash following your instructions. After many learning lessons i.e. never mix quick set mortar in the hot sun, I finished. I love it. I layered sea glass and poured mortar on top for the backsplash. It looks like a mosaic. Thanks
Awesome video! For a 9 ft counter top will it be strong enough to do one piece or is it better to do two pieces? Thanks!
Hi Michael, seems that since the beginning of the pandemic Rapidset mortar mix has become impossible to find where I live. Would Rapidset concrete work as well? Thanks! Excellent teaching job in the video by the way
Also is there a way to make the countertop whiter in color?
Can I level a floor with this mix?
Stihl chainsaw giveaway on https://youtu.be/daVAbQKvJc0 check out the channel
This guy has talent. Hilarious
I used this exact process to make a colored 45" round fire pit cap, 4 pieces 2.5" thick. Worked perfect. I used 3/16" mdf for the mold inner and outer circle and simply separated the 4 pieces with same mdf.
Great Video Michael!  It was all the info I was looking for and a couple of extra tips that I hadn't considered but will be incorporating.  Thanks much!
Can you use colored sand for the design?
Mike, great video. Made two countertops today. Turned out great.
Will non-sanded tile grout work for a pattern?
I want to make a counter like this for outside use to make pizza dough for my pizza oven do you recommend any kind of sealant to withstand the weather and food safe
Can you color this mortar while mixing?
Hi Michael, we poured a concrete countertop with the products you used. We are happy overall, but we have a few pock marks in it. Can you suggest a product to fill/seal these imperfections. Thanks for any input you may have.
Great stuff mate, but difficult to hear you from the back ground music/ noise 👍
Can you use the rapid set for making a sink?
Thanks for the video!  We are planning to do our kitchen countertop.   Wish us luck!
1st video? better than a lot of them that have been doing it for years.
Love this video man! Had me laughing and learning the whole time!! Thank you!!
Great video, Michael, but you forgot to add in the list of products, the one you used for the drawing, the figure on top of the countertop. Cinder what?  Thank you. And yes, the music was too loud, it was hard to hear you some times.
Just great, I've been toying with the idea of mixing metal, concrete & wood in a kitchen. I would love this as kitchen countertops. Quick question about how to mount a sink. Would you cut opening out or try to build form in the correct shape?
Do you have any videos on DIY outdoor grill Stucco process?? Trying to find a good gray/black stucco product to apply over cement board? Thx in advance
Michael.  Just finished my mold, and I did a horrible job caulking it.   I may rebuild before I pour.  This started to get me thinking as to whether or not caulking the seams is actually required?   Have you tried this without the caulk, and just using a stone to smooth the sharp concrete corners?   Or is the caulking required?
Can you use this method for a countertop with a sink cutout?  I saw that some people had it crack and break.
"This is America and I can do what I want" goddamn right
Incredible job.  I’m so excited to build some tops.
Nice job mate 👍! Sorry what material do you sprinkle ?  I could not ear the name  clear, Thanks !!
woooowwwwww !!!!!  ... 1000 thumbs up  .. well done pal !!!
Hey man thanks for your videos. I did my entire kitchen with these countertops and it turned out awesome! I’ve never done any countertops before especially concrete and they turned out great! Thanks for your videos! Hit me up and I’ll send you the pictures of the final product! bradley_perry@hotmail.com
I have a huge outdoor kitchen countertop to pour so thinking of doing it in place. I will reinforce with rebar since it will be 3inches thick. What type of mortar/cement mix should i use? I live in NY so freeze thaw factors to consider. Dont want cracking. The top will be sitting on top of a cement board resting on the island made with cinder blocks...will make a curved countertop
Be careful Canadians: the bag of mortar we can buy is 25kgs, which is only 55lbs so 5 quarts of water is too much.
Video looks really professional!
Dude....you rocked this. I did exactly as you showed and it turned out beyond amazing. The Flow Control was the ticket...as was the bucket scoop...$6 well spent. Nicely done.
Michael is there any way to make white concrete?
Excellent 👌
Michael, I think I love you...in a totally platonic and respectful way, of course. Yours is the second video I watched on concrete countertops and I'm not watching anymore.. Love, love your video. I am DIYer/rehabber and this looks very doable. I will be trying your method on a big ass top for a massive island I have in the kitchen.
I keep getting large dark spots on my surfaces. It seems like it's coming from the melamine. Any tips on how to remove them? Or prevent them from occurring in the future?
You’re going to kill it. Great video! Your first!!! Amazing
Your video was terrific and gave me the map to creating my fireplace hearth top. Captain Morgan lives on!!!
What is the size of the mold? How thick is the table?
Brilliant video.
I have watched this video 5 times between home, work and Home Depot. LOL. Trying this exact built this weekend with the compass and lines. For a shop eating table.
Is there a good substitute for rapidset mortar mix? My home depots in Canada don't have it :(
Is it possible to do a top 9' long ?
Why bother caulking the corners of you are going to chip the edge.  I think  rounded corners  look much better....
great video!  i'm definitely interested in concrete counters.  question, though.  how would i create the mold if my counter needs to run longer than 8 feet?  Do i create a seam and butt them together with silicone?  i obviously don't want to have a seam show in the counter itself, and any advice would be great!  can i lightly sand down any seam that appears in the concrete so that i have a smooth finish? thanks!
Very cool project. Love the coffee table. It looks like you were lifting the concrete on your own.  I want to make a concrete top that's 4' x 7' -  would two or three people be able to lift it?
Hi Michael, I’m trying to get an idea of what color to expect using the concrete you did. Would you say it’s white or gray?
GREAT VIDEO!!!
Fantastic video. Love how you break it down so simply that a newbie like me understands what the heck you are doing. Funny and informative - I'm all in.  I have a question that hopefully you or someone else can answer. Is there a dye or stain that can be used to make it darker?  I like that dark gray look of concrete. Thanks.
Can’t believe how legit of a bro you are. You’ve got killer energy, need you at every barbecue I host
Nice work!
Man 5 quarts of water is way to much
Love the video! Did you seal the concrete? Im building countertops and I’m thinking I should seal it somehow
Any suggestions for cracks in the middle 8 inches from both sides?  This was my third of four pours. The first one was to not enough water and I did not mix enough to get to the top of mold. The next one was the most difficult with a 20 inch hole for my big germ egg. It went great except I forgot to vibrate sides on the 3 and 4 th bucket. It was a mix 2 buckets, then pour. Mix another 2 buckets and pour. The third top was I though my easiest. 26x40.5x 2. The only difference to your rectangle one is that you supported mold on buckets and I had mine on garage floor with a tarp. The chemical reaction was hot. Maybe I need to allow air under mold and spray a mist of water?  Any suggestions.
Im confused as to how the tile grout doesn't get displaced when you pour the mortar mix? absolutely Beautiful table though! amazing! if you have a minute to respond i would appreciate it Tykaiiwa@gmail.com
Can i use this method to cover a wood table?
You did an outstanding job my guy. Thanks for the video.  Keep killing it.
Absolutely a natural. Thanks again.
Our local Home Depot doesn’t carry Rapid Set brand anything. What can I substitute for these products?
Nice work
Ever do on with beer bottle caps in it? Like for a bar top?
I need to  make an cadt in place     countertop  what would you recommend  is for my bbq island  never done this before.   Please help
Do you have to continuously spray with a water bottle for one hour, or sporadic?
First video?  Damn dude you hit it out of the park.
What are the dimensions of your shed
Mike i have been watching your videos since the first. I started out doing 1ft sq trials, six at a time diferent colors and designs. I just finished my outside grill 10 bags i pour in 4 sections though. I just finished a coffee table but notice your seem to be whiter when done, am i doing something wrong. Thanks and keep it up!!
Is there a way to stain this?
ear rape!
Man, You are Awesome! Lots of fun! Thank you...
I am looking to do this in White. Do you have any alternatives to using Rapid Set Mortar Mix? I can't seem to find it in white.
Where have you been the last year?  This is the first time I came across your video here on YouTube.  What talent and imagination!  I love the counter top/table top.  I think even I could complete this project and be happy with the results.  😊  (I guess the more appropriate question would have been where have I been?  ;)   )
Where'd you get that hat??
Awesome! I am curious a year out now, is the table still around and how is it holding up? Cracks??
THis was incredible!!!! Very good for your first video, you look absolutely pro! You show a great personality and you are not boring at all. Best of luck!!!
Bro you killed it great job !! You convinced me to make my own countertop just by watching this video you made it seem so easy and just using standard things you have around the house .
Well, I don’t actually have a Facebook account any more.... sooooo.... I guess I’ll just have back problems!   Kick ass video dude, I’ve binge watched your entire channel today, and am watching this video for the second time in 12 hours.
Thanks for the idea!
Where is the video where he explains why he uses mortar mix because it is so strong? Anyone remember?
Great video! I went ahead and gave it a go.A couple of my stumbles. 1)  the mortar is thick. My Dewalt 20 volt drills could not handle it, be ready with a bigger boat! 2) If the drill stops in the mortar, don't just pull it out with the trigger on. I makes a mess, friend told me that. 3) When making you molds. Pay attention to making clean silicon seals in the wood seams. I let the silicon get out too far and it leaves marks you normally would not like. Great Video! Thank you.
Great video!!
Amazing man!
I couldn’t believe at the end you said this was your first video. Amazing job, bro! Really well produced and edited for a first vid, or even a 100th vid! 🤘😜👍👏👏 I was going to redo the BBQ counter with tile, but wife wants concrete now. 👊
Can you use the mortar mix to make patio pavers using a paver mold or do you have a suggestion? I loved how that packet change the consistency to creamy. Thanks for sharing.
Fantastic work !! In your opinion, would a cutout for a sink compromise the strength ?
when you say DRY SANDED TILE GROUT...   i just want to be clear,  you used some tile grout, let it dry. Then you sanded it down ?
made an outdoor grilling station with concrete counter top.  Turned out well but the veins created with the grout are flaking off and not embedded.  Any fix?  I have concrete sealer from acid staining a patio; would that make sense?  Thanks.
Awesome job man!!! Killed it!
Just did this project with my son 5 days ago, and it turned out great. I only added 4 quarts of water, 1 bag each of Flow and Set control. I also am going to put my brand on the project after the fact with dye and a stencil. Thanks for the encouragement to do this project.
This is the greatest DIY video ever made. This guy has ascended to rock star status.
I went to do this and had tremendous problems!! After rewatching the video, I realized that while the instructions on the bag said 3 to 3 1/2 quarts of water, you used 5 quarts. Even with the flow control, I ended up with unworkable sludge. Wish you had said you weren’t following the instructions on the bag. To top it off, it was over 90 degrees when I did it and had NO working time with it. So I should have added some SET Control as well.
Love this video!  Quick Question...what is the color once it dries?  Almost looks white.
can I build and use a pizza oven on top of this? can it be used outdoors? thanks, love the video!
Hello! I am Mexico, love work and you
Great video! Keep it up
Great dyi thanx man you rock
Love it! New fan! Can't wait to watch more of your videos.
Holly crap, I see why its named rapid set, i didn't have time to mix 2nd bucket. I tried to work it out but won't know until I turn it over.
Awesome tutorial! Thank you!
I and a friend tried building a countertop this weekend using your methods to the letter. What a effing nightmare! Never again.
How do I make the concrete white
Do you have to use the rapid set mortar mix or do you just use that for time purposes?
This worked perfectly!  Thank you!
I tried this but the tops are discolored, can you tell me where I went wrong? Thank you
Awesome video! Do you have any tips on making a form for a sink insert?
I watched so many videos about concrete tables and let me tell you, your method is so simple and great, ones I'm done with my firepit floor, my firepit will have a concrete round top and my side wall will have a concrete tops too and I'm gonna do the same technique as you show in this video
What is the difference between using sanded grout and unsanded grout, and will both work?
Quick question for everyone . Anyone ever make the mistake of not spraying the mold. I did!! It still popped out super easy but looks like the melamine etched itself onto the concrete.. anyone know of chemicals I can use to strip this off?  I tried sanding but that is taking forever !!!
Still watching this in 2020 great reference video for creative ideas
My buddy and I are using your method to pour a bar top for my basement... We did a test run and did not have near the working time or consistency that you have.  I dont have enough service at my house to rewatch your vid at the moment, and you probably mention this, but how much water did you use? It was about 80° when we did our test pour and added about 4 quarts of water.
What minimum thickness would you recommend for the counter?
I did my kitchen counter top with the sink cut out and as soon as I flipped it the rails broke. What can I do to prevent that from happening apart from pouring and not flipping since I'm not a good trouler
very cool video and it looks fun, i'm doing a countertop was going to use an epoxy with pebbles but really like your idea and it looks a lot less expensive. thanks for the great video.
Thank you 🤗
Enjoyed your video;  it was to the point.  No need for background tunes.  Outcome of the project was excellent
I got a crack in my slab.... I clamped it down so it would adhere to the glue better and I cracked it... 😭😭😭 How should I fix this? Please help!
Well I tried... now I have a burnt out drill and a concrete bucket...
I didn't use safety glasses. Still turned out awesome.
I have a project that requires 6 bags. My first try was total failure. It sets up to fast. Any thoughts on how I can make this happen with this product?
This method is 4 times the cost of using a basic sand mix concrete and is not good for slabs with any holes. For example, if you're making a countertop with a hole for a sink, this will fail.
what a nice video thanks!!!
I am curious about how this table has held up a few years later. I would like to use rapid set for my next project but I am still skeptical about longterm durability without any reinforcement.
Michael, can you help? Poured this table yesterday, but the wet spot doesn't seem to be fading, any chance this goes away over time? Or do i now stain this table? And how can i add a photo?  Jeff - GR South Store
Great video. You make it look easy! Just finished molds for my outdoor bar using Michael's method. Just a tip. I used a tube of silicone that was already opened and the hole was quite large. I had way too much silicone on there and it made it tough to get it right in the seam. Made a heck of a mess! If you're starting with a fresh tube, keep the hole fairly small!    Thanks again for the great video Michael. Pouring the mortar mix tomorrow and it's gonna be hot here so will need to work quickly!
Hey Michael - I used ur recommendations for all supplies, and was shocked that my project came out beautifully! (First attempt to do anything like this!) I have a question though, why do you use the Rapid Set Mortar Mix vs the Rapid Set Cement All?  Another question, I screwed up and let me set too much before pouring the top, ended up with air cavities, made slurry to fill, and sanded, and it seems to have darkened my top. Is this normal? Anything I can do to get it back whiter?
How is it holding up now/still?
Great Vid.  I watched it last summer and just watched it again to put it into practice.  I have one question, can you use unsanded grout for designs too?
Would this technique work for an outdoor table?  It will be under a roofed pavilion but Michigan weather can be rough!
amazing work
has anyone tried this yet?  i am a bit hesitant to use mortar mix for a table top.
So you poured this and flipped it in the same day?
Dude this video is great. So helpful! I’m going to use this method in my kitchen. What would you recommend using to seal the countertop?
Dude that is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME you are a genius I really love your work and enjoy watching your videos
Could integral concrete coloring be added to the mortar mix? I think easily
NICE!!!!!!!!!!!!
great video, but be advised that stuff sets up faster than the video implies. with the packet I had about 5 minuted working time.
Turn down your fucking music so we can here you
This looks like a farm house coffee table I’m in love 😍
Nice.. bro... this is pretty neat.. i will consider as a future project.... will do the cement mix from scratch (white cement + white sand + aggregate) doubt flow control in available here...  👍🏿.. I must say pretty good for your first video
What do you use to seal it for use outdoors?
Are you able to make make pure white concrete   Tabletop with your method?
Rock it!
Bro you get my vote for top contractor videos.  Great tips. Love how you showed everything I can use rapid set for. They better be paying u big bucks for how much u praise them. Stay well brother.
Neat project.  Not a fan of the music though.
Fantastic build!   I might not use construction adhesive glue it to the wood frame. It would be much easier to move in the future and is heavy enough not to slide around. If it does attach some small bocks to the bottom of the concrete
Great video! Did a. Test piece (18”x40”x1 3/4”) in preparation for a larger project, a 30”x 7’6” bar top for a restaurant. The test piece turned out great! I had a few questions, when making such a large piece is would it be wise to add fiberglass fibers, or some kind of rebar or wire mesh? Should the thickness be increased?
CRAP
Awesome table, tell me are the molds reusable? Great work!
Awesome video! Would you need to seal a concrete table like this if you wanted to use it outside?
I followed your instructions and built an outdoor bbq area!  I did not do the inverted technic but it still turned out great!  It was hot though in Vt and dried really fast so had to add water to slow the cure!  It worked great though so thanks for the posts!
Hi Michael!  First of all, great videos!  I've poured a couple tops with success, but with one small issue that I'm not sure how to avoid.  Where I first pour the mixture into the form, I'm seeing a dark spot on the finished surface where the mixture hits the melamine.  I poured a second top as a test and tried to pour smaller amounts and across more of an area.  I still have darker spots where the mixture is pouring onto the melamine.   I noticed you have similar dark spots on the finished surface of the counter top in this video, although they aren't as noticeable.  Have you found a pouring technique that minimizes the spots?  I thought about putting another piece of melamine in the form and pour directly onto that and allow the mixture to flow out into the form.  Then I'd pull out that piece once the entire surface is covered.  I've considered using a small cup to pour small amounts until I've covered the whole surface.  Then fill in the rest from the bucket.   Has anyone else experienced this result?  What have you tried to avoid the dark spots?  Thanks for your feedback!
Adding the dry grout for veins looks nice, but does that leave voids in the finished top?   I’m making a vanity top and want it as smooth as possible with no area for water to collect.  Thanks, AG
Best DIY I've seen in a long time Bud. Your very thorough
Great video bro . Loved it very informative.
I used an 18 v cordless drill and it wasn't strong enough for mixing. I almost burnt the motor. It didnt male it to the bottom and the cement solidified immediately. Don't know how else to tackle this without buying a $150+ drill.
He said 1 hr!
Cool video.  I was looking for something like this because my son is wanting to build a cement map to mark hiking trails as his Eagle Scout project.  I thing we are going to follow your plan and CNC cut foam board to inset channels.  Probably with fill the trails with colored epoxy.   Keep it up!   Great first video!
Great information and what an incredible gift! Thank you.
That was the best presentation I have seen yet, fun and informative!
Over four million views, HOLY COW!!!! Was a great video, I will definitely watch more of your videos.
As usual.  Fire!!!!!
I think I'll add perlite to the mixture to make it lighter. Hopefully it won't weaken it to where I need to add wire mesh reinforcement. It's for a moveable table on casters that needs a heat resistant surface that can handle molten metal spills from pouring jewelry. Here I go...
Hands down best video on concrete countertop
video rocks, no marble or granite for me now, leaves a ton of change in my pocket!
Great job ! you make everything look easy. I have one question i was going to make an asian latern for my garden but I was going to make silicone molds could I just cut my wood to the shape I want and paint cement over it to give it that all cement look ? any sugestions?
You are hilarious! I just choked on my spaghetti!!! These videos are great! So informative!
Bloody excellent my friend. Greetings from Cumbria in the UK. Edited: just had a thought after watching this video a second time; if you make legs out of concrete too, it would make a wicked, ever lasting outdoor table with no worries about sun, rain or ice damage.  Maybe you could make some table legs of some type and show us your creation?
What is the sanded grout for the design. Do I actually have to sand grout down for the dust😂
Very good video and entertaining to watch.  Learned a lot and think I can make my own cement counter top for my outside kitchen.
Love your work
Tried this over the weekend. Mixed first 55lb bag with 5 quarts of water to start. I've mixed many buckets of mortar, so I'm not a rookie. First bucket set in 5 minutes, I was adding water and had to grab a nail bar to pry out my mixer. 2nd try. Started with 5 quarts water. Mixed the bag 1/4 of it at a time. Added flow Control at halfway point. Used over 7 quarts of water for the mix to seem right. Total mix time for 2nd bucket, maybe 8 minutes. I was worried that it was too thin. Nope, it literally set solid as I was pouring. Like a Wylie coyote cartoon. 3rd try... About to give up here. 5qts water to start slowly mix in bag of mortar. Add flow control. Bingo worked fine. Maybe a bit watery even.  Can't believe there is such a difference from bag to bag!
THANK YOU for making such a simple, thorough, ( but, not overwhelming) tutorial! I loved that it wasn't too long, showed all the materials , the steps & was still FUN! Question: How would you suggest "setting" the grout, so it doesn't distort if I don't want it to distort as much? I'm afraid if I pour the concrete directly on it dry, as you did, the mix will "push" the design lines too much.  PS Please keep making these vids! I do all the "construction" around the house and am always looking for easy hacks, fun things to do in creative ways. This was just AWESOME!
What is the thickness of the table ?
Great project! Is it as white in person as it looks on video?
Nice job.. it's definitely a table for a man's cave... edges to rough for children.
Hey I want to make a bar counter top. Using your method do you think I could have a 12” over hang? Will I need some supporting brackets and if so how far apart can they be?
Could you tone down your music a little?  I'm tryin' ta watch your videos at work and don't want to get busted by my boss but I can't hear what you are saying unless I turn it up and then the music blasts.  ;0D  Love your work and gonna make me some pavers and a river cutting board.
My new best friend...just spent 10k building a bar shed....countertops next 😂😅🤣
Any one else think this guy looks like Joey Fatone? Really nice job going to have to try this
I was scared when you gave the final touch - hitting the edges with a hammer. But at the end, it made an incredible table. Congrats!
Thank you! After lots of debating back-and-forth my wife and I decided to go with concrete countertops. So like all good home DIY people, I go to YouTube and I find this entertaining, funny, very knowledgeable guy who tells me I Will not have to watch another video. He was right! I just did my first countertop of 7 foot long and it turned out amazing! Thank you again!!!
Sorry I may have missed it but what did u make the pattern out of?
Great Video and Awesome concrete table.  keep it going. Lot of video's on here are good or ok, but the host is sometimes a little boring. You are informative and entertaining.
You are amazing and your videos excellent! I am learning a lots with you Thank you
Thanks so much for this video, we used your instructions and made a beautiful picnic table top
Had great successe with a bar top for my patio,   I am going to try a longer one next (9 feet by 16 inch).  I was wondering if I should leave it in the mold longer, worried about cracking it getting it out of the mold.
I loved this video!!!
would i be able to re use the molds for different sections/projects? thanks. great work btw
Hey question for you- why do you recommend 5 quarts of water when the instructions call for 3-3.5 quarts?  We made a top today follow your video to a T- but we did get a couple cracks.  We called rapid set and the first thing they asked was regarding how much water we used.   Just curious- Thanks!
Where can I find that cool stencil?
loved!
that was kickass! i'm starting my own home based business! i promised myself after the next 6 months i am going to be my own boss and never work for someone else if i can help it ! this is something i can do, end tables,coffee ,like the 1 you did!i'm going to sell at flea markets,etc. thanks so much for the inspiration!
Just finished my first top!! It turned out decent. The grout pattern kinda smeared though when I poured the concrete :/
Nice video Mike! You do a good job in front of the camera. I'm a handyman in Northern California who also likes to think outside the box. There are a thousand documented ways to skin a cat. But who the hell wants to skin a cat really? I've had many friends suggest that I make videos for some of my creations but thankfully I am a man with a face that was made for radio. LOL!  Believe it or not I actually do have a question. The pattern that you put into your slab came out pitted because you used dry materials to create it. Have you ever mixed a small amount a concrete with a colorant additive to a fairly thick yet hydrated consistency and tried to do the same thing with that instead? It's something I'm thinking about trying but didn't know if you may have already jumped off that bridge and if so what your results were like. If you haven't done it that way, what is your guest as to what your results would be like? I think if you keep the colorant fairly thick maybe like peanut butter it Mike stay in one spot during the pour possibly achieving a finish product without the pitted lines. But on the flip side if a guy mixes the colorant too loose it would just run Ambler the design you're hoping to achieve. This is all speculation I'm curious of your opinion. So thanks for any info you can share. Keep up the good work man!
It's safe to transport in a van to another place?
Wow, what a great video, little tips and tricks, entertaining! You're the best!
How did you get the white color?
Excellent job! Nice to see you're in Michigan,  I'm up in Midland!
I enjoyed every damn minute of this video. Subbed for sure. Currently looking at ideas for the front of my fireplace and this is it. Thanks 🙏
I want add that those Spax screws are worth every penny! I have been using them exclusively for all my home projects for about 3 years and have bought between 500 and a 1000 dollars worth and I haven’t had a single one mess up. Every box comes with the star bit to screw them in but I hardly ever use the one given as one bit lasts through many boxes.  I highly recommend Spax!
Any specific grout you used to add the marbling??
Just want to say I just did this yesterday and your video helped me a lot! Thanks for sharing
I liked your style and honesty. Keep it up.
What are the dimensions of that slab? Is it 24”x48”?
Great videos!!  I wish you would include an "estimate" of costs on some of your videos. I am always wondering if the materials are gonna cost a little or a lot when I am considering taking on a new project.
I watch ur whole video 🥰 such a Beautiful creation 🥰 I’m a Hav to find someone to concrete my kitchen counter 🥰 Great job on ur 1st video!!
Van you add rocks to this project to give it an aggregate effect.
Love it !!!!
Great job and good creativity  💪 💋
i like shortcuts and I usually try and add shortcuts to shortcuts, but I didn't this time and it paid off. This is hands down the best how too video I've seen. I read the reviews on the rapid set mortar mix and almost didn't use the product due to the short work time, but I trusted and followed Mike's instructions. The Flow Control is incredible. Plenty of time to work with it and countertops are looking great. I used some old quarter inch trim moulding I had with Gorilla tape and bypassed the silicone part (impatient and needed to find a shortcut) and and the corners look great. I did a test run with different trims and it's $20 well spent. My wife picked the edge she liked best and I became familiar with process. Used Canola oil spray instead of wd 40 and released easily.  Thank you Mike!
I'm now planning to use your methods for all of the countertops when I build a new house.
Michael, how do you determine the amount of bags you use for these projects? For instance, I’m doing a 4’ x 8’ x 2” table top shortly but I want to ensure I have enough bags before I start the point of no return mix/pour stage.
Michael there are so many comments in here to sort through so I am just going to ask.  How does the dry sanded tile grout Stencil stay when you pour the concrete on top off it??  I was thinking it would mess up the design.
What size is your mold?
Great video but how can I get a white colored countertop instead of gray?
This guy is fantastic! Talented and entertaining! I shared this video with so many friends. I actually think we can make this concrete slab! I’m excited!!!
Great video and very helpful, so thanks.  Couple of questions for you; 1.Can the Melamine mold be re-used? and 2. Can the Rapid Set Mortar Mix be colored in the mixing process and stained after?  Thanks
ARGH!!!! Love me some concrete.....MY BAD!!! Need to listen to you and not read the packaging on the Mix. It said 3.5 quarter. I now have a very nice 55lbs Boat anchor in a bucket. Live an learn. I actually drilled a hole in the block and turned it actually into an dock anchor.
Anyone know the UK equivalent to the mortar mix + flow control? Apologies if this has already been asked.
I used this method and they came out absolutely perfect.....except there are three dark stains where I poured the concrete into the melamine mold. Did this happen to anyone else?  I can’t get rid of them with sanding either.
This thing is awesome!!
Michael! Great work! My girlfriend and I literally just discovered you as we were researching concrete countertop videos.  Sooo my question: the 4x8 sheet of melamine isn’t wide enough to match our existing countertops...what should I do?
I just made a countertop for my kitchen island!! Very satisfied with the results. I would love to send you pics. How?
I made the mortar countertop but it broke can I repair it?  richardjean194@gmail.com
Could this be used as an outdoor countertop for my grill? I need two halves, one for each side.
I really like how well made this video is made. And I have seen a lot of how to's.
First video?! Kudos. Well done, Sir.
Making bigger top. Can I use both Flow and Set control together?
Great Video, really enjoyed it from start to finish and will plan on doing some of my own table tops in the future. Not only that its very cool to learn some new tricks. Your use of spray on foam window cleaner before troweling your caulk joints was great.Also the use of plasticizer to help the mortar mix flow was very good. SOmething the people doing cast in place counter tops need to remember. Thanks so much for sharing !!!
Hola! Eres un gran profesor, disfruté mucho tu vídeo.
Ur table saw should never be that high above the wood, very dangerous
Does anyone know an alternative for rapid set flow control? I can't get hand on it in Canada 😢🇨🇦
I wish I filmed my first 2 sttempts at this...everyone could see each and every step fail along the way...lol. Tomorrow attempt 3.  I'm starting to think Home Depot delivered expired mortar as the date stamped on it is 2018 and it says shelf life is 12 months. Never mixes smooth and absorbs all the water. Using the most powerful drill Milwaukee makes...so not sure what I'm doing wrong. I've mixed hundreds of bags of cement before and never had this issue before.
I would bring the background music down a bit. I had a hard time understanding you at times. I stopped watching the video about a minute in because of it.
So I've poured my concrete countertop and it turned out pretty great. I want to use your live edge technique but I'm afraid of breaking off a huge chunk. Any pointers? My table is about 8'x4'
Hey Michael, lady luck smiled on me today.  I've been apprehensive in making concrete countertops alone. Watched countless hours of videos and after seeing your video, I believe I can do it and if I mess up, it won't be as bad as if I followed one of the other approaches.  Thanks man.  Oh, and awesome video. Great personality and well thought out tutorial for us newbys.  👍🏼 👍🏼
Quadzilla vs E63 AMG vs Yamaha    https://youtu.be/uZGnRIDhoJ4
You really should wear gloves and a mask when opening and mixing the concrete. You do NOT want that in your lungs
Is it ok to add color to the mix?
Just built my first concrete table top because of this video!  Thanks for the easy to follow methods.
You proved to be practical!!! GREAT JOB
Before I saw this video, I never considered concrete countertops.  Now that I tried it and failed miserably, I will never consider it again!
You fucking wasted my time and money!  I purchased exactly the items you called out and nothing worked as you described.  5 quarts of water and a 55 lb bag of Rapid Set...  would not mix.  It just became a clump of wet dirt.  After adding the Flow Control, it did thin out, but after pouring it into the mold, it set immediately,  From pouring Rapid Set into the bucket of water to pouring the mix into the mold was no more than 15 minutes.  Rapid Set did not last 60 minutes before hardening, it was completely hard in less than 15 minutes.  $70 of supplies and 5 hours of prep for nothing (trip to HD, build the mold, cut the stencil, collect tools and prep buckets)!
We followed your lead and were successful on our pour. Thanks. Do we need to seal it?
I just did some sample pieces and my didn’t come out as white as yours looks. Has anyone else’s come out that white looking?
Can you make a sink cut out using this method
what size is this counter top?
Hey Michael I’m getting ready to try this in my kitchen.  Can you spell the wood I’m suppose to get for the mold
congratulations for your work. Where can I get "the sanded tile groud"?
Pretty cool, subscribed!  The idea of "making it easy" vids is great. Lots of overcomplicated content on YouTube.
If I’m using it for an outdoor table, does it need to be sealed?
Awesome video! We followed your instructions to the letter and turned out great. Unfortunately we made the dreaded WD40 mistake and now there is a 5” stain. I did make sure to wipe it but apparently not good enough. What can I do to remove this stain?
Question, I used your method on a bar top and it turned out great, but I added color to the mix and the first bag has a slightly different tint of brown.......any way to even the color out?
educational and entertaining.
Great video great humour! I liked it soon as the Heart comment lol
Sir, you have mad skills!  Thank you for sharing.
We want to make a 20"x90" counter top with a sink for our cottage property. Our question is would it be better to make it here in town and then transport it up north (approximately 7hrs drive) or make it on site (keeping in mind it is really rough up there and we have no main building, just a really nice bbq gazebo! 😉). Any suggestions?
Hi Michael, I have watched a million videos/ read a million tutorials on this topic, and have to say that you are fantastic!!!  Thanks so much for doing this.  The music isn’t too much at all BTW.  2 question I’m hoping you can help me with: - can you use “SET” and “FLOW”  packets in the same mix, if you’re doing a larger counter? - how long do you have to wait u til you apply a sealer?   Thanks again and hope you’re well!!!
This is your FIRST video? Nicely done!!!
Great video. You've got my sub.
LIKED.SUBSCRIBED!!! ...... and last but but not least bell on so I know when you put out new vids👍👍👍👍
So I'm 58 years old I recently had a trucking company and had to park all my trucks so I'm trying to figure out what's my next move and I've been watching a lot of these things on YouTube this is awesome thanks bro
Love your vids. Keep em coming! You're fun to watch :)
Michael...Awesome project. Question. The dry tile grout pattern, how do you get it to stay in place when pouring the concrete..??? Just pour it carefully ?
Mom: why did you smash your phone Me: in the video he said to hammer that like button so i did
Hi there! Love how much fun you are having making your creations! I am actually going to be doing kitchen counter tops and with your instructions I feel like i can do it!! I was wondering how dark the color actually comes out with the rapid set mortar mix? Is it on the lighter side? I was thinking I would have liked white but that is so expensive and out of my reach. Any tips would be really helpful. Thanks a million!
Micheal ,  is there a rapid set product that would produce a white counter top ??
My idea juice is flowing!
What a nice cousin!! Love it!
Thank you! Thank you! The best countertop video. You made it look easier. I am designing and building an outdoor backyard kitchen with western/ chuck wagon decor. Now I feel confident to attempt an outdoor countertop. Thanks. Todd-Phelan, Ca.
Wow!  You could make a fortune selling those.  That is beautiful!  What an amazing gift!
You are the best , simple , low stress , and humor to add. Thanks
Too much talking, less work..
is the silicone optional? or will it affect its ability to release once flipped over?
hey man....cool vid. You are a true artist and send off a good vibe. Enjoyed this vid.
Curious what you think... How would this work to make custom pavers for a walkway? How do you think it will hold up to freeze and thaw cycles of Wisconsin?
Love the video and technique! After trying on the first pour, i wasn’t happy with a darker circle on one side. After I poured this top again, I noticed two dark circles on either side of sink cutout. Bam! They were caused from the pour point of the rapid set. Weird I know. But exactly where I made both pours. I think I noticed one on yours also.  FYI
And if you're at the stage where you are tapping the bubbles out and suddenly remember you forgot to spray the WD-40 for releasing agent....  Can I expect a disaster at this point?
I've been trying to convince my boyfriend to put concrete countertops in my kitchen.  I may be able to do this now! Thanks for the great video!
I am not sure if you are still getting many comments on this video, but I do have a comment.  I was very skeptical of this method, but then again I've never tried making concrete counter tops either.  For anyone else seeing this comment let me tell you...this process works amazing!  I can not believe how wonderful my counter tops ended up.  I made mine for an outdoor kitchen and they are perfect.  I will say, it can be difficult though.  If you make a square or rectangle that isn't too big...it would be pretty simple.  I had 4 separate sections, all different shapes and sizes.  Building the forms wasn't that hard, but getting my templates perfect took some time.  The only other hard part was mixing all the concrete (mortar mix) quickly (I went through 9 - 55lbs bags).   Again, I can't believe how amazing they turned out!  Thanks for the great video.  I couldn't nor wouldn't have done this without seeing this first.  Thanks again!
Thank you so much. You literally added every single element to this table top that I want for the surprise outdoor kitchen I’m planning on building my husband. The countertop has been the piece that has scared me as I thought I would have to perfectly pour a smooth top directly on top of the grilling station. I feel so much more confident and I get the live edge I want without feeling like I need to buy expensive silicone molds.
U
I may have missed some else asking, but how does the concrete not move the tile grout that you sprinkled?
What if I would like it to have a different color?  Can the mix be colored or have stone chips added to it just before the pour?
Question: Is this application for a countertop appropriate for OUTDOOR use?
Hello, How did you break down and repurpose the pallet as legs for the top.
very cool video and really like the process...however i don't understand the need to run silicon in the seams.  is the mortor so fluid that it will leak out.  i wouldn't think so.
you have a new subbie...I'm in
Michael, first awesome video.  You have motivated me to try it.   I have completed a 48x48x2.  Problem is, I didn’t do the math correct.   So, I am now looking at a 1/2 inch issue in my one corner.  My total depth is 2.5 inches.   Do you Think that it would be a problem to add more of the mortar later?   Sorry for taking so long to get to a question.   Thanks again Michael. Please continue with more videos!!!!  I’ll help spread the word!!!  Brian.
Like it a lot !!!
I want to try this for a kitchen island counter top. Should this be coated with something for kitchen use?
I'm impressed!!! This was your first vid?? Sweet! Very very good...a natural YouTuber!!! I see in one year over 244 thousand subscribers!!! Incredible!
great tip on the window cleaner
I really like the outfeed wall behind the table saw
Loved it.
Awesome!
Start at 8:50 if you want to skip the Instagram shit.
Not sure how to add photos of what I accomplished because of this video. Hoping the longer I type something will pop up..... not happening. Thanks for this. Just built a pool bar out of 6X's. These will top it off nicely. Did 3 frames and 3 pours. Took them out of the molds a while ago, and yes I had to stand on them. I can't build anything square, so one end of the pour is 23.5 inches and the other is 23.25 inches - but I'm thinking it'll work. The only thing I realized I forgot was a hole for my umbrella, but plan B is in the works. Seriously, thanks so much for this idea. My pictures are so cool, sent to family.
loved the vid man! great job
Cool idea
Thank you for such an awesome video!  Just purchased everything you suggested. We are about to attempt to make a countertop for our outdoor kitchen. Wish us luck!
I love your Video! I have a request for you to make a pizza oven! I would love one in my backyard!
Great video! Do you have any advice for an additive or different mortar product to increase its heat resistance? I plan to use these countertops right next to a built-in blackstone griddle. They are known for kicking out alot of heat.
GREAT JOB  JUAST BEAUTIFUL  THANK YOU  GOD BLEES.
Do you recommend the inverted cast method for a large L shape bar top? I love your method and everything about this video (makes me more confident to DIY. I want to be able to complete without a joint or seam between pieces and am curious if can be done for a much bigger piece than in this video or the curved top video.
I've been wanting to build something following your videos for a while and my wife has mentioned a couple times now that she would love a concrete bench on the edge of our driveway. Score! The issue is I don't have home depot near by, only Menards and Lowes, which only carry type-N and type-S mortar mix. I definitely wouldn't mind a 60 - 90 minute work time and it would be fine if it sat all day, but would it turn out the same? If I ordered some flow control online, do you know if it would work with this?
I'm new to your channel..   But like the coffee Table for you coz was great & use stuff around most yards...  Keep up the videos
Quick question... Can you use any color of sand grout when doing this method? For instance, If I use a red, will the red come through?
That was great Dyi project.  You made it seem easy, which it was.  You were very informative, even the smallest details were very much appreciate it. Great Job.  Thank you 👍👍
Very nice camera work !
Great video! Thanks for posting it, I'm gonna attempt and try this for an outdoor kitchen counter top. I know you used it as a coffee table but I'm sure it can be used outdoors with same setup? Thanks again
loved the video...Go Tigers.
Just stumbled onto this,  in the beginning, stages of building a vacation cabin and trying to do as much of it myself, this is a cool idea! You're presentation is great too, your a natural :)
I know this isn’t exactly related but I was wondering if you’ve ever done a thin layer of quick set over existing granite countertops? Not terribly concerned with salvaging the granite and don’t want the hassle or the cost of uninstalling and making concrete replacements. Thanks!
LOVED IT!
Oh I truly enjoyed your tutorial. The easiest DIY by far. Thank you.
Hey Micheal you ever add any mortar dyes to change color of rapid set
Great content!  However I say "There's a fine line between successful humor and just plain corny."  ****
😃👍
Great informative video....done well ...thanks
Outstanding craftsmanship and video!
wow, it looks amazing! If I make 1 inch thick, do I need to put the reinforce (mesh) in it? I plan to do the surface for the fireplace?
What were the dimensions of the mold?
You can fix the volume very easy. Don't use music in the background. You don't need it.  Your videos are awesome without it. Give Peace a Chance. :))
Bro.. this was awesome if I see one more video of somebody making a flower pot out of concrete I'm going to gouge my own eyes out lol.... this was such a relief to see something creative and so useful and so practical and easy.. thank you so much bro and by the way your video skills are awesome I love the video .thank you.
I'm hooked! I made my first concrete bathroom vanity. My first bag of mortar never got out of the bucket and I burned up my drill motor. The second attempt, I was a bag short of mortar and ended up with a 1" counter with thousands of tiny pin holes (I guess I didn't vibrate it enough :) It did give me a practice piece to try my hand at the natural edge. Finally, poured it right on the third attempt. I used a plastic mixing trough, a bag of Set (because I'm slow) and a bag of Flow. I vibrated the bottom with the metal edge of my oscillating sander until my hand went numb and wah-lah, a finished counter with no bubbles and a perfect edge that I took my mason hammer to. Thank you for all the hard work making great videos. HGTV should offer you a DIY show. Matt Bashaw goes to my church and like you, he is an encourager.  Keep up the great work!
My man, just did this for an outdoor bar top... Worked like a charm... The worker at Home Depot was saying I needed PSI 6000 because the mortar mix is too weak... Wish I could send him the pictures... Thanks my man,  the step by step was amazingly easy to follow... 👍🏼
That is so awesome, and you made it look so easy. 👍🏻
Very well edited video. Very interesting and fun! Thanks 😊
Loved this!! Especially your reference to Bob Ross!!!!
Micheal, is this Rapid Set strong enough to do 1-1/4 inch thick to reduce weight,?   ....or could I float a 3/4 in plywood in the center to reduce even more weight?   ...in this scenario it would only be 3/4” thick on plywood and 1-1/2” think for 3 to 6 “ around PD the edges.
Good, very good!
Awesome job!!
How many square feet does each bag do?  I've watch your video several times now and I think I'm getting up the guts to try it out on some projects.
I stumble on your channel by complete accidental luck and glad I did! You're a riot to watch and passionate about the subjects. Great videos sir!
When you said this was your first video, I was shocked.  Nice job! Keep them up, I'll be watching.  I'm actually supper stoked to give it a try.
Freaking love it! Good job and great production!
I love it my brother, I’m joining! ✌️👏👏
I want to make one to replace the glass that broke in my round patio table only thing I'll make larger 38" to sit on  top of the frame with a hole in the middle for umbrella. Hopefully the frame is strong enough to hold the concrete top.
Never heard of flow control. Nice!
everything is okay until you ruined the edges... dammit!
How far can you safely cantilever an inch-and-a-half thick concrete countertop without steel reinforcement using the Michael Builds one-hour method? It will really be a table top with a pedestal base instead of legs.
Wow your first video love it. Thank you. Going to watch your other videos.😊
Nice!!
Quick question?  I always see the other video tutorials always using rebar or wire mesh of some sort.  have you ever seen a problem with cracking over time?  By the way you are a natural at these :)
Great idea, might use it for making an outdoor fire pit.
Not a concrete guy...gonna ask, could I add a pigment color and at what stage does that go in?
Can I add Quikrete Concrete Color to my water when I mix the mortar? I would rather have tan counters than grey. Thanks...I can't wait to get started!
I decided to try this for four countertops in my house.  They turned out pretty good, but I have some tips as I ended up with some cracks.   1. Don't try anything fancy.  I tried molding a sink opening and some cutouts, but the mortar broke.  Which leads me to... 2. If you add reinforcement, i would try smaller steel than rebar.  I added rebar, but the mortar cracked around it. 3. I found 4 qts of water made a better mixture than 5. 4. If you add designs, careful on the amount of mortar, I ended up with some big voids. 5. Be careful on the type of silicone and make sure it gets a good layer of wd40.  The stuff I used bonded to the concrete in many places, and I spent a lot of time trying to get it off. 6. Let them dry longer than an hour, the ones I let dry for 24 hours worked better.  Make sure to keep them wet as long as possible.  The 1 hour strength is good, but why not let it get stronger? 7. Make sure to have a really good 1/2 inch drive drill with a paddle mixer, or a backup.  I burned through (literally burned through) a cheap drill and had to borrow one, so I lost a batch of concrete and a bucket.  I mixed 10 bags total. 8. Unscrew one side of the mold to make taking the mold off easier. Good job on the video, and keep 'em coming.  I am happy with the project, just had some tips for any first timers.
Good job man... Keep up the good work!
Just did our first countertop today. 9’ long and it turned out amazing!!!! Thank you so much!!
Wanting to know, as that is exactly what I would like my concrete to look like...what, if any, coloring did you use?  I love your videos!  So informative and fun!
Did it. 7 bags. Not recommended without a crew. Rapid set is too fast and you won't be able to sink the rebar or steel or even level it. Maybe 4 bags max with one person.
Excellent editing tricks!
You did a great job 😁🥰
Loved it!
How long after pour do you tap or vibrate to remove bubbles?
Wow brother you are amazing and I love your attitude thanks so much , I learned a lot
Great job! Easy instructions to follow.  Can this ready set be used for concrete stair repairs?
Awesome God man you kick ass
Awesome edit
Can’t wait to try this
turn off the stupid music!
Love this
what kind of voodoo magic is that flow control?  cool video
what kind of voodoo magic is that flow control?  cool video
1:35 WHOOOO!!!!  MURICA!!!!
Loved the coffee table...how about an outdoor kitchen video of a concrete countertop?
The music ruined it for me, sorry! However I learned a lot!
Man this was fantastic! Way to go man. Thanks so much for the help.
Fantastic.  Guess what I'll be doing this weekend  :-)
How do you keep the design when pouring the concrete over it?
Michael you are a natural at this, very entertaining and informative.
awe some video you look like you had fun
this is so good!!!!
how would you make a n outdoor tomestone for a Buffalo bull that was shot from our herd? how thick, about 4' long 2' high curved top with his name BRUTUS and dates 1996-2009. Want it set vertically .
I hope you cousin doesn't have small children.  That live edge is a contusion waiting to happen.
I dont like Concrete tables so much for in the house but I think that somthing similar for the bbq area or garage would be sweet. I just tried my first concete topper for a column I just built. Hopefully it turns out half as cool as this one
Congrats on 4 million views. Bet you never expected it! Great video. Thanks
assuming I have a facebook. dislike and unsubscribe! jklol protip, the audio mix on this video is kinda bad with the background music. =/  edit: Excellent first video! Quality editing!
I think im in love!
Liked it ??? Loved it !!! 👍🏻🙏🏻  absolutely incredible 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
One thing though did he find out the position that the table will be in so the compass etching will point in the proper direction besides that it’s awesome
Yes if you put them in the same boat as we are , they would do thing a lot deference!
What that was your first video? I can't believe it. Every aspect of this was 100%
Awesome work from the "Mitten." Nice!
What if I would leave out the sealer? Would it make a big difference?
Your video was awesome. I really enjoyed it and you made the project look simple. I do have 2 questions though. First of all, can you add color to the mortar mix? And also, if I want a 3 foot square that's 1.5 inches thick, how many bags of mortar mix do I use? Thanks and keep up the good work.
literally a 1200 table.
The music man damn! Nice job.
Your much cuter than captain Morgan haha
Do you ever have a problem with the powder moving when you pour the cement?  I’m obsessed with this!!!
Question: if I used concrete color instead of grout do you think it would bleed into actual table. Second Question: I need to make a perfect 21” circle in the middle of it. Any suggestions.
Great video man! My lady and I are gonna make a vanity top just like this! Keep up the good work👍🏻
Good Job man. Knowledgable and entertaining.
straight forward no rocket ship
Interesting video overall but concrete and mortar are not the same. Maybe change the title to mortar counter top instead of concrete counter top.
Nice
why does't it put wire mesh inside. will not it crack later
You’re an artist!  Subscribing now
That is so cool man you amaze me thanks for the show
More talking 🙄😏
Could the mould be reused or do you need to make a new one each time? Thank you in advance. Great video and table top.
glad to see you're having fun while instructing!
May be the project is not amazing but I like the video soooo much!!! 10 thumbs up
Want to be my cousin-   Beautiful project
Your awesome.   Thank You-
We
Hey man, keep it up. You just gave me several ideas. Just need to figure out how to do this around a farm house kitchen sink.
He must not have any friends on fb.... I mean he did all this by himself 😆 Just kidding... Fuckin outstanding video brah! Kudos🤙
Would this method work for an outdoor kitchen in Buffalo NY weather??
PSA - DO NOT proceed with this product until you understand the elements around you.  someone posted about the temperature and setting time, please read and understand.  I watched this video on a smart tv with no comments showing so that's on me.  Bottom line, the mix was hard in about 8 minutes due to the heat in South Alabama.  the countertop was a total loss.  started over with quikrete 5000, all went well.  I would suggest a video edit for sure, great video but man I didnt see that coming.  DAMN.   Total loss $100.  That being said, you looking at 4-5 days vs the 2 for rapidset.  PROCEED WITH CAUTION.
Hi can you please list down the materials for our reference... Thank you
great stuff!
Annoying music in the background, grrrrr!
Very different from lots of others😊 I like it👌 First video? Hard to believe😀 Well done! Problem is now we need more!😀
great vid skills. you made this entertaining.
Awesome video!  I am going to try it out myself in the coming weeks for a custom bar top.  Question though...I want to try and incorporate some logos for my favorite sports teams like you did with the veining and compass image.  But, I want to do it in color.  Any thoughts or suggestions on how to do that?
Awesome job!!
Quick question: if sealed, could this be kept outdoors in a Midwest climate? Thinking about doing a BBQ grill slab table and this looks easier, lighter, and faster than concrete.   Great job, btw!
imagine kicking your toe
I am so amped to do this! You got me so pumped up
Thank you so much...I am determined now to make my own countertops..will send pictures when done..Since my kitchen cabinets were built by my son and I and are special sizes it is impossible for me to use any standard countertops..I did install ceramic tile which only lasted a few years..I needed something that will last forever and easy cleanup..I HATE the grout lines..wish me luck
Cool video Man! Thanks for great idea
will start by saying the obvious.  top notch quality professional level video.  will followup by saying, having produced/shot/edited numerous instructional videos and even a feature film that it is an extremely hard sell believing that this was completely produced/shot and edited by an amateur or a first go round.  i would almost bet my net worth there was help from someone with experience to get this kind of production value and edit by a first timer.  from the lighting to the audio its a pro job. if you want to respond i would love to hear your reply michael, i see you have responded to like comments already.  fwiw, my history includes resturant business, trade school and motorcycle mechanic, construction/gut jobs on old houses, film work for several years and medicine before everyone jumps on my arse.  does not pass the sniff test for complete amateur first production.  closing in on 4 million views in a little more than a year as well usually requires some aptitude in promotion.  of course i could be wrong, which would be astounding.  the project is great btw.
Man after my own heart I too have a big pile of pallets behind my shed. Matter of fact I got two piles can't have enough pallets there's always a use for them somewhere. 👍👍10 4
This is exactly what’s needed today and I see this was your first video, came out amazing! I’m looking to expand my DIY journey into more serious stuff like this one and I cannot believe how easy it seems to be. We’ll see if I’m able to! Now if we cannot find that material you used for the mold, what would you suggest?
Did the mixing tool fit inside the drill -  or did you have to buy a special chuck for it?
Come on man, we can't dig you out of that flucking busy annoying music, we're learning, we don't hear or learn well to busy music, or any music really.  music you don't want to hear is called noise.  It's  a great project and well done video other than the noise.
First time I have ever seen this channel...   Mike: " I promise this will be the last concrete counter top video you will ever have to watch." Me: "Ha! Bull shit! Also me halfway through the video: "Damn he wasn't kidding!" Also, also me 3/4 of the way through the video: SUBSCRIBED!
Very easy to do at least you made it look that way! Very nice table! Makes me want to do it!
Can this same mixture be used to make shower walls? And if so, how would you seal it?
This has to be one of the most helpful videos I’ve ever seen! Thank you for this!
Amazing job. Love it. I was search for cement vases and found your video, you are great and thanks for sharing your knowledge with us. I will still search for cement vases, but I already subscribe here and will keeping get some tips from you. Can you please help me out with some questions? If this montar powder is more resistent then cement, so is better to use this one in my vases? , and I don't understand about the little bag that you mix what this chance in the final results? and what kind of powder did you put in the design and how not comes out or mix  when your drop the cream? Thanks again..
Man I could live at home Depot. Every time I go there I start looking at stuff for jobs that I haven't even started yet. One of these days I'll have at least one of everything in there and my big garage... that I still need  😕
Love the flag scene.... Good job on vid
That was a great video.  Thank you for sharing with us and now I know what I'm gonna build.  The complete table turned out awesome.
Great vids!  Interesting, inspiring and entertaining!  Trifecta!!!
Anyone ever made a concrete ping pong table?
Michael builds, I followed the instructions exactly. Unfortunately, mine cracked in half when removed the mold. I don’t understand why this happened. Any ideas?
awesome project and great performance, consider never using the I'm a teen b-bop bubblehead music ever again..lol
Great video! Can this mix be used with a foam core insert in the middle of the slab to reduce weight?
Probably my new favorite DIY video! And it was your first!!?? Looked more like your 100th as far as quality and camera work, etc. Well done, Michael!
Dude... awesome video.. cant wait to learn more from ya
I can NOT believe this was your first video!! Dude! Your future is bright. I loved it! I am so inspired to start a project now. Great job!😊
Fantastic video! Thanks so much. Great job.
cost?
Anyone think this would work for concrete overlay over laminate? Or no is that not how this would work?
Very cool thanks for the video.
Have you ever incorporated a glass mosaic into a concrete top? My daughter and I were hoping to do this and wondered if you had any suggestions.
I didn’t see anything wrong with your cousins first coffee table...
LOVE your channel!   Greetings from PUERTO RICO!
looks like you dry shook the tile grout on , how did it not move when placing the mortar?
Hi Michael. I have a question. I made a countertop using this method and was wondering if you can paint it or stain it? If so what kind of paint/stain to use? I want to stencil the MI sports teams on it and then put some kind of clear finish as well. Please let me know.   Thanks for the fantastic videos they are exceptionally helpful. Keep em coming. MI rules.
Kill the music! I want to listen to what your saying. If I want music I'll change the chanel. Great video though. Thankyou
First video, Kidding? You are awesome...guess what...hubby just got a message from me with the link..."Mama needs new counter top...tops...new counter tops. And coffee table... Thanks for sharing! (No prob with the background music and volume here.) ...and yes, Bob Ross rules!
I just came across by your video today, as a designer I am always loved working with my hands, learned basic sculpture during my studies but opted for graphics. This is simply great! You are Good man! I loved your presentation and technical skills. I wanted to point out one thing which bothered me the difference in volume of your voice over and music, but you have mentioned it yourself!
Man!!! YOU ARE SO COOL!!!!!!!!!
Mortar Mix is not concrete, tho. You just basically made a cement countertop. Not that that would matter to most folks, most people fail to differentiate between concrete and cement. But besides that, interesting vid.
What wireless mic did you use?
@Michael builds I'm wondering what your thoughts are on placing some bolts in the concrete while it sets for additional stability attaching the legs? I'm planning on building a concrete tabletop that will hold a pretty expensive PC and I'm sure the adhesive will work fine but I'd like to be extra sure, lol. Also, thanks you for your videos, I've learned a lot and really enjoy them.
Great Vid!
Wow...awesome...thanks for posting....I"m a try making a outdoor bench using this technique... :)
Wow! I am trying this myself!  Thank you for the step by step process!
Michael great videos I am going to have a go at one of these ones I am allowed to fly home, quick question do you have any information for the products that I can buy to use that are available in the UK. As you say the mortar you use is only available in depot an american store
This was awesome!!! I would have loved to see your cousin's reaction when you gave him such a cool and thoughtful gift!
Thank you for showing me this, amazing.
Loved this video, cant wait to show my hubby this..this video is your first? Cant hardly believe it. I have always wanted a countertop like this..even old ppl can do this one I think..
What are your bench dimensions?
#DataDiggerDon Says...Your first instructive video was Awesome Dude!. I thought about creating a cement countertop a few years back .But having to go in for open-heart surgery put a damper on that idea. Now that I am healed up I think it’s time that I make that cement countertops. Please keep creating awesome instructive videos.  Regards  Don Reykdal ( AKA  #DataDiggerDon )
This was your first video?  You're a natural.
Outstanding job. If this is your first video I can't wait to see what you'll do with experience.
Very entertaining and informative video Mike. How would you price and break it down it is my question, using this as an example? Appreciated.
Are you married? Lol I’m kidding but DAMN, you made this project seem doable and, like F-U-N.  I want to do this for my kitchen island but it has a sink...... anything we can do to create the opening for the sink???
Very nice
Nice video. Thinking of doing this for my outdoor pizza oven. Would that work? Can the concrete handle the heat?
Great product from Carr Lane
keep making videos. You have a great style.
Extremely well done.  Builder of many years. Truly enjoyed
Hey Mike...Have you done this for bathroom countertops yet? If so, post a video/Tutorial on how to cut or place the sink holes. Thank you and your video is super easy to follow.
LOVED THE VIDEO,  but please turn down the background music!  Thanks much for the educational video, you did AWESOME!
You do a good presentation! Easily understood. God bless!
You can also use water and soap for the silicone
@buildsMichael , How do you keep the grout (design) from moving away when you poor the motar mix?
Hi Michael, what could be a substitute for the flow control? I’m in the UK and can’t seem to find anything of the sort for the quick setting sand and cement mix ( Jetcem ) ?
This is awesome!!! Thanks
What a nice cousin. I want to see your cousin's reaction. lol
Cool job
THANK YOU for this!! I have been dreaming of having concrete countertops way back when Cheng and Rhodes were entering the game! Your video and instruction is not only entertaining but does make it so simple and gives me the confidence to move forward with this project in my kitchen.
Righteous table. I have a metal table frame just crying for a top like that. Perfect project for covid-19 lockdown.
Thank you so much for the video ! Clear and having good time to watch and enjoy !!!  I cant find in my country the "flow control" product...I still looking for.
Excellent!  Enjoyed the whole lesson. Thank you!
This is awesome! Great video. Can this be used as is for outdoor use or do you need to put a sealant on it?
what a great video !!! Thank you very much for bringing your GREAT energy into this project.   I am ready to hit HOME DEPOT this afternoon!!!
Want to try this but having trouble finding the 4x8 board. Do I need to order it?
That's cool as hell!  I'm coming over we need to make about ten more of those.
Michael, Awesome video...  You have motivated me to give it a try.  I have one question..  I am looking to create a base for a homemade pizza oven.  the base i need to set it on would be roughly 40x40 inches.  Would that be a problem using your rapid set method?  and it would still take a large amount of weight?  Thank you so much for your help.  Brian
Very cool
This was your first video. Wow! I learned a lot and it had some awesome camera shots. It was funny and very well edited also. Well done, Sir.
i loved this
Great video, I'm not sure if I believe that its your first one. LOL Where are you at with the Tigers D? I'm in Clinton Twp, just North of Detroit
Can I amke a suggestion about hte music? While your talking, no music. Use the music when your showing a montage of your work when you have no voice over :)
Really liked your video man it was great! How could you make a flag out of that coffee table?  Any ideas cuz I do live in Texas!
I cannot wait until I try this in the next six weeks or so.  Dream come true!  =)
Fantastic! Thank you
The video is pretty good, but the music getting really loud and really soft and you're talking very soft isn't a good combination. It's better and my view to be able to hear you talk and I don't need to hear any music in the background. That's my opinion
Sweet job  Love the live edge
Michael, thanks for the vid. Question for you please: I followed your guidance to do a 18x40 slab, I used the sanded grout technique to make it look grainy like natural stone but I think I put too much because when I flipped over my slab it looks as if some of the sand is just wiping away. 2 questions: do you think I could put a sealer on top to make the sanded grout grain lines stay in place and do you think if I want them out that I could just dig out the sand from the cracks and re fill those cracks with something to make a level concrete surface?  Thanks
one of the best videos I've watched.  You have what it takes to keep this entertaining as well. Now lets see if I can master this. Thank you.
Man, what a great video and an amazing job for your first one! So, I'm a journeyman level Union Carpenter that has spent a minute working with concrete but not doing stuff like this. I literally learned a couple really basic tips here like the glass cleaner with silicone... no more masking tape?? What!?   As an avid sport bike rider, I loved the hat too. I am going to do this project for a table next to my fire pit in my backyard. I loved th compass rose, and as a retired Soldier, will have to orient it to my local magnetic North.   Rockin' Vid! Keep 'em coming!
We do not need music, just your fabulous explanation, teaching and giving each of us confidence to do it ourselves. Thank you.
Excellent video! 👌👌👍
Awesome video!  If I wanted to make a shooter's bench using this approach, would it work having used brass  visible on the countertop? Thanks for the video!
Awesome! Should I use rebar when making a countertop 10.5 foot by 33 inches?
Good advice we're going to give it a try I will let you know what happens
Michael I keep going back to watch your first vid. Dude! Your frickin cool,I want to start a business with you. LoL please keep making the vids,I'm wanting to build an outdoor kitchen and your ideas are the best designs I have seen .......lets take it one step further. Outdoor pizza grill.......hehehe
How did you pour the mix and not have the grout move
Nice video, thanks for sharing.  I just might do this project.
Reedit this video and get rid of everything you think is entertaining and just show us the bare-bones information. No stupid music, no "clever editing", no jokes.
Very first video? Excellent production skills (despite any places you think the errors are glaring, they aren't).  Wonderful!
"This is America, and I can do what I want." YES!!!!!
Nice Job Michael!  I followed your "recipe" to a tee... had a weird response to the flow control though; I was expecting pancake batter but got runny tomato soup.  I quickly mixed my second bag of Rapid Set in a second bucket, but didn't use flow control for that one.  Then started mixing "batches" into each other by pouring back and forth between the buckets until both buckets were close to the desired pancake batter.  Then I poured both buckets into the form and continued to follow the recipe.  It turned out great.  I was inside my workshop and it was 55 deg F outside when I mixed and poured.  Water was probably 55 deg too.  BTW - MAKE SURE YOUR FORM IS PERFECTLY LEVEL.  When you start vibrating it down with the orbital sander, the mix WILL level up.  I poured right to the top of the form and if the form is out of level by 1/8", you'll see it right away.  I used some shims to dial it in.  Made a concrete top for a new china cabinet for my wife for Mother's Day.  She loved it!
This could well be your brother ... Sergio Agüero (Manchester City Argentinian Forward)
Great video. Thanks for posting
Love your work Michael , but less of the comedy it's a bit annoying 😁is
Excellent work sir!
Hello new to your channel, awesome job. Love how easy it can be, can't wait to see your other projects.
That flow control stuff is incredible. Great video! Well done Michael.
When putting the top on the coffee table:    Have the top inverted.   Mark where the base will go.   Apply the adhesive and put the base on.   Add weights.   Let that cure.    You'll only have glue where it belongs.  You did it the hard and messy way.
how is this holding up after almost a couple years
What concrete mix could you suggest from Menards? We don't have access to Home Depot. Great video - we are excited to do this for our basement bar area.
Great video! I've wanted to make a concrete countertop for my XL Big Green Egg for a while now. I have a cedar top but would like something that's a bit more durable and I like the look of a concrete countertop. I have heavy duty casters on the current table - 300 lb capacity each so hopefully adding a concrete countertop wouldn't be an issue. Any suggestions for modifying your countertop build for the attached PDF plan? I'd use some foam board for the circle cutout, or something similar. http://www.biggreenegg.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/BGE-TP-XL.pdf
I hope Home Depot paid you for the advertisement
18:16 If you can't hide it, feature it "Adds to the character" he says.
This guy watched Mr. Beakman while growing up, I'm sure. (Pretty neat). EDIT: WHA??? His very first video????? lol and WOW.... 4kk views!!! Mate, you're instant legend.
Will this work on a dinner table approximately 10’ x 4.5’ by 4” in depth?!?! Or would that be too big and too heavy for this mix?
You need your own TV SHOW!!!! Awesome!!!
Awesome video.  👍🏻
Love your videos, hate your damn music LOL
You baked a cake👍😎
Man, this would be a perfect application for an outdoor bench & table set up!  Excluding your time, how much was your investment?
Michael Builds is there a formula to help determine how much the cement project is going to weigh when it's finished.  I'm also curious how much this project weighed when you were done?
This was a FUN vid.  I just wanted to see the look on your cousins face when he saw his awesome new table. Now, I need some tootalidge on the how to of cutting board ends straight as I do not have a table saw or fence.  I just have a reciprocating saw, a nice one, and a speed square so if you ever have time demo how to do this!!! I build my own raised beds with 1 x 10's and can never get the ends straight enough to keep soil from leaking through the space and I want them to look good as well. And thanks for this very entertaining and teaching vid..I love your delivery of the info, very much fun to watch you while at the same time learning...A fire pit is next on my wish list.  I've been subbed to your Chanel for a long time and this is the first notice on any of your vids I've gotten so I'll be looking for  them now.
Dude, that was an awesome video. You are a natural at this, and I am inspired to build! Perfect!
You add the water to the mix, not the  mix to the water. And you should add some wire mesh or steel rods for strength.
I didn't even notice the music. I was busy learning your tips and tricks. Ignore these trolls. Your concrete tops are great! Thanks for the vid.
Michael you nailed it, great presentation and easy watching informative content.
Great video and project.  Was looking at this for new kitchen countertops.  Loved the old distressed pallets for the table stand.   Only thing more is I would have liked to have seen the finished project indoors and your cousins reaction to such a cool gift.  You mentioned stain after pulling it out of the mold.   What about putting concrete stain in during the mixing?   thanks
Super cool. Great video. I can't believe it was your first. You have a great sense of humor. I would love to do that for my kitchen countertop. Is it really heavy when you are done? My countertop is a L shape; about 12' long and jutting out 3' at the end to form the L. How heavy do you think that would be?
can you change the coloring to the top to make it a wood look?
Great job, Michael. Supposing is want to make the top smooth and cleanable, possibly a different color. What finishes\products would you recommend?
This was badass. Thank you so much for making this video!
tank you for flow control tip-priceless !!!
Great video, a little complicated for a girl like me who doesn’t have all those tools but I just enjoyed watching you.😊 The dude is funny  and knowledgeable. 👍🏻
I love though your practicality and not spending days I love seeing quick results. Gave me great ideas!
Headache music lower volume hard to hear your instructions.
Do you have a vodeo showing how to drill into concrete or make a base for the table?
Thanks! precise and useful ideas.
Very nice and I agree very easy. Can't wait to try. Yes I loved the tutorial...
Great video and skills.
wow if this is your first video  you going to crush it. keep the videos coming
Great video brother but with granite or other types of countertops that are not wood slab the edge you out on there is not a live edge but is called a chiseled edge. But other than the music and getting the name wrong , you rocked it on everything else brother!! One of the best videos I’ve seen yet buddy!! Hope you keep it up!
3:18 you just was loving yourself on camera today😹😻
Awesome video!
New sub.  Great info.  I have an outdoor kitchen and one of the items on my "to-do" list this summer is to build new countertops. I will be using the "poured-in-place" method. Thanks
How big do you think you can make one. Im thinking of trying it on a 5'x7' island w sink in it. Is there anything i ahould be worried about? Thanks
great work, and great vibe man
Very nice!  I was gonna ask how to seal it for kitchen or bathroom use, but then the end card came up...  Thanks!
My hats off to you, excellent presentation and content. Keep them coming.
Someone's having fun with video.  Show off... 😋😉
Excellent video, brother.
Love this idea!  Am thinking of trying it to replace my jacked up concrete covered particleboard kitchen counters.  My only question is what sealant should I use for the countertop to protect it, that is food safe?
damn sound levels
you might be talented and have good ideas for fabrication, but i get so sick and tired of the "reality production" editing and the bullhshit dialog designed to "draw in your audience" ... good luck with your hollywood career ... i can't watch any more of your crap ... and i won't ever watch any more of it.
The music was very annoying.  Hard to concentrate on what you are teaching when the volume keeps changing, and the music is that techno crap.  What you showed was good
can you add color like white to give it a marble look
informative and enjoyable, yay!
Sweet, good job man
I have damaged tongue and groove flooring from the 50's that might be hard to find, I'm thinking I will use this method to make concrete pads under my stove, fridge, and dishwasher, and use the wood from under them to repair out in the middle. Do it right and it should look pretty good, albeit unorthodox.
that garage door is really nice. Need a short video for that.
how do you attach the counter top to counter?
Can this method be done for out door kitchen countertops?
Can you add something to the mortar mix to make it lighter in weight? I know you would have to be careful to keep it from settling to the bottom (top). Maybe pour a thin layer first and before it's fully cured add the next layer with the material mixed in. I'm thinking about those little Styrofoam balls. I just don't know where to get them or if it would even work :-D
Learned a lot from this video and it has motivated me.  Great Job
So far the best most user friendly concrete video I have seen. I also love the humor and video effects. I’m hooked! Michael must continue building! 😜
Well done!
No sanding at all? Wow!
Excellent video! I'd love to try this but not sure how to make it fit the existing countertop + I think it would need some finish. Seems like I would need a countertop installer but as I understand it, they only install their own countertops. I almost bought a concrete looking countertop so love the look!
Use a flour sifter over the stencil, otherwise, everything this man says and does works 100%
Michael Builds A Rock
Turn off fucking music
Because of your video I became FAR less scared to attempt this project as I am NOT handy at all. My hubs was so proud of me when I said I wanted to build us a table for our deck. Thank you so much for bringing the intimidation factor down!
Great video and easy project.
1 bag of mortar makes how big of a counter????
I had never seen the sand stencil idea!  Awesome addition!
Awesome! Anyone else having an issue with finding the float control though....?
New subscriber here. Very simple and well explained tutorial. Ty
Awesome channel
Please someone notice this guy, you are the next big thing. Thanks from all us fellas out there.👊🏽
Right the fuck on brother
Amazing table man!!
Great video...you explain what people need to know before a project and not after they find out later after mistakes and time and money wasted. Thanks!
Great video, fumy hear and there with out being stupid, every informative. But ya, turn down the music please,, lol
I'm 5 minutes in and I have to say if any of your other videos are filmed this way (you get a pass on the the music volume cause I just don't care) I'm already hooked.  This is a great job both in the presentation style and the information you provide.  I've had a mild interest in casting random things from concreted and now that interested has been both boosted and renewed.  Thanks for posting this video!
awesome love this idea and by the way you are  PRO on the concrete mission and the way you did this video I would have never imagine this was your first video Kudos to you looking forward to see more ideas and very entertain through out the whole video keep them coming :)
if it’s going to be outside do i need to seal it?
Are these the 55 lb bags.?This is so cool, I can see projects in my husbands future!!!
Thank you.  Great personality with easy to follow comprehensive instructions.  I appreciate you taking the time to do this video.
6:40 just 24h waiting, good job fixing it in 1h.
I’m wanting to use this technique for my outdoor kitchen. My concern is I might have to piece together units, like granite installs. Is there a method for seaming the pieces together?
how do we calculate the amount of concrete we need? Say I have a counter top that totals 1.5 cuft, how many bags of concrete?  Why do you use a Mortar mix and not the rapid set cement or concrete mixes?
I've been watching about two months of woodworking vids and getting excited.  Lining up my tool list and everything.  Then over there in the corner... ...concrete counter top!  No, don't click it!  No.  Don't.  Click.  It.  Arrgghh!  You clicked it!  Now, you must make a concrete counter top!  Why Michael, why?  Okay fine, I'll do it.  Just so you know this was my very first CCT video.  I didn't see any of the others.  I never will.  I belong to your cult now.  It's going to have a Star Wars theme.  Today is May the 4th, 2020.  Besides, we're both "Michiganders"
love the 'spray before smoothing silicone' tip excellent.
Is it possible to grind and sand a polished finish to this?
How do you seal it without the grout design smearing?
Such a cool video I had to watch it again. 😊
My husband is going to hate me!! But it’s going down! Hello new counter tops! Great job, and making it super easy to follow!
Thank you! We are making a fireplace hearth and I think this process will work!!! Just one question. Can you add color to the mix?
Looks amazing. Can't find flow control in Philippines. Does anyone know if there is an alternative as really want to do that stencil effect? Cheers
Why the flag? Greetings from Holland!
The 2,9k people who disliked this video are mad cause Michael put them out of business 😂😂
Loved it!
A great video!!
Omg u r my new favorite person. I love your style. And u crack me up.  I'm going to do this for my kitchen counters. Thank you so much.
Awe your awesome! Great video made it seem so easy. Can't wait to make my first concrete top, thank you😊
Looking forward to doing more like this!
I just followed you instruction to make my wife a beautiful outdoor kitchen island. You are the man! It as so easy and came ou great. She loves it... and that’s all that matters
Window cleaner on the silicone? Does that work on any other projects when cleaning out excess calk?
Real nice man, new subscriber.
no steel or mesh !!!
Thanks for the video I'm preparing to make a outdoor kitchen with concrete counters.  You have helped me by leaps and bounds.
This is a great video!!  I'm going to give this a shot but have a question.  How did the pour of the concrete not smudge the grout design?
+1 for the nod to the wonderful and sorely missed, Bob Ross!  xx
Like
Badass I’m gonna try this for a Father’s Day gift
Well, that was a good video. :)
Loved the video. I want to cover my counter tops in the kitchen. Would this be a good option?
Hi Michael how long do you wait for tile grout to harden? before you pour on the quick-dry concrete?
Wondering if I can make outdoor patio? If it will hold up to snow and Sub zero degree temperature?
Awesome video! What size is the table? I’m trying to figure how many bags I need for 2” thick 40”x66”.
Simple, Informative, easy to understand. Thanks for the video!
Two questions before I tackle this awesome directed project by yourself can I add liquid color to my mortar and the grout do you just stencil what you want with the grout and then pour the mortar in nice and slowly can you explain the grout method to me thanks Michael
Great video!  I'm inspired!
You did great for your first video. Live the humor. Thanks for the tips too.
Awesome video! Love the method you used! Curious as to how big of a slab you can make with this. Was thinking around 52inx30in. Wondering if it’d be more stable to go in two slabs. Obviously lighter!
very informative!   He is a great presenter.   tips are very helpful!   cool way to make the edges.
I've watched this and many other diy concrete counter top videos and I've decided to use this technique.
Used your video today to build a top for a fountain on side of pool. Turned out exactly as described in video. Awesome job man! Thanks!
Michael I don't watch a ton of these vids--but am experienced DIYer lately-- now doing a major remodel of most of my whole house by myself, so watching/learning from a few youtube vids hear and there.  Great job on the video, project results, personalization ideas too and I enjoyed the humor.  Building a shop for tools, work and storage next---may use your ideas.  Thanks dude!
Omw that was absolutely amazing. U r brilliant 🙌👏
you are really making  very cool stuff...and to learn from. keep sharing your knowledge dude.
Great Idea! Is HD a sponsor?
So I'm not sure where I went wrong. I watched this video 20 times and watched it step by step while doing it and when i was mixing the mortar as soon as i took the mixing blade out of the bucket that stuff was rock solid in like 3 minutes. It never even got out of the bucket. So I tried a second batch and it poured out in big solid chunks so now I got a pile of rocks in my mold lol.
I had my noise canceling headset on... and BOOM! haha. Serious question Michael. I am in the Philippines and there is no Home Depot. I am researching what an equivalent Mortar mix. Maybe Cemex will work.  www.cemexholdingsphilippines.com/products-and-services/ready-mix-concrete. Any thoughts? Thank you
Badass!
Awesome please come to my house and make this for me I can’t lift heavy stuff. Simply beautiful and durable
@Michael Builds....I have to tell you, this is definitely a video worth watching while essentially being confined to ones' homes. You have provided me with a spark to make something along the lines of this, and for that, I thank you!       The only "downside" to your entire video is the "HELLACIOUSLY HORRIBLE" *music* (If you can call it that) that you used throughout the video. It was so bad it actually made me laugh, and then reduce the volume until i could tell it was no longer playing and you had resumed speaking.....LOL     I'd use some good 'ol Rock-N-Roll for ambient background noise myself.....or even some heavy metal or country if that's in your music taste. The music used in this video makes me think of Japanese cartoon music, which I've found to be just slightly worse than the Japanese "adult" cartoons I have unfortunately seen parts of.....     I hope I gave you a good laugh, as I write this mostly in jest...though I truly do love the idea behind this project and you posting it for all of the bored people out here these days...now I just have to figure out what to make & where it will fit within my house.     I do have one additional question though, how would one go about creating a project like this but yield a completely flat finish? I'd be aiming for a semi-gloss finish, but one that is 100% sealed to prevent staining and smooth like a factory finished stone counter top. I have no idea how to go about creating that type of finish. I'm a professional, certified master auto/truck technician but certainly do enjoy projects such as this. I always tend to dive a lot deeper into my projects than most DIY'ers as I truly enjoy learning new things and attempting to perfect whatever I do. I guess the term I'd use is "anal", in that I am obsessed with *perfection* in a lot of ways.     I definitely will subscribe to your videos and give a healthy "thumbs-up" to you for this presentation. THANKS!
Great video! What type and color grout did you use for the stencil and veining? I am an Artist and I have used a feather to vein with paint maybe you could try that to give a more natural delicate veining in some areas. Question if you want to attach this to a kitchen cabinet would you add bolts to the cement before it dries?
Very Cool Man..you are great
Dude thats fucking Amazing, Rustic Live Edge coffe table
awesome!
So u keep spraying water on the concrete as it dries and as you get the bubbles out?
Great video thank you stay healthy
Boom , thats what im talking about
Well done very well done
I am so glad I found your channel. I've been planning to build a smoker. Then the wife wanted a fire pit and I decided to add a low seat wall and now I'm adding an outdoor pizza oven. Your concrete technique has inspired me to get it done. Thank you brother!!
Love this!  I want to make two low coffee tables,  low but with wheels.  Once I follow what he just did, can I drill the wheels onto it at the end?
Your channel is dangerously awesome! Quick question, how do you get the grout to stay in place when pouring?
Mike you rocked it. I have done many concrete counter tops. Your methods could put me out of business. Great first video. Keep up the good work. Love the "D" bucket.
First video?! We are not worthy.
Did you seal the concrete?
Awesome Video! I like the style. Can't wait to make my own.
Living in Ireland and do not have Home Depot here. Contacted a company in England who sell Cement All only. Will this work? Oh also.. you can buy Rapid set for approx. $18.. price for Cement All in England is £38 sterling per bag (which is $47.33). This then costs me €48 when I ship to Ireland from the UK. Any other suggestions Michael?
Would love advice on how to do this with kitchen counter tops. We have an 18ft section of counter top that would need to be poured, and not quite sure if this method will work? Any tips/tricks/ other videos recommended?
Holy smokes Michael, do you have experience in the movie industry!? this was so well shot and edited! vey creatively done.
Crazy awesome project! I subscribed cuz you are fun to watch. I didn’t hit the fast forward button once.
Do you think this method could be used for terrazzo as well?... Because from what I can see this top came out very light almost as light as white concrete, but would the marble and or glass chips compromise the cured strength integrity?
I would never have known this is your first video. Very well done. Great table
Fucking awesome video man!  If that's your first I can't wait to see the rest!
Great video bro got me ready to get started lol
So cool and great job. I use a lot of these tools daily in tile work so I'm pretty excited to try this out and see what I get. Great method and definitely a new subscriber.
I really enjoyed this video, great tips, great format and great presentation. Subscribed!
step right in the middle bro at 13:50
Wow...I was calling you an idiot for using mortar mix...then you stood on top of it and I hung my head in shame.
I absolutely enjoyed this video, great job👍🏿👍🏿
GREAT VIDEO---UNRELATED---CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT COLOR YOUR SHED SIDING IS PLEASE :)
How to get a shiny finishing on it to completely get a marble look and feel?
Very happy I came across your channel!  Can't wait to try some of these projects. Thank You.
Loved this DIY...but maybe use 2/3 of the slow-mo shots lol :P
I'm sorry but I never got beyond 4:50 minutes. I got too tired of watching him stick his face into the camera. He may know what he's doing but I'll never know.
Great video!!! Would you happen to remember your dimensions for width and length
I like that no mistakes.. Lol
Came across this kind of accidentally, and went from having never, once, ever, even thought about concrete counter tops, to..."I'm doing this immediately!!"  Great presentation and tons of info.  Subscribed.
How do you keep the sand in place from the stencil before pouring the concrete mixture. Great job on the video.
How has this held up? I'd like one for our campsite, and it would need to be sealed, as I'd want to clean off spatters from our Blackstone griddle. Thanks.
I love the old school rustic appeal of this project. I'm a 33 year veteran installer  in the tile and stone trade and this tutorial was right up there with morning wood! Pardon the pun, lol. I'm sitting right in front of the Home Depot wanting to get some mortar but given the worlds current situation,  there's a line up right across the parking lot.  Maybe I'll try the west Vancouver store, thx for the info and everyone stay safe and healthy.
Awesome video, Michael. Have you done anything with color, either coloring the mortar mix and/or the stencil/veining?
Just now seeing this and I love it!  You have a great personality ...love the table
Fantastic!!!
Just a couple of comments about "my first try" at making a concrete counter top.  I watched your video 3 times.  I took notes.  I thought I had this down, especially since I have done bathroom tile work and I have worked with epoxy grout.  No problem, I said.  I got this! My plan was for a barbecue counter top that measured 2 feet x 6 feet x 1.5 inches.  I did the math, 3 bags of Rapid Set Mortar. Made my form and caulked the corners.  Everything is going to plan. First the mixing: - I did exactly what you did for mixing my first bag and all of the water rose to the top leaving me with a large dry clump on the bottom of the bucket.  I had to dig into it to finally get it to mix with the water on top.  Added the Flow control powder and like a miracle I got the fluid mixture as shown in your video.  I poured it into my form and spread over the area. - Immediately started my second bucket with the water already pre-measured.  I added about half of the Mortar Mix and then added the rest and the Flow Control.  Maybe 15 minutes total mixing time.  By the time I got back to my mold the first mix was already setting.  And then the same thing happened with the third bucket. There is no way I could mix the mortar quick enough, working by myself. Disclaimer: I live in a very dry area of the country with low humidity and it was a fairly breezy day.  This probably accelerated the rapid drying time. Some observations:   - In your first video you show up with the second bucket of mortar mix very quickly.  and your fist batch is still fairly fluid.  Did you have some off-camera assistance? - For multi-bag pours I would highly recommend a second person to be doing the mixing so there is no delay in the batches. - Home Depot also carries a Rapid Set product called "Set Control".  It looks like this delays the drying time.  Have you ever used it? Conclusion:  I would add a few more cautions to your videos. First time?  Start with a smaller form. More than one bag mix?  Have second pair of hands so you can mix them at/near the same time. We learn more from our failures than our successes. Already looking forward to my next attempt.
Not trying to be rude at all.  Just honestly want to know the answer because I don't know anything about concrete.  If it is so strong why was it so easy to break off the edges to make the live edge and would this stand up to daily use as a kitchen countertop?  I really want to do this myself.  I just don't want to have to replace it in a year.  Any advice would be appreciated.
Just found your vids, great job. I'm looking at doing our outdoor kitchen counters. Have you ever used the quikcrete countertop mix? Does it work ok?
The Detroit Bucket I like that !!
No doubt by now, I've watched about 1,000 concrete countertops videos and they all....I stumbled onto this vid about 4 months ago and it looked so promising that I subscribed right away.  Determined to try this for a small 12"X36" countertop for a tiny off grid cabin I finally got the chance this weekend.  Even did the sanded grout with a little owl in the corner.  We made a couple of paving stones first the weekend before, just to get the hang of it and then we went for it, yesterday.  My edges got a little sloppy as I've never done anything like this including using caulk but honestly, it's freakin awesome!!!!  It turned out soooooo good, I've been sending all my friends and family pictures and getting lots of "impressed" comments.  It really is as quick and easy as you claimed and while there are a few edges with a few tiny lines (from the messy caulk) they don't bother me, and I could chip them off with a "live edge" if wanted.  Either way, it worked just as you suggested and since mine was half the size of yours we had plenty left to make a few paving stones and a small headstone for an unmarked grave while we were at it. Thank you so much for sharing your method, your energy, charisma, attitude, everything!
Outstanding! You made this a simple process!
H E L P! I poured fireplace hearth in place. Don't love the finish. And today (6 days after) I noticed a vertical hairline crack. I'm so sad. Suggestions???
That's amazing do you have anything on polishing something like this?
Great video. Hope to try this soon!
This video was adorable!  Lol, bet you haven't had someone say that, yet!  I really enjoyed it & can't wait to try it myself!  You've got a new subscriber 👍
I am loving your videos!! I’m thinking about making a patio table top using this technique. I love the tile grout you used for the natural stone look. I also loved the epoxy river rock bench you have made with the unicorn spit. Do you think I could do that with the table I make, just use more of a peanut butter consistency? Also, I think you mentioned it’s not meant for outside. Is there a way to weather proof the epoxy? Thank you!!
Great work! At first I thought you ruined the tabletop when you hitted it with the hammer, but at the end it looked awesome. Congrats.
Can you add color to it?? Like if you want c colored top?? What product would I use?? GREAT VIDEO. I also want to cut inserts for grill, etc.. I'm thinking to do them pre-pour right?
Thank you.. You have  just saved me a ton of money! I'm going to be selling my home. I had no idea what to do for my poor kitchen.  your funny, likable and apparently brilliant.  looking forward to much more.
Great video! I was wondering if this would work in a longer “L” shape design, or would there need to be reinforcement at that point? It’s for an at home Bar Top
This advertisment was brought to you by rapidset.
Great video you give me an idea for my leather tooling workbench
Great video , great information superb narration but for god sake turn the freaking music down so it's not competing with the information .
Wow i wish i would have seen this years ago!! Im going to try this project in a month or so. Im terrified the concrete will stick to the wood frame.. so i’ll try to make sure I have WD-40 on there good this is blowing my mind right now I’m eager to try this thanks so much! I found this video by researching rumblesone DIY outdoor grills (WHICH LOOK INCREDIBLE to DIY) but I’m so glad I found you!! Please make more videos! ❤️❤️
If I were to make this counter top for an outdoor patio to be laid on cement blocks, what would I use to adhere this top to that block that would be very strong so kids could safely climb on it without it falling off- and what does that process look like?
have you made a chess/checker board concrete top and how would you attach it to a center leg
What were the measurements for this countertop? Did you have much concrete left over from the two bags?
Absolutely awesome.  Only complaint is the loud music, but I am sending this to a friend of mine who is a cabinet maker.  Gotta a feeling he's gonna love this.  Thanks for a super idea and video.
very cool
can backsplash be made the same way
Dammit now I want to make one!! What’s the size of the table?
great vids, hope you make a million, Whos music are you using
I liked the video just for the foaming window cleaner on the caulk trick. Blew my mind.
Hey Mike,   What size is your mold? Just wondering if I bought enough mortar mix for my project!
Your video was great! Keep it up.  My only suggestion would be to keep the volume level the same throughout.
Saw this as a suggestion, not even really looking. Love the effort you put into this. I'm a subscriber now. Awesome job Michael!
Great job. I want to build a small outdoor bar and this is it. But I would seal it and here's why....a local restaurant by me had man of these tops for 4 to 8 people. Looked great until about July when all the olive oil, burger juice, ketchup, etc, you get the idea, left their marks. and soaked in .What would you, or any other person recommend as a finish. I did some slate tops with raw tung oil and theyu look great, but tung oil seps until it saturates then the top layers are hard also. And it is is expensive....any input will be appreciated....thanks for the great video, and humor. . You kept your promises.
The music makes it hsrd to hear you. Stop it please!
I like your style
great video
Ran out of concrete 1/4 of inch away from top. Can't just run to home depot to buy concrete because of covid 19. Help!
Loved the video. Great energy. Thanks!!!
Really enjoyed thank you.
That was great! I want to do this and spruce up old kitchen, so what's your take on making a corner joint and a sink opening? I don't have your inventory, but pallets are great way for making it rustic!
Loved the instruction & technique details but the constant looking down at us, your face close up to camera & in ours, and the camera inside or at the bottom of everything gives an uncomfortable experience, it had me skip mostly thru and not want to come back. Stick with your talent, eliminate the glitter that's what drives viewership, at least for me.
Man you are so good. Very smart
This is my 1st time here & I subscribed right away!! Great Video!
Great job brother. Sorry if you already answered this. I know you said 1.5 thickness. What is the length and width...Thank you
Grate video would like to see how you mix and make the top . Keep them coming just subscribed 👍🏻
Why bother with silicone if you gave it the live edge?
Nice man, I can’t believe I actually watched a full video. Way to go. Keep making videos.
Awesome job. Thank you for give details about materials, measurements and tools you used for this project. I am a woman trying to do things in my house by myself and I had no idea where to start from. This have helped me a lot,,,,!,,,
Awesome!
When you do set in place tops how do you fix it to not see the bottom of frame/mold ?
How did you keep the sanded grout from moving when you poured?
I was watching this entire video, like: Yes, got that... ok, ahhhh, yes Bob Villa, great hack... oh that came out lovely wouldya look at THA-*hears FIRST video, immediately chokes on snacks*.... had my crotch fruit over here checkin on me like momma you ok NO FRUIT YA MOM CHOKIN ON HER INADEQUACIES.  I didn't realize this type of project was even possible.
This was really fun to watch
Pls make a video on a stamped/colored table.
Awesome work.
Great tip on the window cleaner
The foam glass cleaner over the wet silicone trick made my head explode. Thanks for the video!
I’m thinking about doing this for all my countertops in the kitchen. My question is what should I seal it with that is food safe? Also would you add any inner wire support if it was going to be 7.5 ft?
too much talk ...not enough action  = I dont want to watch a movie
Great job. And you made it fun.
Echo the other comments excellent job! Have you done the concrete bowl vid yet?
Music was awesome!  Presentation was also awesome, interesting, and informative.  Thanks for the efforts!   Please ID the music.
Could u use an undanded grout?
Only difference between this concrete countertop video and all the others on YouTube is that this one is twice as long. Plus that took a good deal more than one hour. I do love the way you did the design on top though. Definitely using that.
DETROIT!
I want to make a concrete counter top some time but I am going to use concrete with decent size aggregate or rocks and put several different colors of broken glass in it then grind and polish it. Someone told me he saw a counter top made like that and it turned out really nice
Wow
Loved this video.  Exactly the information I needed and entertaining.  I can't wait to use this technique to make the pavers for my new front steps.
Wow! I bet you spent more time editing the video than building the table! Thanks for sharing.
You rock, Dude! Love your work! 👊😎
Well Done! Thanks!
I want to make a 2 x 2 x 2 x 1 1/2  planter by building a box mold. do you think I need to reinforce the melamine ?
Cool!
I want to do something like this for a BBQ island counter top !
Awesome job!
I really enjoyed watching your video, you really rock. I will like to make and outdoor table with your method. Thank you
Can you reuse the mold?
*First time ever to comment anything but I just had to thank you for your video. We just did our island counter top yesterday and everything was on point, no surprises. Thanks so much! We even used molding to create a nicely shaped edge. (tip don't use a molding already painted, it was a $%$@ to clean up as it stuck to the cement)
I would like to make a round table top for outdoor use from a  cast iron table base.  Anyone done a round form?  Also how to add reinforcement?
You can set your table legs in the wet concrete to set up too.Or set in the brackets or handles ect.
This is definitely a likeable video. Your sense of humor, and the fact that you went the extra mile to make it entertaining, verses just a how to video, kept me watching and wanting more. I was not at all bothered by the music volume.
About freaking time a video that doesn't explain about the hosts kids, life, wife, on and on and on. Great video, Thank you and I subscribed.
Thank you for showing how easy this can be. If your first video is this great I can only image what the rest will be like.
Congratulations! Michael you got a new Subscriber ;) I barely subscribe to channels :D Just Impressed By Your  Work.
This was a great video. It turned out amazing! Good job!
Very good
Nice.  Thank you
Great video Mike! Cool natural look and I loved the design you did with grout and the natural edges. Doing my first concrete countertop this week 😎
New viewer and subscriber from over the pond in England... love the video mate, so many stale and boring diy YouTube's out there, this was a breath of fresh air!  One issue I have, is sourcing the right materials in England as we have different stores and supplies.    Main one I have a problem with is flow control.   Due to lockdown I'm not able to just go have a chat with the depot guy so wondered if you had any ideas or if this has come up with any of your other subscribers.  Any help MASSIVELY appreciated 😊
You are the next Bob Villa. I enjoyed the project and the presentation.  GREAT to Share this video with those shut in with Coronavirus. Make benches too.
First video wow man you are great at it looks like I get to make a much needed new countertop and if I am a success at almost 76 yearsold then all the young ' ens  should be able to master it  keep the good vids coming Been a joy watching
1 hour? - In the first 7 minutes you go to home depot, construct a mold which took two hours.... 3 hours into this i lost interest. I do like a lot of your videos. Michael don't be full of shit. The world needs less of that, be legit
Dude Like The Video ....... But The Music is Too Damn Loud !!! You Don't Really Even Need The Music I Believe That's Why There So Many Thumbs Down !
Excellent Video!!!!  If that's your first video then I can't wait to see others.  My wife is going to think I'm da Man!
That was awesome
That was fun to watch x
If I don't use melamine and use particle board, will it not work? homedepot and lowes don't have it in my area
In Canada the Rapid Set mortar mix package looks different. It does not say high strength or structural on it. Is there a difference in the product or is it just the package that is different?
If you mix this thinner will you get a finer finish? Have you experimented with color additives in the mortar mix?
I like your presentation 😂
great craftsmanship!
Not bad. If you run a small craft paint brush through your dry tile grout, it would make the veins look a little more natural i think
Loved it. Your a good instructor and entertaining. I too have looked at a lot of videos on making concrete countertop s and your right with with regards to the points you made. I'm encouraged now and can't wait until I get started. One thing though I would like to know more about staining the tops. It's the artist in me.
Clearly a bit late to the party - (12-18!)..This is the first time I have commented on a video, have to say this was educational and entertaining! Great job- thanks for sharing. Really enjoyed this, compels me to head to the shed and make a table top for no reason!
You;re amazing haha. Plus for humor points.
Keep em coming man! I want to make an epoxy table top with some of our shells and sharks teeth from the beach! Next video.....?
great video! Thx
nice job...👍 one thing..🤔 much talking...🤭🤭🤭
Awesome job. Best How To video I've seen. I'm making a "Depot Run" tomorrow morning!
Nice work men I love it
Watched this twice! Love it and you’re work!!
I like the simplicity of your talent and amazing results..
Love the B roll man. Good job.
Sweet Job Michael, well done!! Great tips buddy!
How about a concrete sink form 👍
Great Vid. TY!
"I cannot stress to you enough, the importance of a Captain Morgan stance". There's a phrase I never expected in a construction video!
i was watching this without sound doing something else kinda following along - then a picture of bob ross pops up and I'm like alright what was that
Michael - Dude, that is an excellent video.  I am preparing to build a bar in a bourbon distillery in Southern Kentucky - I think I am going to employ your techniques.  Great Job.
Great camera work. Love the Home Depot aisle strut.
Great video a
I wanted to see when you gave it to your cousin! Excellent job!! 👌
So how easily does it chip?
Great job!  We loved the simple project!
How did I know you were gonna say pallets lol 😆
Looking up wood burning and pyrography led me here. Glad I found this, so cool, I will be watching more and subscribing.
U and I think alike Great Job man
This video was worth watching just for the tip with the window cleaner and the silicon. Thanks!
Hello Michael. Awesome video! We are going to try this. Quick question...I love what you did with the design (the compass). If we wanted to put a design like that in the mold, what tips can you give if we are also wanting to also "stain" the concrete after it dries? We were wanting to add lots of different colors to give the countertop a stone-like look. Will staining end up messing up the look of the design? Or is there a good way to incorporate both looks together? Or another option, is there a way to add a bit of color into the concrete mix when we are mixing it, so at least we can have one color? Thank you for posting this! :)
What was this tables dimensions?
1st video?  Nice f-n job, man...serious skills all-around!
1st time viewer’ immediate subscriber!  Definitely enjoyed this video sir and thank you for showing an easier more practical way of creating something beautiful from raw materials!  I look forward to viewing more of your work and future projects!  Stay safe and much respect from Rockwall, Texas..  Semper Fi
Please lose or lower background music. Great video otherwise.
Drop a full wine bottle in middle where you were standing 14.00
That was amazing! Thanks!
Love your first video! Keep them coming, please🤗
Wow ! Awesome video! Thanks, it looks great!
Well done 👊.
Awesome! The only thing I'd add is a reminder that any stenciled text needs to be applied 'backwards' on the inside of the mold. Not that I've learned that lesson the hard way or anything.... just mentioning on behalf a friend.....
Thanks for posting. I love how informative you are and that it really shows you love what you do.. I’m planning on pouring a countertop with an under-mount sink. This just gave me the idea to do a practice run making a coffee table. I have lots of good walnut wood to use up!!
O 4 Awsum! Great vid look forward to making my own during lockdown :)
Sir? You did a great job with your first video for DIY! I've been building and remodeling for 35 yrs, and I learned my "wet finger" silicon technique will have to try the Sprayway  technique!  Actually in all, I enjoyed this project, and I feel like I should create and build a concrete top for something, but I wont, I'm too burnt out from my work as it is, but to watch your version, I want to work with you as you dont make it work! You made even shopping at Homer's store cool! Good Job over all!
Boss level: Over 9000!
The Alton Brown of concrete countertops!  Thanks
Awesome video
I love your video, art and energy, continue please ,, make more 😁
Nice Brother! Thank you for this. I subscribed. Stay Safe.
Can't believe it's your first video.  Loved the pace, long enough to understand what you were doing, short enough to not be boring!
Brilliant ! I’m building a new garage and an outdoor kitchen on the back of it I’m gonna use all concrete countertops thank you for sharing🙏
Question for you Michael: With the sanded grout will using different colors result in different appearances in the cement?  I'm thinking about doing a mix of white and dark grey to give a true marbled look.    Thanks for the awesome video.
Great video. I'm in the process of trying to make an outdoor countertop under my patio window. When you laid down the grout for affects, was it wet? How does it stay in place once you dump in the mortar? Interesting...
Unreal!! So good and inspirational. Awesome!!
Wow! I can’t believe what you just made. Subscribed!
Michael, this is awesome. Have you come across a reliable and easy to get product that will make the concrete white?
Amazing dude thanks 💀⚡🌟😍👏👏👏
When I finish my basement, I know what I'm doing for a bar countertop now! Great video!
Wish I had a cousin like you. That was really nice of you 👍🏻 if I ever come out of quarantine I'm gonna try that project
does your husband film the videos for you?
keren banget
great video!  really well done and entertaining!
at 15:25, your lawnmower blade is like, "WTF man" ?
Unfortunately I can't find the Rapid Set Mortar Mix in Canada, will the Quikrete mortar mix work??
Let's make it happen... Loved it 💪👍
DIY construction video and girly workout music. Thumbs down for me lol.
Nice!  Quality vid! That mortar won't crack without something in it..metal, fiberglass, other?
Dude just saw your video awesome my man ;awesome!
What would you seal this with if you did make it a countertop?  Also, I assume you wouldn't want a live edge on the length that touches the wall?   Lastly, would it be feasible somehow to make a 4" backsplash and keep the countertop seamless?  Loved the video... ironically, I didn't watch hundreds of concrete countertop videos prior to this one... this was my first, and I'm SOLD!
Very nice job, especially for your first video!  Enjoyed it very much.  I want to try this!
I thought you had me with your ease of explanation. Then with your optimistic demeanor.  Then again when you explained things so well. But no, you had to quote Bob Ross. "YOU HAD ME AT HELLO!" subscribed!!!!
This was dope!! Awesome job!! I would love to know how to recreate coffee table with metal legs
freaking awesome. Now it makes me want to find a reason to build a concrete table
Great video!!
reinforcement is not for pressure strength, psi is irrelevant
Awesome. I just learned everything I need to know to landscape my back yard.
Great video, 2 Years ago
Approx cost of everything from home depot (w/o tools)
Thanks Michael- great video 👍🏽
Wow!!.. you did a great job and I subscribed.
my method 1"x2" form. set on top of any piece of plywood just for temporary bottom support. provide light weight steel mesh at near the bottom and fill up form with concrete light weight. let it dry and you are done.
Hey Michael, love this piece, serious inspiration in your videos!  Quick question, if the ready mix bags arent available, what’s your next best recommendation?
Thanks Michael.... go ahead with more videos! You do a great Job !
Quick question how do you make one for the kitchen with the sink hole? Wouldn't this one be too thick? Please help I so wanna do this at my new home.
great video
Great tutorial!! But he spent 15 minutes telling us how to avoid costly mistakes, then claims there's no such thing as a mistake?   Bob Ross never made concrete countertops that could potentially harm someone if a mistake was made. Ross isn't saying mistakes don't happen, he's saying they're all fixable.
Lower the background music!
Thank you for all your help..covid/ stay home remodel project completed. Thanks for sharing the concrete recipe worked great. From another Transformers fan..Roll Out
great video ! can you add a pigment to mortar mix i want to add a white pigment any recommendations?
Great video!
9:13 mixing and pouring proportions and procedure
First time I seen your video it was the bomb bro very good job and great explanation, did you retire after this one where did you go I look forward to hear from you by 4 now
Nice job
Great Job! and very funny as movie-maker!!!
great job
How to make a Concrete Counter Top in 1 hour?  wait 24 hours for the silicone to set up !
How to make a Concrete Counter Top in 1 hour?  wait 24 hours for the silicone to set up !
good job man funny and great video!!
Nice nice now i can make coffee tables for sale 👍👍👍👍👍
Thanks for adding the supply list.
Ur channel is awesome and I have been trying out your methods on several cool projects.  But I can’t seem to get the strength your talking about with the rapids set material.  I follow exactly your recipe for mixing and pouring accept, my thickness is 1.25” instead of 1.5”.  A 24”x16” piece continues to break with very little load on it.  So before I remake all my molds have u experienced this due to something else such as temperatures, over mixing or not putting enough water after material stats kicking?
I like the video, but your one hour counter top took about 2 days from start to finish.
Bro... wear a dust mask when cutting that melamine! Trust me, you don't want that in your lungs.
Omg. You are so sexy to me!!
Genius :-) I'm using old granite counter tops for my outdoor cabinets.. I think I found me a project :D
I'm going to show you how to make a counter top, never mind that won't work,  here's a 100lb coffee table.
That was a great video.  I’m curious what you used to shoot the video.  It was great.  Also you said you used iMovie, I didn’t know it was that good.  Trying to shoot my wife’s videos as a counselor so I would love some tips on what programs and cameras you used.
Great video. Some really nice video techniques there. loved the instruction and the way you presented it. well done.
Melameen 😂. Mine...Mel a mine. Great job. Good word to action content as well. Too many gassbaggers on YouTube.
Hey man gonna make some outdoor kitchen counter tops. 5 to be exact 22”x48” x 1 1/2 thick. How many bags will I need per each mold. Thanks a lot. Great video.
Great work! Super cool project and love your excitement!
Micheal..... Please add me on facebook... might need your help
awesome video...very informative. i will be trying this in the future:)
great video.  more please
Excellent Video!  Wife says you are a Natural!  Thanks for making this!
really cool
Nice.👌
good video!!!
Awesome thanks
Cool!
What kind of drill do you use to turn the concrete?
Awesome editing and overall job on this video man! Super informative, interpretive, and entertaining
Great video! New subscriber 😁
1st video? WoW after watching your BADASS one. I won't ever be able to follow that for my 1st yet to come. Great Job, Keep up the pallet collecting grasshopper oh your just a Padawan. LOL   Something to shoot for definitely!
You're a natural dude. That was awesome. Well done - Go Tigers!
Thank you for sharing and display your amazing skills!! You are gifted and natural! If you ask me, this is God leading you to show case your talent to those who are lack of or perhaps in need of leading hands/ guidance. God bless in all you do!!
Don't use your teeth to pull out nails in front of people that will lecture you for pulling out nails with your teeth.
whats d cement sand ratio?osum job btw!!
It was very instructive and funny !!
How much heat can this take...like for a hearth on a fireplace?
I hope when comes time to install you got 5 men and a gorilla lol.
FLOW CONTROL!!    I need to find this stuff in my country. this will make me rich HAHA I hope?
GREAT VIDEO DUDE
I loved this entire thing, so so good great comments on them, when I make my videos I just shoot and  edit them all on my phone. But man oh man this was great!
man honestly you left me wordless ,  i don"t know much of construction  but i do know enough to know what is good and whats grate
1 hour my ass
Hi, just found you.. great video - I have a need to make a concrete table-top to go on my outdoor BBQ. Unfortunately I can't purchase the Rapid Set Mortar as I live in Ireland. If I was to mix up a strong cement Mortar (using a plasterizer- ie  a flow control) it would set up over  day - would this work? (just a long time going off) will it be strong enough to use as a concrete table-top?
Must be beginners luck, great video.
Well done! Yeah, the music volume WAS a lil much, but honestly? You totally rocked it! Well done! Thanks for the awesome info!
Will this be good for a kitchen counter top. With a lot of traffic of typical kitchen counter stuff. Do the edges chip easily or if you drop something on a corner will the counter break. Or is the psi strong enough to hold up. thanks
If this is your very first video!? You sir, have done a awesome job man!👍
Can you use a 2200 RPM buffer polisher on mortar just like concrete?  I did a large bar top based on this tutorial and I want to sand it and polish it before I seal it if possible.  Thanks for the help.  Your videos are great!
Can you do an epoxy countertop please🙏🙏
This video was awesome 👍👍👍
Outstanding video.  Had a neighbor try a concrete outdoor table reinforced with metal and after spending a week he completed the project ... but when he strength tested it by sitting on it, it snapped in half!  He threw it out and wasted all the time and materials.  I'll share this video with him.
Why do these amazing cool videos have the absolutely annoying crap music ? This guy is so helpful. Did some demon choose the music?
your the 1st I watched but I hade to wait till 3:58 before you started actually getting to it. Get to the point. PLEASE!
extremely cool got an idea for a daughter project as a table at the grill, Thanks
That was so awesomeness Michael.  My question, can you still sand the top to make it smooth?
You're adorable and funny! I enjoyed watching but ain't doing it myself.
Watched it the first time. I still love this video.
Wow, just made my first countertop for my bar this weekend. I could not be more happier how it turned out.  Amazing
That was cool! Bet you cant make a dinning. Room big table with a concrete top and a cool design like a family crest. I triple dog dare you.
Ur amazing!!!!!!!!!
A challenge.  I live where no home depot or Lowe's exist. Now. Let's see you mix all this from scratch ! No instant anything.  Ok. Show us how .  Great job by the way
Amazing
Nice simple presentation. Thanks.
I like you!! Your gonna do great!!
Amazing video, great job. I will go to there.👍
Any advice on a clear finish to use for a bathroom application?
Ima guess 236 lbs on the countertop
What keeps the grout from moving while you’re pouring the concrete in the mold?
You don't want to use WD-40 to lubricate the surface. It will soak into the concrete and slowly release into the environment over time. Just use car wax.
Super cool table! Thank you for the informational video!!!
Awesome video man!
Great job
No reinforcement?  Why so fast to flip and remove?  I'd give it a day to be safe.
Why can’t anybody in America say the word “caulk” correctly?  The L is not silent. It’s not a cock.
I’m sold on the mortar, going to make my own version of this bad boy. Question for you though, can you reuse the molds? I’d like to make 2-3 of these for my new patio. Thanks in advance
How many bags of concrete did you use?
Hey Michael...my wife absolutely loves what U did here..U know showing her how easy this is...guess what?? NOW SHE'S HOUNDING ME TO DO IT!!!!!!!!! THANKS!🤬Grrrrrrrrrrr
Can I wait to make the live edge on it? Or do I have to do it right away???
Background noise/music is way too loud!!!
Mike, would a steel reinforcement be needed for kitchen countertop?
I like the way you made this video interesting to watch. I almost stayed glued up and did not try to rush it up. Really love the way you kept it rustic.
The music was so annoying. Turning up to hear you, then blaring noise.
Just amazing!! thanks for sharing and try to do the best at home...
Great job.  Really.
Make concrete counter top in 1 hour.... gotta wait 24 hours for the silicon to dry... :/.
I cannot wait to try this in my airstream . Going to remove the stainless sink and replace countertop with seashells and a limestone sink. Isle of Kate.The whole inside is a beach except Brm and it's a bamboo hut. LO THANK YOU!
Thank you so much for this video. It helped me to build a dream kitchen and custom bench seat
Awesome vid mate from down under 🇦🇺
Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous!
Great job Michael, I am impressed with the flexural strength, and I must say I appreciate your proper use of terminology.
looks great, looking forward to making one sometime soon
👍👍👍
I thought it was a good video, then you mentioned it was your first, and I was very impressed. Nice video sir.
Watched this video & loved it.  Makes me much more confident about making a top for the outdoor bar.  Fingers crossed it turns out as good as the one in the video.  Weekend project!
Nice job ,I don't think it could be done any easier! Like your style
I am interested in giving this a shot, but my project is for a weber kettle grill table and have a few questions. First, I need a 26 in hole offset to one side. Any advice on how to make the hole without fail? Also if I need that size hole is there a depth you'd recommend the for the stability of the edges around the hole?  Is it possible to screw into the concrete (in this case to affix the kettle brackets to the concrete) Anything you would do to the finished top to protect from heat and the outdoor elements?   Thanks for the excellent video.
This was your first video? yeah i hit the subscribe.
That’s gorgeous!
Mortar is mortar. Concrete is concrete.
He speaks n explains too too much, so found him very boring
What about adding color options, for say a tan color to maybe look kinda like quartz counter tops? also what video editor did you use?
Inspiration for lockdown projects...🤣👌 you are awesome at this. I'm placing a big order tommorow aiming to combine this project with a brick barbeque.🤷‍♂️ never done it before so I'll video it if you fancy a laugh.😅🤞
Great first video!!! Great effects with  the camera. 👍🏽
Are they the 55lb bags? Or the 25lb?
Great Video! What about sealing it? Any tips? Or just regular concrete sealer? Any need to polish?
Hmmm. I’m too intrigued not to try this out... I went to the comments to see others who tried it out to see what their thoughts were, and first thing I saw was about “you should do this...” or “my advice is...” and some BS as if every one of them are each pro vloggers... before seeing the comments, I was literally watching and thinking “man! This guy does a great job editing and comprising a instructional video!”
facebook is gay i dont use it...
What does the mortar mix consists of
This awesome . Stencil question.. it bothering me. Does the stenclie just have to applied upside down ?
Awesome!
In case y'all were wondering.. the construction adhesive works just as well as silicone to seal the corners of the melamine mold... damn it.
Hey Mike, do you add any color to the mix?  And what color would you say it’s closest to once it’s fully cured.  Thanks!
Very cool! I'm going to try this one out, since I no longer have a job, might as well do something! Lol. I absolutely love this project! Thx
Great video. Thanks
impressive
1st video???? Hard to believe, VERY well done! Excellent project, will be on my "to do list" for the summer! Thanks for posting.
I used this method over the weekend to cast a 2' x 8' x 2" outdoor bar top. In general, it worked very well. A couple of notes and other things I learned:    1. If you haven't done this before (I hadn't), and if it's possible with your time or budget or desired level of effort outlay, I would highly recommend a "test cast" of either a full or half bag of mortar in a small mold, before making your finished product. Its really good to get your technique down and practice! A small mold would be about 2'x2'x1.5" which would be a single 0.5 cu/ft bag.   2. I used the WD-40 as recommended, however I forgot to wipe it down before pouring. Turns out this is NOT an optional step. My slab has very evident graffiti-like markings where I sprayed the WD-40. Frankly, the melamine is so slick I'm not even sure this step is needed. Again, a test casting would have found this issue.    3. Make sure whatever structure you are casting on is ROCK SOLID and doesn't allow for any sagging in the mold as the concrete cures. The melamine is surprisingly resistant to deflection but remember that each bag of mix adds 55+ lbs of weight and that adds up quickly. I had a large corner crack off my casting and I attribute that to the mold sagging in the middle over the sawhorses I had it placed on as the concrete cured.
Question. I did this build with same products and measurements. Kept it wet for an hour, then let it dry before I flipped it. When flipping it over the middle fell out. I did put a 2" PVC coupler in middle for an umbrella to go into. Size is 3'6" x 6'6". 4 bags put me a quarter inch short from edge of mold. Something this big should I use some rebar? Also, should I mix each bag then dump them all or mix and pour, mix and pour.......
So I wasn't even thinking about doing one of these... but you just convinced me I must try to make one! Lol. You're very talented and I'm glad I ran across this vid. Great job and thanks!
This was a fun video to watch, great sound affects and really cool outcome. You are an entertaining host. QQ: If I wanted to get a more of a leather look or dark slab, what do you recommend? add color to the mix or as a finish after the slab is done? Thanks in advance.
One thing you could do when making the live edge is to clamp a scrap board right near the edge, so you can't make a miss and clop off more than you intended. The board would take any hits not right on the edge... I doubt if you'd get too much of a line from this, the concrete would still fracture up under the clamped wood, but it would keep your strikes in a very narrow range...  Curious: Have you done anything with aircrete? Wondering what your thoughts are.
How you can trust the strength of this counter top if you didn't put inside even a few rebars or a rebar net?
Can this be done on a kitchen countertop, Michael? What would you suggest using on the bottom to brace mine since it will be higher than the normal coffee table?   I just celebrated 8 years of marriage with my house and were finally able to buy a house on our own... I wanted to surprise her by making the countertop on my own and engraving our names on it. I think it would be the icing on the cake (the cake being moving in the new house). Any guidance would be appreciated!  GREAT JOB ON THE VIDEO. YOU NEVER KNOW YOU COULD HELP AND INSPIRE A GUY LIVING MORE THAN 7,000 MILES AWAY FROM YOU :)
I love this build. Cheap, natural and modern look.
Omg you’re amazing! such a great video even for a girl to do... what if we want it darker?
Oh my fucking GOD this was the best freaking tutorial on DIY concrete countertop THANKS AMIGO!
Awesome job. I would have never believed it was your first video. I have been looking for a long, shallow sink for my shop (to be tilted slightly to drain into standard slop sink) for easier "wet" work. Couldn't find any scrap Corian of sufficient size or thickness and phenolic was looking too expensive. I intend to try your method to solve my problem. I will just add a piece of material on the bottom of the mold to give me the depth I want (probably 1 to 1.25 inches (depending on the weight calculation for a suitable overall thickness). And will seal the top with epoxy and then urethane (more resistant to chemicals).
Amazing video...I m a fan already... question...how do you ensure the tile grout doesn't spread when u pour cement?
You're amazing!!
Man I swear to God you are the one of the best
did this job take more than the 2 bags of concrete? it looked a little low after the 2nd pour.
Think this would hold up to drilling for holes for faucet? Or best to try to do it in the mold process.
Can the wood box template be used again or is this a 1 time use ?
great video,can i use crushed glass with rapid set and grind to a smooth finish?
Why blur out prices? Smdh
Awesome video. Just one question. You coated the inside of the form with wd40, so it would release easily. But if I want to stain the surface of the concrete, will the wd40 interfere with the stain? Thanks again.
Nice work. I'm going to make a few of these tops for my outdoor bbq area
Loved the video! I’m looking for ideas to recover my ugly countertops... (I cant replace them).  You’re funny, and a great teacher too!
the best first video evah (Boston accent).  Professional and excellent presentation. And on my birthday! almost 3.5 million views in 1.5 years, wow!  Incredible in every way.
first video . awsome
The question may be stupid, but where you get the dry sanded grout?
think this would be strong enough to a stair tread for stairs made out of concrete blocks?
Love it want to do it.  Is there a way to pre color it white, or paint white later?
Next up: Concrete Jazzmaster.
4:49 Yikes, what an interesting walk
Very cool!
Brilliant, when you started giving a live edge I was Nooooooo, but definitely needed. Well done
Brilliant video. But how come the tile grout doesn't splatter all over when pouring concrete
Great job on the video.  Great job on the table.  Great job!
I agree, first video? You do incredible work!
The greatest.
I used Lehigh white cement with blue glass. It comes out awesome after hitting it with the 3k pad. The shine is mesmerizing.
Love the vids.  Great ideas. Keep them coming.  Question, now that time has past since making this table, has there been any issues with how you made it; concrete cracks or chips or... ??   Thanks in advance
show us more
I like that. Good job young man.
Thank you for this fantastic video! How thin can you make your slabs without rebar or other reinforcement for them to be strong enough for countertops?
My hearing is poor, so it would help a lot if you turn down your background music!
I watch my share of YouTube. I have never finished a diy video. Great project, great style video!
First: Let me say this is an excellent tutorial. Well constructed. Well played and easy to understand. I've been wanting to make a counter/table top for my computer area and this gives me the ammunition I need. As a HD employee I certainly hope Rapid set is a sponsor because you did them proud.
This made me happy 😁
Industrial edge makes it incredible!!! Also, I learned what type of hammer I got at a yard sale-masonry hammer! Thanks
any epoxy, sealer, or anything you recommend to give the table a gloss finish?
Great job!!!! Thank you for sharing!!
Can you color it see we are doing a burnt wood look and that would look bad to the bone.
Could u show mabe how to make a square concrete bathtub we won’t to do one but no video out there
Epic bro.great job 🤙
what a great job on your first video. i really enjoyed both the vid and its content.
Beautiful end project!  I have searched, but am unable to locate a decent video on staining concrete counters.  Do you have a video on that or can you recommend one that would be useful?
Mike. Great videos I want to build  an 18 inch by 7 ft counter out of concrete for my outdoor patio . Also was going to mount 4 x4 clamps into the mortar mix to help with mounting  Any issue G
Can you add color to it
Nice project.  Great job.
Didn't the tile mortar powder run over when you were pouring the cement mixture?? Did you set it with stone thing else ?
That looks sick! How much did this cost you to make? I think I’m going to try this and I’m a complete novice
I think I'm the world's worst caulker... that's it.  nuff said.  Though... did do this to make a counter in my wine cellar. Love it.
What a fantastic teacher you are!!!!  Dude, don't change a thing!
Awesome video!!! Thinking about doing it for a project that I am working on right now. Just wondering what are the dimensions of it? Reason I am asking is because I do not know how many bags I will need.
Started out with too much talking but damn, once you started mixing and pouring I was hooked.
Love it love it you done a great job you made things simple you explain to him that you didn’t just talked on and on and on I appreciate that I’m gonna be watching you good luck Mike
Awesome
You cool ass creative cat! Very inspiring and informative. If this is your first I can't wait to check out your others. Thank you.
Wow! Great video. Thank you.
You are the bad man !!!!!     Loved your video .   please don't ever stop good good good
nope . don't even have a facebook page. soo, anyone here wanna help me install this bad boy?
Great Job!! .. love the simplicity of the project..
so, possibly a bad question, but rather than using any screws to hold the mold together, would using a hotglue gun do the trick?  Quick attachment, no splitting, strong enough to keep the mold together for cement, but easy to pull apart when finished, and it creates it's own seal for the gaps.  Am I right or should this not be tried?
America ‘free’ greets from Holland.
Thank you👍.
Dude! This is awesome! Great job!!
Very cool! I'm totally going to make one of these.
Cool project bud!
Great video, and great detail.  I'm one who needs to be shown every excruciating detail, and it appears yours has that.  I plan to give this a try, and after watching Brian's video on what can go wrong and how to recover, I feel confident in success.I am considering starting out by actually making pavers for next to my driveway, and I need right about 44 inches wide, so this method should work well to make duplicate pavers with a few molds.
Killer job THANKS for video ✔✔✔
Great video! Most important question do you have Jesus Christ in your heart?
Great video! Do you think this could be don't for a dinner table?
Great vid 👍👍👍 well done great ideas pallet base can be used with any top well done
CSA is NOT stronger than Portland cement, but it is quite strong enough for most applications. Plus you're not level. Plus you didn't pour enough concrete so your screed didn't work. Sigh
My son wants concrete counters, now I know how. Awesome video. Thanks
too smug
Wow ! Your first video. Pretty good for your first one !
Just saw this video.....I'm so firing my handy man who wanted to charge me an arm and a leg for a similar project.  Thank you
good video can you show me how to make a concrete kitchen sink
Smh.. 🤣 A lot of useless dramatics, but great information.
Mal-a-MYNE , not malamean... #sigh...
You did a great job and made a very creative table. Great photography too! Hope you make many more!
Fantastic!
UNFRICKIN' BELIVABLE!!!  YOU ARE A GENIUS!!!  THANK YOU!!  A MILLION TIMES THANK YOU!!  I'm Subscribing to your channel!  I've wanted to do concrete projects for years, then I listen to other peoples horror stories of their fails and set the idea aside, but no longer.  Your instructions are fantastic as well as the additional helpful comments of some of the experienced viewers too.  I'm DOING This Now!!!  I have some additionl ideas I'm going to try too, how about powdered concrete stain rather than grey for the veining, use this method to make a shower pan with miscellaneous objects of interest set into the concrete to create a non-slip surface or black flat river rock set into the concrete, powered concrete stain in the water before mixing so the concrete is colored, epoxy to seal the concrete, I CAN FABRICATE THE JAPANESE SOAKING TUB I'VE ALWAYS WANTED!!..... and all that inspiration comes Just Moments After Viewing Your Video!!!  YOU ARE SUPERB!!  I'm going to go watch all your other videos now.  And by the way.... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE EMBELLISHMENTS YOU HAVE ADDED TO YOUR SHED!!
Like your video man I'm into this kind of stuff myself. I have several projects to share.
Lol now he's going to bug you for matching end tables.... And I subscribed
Very nice 👍🏼👍🏼
Great video!    Entertaining and informative.    Questions -  How thin can the slab be?    Also what’s the largest size for a slab?   Would you need control joints for a large span?
The vids are excellent, your a funny guy and edits are very good keep them up. Chris UK
Does anybody know if you'd be able to add paint instead of water? To make it more of an epoxy type countertop?
After you sprayed wd40 did u pour grout sand right away?
Sorry,  hate to leave a negative review but the "music" & it's volume was very distracting. Couldn't get to end. Thanks anyway.
Great video Mike expression the for your 1st go would not have guessed this was your 1st video anyways are wondered if by chance you could use something like a Styrofoam to lighten it up a little bit so you didn't have such a heavy weight on top of your project I was just wondering if that could possibly work something like it and inch thick  Styrofoam then you could pour concrete under it the side  Of it on top of it it would just take somes face up so you wouldn't have such a heavy piece I don't know for sure or not if that would work also I was wondering if you would need to use some kind of rebar or concrete mesh if you will to strengthen it if you were using  It where you didn't have cabinets under it but like a shelf instead of a countertop great video man your top notch I'm real glad that I was able to watch it you did a fantastic job on explaining everything can't wait to try it for myself and see how creative I can be I have done son stamping and made my own stepping stones from forms that I've made so I'm really excited to see which directions I can go with this God-bless you God-bless America and God speed be with us all have a good day Mike thank you
Great job! Good photography and editing!
Great video
Great job love the project
Loved the video, nothing was overlooked and had enough info/ instructions. It's the best one for concrete counter tops that I've seen.
great video and build. this is something that I'm excited to try
Saving this project for sure.  Thanks dude
This is awesome!!  Keep it up!
Can you explain more about the water curing?  Once it starts turning color you just soak it one time? Or keep soaking it for the whole hour?   Thanks, great video
Great Video. Keep em coming. I gonna build some shit. Hell Yeah
When you "pulled the nail with your teeth and spit it out" you should have shown the nail landing and a tooth also.
The super plasticizer makes the concert super strong used on most industrial jobs
I want to see the last few seconds of cutting the board at 5:00 please.
Beautiful
Thank you for making this video,  it is very helpful.  Looks like a treasure map as well as old stone.
Can't wait to try this on my own. 3 Questions. Is that mold 4ft x 2ft x 2in? Did you only have to use 2 bags of mortar and Can you use Quickcrete Mortar mix? Its $6 for a 60lb bag
Can I use Cement All for a project like that? The Home Depot worker told me that it was better for more smooth surface ?
How did you manage to get the tile and grout powder on stencil to maintain when the concrete was. poured on top. of. it?
Great job!  I think you did well on the production values and kept it very interesting...  Really nice outcome too!
Amazing 👍
Is nice job. Couldve saved even more time by not smoothing the silicone. Since you rough cut the edges.
you've got some cool videos . i've made a lot of stuff with pallets . https://www.facebook.com/Jeffs-Pallet-Projects-1872691812946160/ . i gonna copy your example for the top when we redo the bathroom vanity . thanks for sharing , take care
I just can't believe it is your first video ...Dude you got what is need it to really make your channel one of the top ones ,,, you have good humor that keep us watching ,, the tips provided are really useful and well explained ... new subscriber for sure .. thanks for this tutorial
That was awesome man I'm heading to home depot thanks for your knowledge
Would a chisel work to create the live edges instead of having to buy a masonry hammer?
Great video
Can you keep the molds and reuse them a few more times?  You are awesome by the way.  I just found you and subscribed. And for a first video, well you did way better than I could hope to do. Thanks
Can this be polished like concert?
it helps to put the buckets in something more stable then just grass (say some pavers of the like)... otherwise the mould will sag out of level during the pour.... right?? Resulting in a countertop which is thinner at one end...
You are cute and funny. Thanks for the simple instructions. Looking forward to making a concrete counter top with broken bottle glass bits this summer.
Smart quick easy, and funny, worth the watch!
I love your attitude, entertaining from start to finish.
Damn! That’s was awesome
Loved this video and advice. So encouraging to take on projects! My only gripe is the music is incredibly distracting.. wish I could have heard you without my ears hurting 😫
Awesome
Loved all of it! Great info, nice technique, killer tips AND I'm getting a bucket scraper.
Hi Michael, great video. I follow your procedures but unfortunately my concrete table broke after 1 week, any idea what might have gone wrong? Here are few things I did through the process. It was necessary to do 2 batches to fill my cast and I don't think it bonded well and also I decided to put on the bottom of the cast a piece o wood (walnut). I believe this mix did not work well if the wook because it crack right in the connection between both parts.
This looks like a cool project.
The concrete needs reinforcement.
Nice job man I was a little skeptical on the compass but it turned out great
Great job for a first video
Awesome video do you have one for a bathroom sink?
should have puit in some reinforcement in the when pouring the concrete so the slap is actualy durable. this way it's pretty easy break
Awesome man👍
I love your videos!   Keep up the good work!   Can you incorporate a backsplash with the countertop, for a kitchen?    I have an idea on how to do it with a more complex mold, but I would like to heard your suggestions.
Great sense of humor too. Good job!
Great video! I'm going to use your concrete countertop technique for a kettle BBQ grill table. I figure I just need a round mold in the middle for my 22" Weber kettle to drop into. I won't be able to get to it for a couple months. Maybe you can beat me to it and I can follow your lead. 😏
This is awesome! He is an creative artist......very good work Michael.
Your first video is at 3mill+ !!! wow! nice work!!!
Excellent bud!
Cool video but that annoying sound isn't music
Looking to make a durable gardening table along these lines. Could this idea work for that?
Spot on!
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
good stuff thanks
I missed why this doesn't need reinforcement?
wow! off to a kick ass start! keep it up brother !
this was great! did you seal the concrete?
your project is beautiful! I would love to do something like this for my kitchen sink counter top. but I would have to pour in place because I can't carry something like that to install anymore. love the design you did with the veins. could you do a pour in place project with similar design results. thank you.
It came out lovely ! What are the measurements ? I’ll like to try this
Michael, great video! I like the way you input your B roll. Going to start using it in my videos. I subscribed and look forward to you story telling on other videos!
I have never seen a more interesting and fun video.  The cuts and gags were terrific.  To do all that and film?  you killed it.
That was so cool, and for your first video a good job! Sound could be adjusted, but that's all. Fun and educational. I look forward to learning more from you.
Hello, how did you calculate the volume or basically the amount of each element? Thanks in advance, great tutorial.
fine job
Nice job the first video keep up the good work.
If this saves me $6k dollars on an overpriced granite countertop and gets my house sold? I will be happy.  Woo hoo I get to use window cleaner and WD 40?  Even better!  And you have a pallet pile too!  /facepalm
a chisel will save you hours! And be a lot more controllable for most people
Wow. You got lots of awesome hints
So I tried this method and I got tons of little cracks and it did not set right. Might have been the low temperature idk.
"No sharp edges .." proceeds to destroy the smooth edge ;-/
Dude this turned out awesome.. I'm so going to do this build.
2.5k people do not know the experience of "doing what ya want" :(  Great tutorial and for this being your 1st diy video....you have some mad video skills!
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
How do you avoid the pour marks?
Can you do a video on how to do a pour in place countertop for a bar (with overhang)?
I am redoing my guest bathroom and came across your video.  You have inspired me to pour my own vanity top.  Great video!!!!
This is by far the best video on how to make concrete countertops. Thanks for putting it out there.
you could direct the next Guy Ritchie movie! ;)
Can you stain this quick set material the same as regular mortar mix?  Would love to see you do an instructional video on staining techniques.
Your first video?!...C'mon, is damn to good...Everything. Well, except the loud music...I'm in!
the only part I don't understand is the water part. do you have to spray it with water for a full hour?
Me encanta!!
This is an awesome video I can't wait to try this.
I can NOT believe that you stood on that concrete slab after only 1 hour. Clearly, it was fine, but man, my paranoia is too high for that. GREAT video.  Thanks!
Just used your technique, I did one change,  I added a package of set control also and it gave me plenty of time to get air bubbles out.  After releasing from molds I had ZERO air bubbles.  Awesome tutorial bro, thanks.
You just earn a new subscriber! I am a third year carpenter I am looking for a project that challenges my skills! This is just one of them!
I can't believe this is your first video.  You are a natural.  I'm so motivated to make a countertop for my entertainment center.  Thank you!
So much time...So few results. Sorry bud!
Amazing, amazing, amazing!!!! I will start changing all my counters with my own made! Have you tried vermiculite in your mix? I would like to make it lighter but concern with its strength. Is there any pigmentation you would recommend?
hey great job on your first video. i learned some cool stuff . thanks for the great tips. wish i could figure out how to use idea but still pour in place. my situation does not lend well to inverted form.. thanks again!!
Sticks bare hands in wet concrete 🤗😬...Mixes with no mask🙊..Puts safety glasses on to chip.😎 LOL. Nice job on the counter though.
Great project...just followed these directions and made new vanity countertops.  Came out great...thanks for the easy tips.
What is to longest you can make a countertop before reinforcement will be required?
Subscribed!👍🏻
I watched another video, and I wasn't expecting to be so excited about this one
Regular runs to Dopey Depot are the norm around here...
First, great video. Second, what type of sealer should be used to protect against stains, etc. Sorry if the question has already been asked. Thanks!
I love your videos! I want to do a pour in place kitchen counter top. But I want an interesting edge to it. Can you help with this?🤣
What color would you say the mortar dries too without being wet? It looks to be pretty white is that true?
One question, is that type of material able to be polished?
That’s it, I’m doing my bathroom counters like this, thanks bro
Bro!!..u make it look so easy! Awesome!
How would you make a hole for a recessed sink, great video
That window cleaner tho..... man that's priceless thanks!
Any idea how you would make the concrete white ,or lighter with that same rapid mortar. There's a lot of methods out there , I'd like to here yours
This video is so good! Some great point of view shots from inside bucket....🤩great project  you make it look easy👏👏👏👏
My staff and I used your video to make counters for our public bathrooms. The set time on this stuff is fast!!! We had to start watering almost immediately. But once we broke one counter we learned a lot from it and the next 4 came out great! We had to use rebar because we have two sink cutouts. We used 3 ppl to keep the mix consistent between the 2.5 buckets of cement. Awesome video! Thank you!
Did you ever make a video on how to make an “L” shaped concrete countertop? I am going to practice making smaller pieces but eventually want to make a kitchen one.
Hey Michael, how are you attaching countertops to cabinets?
I have experimented over the last few years making different concrete tops with not as much success as I had hoped for. I watched your video and man what a difference it has made. Very happy with how my tops are turning out now. The mix and flow control were the 2 biggest takeaways from your video(s). Thanks for sharing!
Should have flipped the stencil over so that it would transfer correctly.
This taught me everything I needed to know for my countertops at home! Thank you!!
👍🍻
lol Calm down with the editing bro Good video though
Great video would this be strong enough for a bar top thats used a bit without metal reinforcing
Awesome vid. Can this counter top be used to build bbq a pit? Will it take the heat?
Found this by accident as my husband and I make plans to begin building this spring. I accidentally woke him up watching this saying “what magic is this” when you added the flow control. Great video.
I'd love to see some more DIY stuff but for someone who doesn't have a plethora of tools.  I currently live in an apartment but have been experimenting with pallets, made a blanket ladder for my fiance.  Just easy things that can be done with minimal tools (i.e. is there a way to use a circular saw to mill lumber?).  This video was great! Maybe one day I'll dabble in concrete.
Great video
Nice!!  Would love to see what the reclaimed pallet wood done in Sho Sugi Ban.  I think that would have elevated this to a whole new level
How to get the color to be white?
Absolutely love this video and thank you for making it. Definitely looking forward to seeing more.
This video may save me a ton of work and time!!  I am getting ready to make my countertops and an architecture friend sent me your link.  .  I bought Cheng Pro Formula Concrete Precast Countertop mix to give color to them.  Do you know if this will work with the rapid set morter and flow control?
Can you color the cement?  Oh and I love your show.
10/10
Dude the result is AWESOME!
Thanks for all ur help.   We did our kichen  looks amazing  thanks for all ur videos  and all.the extra  info u give
1st video? Damn, that was amazing! Inspired. Thank you.
Love your attitude.. And of course your project.😀😀💪💪👍 Count on New subscriber
Sounds like the Cody’s Lab theme song during the mold making segment!
Actually, melamine isn't the whole board.  It's just the white plastic skin on the smooth surface of the particle board.  So, it's melamine skinned particle board.
Awesome job, I wanna build a bar in my basement and this will be my counter top. Thanks brother
You made this look fun. Great video
Great video, keep it up.
I really enjoy your video..it was very entertaining and very well edited...congratulations,  looking forward to see your next videos.
Michael you are the my DIY MENTOR.. AND A FOLLOWER YOU SURE GOT WHAT IT TAKES BOSS KEEP THEM VISEOS COMING CAPTAIN YOU JUST GIT ME AS A FOLLOWER..GOOD JOB BUBB🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸👍👍
Looks pretty good, wondering if you were looking a sort of Marble look could you have added a bit of white dye to the concrete mix?
Beautiful...great job
like in subscribed by the time you got to depot..  going to finish now... great personality
No way this was your first video! You did great, thanks a ton for the idea! My brains just spinning with ideas of how to branch off and do my own thing like this!
Best instructional video EVER!! If my first video was even half as good as this I would be bloody stoked! You rock dude, keep 'em coming.
Neither Home Depot nor any other local hw store stock the Flow Control.  Can't find it online either (Amazon, Home Depot, etc).  Any suggestions?
Looking into doing a countertop for my mother, she told me about you and as I was watching I was like “I bet this dude has a shit load of followers, his videos are the shit.” Lol then she announces this is your first video. Great job man, keep up the work
OK so that was a fantastic video congrats! Tell me me this if a fella wanted to make a black concrete top like this when and what would in put into the mix? Is there a particular color product you'd recommend? Put color in water before adding mortar? I'm doing a 19' x 2' fireplace hearth ( will do it in 5 sections and install to look like 5 large pavers)
Wow, this has to be the most entertaining how to video ever. Great job man. Can't wait to watch more.
You know all the thumbs down on this video are from all the, know it all's and the ,i can do it better , contractors out there,  man stop being a hater. Good job Mike
are you from Colombia? I dont reckognize that flag.   And btw: isnt rebar more sturdy then rotten wood to make a concrete structure?
Do you have a link for the product you used to do the veins in the concrete?
I can't believe this is your first video. You are incredible! So fun and easy to watch. I'm going to watch everything now!
This tutorial was the sh*#!!!! Great job, I've already sent it to like 4 people, lol. & I use to work at THD! But in flooring. It's winter now but this is one of the 1st things I'm making this Spring, I can't wait. This will be a perfect surface for a potting/planting workshop table, I'm just going to research how to make the base a little sturdier so it can be about waist length height. TY!!! & Keep the videos coming!! 🤘🤘
You made me smile, feeling happy and inspired. Thanks !
It might be the whisky, but man this is cool.
Great video. I'd like to have seen you seal it to make it easier to clean. Love the way the flow control made it soupy w/o water. I can do this
I would read the comments myself to find the answer but there are over 8,000!  Has anyone seen/tried a way to make white slabs with this method?  Very curious if it can be done...
Very well, however, if you don't have iron in it, it will crack later on when it is exposed to the heat and cold...
Thanks for the awesome video! What would you do if you were doing an enormous ( and I mean... enormous!) Island top that could not be transported?
made my nephew one for Christmas, CONCRET AIN'T FORGIVING ONE BIT!!!!!   The first pour was definitely a learning experience, but the second one came out great!  Thanks for this video
how about a hole in the middle say for a big green egg or soemthing
this guy is keemstars brother
I did a test countertop yesterday.  Everything went as planned except your countertop looks more white, mine turned out sand/tan color.  How does your tops appear to be much better color than mine using the identical product?
Ditto on all the comments below but you really Bob Ross’ed me when you you pulled out that pick hammer which was the equivalent of slapping a giant tree across your beautiful painting. Love it! And now my Thai wife understands Bob Ross and the pile of pallets on the side of our house!
Thank you for a completely entertaining and informative video!  I’m subscribing, well done!  And thank you, going to try this for our new home!
cool idea.... i wanna do something like this on my next project branding a name on it
"This is American and I can do what I want"....LOVE IT!
Wow man your very talented
What product would you recommend to make counter tops bright white quarts white. We have tried lahabra additve but still gray.   Amazing videos keep them coming!
Best DIY show I’ve ever seen. Well done
Hi Michael, Can you use this method on a 4'X8'X3" for an outdoor patio table? Awesome Video love the presentation!!
turn the background noice down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a rear concrete slab video where the mould does not have to be broken when trying to separate. Great job on video as well 👏👏 I am trying this
You should have your own TV show. Amazing content and charismatic delivery!
Amazing tutorial. All the people worried about your background music are just ignorant. Subscribed! It's a no brainer.
Ya done good!
great idea. I'll be making one for sure.
Hi Michael, thanks so much for the informative, entertaining video! I would love to try this for my kitchen. I know you show that the mortar mix is strong on its own but do you recommend any additional strengtheners like rebar or glass fiber around weak points like a sink?
Ok so if you wanted to reinforce the reverse mold with rebar (to appease a nervous customer), what would your approach be to suspending the rebar as to not penetrate the top surface?
AMAZING! Thank you
great job i'm in
I saw this video and started following you last February. Came back for a refresher, I'm finally ready to pour my counter tops in my loft so...  I go to Home Depot site and on the page for Melamine...  "Frequently bought together" - Melamine, Rapid Set Flow Control, Rapid Set Mortar Mix  Dude, you created a Home Depot trend!  Side note: I bought some Chromaflow Cal-Tint lamp black dye, hopefully it works and I get nice black counters!
Impressive. . .
Haha I screwed up made it 2 inch thick really heavy
so all the top is smooth? any holes on the top?
You’re table out F*****g nice!👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Your video is great, detailed and to the point.  Question, most other diy use "concrete", not mortar. Is this because yours are outdoor ? Can you still use your method for indoor ?
Dear V  Good. V  Nice............
A cool trick you could use to hide the fresh cuts on the pallet wood is let steel wool soak in vinegar for a couple days then brush it on the fresh cut spots and it'll age it withing minutes to match the rest of the wood
Nice work
this is awesome! gives me way more confidence for my kitchen remodel in the spring
Excellent work Man..  Very entertaining to watch as well...  Thank you!
Great video. I can’t believe this is your first video. You will blow YouTube out of the water. Wow
Awesome! Thanks for the great detail. That piece is is beautiful. Deff subscribed, Happy New Year 👍
Fantastic channel, so with a sink  would this method be strong enough as to not need internal reinforcement in front and back of the sink?
Your attitude is what got my attention. You give the poor man a shot of having some cool stuff very inexpensive. Your detail is amazing. Great job bubba. You have a follower for sure! Absolutely loved the video.        Legend has it that coffee table is still in your back yard next to the grill lol just kidding it is really nice
I would like to see you build a wooden hot tub, out of 2*4.. with some type of concrete added to it.. is that possible.. bu the way... I enjoyed the video
So this is basically a Home Depot infomercial........
Good job
How would you approach pouring a counter top like this only with an integrated concrete sink basin? I have a bowl form I made at work with a 3D printer. I'm just not sure of the pour timing with rapid set and flow control. Would I wait for the counter portion to start setting up before pouring the bowl on top of it? Or would that not work out with the different pours adhering to each other?
Really cool project great information about the cement and you finish it off with a piece of crap pallet for a stand that you turned into a masterpiece I'm loving it man great video great commentary great project come to think of it your cousin's coffee table about same shape mine is
would this be good as an outdoor countertop in Pennsylvania? Would be awesome with my grill set up.
I just love the idea with the dry grout gives you many options with designs.. Thanks
If I want just a little recessed lip where a sink will sit would it be possible to do with a router rather than fuss around with adding a little 1/8" extra layer in the mold?
Thanks for making this pal. Much appreciation.
Liked the video but hated the music...keep up the good work
I was going to come here and bitch about the audio but then I saw it was your first video. Great job. Subscribed.
Great video loved how the table came out,. 2 things.  Wouldn't it be easier to add the plasticiser to the water before you add the mortar? And why didn't you use rapid set concrete mix.  I know you said the mortar is strong, but the aggregate does add quite a bit of strength.  Never hurts to over engineer right?
I'd be super tempted to put a polyurethane coating over the top of that.
D U D E.... first video?!?! Great content, edits and perfect timing with humor. Ohhh, and btw... 3.1 MILLION VIEWS!!!  #legend Congratulations, you’re earned it! Stay sassy and keep it coming!! Cheers!! 🥂
Could you polish that concrete? Or would it wreck the design?
Great video, Michael.  Long time concrete guy here, and was thinking about trying to precast some of these as a side gig when time is available. You have some great insight, and lit an inspiration fire with this vid big time!   Down to the "test lab" I go...thank you sir!
Well done Mike!...I have been in the building trade since the early 1970's and a custom, ground up builder for the last 30 years. I only sub large flat work. I hate drywall, laminates, engineered flooring and carpet! All of my home's exterior AND interior treatments consists of real stone and wood. In fact, I have a band saw mill and saw up timbers from large evergreens on my ranch to create a hybrid timber frame. My counter tops have traditionally been granite, which have been machine fabricated and then I install. Granite looks great, but it's spendy. And granite fabrication by hand is very laborious. After watching Stone Coat Countertops videos and your excellent video, I'm going to take the plunge and fabricate the counters on the $2 million dollar home project I am currently building. I still have to build the expansive cabinet carcasses and doors before I can do the counters, but I'm excited to try your technique AND the use of high strength mortar mix. I'm an "old dog"...but you have taught me a new trick!
Thumbs up all the way on how to do it. More colors would seem to make it more in house, kitchen ready. Also what about chipping repair. Thanks
Cheers from Connecticut
what is happening haha, not cool. whats happening. maybe hes from overseas
High Quality video and instruction.  Keep up the good work my man; you will only get better. God Bless
Love your videos!  Have you made any countertops that are thinner?  I am wanting to replace a bathroom countertop that presently an acrylic slab about an inch thick.
When I saw the disclaimer at the beginning of this video, I wrote this comment, and went straight to another video. Any video.
How do I get the residual grout of without it streaking across the surface of the counter top.
I made 2 of these tops, 34" x 36" one I used some wire mesh, the other I did not.  The one without the wire mesh broke in two when took it out of the mold. Was that a coincidence or is there  a width limit?
If unsealed in a zone that freezes the design will be the source of cracking
Wow!! I got to dance and watch this video at the same time
Amazing !
I've never done any concrete, stonework, or masonry but for some reason YouTube put this amazing video in my feed.
Did you spray the tile grout to let it set up?
some people appreciate videos where the moderator act like a dick I do not I lasted 90 seconds with you
Like the video wish you didn’t use music when you speak.
Where do I get “dry sanded tile grout”??? Or how do I make it?
next video. How to balance audio levels in one hour...
I like the designs but I think most people would need an epoxy to cover the porous surface for food prep right?
@ 4:19 he says he's Not going to bother reinforcing it after explaining the psi it starts out then finishes as to answer the several questions
Nice work! Wondering if you can add dye/ color to these counters?
Dude, I'm a contractor and laugh at a lot of DIY projects... Your project, your video, your commentary, on point. Nice job man!
Did I miss it or did you not use any form of rebar
Why mortar mix instead of a stronger concrete?
no rebar or wire?
Fantastic work!!!  I want to try this out so bad. I think after i watch it a couple of times, i am going to try it!  Thank you and keep up the great content.
When do you tap for bubbles, right after pour, mid way through cure, or close to the end of cure?
Hi Michael - I hope you are able to see this relatively quickly. I was wondering if there is a way to dye the concrete to make it close to white? Have you used anything like additive to change the color of the mortar mix? I am currently making a dining table and wanted to use this technique to do a concrete top, but I would like to have a white-ish top as opposed to like grey or tan that the mortar mix comes out as. I was also planning on using some Crushed Glass on top and sanding it down to expose them on the top layer - add a little bit of a pop you know?    any advice would be appreciated my friend - thanks much for such a great video.
Gonna do it this week like the big  D also
Great sound effects, great job........only one flaw........the music......tone it down so u can talk over it and it will be good....   cheers
Great Video👍
Good video
I just subscribed to you just based on this one video. TERRIFIC.
You gave me a trauma, it was beautiful and I do not know why you did the rough edges. I like the video, though.
What sealer do you recommend
Absolutely love it.......  outstanding job !!!
Awsome job.
Wow,  that was awesome!  First video?  Great job man.  You just gave me so many ideas,  the wife is going to kill me!  Lol
Just found your channel, good work man !!! How much $$ would you figure this table would sell for ??
very cool dude. thank u
Awesome video. Will this stand up for outdoor use?
Great job !!!!
Hey brother thanks for the inspiration. Check out my build  https://youtu.be/tF3m-nXQfuk
Love it!! Great stuff!
Is it easy to color the concrete?
I have watched this video so much I have it memorized!!  I am in the process of building my nephew one for Christmas.  Is there a way I can post pictures of the final product?
A couple of tips from a 20 year broadcast career...your worth is information, not snappy wit...more info, less banter & sound fx, etc. Once in a while is fine. Your production values are good, but their only purpose is to get from shot to shot...a finger snap works fine-once. Leave cool fx until the next video. Good luck with your career. Remember...your worth is information, not gimmicks.
Any tips to make a top if I want to install a quartz sink undermounted?  Also how big can I make a top section say for a large island? Looking to make a 5' x 6' top this would have the undermount sink in it. Thx!
I do like it because Im looking to do my kitchen countertops including island...
My favorite tool for vibrating small castings is a sawzall with no blade.  Works good enough.  Love the technique.  Have a kitchen and bathroom remodel coming up soon.  I may even try and cast the bowls in.  I like your grout idea and it does add to the appearance but I think thinner application would be better.
Thanks for the video! I made one for a big green egg table and unfortunately it cracked where the thinner spots connect around the grill. I added rebar but it still cracked. Any ideas?
That’s freakin beautiful.
Love this... thanks for sharing .
I'm completely sold bro. I'm going to Make a countertop for my kitchen. Awesome video.
Dude, you nailed it (literally) on all dimensions.  What a pleasure to watch.  Looking forward to seeing more of your creations as a subscriber... :)
Do you need to wait 24hrs for silicone to set up?
Vibrating with a sander is a million-dollar idea! First you should set the mold horizontal with a spirit level, however.
Sorry if this has been addressed. Is there a simple way to color the whole counter top a different color?
Awesome video love the table
What material do you use to put the design on the concrete? I am planning on making one for a Christmas gift.
Why didn’t you use the rapid set concrete  the green bag next to the mortar mix
I want to a make a matte black marble with faint white striations, sort of like soapstone. Has anyone tried staining it and what did you use that worked best? I'm doing a test run this week so we'll see!
Excellent....
This looks great! Have you stained any of these projects?
Hey I had success then none.  I base a bar 2” thick with wire mesh and rebar ties to it in the middle.  Then, I decided to make kitchen concrete countertops w rapid set mortar at 1.5” thick- I added 3/8 rebar spanning all the way across at the final end, on the first mold I forgot and in between curing I thought it was soft enough to press it down-I got ghost lines!  I tried a second mold, and set the rebar in right away at the end very liquified and ghost lines again.  The second time there was slight divots after placing the rebar in that I troweled over.  I don’t understand why I keep getting the ghost lines?  Help?
Great video!  I tried it and had an epic fail, but I’m sure it was user error!!  I think I went too big - 84” by 40” picnic table top - only 1.5 inches thick. When I flipped it after 2 days of curing, it cracked in half. I had a lot of surface cracks too, which added character and I would have been ok with. Not sure what I did wrong, but I’m gonna try again. Maybe do it in two sections this time?
https://youtu.be/TaiVl-htJks Like
Can you over or under mix it? I've never done anything with concrete and tried my best to follow your instructions. I mixed an entire bag of the Rapid set mortar mix in a bucket and threw in 5qts of water, but it was super watery. So I mixed in just enough mix from the second bag to get it thicker and then mixed in the flow control. I killed two batteries trying to mix the second batch and it ended up having a considerable amount hardened in the bottom of the bucket. Before I even poured the second bucket the first pour had hardened completely. Going to take another stab at it this weekend but debating whether I should just use regular concrete so I don't have to worry about it drying so dang fast, lol. Also going to buy a corded drill so I don't fight with batteries... Was going to upload a picture but there's no option to on here.
Great job !!!
Savage video, clear informative and easy to follow. Deadly
Amazing 1st video :) was wondering what the minimum thickness these countertops could be made?
Wish me luck gonna try this lol I will post my results
Great Job!!
Just found you, Michael.  Great vid.  Subscribed!
Liked and subscribed. Well done.
Great and entertaining video.  Thanks!
I first want to start off by, i have been a contractor for over 40 years now and im new to the web, you are not only entertaining but i love to watch your videos and run with them with my own little touches in my own home. I want to personally thank you and to also say that your channel is the first one that i have subscribed to.  Thank you so much your awesome,  Michael in cle,oh
Us guys with earphones get hit hard by loud music that drowns out the voice. great video tho, thanks for sharing, and sorry for being a stick in mud.
Michael,  in previous lives I've worked as a television news reporter and a producer with PBS, and won first place out of 28 countries in the 1988 ITVA video competition in Las Vegas.  You hit this video out of the park in your creative use of camera and your on-screen presentation.  Absolutely GREAT JOB!  In my present life I am running a small cabinet business and came across your video looking for alternatives to paying $1600 for a simple 22" X 48" granite vanity top, and it was an informative pleasure to watch.   First video?  The folks atThis Old House should be contacting you soon....
Want to try this, but have a concern about the weight. I have a wrought iron base and need the top to be 1 x 3 ft. Is this super heavy? The base doesn’t have a center support, but should I add metal supports or a sheet of plywood under the counter? I really don’t want the wood edges to show. Thanks for any help, I’m a grandma who needs advice!
Gotta say, your taste, is so different to mine!!
Hey man great video! How much cost wise you think this would cost if you had to buy everything from scratch minus the drills, screws, and wood for the frame. Also you did this at 4" thick right?
how much could one of these sell for? im thinking 300
Okay I followed this and tried it on an outdoor kitchen counter tops. They looked amazing! Was super happy I found this.  But we just had our first big freeze and all the counter tops cracked.  Any suggestions? I know I need to redo them in the spring.
How big of a table can you bild? I was thinking about building 3x6, probably be heavy so i might make it 1½ thick to trim some weight and put some rebar
One of the most amazing First videos I've ever seen!
Ive watched this vid a few times thanks! Im considering zform countertops white concrete mix($$$) but the regular motor mix you used looks very light colored.   So I have 1 question, did you consider what orientation your bro was gunna have this table placed? The compass would throw me off lol.
Hey Michael Builds, can you recommend any other type of quick setting cement for this project? Because I live on an island where there is no Home Depot. Thanks.
Awesome...I wanna try one now
4:59 I'm out after that you lose ALL credibility
Amazing! I followed this method and built a sweet 3 ft vanity top for my ensuite. Wife=thrilled. Question, does anyone have experience building longer tops with this method?? Would there be any strength concern doing a full kitchen?
Wow!! Very impressive. I'm going to use this as soon as my house is finished building to make a workbench for an outdoor BBQ area.  Hey Michael, any clever tips for how to make a raised garden bed easily? Might go with pallets to save money, but I'd prefer something more permanent-looking and just not sure laying a foundation and building with brick is the easiest option.
Amazing I’m so gonna try this !!!
I was hoping you would even show cut out for kitchen sinks construction was this video
How kuch does it weigh??
Love your videos. Keep up the good work
Not only is that a great piece of art  its halarious ya got the captain pose haha
Awsome dude! Do more, you are so real and original. Definatelly on the right track. Love the humour and simplicty.
Thanks!
Fantastic😂😂😂😘😘😘😘😘
😂holding you to your promises
Hi Michael, Can you tell me if I can make my countertop thinner than  1 1/2" say, 1"?
Margareth watches
Great video But I am English so we pick at everything Counter top in 1 hour yes but frame was 30 mins and 24 hrs for silicone to cure and 5 minutes to mix and pour so is it Counter top in 25 hours and 35 minutes not 1 hour......Great video very informative
Awesome! Thank you so much for this video!
concrete is very absorbent spill coolade  on that and its stained need to seal it
Just caught this video. Very cool Michael, loved it. Looking forward to watching more. I like your style! Looks like you're in the Great Lakes state ✋ We are in SW lower MI. about 30 minutes from the Indy border. 😄👍
Was better before you turned it over. Ugly af.
Amazing!!!!
I just came across your channel and I'm so glad I did 😊 Thanks for the great how to video. I'm curious to know what keeps the stencil material from moving while you poured the concrete? Thanks, and I'm looking forward to checking out your other videos. You're an awesome narrator 😊👍
great stuff
Great job, but for the volume of the music, and the thing about mixing anything that may produce dust. U can breathe it into your lungs now, and it won't be a problem until your my age. I'm 55, I've been doing tile and stone, remodeling all my life, and now I have a very hard time breathing, I'm telling you because there is nothing more frustrating than being strong and having no lung capacity, I will die 10 years before the more careful installer, because I didn't wear a mask. I was too tuff, and too cool. And now I'm just wishing I had. Thanks again, Wonka Luv'z y'all.
Great vid imma gonna do it! What do you think about adding a color or stain to the mix?
Great diy videos! Question, are there any alternatives to the mortar and flow control? Unfortunately don't have a Depot where I live. My Depot run consists of a 5 hour drive 😥
Awesome work, congrats.
That foaming glass cleaner trick just changed my life...
New subbie loving this! Wanna make my island counter into concert counter top!
Interesting, educational, entertaining as #@!!. Awsome job. It's always fun watching a skilled craftsman work. Can't believe WD40 worked so well as a mold release.
Very good video, can't believe it was your first one.  I learned a lot and am planning on making my first concrete counter top now.  Thanks, Sam.
Michael by far the best video diy I've ever seen. Really motivated someone to go out and do it themselves!!!! Do you by have measurements for molds so I can just have the sheet pre cut at the depot?? As I dont have the tools required but do have the rest of the items!!
Great method and demo.  I hope you go far on this  channel.
I commented on how awesome this was when you first posted it, and wanted to check in again to see how the concrete is holding up. Did the concrete continue to harden and crack at all? Is it still structurally as strong now?
Z w
Michael, how thin can you make this countertop and maintain the strength for a kitchen counter top? I like the look of something less deep, but want to be sure it’s strong enough.  Thanks for your video, so easy to follow and really beautiful inexpensive result.  Nan
Great one! A question - how does the tile grout stick to the surface and not get mixed with the concrete?
Really nice first video! The editing was perfect.
Why are they saying dude? Her husband and kids did very little. It’s nice to see American kids aren’t the only lazy kids in the world. So I’ll assume she is single now. If so, do I have to marry you to get a pool? If so, I’ll need my wife’s permission. Put a pin in that for more. All joking aside. You all did a great job. I’d love to know the totals. Time, cost and fights? Why no drain at the bottom? Loved and watched the whole video.
How heavy is this stuff Michael? Think I could use this method to pour a shower basin for an upstairs bathroom? Truly enjoy your personality.
Your FIRST VIDEO?!?  Great job!  This is my FIRST positive post.  I enjoyed it and learned from it.  Plus I like the Detroit Tigers bucket.  Hope that means you are from Detroit?
First video, damn, who was your dad, Tim the Toolman? Great video but my wife would kill me if I took to the table with the hammer to give it an edge.
My son and I did our new kitchen countertops using your method. While overall I love them, we discovered a few things I'd like to share with you to maybe help you going forward. If you're interested in chatting about it I can provide my email. Thanks, Pat
You are great! Direct and to the point and great ideas! Plus you are funny with great personality!
Michael Builds,  Thank you for a great tutorial. I am repurposing an old bathroom cabinet into a kitchen island and will definitely do a concrete counter top using your method! You made it look very easy.
Add color
First video?! This was great! Informative, easy to follow instructions and entertaining! Fantastic job! Thank you for sharing your talents with us!
Very cool. Anyone try salt?
STOP TALKING! Sorry man but after 5:35 I've had to turn you off.
great video but get rid of the music
Did u mix with sand or not
Completely loved this video,  informative, and humorous.  Excellent job!!
Lol the Bob Ross comment 😂🤣😂🤣
Really good video. I have built a few cement tables and all have turned out great but this showed a few more tricks to make it a hell of a lot easier. And the video quality is really great! Nice job.
You are a very good cousin
Seal with beeswax?
YOU DID A GOOD JOB FOR YOUR FIRST VIDEO
Hi Mike your videos are very inspiring.  I am going to attempt making countertops for a large outdoor kitchen. The appliances have been set leaving only room for 1 1/2 inches for for counter thickness.  Is 1 1/2 inches thick enough or do they need to be 2 inches?
Did your cousin liked your table? I know he did?  Thank you, it gave me a great idea to do a nice patio table. Can I make the cement in color? If so, can you make a video. Thank you and keep it coming....😁
165+thousand subs in a little more than 8 months, you are 🔥 and I can see why, flat out loved it, good for you guys, take care, God Bless ❤️
What would you seal it with if you were using it for a countertop? And why mortar instead of concrete?
Laughing hard! You inspired me! Great persona..you do you ok..loved it! Best video Ever! Subscribed😅👍
Badassery in motion! I am no stranger to rapid set or ardex products, but it still amazes me the creative prowess of concrete in the hands of an artist! You, Sir, are an artist. Great DYI video. Subbed & Liked.
Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for 👍thank you! Advance mold making please! 🤩
Excellent video, keep up the great content.
great production value for your first vid.  How would you secure that top to a wood frame?  Something like liquid nails or a bracket of some sort.
Awesome!  Definetly the best video on concrete countertop!
Man you kick some concrete ass
Love the video Michael!✨
Best video
Incredible "virgin" video! I have been super patient with doing my first concrete counter top project and so glad I waited 2+ years to come across this! I'm so sorry if this an annoying question, but what would you put on the pallet wood to make it smooth for when you need to clean/dust it?
Great job Micheal..
Excellent video and great concept!  Going to attempt this method to make kitchen countertops!
Are you single?? Asking for a friend...
What an awesome video! I hope to try to do this someday. Thanks so much Michael :)
This was amazing
great vdo you have new my 5 household  subscribe thankyou
Very nice!
Love the video.  Will get hubby to try this when e replace our yucky tile counter.
"You'll never have to watch another concrete counter top video ever again". 3 months later he releases another concrete counter top video.
Looks good! Never would of thought of just high strength motor. I'm taking back this 50$countertop mix
I dont know what's going on here
Thanks for the video. I would have left the drawing off of it though, it would have looked amazing if you had.
I love this !
Very cool man thanks for the help and will be doing this soon
LOSE the horrible music. every video has this shit. were not at a rave blowing lines of molly!  no body wants to listen to the same beat over and over. were trying to learn something not look for a fuck toy.
An awesome video. How anyone gave it a dislike I don't know. I just poured a 7 foot x 3 foot countertop for my outside bar. I included some simple grout designs, which taking the advice from another comment I sealed with hairspray. Although I've worked with concrete before, this was my first experience using rapid set. Lessons learned: Rapid set means just that! I didn't add the full 5 quarts of water, added 2.5 and started mixing. After a couple of minutes it started to go off, with the result that I ended up with a boat anchor. Never mind. Back to Home Depot for another bag. Started again, but this time through my own stupidity and excitement forgot to add the flow mix. That proved to be a big mistake as when I removed the mold there were large gaps in the top. Really bummed as the rest of it came out fantastic. I'll probably redo it as the mold is still intact. I also managed to burn up my highly expensive Harbor Freight drill (!!!!), much to my son's delight. Flames and sparks shooting everywhere. An excellent tutorial video. The cheapest quote I had for someone to install granite was around $1500, so this has been a very cheap project despite all the setbacks.
Great video man. PLEASE wear a breathing apparatus. You have a lot of faith in various dangerous chemicals lol, especially anything concrete related. Beautiful work though.
Great video !!!!!!!! Love the hat also brother
I have a question I’m curious as how you got the powder that you poured over your stencil to stay in place and keep it shape when you poured the concrete into the mold ? What was the material that you poured over the stencil ? And did it harden ?
Beautiful ty
I have never seen a guy so happy doing concrete work....LOL Been at it my entire life and dreaded every day. Never remotely considered a concrete top until now. This is a piece of cake due to your great technique and application process. Thank You and God Bless You.
that silicone + foam window cleaner trick! mind blown!!!
Great video! I did two floating vanity tops with a vessel sink on top. Used a tin can on the form for the drain cutout.
My current counter top is a very ugly tile. Can I pour one of these on top of the tile as the base ? Also, if you have a secondary smsll bathroom with minimal tiled floor spsce, could you pour one of these as a floor ?
I personally prefer the looks of the counter top before you scraped off the edges, but that's just me. Nice video, thanks for the tutorial.I learned much. :)
Cool 😎😎😎Thank you
Can you add a molding inside mold for nice edge...
For the live edge, have you used edge molds?  Just wondering if it would turn out as good or better than using a chisel.  Great video!...I'll be making my own pillar caps soon with this technique!
Great video.   Can smoothe tile grout be used to stop the porous effect the sanded grout caused?
Can you reuse the mold for this?
Nice Video  , and really nice Coffee table ,  That  way  too  kool ,  I  would seal it up  just for cleaning  up the beer  LOL
Good job Michael.  You made it look easy and fun while we all learned something useful.  Can you make durable outdoor chairs with this stuff?
very first video wow thats very pro... also very pro on making those concrete tops hehehe
Do you think you would be able to use this same method without reinforcement for a 10ft span
bloody fantastic job Buddy. cheers from Michael Australia
SUGGESTION: Look into air-crete. My guess is that you'll fall on love with it. :)
Came here from Paul's channel. Thanks for this!!!
over acting
How does this hold up to impacts? Does it just chip away? Seems a little brittle to use as a permanent outdoor BBQ setup
I love this table! Do you sell these tables? How much do you charge for a custom table? Also wondering how the tile grout hardens up when it’s not wet?
Can you elaborate on the 'tile chips' (?) you used on your inlay design?
Awesome video. Love the information and the presentation. Music’s on target with tune n tempo. Very cool. Keep ‘me coming mate
AWESOME JOB!!! 😃👍
Great video Michael. I have just made my second one for our outdoor patio and they are a great. If anyone is wondering, home depot sells concrete dye that works very well with this material.  I also used some fancy molding inside my mold to give the edge a very fancy finished look. So easy.
two questions can I do the same system BUT cast in place and over existing concert . Im here in Ontario can I do this casting in the cold !
Excellent vid.  Thanks so much for the knowledge.
Rocked it!
I like everything but the captain Morgan stance....reason being if you lean to much on that leg on the bucket......bucket will turn over and there goes your mix.
Миша, ты просто молодец! Сбацал такой столик для кофе Просто закачаешься!  Такой качественный и главное сделан из не новых материалов! I like that you are recycling pallets instead of burning them!
Gave an idea for an dining room table
Dope ! Just needs paint or stained or something maybe like clear coat over it ! Overall great work !
Mike, you are awesome! Loved this Video! Cant wait to try it!
This is America, I can do what I want   A group of Libtards have joined the chat.
I want to know where you got the Detroit bucket at. I want one ☝️
Forget the haters! you are the bomb bro nice work
So fun to watch and learned a lot. For sure will try. Do you think on a longer counter type you should use a preset type wire for stability? Not just a small table but for a long counter top. Someone below said their's broke. I don't want to do all this and it break. LOVE LOVE LOVE this video. I'm going to subscribe for sure. Thank you.
genius...
loving your creative camera angles here :)
From one Michael to another (but over in the UK)... Great vid. Going to do one of these for the garden.
Well, 2ft by 8ft broke right in the middle when removing the form. Should've take the sides off first I guess. Other than that my wife loved it. LOL.
you're equally as good at producing videos as being a handy man.
Great video and well done! You have a great personality and attitude! Keep at it!
Dude this was amazing! Thank you  very much cant wait to see what else you have to show us! Great personality also! Keep it up man.
Just watched this video today and was amazed on how simple and easy is to do a concrete table using your method and by far the best and fast way to do one, thank you for making this video you deserve my subscription great work
Dont use this stuff for a countertop. It's more brittle than Kobe Bryant
Your great. I cannot wait to see more from you. How much fun did you make that look!! I am on my way to B&Q (UK Home Depot) and I am going to make one right away. You gave this old woman the confidence to try. I bet he loved his new coffee table. Thanks x
Thx for the diy vids
Great vid!  I need to incorporate a drip tray to the counter top. Would you build the opening into the form or cut it out after the cure?  Thanks for the help.
Dude ur sooo fucking cool love ur work excellent job and ur hilarious keep it up brother!!!!
All this product placement is unnecessary... Unless you're getting paid. Shilling around and not telling anyone
Лютая хуйня однако!
Would that work for an outdoor ping pong table? Bet it would! Any suggestions? Treated 4x4 for legs. Paint or tape lines.  How thick should it be?
Nice job Michael you got a little bit of Sammy kinison  humor. And being from Minnesota originally I understand your dry humor it's all good stuff. 👍🇺🇸 Let's make America great again.
Oh, I love it, dude. Thanks!
Amazing job !  Video was to the point, and easy to follow.
Great video! So informative, didn't even notice music til I read few comments (normally that irks me also, but got so "into" the good fast-paced, well-represented info, didn't register!). Really specifi product information was VERY helpful. Great job!
nice looking tabletop but you ruined the edge with the hammer
I'd love to see a marble top
About how many lbs of the mortar and flow control do you think would it take for a countertop that's a total of 20ft (not one piece obviously) long by 25" deep and 1.5" thick??
You're great bud! Thanks for the Knowledge!
not sure if you are a better project guy or video maker, but this really helped me today. thanks!
Great video, Michael! I'm excited to try this. Can you suggest some products for staining or coloring the concrete? Is it best to mix the colorant into the concrete or apply after it's set? Thanks!
Love Love Love. Thank you
could you seal this for use as kitchen countertops?  Great video.. thank you.
Love the video, my experience trying this was a disaster. My dewalt drill burned up while mixing, the concrete never got to a peanut but consistency and after adding flow control, the consistency did not change. Likely error on my part but damn it was disappointing.
Hey Love the Video keep em coming  Fred the Plumber UK thanks
So fun to watch lol
Great video. I’m looking at building a 10’x3.5’x1.5” table top. My concern is the weight after it sets. I can’t really find any calculators for the weight for the rapid set mortar mix after it sets. Any ideas?
Great video. To the point.
Great vid.  Anyone tried this but adding a color additive to make it more of a dark gray??  How did it go and how much color additive?
First vid huh.  Good camera and good job bro! Keep it up
Great video.  I have terrible countertops and this is the best way thus far I have seen to replace them.  Corrian is expensive to have it done and I can do this.  Here are my questions:  - My counter is 25 feet long and 3 foot deep -  with a sink in the center. 1) Can I do this in 3 segments, with the sink area being one segment?  2) Then how do I install it so that I don't have gaps between the pieces?  3) Can I just place it over the existing surface because it appears that it it just a glued on surface like a Formica top.  Or should I take the old top off?  I love it.  I think I will start out doing a patio table so I don't have too many happy accidents.  Loved the references and the sense of humor as well.
Michael, you seem like a cool guy, thanks for the comedy. Fellow artist... Keep up the good work. I'm subscribing
I think you can learn more about it on Stodoys website.
Wow love this project, love this video I hope to see more
Nice
Brilliant video dude
Great video Michael. I am glad I came across your show.
Just came across your stuff. All I can say is Daaaamn. Love the inlay grout and dry pics. Mind running wild. So it looks like this quick set concrete has a white finish when dry, is that the case. Did a cast in place for my mother and dye with Zform products
5 quarts of water? I just mixed up one bag and it seemed very thin before adding flow control.
Pretty good for your first video. You didn't get bogged down with too many unnecessary details. With your instructions I could easily do this, and I will. Thanks Mike. Keep it up.
Fun! Loved it! Thanks :) Oh, and yes, for sure we have a pile of pallets (and wood from box springs) near our house! Heck ya! ;)
Don't use music at all. It's just not necessary.
Can you use unsanded grout for the design? I have left overs and am too cheap to buy more.
What do you know I sure do have a mountain of pallets. Also bags of various concrete's. I know what I'm doing when I finish the patio this weekend. Thanks for the idea. Beautiful table
That was beautiful and easy to do. I like Bob Ross too.
How did you keep the tile grout powder from spreading where pouring on the motor mix?...keeping pattern
Just wanted to say very well explained u have me as a subscriber now u rock
This is the only concrete countertop video I've ever watched. Thank you for taking my concrete countertop video virginity, but now I'm in a predicament where I don't think I'll ever have a concrete countertop video experience come close to my first.
Hi Michael, what would be the weight on that table top when complete? 100lbs?
Good look  with you Channel.  Is a great looking table and is so easy  to do it
You are the man - don’t care what your wife says...
Dude ... why aren't you on TV yet!?. Your video, skills and personality are sick.. I'm ready to build my outdoor kitchen after this. Best to you on your future projects
no reinforcement? it's going to be brittle if the span is greater than 30 inches (multiplied by thickness in inches) hopefully you used fiber reinforced concrete at least.  inlaying boards covered in wax paper will reduce weight without compromising strength(remove boards after cured ). reduced weight allows for a more minimalist structure  to showcase the top.
Great video.  The music is super annoying though.
This is incredible!! Awesome job
Cost?
Awesome build Michael. Do you think this would work if a made 18” x 15” patio blocks?  Thanks man
I don't have a Home Depot near me, do you know what the equivalent to Rapid Set mortar mix is?  Is it just load bearing mortar mix?
Awesome job just build a back patio need some ideas like this to build
Stop blasting the music.
awsome video mike  keep up the good work brother
fuuck to much blah blah
Badass!!!
I missed one important detail. My drill wasn't fully charged. It's 64 degrees here. Threw the mixing attachment into a Brace and tried to do it by hand. Now I have ruined a good bucket and a bag of Rapid Set! That's at least a $20 lesson.
Hey its Julz n Ryan here we watched tonnes of vids on how-to from epoxy resin to casting and concrete... we just loved you amazing first video you have the knack for this right on man!!! insta fans!!!
Dude, this is a great video. You have great energy. Thank you so much. Taking this one to the Caribbean
Awesome! Thanks for sharing
Awesome! Thanks for sharing
Awesome! Thanks for sharing
Dude, this was an awesome video. Your personality shone through. I'm taking this project to the Caribbean. Can't wait to see what you do next.
Fantastic Job.....
Absolutely loved this video! Ive been wanting to build myself a unique workshop table topand I think this is it.  Thank you so much for simplifying it for me!!
What is the strength/durability of this counter top? Any issues with cracking over time? Looks great right out of the mold by the way and easy to follow DIY video keep up the good work!!
Beautiful 👍and the video was quality work. Your fun , funny and charismatic.
🤯👍🏾👍🏾
You’re fun to watch and I predict a success at this YouTube gig!
If I made a 15 feet by 2 feet(more or less: it's an L shape with a sink) countertop this method, how much would all the materials cost total?
everything about your video was good but the music. most of the background music had a ton of noise from digital loss. very hard to endure with headphones. just use less music, with genuine useful projects like this it just detracts from the content. thank you for sharing your knowledge.
Just finished a 4’ x 4’ x 1.5” outdoor table top using this exact method. Only thing I did different was I added a metal grid in the middle for extra strength. Flawless and perfect! Thank you so much.
Third time watching this video, great and to the point. I'm wondering could there be a circle mold when casting and when it is cured add a small fire pit? Any tips?
That coffee table came out great but I would like to make an outdoor patio table. Dimensions  4 x 12. Is that possible?
Wife wants a 5x8 island countertop with an undermount apron sink cutout. So basically a big “C”. You see any issues with this concrete not holding up? Plan on pouring 1 1/2” thick and using pig panel for reinforcement cuz of the size.
Oops, forgot... you may wanna consider changing the music.
Thx for great demonstration...
If I could give you more than one thumbs up I would
Detroit! Excellent job! Hello from Chesterfield, Mi!
Amazing video, the pace was perfect, so did not find the need to fast forward. Appreciate ther economy mined tips- WD-40 and foaming window cleaner.  Make some more!!
Wow! First video? Very professional.  Love the project!!!
Dude that was so dope! Down2Earth
You are awesomely creative with low cost materials! Very impressive. First video? OMG!
Jokes on you! I don't have facebook! Or friends!
Very Nice my man! And you were right, I have watched a ton of these videos. This was by far the best one. Thumbs Up Bro! Keep up the content.
Great information in the vid. Wish less time was spent having you look at the camera and talk to us. Time better spent on materials and techniques.
No way this can't be your first video! Awesome job and the project was great to!
Will this work if I want to use to make  my actually counter tops, or will I need to add rebar?
Only reason I wish I'd seen this before I made mine (and I only watched 2 videos previously) is because they had me use a cement with rocks in it which isn't a big problem but I would have preferred something more smooth.   One reason I am glad I watched the others first is because you didn't add any mesh. Unless your table is 4' or shorter, and it might be, you should supposedly be using mesh for strength.   Also, to anyone using a sealer, I used Quikcrete Cure and Seal and it's fine but if you do not put it on with a short nap roller meant for smooth surfaces it will leave brush marks. I put mine on with a foam brush at first, worked wet, and it still dried with a noticeable texture to the sheen. I've gone back over it 24 hours later with the roller and it's still showing through but will hopefully be better.
Enjoyed this until the pour and mould was not level, wtf was point of live edge if this is a countertop?
Actually, this is my first concrete counter top video.
Congratulations, for your first video ...super cool!!!!
Thumbs up! could do without the music tho, i think that;s where the dislikes come from, makes it harder to hear and focus on your insight!
Awesome demo! Thanks!
This is my kind of channel.. step by step, Thank You. I subscribed.
This is the best DIY video out there. Good camera frame, sound and video editing. Subscribed!  I want to build outside fire pit table using this mortar mix, any suggestions on wall thickness? Dimensions 40”x40”x20”h with 18”x18” cut out in the middle. I don’t want it to be too heavy but also not to break when some one sits on it. Thanks.
Michael,   Could you make a video on how to make a terrazzo concrete counter. What mix to use, aggregates, grinder, etc?   Thanks.
That’s fantastic..I’m going to make one with the GAME OF THRONES house symbols!!
I just stumbled on this, I don't even know how, I wasn't even on YouTube.  But, man am I glad I did.  Awesome video.  I am definitely not a handy-woman by any stretch but this makes me want to go buy supplies and try something on my own.  Maybe some nice outdoor tables for the lake house.  :-D
Excellent job on your first video. Looks like the perfect solution for my next project - renovate the master bath for the wife. I'd like to experiment a little with the veining - perhaps a little light dusting, and use of a brush to make it a little more subtle. The sanded grout is the perfect medium. Loved the stencil idea. Thanks for the introduction to the rapid set mortar mix.
could u make a counter top the same way but looks like spray paint stone texture from rustoleum? i use that exclusively for my ceramic sculptures (but is rough)  but was wondering if somehow the same effect (possibly using other materials) could be used in your technique which would result in a smoother finish...does that make sense? too much gin maybe...
I love the music! What is it @ 18:48?
Why didn't you sand down the weathered top of the pallets? Would have looked so much more finished. Also, why go through the effort of getting the smooth edges just to destroy it LMAO. Really entertaining video though!
I like it
https://media.giphy.com/media/Ahvd7xB9BwHkATjoxd/giphy.gif
DAMN! Your first video ....... U Done REALLY Good!!           https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7WTx6b3pBsSJ4TrG/giphy.gif
You Done Good BuBa!
Feelin the Detroit bucket!
Michael Builds, I really enjoyed watching this video. I watch (and do) a lot of DIY, and this had great step by step instructions so that I feel like I could actually accomplish a project like this. You did all on your own, so I think my daughter and I can definitely do this. (We've done DIY concrete pavers with the molds...ugh! What a chore that was! Now at least I know how to make it easier for next time.)  Your style of movie making is such that I didn't feel the need to fast-forward to the "important" bits. The little tips like which screws you can use was great. When you used the window cleaner on the silicon seal...OMG!! Total "Aha!" moment as I thought back to so many messy sealant projects of my own and I think of other ways to utilize the same technique! Thank you! I'm subscribing and look forward to more inspiration and expert tips!
James I haven’t made a counter top as yet ...
Cool video. I did not understand with what you created the veins on the concret??? What was the material (the powder)?
He is very handsome.. Has a great presentation!
First thing, awesome video! I'm a concrete finisher, so I don't usually watch these videos, but this was really produced well! Step by step ease. So, what's with all of the dislikes?!  (it must be a troll thing) Funny part is, all of the dislikes caught my attention in the first place!  Keep making videos! You're good at it!
Videos like this get an automatic thumbs down for making us listen to this f’ing noise!!!! YOU DON’T NEED IT!!!!
Loved the vid!!  You made it so easy to think I could do this for a small outdoor counter!  Thanks so much--and it was fun to watch!
No way this was ur first video
Best damn diy Video ever.  Well planned and thought out.
Great job!
LOVE this video! Such excellent quality, easy to hear and understand what you're saying. Can't believe this is your first. Definitely subscribed.
Will you come to my house and duplicate for me.? Plz
Wouldn't car wax work good without a chance of staining, too?
Great video!  If using this as a bathroom vanity, is it easy to drill through for a faucet and above counter sink?  Also if you left the edges formed do they chip easy?  It will be in a teenagers bathroom. Thanks again
Great video, I am a fan, rock on!
Your the Man.
Too much jazzy chatting & intrusive music. It is NOT "cool".
Dude this was awesome.. I just found a new project to work on
Do you want to marry me Michael? :D
Is it just me..or does anybody else see it wasn't level? .. not that it matters..it's only the bottom side that's not level... :o)
That Rapid Set is EXACTLY what I have been looking for to make my stone veneers I hate using concrete like everyone else tells you to use. Will try this bet it makes the job WAY easier and I might actually get it done finally. Thanks Michael!
I got the itch to get this started. Thanks bro. What do you suggest for tint?
That music has to go.
That's sweet good job bud
Absolutely awesome!!!  Got one question..... LOVE the compass design.... if it's just powder, how does it not get messed up as you pour the cement in??  Did I miss something???  PS---I love the Bob Ross reference... he was amazing!!
Liked.  Just for the pulling nails out with your teeth The rest was good and useful too
Awesome choice of technique and product. True DIY!!!   Does the rapid set you used dry a light grey or brownish?... and do you think adding a color pigment would interfere with the psi??
Miochael - You wanted others to get what you wanted them  to know. Period. Like a Real Teacher. Thanks
Hi Michael, Love your video!  The live edge adds a new dimension.  Question - can I make multiple pieces (outside) and join them in place in my kitchen?
Awesome job and video! I subscribed and now I’ll show it to my spouse. Thanks ! 😉
That was dope, bro! keep' em coming!
Dam ur a good entertainer while giving instructions....badass video...I actually stayed awake the whole time time other videos I've seen before
I haven't even finished watching the video, but my favorite part, by far, is at the 3:09 mark... Yep, get your friends to help.  If they'll willingly get up at 5:15am to go run in the morning, they'll come over at 1pm in the afternoon to do some heavy lifting.  Beer and pizza helps.
DIY Sesame Street.
Nice job and thanks
Love the Video!!  Excellent transitions. Phenomenal different camera views. Sweet coffee table! Keep building and I’ll keep watching.
So excited to try this !!!  PLEASE create more videos because, dude, you make it look so fun and easy.  I want to see that cool river rock table top too.
Hi Michael, GREAT video!   Well my husband has ruined 4 buckets..........    Have you ever used set retardant?   Would extend the set up time?   Thank you for all the great tips.
your awesome. great job!!!
Excellent video!  Thanks, enjoyed it, very well explained and demonstrated.
Great vid...but the music couldn't be any shittier...
Your my hero.. thats it.
Loved it❣️❣️❣️ and the new wonky coffee table is not wonky anymore❣️ thanks for sharing✨✨✨🎊
Fantastic video! QUESTION: How durable is it as a countertop if you can easily chip the edges? After your video, I'm seriously considering DIY countertops.
Great video thanks'!!!!
Awesome tips!! I built and amazing countertop for a fireplace insert using your technique. It worked great and looks great. Where can I send you some pictures?
Over 150K subscribers in less than a year!
I just happened upon this video with another and they both mentioned Bob Ross as their inspiration. Amazing!
Great video, subscribed!  You made it look so easy that even my wife said “I could do that!” LOL. I’m new to this too, and was wondering, the stuff you used to make the pattern, is that available in stores too?
Awesome instructional video. Music half the volume & change to generic classic metal rifts. Keep quirky comedy.
Love the video, hate the music.
Great video!
The sense of self and the views of who you are is a construct and an illusion.  Something to contemplate.
A sawzall without the blade makes a good vibrator to get those bubbles out.
You said the mix is high PSI so you don't have to use rebar? Um, rebar is for tension, not compression, which has nothing to do with psi.
Thank you, that was amazing. Keep up the great work
Michael, hope you see this out of the 8000+ comments.  I was very attracted to the quick set and no reinforcement aspects, but had never worked with mortar before.   After wasting two 55lb bags and burning out two older drills, I’m looking for tips on how you easily did a whole bag in one bucket.   Your videos are well-made and entertaining. Maybe fewer (high quality video) clips of blades of grass and some additional highly-useful tips for those not prepared for the super quick set time of mortar.   Thanks, and keep making the videos!  Hope to hear some useful tips besides do half bag at a time.
i wish you had video of using the sealer that would have been nice. thank you so much for the knowledge!
has this guy done a video on clear coating the tops? or adding different colors with the sanded tile powders? im actually doing this soon for multiple rooms of my mothers home
best 20 minutes of my life!
Hey great video but you made one minor mistake. You forgot to do the final reveal in your underwear so we the viewers can see how best to make sure we are being safe. Yes.... and also speedos or boxers.
Very cool! WTH, first video???? I see great things in your future! Can't wait to try your method!
Can I get those veins if I do a cast-in-place place
You can also use soft clay to seal the corners. This lets you pour much faster since you don't have to wait for calk to dry.
O and i hope you do more vids and get 1m views.
Im inspired. Im remodeling my bathroom and think im going to use this method for my counter top.
I wish you would make a video of how you edited and put the video together.
Thanks for the video. This is the best diy I've seen for concrete countertops. I especially love the weight test for strength. Gives me confidence that I don't have to use reinforcement.  Do you have any other means for attaching one to cabinets? I'm testing out a small 13"x19" top before I move on to the full size 24"x60" top and I'm testing out a 3/4"x3" board with bolts & nuts as embeds to hold it in place. The plan is to screw through the cabinet top to the concrete wood-base. Is that overkill? I like the epoxy idea, but I always build with a future tear-down in mind (i.e. keep the cabinets but remove the concrete for granite or butcher block upgrade) and it would be difficult to pull off. Any recommendations? Keep up the good work!
That compass heading wasn't even calibrated for its final location. That's a fun project I think I may be onto a new outside Bar top.
Easy and yet a stunning table and countertop. Keep up the good work.
first video an i'm only seeing this now?!?! stupid YT algorithm.
Just a idea for you for next time.....before you mount the table top, burn the wood very well with a torch then wipe it clean and polyurethane it, then add the top and see what it looks like...It is a ancient way of treating and  coloring wood , I make wooden staffs with that technique and it looks amazing.  Great video also...
Wow! I have seen concrete countertops and tables over the years, and I've always wanted one (or some). I've also wanted to watch something about them on YouTube...BUT… This is the first time that I did, and I am VERY happy that I did. Not only did it come out amazingly cool, I love your personality and the style behind your video. I loved it and I look forward to watching more from you in the future. Right now I'm going straight to your video on Sealing.
In an1 hour? Time to go to depot & back ?, Time to get goods ?, Time setting up the camera?, Time to cut & make frame work 30 minutes, Time to mix & pour 5 minutes, really.  Then one hour later ready for service, How many takes did it take for when you standing on it? The front edge was wet water running off THEN it was dry. The editing must have taken longer than it did to make the top.
Michael, we used to have a concrete bird bath with pebbles imbedded on the outside and after being knocked over several times by ground hogs and such, it broke in half.  The concrete place doesn't make them anymore!  I still have the base, do you want to learn how to make bird baths and makes some videos for this!!! :)   Carol in Iowa
But I like watching concrete videos. 🤨
Michael, I've been rewatching this in preparation for my first countertop project. What were the actual dimensions of the slab you built here so I can get an idea how much I'm going to need for my project? At 1.5" thick, did you need everything from both bags to complete the pour or was there leftover? Thanks! And keep killing it! I love your videos.
Not only is this knucklehead my first choice for my next party... but he delivers info second to none! I’m a little more than casually slow and even I feel confident to tackle this bitcoin project while feeling pretty confident I’ll be sleeping inside this weekend... right honey? Stay tuned and expect a call brother! And thanks for an answer' Gota Depot run! Peace. Logan
Stupid music is very annoying so thumbs down.
Wow!!! I friggin love how that top turned out. Very cool of you to make the custom coffee table for your cousin. I'm perplexed by how you kept the grout design that you did in place when you poured the concrete. I would have thought it would have just mixed in with the wet concrete. I want to make an island in my small kitchen using some pre-made cabinets from one of the box stores. I know that I can't match my granite counter and I don't really want butcher block so I've been trying to think of what I could use. I'd love to have white quartz but I don't think I could buy such a small piece of it. This concrete top would be perfect. Wish you lived closer...I'd gladly pay you to make it for me. I make an excellent helper. LOL.
I thought this was going to be a Minecraft video lol
PPPlease get rid of terrible music....at least turn down
No my facebook friends wont help.. Same thing with moving.. No help.. Lol
Great start!
You're a natural and you kept my interest. Great finished product.
Michael....very cool. How about doing something with aircrete?
Great video Michael! I do have a couple of questions. At 2x4 feet, what's the weight of this bad boy roughly? For a glossy finish, what type of sealer or epoxy would you recommend (in case you have experience with this)? And lastly, the only comment I have for making this a more precise process: I wouldn't use two buckets on soft ground as they might sag differently once you pour the concrete into the form; otherwise, this is a 10 out of 10 video. Well done.
Dude this is one of the best videos I have ever watched KUDOS HOMIE 👊🏻
The singularly most informative and entertaining video I have ever taken the time to watch without fast-forwarding.  Thank you.  While the set-up time for the counter-top takes an hour, I suspect Michael spent endless hours in pre and post-production making this video so entertaining. Thanks again!  I needed this information and I hope no teeth were actually hurt in the making of this video.
Is there anything I can do with the rapid set mix to get a white finish on the concrete? I am wanting to make one that is as white as possible.
great video and I loved it...gonna try this!
I loved this video you are made with a lot of knowledge and a and very funny an very good video very well explained
Me encantó este video estas hecho con mucho conocimiento y muy divertido un excelente video muy bien explicado
Do you have any problems with cracking over time?
How did the design stay in place.
Good vid, nice job. One complaint about production though, music got louder than your voice at times.
Man that was awesome!
Good video, but the loud background music gave me anxiety.  You are very creative & entertaining; well done photography was very good.
Well made video.  Clearly explained and easy to follow.  The kind of work that can only be done by someone very experienced with the project.  Thanks Michael.  Now go fix those sound levels!
Great video, really well shot and edited
Awesome work brother 👌 will be getting more Likes Guaranteed 👍 #loveyawork #straya 👈 australia ✊
Very cool! How would you make the hole for the sink and taps?
Excellent production, super cool camera angles, we don't know we like it but we do. Thanks for the extra work in production.
Can the marveling technique be achieved using concrete dye powders so you could have colors besides grey?  I use this stuff all the time to make coasters and frig magnets, never thought I could make furniture with it!!!
Excellent video for your first effort...subbed!
GET RID OF THE MUSIC. MY GOD ALMIGHTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awsome video.....
1. No I don't have a mountain of pallets 2. I don't have a cool shop like yours to do that.
Wonderful presentation and really interesting.  But when you put the powder on to make the patterns, how come it it didn’t wash off when you poured the concrete?
Im a new subscriber! 😀👍 Wow that looked SO Easy and very Cool! Maybe I could even do it. Well with some help with the lifting..It's  Beautiful! I want this on my high/ low bar in my kitchen. My counter top on both sides is about 20 feet long! I'm guessing it could be done in sections??
this is lit..
Great video.  How would you cut an opening for a sink?  Or would you create the  opening with the mold?
One of the best DIY videos ever. Very entertaining, direct and to the point, covered everything without a bunch of non-useful chit-chat.
The music made this unwatchable.
Hey Michael thanks for the information finishing up a patio project and having steel bar tops fabricated with concrete centers.  Would your method work if I poured it directly into fabricated steel bar top? IMG_1829.JPG
Hi Michael,  thanks for the video.  I am planning to build a cement countertop that is 22.5"×59" for the bathroom vanity.  I heard that it has to have metal bar reinforcement and since it's length is greater than 4 feet and the thickness has to be greater than 1.5 inches.   Does your method require the metal reinforced bars? Does it really matter that the thickness be more than 1.5 inch? Thanks
I love it
This video is so full of extra shit it could be half as long and just as instructive. Im moving on.
My man you are the SH_T !!!! You just gave me so many ideas SO FAST. Thank you for your time and GREAT DETAILS the whole way through. Only thing wrong is I feel you’re sh_ting everyone on that 1st video ever 😂😂
Super nice 👍
Can we get the video on making different kinds of forms? I want to redo my kitchen countertops, I've scoured books and the internet on the best how to, this is a great video.  Now to get my husband out of the house for the weekend and call in the girl squad.....
Great video!  You got me thinking of doing this for a work bench top.  I enjoyed how you edited the video and kept it fun to watch
I love this video!!! Sooooo cool!!  Thank you, I just have to try this.
Informative and highly entertaining video. 17:14  was a nice touch! ;)
I made some concrete window sills for a ornamental concrete shop. For the front, it was curved, using ornamental plastic trim. They were about 4" deep at the ends, about 6" in the center. I used dye in the concrete.
Can sand or gravel be added to the mortar mix?
What's the point of the caulking if you are going to chip the edges off ?
Transformers G1 baby!
Very cool project. One question though, doesn’t the powder move when you pour the concrete? It would be ok for the veins, but how did the stencil stay so sharp?
Добрый вечер очень хороший познавательный  ролик красава  если не сложно напишите состав бетона  спасибо за ранее от души
You sold me! I’m a subscriber now. I consider myself pretty handy. Kinda, jack of all trades but an absolute master of none. I have  a lot of concrete projects floating around in my head, I just haven’t found the time or confidence to do them yet. This video just sold me on everything. Awesome job. Only video I’ve seen where I didn’t have 50 questions afterwards.
dope...
What letter do you define as?
Skip forward 3 mins to start of video. You're welcolm.
4:03 - you can hear someone breathing, assuming not part of the audio in this video, be mindful when editing, already a great video you have here, Mike! Instantly subbed.
Nice video. Lots of work put in for all the camera angles. Great job.
Very nice work
WOW Can’t believe that was your first video it was fantastic 🤗 love how the concert top turned out it’s amazing 🤗
ok, that's cool!
Awesome video, thanks!  I am going to try that project.
😂🤣 so glad i stumbled on you! Awesome technique. Can you maybe sometime make patio furniture with those pallets?
Concrete is for driveays not counter tops. Loud music is for concerts not Videos
Use iced water for more workability and slower set time.  You could even refrigerate the mortar mix if you have that kind of space... but toss it in a garbage bad first so it doesn’t soak up ambient humidity inside the fridge
Finished product was beautiful and rustic. You're so talented
Paul R sent me over here.  What a great channel! Love your style and swagger (lol). Thanks for the tutorial
great project.  Perfect for making an outdoor bar/kitchen!
Been wanting to work with concrete in a while but foind it to be a headake...with your awsome videos and explications i will for sure tackle the beast in the next year. Thank you and keep up the good work. Subscribed right away!
Thanks Mike for the awesome video, great instruction and cool style ! I subbed .
So awesome, thank you!
I’ve skipped over this video DOZENS of times. WHAT A HUGE MISTAKE! This was a great project and you are a great teacher. You’re to the point, yet you offer enough comedic relief to keep the audience entertained, but not so much to overwhelm or distract. I like the grout as a fracturing touch, but the rock-face/live edge was freakin’ GENIUS! I will be referring to this video for a future project.
Way to go dude, you did a great in making and instructing.
If that's a first video its a great one!  Looking forward to more.
Dude awesome vedio you're a natural,  love this project your step by step explanation and easy to understand! One question how smooth did that top come out I want to make new counter top for my kitchen but I like it as smooth as possible? Keep it up with the vedios bro you are the man!
watch your thickness, or faucets wont fit, industry standard is max 2.5" but many are less than that 1.125 is also a possibility
awesome video and great tips... thank you so much
This was such a great video  I wanted to use your video to make my countertop but the damn music killed me. Still using it though
great video! how would you hide a seem on a kitchen counter top?
Awsome now Im really doing mine Thanks boss
First video?..... amazing!!.... thank you!!!
Post video edit - great video. I loved it. The corny and all lol..  How's it holding up? I saw your pin about volume.. But dang look at all those likes! I'm sure my quick note below won't get more thanna chuckle so I'm leaving it and off to watch more of your vids!   I'm liking the video, ideas, production and all but volume leveling is not on par man...
Pretty nice coffee table
You’re awesome, gonna make this for my employee kitchen!
Stoney Run said it best for the few comments I read great video your a natural. I am curious though how many edits and do overs
Awesome Video Michael, Great instruction. Can't wait do start my project
2.7 million views on first video, that's crazy. Congrats
Very entertaining video. Your skill level makes it look easy, too easy. The tip after tip that you share belies your experience working with these types of materials.   As for your time estimates, this is where you are the most unrealistic. Your hour or so doesn't include clean up AND doesn't include the 3 - 4 hours of going to the big orange store, parking, surviving the walk to the entrance, finding a cart, locating the stuff, getting distracted by other things in the store, standing in line at checkout, loading the truck, finding a place to stash the cart, and lastly stopping for more beer.
You can also use paste wax as a release agent WD40 stinks and is cancer. Nice project How do you think aircrete would work?
Nice job
If Bob Ross is happy everyone's happy!  Great video.
Awesome video! I love all the extra camera angles and stuff were there but never feeling forced or overused. Definitely looking forward to morw videos!
Great work, just subbed.
Enjoy the how to but cut out most of the fancy video filler and just show how to do it.
TITS !!!!! Awesome.....
Nice video! Good information, Great camera angles and good entertainment!
Wow, this quality is very impressive for your first video! And that coffee table is amazing, can you make one for me? 😉
Just wow. Love the style of your movie :)
Thanks so much. I have been wanting to try this. It will be perfect in our log cabin shop we are going to build. Great editing skills
Fine video but the music makes me want to kill myself.
13:27 To see Autobots symbol in the back!
Congrats on your 1st video, awesome! Been thinking of doing something like this for the backyard when I BBQ and this got me motivated.
👍
How did you keep the tile grout from moving around when you poured the mortar on top. Did you spray it with water first so it set up? Confused.
Coolest thing I've ever seen....Thank you...!!!!
WOW!!!! I don’t need a countertop but I’m gonna make one after watching this video. Dude you’re gonna get your own tv show. I just subscribed. As far as music goes it’s very good but I think on “how to video” you’re instructions keeps your viewers tuned in. Your style and humor is awesome don’t ever change that and of course your creativity. Thanks for sharing. Good luck!! You will hit tens of millions views soon.
Almost let your water come up to about 68-72 degrees
Don't use your wd-40 it's such a waste just use diesel an hydraulic oil 50/50 it's called form release
WOW!  I thought you were an expert on doing videos. Thanks for the great work. YouTube only showed it today in my  feed. I can see it's almost a year old, I will check the other ones.  Quick question, how do you make the concrete white? It looks white on the video, but in my mind mortar is grayish. Thanks
Excellent video.  I'm excited to attempt this.  You have a great personality for YouTube.  Keep it up!
You have a lot of comments about the music sound and I need to be quick so I didn’t read all of them.  I have a slight hearing problem and ended up stopping your awesome video because I couldn’t figure out that you were saying for me to learn from you.  If it’s possible to reload your video with no or low music, I’d really appreciate it!! Honestly you are entertaining enough without it. 👍🏻
How could someone hit the thumbs down button? I thought it was a great video and as a diy challenged person im gonna try this. Thanks
Hey Michael everything turned out great learned alot
Hell YESssss I Liked it!! Total Moto!!!
A lot of cool tips in your video. Love the production and the sense of humor that you have. Very nicely done. I'll be checking out more for sure. Thanks for sharing!
Great video! I have learned a lot. Thank you!
Awesome video!!!!!! New subscriber!
This is a great and simple way to do this. I want to make some end tables that withstand wind. We cannot leave light things out and having to buy everything in cast aluminum gets expensive. Have 3 buildings and several patios on guest cottage, craft room etc. I’m trying this.
I can see the reason for the USA flag now.  products not available elsewhere😞
Great video.
Concrete strength ratings are for compression. The rebar used in concrete is for tensile strength. Adding rebar or wire mesh placed about 1/3 of the thickness of the pour from the bottom keeps the concrete from cracking when bending forces are applied. A tabletop is not likely to have bending loads.  That's the reason not to have to add it to this type of application.
Cold chisel works incredibly when putting on a live edge
Great job man, convinced me that I could do all of my countertops in my house!!!! But I’ll do a couple practice tops first.
This is just about as dangerous as a firearm to kids. Better lock this up when not in use.
Not the first time I watched this video, but your solution of applying sanded grout has provided the answer to the quandary I have been trying to figure out when I offered to make several new tables for the bar I just renovated. Please keep up the good work.
Just right for my skill level just don't have the tools. Would of loved to seen the clean up process though.
Earned a subscriber!  Great video.
Wow, that's great!
Just Stumbled On This Vid Already I Want To Subscribe !~!!~ I Like your Style !~!~
Fantastic video! Fun to watch, I am going to use this video.
1st time viewing your channel. Really like your content and style. Newly subscribed!!
Good job 👍 keep posting.
Absolutely Brilliant Video & Excellent Easy to Follow Instructions 🤓
why would anyone not like this video? that was awesome!!!! I"MA DOO DIS!!!!!!
fricken awesome
Awesome!!!
i worked in construction for 30  years. Pay head to everything this fella says and does  in my opinion its all done for good reason. excellent video excellent advice
I can already see a million and one uses for this. I want to make cement park benches for the back yard, buy ye ole 70's coffee table with carved door details from local thrift store for detail...
Hey Micheal from England I’m in the industry so normally avoid this kind of stuff but I watched it all the way and really enjoyed it good job great sense of humour 👍
For a first video that was quite professionally done!  You are a natural.
'ready for service in 1 hour' ?  Likely not a good idea. Aside from allowing the portland to cure with enough water to do so for several days, the block should be sealed.  Of course if it is remaining outside for the likes of a BBQ, sealing may not be necessary.   Just think about it...
Great do more
It would have been nice to get rid of the music (that wasn’t needed) so you could be heard
Wow!  For your first video, pretty impressive!  Good job!
Do you hire out?!  I have a concrete problem but don't have the time or the tools to fix it!
What did you finish ot with?
Music has to go!
Best video ever, let me know when you get your own tv show! Can't wait to see what else you've done.
This was fantastic! Great sense of humor and dumbed it down enough that antbody can feel confident doing. Building in a desk in a small space and was thinking of using wood scrap to do a butcher block top until I saw this - soooo much easier! I framed the sides with 1×4" oak edging, round-routed the edges then sanded smooth, rubbed minwax finish and liquid nailed them on. then used pourable bar top epoxy over it all. Turned out beautiful and did it over a weekend, about 4hrs of actual work total. Thanks for the assist 😁
Informative and entertaining!
That was an awesome video! I have been looking at tons for this kind of project and it was the perfect amount of silly ness and info!!!
I would consider adding perlite for filler and saving much weight. Probably 1 part  perlite to 2 parts mortar mix.       Nonetheless,a very good video.  Well done.
Oh and by the way.... love love your info and delivery. I am a fan.
Ok I think I can do this.  When in the hour process do you need to use a hammer or some vibration on the sides of the mold to reduce the air bubbles?
Sorry the music is blasting and when you talk I can barely hear you . Ditch the music in your videos and concentrate on people being able to hear and clearly understand you. .Unless a video is specifically a music video it doesn't need music.  I loathe any and all  music on Tut video, be it projects or cooking. If I want to listen to music, I'll pick my own. I don't listen to what other people claim to be music even if it's at a reasonable volume which yours isn't. I was interested in what you were doing but not enough to suffer the music and up and down volumes.  .  If you ever redo this video, minus the music, I'd love to take another look at it. real shame as it looked like you know what you were doing.
AMAZING!!!    GREAT JOB WITH VIDEO & STYLE!!!
Nice project, but terrible choice of music.
Way cool
Loved your coffee table. Definitely watching more of you.
what a great video... thanks... love the ideas
I though you done wonderful with your video! Thank you for sharing. My husband is going to be busy come vacation time;-)
Great video, thanks!
Ok, Im enjoying the crap outta these videos, thanks. But the real question is, where is the guitar build videos from those patterns on the wall of the shop?
this is an awesome video.. aaaaaand i don't even know how i got here SUBSCRIBE haha
I loved your video.  You are hilarious!
First of all great video. my question is, could you do your entire kitchen this way - the hurdle would be the cutout for the sink... Please let me know if you have any suggestions. Or if it’s possible make a video on the subject.
Great vid, just got your channel on my feed. Ever use aircrete?
Pretty darn cool. I've been thinking about doing a concrete counter top. Your way seems easy enough. Thanks. p.s. I love the rough edges. I wouldn't have thought of that.
Awesome video. Well presented! Please come back with more videos!! You're awesome!
Nice job teach.
You don't need any music when you are trying to teach, I can't ever remember a teacher in school playing music in class.
Great content! Thanks for sharing. Wishing you great success.
Dude!  What a great job with this video. Thanks for sharing!
Beautiful job.
Wow, really nice, but WHO needs this Sounds????
That was AWESOME
its gonna be full of crumbs and he wont be able to move it to vaccum. Should have made the bottom solid. sick build tho!
Excellent tutorial. Keep up the good work.
No tener mortar like that in Mexico ni flow control- si tener Home Depot's lol but... they sell Mexican mortor.but like the idea about the tile grout vein idea and will use in my outdoor Cosina here in Todos Santos BCS! Gracias. Nice mold-ya wanna get married jajajaja yr funny and muy entertaining
Alright sry but at 4:28 why dose he blur out the prices wtf is so wrong with people knowing the price what’s your problem you got no wrench
Gorgeous ❤️
How old are u
Michael, I like your video but the background music is way too damn loud. Could not hear much of what you said.
its a happy little concrete counter top...
Honestly, you make Bob Vila look like a slow, one armed child. Keep up the great work!
I've done five upside down cement counter top and use black color and I receive accolade for the glossy top  Yes it's simple and cool . Very durable for outside kitchen . But thank for the tips on other product .
Character is not what is important to a cook, what a cook wants is a sanitary counter, one which can withstand heat, scratches and especially stains, so that it does not take a long time to clean and isn't going to rip your clothing. Sorry, but your countertop is not one I'd want.   Moreover, if you have children, though your coffee table looks interesting, it looks like a trip to the hospital for stitches if you have children and to the dentist. This table would be too heavy for practical vacuuming. Being able to keep things clean and to change your decorating scheme, your coffee table would need casters or your shelf should be high enough from the ground for practical vacuuming or mopping or dusting.
You are a good teacher I feel like I can do this for a living! I really enjoyed your video that is easy to follow. It is a Minnie movie. Change title to Concrete Countertop making for the green &  frail! 😀😍.  God increase you in knowledge.
How big of a table could you use this mortar mix with before you would want to use reinforcement? Thanks! great video btw
the worst thing you can do to a drill is mix concrete with it, best thing to do is go to walmart buy a drill use it to mix and then return it when your done so your good drill is still usable...
Great job! This is better than most network programs.
I bought one bag of rapidset / flow control and made 2- 18"×12"×1.5" bedside tables with mitered edges.  Both of these turned out perfect and that was what encouraged me to do my kitchen this way.  I finished it a few months ago.  This shit works, its strong, and looks awesome!  Our bar top is 2'×6'×1.5".  Weighed nearly 300lbs!  Never broke.  Never chipped.  Hasnt shrunk.  All the haters can suck it!!  I would have never tried this with normal concrete, reinforcement wire, rebar, additives ........... wwhatever.  This was the easiest concrete project I have ever done.  Hands down.
Great video BUT the music :(
Cool video!! Well made and thanks for the tips!
Please show us how to make a round concrete basin. Love your video. Also how to fit a zink in a concrete kitchen counter top..pls.
1 hr countertop. Takes 24 hrs for silicon to set. Lol
I think you are doing an awesome job editing your video! This is awesome! Love the counter top!! Can’t wait to watch more of your videos!
Beautiful, can color be added to the concrete mix?
More than anything,  enjoyed watching you Pleasant voice and fun to listen besides the loud music... Does the coffee table weight a lot???
Great video, learned a lot.
Professional presentation, info clear and concise and pleasant to watch! You got a Sub from me👍
I decided I would never try this after watching 2 other videos... Then I saw your video... It's going down this weekend fo sho
The music volume was a little high, loved the video. Would you happen to be able to make concrete door knobs chairs such as patio or dining furniture?
Why blur the prices? Looks uneven, lower on the right side.
wow dude , that was awesome...learned something new...didn't look that hard and i do believe i am going to make one myself...how good it turns out will determine...what i use it for...fire pit table...bench seats ,around said fire pit....counter top???..needs color...check your videos see if you did one with color or something
Is it possible to add color
Some stain on the cut edges of the pallet base and perhaps some flat / matte sealant of some sort to help preserve the wood would be a really nice finishing touch.   Also, since it is a coffee table, some sort of sealant on the concrete surface to seal against any spills / rings etc.   Some epoxy coating perhaps?     Excellent work on the project there, just suggesting a couple things that might have just been the icing on the cake.
Yes I do have a mountain of pallets out by the shed. I love this!!!
My mind is finally made up. Concrete it is. Thank you
One of the greatest YouTube DIY instructional videos of all time!    Everything available from HoDE's is Booyah...cherry on top!
Thanks for the show, love the show. I learned a lot.
How did you keep the dry sanded grout in place when you poured the concrete?
That is very good very good I love it
Love the pulling of the nails with teeth...its what's for breakfast!
Why buy expensive furniture when you can make your own original pieces. Cool video.
I call BS on this being your first video! Awesome job! This is by far the best video I've seen on making concrete tops. You've earned another subscriber and of course a Thumbs up!
Certainly a another different way of doing tops. Looks good👍👍
Great how-to!!  I'll be watching more and a thumbs up..
That's so cool. I try to copy this, if i will find a similar stuff in germany. thx
Love this! Great idea and entertaining to watch! Thanks!
Brilliant!
Your 24 hour caulk drying marathon puts you well over the hour you originally proposed.
... and then try to carry and place it.
Curious as to the tensile strength of the mortar. Pretty top!
Have a video at how I can get my brother to make me one
Can this be used to level a floor too?  Would it be solid enough for wear?
Does the WD 40 leave a smell?
How much was this to do all in?
why mortar mix instead of concrete mix?
Great attitude and focus.
how do you work in a sink cut out?
Great Job I need to resurface my Cement Porch. I think I will use the Melamine method for making a new Slab next Spring. Thank you for the Idea subscribed and Liked.
Made In U.S.A.
Good job
1 hour and 24 hours
Cool project, but that music makes me want to stick an icepick in my ears.
That is a great video. Going to the depot tomorrow to make a practice one before trying the kitchen counter tops.
That trick with the silicone blew my mind. I will definitely be trying that in the future
Love this vid. Just made 3 pieces for my hearth. First time playing with concrete. Followed this to a T. Added some color. Looks ok as it's setting, but some cracks are appearing. Any idea why? Are they likely to go all the way through? Feel free to talk me down....
Fantastic.  Great job.  I've only seen a concrete countertop on one job.  The homeowner told me they are expensive.  Clearly, they don't have to be.  What would you suggest for a sealer?
Awesome video! I’m going to make a top for a patio bar I’m building. A couple questions.....can I use standard acrylic caulk? It’s easier to work with. Also, have you ever used cove mold or something similar on the inside of the box corners to create a more rounded profile?
Michael, how has the table held up? Any cracks develop over time? Good video
Your the first person to mention using flow control to add viscosity to the mix. That is a perfect idea, most people just add more water, which is not the way to do it, like you mentioned it weakens the concrete  and that is't what you want.
Great job.....it inspired me....can't wait too see if you have more... Thank you....⛏
Dude super entertaining and informative!!! Subscribed and will be binging
Terrific video you just saved me a few hundred bucks thanks
Ive wanted to know how to make a concrete counter top for awhile, but felt intimitated. Then your video started popping up in my YouTube suggestions. I wanted to watch it, but thought this would waste 19 minutes and 42 seconds of my life.  Finally I watched it, and I'm so glad I did. Now I know I can make one too. Thanks a million.
I love this project and your editing techniques and camera angles.  No wasted time rambling on.  Love your sense of humor.  Pulling the nail out of the pallet with your teeth just made it for me.  Haha. Awesome job!
First video?~!?  I thought for sure you were on your 200th or something.  I hate subscribing to things.  But you've got me.
welllll ! great video, very well shot, directed and edited (pro)  great sequence/order of events, clear voice and explanations. It was as good or better than stuff shown on HGTV.
Michael, This is excellent. Quick question - how did you keep the stencil grout "in place" prior to pouring the concrete?
I have done this and had to figure out how to get those heavy tops into tight places. Here is the fix. Put down plywood first! Place adhesive on plywood. Lift top onto plywood. Tilt up front edge and use golf balls to roll top into tight places. Remove golf balls with dowel. My tops were about 400 LBS. It worked perfectly. Good luck on your projects.
So I followed each step perfectly and once i poured the mortar into my form it almost instantly got hard. Within 3 minutes the entire pour was rock hard and very hot. Any help?
excellent 1st time effort.with pro results. Liked and subscribed! Curious - what vid editing software did you use?
Great Video!!!!
Dude! Great job on the video production! (Content was great too!)  Thanks for posting your production tools.  I had no idea that iMovie was THAT good!  You did an awesome job on your hosting,  instruction, music and production!
Thank You For This AMAZING INFO !!!!!!!!!! Your Info Is Priceless !!!!!! I will be watching ALL of your videos! Love your energy !
Great first video... Really like it
I LOVE this! Thank you so much for the inspiration- I’ve never worked with concrete but would love to make four coffee tables with my business logo in the concrete! Am super excited!
That was incredible!!! I wish I had a cousin who would build  that for me!
Totally awesome  Micheal Great Job.
Concrete with reinforcing does not crack if it is made properly and cured properly I can stand a 12 tonne load on a little Jack point with 4 inches of concrete the older it gets a stronger it gets so you are talking absolute nonsense according to you every road build of concrete in the world every tabletop every foundation for a house will crack garbage
BOB ROSS SUCKS
gall dang homer sexials
Awesome video!  Sound (and volume) was great!
Awesome Video!  You did a great job!   Informative and entertaining!  I look forward to more of your videos!
Nice
Hahaha...you're funny!!! 😂
( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°) ~ 𝕮𝖔𝖔𝖑 𝕭𝖊𝖆𝖓𝖘 ~ ( ͡°Ĺ̯ ͡° )
Just did a 4x2 with your instruction.  Turned out awesome man. Thanks for the video!
That was too much fun!
🤔🤔
You are amazingly talented and have the best personality 🖤
01:34 "This is America and I can do what I want." 😂😂
Awesome video man I just subscribed.
I made a concrete counter top..  and then it fell on the ground. Now its a patio...
how the grout hasnt smeared off? nice video
michael are you an ftm transgender?
Michael, don't be so hard on yourself.  I think this is by far the best project video production I have ever seen, and certainly one of the best produced!  You're mic'd, so your easy to understand, you really don''t have any superfluous content (you don't drone on and on about anything), your entertaining and informative.  You're editing and use of the software you used looks pretty experienced and professional from where I'm sitting.  PLUS the old-English 'D' tells me you're from HOME!  Seriously, great job!   I have to get home; I haven't seen a game at Comerica, Ford field, OR Little Caesar's Arena!!
concrete counter with rapid set mortar... is mortar  or concrete  ?  mortar will never be  stronger as concrete. lime cracks breaks easily .
get ready for cracks, put chicken wire mesh in, for work benches use re bar
That was awesome thank you for the video
Excellent project , and great job making the video - music is fine - look forward to more videos
Pretty good for your first video. Keep up the good work!
This is the coolest idea! We bought a house, and I wanted to make something for the top of a table that was built on the patio by the old owner! This would be perfect for it! Keep up the good videos! 😊
im getting ready to pour my second counter top in the next couple weeks. wanted to recheck youtube for new ideas. im really glad i found your video as this will be the way i pour this next top. its the important one...going in the kitchen. 1st one was a test and its in the basement :) loved the way you did it especially the design you added with the sanded grout. i was wanting to add some flair.
Except your going to set the person in the middle of the couch on fire! Your burner is not deep enough into the pit!
Very awesome !!!!!!! Please continue to be so full of info in all of your future videos. This was very helpful. Thank you
Very nice video,
Not a good idea, most buildings were engineered for arborvitae. The weight per square is about 4 lbs per square foot. Cement or marble is about 40 lbs per square foot. You need to sister up the beams below, The floor below will bevel over time. imagine what this will do to your neighbour, s ceiling etc etc . Also think about the fact a counter top is hold a cup and saucer....
Really well done.  The video and the table.  Nice start.
Very cool! Any suggestions on adding a color to the mix?
Nice, well done
AWESOME IN ALL RESPECTS - Thanks so much for this video - I've been wanting to do this for ages but watching other videos, I just thought it would be too much to take on!!  I'm now a believer and off to the hardware store.  Keep on inspiring!!
Murica
Rep'n the D! and So fucking awesome,  thank you!
Thanks for sharing!!  Looks GREAT!
Amazing table and great videography!  Very engaging presentation skills, and some really good ideas with your shots.  Instant subscriber -- look forward to more!
You were so fun to watch! Should have your own HGTV show. Looking forward to learning more from you.
Love this video... my husband and I are making a countertop, you help us. Thank you!
So cool!  I am making a concrete counter top for my bathroom.  Your video gives me confidence!   Thank you!  The coffee table is beautiful.
Awesome
You have rocked it my man. Excellent job!
Awesome video man!
mike and his antics ,oh, I mean builds
Man this was a great video. Watching the mold come off the counter top was satisfying.
Good video thanks
so....I was good until the caulking part.  Built the mold..applied caulk...sprayed caulk with glass cleaner...ran finger down caulk.  That's when things went bad.  Caulk ranged from smearing up side of mold, to completely pulling out of the crack all together.  trying to fix it only makes it worse.   wait a few hours to let it cure and then attempt to scrape excess off and fix areas where it isn't enough.  gets worse again.  turns out this stuff really sticks on there and doesn't come off easily without damaging melamine surface.  long story short...mold just got tossed into bonfire pile.  any tips for next attempt? um..maybe if the caulk stumped me this is outside my skill set ;)
WOW just beautiful .... loved your demo. Im doing stuff like this to my home and im girl trying to do it al myself ..... i have roman gecko thyme with sharp contemporary soft furniture . I add just little touches of vintage antiques,   and a splash of pastels ....  I just was trying to explain this to people and trying to figure out what all i needed cause no one would listen that yes it can be done.   Im using your demo to do my kitchen countertops cause it was perfectly explained the best way and  to do it right. Who needs granite, this look blows granite to another planet. It equine. Im doing my back splash in old vintage newspapers i got for 25 cents !  Thank you for your video... it was awesome and i learned alot from you and look forward to your posts as i subscribed to you. I can only imagine what your house looks like and im sure your wife has you doing some amazing pcs . Thumbs up on your first video it was fun watching your silly side too 👍
I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!!!!!!!! MORE, MORE, MORE PLEASE!
Thinking about doing this project for kitchen countertop. Any other advice for the finish? Thanks for sharing. Also, does the concrete come in different colors?
so not an hour.....
I just came across your video and all that I can say is , " kudos to you " . Not only for the useful info ' but I " learned something " and enjoyed it at the same time .
Nice build.  I'm interested in making an outdoor table that will stay outside in the elements in the northeast.  Just leave it raw like you did or seal it with something?  Thanks!
Whats the deal with the hat? Would love to see some MC videos too if you have anything. Concrete fairings next?
I loved the vid.  Thanks for the inspiration
The only thing I would say is that the title is deceiving because the caulk on the mold takes 24 hours to dry.  But, I only had to point that out because the video title.  Well done!
Dude..... above and beyond!
Definitely not as easy as it looks.... Well the concrete part... Will pull form tomorrow and see what we got. Fingers crossed...
Great video and learning experience! You are very entertaining. Subscribing for sure.
Michael I have 3/4 inch press board same as melamine without the white coat. Should I seal the form with something like red guard to protect the form from the concrete pour?
Wow! Great video!! Thx for sharing! Definatley making this!!
Awesome video! That table looks great but you make it look so easy it makes me feel like I have toddler skills! lol
Your Awesome!!!
1 hour counter top in a 20 min video with 10 mins of extra BS that’s a waste of my time taking about how quick it’s going to be.
You'd be fu🤔🤔ed if your battery ran out on your drill especially with a 15 min set time
Dude, you need your own tv show. Great humor and edit, including  info presented in a non boring way. Your first video? Great job.
Props for PPE shout out at 15:50
Blessed hands, thanks for the video
Got up to 1:39 and had to turn it off because of the music.
Excellent video clear instructions , thank you 🙏
Yes, terrrible music, but what was in the small bags you added. What would it be called in Spain ?
I love your work!
loved it!
Need like store in Hyderabad, India
Beautiful!
Awesome, this grandma is gonna tackle making a very similar table! Seriously cool!
Why do you keep sticking your face in the camera !?    Weirdo ! Sorry, can’t watch !
I can forgive the misleading title "1 hour" but it POTE-ABLE water not POT-ABLE. Still pretty cool, thumbs up.
You responded!!!    I told my daughter. I doubt he will be able to respond!    I want the concrete counters in my backyard outdoor living space.  If I want to move the table around I would like to do that easily to reposition the furniture.  I saw a video on doing a light concrete countertop using an overlay approach.  What are your thoughts?   Can you do a video?
Your video its very inspiring, I just bought all the supplies. One question? How long can you go with the mortar mix without reinforcement. I am trying to do a 4x8 l shape. Second, you should add more materials to the description list like wd40, window cleaner, silicone, grout, screws,etc. Thank you so much
What can I do so that it is lightweight?
Could I use this technique on a 12 table? Or would it need extra reinforcement?
a little head up for bigger project. be ready to pour quickly as the first batch will start cooking the following one afterward. the continuous spray bottle is an absolute must to wet the slab (unles you're outside and have access to a hose with mist option). bigger slab also means a lot heavier! think about where you are pourring to avoid loosing level on grass or even avoiding breaking what ever you are pouring on. Also keep in mind to have some friends on hand to help you move the slab (one bag is 55 pound, an 8 foot by 2 foot slab will require about 6 so just do the math) dont hurt yourselve guys
Awesome table! I love the design! I'm researching dyi videos so I can redo my kitchen countertops
Your music is too loud but apart from that its pretty good
Michael, thx for being specific about what materials to use.  I'm remodeling an old hotel in the Bahamas.  Lots of crumbling old concrete everywhere. I shall be your stalker!
This is awesome!! Great job!!!
As a DIY'er myself, I can tell you that this is the best concrete top build I've seen. Love the detail on top and how easy it was to make. Keep up the good work
No rebar?
Love the video. You are funny too & your voice does not break glass. You covered everything, even finished the whole project, not just the top. I want more!
What finish or sealer did you use?
nope actually this is the first one Ive watched :D :X
So talented and super cute too!
Dude...you should have mentioned the importance of timing!! 😆 I loved your video and just bought everything I need to try this, but my mud set up SO FAST in the bucket I didn't even have a chance to pour it!  Try again tomorrow, this time I know I have about 4 seconds 😑
Oh ok, I’m sorry, I see you said you are learning on how to do the volume. Well you are past me cuz I have never even done a video, LOL !
Oh my, the music scared the tar out of me. I’m trying to hear what mortar you used. I guess I’ll ask for the brown bag! LOL 😝
Awesome job, keep um coming!
Mike  I can't wait to see your other projects...and try some of them...I like proving to my husband that I am not just a girl
Awesome job Michael.  Curious if you gave thought to doing one of these counters in an off white color?
Hi loving your work, I can’t find any bagged CSA based cement here in the uk, any recommendations? Found quick drying, but think it’s not the same?
Genius! Thanks!
Awesome! And it's your first video,  amazing! I love to work with concrete and really enjoyed this project. Look forward to much more!!!
Is there a comparable product to the rapid set mortar mix. I do not live near a Home Depot.
Sorry daughter post before I was ready.  Isn’t Mortar weaker than concrete? Can  you use rapid set Concrete instead?
Hi, Good video, just one question, so this more like a Mortar Countertop not a Concrete one?  Correct me if I’m wrong bout in
Amazing video ! Thank you so much. Im planning making a 6 feet countertop for my island in the kitchen. Can I add pigment to make it white ? Thanks again
Can you make a sink cut out on this?
Could you show you to make one  to fit a kitchen sink please
Damn.... This was the best first video I've seen...
please do more videos!  you are easy to understand, perfect amount of humor, directions are laid out simply, and have inspired me to try the projects that you do! thank you so much for keeping it simple for first-timers such as myself!!!!  your the best!!!!
not only troweling but polishing...
Even a fly could follow your clear, simple instructions, Michael U R Awesome
Absolute Genius! I'm considering add it to my front walkway.  I'm wondering how smooth the surface is and whether design would hold up to being walked on.
Wow! Absolute skill in every way. Camera work is excellent... and what an inspiration. I thought at first I was going to skip the video, but couldn't. 10/10 top of the class. Cheers.
Nice production and editing cuts...
Awesome video, awesome construction, you are the man
Great vid! If you were aiming to be the next dude in a Toujeo commercial at the Depot, then you nailed it!
How would we fix  design I’d say the concrete didn’t pick up all the grout from the stencil we used?
Awesome job. I like the “D” bucket.
Good job! I'm going to build concrete counter tops! I think this is the last vid I need to watch! Thanks!
What about concrete poisoning?,,,☆,dust particles while preparing food((,cleaning up after a anything that can stain The concrete top?,As concrete is pores& never stops curing , concrete partials will be loosened if a impact from cookware or anything else .GOOGLE ;;;CONCRETE POISONING-!,,☆
1.9k dislikes dropped in on their toes while wearing sandals
Hey man, that was awesome. Question? When you poured, how did you not mess up the grout compass you made or am I over thinking it
Great video! I can't believe this was your first experience! Your video producing skills are as cool as your concrete counter top! Keep them coming!
Thanks Michael, great vid, really enjoyed you're humor. Good luck, will keep watching.
Would you use reinforcement if you wanted to make a 6 foot table out of this concrete mix?
rather just buy granite.  Looks way better than this.
Great video love the attitude.  I would be afraid to chip the edges.  Awesome project.  Could you saw this material to drop a sink into?
Could you add studs for mounting?  Or how do you mount?
best video.. now can we be Facebook friends    for install
My man you nailed it.  Great job.
Is it really necessary for you to act like a moron?
Nice job and idea man!
Loose the music all together.  No music is better than not being able to hear ever again!!
great video, music sucks, how much does the slab weigh and how would you adhere it the kitchen cabinets?
Awesome. Very well done. Question - do you seal or use a clear coat at all?
Impressive Brother! Cool video
I thought everything was great, great tips and suggestions I am going to give it a try. I make hypertufa pots so concrete is a love. 🇨🇦
mwill i need to put  wire if mine is 65”
Very entertaining and informative...well done Michael.
Can you tell more about the strength if this material? We want to make our countertops  and base cabinets of concrete, but my husband will truly doubt the strength of this countertop overtime without any skeletal support. Yet this seems so easy and inexpensive. Thank you for sharing this great and informative video.
Thanks for this so informative and great video on concrete countertops.  We are constructing  our new house and we've decided on concrete base cabinets and concrete countertops, but I'm sure my husband will be doubting the strength of this countertop since it doesn't have any inner support which is the way he has worked our house which by the way it's all block and con
You made a great video that motivated me and DID NOT BORE ME!
Keep them videos coming! Of course I have a pile of pallet in my backyard! I also have about 100 meters of vire, woodpanels & planks enough to build a minor housa, a pile of old racingtyres, a piece of a railway, some oilbarrels, couple of rusty bedsprings and at least twohundred other "good-2-have-stuff" so keep the good ideas flowing! 💪👍😁
Great video but is anyone going to tell him his compass arrow is backward? 🤐
Subscribed!
Love the Depot trip part!!  (But, Lowes is better, haha!)
Thanks man this is an awesome video I am going to try this for my kitchen counter tops!!
Outstanding! Thanks for the education! Keep doin’ what your doin’!
What a great video! This is the best DIY video I have ever seem. Love your personality and cool ways to teach how to accomplish the task. Confidence is the least to say you have inspired. Clear instructions, no hassle....lots of charm. Your coffee table is beautiful! Best of luck and keep up the good work. Much love from Houston TX.
Detroit Tiger....I used to live in Auburn hills, just moved back to Thailand but still missing Detroit a lot bro. Nice Video. I love it
Yeah ... Only in America ... Because all other countries all tyrannies where concrete hearts are forbidden. And by the way, it's a mortar counter top, not a concrete counter top.
Does he get money from HD for his videos?
Brother this is a cool video, so informative in every aspect, the table came out amazingly, this has inspired me to give it a try, I love doing home projects. Looking forward to seeing more of your videos. 👍🏼👊🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
that's freaking awesome bro! great video with simple information... like it!
Hey Mike great video, want to tackle this for my kitchen you think after sealing the counters will be food safe ? Let me know project begins tomorrow !
Good Stuff!
Very nice first attempt! I can see I’m not the first to discover your many talents, I’m glad to see success has rewarded your efforts! So glad I stumbled across your helpful video. New subscriber 😎
Only thing is, I think you should have warned me not to try to tear out the nails with my teeth. It simply didn't work, but maybe that's because I already had dentures?  Seriously, fun and cool video. I would have been totally intimidated to try this. Now, I can't wait to get at it. I'm not sure I have enough friends for the move though. Maybe I can do it in sections? Leave one edge straight and true?  Anyone have any suggestions?
You make this look way too easy! Good job! I'm almost motivated to go make my own. Amazing first video too!👏
Incredible first video.  Keep up the great content and editing work.  This video gives hope to those people considering starting a YouTube channel and wondering if it’s possible to hit the ground running, you proved it is! All you need is great content and great editing and people will like it, give it thumbs up, and. White you know it 2.4M views and 150k subscribers, your doing it man! Congrats!  P.S. I love how you put what camera, accessories, and software you use in the description and also the music!
can i hire you lol im in the detroit area
Using this material, could I use a foam inner core to reduce weight for a dining table size surface?
very good video!!! Enjoyed watching
Awesome, easy to watch and duplicate. Thanks!  Dislikes are inconsequential and misplaced (or jealous dweebs).
Great video! I was in need of kitchen island top just incredible.
how come the concrete doesn't knock the grout all over the place? Great video!
Michael, I was wondering if you would consider doing this again using aircrete. I'm considering creating concrete countertops but I want to use aircrete instead of regular concrete.  The goal is to have the durability of concrete but lightweight. ALSO in the mold, could a person use 1/4 round material in the corners of the mold to give the finished product a routered look? Curious about your thoughts.
Thank you for the foam cleaner & wd40 tricks! Excited to make my countertop!
Nice one , Thx :)
I love this video. Thanks!!!
Try Formula 409 for spreading your cockin, it’s super slick.
great video sir! making this project fun to do.  keep the videos coming.
Omg who’s dad is this?? 😂😂 he has such a YT personality lol
Very beautiful! what did u use to make that design? I mean , what material is that black stuff?
Yeah Mike! Loved your video and your sense of humor- 😁 More videos YES. Any creative ideas for walkways?
@ Michael Builds you are a natural! Enjoyable, entertaining, clear instructions - “the whole enchilada” and I don’t even have a need for a concrete countertop (right now), but your video was so inspirational I want to find one 🤗 Best success in your future videos... I’ll be watching 👀for them 👌🌺👍
First concrete table top and it came out amazing!! Thank you so much
gotta give it to you my man, that was awesome.
Michael, Nice work!  Very creative.  Definitely going to give your method a go around!
Thank you, thank you, thank you! Just completed my first three of four cast pieces using your technique. Took five bags of the RapidSet Mortar across three forms.   Notes: -After mixing five bags, one immediately after another, the first form had already started to solidify and I did not get any bubbles vibed out. BUT the results are practically void free and look great. I attribute this to the Flow Control. I was averaging about three minutes a bucket, and I had all 3 forms filled in under fifteen minutes. The RapidSet lives up to its name and sets FAST! Next time I get the wife to vibe it with the sawzall as I pour. -Instead of a spray bottle, I would use a garden hose with a misting nozzle. Pumping water for an hour was a PITA. Maybe put this in the back yard and keep a sprinkler on it to wet the cement constantly after it starts to kick. -The black silicone was a little difficult to remove from places and stained the cement. I eventually used a nylon abrasive cup brush in a drill to polish the top and it blended in well. Almost thinking that white silicone might be more appropriate. It will look good. Sealed and ready for placement.  Used a silicone edge moulding. Worked well. Used a grinder with a flap pad to clean and soften edges.  I've got confidence that in an hour I'll build the final form, and another hour to cast it. Easier than ever. Thanks again! Dave Atwater Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cool.  Great. Job !!!!
I want to add a concrete pad for picnic area with a pergola over it. What’s the best method?
Great video and incredible creation Michael!  thank you for posting.  I'm curious when increasing the scale to say long picnic table size with 6" overhangs all around should I use some sort of rebar or steel for support along with the rapid set mortar mix?
aircerte..? wold have been lighter..? would it have been strong enough..?
Like the top, still wouldn't have hurt to put a in few sticks of rebar  just to show how. That base though, looks like splinter ville. Ugh.
Very good video on teaching how to make a few things and the music was good. I liked it all 👍🏻  Thanks
Made cornhole boards using this method..worked perfect
AWESOME tutorial!! I will definitely be tackling this...Thx
Awesome video hit the like and subscribed before you even asked
I like you, I'll Subscribe :)
How come when you pour it doesn't ruin the tile grout design?
thank you show us how and what to use to add color also can i add more than one color
You make me want to make a concrete countertop, even though I had zero reason to before watching this video because of how cool and easy you made it look. Btw, I couldve swore you were a professional youtuber by now. Never would've imagined this was a first vid.
Dude you're an F-ing genius! Hands down the most straight forward and simple tutorial on the interwebs. I'm an instant subscriber.
5 mins into the video and I already liked and subscribed
Love ur channel bro! Keep it up just subscribed
Hey Michael If I want to do something round or with a round cut out inside....what material would I use for form on the curve? So it doesn’t stick.
Double SHIT! I don't have Facebook!
I'm hoping he loves up to that promise 🙏🏼 I mean SHIT! I don't think I can manage another one
How do you clean it ?
Excellent video. Thanks for the knowledge.
Great video. What would you estimate the cost range to be for a kitchen if I were to make this using the materials in the video?
Subscribed because you show us like normal people how to do things. Thanks!
ha this was my first one and I wasn't even looking for a concrete counter top video
Great video!  That's a beautiful table.  Thanks for sharing how to make it.
Am I the only one who got freaked out for a split second at 16:53 thinking the girl from the ring was haunting around.  Then realized it was only some old leftover materials.  Nice video 👍
my only problem is that u clearly did not make it same thick, coz you did not fill casting frame evenly and fully... there was missing mortar on one side
Nice.
I did several benches like that 10 years ago . I used the t shirt puff pant from the 1980' s to create art work on my mold . The puff pant drys hard like plastic on the inside of you mold so it comes out perfect . Walmart still sells it in the craft section for 1 dollar .
Oh shit. I did all as you say but it didn't happen... I guess I should have known better and not forget to toss the tools in the air as you do @ 8:12   !
Love Bob Ross
Great Video ... Learned a lot and ready to try it...
One Fabricator to another (you)! Very well done; professional commentary, fun to watch also. Look forward to seeing more. I learned about concrete and what you can do with it with a good imagination and helpful expert advise. I will be using this idea when we start building our metal barn dominium. Thanks again
Very, very, VERY COOL! You have inspired me big time!
Whoops! Just fell in love with You!  Fun to watch, and so informative and creative!
Fun video, might have a go and I’m a 64yr old grannies 😂
Michael, that was awesome. Great description and the table came out great. Subbed.
Design me a patio table from this.. Thanks man!!!!
I love your project! totally building a bar and using your technique. Would like to see how to build sink molds, preferably a trough sink with 2 single hole faucet spots.  and I was wondering about molds for gargoyles, Do you have any suggestions, where I could buy them or how to create some??  Last thing; The Video ROCKS! Your voice volume is great. music volume is inconsistent and mostly too loud. Had to keep adjusting the volume while I watched. Cant wait to see more.
How about coloring the concrete instead of vanes? What would you use and how would you go about doing that?
good thing you had no wind for the day!   nice job on the video!
Thank you so much for sharing!  This was very helpful :)
@10:52 “Science.. b****”  *Michael Builds throws up jazzercise 🖐🏼 🤚🏼 *
Somebody come get their dad.. 😂     Great video tho! Entertaining if you got time to watch.. lol
He hilarious! thank you for this video!
no bar ?
What was used for the design? (The powdered thing used with the stencil?)
I hope to see more videos. You are so funny. Love your personality and jokes.
Damn that was your first video??  Jesus Christ you’ll be known world wide by next year !!
Sweet
Absolutely loved the video. I am going to be renovating a farmhouse with a new kitchen. I want to build an island and would love to try creating a concrete top using your method. The top will be 38” x 72”.  I see someone also used color and other finishing processes. Will be exploring your additional videos and look forward to my adventure. I can round up a few good men to muscle it into the kitchen and install. Thank you for this video.
this was incredible
brilliant, shame they dont have anything like a depot in philippines
I truly wished you turned your music a peg or two down.
Hey, loved the video. Debating making a larger table like that, but a bit concerned with weight. Any rough idea on how much the finished table weighed?
Yoooo. I don’t comment on much stuff but your video doesn’t suck. Great job.
Amazing for a first video!!
I enjoyed watching you do this.  I love things made from old pallets.  Great idea for the top.
I like your video man. Thanx for it
Loved it! And you added humor which made it fun to watch. I liked - subscribed and will definitely watch more of your video's. Thanks
Good video thank you for the insperation
Is there a reason to use potable water? I'm off grid and don't have running water but have ponds nearby....And TY! I will be doing this soon for my place!
Thanks for the great video .... I can’t wait to try it.  Can you add a concrete color to the rapid set mortar? If so, which do you recommend?
I am a brick and block mason and been one since the 70s and consider myself knowledgable but even I learned something. Great Video.
Amazing!
Tried it out....didn't go nearly as smooth as yours did, but for a first go, it worked out pretty well.  Embedded a bunch of metal bits and pieces and odds and ends...and turned the top into a fire table top.  It grows on me daily!  Would love to  share pictures of the finished product!  Great video.....loved it!
Same music as bcc :) fortnite
how about color staining?
Awesome!  I will definitely follow you.  I love how you present.
Awesome personality, Great project, Kick ass video! New fan and sub. Much love from West Virginia.  ...and yeah,  everyone should have a stack of pallets!
excellent vid Michael....practical and very entertaining.  thank you
I see a lot of skill and great work and a good humorous presentation but, that music was just too loud.  I couldn't watch the whole video because of that.  Need some volume leveling.
outside fire place?
I do not understand the thumbs down. It is Great Video...It does not seem like a first video at all.
You are very talented, and entertaining.  HGTV should be calling you.
Excellent video and content. Can’t believe it was your first video!
Made a top today using your method,  came out great. Thanks for the Video
AWESOME video !  The best part was pulling nails with your teeth lol  😎
Michael you nailed it! Just hit the subscribe button, this video is EXACTLY what I have been looking for. !!!! You singlehandidly saved me from hours of death by DYI videos and days of unsuccessful attempts.
We just did this method today.  Followed all the tips.  This stuff is terrific.  It really does set up fast so have a helper.  You do need to move pretty quick.  But man it is strong.  We actually made a fireplace surround.  It was 3/4 in thick and it did not flex at all.  I'm super happy for the video.  Thanks Michael.
How heavy was the table top after it cured?
well .............. your a natural,you can be on a reality show not only you gave me the incentive to do the concrete kitchen island I want for the wife .you gave me some awesome ideals in customizing the counter top. You should be as proud as a puppy with two peters brother.    P.S. you just got a friend to help set any top !
Awesome DIY project.  The only things that I would do differently would be to seal the top and burn the cut ends of the pallet wood with a torch.  Thx for sharing the vid.
That was wicked 😎 like it, going to have to try that
I have more than 500 friends on face book. I asked for help and I lost them all. Thanks for the instruction, great information! #Boycott Home Depot
Awesome video! Very informative and helpful!  Do you or does anyone think this technique would work just as well using a pour in place form on a countertop? or would it be best to use different mortar mix? Any thoughts appreciated!
Really enjoyed this  , informative and amusing is always a good combination , and you nailed it . Thanks .
Can you buy pre made molds?
I felt this was easy enough for a girl to do! I will be subbing!
AWESOME first video. I just can't understand some people with 1.8 K not liking it. What is there not to like; great video.
Have you dyed any concrete? Does it work with this particular mix?
Now I'm gonna remember you every time I go to home depot. Kick ass video
Really enjoyed the commentary and SPECIAL EFFECTS. Love the ideas. You gots skills!
2.3M views on your first video... damn son. Nice job.  Very cool and inexpensive idea.
Very cool video. You're one of the first guys who's really give good & easy tips & techniques. I'm a new home owner and know very little, well nothing, about home construction or how to use cement. Glad I stumbled upon you video. 👷
That looks great!  Good job!  Also, great job on your first video!
Shop Lowe's. Home Depot co-founder supports Trump. If you support Trump, you are condoning racism; therefore, you are a racist.
Michael Builds, This was incredible for a first video! I'm looking forward to watching future builds! Two big thumbs up from this guy!
Amazing table!!!
I love these videos!!!!
Sorry if this has been asked before, but why the Mortar Mix and not Concrete All for your base material? I also have to echo that I don't subscribe to much but subscribed to you straight away! Keep up the good work!
18:16 Order out of Chaos ..... ;-)
Good stuff and well produced. You're a natural at this and know your stuff
You're first video?? Amazing job! You got a new subscriber.
No sad little accidents with that stupid pitiful sound that was in the background...other than that..nice job!
Wow, for a first video that was amazing!
I was so inspired by your video. I literally “Did a Depot run” but I’m not 100% what mortar you used. Any chance you can help me out?
I don't have a need for a concrete counter top at the moment but, for some reason the title caught my eye enough to watch at bit! Your FIRST video??? Wow. Amazing. Editing, the B-roll, the humor, camera angles and information made me watch to the end. I have edited video before and I know something like this does not just happen.  I didn't notice the volume too much, as others have mentioned,  but something to adjust for the future. Overall, outstanding DIY project video!
This is a lie. Took me an hour just going to home depot
Great job Michael I just have one question. Can you reuse the molds?
Really Amazing video, I don't comment much on YouTube videos but this guy with his talent and skill both the tools and video editing, he is simply awesome..
I watched this great video for the third time and realize I am not sure when to spray the water. Do you tap the sides for a few minutes and then spray a mist of water? How often must we spray? I also am stumped on the 4 to 1 ratio of water. I guess this project can serve as an example of how much concrete you would need and it seam that 5 quarts of water is perfect for a 55 lbs bag. A 2ft by 4 ft slab requires two bags but what if I want to make something higher or longer or wider? Am I making any sense with my question of how to determine much concrete needed for a project? Thanks
Wow make that for me lol
This is a very cool project! Thanks for the video. Could you use regular concrete stain on this to color it?
I tried to make a table top, but the Rapid Set set up way too fast.  You need to go back and add the comment to use Set Control if the weather is warm or you are a beginner.  Until I bought this additive, I wasted a couple bags of Rapid Set trying to get them mixed and ready for pouring.  Great video, please add in something so people get it right from the beginning.  Thank you!
No Mike, all the videos have the same crap music...and it's too loud
Does the mortar comes in other color?
You are kidding me!! Holy $#@! this was filmed on an iphone?! (mind blown)
Seriously!!?? This was your FIRST video?  My goodness!  I love it! I love you! You are so awesome! I like your attitude & faces you make; such a NOT boring video & VERY informative! PLEASE make more like this!  Thank you
This really isn't any easier than the other videos I've watched but you have really awesome tips. Like the method for stenciling patters and using flow control. Genius!
BNice. I always thought rebars were needed.  I have an outdoor kitchen but the counter is longer. Just make a longer box and sand the joint afterwards. I want to stain mine and seal it . You made it look easy.
Pretty awesome for a first video.  Can't wait to see more.
my poor ear drums.  I loved watching you do this project and it turned out fantastic. well done.  Oh i reckon you weighed 14 stone 4lb.    just right lol ........................cheryl from uk xx
Great video and nice job. You need to highlight that stencil should be ‘opposite’ when you lay it down on form base. Finish slab will be mirror and look ‘correct’. Or did everyone already know that?  Thanks for cool idea to eat up a lonely weekend.
WOW, love this video. thank you.
great video, im wondering if you can place soda caps inplace of the stentle and clear coat sealing everything in.
Which sanded tile grout did you use (brand & color)?Thanks.
I like the video. But can you use the rapid cement instead of the mortar mix.
Very wonderful.  I could use back to basics with tools....
i dont know mike, but some of my accidents havent been too happy! lol! more like legendary!
looks heavy
Wonderful video! Wonderful project!! (but I don't really care for the "live edge" you put on it)  I need to build some outdoor benches. Is this stuff strong enough for people to sit on? How thick can it be made?  Is the form reusable?
Ahh we didn't get to see the cousin's reaction
please, please dont ever roll out again. " 3:36
Great video! I just subscribed!
I'm a new subscriber to your channel I couldn't believe this was your first video u did such a great job.
Man.. that's awesome! I have to do it! Or at least help my husband do it lol!
Keemstar? Is that you?
Great vid. Good style; fun and informative. Awesome job.
Perfect.
Looks great!  Going to try it in my kitchen
Would love to see a fire brick oven video from you!
Awesome video! Can't wait to see more.. thank you 😊
My drill smoked when I mixed with concrete and it's a hammer drill. Maybe it was the concrete I was using. It wasn't Mortar Mix but sidewalk concrete that has rocks in it. I don't think Mortar Mix is hard to mix.
So cool. I will do this for my BBQ thing im doing!
What's all that water you were flicking off at 13:08? Was that curing water you sprayed on?
I typically don't leave comments but dang, for your first video, this was great!  Haven't tried it yet, checked out a bunch of other instructional videos and you give some great advice, techniques, and style.  Keep it up, you have another subscriber.
Love it, plus all the humour. Thanks
I think you can see by all the comments that you've  done a great job... Now let's  see what else you got in video number 2!! I so look forward to it... I'm still smiling about the nail you bit out of that wood.... Very clever and I like clever... and that 500 friends comment priceless! keep up the good work I like your style and evidently 117,000 people do to! And it can't hurt being so attractive! you're adorable good luck...
WOW with all the other concrete top videos , Yours is by far the quickest and easiest. I made a kitchen table top  41 X 67,  I made some mistakes but over all I think turned OK  It took 4 bags of Fast Set  and 4 people to flip it over safely Thank you for the video.
Great video Michael
How do you make the counter top to fit corners and L shaped space? How do you make the backsplash that goes on top of the counter top ?hanks
Love this WOW
Wow, I think you need to do Tutorials about making videos! That was awesome. Very nice gift that you made too!! Lovely!
Great video and details, Thanks! Can the Mold be used more than once?
Loved this would have loved it a little more if you had of sanded and stained the wood though ☺
Awesome project
Wow-for your first video, that was awesome!  Thank you for the tutorial.  Been wanting to replace my crappy island countertop for YEARS!
I would love to see you do one of these counter tops on an out door kitchen!
Michael .. my man... you just gained another follower... perfect result... great design... simple... rustic... thanks for the video
How do you hold the tile grout in place during the concrete pour?  great vid.
If this was your first video, I can't wait to see others. Extremely detailed in your instructions. You made it fun. Your presentation was excellent. Your speech was not mumbled and the project was perfect. Although I dabble in woodshop projects, I do have a circular 5' table that sits on the back deck that requires maintenance or an upgrade and this video has given me some ideas. Thank you for posting. You have earned another subscriber.
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME
nice!!!  Looks like a project.. I can dooooo
oh forgot to mention your videos are great and detailed. Thanks for your DIY video
LOVED the video  and you make it look so easy thank bro
What is your fornula to figure out how many bags you need by size of mold? Great tutorial BTW!
no way first vid, just no way. you gotta have editing schooling!
Obsessed with this dude !!
This is freaking awesome !!! Forever follower 😍😍😍😍
Do you think that this could be used as an over-sized paver for landscape project?
Thank you sir. You help alot. God bless you.
Excellent.  Most excellent
You are hilarious and entertaining! If this is your first video you are a born pro.
Great work
This project is great! I would love to see how you would tackle a sink cutout :). Thanks for making a great tutorial!
I made this slab. Super smooth!! But I can't stain it. It just comes off!! Any help?
Could you add color to the concrete in some way?
2 things for your buddy’s old coffee table... a can of gas and a match. First video?! Excellent job! Great music, a bit of humor, good instructions. Love how you recycled pallets, makes a cool rustic look. The top looks better chipped away to give it that rough look to go with the base. Well done.
Engineering problem: No matter how strong your concrete is it still only has great compression strength and does not have any tensile strength. So, when you put a bunch of heavy items on your counter time after time and year after year, your counter is going to experience compression stress. Since this doesn't happen in a vacuum, while the top is experiencing compression stress the bottom will be experiencing tensile stress. Maybe you'll be okay for a long time, maybe not. But adding metal, which provides the tensile strength shouldn't be hard even with your method. I am sure you could figure out how to float some wire in there. :-)
How does the tile grout stay put when you pour the concrete?
Great job!! Thanks so much!
your definitely going to want to seal this, so every time you spill something on the slab it doesn't stain it, also there are a lot of sealer's you can use, that doesn't make the top too shiny, unless you want the shiny, like Satin finish... I like the
That's some real good info. !
You're brilliant on camera. Loved the table!
You have just changed my life! I hope you make all sorts of videos to improve the DIY experience! I am the DIYer but my husband hates my grand ideas and hates having to come help! I could get this all done before he even knows we have new counter tops! I was looking for video on a live edge table with concrete inlay rather than epoxy, so happy I found this because I think it’ll be much easier!
Very cool ideas and your editing is professional!
Well done.
That was cool! I think I want a more polished surface though. For a kitchen or whatnot. Sealant?
Thanks Michael! I followed your videos and did my whole kitchen with these.
Man your sound effects got me PUMPED UP 😂😂 you are awesome.
Cute guy...tables cool too!
Seriously need help doing mine! Send help
when you did the grout stencil, how come the grout doesn't move when pouring the concrete?
really good video Thanks
Very easy to follow. Thanks for making this. I enjoy watching a lot of these videos but I don't always understand what some of these guys are taking about. I feel pretty confident I could make this  now after watching this. I appreciated the step by step without all the technicalities. 👍 I'm excited now. Great job! Looking forward to seeing more of your stuff.
Really cool. I have to believe that for kitchen use a smooth edge would be better, but this is going to be super easy! Thanks very much!
A pallet guy too, awesome.
AMAZZZING!!!!!
Great video!  I never would have guessed it was your first one. Im a subscriber now
That’s the best live edge I’ve seen
awesome video: i am going to try this...thanks for the inspiration
Question (and likely a dumb one at that). When spraying it with water to keep it saturated, are you saying to do that FOR an hour or do it as soon as it kicks and then WAIT an hour?
I wanted to incorporate the molding you did for the bar countertops into this... would you put the silicone on the mold first, let set for a day then use the adhesive for the molding? Thanks!
Cool project. Now for the critique. a) The music isn't only too loud, it's awful. And it doesn't fit your project. Note, you don't actually need music to make a great video. b) Close-ups and tight shots are over-used. I found myself leaning away from my computer screen. c) This could have been edited down to 15 minutes without losing a thing.  I'm grading you a B on this one.
Fantastic Video. Thank you from Cornwall England 🍺🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🍺
Gorgeous!
That's awesome man, great job
I’m wondering if this would work for extreme cold, living in northern Alberta?
Great!!!! I wouldn’t believe that this was your first video!!! Very good and very handsome 👍🏾
Dude, you ROCKED IT!!  Way to go....
Less is more
what are the dimensions of the mold
I love it.. cool
I really enjoyed your video tutorial on the concrete table! I would like to attempt it in the near future... if I do I’ll let ya know.
I knew it. That you can use concrete. I asked someone and they said that I'm crazy. Now who is the dome one. This is my first time ever watching this video. You are awesome. I love it. Now I really  want to make something. I got to share. 👍👍💞
holy fuck it looks so cool at the end!
Wow, Michael!  Bob Vila move over!  I am so very impressed with your first video.  This 65 Y/O lady who is a lifetime DIYer is inspired.  I am heading out to the West Coast to help with the reno on the house my son and his gf just bought.  We are sooooo going to do this.  I have high hopes of getting a new kitchen installed while I am there, and this is fabulous modern high-style look on low budget.
i need to do that for a bathroom vanity. the trick would be fashioning a mold for the cutout.
Subscribed and added to the list of projects that I know I could do but never find the time to do it 🙄 Nice coffee table
Hey buddy I thought the video was great but I did have a question about the grout did you have to spray any type of clear coat on to it before you did your pour
My biggest question is if this type of high-strength Mortar Mix is so good for making countertops, why does the company not even mention using this product for this purpose??? Seems like it would seriously increase their sales if they put the word 'Countertops' on the bag right?!
First Video?  WOW!  Just WOW! You come across as extremely comfortable, knowledgeable, good sense of humor and a great teacher. I concur with the majority of comments: * Lower volume of music (really annoying to those of us who do 1.5x to 2x speed when watching videos). * Great  camera angles * Fantastic information of all of the items needed to finish the project. * Nice addition of all of the little tricks that will make the project work easier (including the Captain Morgan Stance and use of the sander). * "Money" shot of the final project at the end was exceptional  Keep up the great work and having fun!  P.S. While I've watched 10's of thousands of videos over the years, and have commented on perhaps 0.007%.  This, being your first video, truly deserved commenting.
what is that tool you used to poke inside the caulk? is that to clear up a previously used bottle? thx. great video
Great 👍🏽 job,but I have a question other videos that I’ve seen shows them using wire mesh and/or steel bars. Didn’t c u use any is there a reason y?.
Hi there, enjoyed this video!  Question: Can I used an acid stain on this type of cement (Quick Setting) or does it not matter?  Thank you!
Hate hate hate the bloody stupid music. NO MUSIC IS NEEDED WHEN PEOPLE TALK !!!!
Your video and creation was AWESOME!!!
I love this.  I don't even need a concrete table, but I may still build one.
Great Vid,,   Plenty of good usable Data—-   Thanks.
You have all the qualifications of Hollywood movie producer, plus masonry professional, and plus cool DIY teacher.
You have all the qualifications of Hollywood movie producer, plus masonry professional, and plus cool DIY teacher.
Michael Builds, is it better to make the counter top in cooler temperatures? I tried today, but once I poured the second bucket my first one that I poured was too hard to spread. I ruined two bags of mix and flow control. 🤦🏻‍♂️ We had a heat index of 108 degrees today.
Saweet
That Detroit Bucket makes all the Difference!
just wondering how to finish the top,,a clear sealer?
Can you reuse your molds?????
Good information although I could do without the cute routines.  I'd suggest some discussion of tinting, and possibly of grinding to expose the aggregate.... not difficult, and tools not expensive.
Great idea and i have used old pallets to make stuff.
... slow ... clap ...
Thank you so much for this!!!!! I can't wait to get started. Esp now that I know I can put any design on the top. I will be watching more of these videos ASAP.  Already sent this to my business partner.
Very good idea to your great idea
No way mixing and pouring took 5 minutes
cool guy doing cool stuff. i just need to find this shit in germany now (Flow control? No idea!)
I love your skills man. Regards from South Africa
What about outdoor use? In extreme cold?
nice job
Yep, this video was very informative and entertaining at the same time. I assume the products you use are readily available in Australia so will give this technique a go. Just one question. Did you purposely not overfill the box  before screeding because you were going to use the top on a rustic coffee table where precise levels were not required. I was taught to overfill the mould and screed off excess to ensure uniform thickness of the slab. Also I think this technique could also be used to make home made pavers for external use. Would that quick set mortar be suitable for that purpose or should I use rapid-set bagged pre-mixed concrete? Cheers. [Sorry - I just noticed that that was two questions!]
Very Very informative. Thank you
Why do you need music? Super annoying!
Loved it
Loved your video. You nailed it. Every video to date did more to talk me out of this project.
Why bother with the caulking? He did say nice smooth edge then broke it off.
Thank you!!! Looks doable!!!!
When you started with the stencil, did you just pour the dry cement on the stencils and leave it. If you didn’t put any liquid on it why would it need to dry?
Why yes I do have a pile of pallets ... to my husband's disdain 😝  Thanks for making this seem so doable and look so amazing!!  Subscribed!
Can you add a color to the concrete when mixing?
Should I spray those boards to ensure there are no termites or other pests in the wood?
You had me at Spax! Great minds think alike; creative minds think with originality.  I normally hate music in instructional videos but you made good choices; thanks.
is there a way add color? Or swirls of more than one color? Maybe just gave you another video idea.
Dude, this is the best video I've seen on concrete counter tops and really, on of the best DIY videos I've seen...period!  Love how you really go step by step through the process and your sense of humor is spot on!  I'm building a concrete bar top this weekend!  Subscribed and look forward to more videos!
This guy will be a star! A+ talent.
I just came here from another video, and they made the process seem very impossible. *silently whispered to myself, “just buy the marble top.” Then I found this video and all faith is restored
Awesome
nice shit man gj!!
Awesome job and great video editing. Your a natural.
Thanks for the well explained video Mike
Pause it at 18:27 and you can see the difference where you mixed the two buckets of concrete with different amounts of water as a line running through the whole table.  Hope it cures the same color.
Can it be made without any pitting?     For a kitchen countertop pitting would catch and trap food particles.
Woah, hold up... Have I been saying melamine wrong this whole time called life: Mel-uh-mine?? 🙊 😭
cool stuff
I love your video. Hard to believe this is your first. Dude, you should be on DIY or HGTV! You are extremely talented. It doesn't hurt that you are also extremely easy on the eyes.
Awesome! what's the weight on the counter top?.
Do you think this method would be good for pavers that can be walked and stood on?
Cool video
Great Job
But you have to keep what appears to be an AMA road racing hat. (Old racer here)
What a great video!!!  Now I want to go build one, and I am going to do it!
What's that flow control named in Dutch, any Nederlanders hier?
Good Job Your style reminds me of Paul James style "Gardening By The Yard" HGTV
Ensure you finish mixing in all the concrete before adding the flow control because I just destroyed a bucket.
Help me understand what I can do so that all the grout stays in place. Some of the grout stayed in place perfectly while others did not at all. It was either good or large parts of grout completely missing (?).   Too much WD40?  No grout smears to my amazement the first time pouring the mix in.  Built a few small tables and ready for a larger one. Thanks for the great video.  Easy to follow for a great product. Thanks!
😮😮😮😮😮😍😍😍😍😍👏👏👏👏👏😁👍👍
Best 1st video EVER ♡
I love the video. I am building a new house and want to do my countertops and an Island. Do you have any videos showing how you allow for sinks? I would also love to have your thoughts on stains, coloring and epoxy finishing. Thanks
This was the best help!!  Would this method work for creating a bathroom shower base/partial wall as well?  This video was by far the most informative method video I’ve seen! I appreciate you sharing your knowledge.
Great video! Nice table but I’d hate to run into it in the middle of the night.🤕
Wow!! Best video I've ever watched! I love to make stuff, and I do, but sometimes I need help, my husband hates making stuff. He yells and screams and blames me for every happy accident!! Watching you was a joy! You have made lots of things, it's evident by your process. Thank you for this video, now I can make my craft table by myself, or with a girlfriend.
LOVE YOUR VIDEO.  GREAT HUMOR, GREAT IDEAS!!!!  FIRST, CANT BELIEVE IT!!
OMG. You are adorable and you made this look like such a fun project.  Don’t know if I’ll ever try it but I would love to see how you made the tree surround bench.
After seeing this I might do this in My Kitchen and Bathrooms, Great job Keep up the awesome work.
Hey Michael.  Looking to build a concrete countertop for outside here in Canada.  Will this hold up to the cold/snow/ice?
WOW.... my brother makes concrete countertops but he could learn a few things that would make his even better. By far the best DIY video I have seen in a long time. Keep of the creativity and great work
Wow great job! Thank you!
First vid, nailed it..
Awesome video. I have a question though. If i were to make a table top but it’s 79” x 37” would I need to add some reinforcements since it has a larger surface area? Or is this mix that good? I’ll try and look up the strengths at whatever sizes if I can find it. Thank you
First video? Great job. I want to see a reaction from your cousin.
Your first video?  It was excellent.
I caught my wife watching you lifting concrete. Then she her girl called and asked me to watch. Awesome first video. Keep up the great work. I'm a vet are you a vet too? cheers!
Most impressive and encouraging Professional quality presentation. Would save big bucks as a DIY. Like the lighter color as well.
My first official comment on a YouTube tutorial just to say well done!  Can’t believe this was your first one.  Can’t wait to give this project a go- thanks so much!!
Excellent
My one question.... if it’s for a countertop doesnt there need to be some sort of lip/overhang?
Thanks for sharing. It is nice to see someone show how simple a project can be and how one can make it be a little fun.  I can see getting kids and grandkids involved in a project like this.   THUMBS UP!!
You are SO fun to watch. “Depot run! “
My forty year old youngest Son Died in March in a snowboarding accident , I will try your idea to make a Headstone.
Great idea,, great craftsmanship... I have a project I want to do   If u answer me back. I will forward my task.  And maybe u could help me by helping me with ideas and also your craftsmanship. Thanks  again great job !!
Love it
What did u use to pour in the design..
Outstanding video! First time? Are you sure? Dude, you set the bar VERY HIGH! That was a very cool top & love the table, great project!!
Should I put reinforcement in this if it will be outdoors as a table top?
That music is sooooo annoyingly shite
Not my area but I love your video. Give so great ideas!! Love your sense of humor. Thank you
Wondering if a dye could be used prior to the cement pour and blowing it around with a straw and letting it dry about half way to simulate marbling texture without so much pitting and offer a variety of color choices?
Spent an entire career working in broadcast television. Michael, you have a natural talent for being an on camera personality. The video could be better technically. But, you're off to a great start. Please remember to keep making your videos as brief as possible. Relay the information in a brief and humorous way. And never forget the closing "money shot". A well lit smooth and slow camera movement depicting the finished product. In this case, it would have been nice to include a reaction shot of the coffee table's recipient as well. Overall, very impressive video in terms of both the quality of information, subject matter knowledge depicted, personality conveyed, variety of camera angles, and brevity.
Michael tomorrow is the day. Form is ready and caulk is setting up.  Patio table with a decorative edge. Thanks for the direction and inspiration.
How many cubic feet does a bag cover?
fix the damn sound ...
This guy was awesome!!
Michael:  Love your skills!  :). Can you show how you measure and make the template for a counter top?  I need a U-shaped counter top, with a sink inset and am clueless as to how to make the template.  Any help would be appreciated.  You seem to understand the frustrations that we face when doing this, so I’m hoping for a template video, because I’m guessing you’ll hit all the proverbial nails on the head! :)
I'm going to make a wood burning grill.Fire brick on top and wood storage underneath.Boom.
Dude.You have some great idea's.Your the man
I never say "Wow!", so is my first time. Please excuse the volume, I am still learning the ins and outs of expressing my enthusiasm.  Thanks, indeed.  Can I request something?: Could you do a short on how to calculate the amount of concrete needed according to the mold (inches and meters)? I know how since 1984 or so, but I have seen people strugling against the numbers. I hope that, with your educational talent, you will make life easier for those who knot themselves with calculations.
I wish I wouldn’t crippled and I wished I was younger and I wish I was a man because what you have done is beautiful and you look so happy and you make me want to be happy. Wonderful job and you’re really talented God bless you hope you know Jesus Christ as your savior if you do you’re the most well-rounded person in the world
How long after setting the mortar and such do you need to wait to seal it with that granite gold spray?
For your first video... awesome work. High production quality.
Cool table, makes me wana go grab my tools and start building 👌👍
Can you add color to the mix
First off, I nearly had to stop watching as I’m not on Facebook and don’t really have friends. But I preserved. Great build. For I first video you did some awesome project and nicely edited film making.
Pretty sweet
Nice job bud!
love your show, turn down the disco music please.
Is your cousin married?  If he is better show that to his wife before making a formal presentation of that as a gift.
could you put the rigid insulation backing on this to make it lighter, as they do with GFRC setups? and does the ready set come in a white?
how much weight?  let's guess everyone.  275lbs.
Actual building starts at the 5:00 mark in case anyone else would like to know that.
Absolutely bad ass Michael ! You are a natural at this..can't wait for more!
I don't like the rough edges. Especially if you rub against the edge. Round them off with angle Grinder. Make em smooth and nice to touch.
https://photos.app.goo.gl/aXmRXTZenqwL5E3f8
Stunning 😍😍
Can you put clear epoxy on it for a smooth finish? If not what do you recommend to give it a smooth top with no pits?
Mike it amazing meeting you tonight - can that product for the concrete work on top of limestone or sandstone also?
Excellent and your rentertaining. Loved it
Nice work with a out going Spirit . Double thumbs up !
Love everything about this video! Thank you for bringing this project down to a dull roar so we can all do it!
Your a natural!
Rapid Set mortar mix is $16.40 for a 55 lb bag. Quickrete 5000 psi 80 lb readimix is $3.98 in So. Cal.   Is it worth the cost to use mortar instead of readimix ?
HAHA... why yes actually i do have mountain of pallets hanging out by my shed... well, my shed is now a giant chicken coop..
Thanks for the great idea
Can this be used a dining room table as well?
You sir are a gentleman and a scholar!
Was the East and west flipped on the compass lol
Greetings From Australia bloody Top Job mate
Thank you, did you do something to the grout powder design to keep it in place before pouring the mortar mix?
dude just wow, and your first video , great job man .
Dude got me at the Bob Ross quote.  Good one! I was already liking it but that made me press the like button. Great product, great Video .
My God that music is the absolute worst and so freaking loud.
And the mark of a true DIY Guy: the Unfinished Guitar Project!
Captain Morgan Stance hahaha love it
Bro you got me at Bob Ross....
Absolutely awesome. I've just expanded my skillset....wow.
Could this exact technique be used for a bigger sized table top? More along the lines of a patio table. Thanks in advance. Great video
great work!!!
Thumbs down people lol are upset because they don't have his skills lmao
I loved your video, very well explained, thank you
Tks such a great video looks like doing pottery just lovely a nice table
First video????? MAGNIFICO!! You just became my handy go to person. Thank you for sharing this and taking the time to put this video together. I have kitchen counters and a outdoor patio table to build out of concrete 🙄. Just one question...is the final color of the concrete more of a white tone or more on the yellow tone? Is there a way to make it look white that you know of? Muchas Gracias!!
thumbs up for everything except that so called Natural vein.....:(
This was outstanding. Saved me thousands on a bathroom remodel. Great video keep them coming.
Would this product work to repair outdoor sidewalk pathways?
Brilliant! Thanks for the entertainment as well! 😊
I can make 1 in 10 seconds     Ebay.
Nice job.
Terrific!
YOU my friend.... are the man. Looking forward to more videos sir.
I was going to give some criticism but this is already so good for a first video
Gonna try this thanks for sharing !!
This guy is great. I am following u all the way. There is something about u that is needed in society learning centers. I suggest u set up a community learning program just like inspirational speakers but this time ur own should be a workshop. Teach us anything lololol people will appreciate u. I do appreciate u. Ur teaching skills and pattern is amazing. Thanks 🙏🏾 God bless u and America.
I like your style  Direct get to the project not all the extra mundane chit chat that other DIYer’s do in their videos  Thanks I’ll keep watching
You are simply amazing
thanks for sharing this....just one tip...I had to skip to about 4 mins to get past all the bs...the rest was great thanks
Mine didn't quite turn out right with the grout lines. What grout should I use. Loved it but was still hot after the hour like it was setting still.
I just had to SUBSCRIBE!
Mike, I'm about to build an outdoor kitchen and I am planning to try out your system. I plan to take it in bite-size chunks. It's going to be 12 ft long. Any recommendations with the rapid set or anything that might be different from a larger project?
Uhhh. And your funny. Totally enjoyed that!
OH MY GOSH!! THat is AMAZING!! I LOVE IT! Thank you so much.
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/pronunciation/english/potable
This... was... amazing to watch!
This was so perfect!!!  I want to lay a concrete walkway in my backyard!!  Can I do it myself??   Your first video rocke by the way!!
Such awesome ideas. I am going to make an outdoor grill prep station with this!!
OH DAMN.. NICE
What a cutie
it was nice until you beat it with the hammer then it turn ugly and dangerous
Great job on your first video.  No clue it was your first until the end.
I’ve been fussing with making a concrete top for my bathroom vanity I made and then I see this video. I’m ditching the other and doing this instead. Perfect.
So cool!
Really fun to watch - I usually get bored during DIY videos but all the visuals made it interesting.  May try making my own vanity top.
Great video! Thinking I'm gonna have to do this when I redo my countertops. How durable is it though? I noticed you didn't epoxy the top, so is it susceptible to water stains? I didn't think concrete was high maintenance until I moved into a new construction apartment building in Dallas that had concrete floors. I'm not sure what the deal was, but we ended up losing our deposit because my kids somehow messed up the concrete by staining it with water or whatever they spilled. Plus, as the concrete cured, it cracked, but building management said we did that by not properly maintaining the concrete. I'm not even sure if any of that's true, but those lease contracts pretty much have you by the balls.
Hey Bud... Thanks man 😃. Even I can attempt that 😉 wife might find me useful again 😂
Great video thanks 👊🏽 music was fine btw
So apparently any old mortar will not work.. We do not have home depot here in Australia.. was rather a mission to find a place that sells the rapid set.
I'm a 76 year old woman who would never even be able to attempt such a feat, but this was somehow very entertaining and intriguing. Was surprised to learn this is your first video. Excellent! It's always nice to learn about things, you never know when some of these tips might come in handy, even if it isn't for this particular project. Thanks very much.
Great video, liked and subbed! Will totally being doing this in my new home (first time home buyer woot)! Just a small correction and to give back some knowledge to the community, the strength of concrete is typically provided as the compression strength (f'c) not the tensile strength (4:14ish). Concrete works really well as a member in compression but poorly as a tension member as it only has a fraction of the compressive strength for tension (roughly 10%!!). When you bend a piece of concrete (13:55) it cracks and breaks typically due to the tensile forces. One solution is to add a material to take on the tensile forces if they are high. Enter steel (rebar) or other hybrid materials. Steel is fantastic in tension but easily buckles under compression. It is like concrete and steel were made for each other! An easier solution for the DIYer is to make the table thicker but obviously that makes the table heavier. Typical concrete weight is 150 lb/ft3 (not so sure about mortar/quick cement). -Structural Engineer
Awesome job
I've done a couple of those molds now. I've learned a few things. 1. There is definitely such a thing as too much of the grout. 2. Too much release agent can make the grout flow and "smear". 3. I suck at smoothing caulk. 4. Adding color to the concrete is easy and way cool. 5. I put some holes in a cup to make kind of a salt shaker for spreading the grout on my stencils. 6. There are no mistakes, only happy little accidents. Thanks Bob Ross.
Waste of $75.  I did everything exactly as was shown in the video and that mortar set up in less than 5 min.  And by set up i mean it was completely unworkable it cured so fast.  The flow control made it easier to work with but it set so fast it didnt even create a flat bottom there was still lots of pitting.  Outside temp was only 80 degrees.  The first bag cured so fast i didnt even get it out of the bucket.  No way im ever using that rapid set again especially at almost $20 a bag plus the flow control.  Total waste of money and about 5 hours of my time.  The title is VERY misleading.
Awesome video especially for a first timer.  I would really like to know where you go the Detroit bucket?
Awesome vid...what are the dimensions?
Im going to use this method to build an island top. The top is 38 x 60 inches. Will I need rebar fora top that big?
Cool. I think I could do this....except for the placing. But I have friends.
Love your video techniques and humor. Great video!
Wow....I will utilize this!!!! Amen helping us save on $$
Hello Michael, great project! What did you use making the design before pouring the concrete? Thanks!
I think you better check your level
Ill hit subscribe if you say you like Cleveland Indians!
I think you like video editing more than building.
Thanks for the video. Very entertaining and informative!
Can you clarify for me?  Did you wet it for 1 hour and then get the bubbles out??  In the video you water spray cured it for one hour, then afterwards vibrated the bubbles out.  Is that the proper sequence?  Thank you!  And great video btw!!
Love this video!!  Hey guys anybody try this and make the concrete color white?
Very entertaining even if I never get around to doing this!
Good energy! Great work! Awesome project! You've earned a sub.
Great video man, foam glass cleaner huh,, how have I never known about that,
Cool and fanny! Great video and good job! Thank you :)
awesome mate some really nice food for thought :) i think i would fix the top with some L brackets plugs and screws though just to be sure :) kudos man 🤙
The John Travolta strut while pushing the cart killed me😂😂😂
Man let me tell you. This is by far one of the best DIY videos I’ve seen on YT. Outstanding! Saving this one for a future project for sure
Did he just rip that nail out with his teeth?  Thats my kind of man! this guys freakin awesome!!😣😯🤔👀🧐😃🤑😎
Awsome video keep at it
Funny, enjoyable. I like the use of the mortar mix over doing gypcrete or the newer foam style crap. I'll do it in panels this way for my outdoor kitchen bar.
👍👍👍👍👍 one of the greatest videos I've seen for this I got to see the truth number one man I tip my hat to you...👍
I laughed hard when I saw the marble veining things.
Well done! Find amazing for a first video or any video. I’m using this idea at my cabin.
Best video I’ve ever seen on concrete counter tops! Awesome job!
This project is awesome,  love the design on top and the live edge.  You made it look easy with your fun personality.  First video?   Your channel will explode.  Thank you for the fun idea for my kitchen counter top.
Subscribed in the first minute!!!!  Love this guy.
Awesome job!!! Looks amazing!!
You made a heart shape!!!😂 I won't tell anybody.🙊 Good video.👍
So if I wanted to put words on the table with the dust stuff, would it come out backwards like a mirror?
Awesome man. Another idea for table legs I have tried is 4x4s connected with Black steel gas piping. And connectors.
Can you color the mix and what would you use
FFWD to around 7:00 You’re welcome.
I have a new favorite YT channel! Awesome video Michael
How do you make a concert bowl?
Nice!! Can you glaze over that? And also how would I mold my existing tops?
Just bought my 1st house a week ago. I'm gonna get divorced soon because I'm like the CoCo Puffs bird bouncing off everything with ideas that I want to do myself. YOU gave me the inspiration to add another one, Sir! Thank You!!
Congrats on 2 million views and passing the 100k mark! We need need more videos from you.
Hard to believe it is your first video. Keep it up
Great video I have been toying with this idea for.......well years.   I want to put a gas grill in the center what do you think?
what type of grout? i hear dry salted but at the store the only have sanded or non-sanded grout, i want to do this please help, and what size is the counter top before chipping the edges off? thank you. you are my first video that inspire me to actually try the project
Tried the flow control for the first time because of this video! Pretty impressed with the results!
Very cool. I'd love to make a outdoor patio counter top this way
Video is hilarious and fun to watch, too bad I think the table is totally ugly LOL!
Beautiful, easy and you're enjoyable to watch. Keep up the good work!
Dang!! Great informative useful video.
Beautiful, good video
Too much talking, doesnt worth
i hate the loud music and u sounds like a guy. rest of the shit is awsom
Amazing job you didn’t forget to mention anything that’s awesome
Haha what is Facebook
Wonderful video, salute to you, bro !!
I like the dead edge look better and what if your counter goes east and west?
awesome brother.. great style...thank you
That is a great idea!!!
So the tile grout doesn't scatter as u pour? What keeps it in place
Very cool
Dude!  Awesome video!  Thank you!
Awesome Video ..... Great Attitude 👊 ..... When I Saw You Snatch The Nail Out Of The Board With Your Teeth , I Knew Then That I Had To Subscribe To Your Channel 😁😂😁 ..... Keep The Creative Videos Coming 🔥
How to make a concrete countertop in 1 hour.... but the frame needs 24 hours to cure......
Gonna make a big garden table after watching this... wonder if its possible to make a pair of benches the same way.... hmmmmmmm
Man that music hurt my face
Ha ! You’re adorable and awesomely hilarious ! I usually fast forward through videos but I watched yours all the way through bc you made yours funny and interesting !
Good information, shitty table. Keep them coming.
Less theatrics
What is the length and width of this top???
I may have not watched a 100 concrete counter top vids but this is the best damn diy vid I've seen. And your 1st vid?  Great job on the b-roll and camera angles. Plus very helpful 👍👍
Great Video!! Subscribed, can't wait to see what you do next!
I can't understand what ''sand'' you use for the design. Can you help me ?
Honestly the best concrete countertop video I’ve seen!  I’m planning an outdoor bbq kitchen / tiki bar. Been looking for ideas. You delivery and video editing is awesome!  👍😁😉. Just curious, I’ve seen some concrete counters with plexiglass inserts for LED lights. Can this be done with your process ?  Thanks again for sharing. Wicked awesome video!  ✌️👍😁
Entertaining and informative, easy to watch and understand.  I can't believe it's your first video! Thanks
Michael, I like the character of presentation.
Brilliant! Absolutely loved it. Keep them coming!
You did an amazing job Michael!  I learned more in this one video than I've learned in hours of other "how to" video's.  I'm excited to make a custom top for my daughter as a wedding gift!  I can't get over how fast it can be done and the live edge just blows me away...  Thanks so much!
well done! and GO TIGERS!
Can this be tinted with a color?  I want black countertops. I know Quikrete makes concrete tint.
Great video!
Great first video.  I subscribed too.  Question:  Can a mold be used more than once.  I want to do this in my kitchen and I have two countertops the same size.
Perfect !!!
Great job on your shooting skills. Enjoyed your video! :)
Great video and nice job. Very Inspiring.  Could you put some tile in form, or flat rock instead of grout if you wanted, or might that weaken it or the concrete not adhere to it well enough near top surface?
Great work!  I’m trying to locate that compass stencil...any advice
Nice video brother !
excellent from UK thoroughly enjoyed watching
Have you tried making a cement fire pit??
Great video, especially for a first.  Music volume, and can I say "choices" were a little weird but that's subjective. I'm sure the LBGTQ+ community would love them. That said, I'd be confident enough to try making my own concrete countertop following your instructions.
its nice ill like to see more
Darn cute!! ❤🤘
Man, I need 3 or 4 really cool out door dog gates and I want something unique and cool and easy for humans to open and close and also private so the dogs don’t bark every time the see another person or animal. Are you up for the job? Maybe you could then sell them and make some serious money. You should come to peoples home to help solve problems....I will be happy to volunteer.
Get out of Town. Great video.
Great video. I just tried out a similar project, a 60"x30"x1.25" slab. I'm a photographer and I'm always looking to make new surfaces to use for shooting on, so I thought a concrete counter/slab would be fun to experiment with. I used black tinting on mine to give it a deeper grey color. The one thing I did not do the same as you (but will next time) is use the flow control. The mortar bag says to use 3-3.75 qts water per bag for highway use (extra hi-strength) and UP TO 5 quarts for less critical stuff. I started with 4 quarts, but it was clear I'd need all 5 qts (as I see you did upon re-watching). It was the exact same consistency, THICK and smooth. It troweled awesome, but I had to work fast to get the other bags mixed and into the form before the prior one set too much. Since my mix was thicker ( no flow control!) it would NOT let any bubbles come to the surface, it just sat there like Jabba the Hutt.  Frankly I didn't try too hard to get air out. Anyway, I troweled the top (soon to be "underside") smooth, didn't even screed it, as it was setting up stiff. Then sprinkled on some light grey grout powder (thanks for the idea) like powdered sugar on a cookie, and troweled it into the surface to give it some tone variation.  I was quite surprised at how HOT it got! Not sure if you mentioned that in your video. It was like black asphalt on a sunny summer day.  I did use rebar in mine since I'll be lifting it and moving it around instead of permanently fixing it to a base, just wanted to be sure it doesn't split later.  When I popped it out of the form, there were a fair amount of tiny air bubble pockets present; it kind of looks like travertine marble, the unfilled side, except grey. BUT I actually like the texture. If it was a kitchen counter, it would be a FAIL, but for my purposes, I now have a 2 sided slab, that looks different each view.  I may use floor wax on it tomorrow after it dries out more to give it some stain resistance, or maybe a silicone sealer, not sure. I'll definitely be using this product more. Thanks again for turning me on to it!!
Dude... absolutely fantastic stuff. Can not wait to get to the Depot and give it a try. Thanks for your hard work!
Michael couldn’t build a good case of haemorrhoids
Awesome video !!!!!
***QUESTION****  Forgive me if this is a stupid question; however, is it feasible (or even practical) to use this same technique as an outdoor kitchen cabinet wall? If so, ideas are flowing...
Can you use rapid set for larger projects ?
video was to long. but i did learn and i think your talented. just talk less.
Great video so simple a cave man can do it!  looking forward to more, great job
I want to make a concrete  coffee bar in my house any recommendations for a design
Great idea! Great presentation!! Thanks for the tips.
At 5:00 you demonstrate a very dangerous way to cut a sheet of material into two pieces.  The sheet will sag between the saw horses,  jamming the blade and perhaps cause a kickback...
Great job! Thank you!
the video is great!!! I'll do some kitchen counters
Screw you for being awesome. You have a new subby.
I would worry about the grout chipping loose when I cleaned the counter top.  What kind of clear coat/sealer would you recommend if this was being done as a kitchen counter?
What? this was your first video? thats crazy. It has the quality , editing and checks all the boxes of a experienced youtuber. great job Michael. im 100% going to be doing this for my outside bar countertop.
Oh no! First time ever to saw like this, without any reinforcement..
Great video! Can I apply an acid stain right after setting of the concrete?
Great video ! I have really  been wanting to redo my cabinets. Mine are like a horse shoe, about 8' by 12'. What would you recommend for the sink cutout, joining the sections, and applying a sealer/finish? About the sound, not a problem, my machine has a volume control.
Awesome first video!  I can't believe how strong that concrete is.
Well made video (first one... WOW) with a cool end product. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Will try it out.
Stop mugging for the camera.  The don't do that on THIS OLD HOUSE...learn from that show.
Better yet..there are no mistakes only design opportunities! Dude great video. You missed nothing. Great editing. Keep up the great work , I’ve been building a long time but never concrete counters. I know how I’m doing it now. Thank you sir !
Mike, Buddy, where’s the next video brotha???
Cant believe this is your first video, very informative, helpful and also fun. Thanks
I wanted to say something really nice, but everyone beat me to it. Also, I've NEVER commented on a video. EVER!  Great job all around man.
I'm a 60 year old Luddite (not really, I taught AlGore about The Internet so he could invent it), your video was/is great and I am yammerin' for more. Thank you and take care.
I never would have dreamed this was your first video! You are a natural in front of the camera, so easy to watch that I subscribed to your channel right away. Great job and I look forward to many more videos from you!
Yes!!! The best in YT happened here...Follow this gentleman and learn !
Very good.. And Funny  🌾💜🌾💜🌾💜🌾
# 1,959,751 viewer
You owe me a new screen.  The hammer didn't even light up the like button.
Knowing how smooth the top is ... I wonder how well it would perform as a shuffle board ??   I could silicone first then sprinkle it with powder.  I’m super tempted to make one just to play shuffleboard.
Knowing how smooth the top is ... I wonder how well it would perform as a shuffle board ??   I could silicone first then sprinkle it with powder.  I’m super tempted to make one just to play shuffleboard.
This question might've been asked, but what were the measurements of the countertop? Awesome video!
More vids dude, more vids!
This guy is the real deal!
Why did you put silicone around and chip them off anyway?
AWESOMENESS 😍 wooooow this makes me want to try and make my own table. Hmmmmmmm, I think I will.  Please keep the videos coming. YOU ROOOCCCKKKKK 😆😊😅
Fucking amazing man. I am legit going to go and make a big ass table this weekend. Of course I find this on Sunday night
My first time subscribing to someone, that says it all. Looking forward to watching more.
Bro this is an awesome video and a great tutorial.
Great video, your a natural.
Absolutely fantastic video!! content, camera work, dialogue, interest and entertainment value... all get max stars. you cemented everything together very well Keep up the great work! looking forward to watching more videos
a chisel or punch may give a more uniformed edge. just saying, great project  and selection of products is very time saving ,thanks
How much do the bags weigh?
Way to go Michael! Enjoyed your video. Impressed by your skills both construction and video. Nicely done.. I know I'm just basically saying the same thing others have said but I figure one more complement can't hurt!  I hope you're having fun making your videos as well as projects
Awesome table 👍
Beautifully executed man! So much content and inspiration in this video. Phenomenal first vid man. Cant wait to see what else you'll do in the future!  I personally would love to see content where you go basic beginner/starter diy vid & then intermediate/experienced cc diy projects, keep all viewers on both ends of the spectrum satisfied. Keep up the good work my man!
So glad I found your channel!  Thank you!! Loved it!!
Should not play background music
ABSOLUTELY GOAT first video!! Great personality and excellent quality of info. INSPIRING
Great video!  So helpful!  Great information!
Great work mate with the plenty of tips for us DIYers. Will be using your tips when I get around to doing this project. Cheers
Your video was a lot of fun and your delivery is easy going and friendly, perfect for any project! Nice job.
6:01
I would never have guessed this was your first video! GREAT job, so helpful and well explained. Can't wait to try it, thanks so much! You will do great on YouTube, all the best for your success!
Do not try this unless you wish to waste your money. His times for job are all wrong, and editing out the mistakes. And really it just will not work like that.
have you tried this project with aircrete?  or messed with that at all.  I like the concrete idea but is sooo heavy...
Kool keep them coming
Love edge looks great.  I like a sawzall with no blade for vibrating my forms.
Nice B role
Skip the first 4 min
Very cool build.
1st video and it is this good , you are in for a ride if you have more ideas and make fun videos like this the sky will be the limit. great job!!!
I'm a DIY'er and am inspired to try my own table tops for some outdoor furniture. Definitely will be using Rapid Set. Thanks Michael!
*Awesome* job. Subbed.
Got my new outdoor BBQ and counter top on the way. Great job and very affordable. THANKS!!  BTW great job on the video considering this is the first one you posted.
I love your videos and I plan to make a concrete table top. My goal is to make a 4‘ x 8‘ table with a 36“ x 24“ cut out to fit a flat top grill along the 8’ side. Do you have any recommendations on how to complete that being as large as it is. Should I make it in three smaller sections or do you think one large table would work?
This was an amazing Video!!!! You did an awesome job!!! I feel like I could do it my self and not mess it up. Thank you!
How brittle is the counter top?? I think i might have bought the wrong stuff
Great Job Buddy! Keep em coming! Perhaps some about in counter (one piece) sinks, drains, natural flow water spouts!? And of course different colors/textures! Keep on Keeping on!!!
oops not level
That is an incredible top!!! I wish i had seen your video before i had put my out door bar together. I was very happy with my project but your technique with the grout makes the surface pop!  Beautiful! Thanks for sharing.
What was the approximate cost for that size countertop?
Whaaaat? Your first video? Loved it! Thank you :-)
Great video. You have a natural talent in front of the camera, and in creating.
First video ive seen... Im subscribing not only for your talent, but your awesome personality!!!!!
I'm so impressed!!!  Love this!!
Take it to the next level and make it safe by adding some chicken wire as steel reinforcing.
Wow, great video!! I have 4 bags of Quickcrete in the back of my truck but am going to change my entire approach after watching this... Thanks!
YOU ACT LIKE YOUR IN THE Ist GRADE TRYING TO PLAY MR ROGERS WANNABE BOB ROSS. YOU ARE TOO FUNNY.
Oh my gosh I love this so much… So funny so creative I wanted to see your cousin Face...when you delivered this beautiful table!!
First video? You got what it takes to have an awesome youtube channel... What what am I talking about? You already have a great channel. Keep up the great work.
Interesting and cute video. I love concrete...but I use concrete as concrete. My island concrete counter dimensions is 15' x 5' x 5.5" . Yes 5.5" thick with #3 rebar and that dimension. I use it as an eating table and kitchen counter. It doesn't mimic any other material except concrete. It's massive in weight and looks terriffic. I like the spartan look but I accentuate. Yes I built the island myself open at bottom to store items and no it's not a mess, beautiful baskets. The counter support is heavily reinforced along with my floor.  It looks great and every person who sees it wants one but it's custom and a lot of work all done myself...cheers. :)
I watched the whole thing with no sound, no disrespect, thought it was a very well done Vid.
Mold making & adding color
Wow! Very impressed with what I just saw!
You're a natural.
How heavy are the slabs? We are buying our first house and after watching your videos I started to think that I can replace the counters myself.
This was awesome!
This was so awesome...i am so inspired by you!! Thank you so much for this...
Brilliant!  Keep them coming
Not sure about using Rapid Set concrete since it has nowhere near the structural qualities of normal concrete mix.
you didn't even foam core it.
First video! Double major in Industrial Arts and Video Production? Dang! Professional.
well done sir!
Awesome video! 👍👍👍
gay. the music added to the gayness and him always saying guys made me cringe. lame
Woa, bro - that's awesome!  Sound adjust aside, the project and choreography are amazing.  Don't believe for a minute it's your first video but call me incredulous.  I'd like to see how you throw together a sliding barn door.
Yes, advanced mold making would be great! Want to see more.
Loved watching this! Great instruction. Don't know why any thumbs down on this.
Lovely video.  Love from India 😘
Hey Michael, great video!  I really want to make one of these.  One question, could I use MDF instead of melamine?  Or would the moisture be too much for the MDF?  Not sure where to find melamine...  Thanks and keep the videos coming!!
I was going to comment on the volume of the music but then I read your Pinned comment.  If this is your first video man have you got what it takes to do this well.  Nothing but respect for an outstanding effort.
Awesome!
Great video, if you brush your end cuts, of the stand, with a solution of vinager and steel wool, the wood will grey to match the aged surfaces.
Hi Michael Really great Video,  amazed at the strength of the counter top after just one hour, with it being constructed from Mortar rather than concrete, the finish is great too. Would you still use Mortar not reinforced for a larger top? Best Wishes Paul
More stuff with pallets, please!!!!
As soon as I saw the pile of pallets, I subscribed, my brother from another mother!!!!!!!!!!
Nice work Lad
Great Video, Can U Reuse The Form you Made????
AWESOME tutorial!  Thank you for sharing!  I am surprised that you don;t need to add the wire for the structural integrity of the top.  Is that more because of the smaller size?  I'm thinking of doing an 12-14" x 8' for a bench top with 4x4 wood legs.  With it being longer, would I need to do the wire in it, or will it be fine without the internal wire?
How has no one pointed out that this is cement, not concrete. Concrete has aggregate such as gravel. Mortar mix (cement mix) is generally not used in flat work as far as I know. I have no idea of how this will hold up.
Watched again and will do again 😀
For the kitchen  sink do you cut out after and what do you use to cut the material or do you form the sink hole before pouring
WOW !!! Your first video??? NO WAY!!! You did an amazing job!! And most of all you gave me a great idea to make my kitchen bar table and its so easy that even as a woman im more then courageous to try that - Thank you very much!!
Very well done.  Informative and entertaining.  Look forward to more.  I hope to use this on a future project.
is it food safe?
If I let my wife see this video I am completely screwed.  She thinks concrete counter tops are difficult to make.  Wonder where she heard that?  Thanks for the tutorial.  I will save this one as a "get out of jail free" card.
Dam that's deadly. Nicely done
Awesome video man,  and your attitude and your humor absolutely fantastic thanks
Nice video. What would you use to hold the tile grout in place for a more extensive design? I expect some movement while pouring, I have a more intricate design that I'd like to do, but it'd be too much to use glue or adhesive under the grout, any ideas? Something other than grout?
Just like a lot of the others I too am amazed that this is your first video.  Great job and I look forward to creating my own counter top in a couple of weeks using this technique.
Awesome video your a funny guy. Hope to see more videos.👍
I’m assuming this top measures 2x4? At 1.5 inches each bag covers 4 square feet, correct?
Put another back to it and you have a bench
Thinking about using this technique to make a table for in my garden ... so it'll be standing outside all year long ... (won't be working with wood underneath). Is there a way to impregnate the concrete ... to make it last longer?
GREAT JOB!!! the icing on the cake was the reference to The Man...The Myth...The Legend... "BOB ROSS!!!!"
I wouldn't have guessed that this was your first video.  You did a great job explaining each step and keeping it simple.  Looking forward to more instructional videos!
Good work,  don't get a offended. A little to much talking. But I subscribed.
This is awesome!!! I think I'm actually going to try this. Do you think if you drill metal legs directly into the concrete that it will compromise the integrity? I need a small but very strong table.
just please don't use ANY music. It's not necessary. If someone needs a soundtrack, they can play it on another device while watching the video... but thank you for the vids, but please please please no music at all!!!
Not everybody does/has Facebook! I don’t do face book, never have....
Live edge is a shins worst nightmare. Godawful music. Could do without the antics as well.
Nice one fella......very cool table!
Very cool!
Outstanding!! you should have your own home show!!!
Please TURN the music down...I had to strain to hear what you said...Do voice overs if you going to keep the music...love the project.
U R doin just great mate, cheers...
I just finished my entire kitchen with this as a model.  I poured a 23"x68" bar top with no reinforcement.  No breaks, no cracks, no shrinking.  My wife is so freakin happy with it!  Will be using Baer wet look sealer to finish them tomorrow.
Nice video man
Very entertaining and educational.  Keep it up.
really liked how this project turned out
Wouldn't it be better -- to avoid stress that could cause cracking during curing -- to 'pond' the top (basically leaving it submerged in water) for 28 days?....  Also, this is a perfect candidate for acid-staining with metal salts (iron sulfate and copper chloride are nice!).
It's a great first video Michael, wish you all the best!
Great job.
Awesome
No my friend..thank you!!!!! God bless you
Fantastic!!  Did you seal the top surface with anything like a spray grout sealer?
Subscribed! Keep it up.
This is your first video???!!!!  What???   you did an amazing job.  Your project was awesome to by the way.
Hi michael ive been in tv for twenty years and in blown away at the quality and innovation of your story telling. Id hire you if this was the only clip on your reel! Anyway i want to make faux slate for a patio around a fire pit. Any suggestions?
With all the water is this a one time use mold?   Melamine  isn’t  very water friendly would be awesome to be able to seal the edges and reuse it
Can you do more outdoor furniture vids. Like chairs, benches, coffee table or how to build an outdoor kitchen
Skip to t= 2:00
Nice...
Also, the mixture gets really hot!
I apologize for asking a question that may already be addressed, with this material, how would you color it. I have seen guidelines for pigment in concrete, any thoughts on potential materials and mixes for this? I may just have to pour some test panels
I was shocked when you said it was your fist video! Fantastic job!!!
Fantastic job. I made one like a year ago and put black pigment dye with the mix. Thank you 🙏
I honestly thought you were a pro at making videos. Good job.
I was making a table for my weber grill, going this way with a whole in it for the weber.
Thanks for a great video. New subscriber.
My only complaint was the music volume, and I see you’ve already addressed that. I’ll just say that I loved this project—it came out looking awesome and actually seems like something I could accomplish. I still can’t believe this was your first video!!
You take too long to get to the point
good job on making your first video, I learned a lot - and especially liked sprinkling the tile grout through the stencil to make a nice design and shout out to Bob Ross
This is great! Looking to build a table or counter for my patio. This is perfect. Tired of spending hundreds of $ on outdoor furniture that is crap...
That is badass!    Hmmmm.   I’ve never worked with concrete. But that makes me want to try!!    I would love to add some metal legs to that!   Nice job on the video editing as well.   Top notch!!
Liked the vid, great looking table!
This is one of the best produced and informative home DIY videos I've seen. You don't our waste time with uh's, oh's and useless information and you stay on the point simple instructions.  This is a project I'd consider trying for my first concrete build. Thanks for giving me new ideas.
You got me hooked bro! Awesome video!!!
You freaking rocked!
I loved your video,learn so much,hugs from Puerto Rico. 😘😘😘😘
First off the video is great!. I am considering this method for a project I am working on but I do have a few questions I would like to ask you. I am going to be casting two 36"x 36" slabs to be used on either side of a grill stand. Since this will be outdoors and exposed to heat and cold should a put metal mesh in to add strength? I would like to color my casts, do you recommend pigment or staining?
I thought you might put in some steel mesh say 4mm to take up any stress.
This was awesome I did everything by the book but when i jumped on the counter the buckets collapsed
You sir, are a natural in front of the camera. Your tutorial was spot on and you didn't overload us with irrelevant information (the caveat on the screws was helpful, and appreciated), and I found you very entertaining and easy to connect with. Keep rocking these videos, and the video production  will sort out. Thanks, man!
Love it but not the live edge
You seriously crack me up!! Great presentation! I usually check out a few videos before I hit the subscribe button on a channel. You got me at the first one!!!
This is so good!! Thank you for this video!!
Awesome video!  You did a great job!! can't believe it was your first one.
Awesome job!  Then end product was creative, cool, stylish, and functional for what I consider the easiest diy option of the three you explained.  Great job on communicating the dos and don'ts along w/ explanation of why!  Keep making cool stuff and I'll keep checking in!   I am loaded with my own projects trying to fix up some things at my mother's home before they become irreparable!  (ie scraping, painting and sealing up the soffits on all sides of the house; doing the same to the framework around all the windows and doors; reglaze all the single pane windows; installing new outlets w/ a ground connection; replace the flooring inside one of her storage sheds; adding a wall to surround 3 sides of her laundry room (where now hangs a shower curtain); tear down and rebuilding a raised garden for her tomatoes and onions!; and though none of this is "creative,' I was also thinking of pouring a patio of concrete with stepping stones for her to lounge in her back yard on her swing and cook for her on the  barbeque under the shade tree (like a 10 by 10 size) on top of everything else!)  Would love to have some pointers and creative ideas for a  patio!?!  Keep up the good work Michael!!!     ;D
Great project and use of motar  for top design was out of this world. I hated the girly techno music though, really hated it, skipped all the way through. Really great project, keep video centered on the project, music, special shots and flash is not what gets me to watch , substance is, the substance part was great.
Your tutorial video would have been easier to follow sans the Music
Love this!
I assume you used to live in Detroit?
"make a countertop in one hour" "use silicone and let it cure for 24 hours" umm...  It's a cool video, but misleading.
I liked, saved and will be sharing your post. I also subscribed. Your video posts was clear, clean and to the point. (The best part is that I learned absolutely nothing about your personal life! LOL) But you missed a few biggies. Inverted drywall buckets (aka; those cute depot fashion bags) lack the required buoyancy to float on lawns. The evidence is that you could strike off one end of your frame and not the other. Leveling beforehand is not a guarantee of an end product with uniform thickness. Perfect for your in-law's den, but would not pass a woman's scruitany the first time dirty dishwasher ran down the front of her cabinets. But I think you saw it coming. Next time, maybe throw a couple of those pallet slats down first to keep your buckets from sinking? Or, ditch the buckets and put your mold on one of your better pallets that will remain leveled.    My next concern regards the rustic embellishments, but this may be another female thing. If your buddy has kids, he may not like digging macaroni and cheese out of the battlefield stencil. I'd make a suggestion on a fix but I'm not sure what would work to solve the problem without compromising the design. Can the cavities be filled with epoxy and sanded or would it yellow? Could the coloring be applied wet? Or, perhaps you could treat the powder areas as a sort of reverse stencil, blow out some of the remaining powder with a compressor or canned air, fill the gaps with the same or a secondary color mixed with tile cement (not grout). Maybe mix the tile cement with that sealer grout additive that is mold resistant.    But this is the game changer: I'm sure your gift will be well received. It looks great! But working with cement can expose the handler and any children or animals standing by to severe health risks, even when the work is done in a well ventilated area. Not only is cement a concentrated alkaloid, but CEMENT LOVES TO CLING TO ANYTHING MOIST. It especially likes the moist lining of our lungs. It has been known to coat the inside of both lungs with one breath. This might be the fastest way of making a permanent cast of you pulmonary cavity but it could make for a long clean-up time. LOL
Contrary to some critics, any cinematographic errors are less important than the enthusiasm and technical simplicity (DIY friendly) method you share.  Very useful project and quite easily adaptable to most DIY environments that I can think of.  Thanks!!  (Oh, and thanks to "The Orange Depot"  LOL).
You sir are talented. Great video.
This is the first concrete counter top video I have ever watched lol.
Congrats on the channel success. I just found you today. Another new subscriber.
absolutely awesome! I am going to do this for my grilling station!
What size was your form; how did you know to do that size and it'd take two bags exactly?  Thanks!
Nice job!
Great video great project. You gave me confidence.
Good video Michael.  You have good presence on camera, and it was very interesting.
Wow just found this and it is awesome!
Love the Old English D Bucket!!! Great Video
I think the counter looks great, but the music is super annoying!
Awesome videos, can't wait to try making some of the very cool counter tops
Looks great,  only thing I didn’t like is when you chipped the edges.  Would  look better if  you added some clear coat over to give it a shine.
just subbed, straight to it no bull, i like your style.
The video is ok but the table is terrible lmao
Awesome video very well done. I'm greatly impressed with your creativity and I'm inspired. I love the table. I once created a pallet table but this one is even way cooler. I will share this  with my friends I made it for.
fantastic, l learn one more thing. Thanks
Fuck ya b other man it up a bit and hit the pedal
dude..... kill the flipping music! hard to hear anything you are saying.
OH MY GOSH.. You are AWESOME.. I cannot seem to share you enough with others. TY
I wish people wouldn't put loud music in their videos
That gave me a really good idea for an outside kitchen.  I think I'll try that.
If Call of Duty and Fixer Upper had a baby, it'd be Michael Builds
Hi Michale,    Can you make a video on how to make a concrete fire pit top? you show one at the end of this video. Thanks,
Can the forms be used multiple times?  I would think they could.  I am about to make 3 tops decreasing in size - 2'x6', 1'6"x6', and 1'x6'.  I was thinking of building the big one and then ripping the form down 6" and installing a new side form for each of the next 2 tops.
If you woulda sanded that wood down and stained it... that would be like. 800$ table good shit bro
Great vid. Thanks!!
Can you add colorant to this mortar mix?
Informative AND entertaining! Subscribed...
Awesome job  Great looking coffee table
How do we make a resin countertop?
AWESOME FIRST VIDEO 🔥🔥🔥🔥
What about coloring the morter
Cracking vid keep them coming
Nice work Michael!
This guy is super cringe
So, did he have to rearrange his living room so the table would face the right directions?
Do you ever sand or polish the countertop?  If so using what?
Home Depot ✔️, Chevrolet truck ✔️, Jurassic Park ✔️, Milwaukee power tools ✔️, Reusing pallets for cool design ✔️, Cool season fescue ✔️, Bob Ross reference = priceless
Amazing.
whats the window cleaner you use?
Amazing video!! Thanks!
Very nice video!
Awesome job! Very helpful video, looking forward to trying this myself.  Love the Tiger's bucket by the way.
Really great job and video Michael. You have given me the inspiration and solution for a project I have been cooking for ages. I was surprised that your NSWE  COMPASS didnt wash away when you poured the mix!! Thanks Tom from England.
It's not concert it's a mortar counter top.
Over fuckin did it. Get TO THE FUCKING POINT!!!!
Not even 6 mo's later, over 100k subs. I'd say, people like watching you make stuff!
Nice
I can't wait to try this thank you for the video
I'll sum up what everyone else has already said...amazing job for your first video!! I know you have a few others, which I have watched...just good stuff!! Please make more!!!
Or just buy a fiber concrete panel...
Really good ....xxx
How long can you make this before you have trouble with breaking? How hard would it be to join multiple panels for a long counter top?
sweet video dude
It worth damaging my ears ...super cool and you said u used mortar set to do de compass design?? Will be possible add some colors?? Again u inspired me thks..
more more more please, one day I will make this
Would never have guessed it was your first video — excellent quality, great presentation, and awesome project!
Awesome video  You killed it
Did the tile grout have to be mixed? Or just the powder without the water?
Im doing a 8×12 do you think it will crack
Incredible stuff and great presentation.  I've been looking for something to add a creative edge for some of my residential construction clients and this is it.  Thankyou for the technique and inspiration.  You Rock!!
I have read through several comments.  But haven’t seen any e ask what the costs in martial was?  (Just for the table top) I am curious. Thanks.
That was your first video!? I'm not sure I believe you, it was just done to well to be your first.
Holy crap you only have 5 videos? This is gold, I was shocked to hear you say this was your first. You're right I watch a ton of concrete-countertop vids, and was skeptical of your approach at first, but the result speaks for itself: perfection. Pardon me while I watch all your other vids.
This was an awesome video, thank you for sharing! I loved how you broke down what products you used and why you chose them, as well as how you used them. I’ll be trying this out tomorrow!
Gonna give it a go! what can go wrong, right!  Thanks, loved it.
Nice build and great vid.  Enjoyed it.  Gonna use your technique to build my wife a nice outside table.  She'll be happy happy and I'll be lucky lucky.  Cement all, who would have thought.  I've used it for many on the job applications, but who would have thought to use it for a coffee table...love it.
Awesome! Showing this to my husband!
Nice job bro... on the vid and project.  Both turned out excellently.
great video. informative and funny
Awesome project, very entertaining video & editing.  I will try a DYI like this soon...thanks!
Could you use colored sand for the design and it stay?
Awesome video!!! I’m going to put this project on the short list!!
Great content
Super awesome video I love you guy
Nicely done
I found two brand new of these spray guns nice video album remodeling my new place and alot of painting on walls
For a first video,this is really cool stuff...
IDK, if you really walk like that off camera, in public, hmm
Good video, but a bit long. I'd prefer a Cliff's Notes version. Why did you caulk the corners for a round edge, then chip them away?
What about for a sink knock out? Do you need to reinforce the mix?
Very glad I saw this video it just gave me a great idea not to mention this guy is extremely funny and very skillful
Looks real dam good too :).
You are best
That solid within an hour?! I don't think I have that magic powder in Norway.
This is amazing!  I love your craftsmanship.  SUBSCRIBED!  Now,  will you add an alert button so that whenever you upload another video, I'll know all about it???   😀  I'm gonna love your channel!
Your DIY skill are cool... But your video skills are crazy good!
Cool table that music sucks
Instant fan!! Great information with humor, best way to keep it entertaining and keep your viewer interested. I see some cool projects in my future.
That's down right awesome! A couple of ideas I have: Rustoleum Stoneffects has a final coat that could go on that if one wanted a glassy smooth finish. For a long countertop, one could calculate the finish weight and make sections in sizes that he/she could handle.   I have to record this idea because it may be the best for my kitchen counters.
Great camera work and super cool project.  Subscribed.
You gotta love palwood.....the longer its stacked in the back the better it looks when you use it up the front. Nice live egde too. 🤣😂😁😀😎
Dude your great and seem to know what ur doing but tone  it down a bit
Would it be possible to wash the grout out and use epoxy to fill it?
Looks great 👍🏻! I’ll try to make  one for my fire pit
i liked the project idea   then i saw the autobot logo in the back ... then i knew i found my people   great video ... wait whats this in the next video... a counter top with a decepticon logo.....     hmmmm?
Wow your attitude  and the way you  did  it you like an old pro wow AWSOME
This is the type of video that I wish every DIY video on YouTube was! Awesome job overall and got ya a sub who thanks you for the idea for my new PC Desk that I have been thinking of ways to build it that were custom and different from what you always see. This just threw the Solid Core Door idea out the window!
very nice video please ... drop down your background music you are good
Great job.. new subscriber 😀
Informative AND entertaining video.  I cant believe this is your first one!!!!
Most say good video and thanks to you to share with us your knowledge
You should be in movie making business. Excellent video. Thanks. Subscribed.
really awesome video.  I like how you have an outline to make a guitar hanging in your shop.
💛  Bob Ross.   🎨🖌
Awesome video and explenation, I did poured in place and your method is much user friendly, especially for DIYers!
Very well done! Good job!
Nice video !!  When you poor the concrete in the mold ..how does your design (in mortar) doesnt move..or gets all mess up..???🤔🤔🤔🤔
Very nice...
Are you by any chance related to Bobby Duke Arts?
Amazing video ! Thanks to make concrete work that easy !
First time I watched this video. This guy made this video interesting. Yes. Held my attention all the way through. Loved it. Thanks.
Great video! How do you keep the powdered tile grout in your designs from shifting as the mortar is poured in? Seems like the force of the flowing concrete will shift the powder in the direction of the flow and cause your compass rose to go from a cicle to an ellipse...   Oh, and that Flow Control is wizardry! Adding a powder to a thick base to thin it out...Whaaaat?!? Chemistry in action...
Michael Builds   You've got the music covered, so lets see some more. New subscriber, impress me more than you already have. You solved my small, strong durable table issue. Small engine shop. What do you recommend for sealer. Thanks, great video...!!!
Excellent job - especially for your 1st video. Great work!
Loved the simplicity. So many want to complicate things, with intent of promoting outside business profits. Nice that see straight forward, with simple instructions. Same kind of things I try to do in instructing about electrical work. Nothing is hard in life when we know how & have an instructor who actually teaches rather than continually showing those learning that they are smarter. Thank you!
Can you connect multiple slabs together?  To make a longer top could you create grout joints to add additional slabs?
This dude is Bad to the Bone skill set level is wooooweee out there!
Very first video? You've got to be kidding! You were born to do this! Press on! Persistence alone is invincible!
Excellent does not cover your video-producing skills. I've not seen a flare for this before in my YouTube viewing experience. Also, I was the guy at Buckeye Steel Castings in Columbus, Ohio who made the molds from two-part epoxy plastics. I would like to have had you as my Master for the jobs I did. Your incite and your tips and advice are worth untold savings in hours and frustration. When we were all laid off, the Super came and told me face-to-face that I had saved the company a lot of money and, believe me, he did not say that to the other journeymen who had fought him every step of the way!  Well done, man! I've given you all the support I can....and you deserve it! John J Webb.
I dont see how 1.4k do not like this video. That is such a simple project for DIY'r like me.
I used Michael’s method to build a countertop. Like he said, I looked at numerous methods on YouTube. I found his the best. Unfortunate, after watching multitudes of videos, I only used 2.5 quarts of water in my mix instead of the 5 quarts he clearly said. Too many recipes in my head! Quickly realized something was wrong after the first pour of four. Added more water on my remaining pours. Although the first pour caused some voids, I made lemonade out of a lemon. Wish I could post a picture. However, listen to Michael, your project will do well. Thanks Michael.
Awesome 👍 chemtrail sky @ 8:28
Loved your video ,looks easy enough
Great !! Would it be possible to have resine on the top by pulling the resine at first? Why to have some brillant
Hey what you use to make the design in it that bad ass waten for more
Nice editing good sound, great content, well done Michael. From a retired cameraman / editor here in England.
Nice going Man  I think I am going to make my house numbers  for the yard that way.
Thanks for an excellent video. Really enjoyed it and very informative. Im going to be sharing this out! Nice to see a way to reuse pallets and at the same time make something useful and cool. Good luck with your future videos. Don't worry about the volume, could still hear it, and as you say it's learning as you go.
Michael you're hilarious lol, I like your video, great job, and info, am trying to learn how to do things on my own to save money from contractors that they wanna take every penny we have lol.... keep it up 😀😊
AWESOME!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH for this video. NOTE: This is NOT exclusively available at home depot. As of this comment here in SoCal it is also available at Ganahl Lumber locations.
OMG! I love love love this!! I am tucking this info away until I need it. Thank you so much! That is very awesome. I also have this wonderful old coffee table that has a horrible top on it and I'm thinking this method would make a cool top to replace the other top. Also, I want to one day build my house and use this method for my counter tops. I am totally blown away and amazed! Thank you so much!
Awesome job.. I am going to try my own table top.. Thank you from Texas..
This video is  the best one on youtube. Thank you. Can you make a video on how to cut a hole for a kitchen sink?
Dude this was great and now i'm gonna do this. Thanks man
Hi from Australia Your a pretty cool presenter loved the concrete top ive subscribed now show me some more cool shit hahaha
I used drill at high speed...and it got so hard so fast that I have mixer stuck in there...So low speed and not very fast or powerful drill?  Seems like a cordless I have won't have power to mix the all bag...may have to make it in smaller batches...Thanks for the video...
Fooled me
Got me
What kind of silicone is that? Haven't seen black before. Do you have a brand? I assume at Home Depot :)
Great video dude.  You are a natural.  Can I make like a 60" by 30" like this, or would it be too heavy for the base.  How much does it weight ?
Sorry, but I have to pick a nit. This table is mortar not concrete. You need aggregates in your mortar to make concrete.
Dude!!!... That is so Badass!!!... I'm gonna make one for my patio... Thank you for this awesome vid !!!
Im a complete noob when it comes to anythibg concrete but is there a specific reason for using rapid sets mortar mix instead of their concrete mix? Thanks for the awesome video :)
Great video . Awesome ideas. Thanks
What a cool project!  How did you keep the concrete from disturbing the tile grout stencil when you poured it in?  Did you take a squirt bottle and wet it?  Really near project!
THE VIDEO WON'T DOWNLOAD. :(
funny made these in saginaw tx fire bowls to
Liked and subscribed. Now I have to give this a shot for some outdoor tables
Thank you Michael, you are God send.
I was considering doing something like this for a custom island countertop.  Do you think this concrete would be fine with a 1 foot overhang?
Must be some super concrete if it doesn't break by not using any wire mesh or something like that,👍
awesome
Is the unit Smooth and carry a shine or is it rough texture with a normal touch of chalky like feels on the concrete?
Good video
Great , I'll be watching 😜
I didn't intend to watch the full vid but your narration and ideas kept my interest ! There was no wasted space that wasted my time, and that's important because I have places to go, things to do, people to see, things to eat....
ehhhhhhhhhh   i seen better
Good Idea... Creative
inspiring video, in so many ways.
After you sprinkle on the designs, would it be better to spray/ mist the area with water, waiting a few mins to harden, then fill the form. ??
Music is so annoyingly, almost unwatchable.
there is some magic here... keep er goin'
Enjoyed the video. Very nice and helpful.
Sweet video & great project. 👍
Where did you get your hat? ....
Awesome !!!!!!!!!!! :) USA #1
Great job!  Cool industrial look, but why did you go through that trouble of silicone and spray foam if you were planning on doing a live edge anyway?
How would you make a round mold? We need a 24” round table top.
Yes I agree about the music but that aside thank you for the video very informative and great job with the project!
We are building a pizza oven and have been stumped as to how to create a work top... think you have just solved my problem👍 great video from the U.K.
Liked it, just don’t over ham it up, most guys start to eventually get tired of it and tune out after a while... Ps... how do you think the material would hold up as an outdoor fireplace cap... I’ll send a picture if you like... let me know
Great video good job do some about the music in the backgroundRock ‘n’ roll music bro
Excelente! Saludos desde Argentina!
Really great video!!!!   You Rock!  You're a natural.....
Would like it better if there wasn't so much wonky additional silly parts. Good info but the extra slow mo, mister funny guy gets old.
I just finish watching 3 of your videos on how to, and all I can tell you is thank you for the info - making it so ease and making me laugh so much I'll be sending you some pictures in the near future....  Thank you and God Bless...
This video was so cool I shared it with family! So many applications this can be applied to! The way you delivered this was epic! The humor and how you present it was fun to watch!
Subscribed!  Great production!
As there are almost 6000 comments, forgive me if this was already asked. It appears that you were 'easily' able to chip away at the edges with the mason hammer. Therefore, how practical is this for a kitchen where banging into the edge of a counter with a pot or pan is inevitable? Great video BTW.
Wasnt sure what to expect from your vid with in net full of bs DIY  vids. But I actually learned a couple things! The wd40 as a form release n the grout to create veining. I've built a number of concrete, concrete/epoxy tops n as a journeyman Tilesetterof 30+ yrs  I'm pretty knowledgeable. Awesome video! Subscribed!
Awesome video. You’re the first channel I ever subscribed to after watching one video. It just so happened it was your very first one to pop up on my feed.
Way too cool! And, cheap to build!
Sharp and to the point with great energy. Thank you Michael.
Good information,  but as a US Armed Forces Veteran will not shop at Home Depot anymore since they implemented their Vet discrimination policy in 2018.   America, do not support Home Depot and their disrespectful Vet policy.
Great Job on video, you explained it perfectly so that anyone can do this. Cant wait to see your next video.
Great tutorial.  Including all steps and techniques is helpful. Are there any limitations on size to be aware of?  Looking at this for an option on a 4X7 island.  Cheers!
Michael, how did the grout not move when you poured the concrete mix on top?
Not really sure why you got 1.4k down votes. But definitely gonna do this. I’ll record it and post it.
By far one the best videos I’ve seen!! Great job man!!
Was pure genius! I will begin just as soon as I can start buying and collecting the stuff I need to do it!
Does the grout used for the stencil not move during the pour or is there a way to keep from it? Awesome video!!!
Awesome!!! Great job. Great work on the video too!!
Favorite concrete build video.  Thanks!
Great First Video!.....You Got Game :-)
Great!
I also like the doors of the shed behind you. Do you have a video of how to do them?
Wow... Thank you very much for the time and dedication of this video. I admire that not only you are skilled with your hands but editing. I am motorcycle guy trying to start my channel but I don't know how to edit and seems to take a very long time to do. Great video... Entertaining and awesome thanks
Loved the video. One quick question.. how durable would this be (If sealed properly) to use on an outdoor bbq/kitchen that would be exposed to the elements ? Taking in to account that I live in the North East and have frigid, sub-zero days in the winter ??
great video... nice guy.... cool end product!
Enjoyed it.
Great video. I’m impressed. Enjoyed very much.
Who’s first video is this 🔥 good very professional. Killer angles edits and transition late and a natural in-front of the camera
That was amazing.  Thank you...
Wow that was an awesome first video. Loved the compass rose idea! Eventually I want to try this out but I think I'm gonna try it with a glow in the dark or black light receptive sand. Have you ever tried anything incorporating black light sand or even resin? Looking forward to your future videos!
An excellent and easy project to do.
Very nice. But as a mover....I hate you. I hope people are smart and not permanently adhere the top to the base. Especially one that could crumble if the table needs to be carried sideways to make it through a doorway or turned through a winding hallway. It would be better to use quarter size rubber pads on the corners as a buffer between the top and base.
one of the BEST. DIY vids I have seen. Thanks
Brilliant Thank you     You are Awesome    Keep up the great work
First time seeing one of your videos.  You were very informative, entertaining and funny!  I had to subscribe!!!!
Add flexible tube to funnel to pour grout, and pinch to control flow.
This was great - very impressive results.
The live edge was a real nice touch.  I may have missed this, but how do the tile grout not get all messed up when you poured.  The nautical compass didn't look like it moved at all.
If I had a criticism it would be that my back ached when you had to repeatedly crouch down to address the camera.  It would have been less painful if you had set the camera up on a tripod, or set it on a table. Other than that, I would call this video a *major* success.  A million views,  100k subscribers and 5900 comments in less than six months can only be called a smash hit.
This was great! I’m going to use this method when I reno my kitchen next year. This canNOT be your first video. You got swag man.
Wow dude, first video? That's awesome, nearly 2 million views...  That's spectacular!  I think you kinda fucked the thing up, but great presentation.  You should fool around with pigment.
First video! I thought I was watching a pro at it's best. Never thought concrete could give me goosebumps. I consider this an eye opening experience for me with concrete. Just think of the possibilities.
Great Instructional Video. First time? Pretty damn professional. No bullshit, details given, and no stupid jokes. Well??? Seriously, thank you and GREAT JOB MAN!!!
All I can think about is trimming stray hairs from beard...lol. Good video, thx
Nice personable cool video man!!
First of all great video man! So I just recently built on outdoor bar top using all the steps in your video. Here are some things I learned after building mine (since i now know what to do i will rebuild this in the fall) My measurements were 96in long, 30in wide  and 2.25in deep. #1 do not attempt to mix this rapid set mortar mix in hot weather (above 85 degrees) because it will harden almost instantly. I went through 3 bags of mortar/flow control/ home depot buckets before I got so mad I almost gave up. Waited until later in the day (about 65 degrees) and then it mixed just like the video. And yes I used 55lb bags and 5 qts of water just like in the video. #2 get more bags of mortar mix and flow control than you think you need (you can always take them back) I used 4 bags for my measurements and it wasn't quite even with the sides. So I smoothed it out, let it sit and ran back to home depot for more mortar. It was already hardened when I returned so I just mixed the other bag and poured it on top to level it out all the way to the top. BIG MISTAKE! The second layer never bonded properly to the first layer and it just flakes off very easily (probably because it's so thin) #3 when you are making the live edge USE A BOARD UNDERNEATH WHERE YOU ARE HITTING! Some big pieces broke off and I had to glue them back with construction adhesive.  #4 the sanded tile grout works great for the stencil but it will leave the mortar porous in those places so definitely seal the counter top. (Which he has another great video on how to do!) Sorry for the super long comment but I wanted to share what I experienced so it might help others. All in all this video is awesome and yes the cast really does just come right off of the mortar if you do it just like the video shows (I was really worried about that lol)
Any idea if it’s okay to substitute something more food-safe than WD-40, like maybe olive oil?
Awesome project. One tip though. It may have been easier to flip the top over and set your wood base frame on it after adding your adhesive. It wouldn't hurt to have some light pencil lines where the base centers up with the top. That way you are not smearing adhesive across the bottom of the table top.
really good job on that table. looks awesome.
Nice job
What is that tool called you added to your drill called to mix the mortar?
How do you do a countertop that’s longer than 8ft? What I mean to say is how do we join 2 melamine to achieve a seemless countertop? My kitchen countertop is 101 inches long.
Cool man this is a good video. One question would this be able to be sealed for and I am lost for the correct word? edible counter top meaning food grade. These are all the wrong terms?  Can i seal this to eat off it?
good ideas and couple new tricks i learned...i would use country music since this is man work...lol
great job on the vid, damn
Man, there is No Way this is your FIRST Video!!   Were you like mentored by the "Breaking Bad" Camera Director?  Wasn't just great 'content', but phenomenally and creatively 'produced'!  Great job on Both the Table and video!
What a great video. I learned so much in 15 minutes.
Guess you need to put cement in it??? :-)
OMGOD I loved this video!!! So many tips and now I can make my outside table with not problem.  Thanks for sharing !!!  Heather
Wow! Looks fantastic!
needed to see this 5 years ago.
you in Michigan or just a Tiger fan?
Amazing vid, best I’ve seen on the topic by far (and of course I’ve watched many many far too many) with unique tips and tricks.  Phenomenal. Please make more videos!
Just found your channel. Awesome awesome video 👍👍. Thanks
Your first video? Awesome!
First bonus is a dude who keeps his YT, "I promise..."   Two thumbs up for your incredible production value.  A 20 min vid is a doable watch.  Excellent teaching skills and music.   Informative tips and tricks. Added humor that's not  overkill.  I've been builder for 50+ years yet learned some cool things cause you know your shit.
Its a Best man!
Freaking awesome Dude!!!!
I think that was awesome
Awesome video ...
Wonderful work Thank you for sharing question,,  what did you use to make the design?? How did you use it, ?? What do you do when you pour the cement,, So the design do not  mix   to the cement??,, and not disappear?? IHOP understand my spelling I do not write in english,, Thank you again have a wonderful day 👍🏼😁
WOW you do nice work! :-) love the video!
Great job. Can't wait to see your next one ♡
Oh my gosh this video is so awesome.  Best part though?  The Depot montage
Dude I loved your video. I’m subscribed now and hope to be as handy as you one day. Great humor, camera angles, cuts and education.
How come you don’t use the rapid set concrete mix?
Fantastic vid. Let's see some molds. Took a lot of mystique out of the process. Maybe a color dying the concrete ? Thanks again.
Hey Mike getting ready to make a countertop using your technique. How did you figure how much mortar to use? I can figure the square footage but can't find the ratio of bags to use.  Have a great day and enjoy the dry weather for now. dave
great job
What's with the low angle video. It's claustrophobic.
Hands down best how to video on YouTube
Awesome video
Hey man it’s 2019 and you surprised me and kept me on my toes!  Keep up the great attitude! I subscribed!!
Hey great video but I followed exactly and 5 quarts was entirely too much water and the countertop dried up in 5 mins before I could even knock the bubbles out AND the mold would not come off even with oil applied
Loved this , thank you for sharing 🤗
What is the mixture? Great video!
Great info thank you....
great job
How can I get into doing this as my own business???
Great video. Any way you can do one on coloring the concrete. Would like to do a black top.
Holy S? That was your first video? Great production quality and i will be attempting my own design. Great job!
Great job. Never would have known that it was your first video. Keep it up!
Amazing job.  👍👍🍻
Great video. I'm subscribed. Very entertaining and informative. My wife can see that look on my face where she knows I'm about to try something new now.
Hi Michael, you are really good! Thanks, incredible video, I love it!
It's OK I like those videos congrats
first rate! thank you!
Michael love how you present your show, you are informative and have a great sense of Humour which can go far, I hope maybe a TV Company for DIY pick up on your Video's and give you a spot. Thank You for showing these techniques. P.S. Music just a tad lower in next Vid. Great stuff will watch more.
Great job!!!!  This will be my next project!!!!
Strange video editing.  It's like each sentence is its own video
Another DIY piece of junk. Everyone’s a master artist, carpenter, furniture maker, etc..., right?  Dude, learn a craft and build things correctly and with some skill. It’s been 25 years of hard work for me to become a skilled 18th-19th century furniture reproduction craftsman. Kills me to watch these goons make everyone think they can create something valuable. Go ahead trolls... have at me.
Not sure what some of these peeps are saying... That is some of the best video ography I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying! Your creativity is showing! Please show the best way to make garden planting pots if possible. Many thanks!
Background music is completely unnecessary, no matter what volume.  Why do how to video makers think it is necessary? Just annoying.
Very impressed with the finished work, well crafted and looks like it will last a long time. (Wouldve used a higher quality wood in my area (PA))
Man, I enjoyed  this video very much!. Good job!
You really like rustic don't you
A little talky in the first half. But I was watching on desktop, so the right arrow key solved that lol. Really great content in this. I really love the details you chose to include vs omit. For instance, the concrete without the plasticizer, and then as it was being added. Fantastic. But omitting a lot of obvious details (like the spacers you used when setting the concrete top), with just enough of a hint of how you did the thing. Very well done. Oh, and you lied at the beginning of the video, because now that I've seen this, all I want to do is look up cast-in-place counters hahaha
Solid video man! Would never have thought this was your first. And in regards to the project, great job with all the explanations. I’ll be referencing this when I redo the countertops in my house!
someone's excited....
GREAT VIDEO! KEEP IT UP!
Great video!!!! By far the easiest way I have seen to make Concrete Counter-tops!!! Thanks...we have had them in our current kitchen for 8 years and putting them in our new to us house that we are remolding now and this is the way we will do it great video thanks!!!
definitely gonna build this. thanks my friend hope you do well on youtube and blow up.
This was your 1st video? Wow! Slick dude, very slick.  Defo subbed up. 👍
Yo nice vid son !!
For your first video, you NAILED IT! Good editing, no "yammering on" and was actually entertaining. Keep up the good work.
Cool guy makes cool stuff. LOL
How did that camera get underneath like that ? Clip  13:03 I think Hollywood got involved here.
Awesome project. I think I will use your method to make an outdoor countertop. I love the compass/map treatment on the top and the chiseled edge. This is the 1st of your videos I've seen and I am going to look for more. Streamlined projects are great! Thanks for sharing.
I need a butcher table for processing chickens and pigs..  This might be the answer... Just worried I’d damage the concrete when using a hack saw to cut thru pig bone and hitting concrete..
If this is your first DIY video I can't wait to see how far you take this.  Very well done, plenty of information and yet still short sweet and simple.
Truly bad ass. I like how you did it all by yourself, even putting the table together
that was amazing, and I can not believe this is your first video either. Great job for the idea, the delivery, the editing and the smile. You are a great asset
Your first video looks like you've been doing this for years.  Your camera work is outstanding.  I really enjoyed the background music.  I really enjoyed the video. Thanks.
Great first vid man, congratulations....... I really enjoyed it and looking forward to more. 😎
That is a very nice counter top you have made, a great video.
Great build, great video.
i just subscribed. You should have your own branded DYI show on cable!!! ASAP. Someone give this man show!!! Blessings-Don
Actually, you WON'T see me in the next video. The tech doesn't work that way. I'll see you in the next video instead.
Why spray the caulk with silicone if you are going to break the corners off?
Good first video
Great job! I'm definitely going to give this a try.
Is it only me, i watched million of diy videos but never got my ass out of the bed to do anything.
But hey, how much did this project cost? Did I miss that part? If not, please post in your description so we know if it's affordable for our budget. Thanks Mike!
I LOVE the project but HATE the music. Thumbs up anyway:)
My hubby showed me your channel and loving it! New subscriber here!
Superb editing and production quality.   Great "DIY" type instruction for us amateurs.  Earned a like and subscribe from me!
wow awesome job! I can't wait to try!
for making kitchen countertops.  Would you seal it?
How do you add color?
Keep it up. Good job.
Great info! Appreciate it!
Did Magnum PI give you that hat?
This is really good stuff.  You made this project look very approachable and maybe even fun.  I love it.
Great video !  Would it be possible to add a few pale colors to the surface by drizzling a little on the form before you pour the concrete?  If so what would you use; possibly a little powdered  tempera paint?
Mu husband is your 206th "like" on Facebook. Great job - Go Tigers!
hour, my ass?!  (still enjoyed the video)
Very cool
Hard to believe that's your first video.  Great editing, lots of nice little touches like just reaching out and covering the camera for a cut.  It really gave me the feeling of being with a very knowledgeable, slightly hyperactive buddy helping me out with project.     Full 3 thumbs up.
Why not put a edge mold inside the form and eluminate the edge chielsing? Plus you get a uniform edge.
Great F&^% video man. Was exactly what i was looking for.
How does the design made from the dry tile grout keep from getting all messed up when you pour the concrete on top of it?
And today's episode is sponsored by spax!
LOL why not just build the countertop out of melamine?
Jepp, im building this! Thanx!!
been a concrete man for 35 yrs...loved it..what impressed me most was window cleaner on caulk..can't wait to try it..beats tapeing
I have SO go to try this! AndI love the pattern!
Hey man, just subbed... For first video it was AWESOME,  not to long, simple to follow, great DIY project, and most of all straight up - honest shooter, keep that up & you will blow YOU-TUBE UP.
Great video!
This Is a good DIY video looking forward to view more .. good work
Fantastic! I need to fix bottom of 3 outside Victorian urns. Minnesota this winter was brutal I have had these urns 10 years but now the bases are eroding and crumbling a bit. How would I do this!
Hey Mike : great video, great camera work, great music ( even though a tad a bit ... you know ). You are a skill craftman, good with your hands, but I just got to say this : THAT WAS ONE HELL OF AN UGLY COFFEE TABLE..!! ( no malice intended ).. ha ha ha.. cheers Mike.
Dang! That's sick!!!
That table was AWESOME! Is it possible to use a rounded piece of plastic trim on the edge facing outward (for counter tops) and just remove the edge before removing the mold? While the square edge and live edge look great, I'm looking for something 4 year old friendly. Great video.
Love it!  Great video!  Looking forward to more!
Freaking awesome.
Your video kicked ass . I live off the grid so this would be a good item in my home. Everything in my home is done rustic. The outside is board and batten the inside of shiplap wood on the walls and the counters or done with slab wood
That's is a great idea thanks for sharing.
Dint try too hard to be a cute comedy character who's target audience is white girls. Plenty of men want to watch men build stuff.
Best DIY video I've seen thus far mate 👍 my farm in South East Australia will be getting this exact design.
Very nice !
Awesome.. liked and follow..
An excellent job teaching! You've made a semi complex project into an easy DIY one.
Dude, this is so awesome! thanks so much for all your tips, this is great!
Love the dance in Home depot, like the Toujeo commercial 🤣
What holds the grout in place when pouring the concrete?
It might be the easiest way granted, but I would have to want a slab of concrete REALLY bad to justify the expense and labour.
very badassery coffee table...and great video!
Great build and video.  Makes me want to grab my tools again. You are inspiring!  Thanks man.
I'm not really sure what volume people are listening to you but I had no problems hearing you and who cares about the music it was a great video. Thank you for sharing.
Very cool table and great video!
Awesome man !!
Go Tigers!
Really cool video!
Lol you got me with Thank you Bob Ross. STAY KRYPTIC YO.!!!
I'm on your second video I figured I might as well start out making an comment. Great  content, but the video quality was amazing for only your first video, editing and filming skills her great keep this up I'm subscribing. I can't wait to watch more how to videos.
Very good job for your first video..
Worktops are not made from concrete. Concrete is not hygienic or suitable for food preparation.
Great video sir subbed
Jeeeeez....you americans kill me you're just awesome.....'let's do this"...."Wooooo"
good job, thanks for sharing.
Wow, that was killer!  Makes me now want to do the same.  Booked marked and liked for future ref.  Thanks for making just a great vid.
Great job but definitely a man's job.
Very entertaining 👍
Very nice,well done,,,,one in the can...
Mike great job,
Wonder if I could use this for an outdoor kitchen grill station project I am thinking about...
Great job man! awesome camera work, and entertaining energy!
Great video skills. I’m probably going to use this. Nice, clear explanation. Looking forward to your other stuff.
I don't have 500 friends on fb
I stopped watching after be said I watched 100 counter top video
Killer video. Very entertaining as well
Your video making skills and your personality is top notch! Thank you for sharing your knowledge. I would like to see you show how to polish the counter
I love easy DIY projects.  This technique seems like it would work to make squares top use as a decorative sitting area floor.  What do you think?
Thank you for making your video so informative and entertaining
I have a few large stains on the surface after I removed the mold. Do you have any recommendations on how to remove stains?
cool video m8 keep it going ; }
Super! inspiring
You are so funny and pleasant,great tutorial,you should be on tv......thank you
Dude that was awesome
Awesome job... great video work.  You’re the Man!
Feo !!!
Very entertaining. Good editing and camera angles
awesome
Your video is great and informative.  Thanks!  Do you happen to know if color additives can be used with this mix?
GREAT VIDEO! Starting a vanity top this weekend following your technique. Curious if you had any remaining concrete that was not utilized. My form will be 21x62x1.5 and it comes out to about 1.13 cubic feet...not sure if the two 55lb bags will be sufficient. I look forward to hearing back from you. Take care.
You talk too much just show the job. As a matter of fact you don't have to talk at all lost me inside of 3 mins
I will not view   ur vedio again  is a shit   tae mo putang na mo
No reinforcement   imsure   it's gunna crark  when  choping   a meat   u didn't   give a force  shit when u stand at the midle  even karate man can break that
Great project! Makes me want to go out and do one myself!
I have over 34,000 hours of television and film editing done over my career here in LA, mostly in promos, commercials and trailers and I just want to tell you that your style is off the chain!  Well done mate and look forward to more videos and some really cool knowledge you are kindly sharing!  Thank you!
The music was fine.  Good job!
This was a fantastic video just the right amount of chat and info and I would have that coffee table any day
Nice...but wont it crack with out inforcement in it?
Awesome video, since we are on the topic of concrete does anyone know a good mix for overlay or for vertical wall stamping something that won’t slump or fall of the wall at 2in thickness, there are a few companies that sell addpaks to mortar mix but I want to see if I can just create my own, I am going to buy a few stamps online and looking to do a stone wall and backsplash oh and course a countertop , thanks
That's a hellova first video.  Great job.  I like the energy, but that was a long 20 minutes.  You said that's about all the longer it took you to form and mix.
I have no interest in a concrete counter but once I started watching you I couldn't stop. 🤣 That's not click bait but it's some kind of bait 😂 God bless you young man 🙏❤😁 Its a very cool table. How about doing a video on how to make a fireplace mantle and surround?
Great job. But. Just my thought .I would of left out the glue. Easy-er to move around in 2 pices. The weight of the table top is heavy enough to keep everything firm. Otherwise great.👍👍👍
Very cool vid and table and great tips ... to much on the music but cool stuff A+
I read darn near every comment looking for the question "how much does the table top weigh?". Didn't see it so I just asked it.  Also agree with all the positive raves for your vid. Excellent! Edit- I see a lot of thumbs down but no negative posts other than the loud music. Do u delete them?
what length and thickness do you get for the melamine board?
Nice job  Do you use concrete color with this project?
Great video!  I've been wanting to make an outdoor bar with a concrete top, but didn't think I could pull off the concrete work.  After this video, I'm excited about taking a shot at it.
how thin would you ever go.  I was hoping to go pretty super thin.
Gave me a great idea
Loved it!
Fun stuff. Liked the great ideas but seriously does every video on youtube  really need the techno-crap music? ENOUGH ALREADY!!!
I had a company install concrete countertops. They used the ”build in place” method with fiberglass reinforced concrete. If I had only known this method, I'd made them myself. Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
What are the dimensions of this counter? I'm trying to guage how much concrete I'll need for my project, which was inspired by this video! Thanks for an awesome guide!
VERY COOL! What does the table top weigh?
is it too late to rename this project "19 Minute Concrete Porn"
Why are the windows boarded up at the 3:30 mark, or is that a  fancy shutter system with barnwood or something? It looks cool
How does the quick set concrete counter tops handle putting hot stuff on it?
Michael,  brilliant work deserves good publicity. For us UK viewers looking for a supplier. I have just found a very nice gentleman by the name Peter. Here is a mail I got from him when inquiring via the USA manufacturer.   Hi Paul, Nice to hear from you, thank you for sharing Michael's youtube, no I have not seen this before. It's great to have people spreading the word on what a great product it is, I deal with companies that buy 2 tons per month down to a bag per month, to heavy Civil Companies who work on roads that may buy 10 or 20 tons at a time. For you it will be like buying a cake mix from a supermarket, just add water and you get a consistent product. I just need your details. Invoicing name or company Address Contact number. I will then raise an invoice and email across with my bank details, once it paid if you can let me know and I will dispatch. Would you like to order a 5 kg bucket or a 25 kg bag? Also strongly recommend you buy the FLOW. Let me know how I can help further.     Regards,   Peter Bennett Director  t: +44 1442 891322 m: +44 07770 831300 e: peter@stm-ltd.co.uk  www.stm-ltd.co.uk     Previously.......    Dear Paul, Thank you for contacting CTS Rapid Set in the US, I am the UK dealer and have all the products in stock, assume this is for casting concrete? It never ceases to amaze me how many people manufacture products in Concrete, I find it fascinating. For me it is great to see someone try their first bag of Cement All and then lead on to long standing customers who love the product. As you may know Rapid Set’s main application is for Civil Engineering, we are involved in Airport and Highways and Structures. We are currently supplying our concrete at the moment to the M5 Oldbury Viaduct for deck repairs, so far they have used 350 tons and only half way through the project.  I have attached a data sheet on Cement All and the pharmacy range. Pharmacy we do sachets of Set Control which retards the set up to 1 hour if needed, as the straight material you only get 15 minutes working time. Flow is a plasticizer to give you a workable and flow able mix and extra strength. I would highly recommend these products. Also attached a few pictures of product customers have produced with Cement All which may be of interest. Prices.  5kg Bucket of Cement All £17.00 each 25 kg bag of Cement All £38.00 each Sachet of FLOW £2.68 EACH Sachet of SET CONTROL £2.28 each. Delivery for 2 bags will be £20.00 The above is subject to VAT. If you have larger quantities we can organise special net prices.  Initially it may seem that it is expensive, but it is very cost effective one you start using it. 1: It has all the ingredients in the bag, so consistent mix every time. 2: You can retard up to 1 hour if needed. 3: You can strip out the mould in 1 hour, you don’t need so many mould that take up a lot of space. 4: Can be coloured, sprayed, and fibres can be introduced. 5: You can produce very thin tiles, cast furniture, kitchen worktops, plant pots etc.  If this is of interest and you would like to place an order, please send me your full details, company if applicable and full address. Any questions please let me know.
How would you add a sink to the countertop? Would a stencil need to be cut out before the pour or is it better to cut the hole out?
At 1.6 million views and being that you get this kind of response on your first video produced and published, expect sponsorship around the corner. Whether you act it out or this is your true character keep doing the same. The craftmenship of your project is great too. The combination of these elements can make people famous.  Get busy producing videos while their getting people' s attention.
awesome video!
I have so many ideas now...thank you for this!!
Pretty damned good for a first vid.
If you know ahead of time that you're going to make the casting into a tabletop, you could cast some anchor points into the material, just place them immediately after the pour (assuming you know exact dimensions ahead of time).
Place a board or something similar in from the edge during your live edge chipping, to prevent accidentally going in too far and knocking out too large a chunk.
Super cool thanks
Love  it!   Ur a fkn stAr dude!
Great and informative video.  Like most others were saying, I was shocked to see this was your first video! Great job, you are definitely a natural for doing this! If this was going in a kitchen what would you recommend for sealing it? I would guess it needs to be sealed somehow because once you create the cool live edge look will it keep kind of crumbling or powder coming off?  Thanks!
Dude is HOTTTTTTT !!!!!  That bubble butt omg Hot Talented and great videos Defiantly Subscribed!
I liked your video very much and I plan on trying it but is there a way to make a countertop like this but with a marbling effect?  Ty in advance. John
I'm inverted.
Wow, that looks great. I'm thinking of making one as a sturdy, heavy, stable outdoors workbench that won't be damaged by the elements. This looks perfect
@MichaelBuilds I was totally floored when you said that this is your 1st video. What???!!!!! I almost rewound it to make sure I heard correctly. This is an awesome video. The instructions, the content, and your character made it Fantabulous. And I don't just fling the "F" word around loosely. Lol. You got a subscriber here. Hopefully I'll be able to make the table as well. If not, I'll just be satisfied with watching  the video. 😁😂
First video???? Great job!!!
On my list of summer projects is to pour a top for an industrial cast iron base.  I like how this is lighter in color that your typical redi mix/quikrete.  Looking forward to watching your other vlogs.  A big shout out for using the Big D bucket.
can you add aggregate to the mix?
Awesome video, period. Total Man Cave Table! Your choice of materials has given me so many ideals. Thanks!
1,599,687 views as of today, May 6, 2019. Great table and enjoyable video. Keep up the good work and don't get political and you can go far.
Do to you have to seal this counter top? Also with the sealer on how is the heat resistance? Thanks!
You are a natural at diy videos, thank you for such a easy understandable video!!! Keep bringing on the videos, I foresee a YouTube superstar👍
i Be LiKin Dat.  Cool.
can you add color to rapid set?
What were the dimensions of the table?
Shut the front door!!!  Your first video...?  Dude, this was so much fun to watch and I feel like I can make a cool concrete countertop now!  Couple of questions...  Is it possible to stain the mix before pouring and could you add glitter?   And maybe do some inlays of blingy glass tiles?  Again, you did an amazing job on this video and the cool coffee table!  Wish you were my cousin! Lol 😜😂😍
Great work! Thanks for the lesson
So very cool! I am a remodeling contractor, and have done several concrete countertops, and a fireplace mantel.  I spent lots of time and $ ordering materials.  If rapid set, flow control, or home depot did"t pay you to make this, they should.
Great video. Nice work. The end product turned out fantastic. Can’t believe this was your first video. You’ve got a big future ahead of you on YouTube.
Hey Michael!  Love your videos!  So easy to follow and so very informative. Quick question...can you inset something in the countertops?  Like a metal chain or metal washers etc?  Would there be anything special I would have to do to put those types of items in the countertops?  Thanks a ton!
I was waiting to see what your cousin said when you gave him his new coffee-table! You missed the ending of the movie! LOL great job though! That was beautiful, and I wish I could try, but I couldn't pick it up.
YOU ARE THE BEST, THANK YOU FOR THE VIDEO
Very well done. Can’t wait to try some of these.
Love the table great energy great charisma and professional tips.
OMG! I love you dude (I mean I love your screen presence).  I am in bad need of a kitchen make over and now I know think I know what my counter tops are going to be.  I'm just a crazy crafting girl so flipping the mold over to get it out might be a little difficult but I so want to try (after I buy the bottom part of the new counters, unless you will have a video to teach how to build that part too!!)
Thanks a lot.  Now I'm considering making a concrete workbench top for my garage.     I'll probably be able to resist the urge, but I've been repointing a bunch of brick lately, so this would really not be a big stretch in terms of effort.     Am I the only person who goes to the home of pot and thinks, "OK.  I'm buying a few bags or work"?
Bob Ross. Legend.
I subscribed, it's about time somebody actually put out a good video of there work in Detail !! Straight forward
That is beautiful and easy, thanks for sharing
Wow really amazing one question though for the designs and natural look what did you use was it just dry rapid set or something else
Just did 4 counter tops from 27” x 26” to 83” x 38”. 1 1/4 thick and they bowed. Any idea what could cause that?
Nice techniques, nice outcome...  I’d encourage you to work a bit on evening up the audio levels between the music and your vocals...  thanks for the vid!
So incredibly sorry about volume of the music! Im still learning the ins and outs of iMovies and I promise you it’ll get better in the next videos.
I love the video but that music... Makes it difficult to follow the great information
your cousin is going to have bloody shins  thanks to you ruining the edges
Useful information .  Do you think you could use some even more annoying music for your next video?  I really enjoy being agitated and distracted as I attempt to learn.
Pretty cool
Awesome don’t stop you’re an artist
Great video! Be wanting to build an outdoor coffee table. Perfect! Thanks!
I tried working with concrete & failed most of the times. Major issue I had was weight! Too heavy, too dirty, too involved, too expensive!  It took my experience to know this isn’t for me
There is NO WAY this is your 1st video.. you have way too much editing skills !! O'well.. Great talent, fun personality and watchability. I'll be watching
"So at this time you wanna take a nice, straight board"....that you didn't get a Home Depot because they don't have straight boards hahaha.
No man has EVER worked with concrete and stayed so clean. No shower needed.
You rock! Keep 'em coming!
Next video 86 the background racket,way too loud and can’t hear you.if I didn’t like subject so much I would’ve turned off. But great counter top.
Gtfoh why is this a video?
Thats bad ass, will be an amazing technique to use doing our outdoor kitchen counter! Thanks for being so talented!
Thank you. Precise, concise and to the point. You even had a chance to sprinkle humor into your video.  I am going to try this. Please continue to have "happy little accidents"!
Your first?! Damn brother man I think you dun found your calling. The youtubes!😆 Very nioce!
Great video, very informative and just the project for my outdoor seating/bbq area. I can't belive it's your 1st video.
Yes please make some molds, youre the best
Lots of sound problems.
Enjoyed your video
First of your videos I've seen, but this is an amazing video, and since my mom has been begging for my dad to replace the counter top, looks like the daughter might step in with a solid solution.
Would you ever use a method like this to make concrete panels for fencing?  Good first video for sure
Excellent for a first video!
Awesome video
Tigers fan huh? At least you all were kind enough to get that tough-as-nails Verlander out of town. No, I'm not an Astros fan.   Anyway, could some sort of coloring be mixed in the mortar? Instead of creating a "live edge", could a radius be ground into the edge, or would there be too much heat buildup from doing that?   Loved the compass and veining - really nice.  This video will be "required material" for my very artistic better half - she'll love it too.   All the best.
Flawless video brother. I’m all in on what else you have.
Awesome video, great explanation! I  am working on doing this soon. Can the Template be reused? Or is it trash after one use?
The voice made me think I'd accidentally played it at 2x spewd
90000 subscribers already.  Thats wild
love it
Great work mate.
I wasn't looking for this type of video it just popped up and I watched the whole thing. Interesting guy.
Thank you! You're not talking incessantly, you're not yelling, just speaking at a normal, comfortable volume without feigned excitement. This format is great, too. Informative where it matters, to the point where possible. You summarized and explained as you went. This is high quality stuff, sir. Immediately subbed.  Agree about the music being way too loud. Looking forward to more videos! Cheers.
Looks great good job 👍🏻. Do you do anything else to the dry grout ? I would have thought the concrete would disturb it when you pour it in ?
Enjoyable filming, I liked the addition of some lens tweaks just made the style more interesting.
The music completely unnecessary and annoying
I have to say if this is your first video, then where have you been. That was fabulous and well done. You are a master craftsman on a higher level than all else. Keep your videos coming because I want to see more. You are the real deal and a pleasure to watch. I want to see what else you can do. Amazing man, you really rock.
Awesome Work! And Your Area of Saw'cery is Kept So Clean' All While Your Life Has Background Music!! Your Like Super Human or Somethin!💪😶✌👍🇺🇸
Excellent video and project.
I can't believe this is your first video.  So impressive!!  I am definitely following.  Keep up the videos!!!
exitos👍💪
Love this video!  Was wondering if it is possible to color the mortar while mixing it.  Is that possible.  If so can you do a video for this. ;)  You're the bomb.
Great Video!  Love the Detroit bucket.
FANTASTIC tip with the window cleaner, and WD 40. Would a silicone based spray work as well? I'm literally Geeking Out with how cool this is.
Spax are good... but I really like the GRK, self tapping non split cabinet screws.
WOW. I'm glad I found this video considering I'm doing some countertops in about a week and have been researching a lot. First, love the personality. You do a great job explaining stuff. Second, do you have to use mortar mix, or can you use the rapid set concrete mix?
Awesome: thanks for the great instruction and inspiration!
Michael, liked your video, I'm getting ideas on how to do my first    kitchen counter top, saw your video nothing like the others. Your video very simple and fast, thank God I ran to your video and keep them coming very entertaining!👍👌✌
Great video, thanks for all the info.   Agree with some of the other comments, you've got to turn the music volume down a bit. Had to keep toggling my computer/video volume.   Otherwise, AWESOME. Saved for later :-)
Hey could you make a video using these techniques for outdoor concrete fountain? I really like your style. Will keep watching -your a natural!
Great video! Question, how do you prevent the grout from moving around and keeping shape when pouring the mix?
The whole video was awesome good, including the sound effects.
Made without reinforcement?
What an inspiring video, thank you so much. With my retirement coming up in a month or so, I have been looking for ideas in regard to making stuff with concrete.! Fantastic job there.
I've made some concrete countertops before but this is by far the simplest approach.  This is an awesome video - except for that big 'D' on the bucket ;)
Wow this is inspirational. What a great video. We're going to try this ourselves. My only hesitation would be using rusted nails and wood from a pile (I'd hate to bring tetanus, hidden termites, etc. into the house).
cool vid bro
Beautiful
What an amazing video. Thank you for posting. One small problem. At times you spoke so softly and the sound was compromised and the music was too loud. Still this is GREAT. I plan on trying to make something like this for my outdoor area. Do you need to seal it so it can tolerate high heat in Texas?
Could you imagine how stupid we would all be if all of our teachers had loud background music over every lesson.... cut the cruddy music .
I am in the middle of building a log cabin and have watched countless YouTube videos to help me along the way. Your videos sir have been my absolute favorite to help on developing my interior work. Kudos and can’t wait for the next video
My wife and I sat and watched 14:52 and then she had to go to work. Saved the rest. It would be neat if the design was oriented so that it actually pointed north when put in position. A thought.
Those poor Japanese can't make hearts of concrete because they're not free.
Can you dye the concrete a darker gray?
Fantastic! I now know how to make one, I’ve wondered how to do one, you make it simple. Thank you.
Mike, you're a natural with this video!  Make more, indeed, yes!             : )
I subscribed when you said "Let's build something cool."
Damn Michael, glad I found you and I'm a retired carpenter. Nice idea
the public should be told about the radioactivity granite counter tops give off when considering this alternative = this gives off no radioactivity = granite gives off radioactivity and when wet, radioactive gas =this is not a joke or fake news, just google it
Excellent video!
If it’s in a kitchen will you need to seal it from oils and spills?
My OCD needs to ask if you considered the cousins current coffee table location, and the true or magnetic north orentation  was considered with the compass art design ?  Very cool project .....
Awesome job , man totally doing it now .subscribe now 🛎
Thank u ... My next project FYI ... Love ur personality
I've poured several countertops, pre-cast, GFRC and cast-in-place...  Black silicone has been my mortal enemy for all of them.  The window cleaner is a great tip.
I intend to make a garden bench, using your method.  I wonder how it will weather.  Thanks for sharing.  BTW great first video, very creative.
You've got my vote. I make stuff from found stuff and cheap solutions too. Nicely done. Greetings from Scotland!
Wow.
Thanks for the great tutorial, Michael!  Looks great!
Seems like a great idea for making a pool table top.
Great vid, very informative.  Go easy on the music, it should enhance a subject, set a tone for the background.  The second half of vid there were several times in between dialogue the music came rushing up from background to take center stage and attention away from  your main character.  Everything else excellent.
This just randomly showed up in my feed and I didn't know this was even possible... I'm installing new cabinets this month and thinking about what I want for counter tops! This could be my perfect solution.   Question though, the main counter (deep enough for counter seating) is 120" x 30' I think that's at least 250 lbs, is that too heavy? Or do I need to find a way to pour in multiple pieces?
Wow this is great and such a hot nerdy daddy to teach me 😍🐻❤
Pretty damned good for your first video, except that your audio levels were all over the place in the first half.  Good technique on the casting, but I wouldn't use the grout for marbling.  They make concrete coloring that you could add to small portions of your batch in varying amounts and colors.
Love this technique would  like to see a concrete cornhole set for outdoors.  Thoughts?
Awesome
Absolutely a fantastic video, thankyou man vary much
Thumbs up to your battery powered drill for mixing a full bag of mortar. Champ!
Loved the video and super cool project that I plan on trying.  Only thing that took away from it was sound volume- music too loud and your voice too soft at times.  Really well done with lighting, framing and presentation of materials needed and how to do it.  Hard to believe it your first.
Top notch brotha!
excellent use of your creative abilities ! where down river do you live?
Good shit bro!! couldn't stop watching
Awesome effort and entertaining as well. Subbed!
Michael - if I were looking to do a 5x6 countertop for a island bar - would I have to do anything special when 'splicing' the two melamine panels together?  Should I worry there will be a seam in the counter top?  Or can I just piece them together caulk and go?  Just curious...
Great video, I am inspired. Love your video technique too, I want to be your cousin 😊
Thank you Michael...You just inspired me to take on my first "Spring" project!   Great video, easy to follow.
You are just too damn cool for words.  Great Video, Great Results!  There is no F&@#$% way I would have tried to stand on that slab that soon.  I'm impressed.  Do you know how to put an Epoxy finish on that Slab afterwards?  I would love to try that next.
Ya, what he said. And what she said. And what everyone said.  I love you man!  (Hey - this is America, I can say what I want).. (That should be your thing - I dare you to say that in every video you make from now on). Thank you for the entertaining education - that's what it's all about. Share the love baby! God Bless and great luck.
Very nice. Glad I found this channel!
You Sir, are a natural! I look forward to watching many more of your videos.
Excellent video!
Ayeeee. That BOB ROSS reference. +1
Woooow i love you 😍🥰🥰🥰🥰
Can I add color to the concrete?
Awesome thanks
OMG! Who are these people who could vote this video down? I just want to take them out back of your shed and ........ never mind.  Michael, brilliant video and even better creative project (art).  I wish there were more people like you.  You even thank us for watching your video. Wow, we should be thanking you for your time and making this look easy. So, thank you for the inspiration and teachings. Now to test that theory of how easy it actually is to make. lol.
thank you for this video!!!!!!!
Keep it short next time bud
what is with all the thumbs down, this guy is easy to watch and was ine of the best I have seen.  This is what you tube is all about
👍👍👍👍👍👏👋
I love your videos, you are very funny, and you said was your first video, your videos seems like a pro!!!!
Does the mortar come in colors? Can you make a video on white concrete counter?
nice
Add rebar papi
lose the music, it's distracting and covers the voice.
What would you seal it with ? Can you put color in?
Wondering if this method can be used as a kitchen countertop its an L shape with a sink on one side any tips should i make it 2 inches thick on the sink trying to do it as easy as possible. any tips would help Love this diy video. I have so many ideas thanks to you
Any way to make the music DB level parts the same as your speaking parts? I had to keep turning the volume up and down while watching on my lunch hour here at work. Other than that, great video and instruction. Kept me interested the whole time. Good job and good luck on your future endeavors.
Hey Michael!  That top turned out great!  I am like the other folks on here about this being your 1st video, fantastic job.  New subscriber here! Keep em coming man!
Not in the market for a concrete counter top - but watched the full video, nicely edited and organized.  Great work!
I have no clue how I ended up on this video since I had been watching repo videos and 1st gen Tacoma videos, but I’m glad I did.  Great video. Keep up the work and you got a new sub!
This was my first concrete countertop video that I have watch and I've saved it for later when we are ready to tackle the new countertops in the kitchen. Great job! Liked and Subscribed!
I love it awesome
Hey Mike, this is a great video.  I recently bought a gazebo at Costco so my family can spend more time outside the backyard.  I made a video on how to install it and uploaded it to YouTube surprisingly had a good amount of views.  Now I need a table to go with the gazebo so I was looking on YouTube on how to make a coffee table and came across your video.  I hope you don't mind, I'll be trying this method out this weekend.  I have a stencil that I'm super excited to use.  And of course, I'll be giving credit to your channel.  👍🏻
cant wait to try out your technique thank youl
Mu-sick high up's and down makes this a hard video to watch.
Can you show us or message me back with How to go about getting a highly polished finish on the concrete worktop?
Great video but please please tone down the music, let it be low in the background, I stopped the video a few times to take an ear break.....otherwise nice work!
This is amazing! I’m making this next year!
Great results and also awesome camera work for a first video.  Way to go, I will try this.
Dang, that's cool 💗 and seems pretty darn easy
The only thing missing from this is cleanup. How do you avoid getting your tools encased in hardened concrete?
AWESOME!!
How about "aircrete"? I enjoy all of your videos,, you make it easy for us low skill guys to look good! 😂😂👍👍😎
Wooot! Subbed!
Wow GREAT video. I won't be able to ever do this alone but man, you make it look so easy and fun.  Keep um coming, love your energy!👍
Great video! Quick question though; how does the countertop with mortar mix hold up? I was talking to a contractor friend about this, and he was saying that I should use the Quikrete concrete countertop mix. Do you think that would change the process much, or is your holding up fine with mortar mix? Thanks!
Just found your channel.  Great video!  Lots of awesome tips and instructions. After watching your video, I got the impression you are a fan of Nick Zammeti too or is that just a coincidence.  Have you gone to any of the Maker's Central conferences?
Great video.  Can you use 1/2" malemine board?
Are you sure this is your first video?? Could of fooled me and I would of thought  you were some kind of movie director. Great job with how you presented this video. Very interesting very in detail and very entertaining. I give you 5 stars my friend and two thumbs up. Cool attitude and cool idea's. Please keep the videos coming brother. 👍👍😎
i'm sure your cousin is going to be ecstatic when you deliver that bad boy, and what a great gift, also if this is your first video i do believe you are on to a new career.
awesome stuff the answer to my problem, but how would you buff it or satin finish
Awesome Nice Work. Thanks
Bad ass I’m going to try this on a outdoor kitchen I’m doing is there a way to seal the concrete
What would you do for a sink opening in a counter top is reinforcement needed ?
Love it dude! I might have to replicate!
Gorgeous..OMG I will be trying this..Thanks
This will definitely be to top for my outdoor kitchen
How does the sanded grout not move when you pour on mixed concrete?
Looks like your mold wasn't quite level, great video though
Thanks man. Great first video! That was fun 😊
“In 1 hour” ?? 🤔
so.. did you weigh it?  2 x 4 x1 1/2 of Masonry weighs in at... ?  By the way, my wife looked at me and said "You might be able to do that... but how would we install it?"  See, our counter is 10 foot long, and she didn't like my answer of "In sections".  On top of that, she figures we can't do a counter top with a cut out, like for a sink.  Silly human. Anything is possible.
Bob Ross, yay!
Dude!! MORE!!
This is great,  cant believe that rapid set, is it the same weight as concrete or is this lighter, ive ade a concrete table but the slab alone is about 200lbs
Sealing that old wood with some linseed oil would add charisma.
I would love to see the same basic thing designed for an outdoor work table, something that could handle the elements.
Such a great job. And your cousin is so lucky. Awesome  job.
This was really great. I tried one if these out for my grilling station.  Came out great but it cured with some darker spots or splotches that distract from the pattern and “grains”. Not sure why? Any suggestions on how to correct? Otherwise they look awesome!
I love it!  You have a great personality. And you're so kind to make this table for your cousin.
Your annoying AF.
Well... I now know what my wife is gonna make me do next weekend lol
That was cool bro I have to replace my counter top in the kitchen and didn't want wood Ty for the idea that Awsome ty
Wow... Great project and editing skills are freaking awesome!  Subscribed!
Oh my god, dude. This WAS a nice project.
Thanks for the reply. Big help. Am pouring in place caps on top cement blocks around a koi pond. One is circular so have to form. Thinking of adding color to the mix. Appreciate any tips. Like your video. Very detailed. Thank you.
Liked and subscribed. Great video. Very informative, clear and helpful. Perfect.
Mega impressed. New bar table here we come.
Of all the comments, I can't believe that no one who has followed your tutorial and made a counter top has responded.  Allow me to be the first.     I wanted a small counter top, about 10" x 60" with an arced front for my outdoor bar. I followed your instructions from this video and the one concerning curved counter tops.  I added some buff pigment for a brown color.  Wow.  The results were incredible.  I was thrilled at how smooth the top was as well as the rounded edges created by the silicone caulk.  It absolutely exceeded my expectations.  My custom made counter top took me about a day and a half and cost me around $75 bucks.  I couldn't be more pleased.     If I ever make another one, the only thing I would do differently is take a little more care in applying and smoothing the caulk because any globs or imperfections will definitely show up on the edges.     Thanks for the awesome video.  You just made me look like a genius...
Great video ruined by awful music! There is no need for music in videos in my opinion unless they are music videos.
Yeah I dont believe you 😜 awesome job...what do u edit with? And you make it so easy dude
Nice job on the video.
A very nice completion of the concrete counter top.  Our countertop is just a fabricated marble. This is an awesome job.
Fantastic!  Michael needs his own cable tv show!
nice vid bro keep up
Love it!
Comment 5,185... WOW.   Will this hold up if left out doors?  Rain, snow , sub 0 Temps?    Great job by the way.  I will be trying my hand at this.
Awesome Video!! Thank you
I think that is the best first video I have every watched. Keep them coming!
Awesome.
How did you get it to look white . Mine came our grey.
This was an excellent video, seriously. I am a journeyman at many trades and think it should be said. There are a lot of horrible DIY videos out there this one is not one of them. Great job man!
How do you stain it so it's good safe
Great video, I wish I had seen this prior to making my stereo rack.
How long did you wait before chipping the edge??
That was an absolutely great video. I am definitely going to try this.  Great job!!
Wow I was SHOCKED to hear you say this was your first video! It was fun to watch, very interesting and informative. Your instructions were very clear, concise and well organized, and I not only learned what materials and tools I’ll need, but why and how to use them. I learned about tools, techniques and materials that I can use on other projects too. And finally I have to add that I watch A LOT of YouTube DIY videos and you are one of the very best presenters I’ve ever seen (including highly experienced youtube content providers who have made hundreds of videos; in other words you have found your calling and you were obviously born to do this! I’d bet big money that you’ll soar to the heights of YouTube in no time so congratulations on looking like an old pro on your very first video! Of course I hit the like and follow buttons and I’ll eagerly await each new project!
Subscribed!!! ❤  I'm gonna make two of these for my husband for his first Father's Day in our new house. One for our backyard & another as his office desk! I hope I can do this. If all goes well & per ur easy directions, I just might get a new pickup as a token of his appreciation! 🤘👍👌🥳😎🥂❤ U rock! XOXOXO
How do you get the dry tile grout to not move when you pour the mortar??
Great video!  I am going to attempt this method for a countertop.  Considering adding an inlay.  Any suggestions for type of aggregate that I can mix with this mortar for the inlay?  Looking for crushed glass, opal, or something similar.
Dude your soooo long winded I can barely keep watching. Just get to or
Looks awsome, showing my son, I want one. Thank you for sharing. 🙏
Hey can you reuse the molds? I was thinking I might be able to make my own floor tiles. And with the mortar sprinkle make a stenciled mosaic (not sure if that's what you'd call it) Did you ever do an art project in school where you placed a grid over a picture then with a larger grid on bigger paper drew the same picture? Like that! And yes you are great at this, please keep it up.
Amazing!!
Maan, that was a really cool video, and we were talking about new counters...good luck with the channel!  You have a great screen presence!
Love this method! Thx bob, great presentation
Ok, this video and materials used got my attention! I am wondering how the table is holding up? I just see the table crumbling while I sand it. Mortar mix, no wire mesh, rebar, gravel or liquid additives or fiberglass reinforcement! I don’t have any experience using mortar mix for this purpose but I honestly like the way the tables look turned out. You surely found something different that looks great but how’s the table holding up???
Great job! Your wife is lucky to have someone like my husband. Talented and willing!
Brilliant use of time and material, good for you. I will make planters for the back yard using this method.From an old guy to a talented young guy, THANK YOU. I will keep watching any videos you produce.
I like it
Great video I love it!
Like the tutorial, looks great, AND something I will be doing this summer! But please reduce the amount of B-Roll... probably 7 extra minutes of unnecessary watch time. Less is more!
Table was great as it was.  Why nick your own work?   Walk by the coffee table and nick your legs?  Nahhhh
is it strong without metal net or frames
Your presentation was epic.  Good job.  And this is going to go into my new house when we build it.  We are going to build a barndominium in a few years and we are teaching ourselves to be our own general contractor as well as do as much work as possible.  Thanks for the kitchen counter ideas.
hello, I'm going to talk really low. BUT THE MUSIC IS LOUD AND ANNOYING.
Over time, did the counter top crack?
What a great video , really enjoyed this, thanks
Great video and awesome tips, thank you.
that was cool
Do you think this could be done for a 5.5 by 2 ft with a front cut out for an apron sink?
"Your method" 😂
Hi! Great video :) any suggestions on how to deal with seams if I need to butt countertops together?
For a first video this was outstanding.  Thank you.
Great video. But I felt like you were trying to sell me
Just found yr site, really cool project.
Cannot believe that was your first video!! It was awesome! Great editing and great personality. I though you were a pro!!  More please!!!!!
Plans, supply procurement, site readiness, mold assembly and preparation, mix preparation with accents, pour, cure, live edge detail, seal, install................totally just ONE HOUR!  Still had time to dye my hair, wash my car, do three loads of laundry, paint 300' of wood fence, chop down the Sequoia in my front yard, take a round trip to the moon and smoke a brisket for lunch.......ALL BEFORE BREAKFAST!!!!   That said...nice job for your first vid!!...from someone who is light years from doing one himself ;)  Many happy returns!
Home Depot, plz cut back on the heavy edit stuff.  Besides that it is nice.
I have less then 50 "friends" on Fb the best ones are hours away lol come help me mate 😜
This video was awesome 👀👀
I am running to homDept with this video as my shopping list!  Amazing project!  Thank you!!
I really enjoyed this! Thanks for posting such an entertaining and clear tutorial.
I don't know how good your method is because I stopped watching after 4 minutes.  If there is one thing too many YouTube videos suffer from it is annoying music at too high a volume.
Thanks for a truly informative video!
Awesome video. I'll be tackling my own concrete table soon and this is the approach I'll be taking. Would the grouted templates work better if you mixed the grout first to avoid the pitting?   I'm a Lowe's guy myself ;) I wonder if you could get Ryobi/HD sponsorship with these videos. Worth looking into.
How did you keep your design from moving when you poured the concrete?
Bro!! This video was awesome! you better believe i hit that subscribe! i'm really looking forward to more content!
WOW that stuff sets up fast if you dont use that easy flow!!!!
badass!
Love Bob Ross!
Hello Michael. I wanted to ask for your advice, I want to make a patio table using your method, I have some expanded metal laying around waiting for me to find a use for it. Do you think it would help my tabletop gain some strength if I add the expanded metal to it?  Thanks in advance
I'm having trouble finding the Rapid Set Mortar Mix.  My Home Depot doesn't stock this brand and I cannot order it to the store for some reason.  Stores in towns over an hour away apparently have it in stock.  Is there a replacement for Rapid Set?  My local HD and Lowe's each stock High Performance Cement Fast Set Repair Mortar and the popular Quickrete Mortar Mix.
Hey man I want to say what an interesting and inspiring video you just made. I can't believe it was your first, very well done, thank you for sharing
Your first video and my first concrete mould table top video. Awesome stuff especially for your first one, looking forward to your other videos.
like the video, are U from Detroit area? I saw the D bucket and was wondering.
Spicy
First concrete tabletop my husband did it his way, cracked down the middle. He sat all the way through your video and now we did it your way :) They were out of the little bags of set stuff, so we had to do without and when they say quickset, they mean it! Waiting to take the mold off and for our burly friends to come over and set it up.  Thanks for the easy to follow info!
Fantastic. Great presentation as well.👍🏽💕
did they like the new table?
This has to be the BEST video I've watched on making concrete counter tops and I have watched a ton of them! The tips you included will make a project go smoothly. My new summer project...replacing my kitchen counter tops!  What product would you recommend to color the concrete and add sparkle, similar to granite? Thanks for this amazing video!
.... but no running with scissors...
Well done
Beautiful
Your background music is too loud I thought this is a rock concert
82k followers with 5 videos in a few months??  Hello, HGTV Calling!
Really your first video!?! This video was awesome! This was honestly the best DIY video I have ever watched.
Thanks for the video and vital info. We r in the process of purchasing a building to open a children's soft play center. This will come in handy. From UK
Seemed like too much work before, , this way works good!
Awsome!
Awesome vid! I think I’ve found my method for our island. Question: should any type of reinforcement be added in the middle (wire or rebar) to keep it from cracking or to add strength? For our island we’d like to have a 12-14” overhang for a bar. Would this work?
Hi, how can we protect the countertop from the stain ?
I'll be making a depot run.
beautiful work of art
This is an amazing video!!!   Great work man.
Very Nice, great video!
can this be expanded to a full dining table without adding reinforcement?
WOW, you sure this is the first time EVER recording yourself? You are AMAZING.   We stumbled upon your first video and couldn't stop watching.  Cannot wait for the next one.  Thank you so much for giving your YT family such an awesome experience.
So fine!  But!  I am surprised by the lack of questions in the thousand or so comments I scanned!  How many bags of mortar mix did you use for that 2X4 counter top?  For joining of sections is an 11/16" X 11/16" lip enough allowing for cement?  More or less?  If I need a hole for a sink, do I pour around a hole or do I cut the hole after the pour, and after setting the counter top in place?  I'll be 70 next month; but this is something I can do!  Pretty awesome!  I thank you!
Excellent video, informative and entertaining. The Alton Brown of DIY home projects? A few questions, on the Melanine, how about utilizing an old countertop as the base? I presume it would be thicker and more stable than the thinner Melanine. Especially if it were to be used more than once. There's always someone renovating a kitchen, I'm sure it would be easy to find some being tossed-out. As for the artwork, if I didn't want the 'bubbles', what if AFTER laying down the dry powder, you sprayed it carefully with your mister, making it wet and having it cure in place first? THEN lay the mortar mix over top of the set artwork? Finally, for the outside edges, I saw another similar video where they placed 1/4 round trim in the corners, when finished, it gave a nice clean 'sculpted' edge. Rather than the hard 90 degree corners or using the hammer for the rough look. Again, great video...
OMG!! I cannot wait to try this!
Wow!!!!
Hey Michael, so much fun watching you and, just great good luck in everything SA,Tx
“ you have 500 friends on Facebook “ I like your style 😂  Seriously though, this is definitely your calling 👌🏼🤘🏼👍🏼
The volume on the music is way to loud, you have to keep adjusting the entire video, other than that great video!!
Great job! looks great
Nice... You keep it simple and entertaining 👍
I only continued to watch this because of your hat.
This is great. I KNEW the hubby was overthinking it lol. Ya know what we’d love to see next.  How to make a concrete top look like old wood planks, the graining, coloring technique, etc.  can’t believe this is your first video...cool editing!
first one ?  you did better than most.  not too much running the mouth... :-)
Probably the best how-to video I have ever seen. Cant believe it was your first. Just subscribed. Thanks
"Like" ...is an understatement! That was awesome! You've been working with concrete for a minute or two.
Would this work on a dining sized table? I’m concerned about the strength across a larger length without rebar reinforcement. Excellent video thank you!
Flipping awesome. Definitely love the table and going to put me and hubby to work. Thanks for your advance.
Please! No music when talking! Annoying!
I appreciate you man. Funny, smart and entertaining. The table rocks too. Great vid.
Loved how simple it seemed. Now I need to add sink and faucet holes to install later.
Like your video can a color be put in the min
Super job!
How thick did you make this?
That's not concrete, it's mortar
Nice! I have over 3000 friends on Facebook, but I would bet that not one of them would help me install it without expecting something in return ♥
Thanks for the video!  It was very fun to watch I am hooked!  Can't wait to try this out.  Will def check out more videos.   Thanks again!
Great video. You got my subscription.
What silicone did he use, like what brand
Excellent how to video-- I'm all about how to do it faster, easier and cheaper so this is my kind of DIY help.
Great first video, I found the music to be at a much higher volume than your voice so I kept having to turn volume up and down.  Well done!
When he pretended to pull those nails in the pallet wood out with his teeth I almost fell off the couch laughing!
Great Video Michael Builds! 1st Vid? I'm A FAN!  Subbed👍🏾
Nearly watched this...except the bullshit american flag nationalistic shit at the start put me off...sorry
Holy CATBALLS excellent video! first time viewer, lifelong subscriber.
to keep your art in place, lightly apply several coats of hairspray over them before you pour the concrete. it will lock the sand in place and will not discolor the concrete.
I'm typically not one to comment. Great video and workmanship. Awesome idea with the grout design/veins and great idea for the rough edge!
I hope the compass lined up true, after that counter slab was installed.
Nice filming and nice concrete work, but this could have been about 40% shorter - we don't need to see trees and grass, and you selecting pallets or pushing a shopping cart at Home Depot.  I'd subscribe if you tightened up the editing.
Good stuff!
Excellent!
I enjoyed this video but you should have really worn a mask when pouring the dry mix to keep from inhaling any.  I also noticed that the second bucket was much looser than the first pour does that affect the finished product down the line?  I am definitely going to try this but without chipping off the corners which are then impossible to clean.
The reinforcement you so eagerly left out serves a more important function in counter tops than strength, crack control.  A light gage galvanized wire fencing will solve the problem; something heavier than chicken wire but lighter than hog fencing is easiest to work with.
Just did a 8' X 3' table.   Have to be careful on large table as mix sets up quickly.  My first buckets were too dry, didn't flow and wore me down.  By last bucket I was fatigued and slow 9(250+ lbs of mix and lifting).  I got lucky as neighbor saw my struggles and came to my rescue and began to trowel.  To add insult to injury I dropped last load due to fatigue and got all over my patio and new pavers.  Pavers were stained.     Having said all that it still turned out wonderful after flipping, leveling, used spray foam insulation to fill the large gaps since  I didn't get the mix to the top of the form.   Stained the top, used the 70 coats glaze formula from HD and it is beautful.     Thanks for this video!!!!
Great video can’t wait to build one. Only one question… the grout doesn’t shift when you pour the concrete into the mold? Didn’t notice you doing anything other than just pouring it in place. Thx and am loving your videos!
Freakin phenomenal!
Very entertaining!!! loved the video and I'm super impressed that you're at almost one and a half million views for your first video!! AMAZING!!  ...also can't wait to try this!!
Loved this video.  I would like to attempt such a thing.  My biggest question here is about the tile grout.  It was just dusted in like wet sand.  Does it set and harden, so as to not be dusturbed by the cement when pouring it in the form?
Can you use that mold over again?
awesome video
Muy largo el vídeo ..se tarda mas que hacer el trabajo..poco practico 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Been trying to figure out what to do for my counter tops on my outdoor kitchen build. Now I know!! Thank you so much for making this simple fun and instructive. Excellent video. I will be consulting you on all my future projects...
This was one of the best DIY videos that I've seen! Bravo amigo!!  Thanks for sharing your knowledge and skills.
New sub brother!!!..great and very detailed video....thank you for this video and explaining it fully...you rock brother!!!!
Wow I’m impressed
Yo...This guy is my new rock star. First video?? Man I couldn’t stop watching. @HGTV you need to give this guy his own show.
I am curious why you did not throw on some chicken wire, or stucco wire for rebar.  For the price it would make it bullet proof.  I would like to  add colored glass or stones and then grind it smooth.  Any ideas how to pull this off? An idea for your second video.....
Too cool! ...Nuff said...
Honestly I wasn't going to watch this video because of the length, but it was so well put together and entertaining that I couldn't stop watching. Not too mention how informative and clearly instructed everything was. Thanks! Keep it up!
I wish there was no compass but only that nice stone look. Beautiful work anyways...
Do you think I could use this technique for fill in part of my drive way.? Maybe I could build a larger square mold.?
Helpful and enjoyable.  Nice job.
Very well done. Thanks! 👍👍👏💪🍻
Great job, simple and concise! Thanks
Question what was the approx weight? Looking to redo some counter tops and want to make sure the weight isn't too much. Great video by the way.
I will be using these techniques to make kitchen counter tops and my island counter top.  That said...   I want to use a design but because of what I am using the concrete for, is there a way to fill in the indent of the design to create a smooth surface without losing my design?
Can i color the concrete? Would this make a good table for the patio? What would i use to seal it with?
Can you add color to that mortar mix with a quickrete liquid stain?
So I accidentally bought the concrete mix instead of the mortar mix...will it make a huge difference?
My wife and I absolutely loved your videos and we are going to make a vanity top for our bath with a farm undermount sink.   Any suggestions to how we can get the color to be a darker gray?  Thanks in advance!
awsome vid.i am so going to give this a try.ill be watching for more vids.thank you
Music's too loud
I know a LOT about this kind of stuff I learned over the course of years but I just learned a hand full of new things. O_O
Just amazing, great job!
So anxious to try this. Have you tried using any concrete dyes with that product?
Love it
why doesn't he need a vibrating table?
you crushed it ! best video ever!
What color and kind of grout did you use for the compass and veins?    Also, I looked at several compass stencils online, but like the one you used best.  Can you upload the image here or email it to me?
nice live edge simple and looks sharp, thanks
This was by far the best concrete counter video ever! I was considering the faux finish ardenex or henry over something... now i might try a real counter!
"There are no mistakes, just happy little accidents." I say that to my kids all the time
Curious why you used Mortar mix instead of the blue Rapid Set.
Awesome video.  I like your personality.
Awesome video, I learned a lot with this one. Thank you, and keep up the good work.
I like your approach, like you make it seem simple and easy to understand thanks bro
My wife, son and I did our kitchen island. We mixed and poured 4 bags in 20 minutes. It went smooth because of your video 🍻cheers to you Sir! We are starting the the rest of the countertops next week.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE it! Need this to cover a small counter top in Airstream. 42 x 24 this would be perfect and use the single vessel sink, YOU DID A SUPER JOB> Keep the videos com'n ! I've been look'n for 18 months~ This will be perfect!!
I'm no where near your level, but wouldn't flipping the top over and placing the glued bottom on be easier than setting the top ontop of the glued bottom?
Yu had me at pain in the ass..subscribed
NO FUCKING WAY that this is your first video....... it was so polished with the right mix of humor, pans, music etc etc etc.  You must have done your homework with all the you tubers out there.  Thank you
Awesome video. Loved the top. Will definitely try it.
SUBSCRIBED !!  One of the best I've ever seen.  Great job on the project and presentation !!
This was wicked! Added a sub, can't wait to watch your other videos!
I like the “D” on the bucket
now that you have your cardinals, you have to orient that table properly!
Great attitude, good video, and a nice diy table= new sub!
Fun video man.  I’m gonna make changing my wife’s brakes a video like this.
Great work man. That table is first class bro! Subscribed!
Great video.  Would you be able to go longer than 8 feet? What would the seem look like?
Loved your video and enthusiasm. I watched some DIY videos just now where the presenter has a voice that is monotone and so hard/boring to listen to. Thanks for making it fun!
That some kick ass work
Liked very rustic cool table. Any ideas if I pour in place how I could add the stress look or designs to my top surface bud?
Awesome! You are genius level. I admire guys like you. I am too dumb to do these kinds of things.
If you hadn’t told me I never would have guessed. Going to make me an outdoor kitchen now
SUBSCRIBED! You inspired me & made me laugh 😆Cool guy who can rip nails out of wood with his teeth. Please make many many more vids. Can you show us how to set a concrete water bowl for a garden?
Nice work! Thanks for sharing and the tips!
Michael, excellent. I'm looking for a unique deck rail, not a counter top, but this popped up and I'm thinking of a concrete counter top down the road. So I thought I'll watch this before proceeding to my objective. Now, I'm thinking I can make my deck rail using this method. My current rail was made of pressure treated 2x12,  laying flat like a shelf, over the past 12 years of neglect they have warped and suffered the weather, I think I can leave the supporting 2x6 underneath after removing the 2x12s and install concrete tops 2x12 x8' long, siliconed to the supporting 2x6. Loved your video and I subscribed.
Awesome video! Keep making more! I’d love to see more in mold making. Can you tell me what to apply to protect it against stains and to add color? You know how dirty kitchen counters get.
Hey Mike. Bet you have enough loyal fans to do some touring. I'm sure I'm not the only person in Sydney who would love to see more of you.
Click bait title! 1 hour? After the first step, the silicone, you have to wait 24hrs!
Just a cool dude in a loose mood
Great job. I have a question for you. When you place the design could you add some colored chalk line powder to the dry sanded tile grout to add color?  I was thinking you could make the lines look like a river running through.
Amazing!
Probably the best video I’ve seen. Thanks for sharing. I’ll be watching
Love this!  Feel sorry for the lawn mower, though.
great videographer..
Michael posts his first video. Next day, 1 million views and 77k subscribers. I quit...
You made this look so easy and you really do explain in detail the "how to"  very well. Please make more videos.
Can this same technique be used to make a concrete outside table? I would assume so but I am not know for my project skills...You have inspired me to try! :D Thanks.
Man this looks awesome! Great job!   If I wanted to add color what product would work best and how would I go about doing it? If you have a video of it I'll watch it but if not it would be awesome if you made one!
So glad this video showed up in my recommendations! My husband and I are renovating our house and kept hemming and hawing about which kind of counter tops we wanted to do in the kitchen. We are big into DIY and thought about making our own butcher block or concrete counter tops. I'm pretty sure we're sold on the concrete tops now! Great video!! New subscriber here! Peace- Crystal
omg ive been wanting to build a concrete top for my bbq station glad I seen this  thanks dude your amazing
Great video. Tons of information and I love your style. I subscribed. I'm hooked.  Thank You.
Your first video??? Duuude your production value is off the charts! You must spend a mountain of time in the editing room. What editing software you using?
this is an awesome video i am defintely gonna try this keep up the awesome videos
This is  your first video?  I can't believe it!  I love this video and I wish to do something like this for my countertop but I've heard it scratches easily so it might not be a good idea for a countertop?  What do you think?
Great video man. Love the music selected also.
If this was your 1st video you knocked it out of the park, really enjoy this a lot.
I love this. How would I do this on an existing laminate counter top?
Hey Michael, I live in the Pacific where we dont have a Home Depot but my wife and I are wanting to do a concrete counter top for our kitchenette. We love your ideas and videos. Could you recomend something that would work in place of the flow/pour control you added to your cement as we dont have that on our island of Saipan. Thanks in advance.
The music is fuck'n absolutely obnoxious.
This is great! Thanks for the realistic/comical personality and step-by-step walkthrough. Great editing too!
Awesome video production and the best concrete counter guide that I've found! Thanks Michael!  Quick question; do you need to use any type of reinforcement (like rebar)? Or is the concrete alone sturdy enough? Most people seem to put a reinforcement screen in the center of the counter top.
How would using air concert effect the stability?
Very informative and fun to watch!
I wasn't looking for this, but I now have a strange urge to make a concrete counter top. Awesome video!
Why blur out the prices?
An hour?
Can you reuse the forms?
show the brand and type of tile grout used. it would be a great help :)
I'd like to use this method to make my countertops. Anyway to make the countertops white, and stay white when sealed?
Needs shortening first 5 mins nothing happens
cool stuff.  good job
Loved it
Ok so water turn it for an hour and let it dry for an hour? I am going to try this?!?
not sure why this video has 1.1k thumbs down. The video was entertaining. I'm not even making a table some how I got here watching an OW video.
I'm actually going to try this... Excellent explanation, even down to what screws to use. It's the little things to those of us just trying to start. Thumbs up and subscribed. Interested to see what's next.
Wow! Exceptional DIY video! One of the best I’ve seen on YouTube hands down. You made it look so easy yet entertaining. Now I am ready to start my own project.
You did GREAT! That is NOT your first video! 😂😂😂
So when is your home show coming to cable TV
Do you know if that particular concrete is heat resistant? I'm thinking about a barbecue cart with a concrete top. Thanks.
It is your civic duty to make more of these awesome videos! Great camera work/editing!
C😩😩😩😩😩😩😘😘😘🥰🥰🥰
Put a redfish in the middle.
IMG_0659.HEIC made this for my pier to clean fish.
I love your energy. Subscribed @ halfway through this video, and beautiful piece as well.
Amazing video! Thank you! Perfect amount of information and helpful tips! Going to make an outdoor bar with this countertop!
Thank you for making this so easy to figure out!! I can’t wait to try it out!   I was wondering if you could help me figure out how to coat/cover my wicker lawn chairs with concrete so I can leave them out year round.   Is this even possible?
Man, that’s nice. But you had to use some set control or some other retarder. That stuff kicks fast!
Well done video but I have a lot of doubts on the top... there is zero reo in it and going for high strength concrete mixes just serves to make a more brittle top.. with such high strength and zero ability to flex, it'll take 1 firm knock and your top is done for. Also less of an issue as you can always do it, but no sealer means Karens red wine that inevitably ends up on it will leave a lasting reminder. an easy (not perfect but car better) option for your top emthod would have been to at least drop some SL52 or similar reo in during the pour.   In your instance these concerns aren't so problematic as your top is fully supported, but if someone tries this method on a suspended top they are doomed to fail.
So glad I stumbled across to you that is a very good idea I have been thinking about concrete countertops since I'm ready to do my kitchen and how did he like the coffee table?
Hi, I tried your technic, but didn’t get the same result. Same product used, everything mesured. But every places the concret was poured into the mold came out with some round stain. Any ideas why?, is there any way to fix it? (Tried water, rubbing, acid with no succes). Thanks
Great video man do you have any specs on the base you made?
You made that look so easy I think I might even be able to do that!
You made that look so easy I think I might even be able to do that!
Easy to follow! you re a great instructor because your steps are clear, hacks are great and you make the steps fun. I will follow u, Sir!
Great first video. Already hooked! Question, for mortar mix, is the final product on the video the color it comes out? Can you add color like normal concrete?
I have binged watched 1000s of DIY videos and your "first episode" is one of the best "first episode" productions I have watched. Thank you for showing some great ideas to work from!
Loved so I want to see your cousin get it
Awesome video. I'm glad i found you. Aloha from Hawaii.
Thank you!! I want to make a propane fire pit with this kind of table top and just like you said in the beginning, everything seemed so complicated! Subscribed!
hi awesome pour . does the rapid set mortar mix cure to bone white?
This seems like a great video but I was not able to watch it.  The music is TOO TERRIBLY LOUD and the voiceover is too quiet.  Please just stop with the  stupid music and make great videos instead.   I can't hear you talk without cranking up the volume, but then the music kicks in and I have to immediately turn down the sound.
I need a nephew with your expertise and humour..!😁
Nice job!
Amazing!
Only problem with a mold is you can’t bind that to another piece for an ACTUAL COUNTER TOP.... at least not without an obvious seem. Everyone already knows fast ways of molding...
Man that's too cool dude. Awsome craftsmanship
So flippin cool, and the table is alright too, lol! No kidding what an awesome video, I almost feel like I too could do this, thank you! Love the omage to the "D" 😊
Great job love it 👍👍👍
I'm gonna make a concrete bar for my balcony and use that awesome design work to put me and my wife's name in it. Super cool do more please
Well done
1st video!!?? Wow loved it. Gonna do this for a garden table n benches... Thanks! Defo subscribed.. 1st video over a mil views lol
Dude, first video?    Subscribed !
That was awesome I have learned a lot
Freakin love this guy!!
Absolutely stunning.  I want to do something similar for the sink area of my art studio.  Do you have any videos for installing a sink in the concrete counter?  Love the use of the pallets.
I hardly give Thumbs up on videos i watch.. You Deserve a Thumb-Up Bigger than the one available.. Since there is no other, am gonna click what i have. THUMBS UP BUDDY!!.... =)
Why did the stencil material not move around as the concrete spread? Wouldnt the design be messed up?
Great video man! I have shown a few friends, who also really enjoyed it. I have one question what would you say the color to be? Looks whitish to me but not sure how it looks in person. I hope its white because thats the color I'm going for.
Well I am a chronic youtuber to learn things, usually something my husband needs, this time you captured my interest! You're funny and real, and the first time out too!!1 I can;t wait to make this concrete top. BTW, I am a retired female teacher, look out!!!
wow! new to your channel. subscribed and definitely looking forward to more vids. love this for a project i had in mind thanks a lot.
Lets make like a sheep farmer and get the flock outa here
How will this hold up outdoors in a Michigan winter? I am planning on trying this.
Bro, great video. I'm hyped to make a counter top with your method.  Wow
Very Cool!!
Holy Shitballs!  That was cool as hell!  Thanks for the inspiration! It will be one of my projects this spring for sure!
You can pull nails with your teeth and make a great video. Great finished product as well.
Awesome video - staggeringly great _first_ video!  Very much appreciate it!
No mesh rebar ? Won’t it crack?
Brilliant Michael! Is there any sort of sealant you would recommend for an outdoor application?
silent bob sure has a lot to say
Great table top mate!! I'll be following this when I take on a similar project. Very well explained.
I thought it came out awesome!!!!! Being your first video I was glued the whole time, awesome personality, definitely got me pumped to try this project for my patio table
Love this guy! I'm planning on doing my countertops it your way! Thank You!
Your awesome!!!!
Greetings from Australia.  I've seen tradesmen with decades of experience not do anywhere near as good a job as this. Have you done this to fit out an entire kitchen?  If so, how did you join the corners? Traditional mason's mitre? So much potential here for decorative effects, stones, pebbles, shells, etc.
👍
How did you get 1.3 mil views in 4 months??
You just won a new sub
Just wasted $250 on this project. Rapid set hardened in 40 seconds. 😩
I had never done anything with concrete before. I just made a near exact replica of your counter top, for my patio kitchen/entertainment area. The only difference it is 5x3. You would call me xerox, if I could post a picture. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. Consider yourself flattered. What a great, entertaining, and easy to follow video, for a concrete noob like me!
Oh my god I think I'm in love.... Diy or someone give him his own show!!!!
GREAT VIDEO! I hit subscribe 2 minutes in. Step-by-step was well done. Anticipating more of the same. (Loved the Bob Ross shout out!) A pleasure to watch.
I've got a small cabin in Michigan, you can make whatever projects you want for it!  Great job
This the best concrete table top video I've seen on YouTube.  It's amazing that this was your first video, it's excellent, keep it up!
So, was this all shot with a gopro?  And which editing software did you use.  Oh, great job.  You have the personality, wit and humor to keep the viewer educated as well as entertained. Thanks!
Like it. Will this work at say 3/4” thick for kitchen countertops?  And should the under mount sink hole be cut in or formed in?
Way more than an hour...
Captain Morgan!!
Rapid set cement is available ww. Would be interesting to see how long it lasts. It looks great but I still wouldve put reinforcement in.
Was i the only one that thought Noooooo! When he stood on top 😁
You certainly have subscriber here..loved it
Very First Video!?!  Dude, you're a natural!  That table is awesome!
Great job. You can believe I'll be trying this out soon!
Nice job Man!! wonderful creativity!
Perfect. Thanks so much for sharing this.  Absolutely brilliant. Keep up the great work.
Great job Michael! I have a question about the mold? Can it be used more than once?
OMG! Please come be my new best friend! I don't even NEED a concrete counter top and I want to make one!!!
Great job! Love it keep up the good work.
We just bought a house and I've been watching diy videos for freakin' days and days. I just unsubbed those and removed all the previous bookmarks because THIS is the one I (and 2 or 3 of my Facebook friends *snort* ) can do. Keep it up. Please!
Lol!  I watched the whole vid, and i cant believe you actually described to ppl how to chip edges, do you know how many ppl just cracked their table corners after that because of not vibrating it correctly?  Haha awsome
Looked like your walking through depot listening to, "stayin' alive" 😂
You're a natural! Nice table too!
Great video.  Love the B-roll and effects.  Keep up the awesome work!
I tried this...the mortar was hard to work with and the grout just smeared to unrecognizable.
Well done mate, wonder if they have that rapid set stuff here in Australia.....might give it a go!!
Super cool.
You’ve gotta be like the king of the women who hate their husbands club. Honorary memeber. That honey do list just got sthhhheeepppppp!!!!!
What's with the loud music spoils your video
Make more videos. Great filming. Love the simple/educational approach.
You are just a guy, you have a guitar drawing in the workshop, you play something? I repair the house so I inspire you very much. I compose songs, I have a channel "Johann Otto band" I wish successes !!
For this being your first video it’s amazing. Great job
Well done man. I'm going to make one for sure
Michael, could I make 3'x3' concrete slabs with this method?
Fantastic!
This is a GREAT video! you have the personality, the skills, and great Editing. Thank you. I look forward to making a Pizza oven with a Cement Table. Great Vid!
Great video , and also what dis you use to make the design , what is the material name . Thanks
Looks good brother💪
Hey mike can I use a hydro dip design for the top???
Beautiful!!!!
Informative, entertaining!! Great editing, and you have a fun, engaging personality!! Keep ‘em coming!!!
Awesome video man. Very good quality
Great video - that would make a really nice patio coffee table. Thanks for the inspiration  - of to DEPOT!
Hi Michael. My 11-yr-old and I cranked out our first concrete countertop, thanks to you!. A couple of questions. Exactly what kind of silicone did you use on melamine? What concrete sealer do you recommend for food services? Thanks alot Michael!!
Interesting, but way too much irrelevant stuff. We don't need to see going to Home Depot, or carrying bags out of the pickup. We to be told how easy and quick this will be only one time, not over and over. Interesting stuff worth knowing but this was 8 or 9 minutes longer than needed. I'll have to watch it again when I'm fresher. Nodded off this time.
Hi. Super cool top. How do I make it into an L shape?  Do I just make one big L shape and pour?  Or do I do two separate piece and connect?
How do I calculate how many bags of rapid set mortar I need. How much Sq ft will one 55 bag get me at 2 in depth? Is there directions on bag?
Top video, great job ,very helpful 👍
Fucking genius.. Love it
I liked the finished product of the countertop (table top). Not a big fan of the pallet base. A little to rustic for me. Overall, very informative. 👍
First video??? Dude, you need to ring up DIY Network or HGTV because you know how to make DIY look interesting and entertaining, AND a finished project that makes me feel like even *I* could do this! BTW, I need a cousin like you! LOL! Seriously, thank you and I'm subbing you - can't wait to see what video #2 brings.
I enjoyed this diy video, but please, lose the music!! It sucks and not necessary. In some spots it actually hindered my ability to hear your voice.
Great job !!!!..verry interesting....
isn't the stencil in the middle upside down/backwards.. mirrored I guess?
Brilliant!
Great video. Quick question. What type of drill device are you using to mix the concrete? I thinking of doing a concrete edging project and was wondering do I need a specific concrete mixer.
could you change the color of mortar? if so, how?
That is so cool.  Well done.  I'll save this episode, ill soon need it!
Did you seal it?
Cool video
awesome video !!  what camera do you use for shooting the color and focus was great.. your video gave me idea for a concrete top picnic table..
I was so amazed I had to try it. I made a 'grilling' table/cart out of Western Red Cedar and thought this would be a great option for a top. Followed your instructions to the letter and once again amazed by the results. Thanks and keep it up
Great job, both the table and video 😁
Am I the only one that though you're putting heaps of rock in the grass
Amazing Video man, definitely impressive for your first.  I really enjoyed some of the cool tricks you shared that I imagine you accumulated over years of experience.  My favorite was the foam glass cleaner spray on top of the silicon caulk to cleanly spread the bead.  It made me instantly want to go re-caulk all of my bathrooms that I have been putting off because I always make a mess and it never spreads evenly.  GAME CHANGER.  I have subscribed and look forward to more excellent content.
Good job awesome work very helpful video
Well done dude amazing job.  Love the fact that you utilized the lumber from the pallets..  I'm gonna use this and make a picnic table out back.  Thanks a bunch for sharing.
So well done you have become the first channel I have subscribed to ever
Great Job!!! That would work great for a kitchen center island.  I would like to stain and seal, what are some good products to use to accomplish that?  Thanks guy ; )
Sooooo    COOL.
Will it hold up outdoors?
Thank you for sharing. You made a simple and plain beautiful craftsmanship work.
ummmm fucken subscribe!!!!!!!!!!
Love this!  How about showing us how to do this with an opening for a sink or a slide in range?  I need a solution for new kitchen countertops???  Thanks!
I enjoyed this video I will definitely be trying some of these techniques! Thanks for the share
can I drill holes in bottom if I wanted to use  metal/iron post legs for coffee table?
+++You got mad skills! Great video.
How would you go about doing a whole laminate countertop?
Love this vid. great work. Gotta check out more now
@Michael Builds I loved this video and subscribed.  I'm surprised you just started I cannot wait to see the other videos.  I am all set to do this project just wonder if you could please tell me how I figure out how much cement I might need for an L-shaped kitchen counter.  Thank you for this, I have watched over 100 videos and got discouraged and NOW I KNOW I CAN DO IT !!!
Awesome video! Question though... might be silly. I’m having the strangest time trying to figure out how many bags of the mix I need. I calculated my countertops at 30 sq ft. ?? Any chance you can help with that conversion ? Thanks so much and PLEASE keep making videos.
Great videography!  Loved this.   Might have to try this.
How would you seal it for outside use?
What's with the whispering? Don't want your neighbors to hear?
best video I have seen in a long time so exciting kept u interested the complete time thanks
Absolutely fantastic and I'm a Ross
Great video! Reminds me of Bobby Duke Arts. He’s a bit silly, too!
I want to try this. But not sure why you would change  the smooth edges to sharp edges.
20 minutes to sit and watch a video is like agony to me. I usually just skip through and get the particulars. I watched this whole thing from start to finish, top-notch brother !
Paul Ricalde sent me here! nice vid
Great video, thanks!
This was cool, I realised I had most of the stuff clogging up my shed and need a garden table for potting etc. Thanks
Home Depot infomercial.  Not even subtle.
Dude awesome video. Really helps us DYI people who are reluctant to create their own projects. Thanks for taking the time to show us.
great vid! well presented and simple methoth. I might have a go at some kitchen counter! thanks
If I can’t find malamine do you recommend another material?
Cool idea !
Dude! You rock!
PLEASE lose that music!  Silence is golden.  Keep your camera angles straight and steady no need to jump around and all.  You showed a very cool project just lose the extra stuff on your videos! Seriously that music is too annoying,
What would you use to give it a smooth surface? And what about if I want to put a sink in it?
You’re amazing!!! Subscribed faster than you can say “beavers n ducks!”
Very good for your first video👍
Awsome video brother!!!
We are getting ready to install a bar counter top but it’s a L shape. How hard would that be to flip and install 72”x47”. Loved how fast it took to create. Inverted cast. Can you create an L shape video. Also we live UpNorth Michigan is there a problem making this outdoor when the temperature is only 39 degree outside right now?? And for you to stand on top of the counter top, Amazing!
Can you do this method with Dye, she wants to color the concrete
This is not your first time 😳 I was watching & all happy the whole way through. I get to the end and almost fall off my chair.  Amazing production! I hope all my first times from here on out are 1% as good as yours! Thanks for the content. GREAT job(S)🙌🏻 Subbing!!!!!
Great video, you'll do better without the music though
Why does your music have to be so much stronger than your voice?
Couldn't agree with threeque more! Awesome video man . If this is your first vid, you obviously will continue to produce amazing content as you do more! Keep it up!
,wow very impressive, very nice.
Great video!
What is the size of your work shed?
Got an anti-Trump ad before the actual video. What gives?
You're awesome dude. I LOVE 💚 this VIDEO.
Epoxy it
First video?! Dam bro you did a hell of a job love the humor and the editing, lots of fun to watch! I think I'm ganna make a Depot run and build me a coffee table! Can't wait to see your next video!
Wow That turned out fantastic !! I would be in heaven if I would have that pile of pallets in my back yard 😀. I hope your cousin liked it. Thanks 👍
Removing rusted nails with your teeth, now that's how it's done!  Another awesome build, I need to start stacking wood pallets behind my shed.  I just finished a pallet wood crate on casters for raffle at my daughter's school, wish I share/post the pic here.
you are a fun guy :) respect!
Excellent video - great instruction, visuals perfect!!
Great job man!!  Thanks for knocking the cobwebs out of the ol thinker material balancing on these two legs.. Keep the great ideas coming..  Oh!  If i wanted to seal this for outdoor patio table, what can i use that will stay nice glossy clear??? Will table top resin stick to it???
ENERGETIC & FUN. YOU ARE FABULOUSSSSSS!!
Decorative concrete is always fun and particular. I like stamping, coloring and staining. Decent looking job and friendly for the beginners.  I wasn't crazy about the simulated stone edge you put in it with the brick hammer, but decorative work is all about aesthetics and preference. I'd have probably had my form on a work bench, stripped it a few minutes sooner and tried to scrub the edge a bit and close it up straight, but that's just me. Taking nothing away from your work.
Did you just point out the fact that since this is America....you are allowed and able to make a heart shaped concrete countertop? My sides!
Simply excellent video.
I want to be your cousin, my family room needs a coffee table...
Very good video will definitely be giving this a go. well done
Very entertaining and educational, Thank you!!!
Melamine..... It is pronounced melaMINE, not melaMEAN
How much does this weigh?
Going to make a smaller version for my garden ...nice seat!
more!!!!
It’s fantastic! You are fun to work with! Keep up the great and simple videos!
Think you have the little hole in the top part of your tube gun that cuts off the tip, as well as having the piercing bar on that model of gun. I might cut off my counters bullnose, flip it and reattach for interesting scoop edge on an in place mold.  Formica is kinda like melamine .. may also be putting up a matching concrete backsplash after counter sets in place too.  Too bad bay window above the area wasn't beefier tho .. marble tiles ..  furreled in counter dish drain into sink would be handy too.  That stuff could totally take the abuse.  There is a hardner in it too right?  Gonna be really hard not to embed abalone shells in it .. lol!
X L N T video. Been wanting to build a counter top and ....well you made it look easy, no special verbiage, just build and go.
Very nice
Great job with the video!  Love it!  Also love the project...going to have to try that.  You make it look easy.
Good video homeboy
Great, can I be your cousin, ha! Ha!
Great video the only complaint it have is with the audio. I don't mind the music but I think it would be better if you didn't have any music playing while you are speaking. Loved the video but sometimes the music was distracting while concentrating on your message.
That table would be 2 grand at some fancy furniture store
Hey Michael, I definitely get how using this mix saves time(and is what sets this diy apart) but could a regular concrete mix be used with the flow control and the grout? With the obvious use of reinforcement as well. Asking because using rapid set definitely drives the costs way up for this project.
Stylish!
Super great job Mr !!! Fun and Educational! 5⭐️
You did a beautiful job. What if we don't have a Home Depot in our area? Can you use a different mix other than Rapid Set Mortar Mix?
What's the final dimension of the table top, 1 1/2" x ? x ? Good job man, you just put me to work.
Great video . Like the way you do the veins in the stone . What kind of sealer would you use if you wanted a more marble like finish ?
You sir , are a gem
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL!!! I've been wanting to try something like this, thank you for showing me the way!😍😍💗💗💗💗
Where is the backsplash???
Bravo!
Great Video...I might try this.  Weird question...When you poured the concrete why didn't the sand move.  I would think the flow of the concrete would move the tiny particles.  Either way...Nice Job my man!!
This was the best concrete countertop video I’ve seen. I loved that you showed how to make a design in the concrete. The video was well-paced, and I would guess you scripted it beforehand, which is an excellent choice. You kept us in the action, showed just enough of each step to explicate the techniques, and you did the necessary explaining but didn’t go overboard describing every minutia. Please keep making videos!   I saw in your video description that you are aware of the loudness of the music. I’ll just mention that it was not only overly loud when you weren’t talking, but also loud enough to obscure your voice at times. I’m sure you’ll sort that out with trial and error, as you wrote.
so dope man thank you!!!
First video, really???  Look forward to seeing more.  You’ll excel on YouTube.
Great video! And awesome product!
Is their a way to darken the cement a bit with a colouring? Or is that not possible with rapid set?
By far the best concrete video I've seen.    Great table too.
You made this look ridiculously easy even someone living in a high rise condo could do it.   Could build myself a proper Portable gas BBQ caddy with a concrete counter top for my balcony for that right urban contemporary feel.
Bravo, great video. I ca see a lot of potting benches, garden benches and pots coming on.    Great job on the video
I like your video style, hard to believe it's your first try. Project idea is interesting, using unexpected materials. I did not like the outcome of the sprinkle-on design accent.
Nice work!! Thank you for your help on how to make a countertop
So glad I came across this video. Everything about this video is perfection
I would love to see a video where you install the concrete counters in a kitchen.  My kitchen has horrible Formica counters..
Wow. I was thinking that this was a cool project and a really well done video with the interesting camera angles, then you said it was your first. Great job.
Would let that wood dry before making that table..
I’ve used RapidSet for years and by  the best and only one I use for my Quick projects
flawless victory! subscribed.🍻
Michael - You are destined for YouTube greatness! You not only simplified the often far-too-complex DIY videos on this subject. But you nailed the production tips and tricks of #CaseyNeistat and #PeterMcKinnon24 #SorelleIAM - Top notch editing and very engaging filming and script. You rocked it. Concrete results. (for my countertops...;-)
Yep, that was awesome!
Very good first video. Loved the mood of the video, made me want to try it. Keep up the good work.
Howdy! Can you please help clear up how it only took you an hour? Most videos I watch say to leave it for days. Amazing stuff! Thank you!
Great video! Congrats on the 200k likes!
Great video, great project.
nice video.. loved the table. .I would have done only one extra step. The planed wood I would have aged to match the rest with a brushing of vinegar that has had steel wool in it for a few hours.  Great idea with the sanded grout.
This feels like a Home Depot commercial for some reason....
love it!!!!
Oh!!! I was wondering who you work for? Home Depot or Rapid Set? LOL
Thats really cool. And yes,, I have a mountain of pallets behind my barn. LOL
Good job dude. I want to try this for sure. Maybe when I remodel my bathroom. I’ll just have to leave an opening for a sink.
Really Stunning.!!
WTG GREAT JOB.
Great video man! Excellent contrete-ing and video editing skills. One Tip: start pouring from the corners. This prevents voids and makes troweling easier. Cheers Mike!
This video is AWESOME! I'd like to see step by step on the coffee table build out of pallets...or anything out of pallets because YES I DO have a stack of pallets in my yard!
Wow!!!! Amazing video!!! From the editing to very clear and direct instructions. Well done!!! You earned a sub!!
Your bad ass!
Creds must be given the your people in the shadows.  Your video angles & editing are down to earth and simple.  Keep up the great team work!
Aarg - that distracting music - otherwise - thanks.
Thats pretty bad ass, I just might have to make me one of these this summer.
Dude, fantastic. You put us to shame. Well done.
Great video 👍
Awesome video! Your techniques are great and your editing is great too. You're a funny dude on top of that. I had no idea a table top can be made so fast. Like another guy said, seeing your cousins face would have been the icing on the cake. I liked and subscribed. Hope you put out a lot of other videos. Thanks Mike.
How did you prevent grout design from displacing during concrete pour? Did you use a fixative?
Awesome
You are a quality individual.  Love your creativity. That shed definitely  shows some high level carpentry  and artistic skills as well.
Well done, can’t wait to see more.
Great Table ! what would you seal it with ?
You are a natural!!!  I’m on board!  Love it.
Is it possible to add a colored pebble aggregate to this mortar mix?
This great and simple. Can I use it for fake boulders? Like the ones in the water park waterfalls
Very cool well done!
Great job! I feel like I could tackle something like this! Keep cranking out the videos!!
Great job pal.  I'm making one next
Hey, I loved your video! Thanks for the quick and simple instructions!   (Side note: your audio is very uneven between the music and the speech, the sound gets Very loud and quite. a little audio work would do wonders here! Keep up the good work!)
Great video, great table! Great talent.
Awesome job on the table. Concrete is a brittle material,  you may have 6500 psi strength but that table will snap in half if you put much weight on it. Saw you standing on it I know but the buckets where close together. It needs reinforcement to be solid.  Been in redimix industry for 25 yrs.
What are the dimensions of your slab? how big will a single bag create?
Awesome Dude! I’m in Australia and will give that project a go. 😎
sweet table dude!
Everytime he hits his shin on that, he'll think of you. :)
Well done, I subbed.
Awesome! Can't wait for your next project!
WOW! This is your first video?? You rocked it! The table is awesome! Looking forward to seeing your future projects.
Your video makes this look so easy, I'm thinking about trying it for my kitchen remodel. You used 2 bags, what size was the mold?  Trying to determine how many bags I'll need.
Try joining a concrete countertop group on Facebook, and asking professionals that do this on a daily basis what their thoughts are on this mix. The consensus will be this is a substandard countertop. It's a subject that's been covered many times.  I literally think of it as a liability that I won't won't take the risk of putting in a customer's house
Excellent video and content. My only gripe would be that after awhile i had to turn down the volume. The music drove me nuts.
That was pretty darn epic for a first video!
Perfect thank you
got me thinking I can do this 😳 lol 😝 if I ever do I’ll be sure to send in a photo 😉 #newsubscriber
As a licensed contractor who builds concrete countertops regularly, and has tried this exact mix, this is not a strong table and is very very brittle. yes you can gently lower your weight onto it but you even tap it with a hammer and it's likely to crack straight across. Promise.
got me thinking I can do this 😳 lol 😝 if I ever do I’ll be sure to send in a photo 😉 #newsubscriber
How did you know about my mountain of pallets in the back yard?!?!?!?!? 😂😂😂😂😂
SUPERDUPER !!!
Did you mix both buckets of mortar at the same time or pour the 1st bucket then mix the 2nd bucket? (I’m still building up my nerve to try this! 😊)
Clever, especially the part about tapping or vibrating the bubbles out of the concrete, never seen that mentioned before
Great video!!
I don’t normally add any comments but this was outstanding!  I look forward to more.  Very easy to follow.  Very informative.
66k congratulations Brother
Fantastic job!  I’ll be watching!
😎😍😘👈
why buy a Wal-Mart table..make your own personal concrete table..
watched on mute with subtitles
The D! Represent!
Just tell me one thing? Why did you put this LOUD MUSIC over you instructing? There was absolutely no reason for ANY MUSIC at ALL! Your viewers are all guys wanting to do something cool and easy, not some chicks looking at a cooking video!
You're a natural!!!
Well that’s not cool!  Sorry!  Thanks for responding so fast!
5 stars my friend, nailed it on every level......keep going luv2cmore
I have a 4' steel fire pit ring that I want to spruce up and this seems like it would be a great technique to use. How does this material hold up against heat?
so informative. so cringey.
Great video. Good thing the closed captions worked cuz the music drowns you out.
Screeding is the method of removing the excess and not the tool that you for the process.
For being super polished, this is good stuff! Fun, edited pretty well, and funny! Earned my Sub, keep up the great work!
Excelente felicidades muchas gracias por tus vídeos
Way way cool
How did you get the white color instead of the concrete color ?
Brilliant first video 😮
Dude, this was awesome and looks like an awesome process.  Definitely going to be making this top for my outdoor grill station!
Dude....this was an awesome video, the tips, techniques, and your delivery was all spot on! Subscribed!
Great video, aside from the volume that has to be the most irritating music in the world.
How did you make the sanded tile grout stay in place when you pour the concrete over it??
You're just AMAZING!!!  Disabled Warrior mama @ 52 left raising two. On our own bring on the challenges of saving, entertaining  and enjoying many projects in our new chapter in life. After selling all our belongings to survive, now its almost time to get started very soon. Back yard just Living STYLE is what we hope for. Thanks for being part of our family now.
Excellent information.  It would have been better if the music didn't come in so loud. I had to pump the volume up and down to get to the end!
cringe content with forced home depot plug. thanks but no thanks
Love it! Great video and project.  I love the rustic look! Can't wait to try my hand at it.
Your video took away all my fears and concern. That mortar mix will help me solve a problem with a concrete floor I want to do. It dries fast and hard so my family can use the floor space sooner. I think it will work. I'll try a small section first. Thanks and great job!
I hate when people take ideas that I should have had and make cool stuff out of them and don't give me credit for being too slow to make the ideas myself!
Your my new favorite time waster, great video and project. Thanks
That is a beautiful original table. You truly made this look easy.
I want your Detroit bucket and i love the vid
I forgot to say, cool video by the way!
whats the magic behind the sanded grout not moving when you pour the cement in
Wanted to start off with saying this was a damn good video for your first one. I will be making one pretty soon. Keep up the great work
I loved the video,  it was so funny when you pulled the nail with your teeth.
Question for Michael or anybody out there that has put a high gloss sealant on this particular type of top using this material. What did you use, and how did you apply the material? Did you wait 30 days for cure?...or did you apply fairly soon?  I will be doing a Bath vanity, and looking for a durable high gloss finish.  Thanks!  Nick
love it
Great video and superb project. I though that with no rebar it might crack, but no.
A good video but don't promise 1 hour job when the mold takes 24 just to dry.
Ha ha, "explode" is right! (see comment below by threeque) Interesting subject, but it seems this presenter is trying to be the #1 YouTube star, with his antics that I don't find amusing nor helpful. To each his own, but when someone is just full of them self it turns me off completely. For me, a more humble and honest demeanor speaks volumes and gets my attention. Just be yourself, and not like the late Robin Williams, or Johnny Carson.   Thumbs down on this dude's vid.
You remind me of Nick Zametti on YouTube, not sure if I spelled his name right!
Well done video! Very informative, lots of good information and fun to watch.  Awesome!
do not touch wet concrete with bare hands or if you do wash them right away, the acid in it will eat your flesh, you will find out the next day
Should have laid down a tarpaulin to pick up the mortar scraps.  The danger of mortar chips being thrown by the mower, or even kids running barefoot across one of those shards...
I've started mine, it will be 25"x8' for my kitchen with sink cut out. Hauling and cutting the 4x8 melamine was the first challenge (The stuff is heavy and I don't have a truck or table saw and I didn't trust them to cut it), but I'm half way there. Had to hunt down the flow control at a depot that was further away, apparently the stuff is like gold and always sold out. Thanks for this tutorial and the second one as well!
great vid superb vid editing and great product
Great vid!  Very informative.  I’ve thought about doing concrete tops in my kitchen.  Does a guy have to reinforce the existing cabinets to support the tops?
First video??? Man, you'll have your own show on a diy channel very soon. Great presentation skills, very relatable, you have what it takes. Hello to the next diy star!
Cool entertaining video Sir.  I think I will build me some concrete countertops for the tiny home I just constructed after watching this.  You were to the point, hilarious, and very informative.  Keep up the good work.  10star rating.
Oh no!!! Why wasn't this recommended a week ago, YouTube???? I would've kept my mom from buying a new countertop, and made one at home!!!!!!
What type of mortar did you use was it strait mortar or how much sand.???
What do i think?  I think its ok.  The compass design looks sloppy tho imho.
Great video man!  When I first came across it I was like 20 minutes?! how much fast forwarding am I going to have to do....It was so entertaining to watch before I knew it it was over and then I saw the fire pit ring and knew what my next project was going to be.
I'm going to do this! You're so cute by the way! ❤ Marry me PLEASE 😂😂😂
Excellent! Entertaining and Informative! 5 star! You should be on HGTV!
I'm going to do this very cool but what stops it from cracking..I want to use an old tree stump for the base can it be left outside? I'm in South Carolina not likely to freeze.
When I saw the N-S compass template I had my doubts (can you really trust your hand to create permanent artwork?). But I thought it turned out really really well, including the rough edges chipped off with your miner's hammer. You've got a nice relaxed can-do style to your video. A project with too much serious prep, or zero tolerance for any mistakes, isn't something I'd get too excited about.
Brother I have to say that you did mighty fine work there. I was impressed with your knowledge and work. Keep it up !
Very Good Editing! Cool! Thank you!
I DO have a mountain of pallets next to my shed.lol
THANKS A MILL!! Been trying to make stepping stones that are smooth enough to paint on and still durable and this works like a charm!!! Sooo smooth and pretty!!
You. Awesome. Thank you!
Great video  My son and I loved it!  Thank you
Great video but can you cut the music plz ?
great video, terrible & loud music. a YT tradition
Wicked first video!  Gonna give this table a whirl.
Ive been looking into a few different DIY projects using different concretes, ive never made anything of the sort. This was a phenomenal help.   I certainly hope you continue :)
That's not a concrete countertop - it's a cement countertop.  It's going to fall apart in no time
Great enthusiasm -- had me thinking this was your 100th video at the least -- you got a sub :D
Good stuff buddy 🤙🤙🤙🤙
Awesome job, table top and vid.
Ok, so I just have to say love the DIY counter top. The way you delivered it was funny.  Please have more videos.
That was fantastic!  Lively and entertaining and engaging.  Can't wait to see more.
I loved it. Truly cool.
Great video!
Can you tell me the dimensions of that table?  Looks like maybe 30”x48”?  Just for an idea of what 2 bags will fill at that depth...
Friggin love it!!!
You're awesome.
Dude, holy crap, this was awesome!!
Fantastic video! We should get you a show on TV!  Thanks.
awesome technique! Thanks for sharing!
@michael builds I am doing several home DIY things from complete bathroom to kitchen and flooring. I am gonna need more videos from you. I have watched well over 300 videos and the whole time watching yours, all i did was laugh. Thank you. But seriously, the people need more.  Skills if you have them: Tiling floors  Tiling back splash Tiling shower stalls Building cabinets Painting a house  Building shutters I could go on. Farmhouse coming soon. Lol
THIS IS THE TRUTH!!! AWESOMENESS
Good job enjoyed your energy
That is awesome, I want to try to make something like this for my house.
Looks like a great base for my Pizza oven ;-) Thx!
Very nice, awesome video you're a natural for shore  And I hate to complain music is overbearing and i can't hear you talk i want to hear you not some loud music i know sometimes in editing we hear something different  than you hear i can't wait to see your next video.  Thanks again
mind blown, looks like i came in just in time,i never subscribed to a channel w/two videos, no catching up
Wow! Great Video, I have been meaning to fix a concrete garden bench that the seat broke on 2 years ago. This gave me everything I need to know to make that happen. Thank you
Title should say 25+ hours - one for the concrete work, 24 for the silicone to cure, and a little time to make the form. I dig it though!
Wow! Love it! Thanks, I think I’ll try it for a patio table!  Hold out for the BIG BUCKS when DIY starts calling!
Man I wished I'd seen this video about 7 years ago.  I tried to pour a counter top in place and that was a nightmare.  This one I'm trying for sure, thanks!!!
I've watched a lot of videos of people making concrete countertops you make it look easy. how about making concrete countertops for kitchens and what would you use to seal a kitchen countertop?
Great job! The music was the only drawback though. It was hard to regulate the volume with the remote. Too low and you were hard to hear. Regular volume and the music was super loud. Otherwise, great job! Looking forward to your other vids!
Amigo você é um excelente  profissional!  Obrigado por compartilhar seus conhecimentos.
Oh yeah, excited for this channel. Great first video. Would loved to have seen your cousin’s reaction to this awesome coffee table. About to binge watch your other vids.
This was your FIRST video?! I can't wait to see your videos when you 'get better at it'!
Ough a contractor ...  and an artist
Awesomeness abound... NOW go make a stoop for your shed
The music will make you deaf! Up and down! With an earphone on you will incur serious damage! I am not exaggerating
Nice video but I'll kiss your ass if you done this in an hour. Hell the silicone alone took 24hrs to set up. Should've just labeled it "easy concrete table"
AWESOME JOB MAN!!! GREAT VIDEO!!!
Good job..make more vids..your a natural at it.
Lovin it! Thanks for teaching me :-)
Great showmanship, entertaining and easy to follow instructions. But dissing alternatives such as the use pour in place. Since its to messy and requires more skill troweling.  But didnt you say something to the affect, that perfection add character? Wha if want faux finish using stamped forms instead of trowel. And DIY is not DIPF--plus friends. So large Concrete CounterTop its not even and option doing it ur way. Plus your making a table top not CounterTop and using Mortar Mix not Concrete. So u gave us useful info but its far from the only or best option for all DIY countertop project.   So keep the entertainment value but pls be more objectives about alternatives methods to increase its educational value.
Awesome video mano. Very entertaining and informational.  Thanks bud.
Love, love, loved your vid & you too!!! You did a great job!!!
Hey Michael! good stuff on this video. I could use a hand with a how to make a cement planter box that's 6 feet x 1 feet x 1.5 did some tryouts but... there's a lot to learn I guess.. thx A
Great video and interesting take on this by using mortar mix for a quick cure. I'm assuming you can add concrete dye to mortar mix just like with concrete if you want to darken it up. Only suggestion I'll add is don't glue your top onto your base. These things are HEAVY and it's a lot more convenient down the road if you can separate the top from the base. I got my top perfectly square on my base then glued 4 wood blocks to the underside of the concrete, pressed against the base supports at the corners. You can't see them unless you lay under the table and look up but I still stained them to match the base. Leave a small gap, 1/16th or less between the blocks and the base. For the top to move in any direction you have to lift it over these 4 key blocks and there's no way it's going to get lifted that much by accident with as much as it weighs. If you need to move it though I can easily lift the top straight off, set it aside, put the base where you want it and then set the top back on it. Far less likely to damage something moving it in two pieces like than than trying to move the heavy top with the base glued on permanently.
My youtuber daughter holyfitwomen said your awesome!
You just inspired me to make my own kitchen counter!
You are a natural. hope you get a million subs.
that is awesome. informed and entertaining
Great video!  I subbed.
Great editing
Well done man! That was a great first video... entertaining and helpful with learning a quick and easy project that looks amazing. I’m subscribing for sure! Oh, and love the touch of Detroit Pride... let’s get a Lions or Wings bucket for the next one???
Really considering this as my next project. But would love to see how you did the round curved design around the tree, or if you could make a video around concrete fire pits! Thanks again for the awesome videos.
Awesome!! Great job and thanks for all the details.
Definitely would like to see more vids from you...Getting ready to build my house and outdoor areas so need more easy dyi ideas and you look like the Go To Guy we need !!!
looks like you have a new career with videos and you tube grate job  sgt. Smith USMC..
Thanks! Im inspired! Will be doing this.
12:24 pro tip here
100% great brico-man. 100% great film director. congrats!
Don’t be fooled folks, you can’t make a concrete counter top in 1 hour. I see you Michael…  The project started with a trip to Home Depot (30 mins), building the frame (1 hr if you already have the melamine lying around your shop and you are a really fast and experienced carpenter).   Then you gotta caulk the frame, spray it with window cleaner (15 mins), and then wait until tomorrow (this is really a 2 day project) before you set up and level your frame outdoors and spray it with WD40 (:30 mins if you’re lucky). Then cut a stencil out of a sheet of paper (1 hr, if you’re lucky) and on and on it goes.   I’m so embarrassed right now that I fell for the click bait title but in my defence, Michael is a very talented guy and the background music temporarily dulled my brain. Until I heard the dog bark halfway through the video and then I suddenly snapped out of it. Another reason to love dogs.    So please don’t fool me again Michael with your click bait titles even though I’m still gonna watch all your videos moving forward. You got 1.4 million views in less than 4 months from your start-up on YouTube. Holy shit man, you’re amazin’!   Rest assured, I won’t ever comment like this on any future video you make Michael, unless it really amuses me. Love only my brother, you are very special indeed so go get ‘em…
Man I thought  you been doing YouTube for years the way your video looks. Love it. Keep it up
Correct me if I am wrong but concrete is porous meaning it will absorb water and moisture. If this is a coffee table or counter top shouldn't you seal it some way to insure it stays nice for the life of it? That way it doesn't absorb unwanted staining and/or odors? It looks great I might have to make one some day.
Great job on the b-ball.....very impressive overall presentation.
Hey just wondering about the lacquer, would you use the same stuff used on concrete to seal this? Seriously considering this now for my outdoor kitchen instead of concrete. Great Video by the way!
Great video, I think it had about 6 Minutes of too much fluff but hey that's just me XD
WOW!!!  Great Video..  You sir are talented at communication and teaching..  Thank you...  Subscribed!!
Great video!  I am going to try it out.
Love your project we'd love to see you do a shower floor pan and a bathroom your really good with concrete and we'd love to see someone do it easy?
WOW your AWSOME. More please😀👍
Very cool guy who is a true artist
Great job & thank you !
Over 1 million views for your first video. Wow. Great way to do the top too!
This was awesome! I could easily follow this. I subscribed to your channel. Please make more videos! Thanks btw for making this one.
@Michael Builds Have you every tinted the concrete, or added sea glass or other items to jazz it up?
how did you stop the grout from moving when you poured the mortar in?
Super job!  Would have bet you were a video veteran.  Loved the ideas.
Mikey! Awesome job man! How would this stand up to weather? Was thinking about doing some outdoor tile this way...
If we wanted to add stuff to the concrete for example gun shells (want to make a counter top for our shooting range) would we just lay them in the bottom before pouring the concrete and is there any extra steps we would have to do if we are adding stuff to the concrete?
Wow!  I am making a concrete countertop!  Great video!
Nice video on this topic.  Thanks for sharing your process!
You should have your own show.
Awesome,  Love your Channel! Happy I found You! Keep them coming! : )
Excellent first video!! Very much want to try this. You already know your talented I’m a subscriber, show me more!  Thank you for sharing!
Great video
If you were going to have a 6" to 10"' overhang, would you use rebar?
Great video, incredible for a 1st video!!!  Love the information and ideas, I'm looking forward to watching your other videos
Beautiful work, You make it look so easy! Very impressive video skills! You kept my attention the entire time and made me laugh.  My husband and I  having been looking for an easy way to do this. Thank you so much!
Beautifully done!
My next project coming up! Thank you.
all good just music so loud  man  beter if no music at all
Thanks for the info. Just a few comments: 1) if i was doing this and using 2  buckets as a workbench i am pretty sure one of those buckets would sink into the grass...upsetting the 'level' 2) i would use a cold chisel and a hammer for the live edge....better control no? 3) very cool video...educational
oh hi me again do you know of a way to change the color
love it thank you
idk why but i got excited when you went on depot run, lol.... I smoked a fatty before, idk how i got here but i plan on doing this. But will it work in a L shape?
First Video!!! You're a natural talent, that was awesome... I needed that tip & you just gave me confidence for my future project. Thanks :)
Excellent, excellent video. Great things coming the way of this channel. Thank you!!!!
Hey Fella,  Really great first video. It’s like you have been doing this for years. You really are tv material, it would be great for a talent scout to find you. Well done mate, here’s to many more videos of how to. You hide your nervousness well, really couldn’t tell.
The internet isn't worthy of your creations.
Instant suscription!
Good project, I'm gonna make one for an outdoor picnic table.  Tip:  less frustrated actor time.
Did he like the concrete heart you made for him?
cool vid. could've done in half the time if you cut out some slack. keep it up
I’d love this video if I wasn’t fighting that YouTube stick music shit to hear the voice.
What if u don't have malmine? 😥
THIS IS FRICKEN AMAZING! LOVE IT!
Hey buddy love that table and I am about to build one that's right you gave me the exact type of table to put out in my gazebo. Doing a whole diy project out there great stuff looking forward to what next you bring to the table .lol
Great video.  I have no need but I want to make one of these.  Liked the design with the template.  Amazed at 1.1 million views under 3 months.
That was kick ass tips advice ,finished product .
Awesome vid and great editing. question how much did this weight near the end?
Excellent video. How do you stop the stencil grout powder from being washed away as you pour the concrete?
You look to be about 185
Love love love love love it !!! Need more.😀
Why must your face by so close to the screen...  Bob Ross never got that close.   Very nice job on the final coffee table!
Dose it got to be mortar mix ?
Omg. So Happy exactly what I was looking for, Amazing an doable.  Thank U great Video too, Great Instructions.
Kick ass brother!!! Thank you for the tutorials!!!
awesome video dude....
You are a artist , creator maker stuff concrete guy . Make more videos learned some good lessons .
30 minutes to make the mold my nuts, it took 24 hours for the mold, remember the caulking?
Awesome!
Great video! I hope you do more. I want to make this for my daughter.
I really don't understand why there are so many dislikes
Bad ass! Yes give us more please.
Amazing, great info, fun and great personality, thanks alot
Editing was awesome! Surprised at the end it was a first video.
Freekin GREAT video !!!!
Great job going to make one of these #WorldsOkayestFarmer
Awesome, for sure and a definate will do, however I gotta tell ya, why do people that do presentations think that it is necessary to wake up  an entire house with the lethal volume of extreme trebly background music, the volume button is permanently fixed to my fingers.  Great vid otherwise 😊
Awesome job, very impressed and yes I subscribed.
Great vid! How do these hold up to the extremities compared to a regular concrete table? Would it be worth putting a lacquer or something to weatherproof it? Thanks and keep running with your vids! It seems you've got the right stuff!
Fantastic! Excellent tips! Couldn’t be presented in a more pleasant way ! But... If you would just put the volume of the music to a lower level than your voice, it would be perfect ! KoT
Auténtico  !
Your video was good but your background music is too loud, makes it hard to hear what you are saying.
You can make that bottom wood part look nice by hitting the edges with a dark gray spray paint. Even spray paint the boards a lighter gray first. I've had better luck using spray paint on pallet furniture.
What could you possibly not like about this video? Amazing!
For first video, well done my friend, well done.
where were you when I made my top last year...........I bought rubber moulding strips to create the Live edge         Dam......thanks  very well done....
Nice! I subscribed for future projects, well done!!
Video is awesome, choice of music is horrendous
You forgot the 24hs wait of the silicon.   :P
So is it easy to chip once it's fully cured?  Just curious how careful you have to be with it.
Great techniques being employed here I never would have thought of or seen anyone else do.
Awesome!!!    Thanks for the great content
Great video. Will this method work for a conference room table as big as 3x6 or even 3x8?
WOW... this is one of the best videos I have seen on YouTube! You made it very informative and instructive while keeping me engaged. I love your cinematography also, great work on  shots and angles.... my jaw literally dropped when you said it was the first video you made. Can't wait to make a counter top using your method. THANK YOU!
1st video?  You RULE!  Thank you!
had to turn this off 2 minutes in. seems like a solid tutorial, i just can't do this background music...
Spring is here and I want to play with concrete!  Please show us your mold making techniques.
To bad i didn't see this before my 3 failed attempts. I'll start a 4th this weekend. Im in the saint clair mi area if you want to lend a hand.
Excellent video great information thank you
Great video, I love the way the color changes slightly from one bag to the other giving the top a more natural look
Why silicone if you hamered it??
Excellent...loved the table and your presentation skills are great . Thanks
How do you put a hole in the concrete for bathroom sink. Before it sets? How do you make the bowl for it? What would you suggest I use to make the bowl
New Subscriber here. Great Job. I really loved how easy you made it look. Gonna have to give this a try here soon.
great video and cute dimples
The compass accent looks great. Thanks for sharing. Great video
AWESOME!!! Thank you for these tips. I want to make an outdoor island for the BBQ area and a n outdoor table top.
Great job on your video. Gives me confidence to do it myself.
cool , i subscribed . i've made a lot of stuff with pallets , really like that you don't go for finely finished , i really like the natural mostly rough stuff also . although i do typically pressure wash my pallet projects and don't use real rough ones . keep up the great work ! :)   https://www.facebook.com/Jeffs-Pallet-Projects-1872691812946160/?ref=bookmarks
Love it!
beautiful table thank you for sharing your creations many blessings for you and your family
I love how enthusiastic you are about your work. It's an inspiration. Thank you for the great video!
Love it!!
Why does your top look less brown/tan than mine?  Is it the editing?
Absolutely one of the best How-To videos I've ever seen. Can't believe it's your first. Awesome job! I'm definitely gonna tackle this project using your techniques. Thanks, Michael Builds.
Michael, first video? You are a future YouTube star. You Got This.
BEST diy video and talent I've ever seen!
Awesome video Mike. Have you used any colour agents or staining / sealing? Can you post a video showing the steps on how to do that? Thanks
I came on looking for a music video and urs popped up as a suggestion. I am so glad it did. You are entertaining and informative and I hope the DIY network or some other entity sees it and recognizes your talent. I just might pour the first concrete of my life....
As I turn my YouTube on, your video showed in the maybe you may like this. I was like, OK so another video of look at me what I can do crap. To my amazement, the further I went into the video, for some reason I wanted to keep watching it more. You have a natural ability to keep people engage in what you were showing.  Thanks so much for such great video and the tips along the way. God bless you and can't wait to see more videos from you.
Awesome
Heck ya you rock at this ! Keep it up
this is by far the BEST video on this subject EVER. thank you. question??? can concrete color be added to the mix??
OMG your 1st?  Shut up!!!  Wow u r awesome!! Will u marri me??
I love this video, I’ve subscribed, please keep the videos coming.
Wow!
Dude.....I'm a 30 year veteran as a carpenter.  This was completely awesome,  as I'm getting ready to remodel my kitchen.  Guess what kind of counter tops I'm doin?........any guesses?
Just saw your video really enjoyed watching your video and I’m good in working with concrete been installing tile for 27 years really like this build thanks for sharing new subscriber
Holy shite bro, your first vid? Freakin natural
Awesome first video!!! You should definitely keep it up, thanks.
"Mom"? are you watching cat video's again?" …."No Son, I am learning how to make Concrete Counter tops, go back to your gaming"...
great video!
WHAT! FIRST VIDEO?! Dude, you rock!  But I almost choked on my Dr. Pepper when you started chipping that tops edge :-s   Keep dropping these awesome videos - I'm subscribing
Sir, you need your own DIY show!  Thanks for taking the time to make it informative, great quality and FUN; can't wait to try my out door kitchen bar top, thanks again!
Question…. The Rapid Set Mortar mix is too grey for my table top project. I need it to be white, like Portland cement. Can you make a video or give advice for how to do a similar project with white cement? Would you pigment the Rapid Set mortar mix, or would you go with another brand/type?
Awesome video! I know who is making my outdoor grill station....me!
This is PERFECT! Loved every second! Love your style...I’m totally inspired!
Is there anything besides the grout that can be used?
Incredible, I have to try this. What was the dimensions on that top? How much does it weigh? Do you just use width x height x depth to figure the number of bags?
Great job, what is the dimension of your table?
Thank you for your videos, this made concrete counter tops a possibility, especially the under mount sink hack, may not add grout for detail but I can see my Kitchen coming together now, biggest expense was counter tops out side of the flooring. Any cheap tricks there? LOL
Great video.  Would you recommend  adding Rebar reinforcement for a countertop over 8 feet long? Keep up the great work.
What if you wanted the concrete to be other colors like black or brown?
Out of all the videos that I've seen this has been the most informative and entertaining so far
Did anyone do this and how has it held up as a counter since?
Well done video, great tips. A bit more than one hour project, though.
Michael, I confess I wasn't looking for you when I found you. Someone slapped you up onto a boring politiyak forum I was perusing. I don't click vids often but I says..ok, I'll bite. Never even thought of a concrete counter top before. I watched EVERY second of it. (1.048580 views plus me!)  If this is your first vid I can't imagine how you're 10th will be when you get a little experience. (I second the comment below this one "First video? WTF? Dude this was awesome."  Ha. Maybe a concrete Mars rocket next. Wow!!! Monstrous!!!! I'm sending you rat on down the line to a friend of mine. NEAT!!! Congrats!
This really is a terrific video! You make it look easier than it is but I'm giving it a try.
Great job. Thoroughly enjoyed your tutorial. It was informative and engaging.  YOU GOT DA KNACK DUDE!!! Subscribed and looking forward to more.
Have you ever added a pigment to the concrete for some color?
holy crap dude, you've already hit over a million views!!! That's awesome!
Great video but the music was killing me. I had my earphones in And the volume kept going up and down
I keep watching this one video. you are great.
How do you make the grout stay there when you pour the rapid set? how come the grout doesn't move when you're pouring over top of it
Why did you seal the mold corners if the edges do not remain true to mold?  Possibly for removal purposes?
Informative and entertaining, well done!👌
Great video!  not sure I'm ready to make a counter top yet but... Im going to try a small table top!
The music drove me crazy.  Next time figure something else out.
very cool Michael I will definently have to do this I mess with pallets all the time also they are free and easily available
My friend congratulate you, besides having a very good technique you explain very well and very simply, thank you
Awesome project! How long curing time till its ready for epoxy? Thanks again and great job
Use two hammers or an one inch thick chisel with a hammer on a flat surface for your rocky side face! :)
another random question:  how long have these things lasted without any rebar / reinforcement? any cracking?  can i add pigment to these mortars?
First video😲 I've poured concrete since the 70's and that was amazing.
Best DIY Ive seen in years Mike! I think I’ll do this project after watching you.
I found the music rather annoying but great info!
Great video Loved the tips, I would like to see you so the bowl sink, i've wanted to do this for awhile now.
Dude awesome video
Nice job on  both the top and the video you made it look so easy and you explained it so well watched a video on making a fast cheap pizza oven an now I'm gonna incorporate your counter top to be continued
EYES GOTS BOMBS IN MY PANTIES!
Skilzz !!   wow
you da man!! 🙌🏼 good job
Is it truly that simple, or you have YEARS of working with concrete? You made it look so simple, but minus the 'duh' factor, is it this simple for beginners?
If you want a uniform look, make sure the proportions of water and cement are the same every time.  Otherwise it will dry lighter or darker depending on water ratio
That was really cool.  I loved it.  You just gave me an idea for an outdoor fish cleaning table.
No steel mesh?
loved it  thanks for showing us
Mold making. Yes
Can the mold be reused?
cut the background music.
Nice video and good content, but I had to ride my volume control the whole time. I don't know why your volume is all over the place, but you should look into audio mastering techniques. I'd probably manually do some clip levelling and put a compressor on the output. You could use a ducker (compressor with a side chain) to lower the level of the music while talking. Just subtle, you don't want people to notice that it's happening. It would use the voice signal to automatically engage a compressor on the music channel. Do the levelling on both the music and narration channels separately first. Some clips might need a little EQ to match the others, but your EQ seems fine overall.
Amazing
You are a YouTube natural!  Keep building and showing us how you did it.  I'm subscribed. Loved this one.  The table base.......not so much.
Really entertaining video.  Thank you.
DIY, Build  talent AND Camera, Editing, Story Telling skills? You are my hero!
Future home show TV Star right here folks. I’ll say it first.   I’m very impressed. Entertaining and well done. Thank you for  this.
How can i make that into a food grade table
back in the 50s used to cast 6" thick cold slabs in the larder. was left for a week to cure with shuttering still in place. motor oil/axle grease was the release agent.
dude, this video is awesome, and you've convinced me i'll be able to do this myself (with some help moving it obviously).  thank you!!!!!!!!!
Great video Sir! Bravo and thank you!!
You. Are. Amazing. And. Funny. Are you God O_o?
Most annoying music Ive ever heard. So many people do it & Ive had enough.
What was the dimensions of the coffee table? Thanks
Informative and entertaining! Great job!
Sweet!
Looks great. Definitely saving your video to try it
Dude fricking cool! Can't wait to see more.
Good job, music is annoying af.
We poured a bathroom vanity following your video. It turned out great!! The only problem is finding a stain to work on the mortor mix. We've tried a water based acid, no luck, wood stain that turned to a dust after 24 hours, and we don't know what to try next. Luckily they were tried on a sample, but I'm out of samples. Any suggestions?? Thanks.
An absolutely awesome video - you're a natural in front of the camera.
This is GREAT!!! Thank you!! Plus your cute!!! ;)
Subscribed, liked, followed on Twittagramabook! Deeeeeetroit! Heeey! Let's build some isht!
You must make a diy wood fire pizza oven!! You are right I’ve watched 100 countertop videos and yours was the best... now do the same for a concrete wood fired pizza oven!!
great video! entertaining as well as informative. truly excellent for a first time.
Except for that blue bucket v
I am female and from watching your video, I am sure I could do that.  And I loved your video💚
Great job!!
Quality video and craftsmanship
Excellent video. Informative. Entertaining. Well produced. Keep 'em coming!
Keep making videos Mike!  Great stuff and you are hysterical!
Awesome vid! I adore your sense of humor!!
Love it and you are helpful and entertaining.
Art. First video. Wow
You are a genius. I am just wondering what software you use to edit the video.
Thank you for taking the time to put very good information out there. Ive been a carpenter/mason/tile/yeah for about 28 years. One of the best finds I have had in the past decade is the Rapid-Set product line.  I use both the Mortar Mix and Cement All very often and havent had any call backs, or unhappy customers. The Flow Control and Set Control are great additives depending on each application. You should submit your video to Rapid-Set :)    For those who dont know, when it sets, it sets, lol Mike said it right "It's Gooooo time"   Thanks again :
I would like to know how you made the half sphere.  I would like to make 2 half spheres and join them together into a whole sphere or ball.  Can you help?
Great job man!
Super cool.  Well done.
Great Vid Fam
That was very cool. Your channel has blown up if this was your first video 4 months ago. Great screen presence as well. I enjoyed watching. Good Luck.
I'm loving your stuff.  Anxiously waiting for some advance mold videos.  Maybe a concrete sink mold integrated with the countertop, I'm interested to see how rapidset will work on sink mold part.
Very cool 👍
1 million views!! Congrats!
Too much talking and bad jokes instead of explaining techniques.
Great video, I really enjoyed it. I use Rapid Set products all the time in my business. My channel talks about concrete countertops also. Great job!
Need to know name of  that powder substance to make the cement mixture  looks like peanut butter 😂...great job , well received .....thanks
Agree with the comment re “how the hell is this ur first video?”  Great tips that I’ve never seen before (chipped edge, caulking with foam window cleaner, and flow control stuff). Your attention to detail is amazing in your products and video production.  Thanks for the time/efforts given to strangers like me!
Awesome video.  I'm definitely making a few of those this spring.    I was really curious about your shed too.  I was thinking about moving my tools to a shed and out of the basement.  Does anything rust out there.  Do you use a dehumidifier or leave heat running?
good job i hate most vids i watched the whole thing.  really thanks.
Best how to I've ever watched.
Awesome video- really well produced and I love the music. Thanks!
Dude! Absolutely amazing!  you just got a star on your man card!
Definitely a YouTube star in the making! Great vid and really well done on the editing brother 👌🏽.   Also, I’m going to be building a waterfall edge concrete table, potentially next week. It’s 11 ft long by 4.5 ft wide. Any tips!?
I liked your video very much!
I’ll be building a pallet bar soon and will definitely be using this technique!
Awesome job
THANK FOR INFO!!!! I AM LOOKING FOR A CONSISTENT FLOW IN CONCRETE POUR; WITHOUT SPENDING A LOT OF MONEY TO GET THE JOB DONE TOO STRENGTH.
nice video,  Beautiful cinematography.  I like the host.   Adding the design on the countertop....nice touch  awesome gift handmade on the cheap for a good friend!
Wow, awesome!!!
Do a shower pan.
Is this practical for a general purpose workbench in a shop? Or should I stick with wood..
love it.  Great video from instructional to fun to watch.  More, please.
great video this bad boy
I loved this. Makes me wanna try it. Thanks.
very nice     how do I seal it to makeit dauable  thanks
OMG!!  I'm doing it !   This was THE BEST ever!  I'm a 66 y/o grandmother and I AM going to be making my countertops now.. You rock!
Very Cool!
How do you know how much concrete you will need? How do you do an entire u shaped kitchen?
ok so I did the same thing using the same mix but my top is gray? in the video yours came out of the form white???? why???
wow first video,  would love to see how to do this for a long counter top with sink.
Cool.
LOVED THIS! You are awesome! Thank you!
Amazing
Excellent vid, I wish I had watched this one first before wasting my time on the other dozen DIY concrete countertop vids. This method is not only a time saver, it costs WAY less for tools and materials. The design using grout is a bonus, and incredibly easy to do. You not only get a thumbs up, you have a subscriber.
Thanks for posting this, I was working with gfrc concrete. and it does take forever to cure and cost way to much.  After doing 2 projects, I had enough of concrete countertops. I really wanted to use concrete because of all the custom details you can do vs granite.Stoked to give it another try using your method.
Great Job Man!!!
Best first video ever# subscribe, love your flare, video editing and over all, your attitude towards the whole thing!!!  #Isubscribed
Dude why you make it LOOK soooooooooooooooooo EASY! You will be putting a lot of companies that charge in the €€€€'s for a slap like that. Your video was really good and enjoyable. Ps ..........love those slow camera shots. lol
This is a great video!! I'm doing something very similar to this and I will follow your method exactly! I do have one question though that you may be able to answer; is the rapid set mortar mix good for use around fireplaces? I'm building a hearth and I want to make sure it will stand up to the heat of a wood burning fire. Thanks for putting the video together!!
Awesome video!!! Awesome dimples!!!
Excellent video! I have been nodding off during other concrete mold videos- which had WAY too many extra tools involved. THANK you for making it look so easy, while keeping it fun. Look forward to seeing more!
Do you think i could use this method in a 8ft x 30 in table?
Does the counter need to be sealed ?
First video? Wow that was amazing, definitely subscribed
Thanks for this video.  I currently need it for a different application, but it looks like that Mortar Mix will be perfect.
SWEET!!! Subbed ya!
This is the BEST DIY vid on concrete countertops EVER!! Thank you for posting!!
Fantastic tutorial!! On my way to the Depot for some rapid set. Glad to have found you.
Awesome job on your first video!  And, excellent info on streamlining the concrete countertop process.  I did mine own as well, but it was much more involved! Thanks for the info.
Thanks for sharing Michael. Now I know what to use for an old metal table base I salvaged. Great Video
Awesome. I will follow your lead and do this thing. You have what it takes to do this sort of thing. You should keep pushing and doing your thing it will serve you well.
I love concrete countertops and hope to convince my husband they are a viable option. Thanks for the video, hopefully it will help nudge him in that direction. :-) Other than the music (I had to keep on top of the volume button) this was great! I look forward to seeing what else you come up with.
Too cheesy for me. The irritating antics are stupid.
Wife: Why did you put $200 on the Home Depot card?!?!   Me: **points to pretty concrete table outside she has wanted for years, not mentioning the $100 in new tools** Wife: Kids go play ...You....bedroom...now! #DadWinning
best first video EVER! Just excellent all around.
In the process of re-vamping a kitchen and this really inspires me! Need a flat wirable, leachable shiny finish though. Any tips on how I could achieve that? Great Vid btw and good succinct delivery.
awesome
I hope you have thousands of subscribers, I really like you! The video came out awesome and I like that you chose a project that might seem very intimidating and made it look so easy! Wish you the best! You have a fan!
Informative and comedic. I cuss when I'm excited too, I understand.  Great video, thank you and I'm subscribed so I don't miss anything. It turned out great.
Generally good video. I will point out, though, that concrete generally cracks in tension, not compression. So, the fact that it develops a 6500 psi compressive strength does imply that no reinforcement is needed. It may be true that no reinforcement is needed. But, if so, it would be because the amount of tensile force acting on either the bottom or the top of the slab does not exceed the tensile strength of that surface, after the slab has been installed.
Love it but why didn't the grout smear when you poured concrete on it did you do anything after you poured grout on stencil
Good video,  really enjoyed it,  you have a talent for this.
Good job man, how thick you made it again?  I must of missed it.
The perfect next door neighbor! Now to only find out where he lives?
Great video... awesome information.
DUDE THIS IS YOUR FIRST VIDEO!?! WTF SICK! SUBBED AND LIKED
What can you seal this with?  Awesome video, awesome work.
Could i do this on my ugly existing countertop? If so, how would I go about doing the veining stage? Thanks
Awesome  video. It turned out fantastic.  What are the dimension of the table?
Ohhh - it was doing so well, right up until that automatic transmission.... ;-)
way too wet, if you want a counter top that lasts years you need to do a dry pack
I would like to see a video on mold making for other forms than just the rectangular mold.
Love the Detroit Bucket❤
Hey this was Awesome 👏 bravo.  ! so wanna try this but afraid I have No skills but you have make it easy is Pie. I just subscribed. Thanks for posting .
Right on!  We share the same favorite screw!  Screw brothers!
What kinda price does that mold material run?
Here’s the problem: unless you have a concrete mixer, this shit sets up before you can get it mixed with a drill and the concrete mixing bit. You just end up with fucking rocks in a bucket before you can even get the shit mixed thoroughly. Please consider advising people to also use the rapid set “slow this shit the fuck down” admixture in addition to the flow control. That way you might end up with fewer pissed off viewers like myself who tried your method and just ended up with a bucket full of concrete rock, a useless mold, and a fucking backache.
You killed it, the clip was not just informative but fun! I like the way you explained things so all can understand, I'm close to redoing my kitchen and I like the Industrial look, I was back and fourth with Butcher block or counter tops.. after seen this, I hav more motivation to go with counter tops. Thanks for the education Michael @Michaelbuilds.
Truly wonderful video to watch brother!! I want to do either a concrete or tiled countertop!
Great Job!!!!!!!
That's a hell of a talent .That concrete work would look great as countertops for my kitchen and baths,lol.Like the nautical touch👍.God bless,Thanks ill save this video.😎✌
🤯🤯🤯 You've totally inspired me bud 🤯🤯🤯 This summer will see the garden transform with a garden kitchen with BBQ and domed pizza oven. Any chance you can work your magic and do a video on building that oven?? I'd love your input and advice!
Wow I thought you were lying that is was your first video! That was awesome and I must do! Looks amazing!
The video was great! The only thing that was distracting was the music. At times it was louder than you were. So you had to strain to hear what you were saying. Other than that it was entertaining and informative! Thanks Michael! :)
Just what I needed to see!  Who needs granite?  Thanks man
Looks like the production of the video itself took longer than the project!  Nicely done, sir!
Wow, very nice. Now I have to make one or two or more for gifts.
Great vid despite the EDM. STOP THE electronic dance music aaaaaagghhhhhhh!
Aside from setting fence posts and such, I have very little concrete experience.  Your video makes this project seem very do-able.  I would love to have a table like that outside near my BBQ cookers!  As Spring approaches, I think I may give this a try.  Thanks for uploading it.  On a different note, you said this was your first video?  As of today, March 11, 2019, you have 53k subs!  I think you're setting some kind of YouTube record!  Good for you!  Keep it up!
Great video. I'd be willing to try this on my kitchen countertops but how would you attach it? Adhesive? Screws? Both? Also, what would you recommend to clear coat it? Thanks!!
an I keep for getting the AMERICAN FLAG FLYING super cool need to have that in every video
I see that guitar body template on that wall.....we share similar sicknesses
Are you from the Detroit area? If so that’s awesome I am too. I’m building a 2x5 concrete coffee table for my new apartment using this technique
fantastic, Michael......I too have been overwhelmed with which method to follow.  Yours is perfect and you are, well, goofy.  love it!
Love how u broke it down. Nice work
Stumbled upon this video and this is something I definitely want to do in the coming months. You actually caught me off guard by the fact this was your first video, I was over here thinking like this dudes got skills and is extremely interactive must've been doing this awhile. Can't wait to see what else you bring to the table will definitely be checking out your channel often.
I only use spax brand screws now.... cost a bit more but I have probably gone through 300 dollars worth with home and farm projects and have yet to have one mess up or strip out on me. They are worth the price difference!
Subscribed!!!!!!!!!! Thank you for this video. I can't wait to make my first top. On another note the quality and the way the production of this video was done is PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!! KEEP GOING Upward and Onward!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is the mold reusable as many times as you want by wiping it off and respraying with the WD40?   Would it help to make the sides slightly flaring out instead of vertical to help with the release, if it's going to be reused multiple times?
Im so glad I came across your video. Great job on all of it. I/we wanted concrete countertops......... now its gonna happen.
Best vid I've seen in awhile. Instant subscribed. Now I understands why rapid set is worth it's cost over redimix in some applications.
Enjoyed
wow! amazing! perfect! excellent video!
Freaking awesome. Loved the work and the show. Hope you make many more
Can you make a concrete fire pit table 🙏🏽, I’m gonna try and use the concept you use on the counter top
I need to improve my technique on the veins.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoHwkjdYpY4
Ya man you are the ONLY ONE I subscribe to, and because of your vid I’m getting ready to make a concrete table for my backyard renovation. Make more !!
awesome video!!  and great idea!!
Excellent! But please turn down the music. It drowns you out and is way too loud when you not talking.
Awesome job!
Michael, this was amazing! First video??? Seems like you have a production crew on hand! Amazing work mate! Subscribed right away.
very cool build cant wait to see some more projects i cant believe you already have over 53k subscribers congrats and good luck!!
Why the over loud music? It keeps overpowering your voice.
That was a spectacular watch. I am going to make a shooting bench to replace my old one this spring. This is what I needed to see. Thanks for such an inspiring video .Great Work my friend
I don't have Facebook...I'm screwed...I guess my counter top stays right where it was poured. BOOOOOOOOOOO Good show!!!
make more videos man! nice job!
I really hope you plan to do more videos, no pressure though the ones you already made are awesome!
Great videos , gotta try my concrete counter top!
best, most useful, I've seen
MORE*MORE*MORE can you make the concrete any lighter for those of us who can't lift heavy stuff?
Home Run Michael! Loved the entertaining video and Loved the results! Skillz!!
great video, but the music was a little loud and distracting from your great personality! 👍👍👍✌🌹
Can you do one with sand and cement and mix yourself as in Thailand they don't have ready mixed bags like we have in Australia and your country,, ,, as you say so many vlogs on how to do it ,, but all i seem to find is American volgs useing ready mix,,  I am sure my sister can mix and do this job,,,, but do like the grout inlay looks cool,
I'm only curious about one thing.  Would the table be better or even stronger with a 4# square wire mesh added to it?
The video was informative and you made things look easy... having said that I found the background music a bit distracting as i had a bit of trouble hearing some of the commentary. Otherwise great first job (video).
Sweet jesus.... I will just go buy formica.... you don't know my husbabd
Just found you and fantastic video. I know this can be completed!!!  Your student (new homeowner) Shana and Chris
Any way to Add color to this style countertop ?
really nice
dude you owe me ;)  your welcome for ur new ad on here
Thanks for the videol feel free to use any of my instrumentals in your future videos   available for download at https://soundcloud.com/profe1004
Word. Really good vid. I 🧡 learning about the wide versatile world of concrete
just subscribed thank you
Great video - I want to make  counter tops 2" thick - use reinforcement? and can you add color to the mix if you want a dark gray or black? Thanks - subscribed cause I'm interested in what's next!
I'm not planning on making a concrete countertop, so I can't figure out why I want to watch this video again -LOL!  Maybe another viewing will make me want to do it.
looks great thank you
BOSS!!!   Thank you, this was entertaining and informative.   Great job.
Fantastic instruction and enjoyable to watch! Building a mudroom bench using your methods this weekend.
Like a PRO ! Thanks Michael !
I wonder if you could use air-crete (mixing foam soap with mortar mix) to make a lighter weight table top.
Excellent video. Thank you.
Hey Michael, great first video. I did have one question for you. I'm trying to do this as cheaply as possible off of some wood I have have in my garage. Any idea what I could line my wood mold with so I don't need to by a malamine board which would be cheaper than the board itself.
This was entertaining from start to finish, very informative, and it makes me feel like I can do this. Thanks!
Outstanding and super impressive - all around.
Great Video. And it looks like it was done in the D!
You are a Very Good video maker, producer, editor - television quality and better. Your concrete skills look as good too!
Great video thank you, now I need to find out how to add color to it.
U got talent my friend
Great job! WTG   Also that bowl was awesome. Did you use mortar mix and if I wanted to use it to hold water need I seal the inside or is it good to go?  Is mortar mix lighter than concrete? Thanks  Dan
Neat idea, but if you can crack the edge that easily....that heavy brick of a top will cause the wood underneath to give and it will crack in no time.
Wow. Nice video. Definitely inspired me to make my own outdoor table
Cool video . Enloyed it .
Awesome video. Simple to the point. I am so making one of these
It was nice watching how it came out, good movie man! It was fun.
👏👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👊👊
Bg4371 keeping it real.
Very Cool!!
how do figure how much mortar mix you need for the project?
Why does it look white
What does it look white
Love the hat.
Great video! I come from the cast stone world and you have done a great job with all of it. You're a natural at the video editing too! Awesome job all around!
Does Rapid Set make a white mortar mix?  I am wanting to do white concrete countertops for my  white on white kitchen.
Impressive all around...new subscribe!!!
Do you ever sell your projects if so for how much
Damn dude, first video? This was great production quality and you are not a scared to death stuff lifeless board on camera. If this is your first cant wait to see how this improves over time. Subbed.
Mate what a great project. One question.. how come the stencil design didn’t smudge when you poured the mortar mix? Was the wd40 tacky enough to hold the design together?
Loved the respect, RIP Bob Ross Great job with the video I'm gonna tackle a similar project using your techniques.
The best part is the part you don't see. Shinning it in the middle of the night while you walk through a dark living room. Great job though. I'm glad I watched it.
I like the way you made this video.  A good flow intermingled with light humour. Very easy to watch. A job well done.
Great video , have not seen the live edge , that makes it look so much like stone. Worked hd lmbr/bldg supp and loved cts rapid set. You may have seen this, but I found people using cts cement all as a feather coat on old lam counter tops and even furniture or fireplaces, to give a modern look. thanx
You can now buy bags of concrete specifically designed for counter tops.  If the Depot, Lowes or your lumber yard doesn't have it, they can probably order it.  Checkout other YouTube videos for acid staining and sealing.
Sub'd. Have to agree about the music over voice. Good content and entertaining. Can you do a shop tour? Your shed looks to be about the same size as mine. Thanks for vid and idea of the countertop.
Yours is the second concrete countertop video I’ve watched...I totally wasted my time watching the other one. They made it look so hard that I thought, “Never mind. I’ll never be able to do that.” You gave me confidence that I WILL have the countertop of my dreams one day, or maybe at least a small side business making coffee tables. Outstanding job on the video.
nice video and I loved the table top. Yeahhh!!!!!! More more more
How would a guy make a 10' counter top. Splice two sheets of the melamine board and seal the seam?
I'm a Media Arts graduate from UofA  - super impressed with your work.  Hard to believe it's your first video. Well done, Michael!  Oh, and the carpenter skills and creativity are right up there, too!  Can't wait to try a similar project.  Thank you!
Nice job!!
I'm laughing out loud because I looked at the likes/dislikes for this video and can't help but ask myself what conceivable reason could there be for 756 dislikes?  It's a free video that teaches you how to make a pretty cool looking coffee table or countertop for dirt cheap.  Hillarious
i like the look and ease of this countertop... i was wondering if i could still use the mortar formula in a cast in place counter i am building for outdoor use... will it work as well? i will build it on concrete backer and it will be exposed to the elements.
Well done.  Gave me more than a few ideas
Great Job, lookin forward to more videos from ya! :-)
We did a feather finish on our counters and they only looked good for a day or so. The second a crumb or anything gets on them, it leaves an oil stain. We sealed with 511 impregnator. The edges are also breaking. About to just sand it all down and get different counters. What sealer would you suggest??
This was your first video?! Great job!! The camera angles made it so much more entertaining! We loved the project too!
First video??  Solid editing, not bad music, volume control, steady camera *not* handheld, used a tripod, great topic, super clear instruction, 10/10 end product......   Liar.   <insert>Impossibru face</insert>
Make more videos, your production and easy to understand turtorial is entertaining and informative.  Youtube is full of really bad DIY boring videos.  New projects please.
Michael - I have watched countless videos on concrete counters and all kinds of other DIY projects.  You really knocked it out of the park for your first video!  What an amazing job!  I knew making a counter top out of concrete was not as difficult as other videos make it seem.  I love building things out of old pallets and old cedar fences.  That was perfect for a coffee table!  I don't think I have ever liked a video or subscribed to anyone on YouTube.  I did both on this video! :)  Congrats from one Michael to another!
I just tried doing this and when i removed it from the mold the sanded grout i put down was gone🤔 i did it exactly how you did in the video and it didn't work for me,  i am not a newbie when it comes to concrete finishing,  any input? Thanks!
Michael, you are a natural in front of the camera.  And who do you give credit to for videoing and editing?  Fantastic job!  I am not in this field but do my own video projects.   What video editing software is being used?
I am so glad I watched this! Thanks, dude. I know I'm about to have some badass patio furniture. I'm a fan!. BTW, you have some mad video editing skills.
No way that cured that much in an hour!  And that's way too much water.  Might not matter in a small piece like that, but if you were doing something bigger it would crack like crazy.
Looking around Youtube..decided to check out this video..Cool..
You great man!! Your going to be hugeee!! I’ll keep watching all your vids
ncie
Michael, would you put any type of support inside this type of countertop around a large kitchen sink opening especially around the front and back edges that are thin? My concern would be the strength with it being 1.5-2" wide with a heavy cast iron surface mount sink installed. Your thoughts are appreciated. BSC
Great presentation skills.  I would ask that you would consider refraining from swearing so I can watch with my 2 yr old son!  Thanks!
Awesome job!!!  Couldn't have turned out any nicer, I'm going to make one similar as i have been inspired by your video and knowledge. Thanks again for the great video!!!
Good job
after reading all of the comments my suggestion is not to listen to those who said you talk so much, this is your first video and it caught on like wild fire, it held peoples attention, so pay no attention to those with such a short attention span that too many words confuse them, although the suggestion about the music being too loud and how to fix that problem was great advice.
Very cool.  I prefer hot gluing the mold together (they did this on a This Old House YouTube).  It means you don't have to cut your main melamine. You just cut 1 1/2 inch sides and hot glue them to the surface.   But I really liked your flow control and I'm considering the rapid set mortar
Great info...annoying music.
going to do this for my bbq
I am happy to agree with Albert Pecoraro that this was one of the very best how-to videos I have seen. The humorous parts were actually funny and the quality of the build was very good. I have done this type of thing on many occasions over a bunch of years but I will use Michaels method in the future. Great job!
Loved the video.
Great instructional video! But goddammit, that fuckin' music! It's like chipmunks on acid rollerskating on cobblestone.
Ah-mazing...soooo many DIY vids...and then yours...the search is over. Grazie!
Wow! Awesome vid! I have 2 pedestals that I’d like to use to make a dining room table. Any suggestion on a base since I can’t use a square box like you did? I don’t want it collapsing on my kids!
Great video
Awesome job! Can't wait to see what you do next, and what you're channel is going to be about.
Nice Vid
No way not your first video! Thank you for informing about the additive to the concrete solution and explaining the nails. Was searching around myself to re-do my countertops. Thinking of just sanding them down and using  concrete looking tiles. Great work with video again.  Subscribed
Love this easy outside summer table
Really great video! Thank you! I've been wanting to work with concrete for a while, but it was daunting. I think I'll give it a shot starting with this project!
Wow that so cool 😎
Awesome video! Inspired me to go do the same thing and follow you!  One question: is there any supplement for the sanded tile grout, like perhaps regular cement or regular fast setting grout?   I know it’ll be a different color than the mortar mix and all... any reason NOT to use it though?
Is that type of cement good enough to use a a base for a bbq fire pit?  Will is take the heat?
Very striking piece. Though I would clearcoat the edges at least, to avoid accidentally scraping the fire out of your legs against that coffeetable.
Great vid!  Thanks. Now I just need to figure out where to buy equivalent concrete with flow control in Australia, oh and work out how much a "quart" is in the metric system...
Great job Michael Builds, on the vid and the project! Quick question: How do you keep the tile grout from moving when you pour the mix into the mould?
If I'm going to do brown based stain on my concrete, what color would you think for grout for designs and veins? It looked like you were using charcoal color which might also be best when staining too?
Where did you get the bucket scraper? They don't show anything like that on the Home Depot website. Nothing on Lowe's either.
How about showing me how to insall that counter top on cabinets for my Kitchen! Pretty Please! Awesome job.
Hi can you please tell me what's the name of the material the one you used for  Set up your design the material the one you put in top of your design.
It was a pleasure to watch, think I might build one at the cottage in a back area, just because.
awesome my man , pitching this idea to the wife as we speak  lol!! continued success
THIS IS DOWNRIGHT SWEET!! I FREAKIN LOVE THIS!!
Been doing a little research and what's your experience with the rapid set mortar mix? Does it scratch less or more than traditional concrete?? (wanting to do black counter-tops but I know they will show every little scratch!)
Awesome man jus subbed
Great video! Do you know how thin the RapidSet can be made for backsplash use?  We'd like to get the same look.
i am a woman i wouldn't wan to move that around inthe house but make a nice outdoor furniture peace ,and i did  like your video fun to watch
can you come over and do my outdoor grill cupboard i stone i have been waiting 5 yrs for my husband to finish now i stuck with trying to find a peace of marble its goign to cost him big time
cool job...can do an acrylic pour over it to get a nice marble look too...yay...subscribed.
Great instructions.....
Wow, Mike! Great production value, excellent project! Did you not have a cameraman or assistant? Keep them coming!! You'll have your own HGTV show soon. Best of luck and God bless.
That was Awesome I'm very handy but you make it easy.Thnx 4 the tip....
Nice job! Video was well done. Very informative. Looking forward to future project videos.
Just the info I needed to do my first concrete countertop built. I really enjoyed your video.  Thanks
Awesome . I have only had to watch 1 video on concree countertops. Thanks.
Amazing table. Nice flow to the video. I never had the feeling you were blabbing on and on and I needed to fast-forward to get to the point.
That's cool
Do I need to remove the WD40 before I put the sealer on? Will there be a bond problem with the clear coat. Do you think a self dissipating curing compound would be a good form release agent? Absolutely the best vid I've seen on this topic.
Great presentation!  Looking forward to your advanced mold making😉
You sir  got a subscriber ! Depot run ! lol Love the Bob Ross dig. Pallets out back? Why yes, I do !lol So, I have zero experience with concrete, where the hell do I get sanded grout dust? Thanks for the great video ! Now I have some planning to do. Thumbs up.
This was really interesting! I think you should try using more than one color grout, maybe gray and black.  The music also came in way louder than the rest of the video.  I think this is too much of a project for me but I might try something smaller!
HI Michael, very educative video, thanks... Have you done a video for garden pots..?
Just a thought. If you know where the table is going to be used, get a compass reading in the center of the slab and place design stencil pointing true north. Or what we know to be north.
I found this video somewhat difficult to masterbait to.
That was among the best 19 minutes and 42 seconds I've ever spent watching a YouTube video! Kudos to you on a great production and final product. Loved the Bob Ross reference. Next concrete pour should have some trees over here and a few clouds over there ... maybe a mountain. ;-)
Super Cool. Subbed.
I've watched this video like 8 times. I'm obsessed.
Love your first video!!!
Show a video on your seams longer than 8ft sections.
Ok Michael I’m an old and broken 60 year old dump truck driving Gramma.  I watch your video and you inspire me to get out on those sunny days off and make something awesome.  So in honor of your video I’m going to try your technique and make a concrete bench for my garden.  CHEERS
Great video. Really good method for self casting. Glad you mentioned using safety glasses. Strongly advise using a mask when pouring the dry mix, small chance of burning your lungs but a burn that will affect the rest of your life. Look forward to more vids.
PLEASE turn the music down.
First video? Seriously? That was excellent!!!! Bravo and thanks for the tips ☝🏻👍🏻
What is the purpose of the water after the concrete has been poured? I noticed you didn’t do that on the other video. I’m attempting this today and wanted to know before I pour the concrete.
GREAT VIDEO!! AWESOME IDEA!! One quick question though: If I wanted to make the counter top a different color, is there anything wrong with adding dye to the mortar mix? Thanks!
Great informative video! What, if anything, would you seal it with if used for an outside table? I'm eye-balling that fire pit in the background that looks pretty similar! Next video?
you nailed it dude, good job.. I like the stencil idea it was awesome like Sulay Mesa said your a natural..
Great video and very informative! Just a tip: you are making an instructional video; no need for blaring music in between your dialogue. This causes the audience to adjust the volume repeatedly. Also makes it hard to watch at work. Great content though.
Previous comment was placed by my grandson Jakob.  We will make one of these when the weather gets warmer.
I think it was amazing and I liked the detail that he put in the sides!!!
Awesome video. I subscribe in the first minute. Quick question I assume the stencil is backwards?
Very talented!!
Subscribed!
Just curious. Can I do like stepping stones or sidewalk panels with this method? Would it hold up as a sidewalk?
I am in AWE of this!!  My brain is hatching all kinds of new ideas to build now.  As others have said, this is AMAZING for a first time video!  Liked, subscribed, and looking forward to more!  Much love from this Bay City, MI area DIY'er. :)
amazing !!! I got a figure out how to pull those nails out w/ my teeth -- this guy is great !!! Im inspired !!!
do you keep the bottom wet the whole hour of curing?
The foam window cleaner for the silicone is amazing... I have been using blue tape for forever because I hate smeared caulk.
Absolutely amazing! Great video, great instruction, Thank You!
I am a handy man or even close of what you are. I am going to start with my porch table as test. thank again
Awesome video and I'll definitely keep watching but please clean up the language as my kids liked it too.
...Cool video......that looks like a great project  to build and an  outdoor kitchen...
Very cool, love it!
This is one of those you made it look easy videos. I'm sure a lot of work went into it. But it turned out great! A friend of mine needs a countertop and I think I will give this a try. Thank you!
NO SHIT! WHAT?!? Alright being a Mason, I was at the point of," yeah he's doing a jam up job of explaining this to someone who hasn't done it", but when you showed me you can buy SUPER P (flow control) at home depot you just changed the game buddy. Ty. Ty. Ty.  P.s making live edge works better if you'll hit the piece laterally instead of vertically. Hitting downward risks breaking the entire piece whereas hitting the other direction the force is distributed into the piece. Learned this quick making live edge on blue stone. Thanks again man.
Great video but do everyone a favor and never use that annoying techno music again.
excellent you give me an idea of how to change my kitchen counter top. -thanks
Freaking awesome!
Wow First video! Are you a professional Editor ? That has to be the best first vid I have seen. But just a good video all around. Super cool table too.
He is hot oops I meant the countertop is hot
How did you pour the concrete over the powder without it moving the powder??
Seriously, first video?  Great job and countertop is very cool.
Good video dude!
you need to get rid of that stupid computer music [noise] it just distracts from the video
Dude this was awesome. You have what it takes. Great project as well. Love your style.
Subbed, really good vid here.  BTW, Home Depot should have you on their payroll.
Thank you for the video
And... you just got another subscriber.     Thanks for sharing.
1st video?   Wow great job on the video and the table!
The Tigers bucket totally made that video!
can you use that same mortar mix to make a base for a mailbox (20"x20"x3")? I used concrete mix and it was rocky and didn't hold the mounting bolt.
Sorry i'm from México and i want to do that project, but don't understand wich material atención using to create they design. I hope some one see this.
I liked the video but please turn down the music
3:45 You know what goes great together... all things concrete and... attic stairs?
That is just simply awesome brother! I was thinking of making a butcher block top island for the kitchen in my new house......... not any more
I like your style, keep it up. Three thumbs up. Just wondering if you ever made flower pots.
this was awesome and so simple. you break it down perfectly and keep it fun. I don't understand why there are so many dislikes for it.
WOW and Amazed!  (👍47k     👎711) I think the 711 are jealous of your first video. I need new kitchen counters and I think this is the way to go.
Great video...have a question about when you add the stencil and use tile grout. When you pour the mortar mix in to the mold what keeps the dry tile grout from moving out of place?
This was a game changer.  Awesome.
We'll be trying this on our Belize build.  Thanks for the awesome vid!
"DEPOT RUN" I always say that too! Awesome video. Please, keep making them!
Dude! I don't know if i should be more impressed by your project or your personality!! You are a total natural at this. Iv'e seen guys that have been making vids for years that aren't nearly as personable as you. Keep making videos! don't stop. |I'm subscribing and hitting the notification bell NOW!
Great job and to think you're right here in Michigan (I hope).  I subscribed because of that and your professionalism.  I have a porch (?) that has a concrete slab, about 4'x4' and probably about 4" thick.  It's split in 2 directions.  I'm thinking about removing it and building one of these to cover the area.  Would this be strong enuff I wonder?
Having made a number of concrete tops and sinks I'm not going to criticize.  You got most of it right and it's great advice for most DYI'ers.  The video was excellent and I must say you had me with using the grout to do the graphic.  I will be using it.
Very nice table,  tryn to get my hubby to make one for our countertop.  Ty was very cool demo.
Great stuff Michael. If that was your first video then I look forward to your future ones because you have some real talent. I agree with Sulay Mesa, great music choices also. Sense of humor always helps as this DIY topic can get mundane the longer we watch if the presenter is not having fun doing it as you did. Keep up the great work!
awesome job!! Gonna do this for my outdoor kitchen. Enjoyed the video dude!!!
Love it!!! Thanks
Great video. And funny too!!!
So fucking awesome!
Love it! I'm planning to build a round earthbag house and want to make my curved countertops like you made this one! Thank you for sharing!
What concrete? He worked with tools?  I seen his smile, my mind started wondering...whew! It REALLY helps that your easy on the eyes.haha Hope you laughed! AWESOME JOB! Wear gloves please. You don't want concrete poisoning. Bad stuff.
My first time at you channel! keep up the good work ,you have a great way of presenting information that makes it easy for the novice to follow along or just great tips and ideas!
You are doing awesome!  Congrats!!  Did you do anything specific to promote your first video that you can point to for a fellow new YouTuber?
Great video! A pleasure to watch. Thank you!
Very useful video.
Please could the fluff. Ain't nobody got time for that.
Great job! Thanks for my next project 👍
Wow.  So I’ve done some concrete work myself. Similar methods but you’ve got some great better ideas for quality and efficiency. Thanks. I’ve subscribed.  Jeff Balke, Minneapolis.
Excellent Video !!  You know what your doing and all the tricks to make the job easier.  You have a great personality and the video is well shot and edited.  What a pro !  Thanks!   I'm subscribing !!
Can't believe that was your first video, very well done! Keep doing what your doing. You have a new subscriber....................
That was great stuff! thanks.
What are the final dimensions of this table??
Awesome video and table Thank you
I'm glad I waited until the end .  Well done.
Informative and great use of humor.  Nice work!
Thanks for the information and the well thought out video.  Camera angles, personality, effort and editing  are superb!  Can you add color (dye) to this type of concrete mix? Last thing, if I make a center Island slab of about 30" wide and 90" long how do you figure out how much concrete to buy? Thanks.
well done video very informative and very entertaining you make it look so easy
I'd grout the pits in the surface and then seal it.
Great video. Learned alot
Hey, that's where Curt Cobain got the inspiration for his song Heart Shaped Box!
Thanks for sharing
Dude you have the skills, great camera angles and cuts. You need to be on tv. So glad I stumbled onto your channel!
Excellent first video! 👍👍
You came thru with your promises.  Excellent technique.  Excellent video.  Excellent results.  I'm a believer !  Oh, yeah, great tribute to Bob Ross.
Fun, realistic, great ideas, perfect for those who have an idea of but not the experience of. Keep em coming bub! I'll also add the way you carry yourself makes it kid friendly so when doing projects with my kids I don't have to explain as much or worry about surprises!!!
Dude you're fuckin awesome. Pls keep up the good work.
Great video!  Super inspirational.  Keep them coming Michael.  I will let you know when my son is done making his first table.  Thank you!  Can you elaborate what I would need to purchase for adding some type of sealant or something that will make it kitchen ready, i.e water proofing or sealing it?
Dude, nice. Have you done an epoxy pour of one of these? Also, any advice on mounting studs for an undermount sink? Thanks.  Edit: NM about the mounts. Just saw your other vid. Sub'd.
Good job
Wow, what a great video. You kept me engaged all the way to the end. Keep up the great artistry and work!
Great build, great information thank you for sharing your talent and time with all of us.  Only critique, please turn the music down a little.
can you add dyes or stones in the mould bottom to add a cool look on the countertop?
Such impressive editing and cinematography... and then I saw it was shot and done on an iphone. Mad skills, great video. Thanks for making it so entertaining.
Loved It! I would like to see the fire pit topper.  And would love to see one that is sealed. Careful with the level of background music, sometimes hard to hear instructions. Overall great, subscribing, waiting for next project.
Half way in I'm in love and subscribed and not even looking to make a cement counter top
Great content but terribly annoying music.
Wonderful video.  Fantastic sense of humor to make the program entertaining as well as informative.  Thanks!
Great video!  You are an awesome teacher. Fun and easy to follow.
Dude! I work in the entertainment industry, and you are a ROCKSTAR!!
Great job Michael. You have so many skills. I think video production is right up there in your skill set.  I am a retired 'hands-on' house builder/carpenter and expected a boring monologue. This video almost inspired me to get back in business--almost but not quite.  Good luck to you!
love it keep making video that was good nice thank you
Awesome video I really enjoy your style of explanation, keep it up and God bless you brother
I have been telling my husband about doing a concrete countertop forever!! He didn't listen until this video!! We literally just finished making our countertop. Wish I can post a picture. You are amazing!!! Kudos to you. Great video!! Can't wait till the summer to do some projects outside. (I'm on my husband's account, this is his wife)   AMAZING!! AMAZING!! AMAZING!!
Really good job dude!!!
Great video, thanks for sharing.
Great video. You are really good at this. Informative ans interesting. Great narration and nice background music. You have a new subscriber
Mad skills! Good camera work. Great personality. Overall pretty awesome for a first video. So glad I watched the whole thing. Almost stopped when he destroyed the smooth edge. But it turned out great.
Very good but tone it down a bit with the editing
Nice job man - thanks for sharing ; great job on the project & the cuz should be very happy eh !
FANFRIGGINTASTIC video!
I am 57 and pretty handy in carpentry and construction. I enjoyed yours very professional and useful video demonstration. My one critical comment would be to talk a little bit less (too much redundancy) and get to it! Thank you so much and God bless. - Doug Woodard
Awesome build. I'm a 64ish lady diy. I bought a shed/house almost like your work shop. Will be watching your videos for cool ideas and building tips. Thanks for sharing.😉☕ Ms Michal
Really Cool, Thanks for the video and tips.
Thanks
Great video, fun learning and easy to understand. Thank you.
I would like to stain and varnish the wood and seal the top . how would you join two pieces  together for a countertop? or just make it longer .
Love it dude!!!!!
Why could I not find your video first... What a fantastic video, you are gifted natural in front of the camera. Only question I have is does it matter what kind of grout? Cementitious Grouts sanded or unsanded or Epoxy Grout or the last I saw at the store Resin or Furan Grout.
I had a bid for 2 counter tops, about 17sqft total,,,$900.00, plus materials,,,,  After watching your Vid,,,Well,,,,in 20 mins,,,headed to my Other Home,,,Depot that is,,,,Thks Michael,  for the supper Kool Vid,,,will update ya when I get down...PHins UP,,,,, Steve Oh!!,,,,
Excellent first video dude! Very informative and entertaining.
Any tips for making the top smooth and also protected from spills etc. to keep it stain free? I'm interested in using this method for a dining room table.
Oh my god, you are such a gas to watch!  Thank you for such an entertaining (and educational!) DIY video!
Great video. You got a new subscriber!!!!!
Watching vids for years, this is one of the few comments I've posted. As someone who has DIY'd just about every room in the house, I gotta say this is freaking awesome info and entertaining as well. Keep it up!
Will you share how much this countertop weighs?
Very Cool
You are good - Keep up the good work.   Harold
Awesome project and the steps are well explained!  Next video you make, try normalizing your audion track.  You voice level is up and down and sometimes the music is a bit loud.
1:57, More than meets the eye...
Really enjoyed your counter top video. Would you recommend making a surface on a entrance, using a similar method. And increasing the strength with the product you mentioned. (Send reply to   ware_3092@yahoo.com thank you).
awesome job
Great job! Thanks for the tips! Great video.  Keep em coming.  (Go Detroit!)
Great Video,your a natural explainer!
Awesome technique! You should be on DIY Network or HGTV. Congrats!
That is REALLY cool.  Thanks for the vid!
Hey Michael, I would like you something. I'm looking to set up a simple wood working platform in my shed and was wondering if you might advise me on the essentials or even make a short video about it? Many thanks in advance
Awesome video!! Thanks for sharing!!
Hi, We are furniture manufacture and exporter from India, We like to work with you please confir your comments, You can check our website:- www.thehomedekor.in, You can reply me at :- sales@thehomedekor.in
Hi in the uk what do we use for the packet stuff you mixed in flo something lol  AND just to same I really enjoyed your video can’t wait to play ! Very clear and enjoyable  Regards joanne in the uk
I found the slow mo annoying.. and thought he dragged the video out to long .. i really wanted to watch and see how he did everything but had to turn it off 🙄  it has been a 38c hot day though... no patients left lol
Well done. Fascinating.  - a suggestion. Better quality sound. Somehow it hurt my ears. Remember phone quality. Someone you know who is into sound maybe can help you choose a better source or equalize it. Better quality sound feels more relaxing.  - Does that bucket say Dodgers? LA!
Cutting the melamine on two saw horses with NO SUPPORT under the melamine....5:01  WRONG!!!...No wonder you edited the video before the UNSUPPORTED cut was completed!!!... Then at 5:08  you are NOT using a push stick and your hand is DIRECTLY IN FRONT of the turning saw blade!!!... You did NOT level the two buckets prior to filling the form with the mortar....so that at 12:16 it is visibly apparent the right side of the mold is NOT filled level with the top of the form .... I could go on ad nauseam ....Definitely NOT the correct way to fabricate a concrete counter top!!!...Mark
Your video is fan-fucking-tastic!  Great project instruction!  If you’re not already a DIY TV host... then, for the good of humankind, become one!  Could be you’re a Home Depot endorser..makes more sense as to why there’s so many deliberate HD plugs... LOL - Hey, nothing wrong with HD - if I could, I’d live there!
Well done. Fantastic. You're a natural
You'e a Bad Ass bro. Thanks for this great vid
Great ideas & thanks for the product tips (HD in Canada even stocks them). I've done a few small inverted pours but you da man! Cheers. . . . . . .  Bucket scrapers, who knew!?
Great Job.... Truly Impressed.
Love the Bob Ross reference!
👍.  You just got a new subscriber.
Dude, great job! You are killing it!
GREAT video! Fun, super informative, kept it interesting.  I was kicking myself wondering why I hadn’t found your channel sooner, and then you said it was your first vid! Nothing but good stuff to say. Looking forward to more!
I have cement block posts, 40” X 40” X 8’.  I want to put a cap on top 46” X 46” X 4 “ , poured in place.  Any recommendations?
Awesome! I need to try this. Thanks for sharing.
Very informative. Your cinematic skills are quite good and very entertaining.
Great video. I suggest that you consider mixing it slightly different in the future. The music was much louder than your voice.
I'm a 68 year old woman DIYer who loved your video; each step shown, with easy to understand explanations, excellent videography, and fun to watch! Can't wait for nice weather here in Ohio so I can get out back & build a countertop for my second bathroom. Going to use the old drain pipe in the middle and pour the concrete around it, add a vessel sink, drain, and faucet, and in 2-3 days I'll have a new bathroom! I installed a granite counter, vessel sink, etc in my 1/2 bath 2 years ago. This should be cheaper and a whole lot more fun, because I'll be doing all of it myself!
Love it! Thanks for the "it dosen't have to be perfect" it's all about the thought and effort.
Great job I really appreciated seeing this and you're incredibly entertaining
Great job
WHAT!? Where's your cousin's reaction to the new coffee table!?
Very well done. Keep up the good work! You seem really personable. I also appreciate the fact that I can pick up the materials at Home Depot or another home improvement store. It makes the project easier to attempt.
How do you prevent the powdered grout from being distorted as you pour the concrete over it ?
Your video is good, just need to decrease your background music, because it drowns you out.
YYu're simply a f-n' excellent, human and nice guy! Chapeaux!
Awesome 1st video...
The strength test I'd like to see is if somebody sits on a 24" wide 12" overhang.
Nice work! Thank you very much!
Great video , well explained . I will definitely be trying this ........KITCHEN REMODEL.
Dude! You're a natural! I loved it! Great music - great technique - great project with a cute guy - what's NOT to love! You could have a HUGE following of lady DIYers! And some guys who want to learn new tricks as well!
Awesome video!  Excited about his art, and he should be, it's the sign of a good artist. Very sexy video also...  More, more, more!
Excellent work my good man!  Entertaining and Educating... I most believe you've found a productive way to spend your time.  Be Blessed!
I’ve definitely watched at least 100 of these videos, but this might be one of my favorites!
How did you get the grout to stay in place after putting wet cement on it?  Very awesome idea very  time consuming
This guy can't be all bad.  He has a Detroit Tiger bucket.  Where can I get one of those...?
Great video, but why wouldn't you dry mix the Flow Control before adding water?
Great video. It was a lot of work with a lot of shots.  Very cool.
You killed this video bud! Keep this up and you'll be able to feature Mike Rowe in later videos! I used to be a concrete finisher myself and did a similar project but did not have nearly as cool look as yours lol respect brother!
Man you aught to have a TV Show!!! Awesome video, awesome idea.
can you substitute the sanded grout with concrete coloring from Home Depot? just curious, it is cheaper compared.
How do I seal the top if am using in kitchen for food  grade use
Hope to see mold making to avoid seam lines in longer pours.
Please.. why the damn music. Narration needs silence. NO MUSIC> Annoying.
Great video. I see you make guitars as well. You a player?
1st Video! Damn, you did an awesome job! Keep going. And, it was a great project.
10:58 you bury the Camara lol
I am in love the way you film
You are great at this.  Watched your bar top first & had to see this too.  Thanks & keep it up
Pretty sure my guy and you share a brain and somehow got separated at birth.... you rock dude.
Good video! Subscribed! Only suggestions:  Post your materials below your video and maybe not "swell" the music so much. I watch videos while family is sleeping and I had to adjust the volume a lot.
Your work, editing, humor, craftsmanship, passion. You've just gained a subscriber!
Great video, now I want to do one to work on my guns.
First video?  Excellent!  I have been thinking about a concrete shooting bench about 3" thick.  Any ideas?   Concrete, light wt. or whatever as long as it is solid.   Michael, you do one hell of a presentation.
Impressive techniques, presentation and production. Looking forward to your future videos.
Well, if nobody else has mentioned it yet, you did AWESOME on this first video! Think I may try this for a countertop coming up, I can pour it right next to the cabinet frame and then lift and flip into place. Not sure why so many are bitching about the music, I can’t work without tunes so I barely noticed it. Quick question- looking around your shop, do you make guitars too (5:51)? Seems you got natural talents dude, thanks for sharing.
Awesome job.. love to see more. cheers from down under.
You have the perfect personality for this kind of teaching. Great job, looks like a pretty doable project just about anyone could do. Great video and cool looking finished product.
Subbed, liked and put on notifications. Nice project, will put on my list!
Cool bartop with sports logo
I would love to see how you build an integral farmhouse style sink or any good sized built in sink. My wife and I absolutely love this method and I think we may try to rebuild our cabinets and make our own counters...
About how much does the finished countertop weigh?
eh man fantastic! just stumbled across your video.  Thanks for sharing such a fantastic idea. You're a natural, keep it up. Aussie viewer.
beautiful job'; enjoyed your video ; thanks Mike;
Loved the table by the way
Wouldn't it have been easier to center if you had flipped the top and centered the wood part to the concrete, instead of the other way around?
Rock ON.....awesome job...seriously cant believe you haven't been making videos  for ages. Loved it. Keep making more please.
Love the video. Love the attitude... great info, keep up the great work.
Awesome video
Video was great, now getting ready for your next one. Looking to find the time to do it.  Good input on your materials and the use of glass cleaner to smooth out the silicone.
good video, some advice from some one who doesnt hear well, all I could here was annoying millennial noise. Back it down
Awesome!! I plan on making a couple of these for my outdoor Kitchen/BBQ area
Awesome video!  By far the easiest way to pour a countertop,  that is something I'm going to do!  Thanks!
Now we know what happened to Cypher after he got re-insterted into the Matrix.
Your video's are absolutely amazing, thank you for sharing your knowledge and educating us with cool projects!
Thanks - you are talented.  God Bless
"you have over 500 friends on facebook.. im sure 2-3 of them can help you install this"..... best line EVER.
what would you say is the biggest piece you could make with this method without needing any wire reinforcement?
I can't believe I am JUST NOW seeing this!  Great video and entertaining!  Keep it up!
Great video.  However, please lose the music!  Just about blew my ears off, and when I turned it down enough to be tolerable, I couldn't hear you.
If using this technique to make a decorative slab rather than a smooth table top, would it work to put decorative pea gravel in the bottom of the form before adding the mortar mix?  Once finished would the gravel stay imbedded in the slab or just pop out?
oh the drama
Coolness
Loved the video! Just curious, what advantages does the Rapid Set Mortar Mix have over the Rapid Set Concrete Mix that was next to it in the store?
Great job!  keep doing cool shit!!!!
Hey Michael, this was awesome! The only thing I didn't follow was mortar mix. although I should have. I used rapid set concrete oops But this is what i did.  https://photos.app.goo.gl/vXcBis5aSLWoHgRU9
What do you use to seal the top afterwards?
Excellent video!!! SIdebar: Spax and rapidset owes ya for the epic shoutout. I have a question for you, as I've never made a countertop like this, but I've been told by a scructural engineer that over time, all concrete gets harder and harder, and eventually, all concrete will crack over time. So considering how brittle concrete can be without the rebar to kind of hold things together, how do you think this setup will last? Do you think in a year or two it will still be stable? If so, that would be amazing, and your method seems so much more simple than many others I've seen. Either way, great video, keep it up, you're a fun guy to watch!
This was so excellent! You are totally right, I have watched countless DIY videos about concrete and you are the most clear and easiest to follow and you have a really pleasant and funny demeanour which makes this enjoyable to watch! Please keep making more videos! I would love to see the advance mold making for a fire pit, that looked cool!
Dude, that was awesome... Thanks!
What? Your first video? Dude good work. The pour over the camera was nice touch.
Awesome, don’t stop......👍👍🍺🍺🇺🇸🇺🇸
Extremely pleasant to watch your DIY video. You are very charismatic and personable individual. Definitely subscribing to your channel.  Keep up the great work and keep them coming.  Cheers Alex
Awesome!!  Very personable and the little fun touches make it exciting to watch!!
Can you give some insight on how to calculate how much mortar mix to use for different size counter tops? What was the size of this one?
That's your first video?! Wow! You are a natural! Great content.. Great editing.. Can't wait to make a concrete table...
What would you use if you wanted to add color to the mix
Thanks Marni. I want my gal to feel special and appreciated but don’t want o go overboard doing it. Thanks for the tips and guidance. Nice job.
Wow! This was great for a first video! Very professional and the table came out beautifully.
Fun to watch!
So would you follow this method for the entire kitchen counter tops?
Just want to say your videos are awesome! 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
You have inspired me! I am going to attempt this on the weekend. Next video please make a single vanity sink bowl, if that is what it's called
Oh wow Michael!! I was blown away at your first video!? Kudos exploding <3 I love your presentation and flirty energy throughout. <3  This table is rockin fella! I have some glass top end tables and coffee table I so want to replace. We are about to do a soft update on our living room. I freaking love industrial/ st fer a pink and that is the vein I am going for. So this technique will be rad perfect!  Much encouragement to keep these streamlined videos coming! Fun to watch and makes me want to do something constructive with all my DIY ideas and materials <3
Lots and lots of energy, enthusiasm, passion and more. Loved watching it. Keep it up big boy!!!
Great video! Your sense of humour only adds to the experience. Please do something about the difference in volume between your voice level and the music's. PLEASE!
Love how hard you worked on editing! Great job for being your first
Would you need reinforcement if you made a mold for a kitchen sink or is it still strong enough??
Hope you considered how that table will be oriented in the room before arranging the compass design on it, cuz that would drive me crazy if it were not aligned to true North.
Loved the video.  Keep the videos rolling
If i was going to do this for my kitchen to replace the El cheapo crap counter tops. what would i use to seal it and make it safe for food and what not?
Loved the video, thanks for the lesson.....thanks for telling us about that quick setting concrete, after setting for only one hour, & that strong...I think the flow control made it very smooth & very cool....Thanks
How does it not move the grout when you pour the cement?
good
Awesome video! I almost just bought quickcrete. Will the mortar be strong enough for larger tables? Can you dye it?
This guy is tits! Entertaining and breaking down instructions to such simplicity, even a guy like me feels confident to do it!
I am going to make a countertop like this for our garden area this summer to honor our parents who have now both passed away.  I was thinking of getting house lettering or craft lettering (Raised) and attaching it to the bottom so the face of the table has their names and other information.  Will this work and if so how do I keep the letters from sticking?
Dude u r such an artist. Ur video is so inspiring 🤘👍
Had fun watching. Keep them coming.
Stumble here and so happy i got great tips and while laughing thank you☺
How much does that one weigh about?  Loved the video....good production...
OK that's Bad Ass.
Definitely great workmen ship, I’m now Subbed.
Did I like this video? When the Academy of Motion Picture Arts (The Oscars) include a YouTube Video category, I am nominating you! It was completely organized and informative but I'm gonna watch it again anyway.
Wow, this is your first video?  You are a great instructor/constructor. I have saved this video for future reference cuzI have many projects planned!😎
I love this keep it up.
Great video! Something I am unsure of from the video though is do you water cure the slab during the entire hour or just once after it begins to kick?
Great video w/lots of practical advice and specifics. More please...
By the way great music choices!
You Are A Natural!! So much fun to watch.  I wish my first video had been half this good. Wow!!! Super fun to watch!!!
Nice and easy! Thanks Michael!
Michael got an email address. I want to share a couple of photos.   Thanks for the inspiration.   Poured my first one yesterday. This definately will not be my last. Made a few errors. OOPS. That is how I learn.  A few tips for people who are not Michael.  Buckets are fine if this is a one off thing. If you plan to do more. And yes plan to do more because once your neighbors and family see them. Well you know.  Make a table about 30 to 35 inches high. Yes you have to lift the bucket higher. But you wont have to continually stoop over.  I tried to put a design in mine. I failed miserably at this. Not sure what went wrong yet. So will try again.  I fixed it after the table dried. I took some of the charcoal grout I had left over. Mixed it and skimmed over the surface.  I did notice when pouring your first bucket try to get it to totally cover the surface of your pour. I could see the two different buckets in the final project. This will also help with curing evenly. If I was going to leave the counter raw I would not have wanted to see this.  For those whose troweling skills are not reasonable. IE not Michael or do not have experience at working masonry.  As you are troweling the bottom flat.   Keep your trowel clean. Remove any build up with a 6 in drywall knife. Clean with water occasionally.  The front end of the trowel is called the TOE. The back end the HEEL. Press down on the TOE and let the trowel marks form on the heel. Wipe off the trowel and then place the TOE about 2 inches past the trowel mark and repeat until you work your way off the surface and there are no more trowel marks.  You may notice ripples forming behind the trowel this is normal. If you want it slick keep troweling.  You have to let it start to harden so you quit moving anything but the surface material.  Get a small sprayer bottle and fill it with water. As the surface starts to dry to where you can trowel without dragging material.  Lightly mist the surface. Then trowel. It will help make it smooth.  The only way you are going to learn is if you try it.  Mine is going to be a table next to the smoker.
Wow! Great video man. The BEST I have seen on concrete countertops. Liked and Subbed and Shared!
Awesome!
Great Vid. Did you make your top 1.5" or 2" thick?
Awesome, kool, & funny
There's nothing to stop the crackings as soon as they start to appear.
I havent tried yet but i will this week.  I was told using vegetable oil to coat the mold before pouring the mortar mix works great to. Great video....! Thanks bro.
Great vid.  A couple of pointers for those who are not as used to working with fast setting mortar as Michael is.  Rapid Set Mortar sets (sets = maintains shape, but without a lot of strength) in 15 minutes at 70 deg F (20 C).  That means at 70 you've got about 10-12 minutes to work with it.  At 80 that becomes about 7 minutes and at 90 you're fighting to get it out of the bucket right after you mix it.  So mix and get it out of the bucket as fast as you can.  It's not like a regular mortar that gives you a lot of time to play.  M's method of putting in the Flow Control after mixing the mortar works well, but a way to gain a little bit of speed is to add the Flow Control to the water first and then add the Mortar.  That gives you quicker and easier mixing with less stress on your drill.
Good video
Mortar mix what contains? Because i live in island, is it just cement?
Great video!  I’ve had an interest in concrete countertops for some time.  I want to incorporate glass bits for some sparkle.  Got any tips for that?
Do you put a sealer over the top looks fantastic
Dude, amazing, subscribed and hit the notification alerts. You're gonna blow up if your uploads are consistent! Consider selling what you make, like that you keep having new projects to film. You're a natural at this brother. Keep up the great work!
Nice vid mate! Love the Edgar Wright style! Table and techniques are pretty wicked too! 👌
Hey this video is awesome. Keep it up. I wanted to know if I could color the  concrete to accent a kitchen cabinet set and make the veins/grout lines another color.
OMG it is turn out so beautiful and thanks for sharing the idea 💡 😍 yea it's done 👏 👏 👏
I actually do have a mountain of pallets behind my shed. Guess I'll be making a coffee table.
Does it stain since cement is porous? What would you recommend using to seal it if people are eating off it?
great job. simple is good.
Good job...but consider staining the pine wood using vinegar and steel wool so it matches!   Nice. I'll do this for my outdoor kitchen!
If I am planing to use the counter in the kitchen.  How do you seal the crete?  Stains  and germs are always looking for a place to hide.
Such an awesome video and what a badass project too. Now you have got me wanting to make some cool stuff out of concrete.
Amazing video! Keep making videos. You got a sub out of me. Only thing is your a Detroit fan? Ok ok maybe the tigers are ok.... =)
Very sweet bro.
you missed your calling you are brillant and needed
Great video man.
Amazing video, makes e want to do it. So I have this theory on drying cement while loudly playing specific tones. This is an ancient method of hardening geopolymers to make them harden super strong and give the microscopic appearance of natural stone. Maybe you'd like to try it out for me. I'd recommend NCH tone software and some speakers with a good amount of bass. Then set those walls of Jericho with a low resonance, something between 20-1000 herts. Perhaps a mix of the solfeggio harmonics? I dare you. I'd greatly appreciate... heck, you may even win a Nobel prize.
when are you doing the one with under mount sink lookink forward to it please keepup the good work
Very Cool. Thumbs up.
I thought this video was fabulous.  Thank you so much.  I do have one question.  When you spray the water on it do you just spray it down good then wait 1 hour?  You don't keep spraying it correct?
Starting at the Depot Run stage the music became a tremendous distraction. Lower the music volume by like 1/3rd to 1/2 and this is, hands down, the best instructional like this I've seen.
60 or 80 lb bags? Awesome job!
Fricken  Awesome dude, defiantly! all thumbs up
Less chat, more workmanship.
I may have missed it but was that color the natural color of the product or did you pick out a specific color or add some coloring?
Absolutely so cool & well done. Amazing how strong that mix is! Tell the truth... your dad is Bob Villa right? LOL! Consider me subscribed for life dude
You’re first video!!? You’re very talented, great stuff.
This is the first vid of your's  that I  watched..... excellent....By far the best method  !!
very cool
Mike, can I put epoxy on the cement after is completed, the reason I am asking because I will be using the cement tops I make on wine studio where I make my wine and I will not like the cement to get stained with grape juice. Here is my email Resto.Gilbertocwo@gmail.com. I look forward to your other videos. Thank you keep up the good work.
Two years ago, I took a course with Stonemakers. It was a week-long course on cement, concrete, plasticizers, concrete additives, and some light construction. The majority of the course actually focused on convincing people that they NEED the product. I learned more about concrete and cement and plasticizers, molding and shaping, and countertop production in this less than 20 minute video than I did in a 168 hour course that I paid several thousand dollars to attend. And you say this is your first video??? You, sir, are adept. This is literally the first video on youtube that I have actually used the "like" button on AND the first content creator that I have subscribed to. Thank you for your contribution!!!
I can't believe how nice these videos are. I actually thought that you had just deleted all your other videos...
I could not understand a single thing because of high loudness music in
Well done.  Gave me some ideas for an outdoor kitchen.  Especially liked the live edge.  Now we could use another vid on doing some other techniques like color and something other than smooth surface.  Thanks and good luck with your channel.
Awsome. Want to see more.
This is the best idea it's got me thinking  what to do with my kitchen  you are good.
Looks nice ! You are a good job !
Oh WoW , i am hooked ! My son and i love projects ! Wait till i ley him know about your awesome skills and thank you so much , i bet they end up with an outdoor cooking area that has cement counters now! Thank you so much for shareing your creative skills and excelent vidio ! you rock!!!!! (O: I`m clickin the bell now!
Great video, my man! Thanks for making it! Do you think that adhesive would be alright for kitchen countertops too?
How would you make a 12' top. Would you make 2 pieces
So much background "noise", I just stopped watching.
It is 6:30 in the morning and I want to go out in my shop to make one now. HD isn’t open yet hummm
You had me at Bob Ross.
Very well put together video. I have made a few that are still not public because they are so bad. I love how you takes us on a journey with twist and turns and knowledge aplacation of technic and product knowledge. The viedo was fun, moved well, your probably better at producing  good solid content then the content. And your dam good at working the content. I'll have to watch to learn how to seal a top so it won't stain. Can't wait to see what you will have next.
I think I saw you pouring concrete on top of and spraying water on your iPhone 8.  Did any iPhones lose their life in the making of this video?  Okay, did you lose any teeth. Good humor buddy!
Loved this. The only thing I would have changed is instead of gluing the top directly to the base, I would have glued a small wood box frame to the concrete top, and dropped into the base. That way the whole thing would be easier to move in 2 pieces. Really loved the live edge as well, but how easily do flakes come off later in life?
Great video! What'a ya gonna do with that Jazzmaster looking thing on your shop wall?
For sure
What are the inside diameter  dimensions for this project?
There are so many good things to say about this video ..... But a simple thank you is all I’ll say!
Great video going to tackle doing one like this for my kitchen island soon not as nervous now after watching your video. Could you leave your melamine in a full sheet and just screw the rippers down so you could reuse it for different size counter tops if you patched the screw holes?
Can you PLEASE be MY neighbor?!
Awesome!
Great project, easy detailed instructions while being entertaining as well.  Loved the shout out to Bob Ross.
What would you use to seal/finish it.
Been looking for a way to earn some extra $$; thanks Big Bruh!
Awesome video, especially for your first. Your a natural my man.
Great idea 💡 thank you 🙏🏻👍😀
anyone have a link to the nautical compass he used???
No Way! First video? Love it! Comical and education is a great combination! Makes it fun to learn. I'll be watching for your next videos.
You are a natural - great video and production - subscribed to your channel less than 4 minutes after hitting play!
You are a natural - great video and production - subscribed to your channel less than 4 minutes after hitting play!
Thanks for sharing your technique!
Had a look today to get an idea what it would cost to do this.  I'm rebuilding a low 8x8 deck/patio this spring and wanted a single concrete step about 48" long.  Rapid Set mortar mix $15.57 (hoping one bag would do for 12x48 slab), flow control $3, Sanded grout $12, concrete sealer $22, 4x8 melamine plywood $29, concrete mixer for drill $10, tube of all purpose Silicone $5.  Total: Over $100.  Nope. I love the idea, but it's too expensive.
what are the dimensions of the mold?
Love the way the table turned out. Fantastic tutorial!
Reppin' the Olde English 'D'!
Question. If the countertop is going to be outside, outdoor kitchen countertop uncovered, would you recommend sealing?  If so, with what?
Best "how to video" i have seen in a long time. Good Job!
Perfect instructional for me. Easy to follow, not to technical. Michael’s fun to watch. Looking forward to seeing more.
You are REALLY good! Both as a builder and presenter! I loved this. Great humor and easy style. I still have no idea how that concrete holds you up without any wire in it! I would have loved to see the "presentation" of this beautiful new coffee table to your cousin. I bet he/she LOVED it!! As for "Advanced Mold Making", my wife has had that down for years in our refrigerator!
Awesome job! You really inspired me to give this a try, thanks!
Dude, you the bomb. Kudos. Whoever comes after you have big shoes to fill. Love your vibe and can-do energy! Namaste (deep bow).
You get 4 out of 5 stars for that annoying music. Fun to watch though!
Great technique, I’m definitely trying this. I’ll be using a water base concrete stain and clear sealer after. Thanks for this great video.
Can anybody comment on the use of the rapid set mortar mix vs sakrete 5000 or other bagged concrete mixes specifically for countertops? I have never heard of using mortar mix for this use and can imagine it failing in the future given the use of plasticizers and the product not being intended for this use... I could be totally wrong though as I dont have any experience with concrete work
As a retired concrete finisher, who did a lot of work for people who had far more dollars than they did sense, this isn't bad, though for personal preference, you can't beat a good hand troweled surface and tooled edges, which makes for a more granite and/or marble clone type top..... Yes, every one I ever worked for told me I was way too fussy to do concrete work and that type of skill level is beyond most concrete finishers...... So a question, have you done any acid etching/staining? We had to let the counter tops sit full 30 days before staining and sealing. Never liked the plastisizers, or spastisizers as we used to call them. Turned the concrete into silly putty.... Skipped most of the concrete mix part you used, but you couldn't strip standard concrete in 1 hour... Hard trowel finish in 6 to 8 hours...
Great job Mike, subscribed!
I have done this type of concrete work before. You have some great tips here. I might question no reinforcing but flow control - cool, windex cool.
Well done!
Should have imbeded some studs sticking out the bottom for attaching legs.
Great job! Definitely subscribing!   Amazing job on the video from all angles (dialogue, videography, audiography). Very, very, very professional!
Excellent production...skills. For it I'd give you a double thumbs up...but... there are a certain people that think there is a way to speak that makes them...cool. A double thumbs up went down to a thumbs DOWN because of your "F Bomb"  Personally I think its shallow, yes everyone has done it, myself included,  but I wont make a production with it. Great construction content, I like your video. But I wont promote it. I'll leave the lemmings to do that.  SAD.
Just love it. God bless you & your brain with your love ones.
fantastic video!
You did damned good for the first video..! Nice unconventional table too.
Was that dried and ground up tile grout ???
Probably good info but too much talk.
This video is amazing your channel is going to blow up if you keep up the good work! Better switch on monetization to collect your duly earned beer money!
OMG you are so inspiring and funny as hell!! I loved this first video ( can't believe you just started) I want a fun table w rocks glitter and cement bling resin for my she shed this summer. Of course I will have my home Depot cut all my wood /laminate but I surely can screw in some nails to make the form. Simple and badass!!! Luv it!! Keep em coming! Hey Michael can you make something for us girls? I'm watching from Arkansas!
Great video and project
like glass
how can I make the top like gleass
Why no aggregate? Massive loss in strength without
Nice! I'll be using this for some kitchen countertops... But I will use reinforcement for around the sink.
looks great have to do one for my wife
Watched this 2 weeks ago and built a 2 shelf coffee table and doing the end tables next. Thanks!!!
Watched all the way through because of the entertainment. Great Job.
WHY WOULD YOU NOT PUT REBAR IN IT? SOLID mORTAR  FOR HOW LONG BECAUSE EVERY 3 FT SHOULD HAVE A LINE IN IT?  TO PREVENT CRACKING?  LALAALESSANDRI@GMAIL.COM PLEASE, WRITE ME
Horrible music choice
You might want to back off on the background music.
whats not to like?superb stuff,so many ideas off this one demo,now wheres my whiskey?
Great project and great video! Liked and subscribed!
Very cool!
This is totally bitchin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Loved it, I"ll be using many of the methods you spoke of!   Dead-People-Dont-Drink-Water.com Yea, I'm reverse advertising!  You looked like you should have a drink of water!  Thanks again
Awsome Video.
Great video, but tone down the music volume a wee bit.
What was the powder you made your design with again?
great job, I like your work
I know right! Awesome video man Keep’em coming
Also this video is about 18 minutes too long for his moronic cut scenes with shitty music
That music is annoying! Cant hear the narration. Couldn't watch the video.
Video is almost watchable if you mute this moron
Holy crap man, this was fantastic. Keep up the good work. Sub'd. Did not expect.
Michael, we enjoy construction videos, and yours is one of the best! Great editing and nicely done. Hope to see more. Clicked on the bell. Thanks!
how did you keep the tile grout from moving when you poured the concrete?
turn the music down
That's an awesome table. I think you gave me some pretty cool ideas to expand on. Thanks again!
Nice!!   Can you use this table top for an outdoor project?
First Vid? What did you do before? You're a natural dude!
This is great.  More like this.  The video got you a like, but the Old English D got you a subscription.
Awesome video and you crack me up.  Keep making videos
You rock!... or concrete... Ha! Loved it please do more.
Nice job! From an old concrete hand (40+ years) Jim
Phenomenal Man!
Nicely done.
Has anyone tried this? I am familiar with mortar and would never thought to use it for a counter top. With some reinforcing mesh it might work out. Curious if anyone tried this and if it held up.
Dude...for the love of God and all mankind and all the things living on this planet....puh---leeeezzzze keep making videos! You are an absolute natural at this.
Well, you just solved a problem for me. I don't need a countertop, but I do need a simple way to put down about a foot or so of slab concrete on the ground and needed to know a which one and how many to use. I live in an area that does not have vehicle access, so I have to carry the bags in. Never laid the stuff before. So, thank you.
Best darn "First Video" I've ever seen!
WOW man, when you stood on that thing I thought "no freakin' way!"...nice job Michael!  I'll use this method for my grill area.
Thank you....I enjoyed watching your video as much as you enjoyed making it... Really nice ...
Liked!  Subscribed!  Recieving notifications!   You are why YouTube is better than HGTV!
I can imagine bumping into that table with your shin. Ouch!!
Real talk: That's fucking awesome. I'm hoping to buy a fixer upper in super bad shape and the kitchen needs loads of work. My pockets aren't deep, and this really is a good idea and excellent implementation. I do have a concern though. I have kids who could break the balls off of a brass monkey. Seeing how easy you chipped the edge away, after it reaches full cure, is that still something you'd still be able to do? We use heavy cast iron pots and pans and I fear smacking it in the wrong way will send a chip flying across the room. Would adding glass fibers prevent this from happening or is it even needed after it's had time to fully cure? Thanks so much and keep up the excellent work! I'm truly looking forward to the next video you put out. You've got me hooked. I'm sad you're new at this because I wanted to binge watch everything you have. Disappointed there's not more available!
Awesome
I loved the video, How would I be able  make this type of table top resist the effects of a salt water pool, my untreated table has eroded substantially over 4 years.
WARNING must be watched muted because of inappropriate mind numbing vomit inducing background muzak. This video is more blather than fact. I watched at 2x speed and jumped fast forward to missout on the extraneous prattle
Why did you carve on the edges?
My brother just bought his first home and are doing a ship theme since he was prior navy and i am now thinking i need to make them something like this for their new home!!!
Please do a collaboration with Bobby Duke. You guys were meant to be together.
This is the best concrete counter top video I have ever seen! Great production and very informative!
excellent informative video,straight to the point and well done... just maybe lay off the obnoxious music a bit :)
Impressive job
Walks like Zoolander!
Thought you were crazy when you started whacking it with the mason's hammer, but that live edge looks fantastic! Also love the rustic coffee table. Just found you, can't wait for more viseos. Very well done!
I rarely comment but your video was so excellent, that I had to say thank you.  Getting all the way to the end to find out that this was your first video blew me away.  Congrats!  Looks like you already have 33K subscribers and 627,673 views.  Keep up the great work and style.  On the content side, I used Quikrete on my pour-in-place counter tops on a fix & flip project but because of your video, I'm going to give that mortar mix a shot on the next one.
Subbed.  This channel is going places.
Great Project! Awesome Video Thanks
Would not your stencil need to be inverted if it has any lettering or numbers? Also,  what other material can be used for design?  I’m  thinking , like , I dont know, maybe some multi -colored aquarium gravel? Some other polished stones maybe? Would that require an epoxy or something before or after the pour? And great job bruh, I usually FF through all the bull, you were straight to the point, and didn’t waste my time talking to us like we were 3 and didn’t know what a hammer  was used for. So thank you  for the amazing tricks of the trade, and thank you in advance for the answers to my questions here, I’m definitely doing this!!
Awesome and motivational. Now I want to go make one. Thanks.
Keep on going, great first videos
First video? You are a natural! Beautiful coffee table!
Great first video! You seem very comfortable in front of the camera. Lots of good info, thorough, very useful and easy to understand. Looking forward to more.
Michael congrats you are doing a great job, Im already a fan !!!
good video
Wow.  This was inspiring.
I hope his wife thanks her lucky stars daily...!!!
Great video! I've watched a lot of other concrete countertop videos. I wish YouTube had a "like more" button so I could give you the credit you deserve.
I really enjoyed this video! Keep up the good work! Quick question, do you know if you can add a dye to the mortar mix before you pour??  Anyway, liked the video and I look forward to more in the future.
Cool table great design
Constructive criticism: shut the music down completely when you talk, you're a bit too soft spoken at times. Otherwise keep up the great work, I will definitely be using this when I renovate my bathroom in the upcoming months.
You had me at BOB ROSS💙
Great Video Michael, the table is KILLER..   Also just watched your new video & it was AWESOME!! Can't wait to SEE more KOOL Stuff.   Cheers from Myself & Rockstars 7 Shih Tzu's & 5 Rescued Cats in Welland Ontario, Canada
NICE video! really enjoy this. Maybe some time you could come up with a video that does connecting sides of a raised vegetable bed that is also easy to do? Thanks again for the easy nice to do project.
Very impressive! You game me a ton Of ideas
Your a beast!
Great video. Wife and I watched in awe!  Thanks for a great new project for us.
This table top will have no resistance to a sudden blow; for that you need to imbed some steel mesh.
Wow...great video and you are awesome blossom! Got a single uncle or father?? lol.. all joking aside, PLEASE WEAR A MASK! <3
A quicker way is to skip the first 4 minutes
This is weird but he reminds me of Selfridge
Great info and a well produced vid, except for the anoying and distracting background music.
Would love you to teach us some basics about tools!  Really enjoyed your first video.  Lot's of fun!
Excellent , and yes I do have a pile of pallets in my backyard.
You are funny!  Thanks for this video:)
awesome, thank you.
Wow looks really good. Love it
Also, I really gotta hand it to you, this is a very well-made video with great production, quite incredible for a first one! Either you've done this sort of thing before or you're like me and don't make anything publicly available until it's highly polished. I rarely make prototypes, as the first time I make a thing that I'll be making more of, it's more or less the finished version. Which means it takes a long time to design things, and it's a big reason why I don't have a channel on here (because I want my first video to be very good, not a rough draft of sorts). Anyway, hopefully more videos are on their way, as you clearly have an aptitude for this! And that's a nice table! I thought you were going to spray the grout with water to set it some before pouring the concrete (to keep the design from shifting), but it looks like that wasn't necessary.
My new go to for the diy thumbs up
Surly this would need to be sealed somehow to use in a kitchen or any where near food right?
I own a table with a steel frame and a particle board top. The particle board became wet and is falling apart. I was thinking of a wooden cutting board top, but I  think this would be simpler and the best option. Can you suggest how I could make screw holes for the table legs?
Table was great, but maybe you should consider being an editor! Remarkably well composed for a "first video".  Side note: I always prefer to pull nails with my teeth.
would it be possible to  lightly  dust the compass with  a fine bronze/copper glitter or something to make it pop without being gaudy?
Great presentation!  Loved a few of the insights, such as flow control! I built the fiberglass bodies for the Kopavi Trikes llc. and know a lot about molds; so the WD-40 was a cool idea for concrete; and the addition of the design was not bad either; now I have a few of my own; so cool!  Pat yourself on the back!  I just did!
Waiting for your specialized, custom shaped, videos!  AWESOME job!  Hey @HGTV!  Pick this guy up!
Love your energy Michael... Can't wait for the next vid. You're awesome dude! ;-)
The compressive strength of concrete has nothing to do with the need for rebar. Rebar gives concrete tensile strength. So 6500 PSI concrete requires rebar just like 3000 PSI concrete does. But yeah, probably not too important for a countertop. I agree that some parts of the video could be shortened, but overall, it's quite good! Nice work!
I thought this was pretty cool, but then I realized, you just made the most PAINFUL coffee table to catch your leg on...
Awesome
Lose the music. Your voice is all but inaudible in places, which is a shame, as you are so well-spoken and informative — much more so than many other self-styled "how to" videos.
I wanted to watch this but I couldn't get past the horrid volume-changing music.  Ech!
Damn first video, hell ya brotha keep this shit going loved this tutorial and production. Subscribed
If you chose to make a living doing videos you would surely have a great shot at it. Thanks.
WAY  too much "drama" for a male.
Amazing video!!! Have to say this is the first video I watched from start to finish without skipping through some parts. Well done.
Pretty good production for a first video!  You must have spent more time on that than you did on the concrete casting. Keep it up!
Fantastic 👍🏻 Can’t wait for your next DIY.
Is there any special trick to keep the tile grout from scattering when pouring?
Awesome!!
Very educational. Thank you.
kool
you awesome dude! loved your first video so make some more please
I've been pouring concrete 30 yrs and I'm very impressed with your video and how you explained it top notch bro
Awesome
Great video! Would love to see how to do more concrete countertops using the same method. I really like the explanation of products you're using as well!
That’s a cool table top.
Great video. I would like to offer 1 constructive criticism about improving your audio levels however. The background music and audio effects were too loud while you weren't talking/narrating. It would be better to set the those at a consistent level throughout instead of lowering it between dialogs. While listening through headphones I had to lower my volume, but when you started talking, I had to turn it up to hear, then was blasted when the music jacked up, almost unexpectedly, many times during the video. Nice countertop though - haven't seen your method for an inlays/patterns, usually just a piece of wood or a resin "river" - nice!
First video?? Dude there are guys with millions of subs that have first videos that doesn't come near this! Awesome work! 😀
that's as straightforward as it gets. great video. THANKS do some more of the same
Any method or manner by which you could add some color to the mix which would permeate the entire surface?
Subscribed. Gotta make this.
That was really awesome thank you very much
You rock! omgoodness - I almost gave up on these stupid concrete videos... this was simply amazing! thank you ;-) p.s. funny Bob Ross quote lol...
Beautiful!👍🏻
Not enough drama, and waayyy too little of the time-wasting long-winded yak: more please (NOT!).
Great job in every aspect.
Easier to turn concrete upside down then glue the lighter wood construction exactly in the right place, apart from that great video dude :) my engineering process control/set up reduction kicked in lol
Seal the corners with a cock?? What oh.. Calk 😂
great instructional video- enjoyed the humor also, and i agree with the other comments about the music volume. I'm glad I saw your video first vs going through all the other more complicated ways of doing this. Sorry, if I missed it, but how, and at what point would you add color? Thanks again for a great video!
Wow...just wow. Best DIY video ive ever seen. Hands down!! Entertaining and very very informative. Keep them coming. I'm a fan!!
Everything was cool until the time 15:00 minutes. I don't like that part. Are you not gonna polish the top surface?
Great job!  Very informative and concise. Thanks and keep them coming!
Yup, very cool!
Great video....Do you do anything to hold the grout in place or just pour slow? Get more videos out soon, I'm running out of projects.
That was a very interesting piece of simple furniture you made from common mortar and that design layout added to that slab.  Totally Awsome, and I liked the way you filmed it all.  And your kind generosity to give it to a freind.  There should be more people like you in this world. I appreciate you filming this video, and I learned from it.  And I know what to do in the future for such a project.  Thanks again.
Where did you find the pattern for the stencil? Excellent video
AWESOME VIDEO!!!   I would never have guessed it’s your first. This is the first technique I’ve seen that made me say “I can absolutely do that.” If you wanted to color the countertop, would it be better to dye the mix, or stain afterwards? Looking forward to more videos
Liked and subscribed. Question: would it be fine to slurry over the top and sand for a smooth finish or would that have messed up your neat decorative patterns?
Great video!!! I've been wanting to tackle concrete counter tops and you explained everything so well. Thank you!!!
@michael builds what camera are you using it's great!
Love it - should have leveled off the form though - you can see one side (right) is slightly higher.
Love your video!! Entertaining, informative, well balanced with clear instruction. Super job! Keep them coming!!
Excellent! Great cinematography. No bullshit. Straight up educational!
Dude, that was great, thanks! I think I may have developed a bit of a man crush 😂
Great video bro from the beginning you had me hooked lol the only suggestion I would have is if your talking turn the music way down so we can hear you clearly other than that great video you just got a sub from me
Wow dude was awesome video you killed it congrats
Amazing skill and creative imagination loved watching this project,learnt a lot....thankyou
I loved this video!!! That table is so cool!!! I also loved your humor. AWESOME dude!!!!
Excellent job! Thank-you, keep up the great work!
How thin would you be comfortable making a table top? With that size?
yeah, but it looks like shit...
What was your total cost just as an estimate for me?
Great vid. Looking forward to more!
First video, 2 months ago, already 30K+ subscribers!!!  You deserve it!  This video has it all.  Great information presented in a fun and easy way.  No useless chatter.  Opportunities to keep as is or take things steps further.  Thought I might skip through parts.....nope.  Got me hooked and watched every second!  Keep it up!!!  I like how you represented your Tigers too.  A subtle way for you to rep Detroit. Very good job!!!
Interesting, informative, and useful. My only complaint is the music is too loud.
Hi I was wondering why the grout you used for the design didn't move. Was there something I missed or just the nature of the method? Thank you.
Very nice work!  I'm a woodworker and this is a great way to add concrete tops to some of the tables I build. At first, I didn't like the edge until you took the hammer to it. The reged edge made a huge difference.  Thanks for sharing with us!
I gotta try this. It's so effn cool
Love your first vid!!! What is an extremely cheap option to put waterproof panels on the underneath side of my 2nd story deck? My garden shed is going underneath that on the ground level with all my tools.
Nice job. Thanks for the info.
espectecular yo quiero hacerme una pero un poco de traduccion no hace daño besos
I work in the concrete industries and we call that a slump-buster your flow control probably more cheaper as a slump-buster.
Think this will work great for a shelf supported by angle iron. Nice work
First person I’ve ever subscribed to... well done sir
Great editing and craftsmanship. Very entertaining
I always say "Think Outside the Box"! Great job and keep on doing what you do.
14:45 "nice rounded corners" 16:11 no longer haha
You forgot the re-bar!!
Informative & funny! Kick ass video!
I would love to see how you do a  bathroom countertop.
Just found your channel. Stoked that I started with your first video. I really enjoyed your project (inspired me to do a concrete top for my future BBQ cart) and I really enjoyed your video and editing skills.
I would have never guessed this was your very first video... I loved it! you have all the bells and whistles the people doing videos for a long time have. Cant wait to see your other ideas! I'm already thinking of using what I learned today from you, thank you!
No doubt about it! -Best tutorial on YouTube! I am so motivated! Looking forward to what comes next!
It's awesome to see the grace that God has given you.  Keep up the great work and I really enjoyed watching your video. Learned a lot today.
I really like this because there no need for fancy tools. I also like the suggestion on using screws that need to be pre-drilled. It's the first time I have seen window cleaner for a cleaner wipe-off. I have sometime had small issues.  Also, getting a nice shine to start with is great. Polishing concrete makes a lot more mess than granite and the clean up sucks.  Evidently, the WD-40 appears to work better than things I have used.
Wow, this was easy to follow and didnt require a ton of expensive tools. Thank you! Also, the only thing that could have made it better is you presenting the table to your cousin and getting their genuine reaction. I bet he was stoked!
can you use a different motar mix than the rapid set version? looking to save a few bucks
Great tutorial.
absolutely fantastic ... I need a table for my backyard !! Muchas Gracias
How thin do you think I can go with using mortar mix for countertop?
So if I wanted to pour it in place, do you think the RapidSet would trowel nice and smoothly? I've never worked with it before. It looks much more soupy than concrete.
Awesome video!!! Rockin table. I love the ease of it. And cool!!! You make it look so easy. Keep em coming!!
Michael,  Great video ... thanks for taking the time to create!   Did have a question:  Have you tried using unsanded grout as well as mixing multiple colors of grout?  I was curious if the unsanded would just leave a pattern without as much texture.    Thanks, Jon.
Great Job!
great video.
Hey Mike, I like what you've got in your shed and the knowledge in your head. Keep up the good work, brother.
Please do not do videos with background music! Very annoying and absolutely unnecessary.
Wow so simple i think i can do this.  I worked at home depot a few years ago and saw the staff use concrete on our breakroom countertops. I love the look.  Good Video!
I clicked on this video by accident while watching a music video; HOWEVER, me being the DIY'er that I am, I'm glad I came across this vid. Wasn't expecting you to say this was your first tutorial. Awesome job!
Awesome video!
Michael - You gave me an idea!  Use your idea/method to make a work surface to set my kettle grill in. I've seen other videos on making a work surface/table out of wood to set the kettle grill into but was not enthused because wood can be charred by the heat from the grill AND it is not "food safe".  The concrete/mortar is perfect for that use and would be easy to clean!  The inset stencil design would really make it really unique!   :-)   My idea is to make a "tabletop" with an appropriately sized hole to set the kettle grill in, then set that top on a wood frame (like your coffee table frame) with wheels, on an axle through two of the legs, for mobility.  THANKS for the inspiration!  GREAT VIDEO!
I’m so a FAN!!!!!
Loved your teaching style.  Informative yet playful.  You really need to get rid of the music though.  It is way to loud and very distracting.
Super video - please make more!!
Even I could do this! Thanks for keeping it simple!
Great video, I had my doubts about your design on the top but you pulled it off beautifully.  You have inspired me to make some outdoor tables for the deck.  Again great video!!!
Very nice video bud
Dude you made this look so easy even a cave man can do it!  This is a super idea so thanks for sharing.  This makes the dream of building your own cool outdoor kitchen come more into focus and maybe even doable!  👍
Great how to video! Not sure what your day job is but very nice camera work also.
This is my first comment on a you tube video and I have watched thousands. This was informative and fun to watch. I will be making my bar top for the outside bar using this technique this weekend! Thanks
My heart skipped a beat when he said "Live Edge!!" This guy is crazy!!
Thanks from the UK nice video
Wait wait wait... if it takes the concrete 1 hour to dry how are you going to make a concrete counter in 1 hour?... hell the silicon takes 24 hours alone... as you pointed out! Stop with the Lies!! :P
Some great tips there said and some only shown. Hopefully my next project will be better because of it. You made it look so easy! Occasional bloopers would make us feel less incompetent ;)
This is great
Because of this video I now not only want to redo all of our counters but make molds for furniture and etc too.... So many options it's crazy! Is there a good way to stain the concrete mix that you suggest, that doesn't degrade the strength or integrity of the finished product? Definitely liked and subscribed and can't wait to see what other videos you have. Thank you!
Fantastic work, thank you!
i wanna see your cousins reaction!!! i figured that was coming, but you cut us off!!! LOL! hopefully we can at least get a word about it and how it went over!
Cool stuff!! i will need this in the near future!! Thanks!!!
Rough cuts is lookin for a new host!
Man knocked it out of the park! Thanks
Dan Wisnoski I really liked the how to video on the concrete counter top. I am retired & always looking for projects to do. Is it possible to get a materials list.
Beautiful table very unique to say the least, using the old pallet was the cherry on top. Great job man would love to see more of your videos!!!!
How would this mortar hold up as an outdoor front step?
you got what It takes. keep on going.
Great video, great job leaving a supplies list
A few minutes?  Nope
Subscribed. This was incredibly fun to watch and great original ideas and tips.
Dude... awesome!
kick ass 5 stars man
This is by far the funniest and most enjoyable video I've ever seen. I tried this method and got my kitchen and bath done in two days time. Thanks dude your great.
Bob Ross is dead.
Awesome dude.  I would put that on my back porch any day.  Hope you don't mind if I copy you.
Excellent. Thanks!
Great video and project brother.  I'm a woodworker and like to occasionally experiment with different materials.  Couldn't help but notice the Strat body on your shop wall.  Have your ever tried to form a plastic(acrylic) guitar body?  Would love to see that.  I'm a half assed picker also.  Great job on the table, I'll bet it blew your cousin away.  Cheers, Doug
I Like this! Oh,and im L👀ING for a Man too! You Available? LoL
Dope, loved it
Hi first off great video. Awesome table. Quick question do you think it possible to up scale this to a 3 foot wide to maybe 6 foot long dining table with wood inlays. Love that look. All the other videos require so many tools I don’t have and don’t have space for that it’s almost impossible to make. Would like to get your opinion. Thanks and you have a new subscriber.
Man this is the best DIY concrete countertop video on YouTube!! Great job!! Now please post some specialty mold videos!!
I LOVE IT
The music volume needs to be turned down or removed altogether.  I had to constantly adjust the volume down so I did not disturb other family members.  Otherwise a neat video.
Cool ! Have you considered your own TV series?Very professional video for a newb. You are a natural.
great advise. music sucked tho. Less is more. I've done masonry for years and I learned a bunch , thanks
Cool tip on the window cleaner.  Do you know if sulfur free clay reacts with concrete?     Also goes by the name Plasticine, or Kleen Clay.
Very informative and funny.  Great job dude!
Just found you and subbed awesome video thanks
I'm on my third viewing of this. I can't wait for whatever you produce next.
Great video, concrete for a coffee table you don't think about. It makes me wonder what cool effects you could get on the surface, what you did was good, I wonder what you could use to pit the surface on top maybe with a water blaster or something,  and I'm wondering how you could maybe add metal in the mix,  a very cool video, I don't really do this stuff but you have me thinking about it, thanks.
I would love to learn the mold making!! Plus I could watch your videos all day, you have what it takes!
Very cool! Can’t wait to see more😃
I would love to make a 60”round patio table like this!  How would you make a round mold?  Great video!!!
P.s nonstick cooking spray is cheaper than wd40. ;)
R u single?  If not do u have a brother ;)
Love it
Great stuff. Poured my own countertops the long and labor intensive way. Glad that I did and love them, but this method is killer! The window spray, screw type and grout mix tips are awesome, thanks!
Beautiful! Would you need a sealer too?
YOUR FIRST VIDEO.... seriously ??  One of the best instructional videos I have watched & I watch a lot of them.  I am a housewife who gleans all my building knowledge from videos.  I have limited tools, limited strength, yada yada. However I have big diy dreams.  After watching this video “I am sure I can do this”...  I subscribed.
How many ways can I say Awesome!!!! That is by far the easiest and most comprehensive guide to build with concrete I have ever seen!!! I Soooo see a couple coffee Table/Settee combos in our future!!! Pallet Wood for the win!!!!!
I dont have face book and never have can i still do this?
YES Michael Builds!>... has talents and high level skills...thank you for sharing and entertaining the peoples all over the world!...M...))
Great first video, Mike! I like your presentation style. Best of luck with things!
great, simple easy but a few things to add, finish? no but one l like doing is vegetable oil darker but good for keeping nice smoother feel just keep adding once a year, grout color good if you want but put on edge to continue look and if you want live edge mix with concrete and put on edge so when you cut you still have color there too, easier for beginners to do live edge s to buy a mason chisel to hold easier than control hitting hammer on concrete and missing
Awesome video, learned a lot, and you are easy on the eyes.
Beautiful work
Awesome video dude!
I have a stupid question. On every bag of concrete I've ever seen they   say something like, "This product is a known carcinogen."  If you google it, you'll see that it has a cumulative effect.  Why would you want to prepare the food that you and your family eat on it every day? I'm not trolling. It does look nice and is way cheaper than marble.
Thumbs up pulls nails with molars
Awesome...First Video...OMG This is such a kewl production...You nailed it with your style...Great top too... picked up some good tips ( I'm in Europe...)
1st video?  Wow I’m equally impressed with the building skills and video editing. (Editing took longer than table right? Lol) Awesome project thanks for sharing
In the beginning When he said pain in the ass...I literally subscribed!🤣
Very informative and I enjoy the energy be puts into this video.
How can you get a shining finish?
Outstanding!
Love the video!!! What clearcoat/ sealer would you use?
Love the video great job. But with that coffee table those slats on the bottom I just imagine that you lose the remote down there once and can’t get it back because the table is way to heavy 😂
Does the dry grout stencil design stick to the WD40? I thought it would smear out if you poured concrete on it? Awesome countertop, great instructions, thanks!
This is awesome. 1st video and Mad skills.  I can even make this now. Thank you 😎
Wow. Just wow. This was just spot-on! First and only vid I'll watch for my spring kitchen counter build. You've got me thinking about pouring around a sink and making inlays. I hope your channel booms for ya! Keep up the awesome work.
Solid project bro he'll ya
Wow, this is awesome!  Thanks for sharing!
Love it - except for the fucking music. Man, can't you understand volume control? And pleaseeee ... enough with this generic wallpaper music -- it's destroying my enjoyment of otherwise good productions like this one. Cheers. (Please join my new group - Hate Use of Mindless Musical Pap on Youtube - HUMMPY)
You can get Rapid set from a lot of vendors, not exclusively at Home Depot. Not a bad rustic looking little project though.
The live edge is silly,  like peeing on great art work,  get help.......nice video though,  thanks...cheers !:0)
Hope you don't mind but I posted this video on my Facebook.
Awesome video. Very fun to watch and very informative. Thanks for sharing
Totally professonal video work!  Fit and finish are perfect.  Music's too loud!
Very Kool!!!!
That was an awesome first video and an extraordinary project.
You should be teaching everything on youtube.
Great fn Video for the first time pal!! you have what it takes ... Im thinking of doing a fountain out of concrete . Like round and shallow with a 6 or 7 foot water spout ,what do think? feel frogie ? can you show me ?
Great video. Easy complete instructions. I'd like to do my kitchen countertops. You're free to use my home for the video production in you make them. (had to try)
For your 1st video you have sold me, fantastic job. I hit that Subscribe button too. Very well done sir.
Great job on your first video!!!!
Great video and nice  job.
oops - almost forgot. My dentist is my next door neighbor and he watched your video with me on Saturday last.  He wanted to send you his office number and contact info. He’s sure you’re going to need some implants sooner or later if you keep pulling out nails with your teeth! <grin>  But the greedy bastard is not cheap. Don’t take his first ‘estimate’. He’ll take less if you insist you can get it done elsewhere for less. And I assure you, given his initial retail prices, you can!
Great Video (well shot, and even better editing - pro quality is not usually seen on YouTube but you set the bar a bit higher for everyone else!)  The countertop and coffee table were amazing, too. GOOD JOB!  Yes, I may even try it myself on an aging bar cart we have and the movers broke the marble top last time we moved - but given I paid $800 (14 years ago) for a solid rock maple bar cart on wheels, I’m not going to throw the thing out. New top and some serious epoxy paint for the finish on the maple wood and it will be better than new, I hope!
very creative video making  but would be much better and much more viewable  with about half the "cute"  transitions.
awesome, worth watching if for nothing else, just the foaming window cleaner trick
Great video! Wish you didn't bang up the sides of the concrete and I would have liked to see you sand and finish the pallet wood. Also as someone in the commercial construction industry I would have wished you put some welded wire mesh in the concrete, but overall loved the video!
Really nice table. I am wondering if this would work with a technique we saw a few years ago where they put crushed (broken) shards of blue glass in the cement. Can you tell me if that is possible?  Thank you for sharing your video and for making it look so easy to build a cement counter/table-top.
Is it possible to add a color pigment to this cement? I've always wanted a concrete desk top, but I prefer the white color of the White Portland Cement.
How has it held up? Any cracking? We are definitely going to use this method next weekend for our outdoor bar next weekend. Great video!
Thanks for the great video.  I may have missed this, but what are the dimensions of the melamine?  I noticed you used two bags, I am trying to map out my purchase.  Thanks.
For those areas with HIGH THEFT!
Fabulous!!! Love the look, the ease and oh yeah recycled goods. Could I see the way you make a round mold, I need a top for my metal patio set. You just showed me the solution. Oh yeah, I’m putting corrugated metal in my kitchen. I think I just found my countertop!!
Useful tips. Especially liked the window cleaner... Music to zero while you are talking please. I'm sure once it's installed it'll be OK, but how would it survive a drop or tensile load (for example point load in the center when supported only on the 2 sides)? Is it really OK  without any rebar at all?
You need your own show! Awesome job!!
I want to make a countertop using some of the natural rusty looking gravel that is on my property. Is there an easy way to integrate this fine gravel into this project?
Please get a microphone. Constantly up and down with the sound, can't hear anything you saying, then blasted by music.
Killed it bro. Beautiful work and one of the most entertaining engaging DIY videos.
Great video. Enjoyed it. You did great job with everything.  Thanks.
1st one? Man you nailed it!
PRETTY DAMN SWEET!
Wicked awesome
you are awesome!! I am so doing this one
AweSome!  I may never make any of your projects (it's complicated, lol) but I'll certainly watch them all . . . . & share them!
This is your first? It's excellent.  You are motivating me!
Man, the quality of this video is amazing. Well produced, super informative, really entertaining, you didn't ramble about small irrelevant things, just the stuff we need to know and your seem like a really great, genuine dude.   I'm planning on starting a channel about audio and sound in the next few months once I get my head around editing and animation. It's not often I get to see a channel in its infancy like this and it's exciting TBH.   Thanks for the video. You have my subscription!
I like pulling nail out with teeth. going to do this. great job going to check out all your stuff,Thanks
COOL!!!!!!!!!
The editing is awesome! You make the difference!
Where did you get your stencil?
Nice table for a MAN CAVE.  I have a work room just like yours..outside
Very cool. Thanks! Great DIY style.
Loved it !!!!
Great job like the video pleasant to watch waiting for more to see if I can do something different in my garden come spring all the best from UK
Hey very cool video  I have a question?  Are u single ???
Simply, fantastic! Congrats, man...excellent video!
👍🏽 Make me one PLEASE 🙏🏽
geeat job.
Great video keep them coming
Fun video. Don't forget to remind viewers about proper personal protective equipment when working with silica. You don't want to breathe that stuff in being that it is glass in microscopic form that doesn't leave your lungs.  Most DIYers don't have a clue to the long term effects.
Amazing Job! Love it!
Great video my freind. You come across as a touch over confident... and so you should your a gun! Thanx heaps!!!
What a nice video it COULD have been, if the stupid "music" had been completely absent!
Very cool! Thanks for sharing this!
Great video.  I like your style and this is a really neat intro to some cool products I never knew about.  I'm looking forward to your mold making videos.  One small suggestion is to adjust your volume dynamics so I can hear you talk without the music in the non-speak parts being too loud.
just <3'd this, thank you!
You're a natural! Great job, man. Really liked the grout idea. This would go great with my boyfriend...welding up a steel frame  as an outdoor table. What if someone had a strong desire to have a round form for a round top? What kinda materials could make that happen? Thank you. Fixin' to stalk your YouTube for more cool shit.
wow. Impressive! Video, information, entertaining... all of it. How in the heck did you get the grout powder to stay in place when you poured concrete over it? Did it stick to the WD-40? Is that why it stayed in place? I was honestly very surprised at the quality of your entire production here - being your first video. I couldn't tell at all. Well done!
Probably  the  best diy video I have ever seen
Ummmm you’re f***ing awesome!!!!!! Wish you were our neighbor. Keep em coming. Oh! Sealing it? Countertop for kitchen that mimics granite. White\gray?
Can't wait to build some for my back yard. Entertaining from start to end. Clear even us females can follow along,my yard is going to rock
Excellent!! Absolutely love the grout/stencil idea.
10/10 Great Video! Very inspiring!😎👊💙☑
EXCELENT video.  You have a gift for this!
I love watching all sorts of home projects. Great video just like a pro. Completely understandable information mixed with just a tad humor. Kept my attention for the full 19, almost 20 minutes video. Well done.
The only thing better than the counter top tutorial was the amazing videography. Awesome.
Great job!
Can you still do dyes and/or polishing with this substrate from your video? Regardless if you can't I will still build my tiki bar with this, I was just wondering if I could do polished look for indoor style?
Had to watch this twice you are natural just inherited my dads farm wanted concrete cabinets but so complicated as you said ty ty ty for this easy solution. And I thought everyone had a pallet pile lol. I’ve used his old barn doors and wood all inside for a bar,windows,beams ... this will go great 👍
Excellent video style and great content.  Thanks
I got hammered then hammered the like button after I thought you said get hammered and hammer the like button. You owe me $250 for a new phone and $27.50 for a bottle of Crown. 😲😲😂
Can you do a diamond polish on that ???
That's Amazing.
Fantastic work and certainly not boring to watch.  Great video.
great video !!
Great work and excellent instruction, but kinda hard to watch your stuff with my kids in the room.  Be a lot better and commercial if you didn’t use bad language.
Great video!!!  Can not wait to give it a try!!!!!   Thank you.
subbed!
Do you just water it once or keep watering over the full hour? Can there be too much water? Great video!!
Great educational video. Thank you. Very well edited!
Ditch the background music.
So freakn' cool man. Really appreciate the video. Well done!
Excellent job. I have watched a million countertop videos. Yours the best by far. Can you make one on how to add color?  Your first video set the bar high. Keep up the good work.
Mask when cutting melamine!  Otherwise awesome!
Love the video, you are funny and you make watching it very pleasant!!!
Great content in your video I like the way you put things together it's good. The volume of the music I pretty much had to mute it when you weren't talking because it was really loud.
Great video bud. Keep them coming
The "this is America, & I can do what I want" had me lol-ing! Subscribed 😄 You seem like a pretty cool dude!
Nice fucking work Michael!!! 👌
What’s your tips for the stencil?  My first attempt the letters in mine smeared and came off line. Maybe I put down to little or to much sanded grout???
LOOOOOOVE  IT ❤❤❤!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOOOVE THE JOKING AROUND TOO :) !!!!!!!!!
awesome video ;; thanks
Real good video
Michael: is that an 'iron ring' on your right-hand little finger? Great video!
Excellent! Artistic/ Instructional/ Upload more, please!!!! You are a builder but an artist as well!
Is there a replacement for rapid set mortar since I don’t have a Home Depot?
Very nice and helpfull video by the way
This is not America,  this is tha united states in the american continent,   America is the whole continent and in this continent there are many other countries ... brasil, uruguay, mexico,belize and so many others. So this is not America. This is the United states..
Holy cow, what a great first video. Subscribed!
Does that silicon window spray trick work with all caulk ?
first video? very great work man!! super informative and entertaining! can't wait to see more!
Best concrete counter how to I’ve found so far. Personally I don’t dig the beat to crap pallet and reclaimed craze going on these days, I’d run those boards through the planet for sure and joint them all and make a nice finished piece for that nice slab to sit on. But your cousin better be stoked n thankful. Usually I glue wedges onto the top that fit into the corners of the frame so it can be moved separately from the frame (and can make a nicer frame down the line to match other furniture additions
This was a GREAT video!  I've always wanted concrete countertops, but all of the other videos had me thinking I couldn't do it.  Can't wait to see more of your videos.
Finally, my LAST concrete counter-top video viewing EVER. Thank you so much for the fine work you did producing this great video. Keep up the great work. Looking forward to more!
great video, particularly for your first video...gotta say, I'm impressed with the everything you did!!  Thanks for sharing!
Nice job!..:)
Love the easy method. Do you think I would need to reinforce the thin spots for a sink knockout?
Ok... So can anyone tell me what’s the grout used in this video? That’s the only part missing from me doing just the same! 😅
Ok, that was AMAZING! YES PLEASE MORE VIDEOS on mold making! Start with the firepit or the concrete bowl or a bench. I need them all for my outdoor room. (aka my back yard). PS your hilarious!
I thoroughly enjoyed your entertaining video. I subscribed. Thanks.
Nicely done.  Clever tip on the Rapid Set.  I suspect it would work well for pour-in-place also, without having to wait so long.
I love your B roll too!!!
For only joining on December 7th 2018 and already have 27,000 subscribers that's amazing! Keep up the good work I'm definitely subscribed.  Looking forward to more videos.  Your video is so cool I love it. Great editing, great explanation, I love the way you trusted your project by testing it. Nice dude more more more! Can't wait for the next one project!
Most excellent.  Building my own house which means counters, lots of them. And that fire pit, very nice!
Hey I couldn't figure out how to contact you via youtube but I'd like to put your countertop video in my blog and give you a s/o. Our content isn't for everyone but we cater to men's lifestyle. Please email me at m.thorbros@live.com  Great video! Can't wait to make one next weekend! Truly the best video I've seen on how to make a countertop mold. -mack
A whole countertop may be too much for a first project, but I'm totally pondering some pavers.
Not to shabby for a first video bud. In fact it was the opposite of shabby. I would like more content from you.
I'm guessing you spent at least 10 hours setting up the various shots and doing the video editing.  A couple constructive criticisms, cause I think you did a good job, but we can always get better. (1) The "grab the camera" transition got old after the second time.  You put so much work into pouring out the shot and the "snap fingers" cuts... the "grab camera cut" just bothers me 'cause it looks like amateur hour where someone grabs the camera to stop recording. (2) Put up a material list and/or budget on screen.  It makes it more user friendly.  I can't stand how cooking shows don't do this anymore.  The implication is that people aren't going to actually do the project, they are just watching for entertainment.  People who want to do it end up having to go back and watch over, or read the blog, etc. (3) Don't use the phrase "spice it up" in a construction video.  Ever. Martha Stewart can maybe get away with it, but I don't think you'd ever hear Norm Abrams say "spice it up". He'd say something like "The live edge will add a dimension to the surface by bringing out the coloration of the coarses and fines in our mortar mix. And you can even take it to the next level by adding crushed colored glass or colored pottery fragments, just make sure they are small enough ... blah blah blah."  Otherwise, first rate job.  I learned a couple tricks I hadn't seen before, like the foaming window cleaner on the caulk.
Awesome clip, pay no mind to those Yoyo's who simply just cant say anything nice. Keep on trucking on it brother.
I realize you used grout for your design, does that set w the WD40 that easy so it doesn’t move when u pour concrete? Impressive and well done
Great video and instructions.  Going to save it for my outdoor kitchen I am building.
Excellent video.  I was inspired,  so much that I actually went into my garage today. Can you make a canoe in your next video?  My garage is mostly full of stuff sitting around my half-finished canoe I started making last year.   Maybe I'll get shamed into finishing the canoe after I watch your video. My wife would be thankful.
Very excellently done you are very good for your first video One suggestion I might make to go a little further is what would be the top Edge of the Forum add some molding when I did concrete pool decks I would put a styrofoam crown molding Edge next to the pool Temecula concrete was almost sat we told them off and touch that looked excellent stamped concrete and Staind
The grout embellishments, can you explain a little deeper what you did? I assume you actually mixed and let the grout harden? Otherwise wouldn't it have spread all over the place when pouring the concrete? Great video though, you have given me some great tips to create a nice fire table for my patio...
Man that top is awesome! Great job
My only suggestion as far as the actual video goes would be not to use the same/similar royalty free background music that every “vegan/van life/travel lifestyle/backpacking/yoga/organic food/beauty product influencer” is using. It’s kind of annoying as fuck. I said kind of, but I  am not truly sincere about that. It’s annoying as fuck.
never thought of using Mortar Mix, didn't realize that sets faster and has a higher PSI strength. Also props on the editing, you make my videos look like complete dog shit. a thought on something you could seal the top with epoxy to fill the voids and give a completely flat surface if it was gonna be a countertop or something like that where you need it smooth.
Wouldn't that be a bit of a knee-scraper or little kid head rasper in a coffee table application?
My table is going to be 80x40 or so. At what point do I need to be concerned about adding mesh or rebar? I am unfamiliar with the mix being used, but it's impressive that you were standing on the table after only one hour.
Awesome coffee table!!!
cool vid , came here looking for a pizza oven cement mix , you know normal cement or refractory > how much perlite etc
Cool. Great work!
Nice work. And since it's your first video I forgive you for the horrible background music.
super cool!!!! A+
First video? No way. Great job. Too funny. Nice job on the table. I am using this technique on a counter top project for my green house. Thanks
Thank you for the caulking tip!!!
Could you use colored grout for the extra design you added?
How would you put pours together for a kitchen? I was also thinking that a piece of molding on one side or edge would create a nice effect on the pour. Such as a bull nose or other shape.
A tour d'force of cinematography, composition, sound track, and dialog. Think: Sundance Film Festival and Cannes. Nothing less.    I like the sand idea. Different colored sand might be worth an experiment.
What? No babbling with a thousand uhs packed into 2 minutes telling viewers what you’re doing?  Thank you!  Great video.
This video was very professionally done! And a very cool table! Little overboard on the silliness though.
I don't usually comment on videos, but may I just say, not only are you a very talented, knowledgeable individual, you're also creative (setting out a mirror image compass mould) and have a real flair for video making.  Pouring concrete "over" the camera and having a camera "under the mould" were particularly impressive. You've got a great sense of humour to boot.  Well done and thank you.
Man...I like your style..
build mode.. wait 24 hours for caulk to dry.... so, how is this 1 hour if it takes a full day for just the prep work to get done, looks like 25 hours at least...
What... ? I loved the video. Of course I’m subscribing.
Impressive.  I was about to buy a granite slab, but this seems way cheaper and stronger
Loved it!
So what happens if you hit it with a Lichtenburg fractal-burn generator right after flipping? Better than most Depot commercials. The camera and editing crew.. non-union?
i want to replace my 1930's 4 foot sink with a concrete sink and drain pan on the side just like the one that is currently rusting away. is this possible?
Great video - super informative and terrific production values too!!!  Liked & subscribed Cheers Doc
Nice video, informative, to the point and funny.  I hope my top turns out that nice.
I think you are cute, and fun to watch!
Can not believe this is your first video. What a pro. An awesome counter hope youve made more vids ill check an sub.
VERY GOOD AND EASY TO FOLLOW
Great table! Great video! Great job! 👍🏻
You are good, keep going !!!!!
Great job!  Really enjoyed your skill set and honesty.  I am inspired to try an "L" shaped counter top for my kitchen.
Super Video!
for tighter lines i would recommend making a small amount of concrete like less than a pint (no flow control), and just staining it with a concrete pigment and then put painters tape over your design and use a putty knife to spread the concrete over your design, then lift the design and clean it up where it needs it, then pour the rest of the concrete though this is more work the design would turn out very crisp. for viens i would recommend using some pigment to give one bucket of cement more color and then pouring one bucket into another ( you will need another pair of hands for this.)
I thought you had a television show. You had a really good forest video it felt like I was watching a tv show! I love the table and you have a lot of talent.
Great editing and the project can be taken to a different level.
I really liked your video and how simply you explain.  I was however turned off by the use of the F bomb.
Great video for a noob! I would have never guessed it was your first one. I'll be trying this on an kitchen island that the wife wants. One question I have is, how do you figure out how much mortar mix you're going to need? Thanks for the tips! Hope you keep pushing out DIY tips!
Your first video. My first subscribe.
First video my butt, you're a natural.  Awesome job, and thanx for your time.
Dude I cannot believe this was your first video! Amazing job! Great production and content! Keep it up!
Great video.  I can attempt it now..  Question:  If I wanted to make one with a kitchen faucet would I just coat 1" pipes in WD-40 and tape in place?
Sir, your teaching skills and videography and editing are superb. Many guys know their stuff very well, but when it comes to sharing it with the world they are either too technical, or too boring. You have made a video that is excellent in the technical side, and entertaining and fun to watch. Even though it is a little long, my ADD-laden brain didn't want to go to another video after the first 10 seconds. I watched the whole thing enthralled the whole time. And I think I can make this thing myself!  I do have two questions: what is the weight of the finished product? and why would you stand the mold on two buckets (with relatively small surface) instead of something more sturdy like an A-stand? Wouldn't the corners sag with the weight of the concrete?  Thank you again for an awesome video. Can't wait to see what else you have!
Love love your work. Thanks for making learning easy
Totally and completely blown away! Awesome job.
Video was great and the craftsman ship was excellent. I am making an outdoor patio table for the wife and I am going to use your method for the table top. Great video and I really like your fire pit mold at the end of the video. Great job.
You are cute to boot. 🙈
For us women out there(and men doing this for women) you can get mica flakes to put into the mix to add sparkle. This can also be sealed and topped with resin to keep it from staining.
Great Video! A ton of fun, keep it up.
This is AWESOME!
Great video, loved it!!
First video? Whaaa?!  Great job.
Your first video!!?  I have absolutely no reason to make a concrete counter top, but that was one of the best edited and most enjoyable videos I have watched in long time.  Thanks for taking the time to do it.  Just subscribed.
The audio blows in this video,  get that horrendously loud music out
Could have been a great video but the music ruined it.
Great video! Never thought of using the high strength mortar.  I always used a concrete mix.  I'm gonna give it a shot next time. Thanks
informative video.
Good information, thank you.  BUT get rid of the horrid music that constantly goes up and down in volume!!!!!!!!!!!
Great Video Man i have a Question i Am Having a Problem finding The Answer To ( What Material is Cultured Marble Made From What is It Called and Were Can i Get it thanks man
Fantastic result....I cannot wait till the snow melts....
Great video and technique. I am looking to make a table that is 72" x 42" x 2" - any concerns over the size with no reinforcement? I would probably try to lighten the weight a bit by using some foam insulation to create some voids in the concrete/mortar. Thoughts?
I like it. solid practicle. Utilizable.
What size was your table top. How do you figure how much cement to use for other sizes?
You rock dude! You totally have the personality for doing videos. I will be using your technique for sure. Can't believe how many views you got in 2 months. Liked the music as well. I'll be checking out Peter's video maybe try my hand at a first Youtube video. Thanks and make more.
Dude that table is cool... Thanks for making this video... Way. Way. COOL
would love to see more videos on simplifying this process, I have heard there are dyes to color cement, would love to do mine in blue for my kitchen. Plus more on finishes would be helpful.
Nice project, but spoiled by the 'music'. Everybody has their on taste in music, what may sound good to one person, will offend others.
Great pour tips. But why homely, heavy concrete? Some guys always pick out the homeliest girl in the room. Go figure.
Awesome video man , you and I are much alike in the way we view "time" ..... Just to ad to your knowledge ( you probably already know or have seen ) , I did this same idea of counter tops with an old German guy ( very smart ) and we used plastic inside the forms - even wrinkled it , put coins , trinkets , and leaves etc. for texture / looks ..... Very cool method though man , I wish I could make videos and share some of my tricks of the trade , keep doing it man .
This is what you get when you add one part Bob Vila, a teaspoon of Bob Ross,  a cup of Captain Morgan, and two parts Tim the Tool Man Taylor.  Outstanding first video - the perfect blend of humor and practical advice, all delivered in an entertaining way.  I picked up a few great tips, and had fun doing it - thanks!
I'm going to do something like an L shape. It will eventually become a shooting range bench. Just now (49) getting into DIY FABRICATION PROJECTS and this video...a HUGE help"! (I better save myself any possible future DIY headaches and subscribe...got a heart for my original comment too...BONUS)!🙏🇺🇸👍
Not only is the project BEAUTIFUL, your funnier than heck  ;)
Adorable. In love from Brazil.
Love the video, but the music sucks balls. Can't you make them without it?
that is one freakin awesome table!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the video but wow is this a HD infomercial? Every tool and all material are HD. What's your background Mike? Where did you come to with this idea to start this channel?
With the outdoor propane table tops being the rage currently. If I made a cutout in the middle for a pan, to hold the burner and stone. With the void do you think this method will be strong enough? or need to add strength somehow?
Build a house at Home Depot decorate it at Lowes.
wow found you by mistake.  Autoplay after Art and Brie, but now we subscribed love your show keep em coming
This is by far the best/easiest video for concrete countertops.
Great job Mike...you got me to hit the subscribe button. Like your style of instruction and humor. Make more videos.
Agreed. Great personality, great bounce, great fun and very inspiring. I'll probably never get round to ever casting a worktop but goodness, I enjoyed that. Thanks, from the UK.  Where on Earth did the 440 'thumbs down' come from? Sad people, obviously.  George
Nice! Now make some more videos!!! Lol
I like it a lot!!!!....good job
Loved it man, please make more~!!!
What's the story with the 2x6 planks in the window @ 3:17?
Fuck that annoying music that is twice as loud as the comment volume. Jesus Christ!
I love it. I was totally shocked to see that it is your first video. You have talent and personality. I truly hope this just is only the beginning to a really big thing for you. Keep going. Looking forward to seeing more. Subscribed.
I never say this but my god your video was awesome!
You have a Rory Kramer-esk editing style! Love it. Keep it up!
Turned out great !
Can you PLEASE stop the music while talking? It makes it difficult to follow you :-(
Love it!!!!
Awesome video. Loved it. I even hit the subscribe button before I was halfway thru the video. I have never done that before with any video. Keep it up and keep em coming.
Got a little captain in ya?
Great Job! The table looks awesome. I'll bet your cousin loved it, I would've. Great job on the table, video, and personality.
Tried to find that csa mortar mix stuff at Lowes. No luck.
Actually, this is the first one of these I have seen.
You sir are one classy SOB.
DUDE!  The spray foam window cleaner trick alone deserves the thumbs up!!!
Great job
your first video my first comment ever. they nicked me slick years ago but  buddy I can't hold a candle to you don't be a one hit wonder keep em coming thank you
Any chance you're single? ;) So sexy!
What if you had to pour 5 bags? Would you worry about the setup time between mixing and pouring? And what do you think about adding a dye to the mix?  Great video by the way
Love, love, love!! Perfect timing for my ideas, so easily done now...thanks to you! Yes please make many more videos
Can any kind of coloring be added to the mortar mix?
This is your FIRST video? You are a natural! I watched your instruction to the end and had a few laughs at your spunk and cleverness! I can see you have a love for DIY for how good it makes you feel! I'm a FAN!
You know what time it is? It's time for "advanced mold making" video. Spring is fast approaching and that outdoor kitchen ain't gona make itself :)
#1 assemble the table upside down so you're not smearing construction adhesive everywhere, wait for it to cure before trying to flip it back unless you can get a helper.   #2 to help the new wood cuts to look similar to the rest (silver barnwoody type), you can age it by letting a bit of steel wool rust in 1/4 cup vinegar overnight, then dilute it 1:1 with water and put it on like a wood stain.  It won't be a perfect match but it'll be a lot less noticeable than fresh wood cuts. #3 the flow control mixing in shot was awesome, good job.
Love it, thx so much !
Cool, turned out great.
nice idea. what about mixing it with color? any recommendations on how?
Any chance that color is an option. Something like adding a paint to the mix ??
Dang son! That is an awesome first video. Hey it’s not really your first time, is it 😉
Congrats for your first video! Job well done. Have you thought of making a counter top table with concrete top?
This looks like a pretty simple method for making a countertop but if you're making one that has to fit against a wall, in a corner, etc...it's a whole different ballgame. I used to fab solid surface tops and you have to make pretty good stencils and take very precise measurements to make sure they fit right. Rarely will you have a perfectly straight wall. Of course your fitment against a wall, and whether you may see a gap against the wall or not,  will also depend on what you're using for a backsplash.  Something else...as far as adding a design or color is concerned, seeing as how it's still raw concrete when it comes out of the mold, you can use concrete stain right on the surface of the top. You can also use latex paint pigments as they will stain the concrete, as well. Doing tile jobs, I have used latex additives in my grout for years.  To color it, if you are looking for a specific color, take your sample to your paint store and let them computer match it.  Have them squirt the pigments into a can, coffee cup, or whatever...then carefully add it to your grout or concrete when you mix it. With grout I would suggest test mixing a very small batch first, keeping track of how much pigment you added to your mix, then let it kick off so you will what it looks like. Once you have your ratio right, mix your finish batch and grout away. This method should work just as well for painting a design concrete tops. Of course you would likely need to seal if afterwords.
Meh, the video was so and so...😔 I'm kidding, compliments, it's a great video, and you seem passionate about this, which is the most important thing.
"You're free, to do as we tell you"  ~Bill Hicks.
Dude what kind of mortar was that...I can't believe how strong it is and it's not cracked at all
Michael, you are a little wonky ... and I mean that in the nicest way possible.
great info, great style...
What a natural talent for making DIY videos.  Watch out Bob Villa!
You Sir! Are Freaking Awesome and most definitely meant to do this and I'm here for it!!! Thank you!!!
Nice video, entertaining none the least! but don't believe its the first lol
great project, gave me guts to take  make concrete items
Grest vid. Perhaps reduce some of the cute filler scenes and music a bit. Great work, snd thank you!
First video! I learnt more creative ways to worktop from your first than I did from the last 20 others. Good job Michael
DID IT HAVE TO BE THIS BIG?  OR COULD I USE 1 BAG?
I'd love to learn more about concrete mold making.
Don't watch a lot of these videos but I really loved this one ... keep up the great work!! p.s.  Just might try this!
Excellent tutorial.  Your content was great. It was informative and easy to follow, yet concise. The editing and camera work were top notch as well.  Very well done, keep the videos coming!
Awesome Sauce!🙏🇺🇸💪
Great job on your first video! You were funny and very informative and easy to follow. I feel like I could do this project!  Plenty of fun/interesting edits/cuts that make it feel thought out.
I like the way you spend so much time making a nice smooth edge and pointing out that fact, them chipping it off with a hammer.....was hilarious!
really good I have been putting off building for a while I have all the tools and equipment and constantly buy more all the time took construction class several of them started with my father who was in construction and used to take me with him.  watching you made me get up to get the compressor out and the Kreg jig. I watched other shows but for some reason, this one inspired me to get up and do it.  Thank You excellent video.  Yvonne
You had me at the promises, but the, "This is America & I can do what I want." got a thumbs up and got you added to my favorites.
You totally rock!   We're in the process of building a house from scratch, by ourselves. Taking a lot of time, but baby steps.   Absolutely doing our counters the Michael Builds way!  Great video, very personable, and fabulous idea!  p.s. I have never subscribed to anyone on YouTube before, but for you? I subscribed, and hubs is going to as well.
Great info!  And such fun too.  Thanks
Hi my name is Carlo and Im from South Africa , i must say VERY WELL DONE i would have tried it but we  not that up to date and theirs a lot of good stuff that i see on youtube but cant do much if it is possible and when you have time can you send me a list of everything you used in the video ill do the rest. i run a small business this side and would love to try it this side, but thank you Michael ive see good videos but just your vibe did it.
I'll say nothing more than, you could have made this a 5 min video. I didn't have the patience to watch a hairy kid play.
The information is great, the music is really annoying.
Love this video!
Top quality camera and sound makes me watch it to the end.  Learned alot! Buy everything from Home Depot.
I hate to say it, but dude, this was frigging AWESOME!!! I love it and it just encourages more and more ideas!! That Compass Rose and vein lines were a great toch and the pallet wood coffee table was top notch, I would pay good $$ for that!!!
Michael  I just watched the video and the sound didn't bother me as the content was compelling enough to hold my interest, which is not easy to do. I learned something and it kindled a heightened curiosity, which again is not easy to do because I am already curious about most things. Kudos on 23k subscribers with just one video. I subscribed and even turned on my notifications for the upcoming publications. I never do that. Good luck and see ya soon. Stay warm...
Badass loving it from uk
Great job on the editing and the content is informative enough that i feel I could take on this project with no issues! Thanks! Cheers.
that background  "music" is annoying as hell
Thanks for the video!
Grats, it's hideous.
Have to say I really enjoyed watching this and hope to see you do loads more! Thank you! Il certainly be giving this ago!
How did the concrete not smudge your powder design in the middle? Does the bottom of the table top have bucket marks in it when you turned it over?
really great video, not even for a first timer, its just a really great video.  you have sort of an Alton Brown kind of thing going on.
Superman has always been my hero until I saw this video ! You kick ass Mike !! 👍🏼👌🏼
Excellent video (most are not worth watching)  I thought you timing was great, many others just gab and stretch it out and everyone looses interest. For me, the music was fine, I’m no video expert, but I enjoyed the whole thing.  Watch out Tim and Nicole
One hell of a salesman!! cute too!!
That was dope!
OMGawd YOU are so amazing!!!!
This is wonderful been wanting concrete countertops for a while. I am a 63 year old grandma but I think I can pull it off. However I need a bit more info. How do I make the mold to go around sink faucets ect. Thanks
Kudos from Canada - you've got some serious charisma and a knack for the camera/choreography which keeps it moving.  Very well done - would like to see what you can do with back bacon and maple syrup ;)
Awesome 👍  (Mortar) Is it usual tile grout stuff or it's  premixed concrete ? I never heard about the flow control powder , it's very useful thing.
if this indeed your first video then all i can say is you are a natural at presenting. All the power to you brother. I am  a fan already.
Awesome!
Excellent video.. well done
Dooode that looks bad ass!
Great video andI love your relaxed, informative presentation. Keep it up.
That was pretty cool. Seems pretty simple..
Nice work
Did you add more water or it’s the flow control??
Interesting way to put design. Good job. Surprised that grout didn't flow and mix more.
Great vid and excellent topic
What a great job.  Looking for to more videos.  Going to have to try this for my our door cooking area.
Awesome video my friend
gr8! yes please more molds and start to finish creations! thanks!
Michael, **REALLY** well done video, thank you for sharing your expertise!  Would you go the same thickness (1.5") for a table top that is 6' 8" x 3' 4"? This concrete top would be a perfect replacement for a patio table I have.
It was cool and funny I enjoyed watching it yes I like to see you do some more it was funny thank you
Hey dude!!  Keep that going.  Just like that.  Honestly..... You have a personality and that'll take you a long way but the info you're providing is priceless.  Bless you and yours and ill be looking for more.  Take care....  thoroughly  enjoyed your video
A little bit of dish-soap and water in a spray bottle works just as well foam window cleaner for getting clean silicone beads. A little money-saving tip for you :)
Love the Detroit Tigers. I’m from Detroit!!!! Not a surrounding suburb. WV now but good video. Making a tiny off grid cabin. This will be my countertop.
Great video cher, especially being your first.
Like the video, been watchin other but naah, after watchin yours, yeh I just might give it a go, one minor bitch,when there is music playing it's way to loud, I turn the volume down, now your telling me something I need to hear, what's that, volume up, music volume down,up down up down, might not bother others, maybe,other than that top notch.
great video, one of the best i've seen in the creativity field. Congrats!!
Wow what a first video!!!! That is so kool and it looks really good. What a switch for a table top. I will make one built up a bit higher for my patio barbecue cooking. Thanks for the video. 👍
Can you dye the mortar mix?
This was awesome! Please make more videos!
~~AWESOME~~ I was wondering if you knew whether or not you could add some white paint either powder or regular into the concrete?  I'm looking for that white quartz with Gray veining look? Loved your video and can't wait to learn more :)
I enjoyed your video/project. Very cool!
I JUST GAVE UP ON THE VIDEO AFTER ABOUT TWO MINUTES...   YOUR BACKGROUND NOISE IS TOO FUCKING ANNOYING. WHAT IS THE POINT OF IT ANYWAY?  FUCK THIS SHIT!
That was a great video! Cool design too!
1st video?  Wow dude!  You hit this one out of the park!   Thanks for making concrete countertops so EASY!  I feel comfortable making a 7' long with a sink hole.  I bet I can do it! ... thanks to you! ~Peace~
nice table
I was laughing the whole time. Great education and great sense of humor!! Thanks!
Great job!  I like it a lot.  😉
This looks awesome and reasonably simple. Any suggestions for how to marry 2 pieces together? My kitchen pass through will have to be done in 2 parts.
Where did you go to film school?
Bad Ass! Great editing for first video! Great table I'm inspired to make one! I think Kentucky Wildcats for theme! Excellent work man!
Wow,  your first video......Great job on the table and photography.  New subscriber here. Thank you.  I may never build one but you made feel like I can. Thanks again. 👍👍
That is AWSOME..!!!  How did he like his coffee table? I loved how you made this video! Very entertaining and educational... and great humor!!!👍🏼
Really good video.
Great job man. Did you do the fire pit ring too? Do you have a video for that one?
I loved this! Thank you.
Is there a reason you felt the need to glue it?  I personally wouldn’t have glued it. It seems the top would be heavy enough to keep the table in place without the need for glue, AND would’ve been easier to transport. No?
You made a really good video but, for me, it was spoilt by the jarring and loud music.
Really, really clever.  I can do this!!!  Many thanks.  Looking forward to some backyard fun projects.
Have you ever used any ground colored glass, like (Old Coke Bottles) in it. Your cement Table Looks great. Thanks for sharing !
Great video and advice! I think I might try this. The thing that's been holding me back so far is the lack of confidence in the mixes. Rapid Set Mortar Mix looks like an awesome product for counter tops. Now I need to find a good source for stain/etching.
Phenomenal thank you!!!
Great job! I would only add that the top will outlive the base, so why not attach the top in a less permanent way so you can reverse the build and add a new base easily?
Great work
👍, and you are funny!!!
Came out great
More videos pleeaasssee!!
Excellent job Michael! Your  step by step instructions were easy to follow and duplicate. For DIY that's key as some projects are shown using tools and techniques that either require specialized tools or skills that are either not cost effective or not obtainable to the average DIYer. Keep going, you have a talent for this!
Bad ass brother. I’m gonna build 1 or 10!  Best video yet!
great job on video speed info ...just pour the dry sand grout and it will stay in place? thank you
Hello from IRELAND buddy, best stone work ever... Good job
great video with entertainment information and brevity.  I like you work both in video's and construction ideas.
Awesomeness thank you!!!
This looks like a really good way to make some dirt cheap furniture for den or outdoor room.   Maybe seal the wood with something for outdoor space.   I'd like to see what kinds of finish or textures one could come up with for kitchen counter tops.  I'm not a fan of just plain concrete for a kitchen though as the concrete is porous but perhaps something durable to seal the concrete for use with a counter top.   I wonder if there is something you can add to make it look like granite.   I work in a commercial kitchen and so food safety is always at the front of my mind.   Porous materials are pretty much banned in a kitchen so sealing it up with something that can be scrubbed with a chlorine based sanitizer without damaging the surface would be important to me.   I'm not sure what is available.   I wonder how well this idea would work to make floor tiles.
Loved your first video. You have a very likable personality and you truly know what your are doing.  Thank you.
production and editing was top shelf for a newby
Way better than my first video! Bravo my friend. Can’t wait to see another!
Nice first video!
looks like a great project I have an outdoor kitchen area I made and I need a bar top for the bar and also a top for a round fire pit all made for castle wall stone. The bar top needs to be 7foot long and 4 foot wide I was hoping to add a rounded bull nose front like a surf board nose how would I go about making some thing like that with squared sides and back and a rounded nose
Neat!  I'm going to make a picnic table to donate to a local coop garden.
This is so great!! Nice work!!!
Have read all the comments. I love Monday Morning Quarterbacks. I am a disabled vet and your video made me believe I can do this with the small assistance while not bothering my friends to help in an over the top project. I love your stencil and ribbon work. would love to find a way to transfer pics onto the cement. I have an idea of creating a table for the backyard where i plan to makw a remembrance garden for my best friend..my dog who passed while I was disabled and almost sent me over the dark edge. I'm sure others have suggested or your own creativity has thought of some other crazy and or fun way to accent the cement . Thank you for the inspiration.
amazing work. love it!
That was AWESOME, Thanks for the video. I am going to make a coffee stand this spring and I love that concrete top. Thanks again.
How big is that top
great job!
You could reuse your mold after cleaning it too! Genius!
Great first Video, great tips, you kept it short and simple, looking forward to seeing more from you.
Love it, thanks ! :)
Outstanding! Gonna use this for a fish cleaning station top at my fishing cabin! Thanks.
cool counter tops
I would LOVE for you to do my countertops
Great Video, I really like doing DIY projects. Great project and good job....
I would like to see a video on the round version of this like you showed at the end!!  I am a newb to concrete art but I am enamored.
Cool little project--thanks Michael!
Very cool Michael, outstanding production quality.  I'm in the design stage of an outdoor smoking/grilling/Pizza oven project and I want to consider using your technique to build countertops for prep and fill in surfaces.  Any thoughts on what Concrete surface finish(s) I might need?...There is going to be food prepped, grease from brisket's, etc...
Wow! What a great method. My brain is working overtime on all the things I can build this way. Thank you so much for sharing!
you said I wouldn't have to watch another video....then you told me you were gonna make another video.
I’m inspired! Tbh, I didn’t want this video to end. 👏🏻
I've always wanted work more with concrete and I see now that the MOLD is the challenging part...  You need a workshop, tools, etc.  Thanks for demonstrating exactly how this project is done - finished results are awesome!  I subscribed. :)
the grout doesnt move when pouring down the concrete?
This is a very cool video for it being your first. You did really well. I like your style. Subscribed.
I see HGTV in your future buddy.
Great job
Michael, what is the thinnest i could make this table top and still hold 40 pounds?
Good instructions! I would have never taken into consideration tapping with a hammer to get the bubbles out.
Great video, easy instruction, fun editing, and best of all you don't come off as a douchebag showing everyone something! You come across as the fun guy on the block who pulls out his tools and all the other guys on the block come over to see what's happening! Well done!
You are a natural, truly outstanding content in every way!  One question though, would you use this process to build a workshop table?  I am concerned that this has no glass fiber or metal reinforcement in it.  The edges chipped really easy so would an impact in the center of the table from something heavy like a engine cylinder head falling over crack it?  Three lengths of rebar along the length of the table would be easy to put in and greatly improve the table's impact resistance.
Calk set for 24 hours. Seems like this takes a lot longer than one hour.
I don't comment or subscribe to many things man but this was very cool. you got a new viewer, I love the grout idea. Please loose the dodgey music though it hurts the ears a bit would be better with just the workshop sounds or even just a clock ticking quickly. keep up the good work
Throughout the video I thought to myself, this guy is doing a great job with this video!  Then at the end I find out that it's your FIRST VIDEO?!?!  Dude!  Very Well Done!  You did a great job and I look forward to seeing more!
Fantastic first video, very impressed with your work.   Interesting method for glueing the top on with the 4 blocks. I had pictured you doing it inverted and measuring the top and applying the glue to it and then dropping the lighter bottom on to it, which may have been easier to get right in the first place and if needed, then adjust but would likely have taken longer.   Will see what else you have to offer as with 20k subs I would hope to find some good stuff!
Awesome ... Thanks for the video
If you plan on doing a lot of these or have a big single project around the house I would advise investing in a low rpm corded drill that's meant for mixing. Using a high prm drill will burn the motor up in no time. I operate and own my own tile showet company. I forgot my low rpm drill at home on a job 2 hrs away and burnt my dewalt drill after mixing about 15 buckets. Just a heads up for anyone wanting to do a lot of mixing.   Btw good job on the video and project man. Keep up the good work
Mike you da bomb. You could get a job as a videographer. Such style and improv. I'm a G.C. but I don't interfere with my son who has a granite top shop. He makes concrete tops too. You go son.
I'm wondering if you can add concrete dye to the mortar mix, to change the color?   Great video BTW!
What were the dimensions on the concrete top?
Awesome video! I'm your number fan already!
I really hope you continue putting content out. You did a fantastic job on that. I had to subscribe.
Awesome table top!  Not sure if it's been asked, but can the mold be reused?
Need to try this out!!!!
Awesome !!! ♡
I'm having trouble in one step. Where do I find these "friends"?
I think I’m in love
Subscribed When I saw you using pallets!
That was fantastic...Your presentation was the most honest one ive seen...and your theatrics are really good...you're telling it like a true freind would. Loved watching it ...keep going. You should be sponsored by Coca Cola. And Home Depot..
NICELY DONE.  Not only are you a savvy DIY'er, you are a good video maker.  You don't drag it out 45 minutes longer than necessary like so many others who just like to hear themselves talk.  Two thumbs up.
Pretty Cool, No? Great job. 1st vid? no way.
Cool deal. Great job brother.
Just awesome....2 thumbs up
Good Vid.  But I really love the Detroit Tigers bucket!  Go Tigers!
Love your personality! Great job- I’m very impressed it was your first video!
Hey like your humor ... cheers
NICE JOB
MUSIC ANNOYING
Loved the video.
9:10
Where did you get the stencil ?
Great video. How heavy is this once it is finished. (I only want an approximation) Is it equal to the amount of bags used?
Great video! Fantastic video work, and post process. Keep it up!
Keeping it simple,nice job
great video.  Great tip on the dry sanded tile grout.  Would like to do this for my kitchen island but would like smooth surface for cleaning.  What do you recomend?
awesome   awesome.........just one negative comment......leave the music on low volume or leave it out completely.....I spent the whole video lowering and increasing the volume....Thank you !!!!      Great video....
You need a show...
I love your video . You came across really well . I am an aussie. It's a big thumbs up from me mate.
Very cool
What a shame it was so nice then I nearly scream You hammered!!!  No, Nooooooooooooo
Great video! I have hope for replacing my gnarly countertops without spending a fortune. You're a natural. Can't wait for your next video.
GREAT VIDEO. YOU GOT A NEW FAN.
Im so very curious....how did your cousin react to your beautiful gift? Great video...you made it relaxed and fun. Thank you for sharing your time and talent.
Your first video!! :O its excellent, I like it!! I look forward to seeing the next video!! good job!
I am a professional counter top fabricator and I must admit that top you made was beautiful. You are definitely a master of your craft
That was very clean work, also amazing... I'm a construction worker and I can say that was super cool
that's awesome!
Nice work.  225 lb test weight, heh heh.
Fred Flinstone   love it ...
do you have an older brother?
I'm gonna do this one with some colored grout (or staining), for an outdoor bar table!  I like this guy and his video technique...entertaining and informative.  Good Job!
Amazing Project! Keep it up.
Michael you have a new subscriber. I might not do this but I will know how now. Damn! Dude you are good...
This looks great!  Before I bought, then rented out my house,  someone replaced the kitchen counter tops with a really UGLY plastic slab, then finished off the edges like this.  The edges are the only part that looks good. I keep wondering if I can paint it when the tenant moves out. I might try that, and if it does not,  I can always replace it.
💜💪
Such a cool video! great work man.
ok I thought about this I'm just going to put sum 1/4 rebar in around the sink area to give it bit more 💪
Best video I've seen to date, you are very entertaining and easy to follow,  Thanx for sharing, I'm doing this, this weekend!!  :)
Dude you are awesome, that was not only the coolest idea ever, but also the best video skills I have ever seen!!!
I hope this is taken as constructive. The sound quality of the music needs to be much better. Hurts my ears. Check for a higher bitrate or pay close attention to that when editing. Great video and the table looks incredible. Subscribed!
So if i made one of those for my kitchen countertop would i use the same glue that you used to attach to my cabinets. And did you say i could make it like an inch thick cause i dont want a super heavy countertop and its cheaper than granite plus i want to put blue veins on mine.
*pours dry powder into concrete to make it wetter**** No idea how that works
Your quality and charm are immediately among the best despite your submission of on;ly one video. I would be thrilled to watch anything else you make
Great job sir! I have a question about using colored grout. How do you think it would turn out if I used a blue color grout like you did with yours? Do you think it did look like veins or water (a river) or would it bleed? Im looking at doing my BBQ grill counter tops with this method, then if it works out I'll be doing my kitchen as well. Any advice with a color grout would be great.... I think I'll be seeing you on your own show soon btw. Just keep posting videos! I do custom shelves but I need to start making videos too. Thanks for the help.
Great work, can't believe this is your first video.  I'd just suggest cutting down on some of the "cinematic shots" like the slow-mo walks and poses.  A few add character, but it felt like a few too many in this one.  Nice project and video though.  Amazing start to your channel.
i like it if you would show what you are using how did you get the marbel lines in it  i wou love to have your pallets . i wouldmake a picked fence
Can you show us how to seal it?
I've been thinking about a new  picnic table for the back patio and you just nailed it for me. Thanks
Hi!  I'm so psyched to try this with my husband.  Can any oil work instead of wd-40?  Also, what is a good sealer to use for concrete countertops to protect from stains, and how long do you have to wait to seal it?  Thanks!!
Do have a question tho,,, How much did that thing weigh? Need to know if a wimpy girl could flip it on her own...
AWESOME! would never think this your first vid!
One of the best presentations I've seen in a long time
Man! That was thoughtful and cool on every level! Great job and good luck Michael!
Wow! great "first" project! We poured in place with fiberglass reinforced concrete our counter tops and Island  using the Z-Concrete Countertop Solutions system and then polished the cream layer off to expose the sand aggregate. It is by far the easiest DIY pour-in-place method It is beautiful but was lots of WORK if you want to expose the aggregate! Our next BBQ project is going to be simple, your technique for sure!
Nice work mate
Well Done. I am impressed.
seriously best video ever and your humor is just up my alley. extremely well done
To many conspiracy video's for me. I've found my new channel. Just AWESOME !
You are right to the point. Clear, concise, direction. Plus all the tips and tricks. I love it.   More please  don’t change a thing, maybe lower or get rid of the music. It makes my ears ring. Good speaker.   PAM
Awesome job on your first video! I'm hooked. I want to see where and how for you take this.
IF I could give this video a gazillion thumbs up... I would! Best instructional  (and most entertaining) I've ever watched, and I've been searching and watching for 4 years!  Now I'm really ready to tackle my kitchen island and bathroom countertops confidently! Thanks :~) and VERY glad I found your channel!  I was wondering, after doing much research myself on this but haven't tried it yet although they use it in commercial construction, have you ever tried adding perlite  (+- max 20%) to your concrete mix to make durable lightweight concrete?  I'm a 4'11" 47 year old woman and so anything to lighten the load helps... and before you refer me to your comment in the video... I'm not on FB and I've just moved across the world to USA, so I don't have friends haha.. I come from a country where we build with bricks and mortar, and concrete of course and it 1000 x surpasses the durability of sticks! Besides... it's way funky industrial coolness.  Thanks again and I've subscribed and looking forward to learning more from you.
I love your video!! Puts a smile on your face! You are fun, upbeat,  easy to watch, just the right pace, music and content all great! Way to go! Thank you!
one time I was hammering a nail and piece of the nail head chipped off and lodged in my eyeball... guess what I wasnt wearing at the time.
If i did want to use this as a kitchen counter, how would I fill the pitting in the stencil, or is that not possible?
Great Vid; lots of good information and material choices. If this is your first vid you killed it LOL (without the BS like Rocky Roades & Chin Chang.... )
Very cool love it. What a great idea I've subscribed
👍 Решения должны быть простыми и надежными, как АК-47
You do an excellent job making videos. Keep it up. I love this idea. I want to make something similar but a high top fire table with a repurposed propane grill burner. I would love to see someone make a how to on this. Thank you.
Cool video!  Cool guy!  Thanks!
Outstanding!
OMG foam window cleaner where have you been all my life!  Some great side tips here with that and the Spax screws - the little details that make DIY doable.  Now I need to find an excuse to build a countertop.
Thank You Michael Builds !  I'm a man who loves rugged stuff and everything DIY's COOL !  Please keep making these videos. My family and I watch eveything  DIY !!!
EXCELLENT VIDEO!!
I'm so glad I found you man, were fixing to build a new house and wanted concrete counter tops. Now I will be able to make them myself and save alot of money. Thank You!
I could watch your videos all day. Subscribed.
Came up with an awesome idea, I have some scrap tile that looks like wide wood planks.  What if I put them face down in the bottom of the mold leaving room for a concrete boarder all around then do my pour?
I was excited just watching the video
I had to stop because of the music... from quiet voice to loud music! Sorry, maybe it was interesting
I used to work at SCAD, look them up, and the guys there would make a ton of concrete slabs.  You would be a talent there.  You did an amazing job.
INCREDIBLE instruction! Thanks! I NEED that advanced mold making video to finish my fire pit.
Excellent job! On both the table and the video. I think you have a bright future on YouTube. I certainly hope so cuz, dude, you seriously need a bigger shop✌
dafuq?
awesome! so that's what flow control does
Nice project.  A touch of driftwood colored stain on the raw wood edges would have been a good addition.  And boy, that music volume!
What the hell, why didn’t I ever hear of the window cleaner trick
Loved your video, thanks for sharing!
Really cool Man!!
Great finished product. Great video. Keep them coming. Make sure to engage with comments when questions.  We built in place. Big job but we love it.
Wow, nicely produced first video.  Keep up the good work!
Yes!  More videos!
Amazing.
Holy cow, that was epic for a first video!
This helps dummies like me. Thanks!!
AWESOME!!!  Could I add concrete colorant to this mix?
Will be doing something similar very soon
Well done! It accomplished what a DIY vid should do but many fail to pull off. At the end of the vid the viewer should be thinking "I can do this" and your vid has that quality big time. Liked, subbed, shared. Keep em coming!
First rate video, great job! Question, as the concrete dries over time do ever develop any cracking due to no reinforcement wire?
Wow your video has taught me alot. Im heading to Homies depot. Why because I want to design my new banister for my front porch. Thanks alot
Great coffee table! Can you tell me who did your video and editing?? Its really good!!
Great video. Thank you.
I would never have guessed this was your first video, it's amazing!
Keep them coming,  good income maker.
This is an AWESOME video and great tutorial! I subscribed and look forward to more to come. How come you used a mortar mix instead of a traditional cement? I had considered this a while back (yet to actually pull the trigger to try it out) but had hesitations about cracking, support, etc. But your project looks gorgeous, appears very strong, and is soooo much easier! Thanks in advance if you have time to comment back.
Awesome, I'd rather have one of these than any cheap POS from IKEA any day!
Great video and like your style (performance) Thank you from Quebec, Canada.
This guy is like the Ariana Grande of DIY projects.
Michael, Awesome First Video, Congrats !!!  Go Duke !!! I live on the Crystal Coast near Emerald Isle, NC !!!  I really enjoyed the editing, your humor, & the great knowledge/Advice on this project !!!  btw your the FIRST 'DIY' channel I ever subscribed to >>> keep them coming !!!
First video?!?!? Just got yourself a new subscriber!  Awesome
What a great video. Keep up the great work
Great job& I luv Bob too
Great vid!  How did you calculate the amount of bags needed for the coffee table?  Thinking about making an outdoor dining table using this method
forgot to mention HAS to be sealed or you can't clean for use in kitchen counters and bathroom vanities and you will have mold and bacteria colonies growing like wildfires.
Curious how this would hold up under the elements. Rain, snow, etc. Like this for outdoor benches
great vid man
Great video.  And I don't even have to qualify that with "for your first one".  You have a good on-camera presence and your pacing is just right.  My only suggestion is to watch the sound levels of your "filler" music - its volume should match your "talking" segments.  I had to keep adjusting the volume every time you switched between narration and music.
You are very very very good dude, love whatching you. keep it up. I know what my next project is
Love the video. Been putting this off, but will try it when the rain lets up. Plus, good , goofy sense of humor. Something that helps in the construction trade
Michael I rarely ever subscribe to a channel, but with this tutorial, YOU are the man! Awesome video you are a natural...keep em coming!!
Love it,Great,Lovely Thanks.
Nice project. But, the volume of the music is WAY to high compared to voice volume.
love the idea and v look just wondering how you were making more suitable 4 a kitchen countertop since the concrete is porous.. water proof and poly??
You rock dude! And you're just too cute dancing down the isles of the Depot showing your excitement like a little kid going to a candy store. Truly enjoyable, your love of what you're doing shows :-) Rock on!
You DAMN SURE Don't want to go to LOW's for ANYTHING........!!!They HIRE IDIOTS from the sweep-person up to the MANAGER!!SAVE TIME & FRUSTRATION...... DON'T USE LOW's!!!!!!
You are my IDOL!
I read about 50 or so comments, agree with them all. Never saw a channel kicked off like this. Well, not kicked off, I mean the kick off!! Whatever, keep up the good work!
Awesome video. I really enjoyed watching and learning your technique. I loved the way you made your piece unique with a stencil. I have watched tons of DIY concrete videos, but never been so entertained and amazed how easy your technique is. I love creating my own stencils and can't wait to try this. I'm 58yr old female and not as strong as I use to be, but working with that size I can handle it. Thanks for the new info and keep making videos. For your first video I'm impressed and you are a natural. I'll be on the lookout for your next instructional video for sure.
A "WONDERFUL" video, looking forward to more :-)  Thank You
Does this mix come in a white color or only grey?
Michael Builds,  Thanks, you had me at hello!!!! Subbed and belled for sure!!! Loved what you have done, how you did and for sure the camera work and on screen presence rocks! Might I suggest if possible a wifi microphone with wind protection involved, and turn the background music down some!! It made it very difficult to hear you in some places!!!  I loved what you did here but what do you think about using foamcrete so one has a lighter finished product to handle especially if using movable furniture, and for ease of installing counter tops?
Excellent video, thank you!
Awesome video.... The music though....Wife kept glaring at me.
great video, fun to watch easy instruction's... thank you so much.
Great build sequence but the background music was a pain in the butt. Why do people add crap music to videos when all we want is to listen to the narrator?
Next summer, we will do this!
Turned out nice 👏👏👏. Amazing that u could stand on it that quick too wow 💪💪. Those veins & that compass design turned out AWESOME. Really like that.
K... seriously... If that was a FIRST video, time to send it in to HGTV as part of your reel.  I'd watch you.  Great work and the touch of humour without cheese is spot on.  Great vid... Great project.  Keep up with a cement series, great material.  Only addition, would have been cool to etch in "...not all who wander are lost... "    cheers!
Exactly what I was looking for. Great job.
You remind me of the Dad from Family Ties..
Umm, hey sound guy?  Just a heads-up, I think you got your projects crossed...this is the theatrical concrete enthusiast, not the Korean rave promo.
I watch Bob Ross I'm 41 years old and when I was a kid I used to watch him all the time that's awesome bro
Nice that awesome man!!
Great job. Editing skills are great as well.
Impressive, enjoyable video
great work!  i like your style
That is not concrete.
Awesome video, thanks for sharing.
Judas Priest!!  1 video, 17K subscribers...amazing...enjoy the winter cause 'bizness fissin' to pick up'...
Wow  Amazing!!  I learned so much thank you!! 😊
Well done on the video! Table is cool too, though I would add some heavy duty castors so I can push the table away when ma belly is full!
Spar varnish!  If you have little ones, rounded corners & radiused edges save ER trips.
This is a great video. You really do have what it takes. Makes me want to get out there and build stuff out of concrete!
Excellent! The table looks awesome. The grout compass detail makes it look like granite. Great job!
This is a pretty fantastic first video!!!  And besides that, it's great whether is first or 900th!  So informative, so entertaining, funny, very thoughtful shots.  Great insights into how to do this project.  Wow!  Fantastic job.  You have found your thing!  Thanks so much!
I appreciate the work put into the video production quality. Also, great project.
Subbed! Amazing camera work, I also enjoyed your taste in music 👌👌
Nicely done especially for a first video.  I really like the counter top. Everyone is different.  I am sensitive to loud music and this for me fit what you were doing and didn't distract me. I liked how you showed very clearly each of the products and steps. You keep it interesting with your humor which was tasteful.   Keep up the good work.  Thank You.
You're certifiable. I dig it.
Very nice! Can't believe it is your first video. Awesome job.
Like. Give us more.
Him: We're gonna give this guy a live edge Me: Oh my God, YES!
....it takes the mystery out of pouring a great top
Cool, getting ready to buil a new prep table for my Kamado Joe grill, just have to put a half circle in one end and this will be awesome
good howto vid, Your music sucks
Very nice jib, Michael.  I need to build an outdoor bench, and concrete hadn't occurred to me, so I now know how I'll proceed.  However, PLEASE, the music is totally unnecessary and for me it detracted from your video.  When you stopped talking and the music came on, it was far too loud, and there were times I couldn't understand what you were saying because of the music.  SILENCE IS GOLDEN - kill the music!
Really good video.  Very ingenious to making a good looking countertop.  The chipping the edges was great.  I had to turn down the volume on the music a bit.  Nice editing and well done.makes me want to change my island from a laminate to a real top.  May try that .  The material selection was really good.  Seems you have a good understanding of construction materials that are up to date.  Thanks for your creation and sharing it.
Helluva Video. Done deal for me. Kitchen counter-tops here I come. MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸
That white powder shit looks like PVA powder 😂😂😂
Subbed. Great vid, bro.
nice job!! keep it up
You are fun to watch. This is how I am going to make my patio tables. Thanks a lot !
Bro nice table but I think it wouldve come out nicer if you stained the wood dark!
6:30 = mind blown why have i not known this? I hate caulking cause well cause i suck at it lmao
Wow great talent brother!!! I am in process of building an indoor bar and been wondering about countertop....thanks for the vid, will be making this for my bar.  Heck i might go and do kitchen counters too....God bless brother, you gonna do great on youtube.
First video?? Come on bro!!! Tell the truth! ;)
Great job... but this is more for a table than countertop....right?
I'm confused. Did you mix up video edit. After the pour you water treat a hr then vibrate? Or pour it vibrate then water treat? This was a great video however and I'm glad I learned a easy strong way
Awesome video, definitely subscribed now. Would there be any way to have a follow up on doing stains and sealing?
Seems to be some of confusion and hate going on in the comments. I appreciate this video as a solid alternative and will look into it for some countertop work. Keep the videos coming.
Well you obviously are a natural!! Congrats!! I can't figure out why when you put the grout down then poured the cement  it didn't skew the grout... hmmm has me baffled
The fact that you could chip the edges so easily speaks to the problems of using a rapid set mortar. You may like the live edge look, and certainly I could see that working for say an outdoor bench or something, but not necessarily what you want indoors. Doesn't invalidate your method, but you should articulate the caveats more.
I know you are married, and I know this is random, but you are an extremely good looking man. Just sayin’
Well I think you did an OUTSTANDING Video. What a GREAT IDEA. I love it. I think I will try and make a back yard picnic table with matching chairs/bench this spring. I live in ND and it is a bit cold now here in the North country. It is in the single minus digits.
Freaking awesome. Your going to make a name for yourself.
outstanding........very helpful......but i would clear coat every thing .....
Wow.  Awesome video.   I have only made one concrete counter top for a piece of furniture I built.   This is the exact method I used.   I put pvc trim around the edges to create an ogee profile.  I’ll try and make a video if I do one again.    Thanks for the instructions
I would've enjoyed his narrative much more than that crap music.  I'd rather hear him fart the alphabet. "concrete countertop"  I was thinking this would be crap but what he did roughing out the outer edge & especially the tile grout, (NICE touch!), how it came out was incredible.  Pretty damn impressive
What a great video!!! I always feel so disappointed at the availability of what i can afford.  This is so simple.  I love the compass. If you were going to use it for a kitchen counter what would you fill those designs with too keep food and bacteria out.  And still washable?
I guess a clear resin or even teak oil would work to seal?
Oh man that is kick ass awesome,. I believe I need to research a little on that, But I want to make an aquarium table with that hmmmm. Thank you for the video
very  nice i wonder if that quick set is in Canada  like the video the background music could be less volume to it but good video
I watched your video and it was really good. My only complaint is your use of profanity. Its not necessary and will cost you subscribers. Nobody says I'm not gonna subscribe because this guy didn't drop an f bomb. But people will say I'm not gonna subscribe because this guy is dropping f bombs.
Wow, where were you when I made my concrete counters for my outdoor bar last fall?! They turned out fine, but some of your tips would have taken them to the next level. I just might do them over! Thanks for the video!
Excellent work.  I like using the mortar mix over the concrete because no aggregate, quicker set up time, and greater compression strength.  I'm thinking of using this process for a slightly different purpose.
Great job , I'm gonna do this for my  renovation✊✊✊😀😀😀⚒⛏🏚🏠
Fantastic Video! Live edge was a great touch as well.
Great video. Very watchable and informative. Would’ve been nice to see the veining and compass poured over with an epoxy. Definitely will be looking for more videos from you. And by the way, nice Colorado.
great video - quick question - how did the sanded grout not get screwed up when the concrete was placed on top?
Groovy, far out fantastic. Also very cool.
Great job
what if you want broken glass and have the color white?
What MORON wouldn't "Like" this video?  Thank You for your excellent, awe inspiring lesson.  I am a believer!
Great video...learned some really neat tips>>>>but...let's be honest about the time it took. 2 days+?
Good job on the project and your first video.!
That table is so cool, I love it.❤️
background is a bit too loud......
Very neat table.I like it.  I like it.
This is the video I have been waiting for !!!  Thank's Mike....SUBED!!!
FUCKING AWESOME TABLE!!!!!!
gr8 video
Had some trouble hearing you at times, but thoroughly enjoyed the video !  How about a video showing how to make mold for kitchen counter with sink holes for plumbing ?
Great video! By far the easiest concrete table instructional I’ve seen yet. You are a natural for showing how things are done. Subscribed.
Great video, exceptionally well done for a first video. Looking forward to what is next.
If this truly is your very first video than I would say you will be successful. Your very comfortable on camera and present well, but I caution you ,music is tricky, just make certain the content is front and center and the music is way way in the background.
Really enjoyed it well done
I like your techniques and you’re style. Keep up the good work!
Great video buddy.  ( Could use a couple host in a bikini... But I'll servive). Keep it up.  I could use some help with getting my TIG skills more dieled in...
Pretty cool build thanks. Could have flipped the top over. Marked bottom of top for where u wanted the wood positioned. Then applied glue to wood or the concrete. Flip the wood over onto concrete and let glue set.      It may or may not have been easier this way. But, it would have helped in not smearing the glue around by moving the top,to align it.
I was really surprised to see this was your very first video. Excellent Job! Great project, nice craftsmanship, cool video with great quality and fun theatrics. Keep up the good work.
Like your video... I like your music!
Uh.  Dude.  OMG that is so AWESOME!!!  You just DEMOLISHED all the other concrete countertop howtos on youtube ever.   Also you used a plasticizer, which only one other youtuber does!!!  Also, wait, you got a pattern to look cool!  (Kudos on that, although you must have spent some time making it!)  I'm blown away.  Also good job on the Home Depot references.   I hope they sponsor you!  Blown away in Tucson Arizona but loving the humor, wit, and concrete chemistry!
it looked like the edge corner when you took the mold off had some small breakouts. was that due to the way it was unmolded, or not waiting long enough, or something else?
I wouldn’t have ever known this was your first video, great job! One big question though, I like working with concrete so I am curious, why use the rapid set mortar versus the rapid set concrete? I need to do research on the two, but the first obvious thing I noticed is the $17 price tag for the mortar versus $6 for rapid set concrete. I’m sure there’s a reason why it’s better, can you explain?
I hope you make some more video's how to project's that not to complicated to make out of New and reclaimed stuff!
Awe Mon I like the sun dial pattern you used for the table top. Really Really nice table top that will last a very long time in the weather.
Awesome tutorial. You are funny!
This video was awesome!!!!
Can you paint them? Or can you use colored mortar mix? If i wanted them white?
Great job. Music sucked but the rest all made up for it :)
Good stuff!  Any suggestions on how to incorporate a hole for a sink or other fixtures that may penetrate the counter top?  I've used yogurt containers.  They come in various sizes that work for small things.  A cutout for a sink would be something different.
NEW SUB! i CANT WAIT TO LOOK AT YOUR CHANNEL for more DIY projects!
thumps up.. work of art.. ty.. ....  [please lower music level]
Although the music was good, it was rather loud and drowned you out. But the video was really good and you were funny, thanks for putting a smile on my dial. Your project was fantastic, and I live the design you put into it, and I've been a ling time fan of using old pallets. I hope your cousin loved the gift, because it was beautiful. Cheers from Tasmania!
I click the thumbnail mildly curious. *20 minutes later* "holy crap its been 20 minutes!"  Excellent job! I can't wait to see more!
Thumbs UP!
Excellent!!  I'm definitely Going For This!!!
Freaking nice!!!
Great job.  I don't believe this is your first video. If so... really great job! Oh, Yeah... Subscribed!
Well done man, thanks for sharing!
good idea for a greenhouse table maybe. fun video! got to enjoy 'let's make concrete'
I would love to see you take someone that has never picked up a tool and make something.
You're a natural at this YouTube thing. Great information and a natural manner of presenting it. Planning to move to another house sometime this year and this video makes me want to replace the counter tops, unseen.  Great job, and looking forward to future projects.
Amazing 🙌🙌🙏
*I've put this in my United We Stand YouTubers, playlist I've also given you a full View and I've liked 👍 your video👍*  Hope to hear from you  I know it's hard to get to everybody  I'm a fellow YouTuber By4Now God bless Ken
Great video. Fun to listen to.
Nicely done!  Love the cuts and the humor.  Looking forward to more from you!
*Top-notch,💥IMPRESSIVE💥 you're right this is the best video I've seen on this!* ...IAm New Hear👍 I have 1 Question... What Did you Put in or on the Grout, the keep it from moving there had to be some type of a harder or something was it is simple as missing it was some water from the spray bottle? I look forward to hear from you create job excellent video.  .... I have a home improvement channel a how to channel I'm bowling dozing my own tile and I'm showing how to do that quick and easy something nobody else is doing as well nobody else wants you to know how to do this I'm showing you how I'll be cutting my tile on a radius and then bullnose in it that'll be the next tile video. Presently I'm getting ready to put a wheel speed sensor on my car and then the radius style that I'm going to bullnose will be on my next video hope that look forward to hearing from you by for now God bless Ken
Nice job, both the video and the content!
This morning I was just thinking making one for my brother then you popped out on YouTube 😱 nicely done bro 👍🍺
Great job on the video! Its rare to have a first timer do one so well! Fantastic projects too!
Please keep it up. Great video!
Oh my, so handsome...
Makes me believe I can do this!
Neat schtick! Dial it back about 50% on Quantity, but keep the Quality, your style is fun! Also, PLEASE lower the VOLUME throughout. Overall, I'm subbing! It'll get tiring quick though if you don't tone down a LITTLE.
Great video how much did the top weigh?
Awesome video
A  couple thoughtful comments I rarely watch an entire video but fast forward past the BS to get to the info. Your video was good on so many levels I watched the whole thing. That's especially remarkable because I have very little interest in cement counter tops. Making promises at the beginning caused me to want to watch to see how that would turn out and I found the video informative and entertaining. I especially liked 5 gallon bucket cam and pulling nails with your teeth but the best part was knowing all of this was about a friend needing a coffee table. You're a good friend and I really wanted to see you giving your friend the coffee table you made for him.   All of my lavish praise comes at a price - just a suggestion. Tighten it up. There are several minutes that could be cut which would make a really good even better.
I will be doing this my next weekend off ! Where did you get the stencil?
Nice video!! BUT, thanks a bunch, I now have a heap of research to do ... to try and source similar products in the UK as the Long Haired Skipper wants a table in the back garden. Oh well .... onwards and upwards!!
Since you flip the concrete, if there is lettering, you have to flip the design otherwise it's a mirror image.
How stain resistant is the concrete, especially to say coffee?
This is amazing... when you said "you probably seen 100 videos already" I was glad my first was yours! Keep 'em coming!
Awesome vlog!
What about reinforcing the edges where someone might install a sink?  Or maybe add a floating form layer on the mold to get a double thickness edge? I've been thinking about building a larger island in my kitchen and moving the sink to that in order to gain more flat space, but I'd hate to have the edge break.
cutting thru the BS....love it. as you stated, I've watched 100 of these.. Loved yours.
Dude no question this video has motivated me to make a concrete countertop for my house.  Also you are right others make this look like the most painful process ever see example https://youtu.be/BygJGz3TC3o      Can't wait to see more of your videos.
Outstanding video. Going to make coffee table for my wife's birthday. She is a nautical spirit no doubt. So I will try to show it to you when it's done.
Really enjoyed this video and you're going shopping segment. Too many just generically mention  the supplies without being specific. Your video makes sure I get specifically everything I need, plus your easy step-by-step instructions!
Best concrete instructional I've seen.  I'd love to see how you did the bowl/pot pour; I've struggled to find a way to make a form for that!
You're F****** Amazing! Outstanding!
Cut this video in half
Subbed AF.  Would love to see you finishing this and doing a kitchen install.  I hope you do videos for all of my planned projects because you simplify the shit out of things.
DUDE!!!...THANK YOU!!!... Like you said in your video...I have watched thousands upon thousands of how to make concrete counter/table top videos...and those guys always make it out to be way harder than it should be...I’m like...😫COME ON...IT’S JUST CONCRETE... But you...you not only illustrate the build know how...you give the  material list too... ...and if this is truly your first blog video...Dude!...you are freakin’ awesome 😎 right out the gate.  If you ever consider having a wingman...I’m your guy!😃 Thumbs up to you👍🏽😃
I need to make curved shed, what material should I use to make mold
Pretty cool... I would take that crappy pallet wood, sand it down, then put a coat of polyurethane on it to bring out the beauty of the wood.  This works great with poplar wood.
Definitely want to see more videos from you
..overall nice work ...good luck keeping the rough surfaces clean
great!
Amazing recommendations!  Do you have a product recommendation to seal it for outdoor use?  I'm going to make something similar for my backyard table since someone has stolen 3 of my all-wood pic-nic tables.  I figure if they can steal a 1500 # 8' x 4' x 4" slab top plus the seats (8' x 18" x 4") they deserve it.  Also, should I support it every 3' or every 4'?
Nicely done!
Great video awesome content. Enjoyed the project definitely hope to see more in the future.
1 hour? I just saw you make it in 19 minutes
Loved it. You did this sooo much easier than the concrete countertop I made in the 90s and the designs we're great addition. I thought I saw a picture of a bowl so I'm going to be watching and looking for that
Mistakes, ahem, imperfections we simply call _rustic_
Great job buddy. Keep up the good work.
Love your video but just not what I need to do (I am old, lazy, female and don't have any tools) so show me how to do epoxy over laminate on the cheap oh yeah I want it to look like marble or something similar.
Wow what a great video. Can’t believe this is your first one. I loved it and really want to try this out. Would love to see some mild making. I do a lot of custom decals for various geeky fandoms and see your autobot slab in the back ground and would love to start making small versions to sell at fandom conferences that I vend at. Thanks again. Loved it.
you had me at concrete counter tops in 1 hr..but i started follow you becuz you're funny with awsome creativity! and the fact you have a mt of pallets!
I wish I got friends like you
Can't take the music!
You might have a slight creep problem without reinforcement. My guess is it'll sag, depending on how it's supported...
Great video and editing.  Lots of cool camera angles!
Top marks!! For your first video this is outstanding! So well done. Shame you’ve only uploaded 1 more vid as I think you’re very talented and would like to see more. Keep up the good work, Paul from the 🇬🇧
Great project but the music though... Like many other videos on the internet, they should be WITHOUT music or kept to a minimum because it's a tutorial . You don't want your math teacher to present formulas on a musical background, because you want to hear him/her very well and to be able to understand everything and to focus on what it is being said. Just saying....
wow that was a great and fun first video. looked real confined and cool for your first I wish my first went that  smooth. And that really was nice of you to build for your cousin and it looked good. keep making diy video's and ill keep watching them
Mike,   That was really cool. I'm so looking forward to making some great molds. Thanks for the Video and keep them coming. I believe I'm going to make a grilling and bar prep station using this method.
HGTV star for sure! You will have your own show soon!
Cool
Awesome
Fantastic! I'm gonna have to try this!
Great video! One questions, is there something other than the sanded grout that we can use to stencil it? Maybe something with color?
Absolutely shocked that this was your first video. Great production quality and great content. Great work! Congrats on breaking 14k subscribers within 2 months in as well! Subbing!
Loved it all. I nice production. Thanks
Hey mate...great build.  really enjoyed it.  Light but yet detailed enough to give a DIY'er a chance to replicate.
Awesome video man. Great looking table
Another question: How would one make a concrete slab for exterior use exposed to temperatures ranging from 20F to 110F?
Bloody music...one sound track only please. Can't hear you properly...don't want to hear music
Where are the "adnvanced" mould making videos? Not our yet?
THAT WAS AWESOME!!!!! Ty sharing w/my hubby now
That was cool.Job well done and as simple as it could get . Only 1 problem, I can see a lot of skinned shins in the future from the live edge . I would pour a coating on it for clean up and to soften that live edge .
Wow!  That was your 1st video?  Amazing!  Good Job Man!
The answer is yes. It's like you know my soul...Grout AND a Live Edge! Also, didn't find the music too loud but, then again I've started to lose my hearing from lack of PPE and Death Metal. Great Job.
Excellent Video... Keep em coming... Good Luck on building your channel
That was a very professionally done video. I was surprised to hear it was your first. The only thing I would change is to make the Depot run intro shorter. It's useful as a transition, so I wouldn't cut it, but just trim it some.
That was super cool and ill be trying this but how were you able to keep the grout in place while you poured the concrete without wetting and hardening it?
AWESOME!!  Easy video to watch, I will try this.
REALLY FINE ! ... BUTT....  TWO CENTS:  it's a great rugged/rustic look, but those protruding jagged corners look like venus fly traps waiting for unsuspecting shins..... how about  small 45s on all four corners?   either in the mold or with a bit more hammer work when edging?
Wow, this is a nice first video!  Good job and good luck with your channel!
Wow, great video.
Very nice camera work for your first video! I am excited to use your technique this spring!! I also hit that subscribe button!
Loose all the music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This gal can't wait for summer to make one
He’s funny and makes it look so easy👍🏼
Great video.  Don't change anything.
Definitely like it
Awesome video.
You can charge a good penny for that table! Hey I would think Portland cement is stronger than mortar mix type s, also what about reinforcement ? Just asking   Great job!
Rough-sawn pallet timber looks too rough. Could have done with some sanding, but that would take longer! So I hope he liked it.
As far as the grout do you mix it first to set hard before pour only step I missed?
Really was a great video and can't wait for more......
great video!  I have watched many of these but this is really a great one.  Well edited and narrated.  Great work! This inspires me to replace a coffee table surface I've been debating what to do with.
Thanks im going to,start doing it your way easy
Excellent work
cant wait to see the nect video.... contemplating starting up a chanel myself .....hmmmm
Loved it fab vid more plz
This is AWWWSSOOOMEEE!! Thank you!
Very first video? You did great. Music is fine.
First video, seriously? Well done! I can't wait for more.
That's awesome! Great job
Music ruins it really and didn't understand the way that you acted in home depot unless your Husband likes that you act like that but do like countertop
Good video music just needs to me lower. Great job for first video too.
Thank you for your time.  Can I use this table idea as an outside bench without any reinforcement?
Thumbs downers are full of shit. Many great tips here. This guys a bad ass and doesn't skip a beat. I've been Contracting for 35 years and Micheal ya taught me a few things and what did you say, it"s  your FIRST VIDEO!!!!!!!  WELL DO ANOTHER ONE.I'M WAITING.
Outstanding! Thanks for sharing! I'll bet you could even add colorant to the concrete and use sealant if desired to prevent coffee and other stains. Loved it!
like the music.  love the project.  gonna try it.
I like it I love it I want some more of it..LOL  You do a great job. Thanks
Great video. Can’t wait to try it for myself.
This was very self explanatory and awesome! Please do more..! Any stone walkways? I also have a mountain of bricks, not fire bricks, so no cooking pit. I love to make steps off a hill. Whatever you have in store next I would love to see! Yes, I’m a women but you make it easy to follow!!!
Awesome!! I love this video!!
Music drowns out voice intermittently.  Excellent video otherwise.
Lowes has Mortar mix
Great information,  silly drama
By far the best Rapid Set commercial I have seen.
Love it!
DUDE!!! DUDE!!! awesome!! you have so much talent, and to share it with the world is cool.your way of being is appealing and genuine. i hope you become a you tube monster!!! great job! now on my way to depot run!!!
nice video, however that music is covering your voice and is super annoying. For this reason you get from me a thumb down
Love videos. I can’t wait to start on mine and yes this is the easiest way to build a concrete counter top. Pls can the music be turned down a little bit while you’re describing the materials or whenever you are talking. Thank you so much. Blessings to you. Hopefully we see more cool videos. 🙏🏽
Thanks for introducing this product to me.  The fast set time of 2500 psi in one hour is a time saver. I would have never thought it was a CSA cement ! The light color is a bonus for design colors.   I'm surprised they call it Mortar Mix since it has so many other uses. You definitely wouldn't want to use a traditional mortar mix because of the lime content and that it can't be used in thick pours(at least according to Sakrete). A few Home Depots keep stock on Quikrete concrete countertop bag mixes the last time I checked for about the same cost per pound than the Mortar Mix but I think this might be a better product. I would have thrown in some 3/8" rebar for some more strength during handling or at least some strips of cement block or brick steel joint reinforcement  I'm not too keen on the WD40 as a mold release because of potential bonding issues with any stains or sealers. WD40 has a lot of VOCs that evaporate and don't leave much oil behind but I'm sure a wipe down with acetone would clean the concrete since you didn't use much.  I prefer a furniture type carnuba wax like Johnson's Paste Wax.
I liked it!    I did think the music was drowning you out a bit.....
Woo!!!! FABTASTIC VIDEO!! Just subscribed 👌🏻..God Bless🙏🏻. Tks for sharing! Where are you located? Just in case I happened to be around some day, maybe we could do a DIY project like this one to get hands on experience; I know it must be a little more difficult that what you make it look like, obviously you’ve got the know how. Congrats 👌🏻👌🏻
Can I get the same result with liquid Plasticiser? And can  I add in after I have prepped the mix?
Your video should be a tutorial for how to make an excellent video. Great Job! Your humor is inspiring....Loved every minute.
訂閱啦。
Awesome
Dude ! That was the most entertaining and educational video ever ! Awesome job, I don't know how this showed up in my feed, but I'm glad you did, thank you and I can't wait to try this for my counter tops. looking forward to more videos, Great Job
And this is how i am going to do my countertops. Great video, thank you Sir.
I hit subscribe about ten seconds in .... based completely on your personality! You had me at Old Glory waving proudly. Winner! Winner! Winner!
Good on ya mate!
“Chicks in New York paying top dollar for this garbage”, Bill Murray.  Excellent project and sensational presentation.
Do more !! You are a natural and I can't wait to try this project. One of the most entertaining backyard videos I have seen. Love the "D" on the bucket, Detroit born and raised.
Awesome video! You’re right I’ve watched dozens of these and this was the most beneficial one by far. Great job!
Yeah, my FB friends are like"uummm....My in-laws are coming in that weekend. Sorry, I can't help you."
really nice job!
just a lot if introduction speaking
Nice work! Really liked the sander to get the bubbles out 👍
Awesome Video! Even my carpenter boyfriend asked me to rewind and rewatch.
Cool peice.
Terrific work, liked and subbed. Thanks.
Way cool 😎. Are there any colors to put in to cement ?
Started out looking good.  Ending up looking crappy
Oh WOW!  I loved this.
Did he just grab the concrete with his bare hands??!!
Damn, now I've got my next project.
Yes  let's see the  advance casting videos
Great video  I did learn  a couple of things I didn't know watching  several of the concrete casting videos  water to concrete ratio  and flow control powder
Great project. Great tips. Great camera shots. Great sense of humor. Great video. 👍👍
Dude! Great Video, really good tips. I am going to tryout your method once the Midwest is out from under mother natures ice cold grip. PS love the design, think this method would work great to make garden benches.
Inspite of your hammy showmanship, this is an excellent technique video. Great job. I will definitely give this a try. I have a bath room vanity I'm building and I want a concrete top for it. I've poured one in an inverted mold before, just using Sacrete, GFR, and rebar. I put one 3/4 inch layer in without the GFR, placed my rebar in and pour the other 3/4 inch with GFR mixed in. It turned out great, but I had to wait three days for a working cure. I want to try your technique. I will let you know how it turns out. Thanks!
Best video I've found for concrete counter tops. I have a 4x4 island counter that I need to replace. It was a cheap laminate counter top that want secured correctly and warped in the middle and slides all over the top. It's in my kitchen so, I will need to put a surface on it. What epoxy would you recommend for the surface top?
Needs a star wipe.
Great video thanks! A couple of questions... First did it actually go from peanut butter to pour-able just with that powder and no extra water or did extra water get edited out? Second what would you use if you wanted to seal it so it wouldn't pick up stains from spilled food and drink?
You need to seal the concrete, especially if you are going to prepare food on it.
I love this video! You HAVE to make more! Seriously! Please. :D
Amazing video
🔥🔥
Fantastic Idea.   Great slab.  Could do without the "music".
You rock, amigo!!! The video- editing, music, your manner, etc...( basically everything-all the way down to the knuckles even!) Was awesome! And as for your 'POP' (that would be your Pile O' Pallets), i am so massively green in my envy! I have to say i was captivated-this is the stuff i really dig doin-just somewhat limited in my current spacial setting. I must place you in a close second to the Primitive Technology dude, but i mean the man is quite literally the GOD of diy! He makes EVERYTHING! from scratch. EVERYTHING! But i was truly enthralled, and can't wait to see what you have coming down the road for us. Thank you, and let the good times keep rolling in! L8r amigo...peace😎
Great video! very instructive, and entertaining....Cant wait for the mold making vids. keep up the good work
Fantastic!
Love the confidence man. Good stuff
You've got to be kidding with the music! So annoying and it made the video almost impossible to watch. Found myself skipping through in 5 minute jumps just to make it through to the end.
Dude, you rock! I can't believe that was your first video! Keep it up, bro!
+1 for quoting Bob Ross.   Great techniques. Thanks!
Nice!
Outstanding video for first time, great job, loved the design.
Very nice and really informative video. Two thumbs up dude! 👍🏼👍🏼
Okay. At 66, it takes a lot to impress me. It takes even more for me to admit it. You did both.  I think I smiled and laughed the entire video. You are not only quite the master craftsman, you are more entertaining than anyone on This Old House or even my long time favorite, Dean Johnson from Hometime. Too damn bad I’m not a television producer because you’d make us both millionaires. Keep on making the vids- you’re going to be discovered!  Oh - and eerily, you are a dead ringer for my son, from your beard right down to your comedic timing. And he won’t tell me his weight, either. 😬. Subscribed and good luck to you. 👍
Thanks
Nice video.  As an experienced DIY attempting a concrete counter for the first time I'm relying on sound information from the internet.  I was pretty much set on GFRC - having already figured out a mix and process.  I'm really intrigued by your design though and I'm considering using it.  I have some questions that I'm hoping anyone can chime in on: 1) How long has one of your slabs been finished?  Any cracking/shrinking/etc?   2) How is the rapid set mortar mix different than no-shrink precision grout?  I'm wondering why more people aren't using this product.  3) The mix for some reason seems a little soupy to me.  Do you see a reason to mix it with slightly less water/plasticizer or use a water reducer to increase strength? 4) I haven't found much on using reinforcement with this type of cement.  I'm assuming glass fibers/mesh would still work here? 5) Spraying the mold with a texture sprayer still seems like it would be a great idea to maximize smoothness of the finished surface.    Nice tips on the window cleaner and SPAX screws (those are the only screws I use).  Maybe you could do a follow up video showing the slab after a few months? Also a follow up video with some of the possible options using the rapid set mortar would be nice since there's not a lot of info out there where people are using it for countertops.  Nice work!
Your Video is awesome, please make more, you the man!
What material di you us for the design?? powered something. Do you have any other suggestion to get a crisp edge on a logo other design?  AMAZING WORK ALL AROUND ON THE ENTIRE VIDEO
Excellent! Loved the imaginative cam angles. The nightmarish and agonizing music could be dispensed with, though.
Thank you for a great vid. It is so very cheerful, inspiring, clear and *informative.* One small suggestion – get a pallet paw!– Pallet paws are indispensable for folks who like to use pallet wood for projects.
Great ideas. Thanks for the tips. I have one question. You threw me off referring to mortar mix as concrete. Mortar mix has a plasticizer such as lime to make it trowel easily. It typically has a higher water content also, which weakens its strength compared to concrete.. Your project was fast, easy, and good looking and maybe strong enough. Quikcrete makes a countertop mixture that already has the plasticizer in it. I’m wondering if it would be stronger? Anyway, very creative and enjoyable. Thanks.
I guess i will watch it without sound, That music is very annoying. Thumbs down for the music, sorry it ruined it for me. Can't take you serious with all that noise.
I can't understand you with that music playing, The music ruins the video.
Great video Micheal. I’ve done a number of countertops and your instructions are great. Simple and repeatable. Looking forward to the next one. Subscribed! 👍
WHAT? no way your first video? awesome job! and good vid too!!
Ok, thanks for the video. Now please explain the guitar mold hanging on the shed wall.....Come on confess.
advance mold making and counter top installation please.  Thanks
Looks like an interesting video to watch, but the music is unbearable. Couldn't finish the video.
Dude Perfect....
One hour??   Which one?
Ok love this video.....and yes much to my wife’s and my neighbors chagrin I have a large pile of pallets behind my shed.  Great stuff !
Pretty incredible that this is your 1st video. Very polished, and simple to follow instructions. Thank you very much, and yes I did subscribe. I am very curious to see what else you come up with. Great job!
U should use rebar in case it. Breaks on a kid , ya know . First mistake
I like your style it's a cool video now I half to build this
Awesome job!! I'm doing this to my kitchen. I have a question, maybe you could experiment and make a how to video... Is there a way you could build the mold forum so that the counter edge turns and goes up about 4-5" along the edge that meets the wall? I guess like a short back splash that's all one piece with the counter.
What a fabulous table! Thanks for the instructions.
Please level out your audio. It is a complete PITA to keep having to adjust listening volume to hear you but not get blasted w your insanely loud intervals.
You seriously just opened up a whole new world of possibilities for me with this method. Definitely subscribing. Keep it up!!
Actually this was my first time watching a how to make counter video. I'm guessing all the others will be a let down after this. Great job!
Nice job!  will this countertop hold up as an outdoor bar top?
nice vid, downvote for the music
Great Vid..!!
Great video! How would you add color to a countertop? Also when you did the pour how did your compass stay intact?
Yo, what the fuck...that foam window cleaner trick is amazing.
I only need to watch your first video for you to convince me to subscribe. 12,000+ other people think the same thing 😁. Can’t wait to see what you have in store. Keep up the great work!
Can I put crushed glass pieces in it?
very nice presentation, thanks for this simple way. it realy help and it is fun to watch👌
I have to admit , I did learn a few tricks that I never have done before . I would have used boiled linseed oil where you used WD-40 , and I never thought about using silicone caulk , or adding a design … thanks !
When you flip that thing over I was like, Waasasssss Up!!!!!!
only counter top vid but the millionth with lame useless music and a pretentiopus douche that cannot just make a fricken top
I've never subscribed to any channel after watching only 1 video. But I am doing it now. Thank you and keep it up!
That was one of the best videos I've seen. I have wanted to make concrete counters for my kitchen, but other videos make it sound difficult. I can so pull that off. Thanks. Look forward to more great videos.
Wow, that's awesome! Thanks for posting I learned something worth while.
You are a natural, not only in producing the video but in explaining the process and showmanship!   Please, please make more stuff, and show technique and helpful hints.  OMGosh, you keep your audience’s attention, you are not full of yourself, and you have an incredible talent.  I love it!!!
Wow, great video editing! Awesome table, you made it look so easy.
5 Star YT video presentation ! Can't wait to see you do an entire countertop including sink/faucet cut-outs, some color and polishing to give the concrete some depth.  Tutorial was fantastic...
I’ve done a lot of renovations over the years. Never done poured concrete anything let alone a counter. I watch tons of videos on YouTube to either learn something new or laugh at what people try. Gotta say, you have a real gift for doing these videos and seem to have some real talent in what you make. Excellent work my friend. Now I’m going to see what other vids you have.
Great video. Nice table.
Wow....you made this look so simple! I’m going to try it for a patio table 👍
Great Video! Nice job! Thumbs up given. Music sucks and is way too loud. My $0.02
Man that was the best DIY video....Great job!!
Dude you are awesome please upload more how to videos sir
i knew it could be done in a day! thx mang!
You are great, easy to watch and very talented! Keep up the good work!
Wonder if it would be possible to do this and add a countertop lip while you're at it to make it all one piece.   Maybe build a lip form around the edge and after a set amount of time (30 minutes?) after you pour the main slab, pour into that "lip form" so that it doesn't push out the other stuff?    Just curious because I have a L-shaped counter I am running through my mind but it needs a lip around the edge.
How much does the finished product weigh?
Michael that was a great video. Well done.
Excellent video man.
What would you seal the concrete with for an outdoor use?
Instant subscribe! Great Job!
Thank you for giving me such a great idea as I was watching your video. For a first video let me just tell you, THANK YOU👍👍👍
Get rid of that chipmunk music
Great job and information on the setup. I look forward to more videos from you.
Great video, just what I was looking for. Been looking for inspiration for a patio table, just found it.  Now to wait for the 3ft of snow to go away.  Super video quality for being shot on a cell phone.  Looking forward to more vids.  Thanks
Fantastic project, excellent instructions, just enough humor to keep it moving.  The only negative I can say is the 'music' level I had to turn it up when you were speaking, and turn it down in between as it was way too loud.  I would have never thought that this could be done with a material that hardened in an hour.  The Flow control additive was amazing in what it did to the consistency of the mix.
Don't you think you should vibrate the concrete right away.
Wow, this video must have some serious traction according to youtube algorithm, I'm here on Feb 11, 2019 and I'm in the 11k sub group! 13k upvotes and 166,875 views on this video! Good work man! gonna make my wife happy this spring with some new concrete countertops and a new concrete topped movable island workstation for the kitchen!
I see new counter tops in my kitchens future. Thank  you!!
I saw a plan to do this and it intimidated me. Fortunately I ran across this video and I hope to have something like this done this summer
Very useful information but the theatrics waste our time and yours. About 10 minutes would cover anything that is relevant.
I actually learned from your video keep up the great work
Nice work, the pallet wood base was a nice touch. I'm in the planning phase of remodeling my grandparents kitchen and was debating on what kind of top to put on the cabinets. I was thinking of making a butcher block top out of Maple or Flame Birch, but this looks like another good option, and would cost significantly less in materials and a fraction of the time to construct. Looking forward to future videos from you, cheers.
Concrete has a high psi which is for compression not span. The first time you hit this where it spans, it’ll crack without wire pulling it together. Have you ever seen a concrete anything without something tying it? See how easy it falls apart with the mason hammer?
If this is indeed your first, you have a bright future ahead. I’ll subscribe to see what you do next.
That rocked! SO creative! Your video skills are great!
Why not use regular plywood and line it with waxed paper?
For someone with exactly 2 videos on his channel, you seem pretty seasoned.  Well done!
Thank u for making it understandable. The whole video was done very well.
Good job ....  entertain educate and motivate
Great video.  I am going to build an out door kitchen.  Can the molds be reused?
Excellent video. Glad I stumbled across your channel. Top notch editing.
Only thing I would have done differently was after applying the glue to the frame of the table is turn the top upside down on some sawhorses, measuring and marking the under side of the concrete top,  then placing the frame of the table on op of the upside down concrete and clamping it.  Maybe a clear coat over the top to avoid any water stains later.  Great looking table though.
Great Video, shame we can't get the ingredients down here in Colombia!
Absolutely hit the nail on the head re watching concrete counter top videos - nice work and great use of grout for the design. Don't think we get that light coloured quick set mix in the UK.
Lose the shit music...
Cool concrete work Awful music
Great job! On everything!!
Nice job on this video....
Great...thanks a lot!! Keep up the good work. I'll be here.
Awesome job and I am going to use this one. I'm thinking a patio conversation table and side tables.
Good job!
That was really cool but that's not concrete but whatever.
it would be fun if i could give you more than 1 thumbs up, excellent on screen presentations and editing. i done subbed ya'll
You are right, I've watched many, many videos on how to do this Super easy your way!! Enjoyed you're work immensely. Thanks for sharing! :)
For a first video, this is amazing! Hell, it's a great video regardless.
Cool!
My biggest complaint is the music is too loud or the narration is to low.  So in order to here the narration the music volume blasts you.  But otherwise the video is good.
Very well done on every level,I even picked up a couple of tricks.. after more than 30 years in con struction a rare and inspiring project!
Fabulous no doubt
Will it stain? Coffee gets spilled on my counter daily. What about raw foods or grease - will it absorb fluids or fat? What could seal it? Just wondering about other accidents, thanks.
Pretty damn great first video! Keep doing it, you got what it takes for the big time success.
Amazing!  Quick question- what is the special process for adding glass fiber?  I use to use that or something similar when I would make concrete stones for strongman training and I don’t remember there being any thing too special about the process.  However I don’t always recall things correctly.
Ok, this is by far the best video about how to cast concrete I've ever seen. I'm planning a pretty large project later this spring on my channel that involves casting some concrete slabs, and would LOVE to see more ideas about the best way to make molds. You used Melamine in this video - is that always your preferred mold material? Can you *really* pop the slabs out of the mold without taking the mold apart?? Thanks!
Idk how people dislike this video. Haters... Michael that's awesome man. I really appreciate you sharing your knowledge. My shop and display tables will be getting an upgrade soon!
Awesome video! Great production! Great tips! Thanks brotha.
2 big thumbs up! Thank you! I love that you're relatable, easy to understand and good instruction. I'm doing a lot of work on our first home and am excited to try this out. I want to do kitchen counters and want to know how to do one to fit a sink. It's that on your to do list? You're one of my new favs 🛠️👍
Nice build. Very good job.  If someone is going to use one of these countertops for any sort of food prep. Seal it with a FOOD GRADE sealer. It will keep food particles from embedding themselves in the pores of the masonry.
Super Impressed that this was your first! Your a natural!!
Why are you the only person with this simple technique? And why don't you need concrete? Excellent video, but i have so many questions.
Ugh. That background music makes it almost impossible to watch this video with ear buds. Just some constructive advice. If I turn the volumn loud enough to hear your voice, then the background music blasts me.
Nice table great video
Loved the simplicity of the video. I've done concrete, tile and stone for 25 years and I like that thingy in the middle. Lucky nephew. I hope you listed the material you used. It must have been a commercial grade speed set material. Also that type of flow material for concrete, I'm not even familiar with. Kudos. You just taught an old dawg a new trick. Going to hopefully find your material list. Great video!
How to make a hole for a sink?
Dude, this absolutley amazing. Best countertop video I've ever seen. Keep the videos coming.
You can do the same thing with water in a spray container. Silicone won't stick to anything wet.
Nice.  Does it point North in your cousin's living room?
Really enjoyed he video.  I wish I had this when we started our restaurant years ago.  We replaced about forty table tops!
Extremely informative video!  The BEST I've ever seen for making concrete counter tops.  Please share more (sadly, the music made me feel I was in a German disco).
Well done! I have to try this for myself!
Great video, great ideas, no profanity, tasteful background music( (a bit less music volume maybe?) All makes for videos we can comfortably share with our friends of all ages. Thanks for your efforts !!
Awesome  video ! Great job
I love how you gracefully strut the runways of Home Depot!  Ha ha ha!
Awesome
Dude awesome content.  You’ve got a new subscriber here.  Totally entertaining!!!!
Awesome video, very informative. I've been wanting to try this so when spring gets here I think I'll give it a go. Thanks for sharing. Keep up the great work
So easy a women can do it...
The most useful info I got out of this was the Flow Control plasticizer! I never knew it could change the consistency of mortar that much!!!! Thank you for your most educationally simple video! Very good video editing BTW. You the man!
Really first video this was amazing
Terrific video! Subscribing. :-)
How long did you wait to chisel the edges? Awesome video that definitely sparked some interest
Outstanding video and tutorial.  Keep up the great work.
Thank you big help for my first project like this
Please make more videos!! This was by far the best concrete countertop video. Yes, I have seen 10's of them as you mentioned :)
No sealer? If so what kind and when?
Best DIY video ever!!!!!! Great job. Stop slacking and get more videos up. Can't get us hooked then just leave us hanging. 😁.
First video? Very well done sir! Great project! Needed a kitchen island and here it is!
Great job on editing and awesome job on explaining how to make. My wife walked by at the end and seen the finished top with that cool design, guess what I'll be doing this weekend, lol. If you guessed watching a kama sutra video to distract her, you're right, hahaha. J/K. Do you sell these? I live in Hawaii and if I made one it would cost an arm and a leg to send it to my dad in commerce Michigan, I'm just assuming that's where you are by the Detroit bucket. Much love and aloha brother. Subscribed.
Dude for your first video that was awesome. Good editing i like it.
Very nice first video. As it happens, this is the first video of yours that I watched and am interested to see what new things you're planning to teach me :-)
Great project brotha. I'm gonna follow it step by step. I'm currently in the middle of an epoxy resin phase but you've made me a curious enough about the concrete to give it a try.
Pretty cool man looks like I be heading to Home Depot
I didn't know Silent Bob did DIY projects on youtube!  Lol. Not to say I didn't enjoy this video, or I'm not doing this to my countertops. (Stupid non-standard size sinks.)
Instruction for this project begins around 3:57.
First time viewer on your channel. Loved the video! Awesome editing. Awesome content. I’ve built and failed a concrete countertop years ago following another video step by step. Your teaching skills are really easy to follow. I will definitely make a countertop exactly how you did. Subscribing was a no brainer. Keep it up.
Like I loved it!
Awesome content and visuals.  Nice editing.  Let's go, make some more dude.  Nice job.  Thank you.  Excellent teaching step by step
A great funny presentation.Make More :)
Great work.  Thanks for making the process less complicated.   Great job 👍👍
Excellent video - you've just got yourself a new subscriber. I'm looking forward to your next content
You are awesome man
Great video, man.  Like many other commenters, I've watched dozens of these concrete project vids and yours is the most basic and easily accessible for just about anyone.  Your video shots are great, production value is good.  Someone mentioned the music "clipping" or being too loud in spots; I produce and license background music for TV and I thought you did a superb job adjusting volumes where your voice would be narrating.  My only insight to this comment's "clipping" issue would be the quality of the music you're inserting into the video.  YouTube compresses the crap out of audio and uploading with a low quality, already-compressed format such as mp3 and then YouTube doing their thing with it too makes lower quality audio just sound like dog shit.  Use 16 or 24 bit wave or aiff files where possible when inserting in your vids and this should be remedied.  There are plenty of royalty-free music sites out there specifically tailored for YouTube videos.  Great job.  I'm looking forward to more productions and consider me subscribed.  Thanks for your content.
Well done! You've got a new subscriber.
Good on you! Very much enjoyed watching. Please carry on ;)
This is great. Thanks! How did the pitted concrete stand up to rain/snow freezing this winter?
excellent !!
I was watching this and think that if you are doing this by yourself for a large counter top. Break it up into several sections that are manageable. Using the grout and the adhesive to put it together. I love the idea. Saving this for when my husband is ready to replace the laminate counter tops. He'd probably love the idea of a concrete counter top.
Sweet
"How to make a Concrete Counter Top in 1 hour!" ... first, build a silicone-lined form and let it setup for about 24 hours ...
You must be from Indiana somewhere because my home depot is never stocked like that. Indianapolis was the only one I’ve ever seen stocked that well
Great video.
Loved it Michael !! I’ve been procrastinating with this project for 4/6 months and now Friday I’m going to start it!
Top show bro! Can't wait to build one here in da bush in Australia. Really good presentation. Looking forward to next show
Very informative and well done video.. Please post more..
Great video.. I'd like to see a round table with pieces of stone ..jigsaw puzzle like.. Like a stone patio.. Don't know if you know what i mean..and a cement base for it.. Thanks
Awesome video!
Watch this link, this is a concrete countertop/coffee table. Lol.     https://youtu.be/BygJGz3TC3o
Well done.  Good craftsmanship and videography.   I especially liked adding the compass & veins.
Great video! A touch of humor and excellent information without the inane chatter.
And your feet were close to the edges of the bucket, try putting one foot in the center and jump up and down on it! Lol
I like how you keep calling it concrete, and you have a low spot on the left side, which would be on your left side facing the mold.
Um, I hate to burst your bubble, but I have some bad news for you.....mortar mix IS NOT concrete! Sorry to have to be the one to give you the bad news oh, but I just thought you should know. Lol
If you were going to seal it do you have any recommendations?
Awesome video buddy 👍
Why doesn’t the tile grout move and mess up when you pour in the concrete?
Good job! I will say the long intro was loosing my attention but I'm happy I stuck with it.
I was surprised when you said this was your first video. The idea was amazing but the way you presented it was very cool. Funny, informative, everything I look for when I'm watching a video. I thought for sure you'd been making DIY videos for a long time.  Great job!
Awesome.  If I were going to use this as a kitchen countertop, I think I might give it a coat of epoxy to smooth, level, and waterproof it.
Great job...very helpful!
great video. Nice skills. Keep them coming..
I wanna try this for outside patio
That is awesome!
Great video.  So many ideas came to mind watching this.  Subbed!
Imagine bumping into that coffee table at night. Yeouch!
dude really you are freaking awesome
Awesome video!  I subscribed.  Great editing AND content!
Can I pull this off with only 180 Facebook friends? 100 of them I've never met.
Loved it!💙
Great job and great video. Will come in useful for some projects later.  Not a fan of 'live edge' or 'pallet wood' for indoors, but I get it. Helping a buddy out is always a great thing no matter!  I think a metal frame is bomb and then a sealer for concrete is always better, but don't take my advice.  Great builds, will be looking for more of your work for sure......
Great job! Super informative! Great production work. 👍
Great video and project...  However this no longer America and you can't do what you want. The Sheeple sat around watching sports "The Birdie"  and did nothing while it was destroyed..!
Icandigit!
Well I'd say you're a natural
I wonder, if you place a piece of glass or really smooth plastic in the bottom of the form, how smooth of a surface could you get?  I noticed that the surface of the concrete matched the surface of the melamine right down to the finest texture.
AWESOME  VIDEO  I STAND UP CLAPPING.  HOORAY  EXCELLENT   BRAVO
Very cool,  will use this method for a patio table this spring.  Thanks
That was a great video. Thank you
Keep up the good work!!
Really annoying
Your music is chit
awesome job !
I think I'm going to make an outdoor section for My Kamado Joe grill with all of the cooking tools and lump coal, as well as a kitchen area where I can cover a small refrigerator.  After that, I will do my kitchen counter-tops, etc.  This may be a new addiction.
Music would be nice.  That noise is intolerable.
Wow!  Great video!  Thanks!   It's hard to hear you over the music, though.  Skip the music altogether for a better video next time.
Wow!  Great video!  Thanks!   It's hard to hear you over the music, though.  Skip the music altogether for a better video next time.
How do you keep the dry grout design from washing away when you pour the concrete on it?
You know, at first, when you put the stencil in the mold and just poured the mortal over it, I said "There is NO WAY that is going to work, he missed a step where he sprayed it with water because if he doesn't, it will flow everywhere". Then when you sprayed the mold with WD-40, I said "WHY is he doing THAT, it comes right out when you take the sides off?" Then when you started with the hammer making the live edge, I was like "That's Stupid, He's RUINING the counter top!" .. Then you flipped the mold, pulled it right off the counter top, the stencil design was PERFECT and when you finished the live edge, I wanted to keep clicking the "thumbs up" on this video!!! .. I have to admit, I have, NO DOUBT, probably seen every single video there is for making a concrete counter top that involved re bar or concrete mesh and 24 hour MINIMUM dry times, This really IS, the BEST video for making a concrete counter top. You made the whole process less time consuming and less expensive as well and "Flow Control", its a "no brainer", but I never would have thought to use that! ... and its sad to say, but I have as many pallets as you do .. LOL! ... Excellent work!
Suggestion: send it to HGTV and tell them you want to be a host : )
Excellent video, Michael!
Four thumbs up 👍👍👍👍my wife liked the video as well, thanks for sharing. Very detailed information.
OFS !!! subbed
Brother  your highly creative congrats on your video  .
Absolutely AMAZING video, very informative, even I could do this!  I was surprised that the beautiful design you laid out with grout did not get messed up when you poured the concrete on it.  Was there a trick to that?  You didn't mention anything.  You have a great sense of humor and your teaching method is direct and to the point without too much excess information you don't need, you filled that with great humor.  Love it!!!  Will look for more from you.
Great video how bout some videos  on bowl molds thxs
Amazing video and project! Are you of any relation to Bobby Duke? Awesome youtuber, you remind me of him and his style.
He is easy and fun to listen too … leaned a lot, Thanks
Does anybody know if you can use the Quick-Crete coloring agents with Rapid Set Mortar? I love the fact you can eliminate rebar with the Rapid Set mortar but was worried it would weaken using the dyes? Thanks, Jim
Milwaukee drill...... fail get a dewalt
Loved this project! Simple directions & creative editing too. I’m definitely going to put this info to good use!
Are you using a rail for camera moves?  Pretty good job.  I taught TV/video as a graduate assistant and worked in broadcasting, cable and corporate until I couldn't afford it anymore and went back to the Laborers' Hall.  I'm giving you a B+ citing the complaint below about the music.  Keep it up!  I'm subscribed.  Watch for my series, "This Crappy Old House," later this year.
WAY COOL!!!!! Love to see is adding glass chips or metal flakes would do something cool with the concrete. Maybe some patio stepping stones?
Lol not to be mean but HURRY UP WITH THE NEXT VID... I’m dying here :) great job man
I really enjoyed your video. Looking forward to many more.
Great video. I would have never known this is your first video. Would thinset mortar work the same?
Does grout get disturbed when pouring concrete over?
I am planning on making a 92 inch by 36 inch island with sink cut out and faucet cut out .couple questions ? 1 : what is the ratio of bags of concrete to square feet of counter ? 2 : I will be adding steel mesh and rebar  3: the stencil issue how do I make sure it stays in place ? I was thinking spraying an adhesive before the sanded tile grout for the stencil  4: how bout a concrete vibrator  https://www.harborfreight.com/3-4-quarter-hp-concrete-vibrator-34923.html  5 can I color the concrete before I pour it ?  6: how about filling in the pits  with epoxy ?
Absolutely fantastic.  I hope your cousin liked the table.  It's given me thoughts. BTW.  It kept me watching.  Great video.
thinking of doing something like this in my rv ..... is it a issue to add glass fiber or something similar , and how much thinner could this be made ?
How do you cut an access hole in that for sinks and plumbing? And where’s that guitar build?
Great video man! Your style makes me smile
For your first video you get a 98 why because you didn't give us more!!!!! But to be honest I was feeling a little hot and bothered watching you video and the whole time I was thinking why am I thinking like this? His wife is one of the luckiest people in the world. He is soooooooooo sexy why am I blushing when I hear his voices and dialect? What am I watching? It's over? Why am I crushing over a man who poured cement over that cheap build a Walmart shelf composite board? Why is he so adorable? I wonder if I could use that construction glue to fix some old cute boots the no longer sell? Did he just make himself cuter by referring to one of my favorite PBS shows the father of ASMR Bob Ross? Damn he's so married. He has to be married single men don't act like him. Ugh FML I've watched this 5 times... Oh my I think I got a problem No I don't He's just a Man with a plan to teach us how to not over stress over concrete pouring... But he's fine AF..
That was creative. And you did a good job with the entertainment.
You did a great job, especially for your first video!  Entertaining, informative, amusing...AND... you ended up with a nice product in the end.  Looking forward to the bar top/sink build.👍🏼
If doing a kitchen counter top what would I seal it with since food would be on it? also what would I use for sink cut outs and the wholes for the faucets?
fuckin awesome
I'm going to use this method to make a 3 inch thick bench top to set my 12" craftsman lathe on, with some metal studs set into it to bolt the lathe down. using wood for a bench top for a lathe is not good because as the humidity and temperature changes the wood swells and changes and the lathe bed goes out of level. I wish to have a more stable base for my lathe and this will do the trick and also be economical.   I had a look at the specs for the Rapid set morter mix and you can use epoxy paint to seal it after a few days. I'll use oil resistant epoxy to seal it after it "cures". I'll embed 2 thick top plates with threaded holes to bolt the lather down and 4 metal plates with threaded holes for the legs to bolt on.   Should be easy and and most important ROCK SOLID and stable. My lathe will stop twisting and changing its level and my parts I make on it will be better. The concrete base should also help damp vibration. It is well known to use huge slabs of concrete for really large machine tool bases, now I'll have a mini version to keep my lathe ROCK stable.   Thanks Michael, you ROCK!
Nice
Nice vid but why would I want a counter top that chips so easy?  You were just tapping and the edge was breaking off so easy!  How many times have you droped something on your countertop?  All that work and it's just gonna chip, no thanks!
LOVED the video, you have a great personality and you made it fun.   If there is any way to balance the sound in post-production (or a Youtube process, etc....) I had to turn it up to hear your voice several times, but then a sound effect or the music would rip the ass out of my speakers and ears.  LOL  It was worth it though!  Thanks for the lesson.  I'm going to make some concrete countertops now.
How much does a coffee table top like that weigh? Can you reuse the mold? Does it pop right out or do you have to take the mold apart? Great video thanks
any aussies know what the best thing to do as we dont have Flow Control.
BadAss
Next depot run is for new mower blades..........
awesome job
How many melamine boards did you use and what size was it? Thanks
well done
Nice job! Thanks!
Wow man not only was your countertop awesome your advice was great but your video was awesome as well for your first one. I would love to know how you did that concrete fire pit. What are your thoughts about keeping a concrete fire pit from cracking?
Doing a shop sink soon and I am very glad I came across this vid before starting. Ive watched every vid on youtube about concrete counter tops and was still put off a little. Now its more clear and am a lot more confident in my upcoming project. After watching this Im even thinking about doing the base and slash guards in precast 👍 if it doesnt turn out ok or it just looks like too much slab I can always tile where needed... thanks a ton 👍😊
I would really nice great ideas. I use that mortar mix when I'm in a rush to do with shower pan. I had a half a bag of sand to it to make it more workable but like you said it dries up real fast. Very good first attempt at a video.
love your work! will be looking forward for next clip. thanks for sharing!
Dude! this is great. Excited to try this one up for our kitchen.
very cool!
That was awesome, wife and I will soon be building our outdoor kitchen and gazebo; will definitely be incorporating some of your teachings. Great job on all accounts friend. Learned a lot and was entertaining every moment. I am a happy subscriber. Cheers and best to you!
Thank you very much for this video. I think this just solved my issue of how to build my kitchen countertops. Would you please share the size of the mold you made so I can try and calculate from there for my project? Thanks again, you're fabulous!
Awesome
Very cool.   Keep it up.  Awesome project.
👍👍 kool and rustic style
Man, that was Awesome!!!  I am definitely going to make something fun for the patio!  Love you Energy too! Keep it coming!!! Thx!
This is awesome sir! Thanks for the video! Impressive. Video is very well done. You have yourself another subscriber.
The PSI rating is the COMPRESSION LOAD! Steel reinforcement is for TENSILE STRENGTH to reduce the chance of it breaking while you're carrying it, turning it over, and bumping into things! It is also to keep the mass in one piece if it does crack while picking it up so it doesn't just fall on your feet. It may not be a problem for a short span like this, but you're begging for trouble with anything longer.
Nice Work!! I gotta make some shop tables and have considered concrete for a long time. Thanks to you I now know what I gotta do!!! BTW what was the tune that kicked in at 17:40??? It was great! :-D
You gave me some good ideas.
Finally!  Somebody who made a project that inspired me and doesn’t take half my life to make.  Also, funny as shit.  Cheers Man!
Bro thanks a lot great video 2 thumbs up
Your first video 😲, OMG you're a natural. Great job, great video, great camera work and great editing. Thanks fir sharing 👍🏻
Great video. Can't wait to learn further on your techniques.
I skipped through most of your video. I prefer videos that get to the point.
Gorgeous table my friend. Incredible work for any video let alone your first. I am just about to start I hope I can make videos like yours.
Your way of presenting is entertaining and educational.  I would not have guessed that this was your first video. Keep it coming I for one am looking forward to seeing more from you.
K-NICE !! Ah dink ah ken do dis-un.
I like your style. New sub.
Fantastic vid, very informative! Very well done!
Wow you did a excellent job do you know why Home Depot is the only one that has the fast drying Mordor. All I have is a L store Home Depot is 2hr round trip let me know if there’s any other stuff I can use
bahahaha THX U !
Dude! You rocked this video! If this was your first one, I can't wait to see more!
Nice. How much did that cost you?   Had to be pretty cheap. Just the concrete huh?
This is the first comment I’ve ever made on a YouTube.  You did a great job. Looking forward to future videos.  Where can I send a heater to keep you going. There is no way I work in any unheated area this year.  I’m serious, set up a patreon account (I think that is what the call it) and ill donate the money for a larger heater.  Just don’t push the donations in your videos like some do.  Keep up the good work. I look forward to you future stuff.
If I wanted too do this project to have the concrete support a 800lb tank, would it need to be reinforced and how thick? If you know
We weren't going to try to make own own but changed our minds after watching this, thanks!
Very, very good!  Entertaining, great quality, and a great subject!  I subscribed!
I wish I could hit the like button more than once. What a great vid. Hurry up and make more.
One of the best videos on YouTube!  I've done concrete for 30+ years and I'm so impressed how smooth you handled that project! Very entertaining & great videography. How 'bout taking this art a little further by adding some stain and a protective surface (epoxy maybe) to prepare it for the use & abuse its goin to see
Very nice!  How would you seal this for a kitchen countertop used for food prep, hot and cold temperatures, stains like beets, and citrus like lemon.   Also, you make a great video!  Thanks...
Cool project!  Almost makes me want to create a channel. lol   Looks like this channel will moon. wheres the next one?
Kind of defeats the purpose of the round edge doesn't it?
You won me over with your camera presence!  Subbed and bell'd...!    :)
THIS looks awesome!  but ive got to know.... How does it hold up over time? outdoors? in changing humidity?
Very nice job but from start to finish and cleanup, including the driving to Home Creepo, NO WAY only 1 hour!!!  If you really want a fantastic looking product, pour on some liquid epoxy resin on the top for some awesome affects.  This would blow people away and provide a sealed finish....guaranteed!!!
Good job thanks for sharing!!!
Like how you show some of the step as if the camera was the material you are working on.  Really cool!
Wow! Just found your “tube “ have already liked and subscribed. Now can you tell us about waterproofing to make it less impervious to dirt, germs etc. Love it!. Thanks for taking the time to make the video. I think some binge watching is in my future! Sincerely, Rod
Hey Mike, that looks great, and your video is top notch. I am thinking that I want to make a concrete top with a rounded edge, and I was wondering if you could incorporate that into a video. I'm thinking of a look like using a round over bit in a router on a piece of wood.
Awesome ! Great video .
Awesome video... what was the Dimensions used to make the form?
how do you stain concrete?
Advanced mold making.  Enjoyed the video. Thx
Pretty bad ass I knew there had to be an easier way than the other videos I’ve watched. I just haven’t gotten to the stage in my remodel where I’m doing counter tops yet to find it myself. But I’m feeling a lot better about it now that I’ve watched this one thanks guy
Respect from Ireland
If I’m ever feeling sad, I’m just going to watch this guy’s video. Freakin love this man’s personality. This project was pretty badass too.
Tips: get one of your 500 FB friends to be your camera operator.  Wear a dust mask when cutting melamine.  Reduce the time - this is way too long.
Noticed after you pulled it from the mold that the grout design was actually pulled out into the top of the slab.  I assume it soaked up small amount of WD40 so it did not get wet or cure properly. Have you found a way to conquer that problem? That would be a terrible dirt trap for a kitchen counter top.
Absolutely Refreshing with a great result.
I really like this project and you did an AWESOME job producing this video.
Just subscribed!  I have been contemplating some ways to build a deck and have wanted to run this idea by you....  I was thinking of using pallet boards sistered together instead of 4x4's for the uprights...but then I saw this video and now I'm wondering if instead of going with a wood flooring for the surface... I'm seeing kinda like a raised paver stone type of walking surface and the thought of not having to stain/restaining concrete is kinda appealing.  I saw that your feet were kinda close to the buckets when performing the strength test..but I'm also wondering if there was just a bit of reinforcement on the underside ...but also spacing to allow the rain/snow to drain between the blocks....can you picture this as well?  Or am I gonna spend more time in digging more holes for the supports?  If you don't mind my asking...what was the cost for the materials in just the 2x4 section?  Thanks for sharing this video!  Other than the implied bleeped out profanity... (I was watching with wife/daughter nearby and they gave me the stinkeye.)  Let me know your honest thoughts! Looks like you know what you're doing! 😇😎😀
Great video. I thought it was like 100th for you. Subscribe
loved it
Probably the best first video I've ever seen. Can't wait for more!
Absolutely 💓d. Entertaining!  While informational !!
Great vid, keep it up. I watched the whole thing. many times we see so much intro and boring  BS  I end up turning it. inertaining and you made it do-able. This is an option to consider. Can you use color tent as in ceament?
Nice work, impressive.
I was in video production for 20+ years, and I must say I love your production and editing techniques. Audio is excellent, video quality and aesthetics are spot on, and your editing is amazing!    I would love to see what audio and video equipment you use and I’d really like to see a behind the scenes video!   I’ll be hanging around with you for a while, so I really look forward to what you show us and teach us in the future!!  Thanks again Michael!
U need to make more videos like this.. 😍 love your work!
that was a great vid and an awesome project ,WELL DONE !!!!!!
Great video! I might try this for a backyard fire pit side table. You make it look simple bro. Keep at it.
My new hero!!!   Couple of quick questions the grout or mortar that you pour down for the design is that just loose and how long in the curing process can you start the live-edge process
Oh, WOW! 1st video? Hard to believe. You taught me so many usable techniques in some of my other projects, I subscribed before you were through with the video. I can use that sander technique on epoxy molds. Woohoo! By the way, you are very funny! Highly entertaining!
Loved it!!  What would you use to seal if you were going to install in a kitchen?
Right on brother. Keep up with the vids.
Now that s STUNNING!
Omg I love pallets you are so awesome
I'm very impressed
Wow! Excellent first video! I love the coffee table. You did a really great job with the jokes and the sound effects. Made me laugh.  How does the design stay in place when you pour the concrete over it? Just looks like it would get spread around all over the place.  YOU ALREADY HAVE 7.3K SUBS....must make you very happy. Subscribed and waiting patiently for the next one.
Wow this is like you said the best. I've always wanted concrete I'm single an don't have 500 friends on fb 😩😩
Dued fantastic job , it's time for me to make one of them , ah damn it's too cold outside, soon though ! Thanks
I couldn't watch the whole video, dude, because the of the constant distraction of the loud music in the foreground, which was like watching a 1970s porno with the "bow-chica-bow-wow" music in constant play regardless of what is on the screen.   Perhaps a little music during your intro and maybe some more at the end for the reveal would be more appropriate.  The knowledge you are sharing is already very interesting. Don't mess it up by trying to impress other YouTubers with your fancy-shmancy videography.     I watch DIY videos for information and instructions; not to listen to music that I find irritating.  Likewise, when I order a cheese burger and Coke I don't want mashed potatoes and coleslaw with it. LOL
Liked & subscribed!
That is pretty freaking awesome dude
cool man....love the energy!
V E R Y    N I C E   . . .
How do you keep the sanded grout from moving when pouring the concrete? Youd think that the wd40 on there would make it move around as soon as the concrete hits it....please share ...great vid
So glad I found your channel. Your video is perfect for the not so experienced Craftsman such as my self. Please continue to make more simple videos and more on concrete work. Thanks
Man you not only made what seemed a daunting challenge absolutely doable but you completely motivated me with more than enough enthusiasm to spread around. Thank you so much!
Great job and cool project.
Your first video? No bleeping way.
It looked OK, but for my house I would have polished it and sealed it.
Nice job brotha... great idea good video. I will be shamelessly stealing this one!! Lol
Top tip. You can get this build done even quicker than 1 hour if you don't film in slow motion so often.
"You got about 500 facebookfriends, there are at least 2 that can help you install a countertop." ****Proceeds to install countertop on his own @ 17:55
I really love it...and is going to be my next project...
Thank you!!
You did a wonderful job on this video. I like your humor. Keep it up.
Good vid pal great outcome peace from dublin ireland
How did you keep the grout from moving when pouring the concrete?
1st video...really? Nice job! Great project, info, ideas and video! BRAVO!
What do you say the cost of that table is? Seems like it's not too much
How much does the concrete slab weigh? Would it be good for a kitchen counter top?
Great video! Very entertaining and great information. New sub here!
Very good! I would like to see you do the fire pit in your next video.
Amazing project and video editing!
Thank you for your video. This is the first counter top video I've ever seen that I feel comfortable following and enjoyed watching. Please make more.
Damn skippy I liked this video...
Let's see a fire pit  if you dont nind .
Nice work!! I like the WD-40 trick I have used Pam cooking spray and it works pretty good as well
Great!.... First video?  Must be kidding,  you're a natural then, excellent. Educational,  ta.
Looks like it has good  drainage...That's what we say in the business...
I want to do this!
You can inset wire into a surface like that... Wouldn't it be awesome to have gold, copper, or silver wire creating patterns set in the top of whatever you are making? You could even glue place holders on to the mold and create dips and curves in the surface for later filling.
This is the first video that I have seen from you, and the first concrete table video that did not want me to buy some expensive ingredient or tools. It blew me away that it was your first video, liked and subscribed. Looking forward to more builds from you, thanks Michael.
That turned out so cool. Some what easy. Thanks for sharing.
Why use the mortar mix over the concrete mix?
For a first video, your shooting skills are top notch. Thanks for the vid
Awesome!!!  Are you kidding me?? I’m going to sub right now! Just amazing. I want to see more content from you. Thanks for sharing
What GREG SCHACHTMAN said! :)
Michael, what a fantastic vid.  Your presence on screen was top notch.  The humor made it more enjoyable that watching Norm or Bob Villa.  Man, I am now subscribed to watch what else you come up with.   The quip about, "What, you don't have a stack of pallet behind your shed???" was a LOL moment for me.  If my wife would let me, I would have a small shed in front of my stack of pallet wood.  Free working material of all types of wood, subject to shipping origin and then used to only the limits of our imagination.  It would have been great to have both a nail AND a fake tooth, to hit the nail pile as you cleaned up the pallet wood.  Another LOL moment in the making.  Keep up the great work!!
Detroit!!!
That's a masterpiece, well done.
First video, damn you nailed it. When you started chipping away the edges it hit my OCD hard, but it turned out great.
Love it bro,  only thing is my old white bitch wife stood on mine and it crumbled.  She weighs about equal to 6 or 7 warthogs and looks like one too. Got cement in her underbritches and armpit hair.  It’s all good I just took her thru the local car wash and she laid in the bed of my Datsun.   Anyways...keep it up I love it!
1st video hah no way man, you're a pro! Stellar video, content,   everything was excellent! I sub'd looking forward to much more.  I'd like to know where to get the stencils if possible... Goodonyaman!!
Michael, will standard kitchen cabinets support the weight of the concrete?  I'm referring to the cheaper kitchen cabinetry like you'd purchase at Home Depot.  Thanks ... I loved your video and your positive attitude.
HAY MICHEAL BUILDS, BEAUTIFUL  CEMENT COUNTERTOP TABLE AND VERY NICE VIDEO.
Pretty sweet video guy. Enjoyed it. Didn't know it could be that easy
It also got me thinking about doing a countertop that had a wood texture. Using board forum techniques. Then possibly staining and sealing the top afterwards and it would look just like real weathered wood.
Great video  Blew my mind when you stood up on it after only an hour Thanks for the tips  Definitely my best concrete how to video  Constructive criticism- turn your back ground music down a little Good job  Make more vids Aloha
Very good video editing. And very useful information and technique. Thank you for that. My only suggestion is that the music was a bit loud between takes. Little bit lower volume on the music and I give it 100%. The music style was just fine.
I can NOT believe this was your 1st video!!! I definitely subbed.  Holy shit Dude!!! :-) Awesome job!!!
Great Video,  Thank You for being you :-)
lol;  the tape on the heart!  the table is awesome.  I love every part of it.  you are a true artist.
Great video you are a natural. I think the Detroit Tigers bucket is what put the video over the top.
Best concrete counter video i have watched! Laughed when you said this is the hundreth video...it's true. I kust remodeled my kithcen and i will be doing a counter on my island. Definitely using your method.
Are you for hire for building things? Excellent work!
Nice, looking forward to advanced mold making.
Wow, great video!!! Very clear and well explained. Nice editing too. Question: how did you make sure that the grout powder doesn't get washed away when you poured the concrete? Or you sprayed it with water to harden it beforehand?
Dude, Good video but the music was so loud I couldn't make out half of what you were saying!!😦
First video? That was awesome! You should have your own TV series. 👏👏👏 Can't wait to see many, many more from you. 👍😎👍🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Great video! 😎 Plus cool project!
Thanks for sharing. Great video.
Dude, awesome. Fine job.
You have great ability to stretch 5min content into 20min video.
Omg! I love it!
Great vid ditch the music PLEASE
have to keep adjusting volume  .Music blasting so loud  . Nice video .
Nice job Mike, looking forward to your next one.
this guy really likes himself. a lot.
Great Job on the video and building the concrete counter top ...  I didn't know it could go that easy ..  May have to look into replacing my counter top with a concrete one for the wife ...    We hate our current top so this might be what we are after ...  Thanks for the vid! ...
Pretty cool. It just so happens I don't need a concrete counter about now, but when I do, I'll drive over. But how the heck does the grout not get  pushed around more or displaced by the incoming mortar pour ?! Must stick a little to the WD - 40 ? Anyway, nice coffee table.
Very nice video.  Thanks for the cool ideas.  Keep making videos nice job
Great video. It would be even better if the music didn't overshadow your voice (the most important part). Please turn it down so we can hear what you have to say.
Turn the background music down
EXCELLENT!!! I’ll be making one but I wanted the table to be a bit more red, what can I add to the mortar to achieve this goal?  TY!!!
Great video, like the humor, I’m not really into concrete furniture but it was so interesting I had to subscribe.
Auto bots roll out... not all transformers slick
Should I use tounge oil to prevent staining
Yo. First video n first time watching you. I think this is a fantastic start to your youtube channel ill keep watching.
Wow Awesome video and awesome Job indeed Loved It ,  I'm Hoping  make concrete work surface for my  Kitchen that doesn't take 7 days to cure as I use  it everyday ,but 1 Hour  or 1 Day I can cope with ,
Now I've got the concrete countertop bug! Thank you for such a great, informative video.
Super cool Bro ! Looking forward to more 👍
Man awesome video work!!!! Would you use this outdoors for a grill counter top with multiple cutouts for the grills and sink?
stop the music
Excellent video, thank you for simplifying the process!  I’ve wanted to try a concrete top but it seemed to complicated.  I now have a new project!
Great video and great work. Love the enthusiasm and personality. And yes I’m one of those guys that has a stack of old pallets behind their shed 😂. I’m smashing that like button and subscribe button right after that. 👍 I look forward to more videos. Keep up the good work.
Loved your video, you are really great! Keep making more and more videos.
Three minutes and forty seconds and he's still acting like a freaking clown telling us all the things he's  *going* to do. Who has time for this egotistical bullshit.
Great job! I watched it from start to finish and enjoyed your presentation. I am going to make one of these for my backyard as a small patio table. I was surprised the compass didn't deform as you poured. Thanks!
Beautiful, I would love one as a garden potting table! Thank you! ;)
LOVED IT, I live in the Amazon Jungle & your method would be great here. THANKS BUNCHES. Also, great humor, LOL
This guy knows more than how to cast a counter top.  He knows how to put a video together!  Impressive.
Keep up the good work.
It's refreshing to watch a video that makes claims in the title and the intro that it can live up to, and it's not just clickbait! Thanks for sharing your technic, it's perfect for the average DIY'er and a self-confidence booster, as well! LOL. Yes,  I'm the engineer, architect, brain surgeon who designed/ created that masterpiece,  I know it's beauty has you under its spell, and it's becoming hard for you to look away!!!   lol jk
Just as promised this was the best vid I've seen on concrete counter tops. I think the pros like to keep all this a little mystical, you've made it clear. I'm also one who appreciates family friendly language; there is a reason why our schools and societies are full of foul mouth kids who have no social concerns - Hey if you don't want your kids to talk like a junkie, don't talk like one yourself, they're just trying to be like you!
I would make one suggestion. When you dump your first bucket spread it gently over the entire surface. This will give it a more uniform look by taking it away that shade line. It also helps to increase strength a little bit. Over all, good video.
I really like the result. And reuse of the pallet wood is commendable.  Yeah, make something else.
Subscribed and VERY much LIKED!  Dude... First vid?!  HOME RUN!!!! Can’t wait for more!  (BTW, I LOL’d more than once... But I’m glad you didn’t overdo it with the silly and gimmicky humor that some vids have) 👍🏼😎👍🏼
If you drag a feather over the 'veins' they'll look much more realistic.   Really great job overall. Definitely saving this one.
I want to pour one for an outside kitchen spot but worry the freeze and thaw may crack the top.  Anyone know how resilient these would be outside?
Great tutorial easy to follow well done
Fantastic Video bud!!!
Thanks for the shout out - glad people still show love to Bob Ross 🤣 Looking forward to trying this for some smaller paver type applications!!
Great work!! Should really seal it though, At least for Stain prevention. Thumbs up... "Both hands"
Excellent video, both in education and entertainment.  As I recall, the form was 24" x 48" and this was the outside dimensions of the box.  The depth of the box was 2" and that was the inside measurement.  You also used 2 bags of mortar mix. Now for my question, first is that an accurate dimensional summary, second how many pounds was each bag of mortar and third, was there any left over mortar?  Reason for my questions are I want to make a bench top using your formula.  Except my form size would be 12" x 48" x 2" and 1 bag of mortar. So I want to make certain I have enough mortar before I begin.
Great video.  Love the idea of using a quickset material to make a table top.  I'm considering using this method for an upcoming business and lots of questions regarding possibilities.  Not sure if you or anyone else would know, but how big or long of a table top do you think you would make before having to add reinforcement?  Could a fiberglass mesh be added for said reinforcement (like when using Z-form)?  Could a rubber mold be used for edges?  I'm also considering using LastiSeal (stain and sealant in one) to complete the look.  Thoughts?
Great video keep it coming
Fun video Michael!  Thanks for putting that extra effort in the video... it shows!  Subbed! :D
I usually don't watch long videos,  but yours was very pleasant.  I love your personality,  your video is very professional.  I'm looking forward for more.  I will subscribe.
Just in the interest of language: "potable" is pronounced like "boatable." The root of the word "potable" is the same as for the word "potion."
First video?  Looks pretty spiff to me!  Love the cinematography, camera angles, story telling, sound effects to punch it up and great personality to make the topic relatable.  Also - good product knowledge.
You da Man!!!.   Really like the quick and simple method.  You're right.  All the other videos are way too labor intensive.    As for other videos: Can you make a more refined product, like a tinted concrete with decorative aggregate?   Thanks for the videos.  Keep 'em coming.
Super video!!!
Great job Michael, you have the skills and personality to be very successful here on YouTube.
great idea hope to see more im deffo gonna be using this for my outdoor bbq kitchen for sure
You are funny. great job! I wont to do my kitchen counters like this. I'll need to watch it a few times and take notes.
If your first video is any indication of how the rest will be, you'll go far. Great job!!! My first thought after seeing this was, large custom patio pavers .  Any reason why this would't be a good idea? I just have to wait until it warms up here too!!!
Dude, not only good advice on the build, but amazing work on the video. I was blown away to hear you say it was your first one. Great camera angles, shots and editing. You should be making movies. Well....I guess you are. Liked and subscribed.
Nice video... LOUD music blasts are annoying!
WHY DOES THE MUSIC HAVE TO BE SOO LOUDER THAN THE SPEAKER! UUGH!
Nice video... keep them coming.
For this project, I would of glued wooden cleats to the underside of the countertop so it would sit in the top of the wooden frame. This would make it easier to move as two separate pieces when needed.
Bravo Zulu
First, nice video and I am glad you edited out your bleeps👍🏻. I am wondering if you don’t put a sealer on this table, won’t it stain? I mean if your drinking red wine and it spills, won’t that stain the surface?
Good Job Michael  ..  hope to see more concrete furniture techniques. Im american but just built a home in the Philippines and i had my workers do my entire kitchen and bathrooms using just cement.  Basically the entire house is cement because the bugs here eat everything that is wood
Great work. Thank you for sharing your know how
Awesome video with some great tips! Thanks!
Wow! This is one of the best DIYs. Thank you...PS love the way you do the video. Can't wait for your 2nd video. More pls! :)
Very good video. Thank you
Really cool. Entertaining and informative
Seriously, this was your first? Who or what convinced you to do it?
Great video. Love the info and editing.  Just be ware if those impatient types that want the info quickly...
After he installs the top - next project: replace all of the neighbor's windows because his lawnmower is picking up all of the chunks of live edge left in the grass
You could do seats and stuff for the garden
Nice video. Thinking about doing this for a backyard BBQ cart. Do you think if I use silicone to seal around the bottom half of my Webber grill and wipe the outside of it with WD-40 it will work as the insert for the grill?
i dont like the last step..i mean,its perfect already
Why do you use the rapid set mortar mix vice the rapid set concrete mix?
Great video! Could you have skipped the calling if you knew you were going to go with the live edge.
Very cool
I love your editing and presentation style Michael! I look forward to seeing more videos from you in the future. You've earned a sub and a like. I've also shared the video to my friends who are all about the DIY life. Take care bud, and please make more content!
Wow Michael your video editing is simply fantastic! I really enjoyed watching this and had fun learning a new skill set. Thank you! :)
Love it. We did all out outdoor furniture in the same way. Well done mate. G'day from Australia 🇦🇺
Great work!
Nice dude
Oh yes.. I've been watching SOOOO MANY  concrete counter top videos, and sure enough, they all make it seem like making a concrete counter top is SUCH a pain in the butt. But, now I'll never have to watch any more, ever again. Now, should the unimaginable day that ever comes when I need to make myself a concrete counter top, I'll know how to do it, WITHOUT it being a pain in the butt. In fact, I'll bet all my friends will want to remove their quartz and granite counter tops and install their own concrete counter tops, and without the pain in the butt!  This is great!!  My outdoor kitchen is on the way.
You are a natural teacher!  You did everything right in this video to inspire people.  Your channel will be very popular.  This video will teach thousands of people for years and years!  Thank you 🙏
This is the best concrete tabletop video i've seen 👍
Awesome video! I know what my next project is gonna be...;-)
Great Video.  It looked like you have been making videos for a while.  Also, great project.  Now I just can't let my wife see it.
Talking too much. Too much of you.
What?!  Your VERY FIRST video???  I don't know whether I'm more impressed by your table or your video techniques!!  Awesome job both ways - Good Luck!!
Thanks for the great ideas!
Most Excellent! Thanks for sharing this information, useful and fun to watch tutorial.
Love the video and elthe skills, but The music.. I don't care about the type I'd music, just that it's so loud, I can't even hear why ur saying sometimes. Keep up the great education and thank you..
THREE words... 1. KIIIIIIIIIIIIIICKASS!!! B. NEW SUBSCRIBER
perfection. thank you very much.
Well I have to agree, that was the easiest and best concrete countertop how to video I’ve seen, kudos! Excellent quality also, especially for your first YouTube video. I just subscribed, but haven’t looked through to see if you made any others yet, but please do the advanced mold making video if you haven’t done so yet. Thanks!
Nice look, but i bet that thing will be a bitch to clean without a resin coat or similar.  The audio was painfully distorted for me, not sure if its the source or youtube thats causing it ?
how many bags for a 4x8 table? would it need reinforcement?
Excellent first video. We need new counter tops, am a little torn between concrete and butcher block style....
Great first video. All the best and thank you. Just subscribed and looking forward to more.
Great job Mike!  I love how you just make it happen - no muss/no fuss.   1st video? You're a natural.  I'll be watching for your next project.
Really really enjoy your videos.
While this stuff's specs say it's pourable in thicknesses ranging from 1/2" to 6", do you think a 1/2" or 3/4"-thick countertop of this material made this way would really hold together?
Friggin awesome!!!
Is’t it offensive to post the American flag in the US these days, I am sure some snowflakes are melting somewhere.
Love the video. Advanced mold making please!
Love the project! Love the info! But Dear Lord that "music" sucks...
jesus dude how about adjusting your voice to the same volume as that loud music so i don't have to adjust the volume every three seconds
Good job man looks nice!!
nice..
This is the video that finally makes me want to pour a table top.  Great job!
Didn't make it past 1 min.  clean up your language if you want to grow your channel.
nice work,grandma can do it,except for flipping the crete. thats what 10 grandsons are for :) sincerely granny
I enjoyed your enthusiasm and energy level and your humor in this video. But...yea, there is always the "But"...you don't have to use a misleading description....in 1 hour...to get an audience. The 'making' of that counter top involves everything that you did. How many hours total...going to Home Depot, traveling time, making the frame, every step along the way...all of that is part of the 'making' process. If you spent just 1 hour in the actual mixing & pouring and finishing of the concrete, then why not just be honest and say that and not have the mis-leading description. Good luck with your channel.
Wow,  thanks for intro to new product and your understanding of materials so well
I think I love you!!!!
How to make a project in an hour. Spends hours then says, "We're gonna let this silicone set up for about 24 hours"... Next.
Crazy great video!
Thank you for the Great video. Never would have guessed it was a 1st video. No complaints but maybe a suggestion... found myself turning the volume up and down constantly between the music and the verbiage takes; being that the information was the more important part (in my opinion), I would have preferred if the verbiage was the louder one or they both shared the same volume. It was very informative, enjoyable, and well put together...thanks again!
I like yourself ball approach and cool camera angles.  I'll bet that took some time in editing.
Would you do a concrete staining video?
Very much enjoyed this...the only thing I would have liked is to see it delivered and their expressions to their new coffee table
Awesome job! You did an amazing job explaining everything and the video content was great! Good shots and it looks like you cut out everything that wasn’t necessary to repeat the process! I hate videos of guys babbling for 20 minutes and then give you like 3 minutes of important info! You kept it interesting! Will definitely be back for more!
Consider me subbed! Great video! I've watched so many videos and read so many articles on concrete tops over the years, but this is far and away the best one I've encountered. Well done, fine sir, and I look forward to more from you!
I rarely ever sit and watch long videos, but for your very first one? You f--cking killed it man!!  The audio was fine too, I'd say the number of subscribers (including me) that you've gotten in such a short time off your first video? Proves as much.  That slab is somewhere around 1.5" in thickness, right?
We love your editing and final product!
I have not sat through a 20 minute video from start to finish in a long time. Looking forward to some more projects.
got my sub
That's really awesome, but I hope your cousin doesn't have any little kiddos. I think they'd get more than a knot on the knoggin if they happen to bump their heads on that puppy. Better bring it to my house, just to be safe! LOL.  P.S. Great video, too!
Good video, thanks for sharing. Good luck with the channel from the UK.
Nice video Michael! Very nice! I would like to just point out one thing. It's for safety.... silica is the number one cause of cancer among construction workers. It's a good idea to wear a mask when mixing. I would also suggest using a concrete sealer on the finished product.
You a funny guy Michael and you made watching the video fun and us happy people want to thank you for the effort! You have given me some great ideas that I want to pursue now that I have a new medium to work with. Keep the videos coming my man!
Great video. Subscribed. Look forward to more.
the best tutorial video I have seen
Loved it. Please do more.
Would love see mold making ideas!  Nice job on the video.
Another idea. Have you considered  inlaid cutting boards, wood or plastic? Since they might float or move when the grout is poured, they could be glued facedown to the form with a tiny spot or 2 of an easily peeled adhesive like contact cement or the like. I suppose if you hosed down the underside and edges of the cutting board with release agent it could even be removable/replaceable, if desired. It would have to be thin, so as not to weaken the slab. Tile inlays would be doable, too. Oh man, the creative juices are flowing!
First video? Well done. I'll try this for an outdoor grill kitchen.
Several comments show concern for the stability of the stencil design. How about this? Lay your stencil down, pour the dry mortar, carefully lift stencil, then spray design with a light mist of water from a spray bottle, and let set up, before pouring the slab. That should work, right?
awesome video man. great howto and its added to my favorites for future reference! one thing tho id recommend a second hammer to hit the mason hammer for better rough edge shaping control
Well this was refreshing!!! I look forward to more videos. Your like a mix of Al off Tim the Tool man and Steve on The Red Green show! Only thing you were missing was a duck tap reference.
!Good job!
HGTV..... Here you go! Great job
First video???  First rate!!!
Very cool
This is a cool and informative vid.👍👍👍
First video?!  Omg, not only was that great content, but you seem to be a veteran YouTuber. Great job.👏
Michael, your production skills are fantastic and I love your attitude! Looking forward to that curved bartop. Keep it up!
Nicely done. I was very surprised that this was your first time out.  I would like to see something on molds that would give a routed edge look, and how one would make those molds.  Mine would be smaller projects.  This old lady doesn't have the strength to deal with tables, counters and the like.  Rubber molds would be ideal, but I wouldn't know where to start.  Best of luck to you!
Well done. Great presentation. This was in fact the first concrete countertop video I've seen and I don't need to watch any others. Not only did you explain what you were doing but why you were doing it and why you chose the method you did. A like and a sub for you, I'm looking forward to what else you've got to share. The music choice was fine but the volume was a bit high.
Do you use the same board for different shapes? I have seen videos of people using foam insulation board. Have you tried that?
making a  counter top this way will it last if used outdoors
Nicely done and highly motivating!
Great video and very entertaining, my only suggestion is to have your music not quite so loud.
Good job so spontaneous just make happen not like so you tubers that like eventing perfect professional looking
I appreciate your talent, time and sense of humor! Looking forward to more. New subscriber.
Great video.. i will have to try this
$17 for 55lb bag for the rapidset in Nashville..  try the quikrete and let it sit longer. save a buck or 2.
Like the video mike!
Dude you just learnt me some great things. Great video. What about sealing?
Not bad, not bad at all.... Really great video. I always wonder how to make the design's in the top. The grout tip was priceless... Thank You!
I love this video, I can't wait to see more of your project videos! One question, what where the dimensions of the tabletop you made here? I am just trying to get an idea of how many bags of mortar mix I need for my projects. Many Thanks!
Awesome brother! Keep those videos coming! Instant fan.
You did a great job both the table and the video. you kept it interesting the whole time. keep up the great work.
Great project, great video.  Can't believe it's your first shot.  Keep it up!
Fantastic video! Keep it up!
Loved the content of your video very much!  However it was really hard to hear what you were saying at points.  I wish you could either eliminate it altogether or make it very soft so it would be easier to hear what you're saying without straining to hear it over annoying, frenetic noise...er, music.  Thanks for sharing this valuable info.  Can't wait to give it a try!  PS - Go Tigers!!!
I would have done the finish coat... Stain the accent stuff a gun-metal grey with just a touch of blue in it. Fill the low spots with epoxy, sand flat, one more even coat of epoxy, and paint the live edges this time.  Yep.. the edges will only be shiny in some places, not in others, but should look good anyway.  Probably want to sand any drips off the bottom after the last coat of epoxy is dry.  Done.
Very Cool!! Do you have any advice on sealing it?
Nice job! I am impressed with your work and how strong that top was! Keep up the great work. DC
You killed it.
Entertaining, informative and fun video. You are very talented Michael. Looking forward to more. Thanks! Are you sure this is your first video?
2 thumbs up!!
looks like SHIT
I think you have a real talent for sharing your creativity and skills.  It was a pleasure to watch.  Thank you.
Mate, nice to watch a professionally done YouTube video for once. Content was simple and concise, but the film making was the best feature. It was a pleasure to watch. I wish others would take note of how to present a video on YouTube.
Right on!
Can you fo a kitchen counter pour with the sink hole in it please? This was awesome.
Great job...and yes, mission accomplished you managed to take the mystery and complication out of making a concrete counter top.  Thanks!!
awesome
great vid, man. I am inspired. Thanks.
it killed me when you started breaking up that edge but it turned out great.nice job dude
Great build! Just the right amount of speed and details to keep it interesting
Love this guy, I'm a fan!!
Great information and video but the worst music I have ever heard!
Brillant! Thank you, Michael
Nice work...good lookin out...easy stuff. Great learn.
Great video! Love the cardinal direction design in the center. Been looking at doing all my hard surfaces in concrete, and i really like the look you created.
Fantastic video. Congrats. It would be fantastic if you’d do a large concrete planter (cube shape - 16 to 18 inches each side with wall thickness of about one inch) using melamine as a mold.
Outstanding job man!,,!
You have the best personality for this! Great video!
Great Video!!!
ive been in the masonry bussiness all my life i learnd somthing  new today . thanks man i loved it.
I just have to wonder why all the pros don't just use mortar mix and how they all seem to put reinforcement into the mold. I just want to make sure you know that I'm not talking s*** because I think it turned out great I'm just doing as much research as I can before I take this on
I want to do it in a cast but I do have a big countertop that is a u shape and I don't want any seams, I'm going to be forced to pour them in place,
Way informative. Thanks
Good info but it would have been more informative without that loud music!
👍👍 nice work
This was a great video
Why must all these DYI videos insist on blowing out our ears with the music? WOW... good video ruined by that freaking music balancing  🤫 volume up to hear him. then blow out your ears so scrambling to turn the volume down for the music....sorry gotta give it a 👎🏼
Great video. Watched others fell asleep. Keep it up. Hope u get rich. Hope I do watching u.
Too bad I did not see this 2 weeks ago before I purchased my butcher block counter top for my kitchen island.  Great job on the video.
Excellent!
First video? No way. Well im going to incorporate this into my homemade brick bbq contraption.
How does the tile grout stay in place while you pour the concrete mix over it..?
funny and good looking :)  enjoyed watching your video
Nice video. You explained everything pretty well but I do have a couple questions. First, does the top come out totally smooth like a workbench top or a countertop would be when it’s done?  Also, I am thinking of making this for a workbench top and I’m wondering if you could take your base piece and set it into the concrete on the bottom while it’s still a little bit wet so that there would be kind of a mold on the bottom side that your base would fit into exactly.    I’m going to subscribe so that I catch your next video as well.
i cant believe this is ur first video..... ur video skills made me think u have been doing this for well over a decade, that and the way you presented the topic, amazing
Wow!!! Great video. Educational with great videography. Wishing you all the best.
Great video, full of education and entertainment!!!
Great video and super informative, Subscribed, Please do more when the weather changes.
Please review your video. Now imagine someone watching this with low volume and we have to turn up and down our volume cause your music is freaken LOUD!
How about staines? Rob
Sweet project and a cool gift for your cousin!
can I put a hole in middle for a sink bowls to drop in ? would it still be strong enough?
The audio is terrible.  The music is too loud, uneven, and detracts from the presentation. The sound effects ate jarring and obnoxious.  Otherwise the video might be good.
A big second on the SPAX screws. I can easily drive these torx drive screws 3" in wood with ease.  I used them to hang all our kitchen cabinets because they were superior to the supplied screws.  Big bugle heads hold great on plywood.
Awesome job on your first video you are a natural!!!
Very well produced.
Great job and Nice idea. Going to use it on my tribute to the FLW Model B1.
In the Granite Sheds in Vermont the technique they use for the natural stone edge is called Rock Pitching or a Rock Pitched Edge. The use a straight edge  and a chisel and hammer. The straight edge is to keep the edge at the surface straight. But you still get the pitched surface of the edge.
I had always looked at casting a concrete table top as something I may one day aspire to do if I ever developed the skills and had the right tools. Now I've watched this video and all my apprehension about doing it has gone right out the window. I look at it now like a fun afternoon project.   You made an entertaining video with lots of great information and you showed just enough of the process to keep our attention but not so much that it turned into a hour long video. This was the perfect amount of time spent on learning exactly what I need to do. Great job!  Also, you posted one video...two months ago...and you have over 2500 subscribers. That's a dream in the YouTube world. You need to go ahead and get another heater for the shed and get to work on your next video! 'Looking forward to it.
I like watching how to make concrete video's  I only have 6 friends on Facebook Use olive oil not that poison  We dont have a Home Depot That is way too thin There is an easier way and that is not it
fantastic vid bro, Ive done a couple myself, last one was on a large outdoor kitchen with slate embedded on top. That grout trick (I was unaware of and I am a tile and stone guy) is awesome!!  absolutely beautiful!
Too cool for school! Thanks!
Nice table.
One suggestion. The music volume could be lower.
Hey Michael! Great video- definitely deserving of the attention it's getting. A question for you: What color would you say the base color is? In some frames it looked white, others grey, others a little creamy yellow... would love to know! Excited to get going on my own countertop project for a built-in bar :-)
Awesome video wish i would of seen it a day ago. Keep up the good work!
Super video.  Very well done.
Great first video! 🍺😎🤙
I can tell I am going to like this channel. Giving me some ideas. Thanks!
The stencil was cool other than that it is just concrete!
This was your first video? Seriously. You set the bar high.
Awesome job! 👍💪🏻 definitely a subscriber now😊
subscribe because of the silicone tip
Zoolander walk made me like the video
Great concrete counter/table top.  Very entertaining presentation and I love that you built a coffee table for your cousin, with it.
Awesome job great video
Not sure how old this is, but I am blown away that this was your first. Great angles, well spoken, humor, great craftsmanship and amazingly done. Kudos.
Would have been nicer without the chipmunks singing a chorus.
Michael, what do you use or do to ensure the pallet wood used in the table is mold and bug free before placing indoors?
Next time can you can the music? It reminds me of Kim Kardashian getting hosed by Pdiddy. Thanks!
yeah, very nice bro.  about to diy the kitchen and this looks cool.  Maybe a vid on mold where sink hole would go?  Also, is your wood shop in a portable building?  I need to up my game , in an old garage but no way to completely close and gets too damn dirty;)
Why does this video feel like it was made by an "internet marketing guru"?
You make great videos! Gives me ideas for projects to do too. Already subscribed. Looking forward to more!
cant hear what you are saying .. music is too strong .. why ?
Great video Thanks Mike
Awesome!
Excellent for 1st or 1,000th video...you are a natural...
Video = cool backing music = shite
Cool video. I’m gonna make a counter top. Thanks for the sourcing tip. Looking forward to more content from you
17 bucks for a 50 pound bag of mortar? Here it costs about 4 bucks.
Cool Vid, can't wait for an excuse to make one. Just a quick note to those who will say why use the flow powder, just add water for a thinner mix.  Adding too much water to concrete will weaken the final product.  It is part of a chemical reaction that depends on the  ratios of the components.  Too much water will not just dry out later, it will make the finished concrete weaker.
Pointless video as we dont have this kind of concrete here in Latvia :D thumbs up
Dude, great job on your table and vid! Looking forward to see more from you! I think I might build a mantle for my fireplace with a live edge using your method
Nice countertop But you gotta tone down the music you have, its even clipping in the video, and don't use this intense music the video would be 5 times better without any music at all! Like your video anyway tho, first concrete countertop video I've seen  Edit: And the flow control liquidizer trick was really cool to eliminate air bubbles  Also the dry sand texturing was also cool
Watching your video has made me rethink whether I want to butcher block my counter tops or use this method. Thank you very much.
Loved the video never would’ve guessed its ur first but if I could ask how did u do that design on it
its not level
LOL. Awesome presentation and instruction. Good job brother! Love it!!
Good job Looking forward to your Next Vid.
Great job thank you for sharing your knowledge and experience. I look forward to seeing more
Why the profanity?
Brilliant! Brilliant counter top and brilliant first video - very professional. Thanks for sharing. My husband forwarded this to me but in North Wales it's cold and wet so I guess the molding's gonna be done on my dining room table....  Arggghhh
Really nice video, thanks! Excellent. :-) Looking forwards to seeing more of your projects! But 'd like to mention that maybe you want to look at your volume settings... In my opinion the music volume was way up there, compared with your voice. I found myself adjusting it all the time...  Anyway. Thumbs up! :)
Hell if this is your 'first video' then holy balls.... Most people's "First Videos" are utter garbage! Like mine~!!
I love it thank you thank you you are amazing I am going to try it. You are doing a good thing. God bless you. 😳
Great video production!!! I am a GC and already knew the content of your video. I also know that I could never begin to make a video that was as informative and enjoyable to watch as this video. Great job and stick to YouTube. You have what it takes to go viral.  *Maybe mention that you will build custom items for the people who would rather buy than build.
Great video!  One word of caution though when working with mortar mix is that the color may not be the same from bag to bag.  So if you are making multiple items and are using a color additive, the colors may differ..  Found this out about 10 years ago when making decorative caps (out of mortar mix) to some columns in my front yard.
Wow ! Very impressed with your video since I've seen every concrete countertop on YouTube , my pour in place was a disaster since I could not get that countertop mix in the blue bag hear in Vegas . And no rebar, I thought just mortar would crack .I'm off to homdepot now to give this a try
Many thanks, just finished pouring moulds for a project. I'll definitely follow your method next time & save a day!
How do you keep the grout from shifting to much when you pour the mortar?  For the accent lines I can see it not being an issue but the compass rose, or some other design, it could be problematic. Is it just a hope and pray kind thing?
Great build and video.  How big of a table can you make using this technique?
This Mortar mix is sand and csa cement, no gravel? Also the plasticizer slows the set up time giving you time to work? Thank you
Wow nice job for a first video!  Also liked your content and technique.  Just one suggestion to keep background music lower while you are talking . 👍 cheers
Probably one of the best DIY videos ever... Interesting , fast paced but not too fast, and tons of relevant information. I'm a retired builder and got some great  tips here.
This is amazing! Please show more! We just moved in to a house that needs some love and we’d love to update as much as possible ourselves. This video was easy to follow, quick, and can be done without expertise! So helpful.
Awesome job on your 1st video. Thought you were a seasoned YouTube pro. Going to try making a countertop now. Thanks!
You did great... maybe others will find a way to make those veins thinner...
Sweet.... much easier than my previous build !!! thnx
To Home Depot I go... I go. Okay, I must confess... this video is a health hazard. Watching this video can cause bitter people's face to hurt because it makes not only a person smile but laugh too. All joking aside... I am very glad I watched this video. It was exactly what was looking for. You answered my concerns about doing something like this. Now that I made my material list,,, it is off to Home Depot I go... I go!!!  You set your bar pretty high for the first-time video. It is going to be hard to beat. Great job.
You should have a program on tv!!! :)
Enjoyed the video. Great tips. Looking forward to seeing other moulding techniques. Especially the large bowl. Thanks again.
great video,  and fun.     Keep it up!
No kidding?  First video.  It was a joy to watch.   Top looks great, pallet looks ...pallet.  But we are glad you used the pallet so we could laugh at the way you pulled the nails.     Hitting subscribe at 1.4K 2/9/19
Nicely done!  Keep them coming!
This kid’s got talent!
How thick did you make it?
Amazing for a first video. Loved the counter top and live edge. I feel like you could have done a bit more with the pallet wood base but either way looks awesome!
Please... A day to design the form,  two days minimum to purchase the materials  and build the form  (assuming no sink opening or unusual shape needed). One half day to mix and pour. One half day to release concrete from form.  Half day to set countertop in place. 4 1/2 days minimum - more if you are coloring, sealing or otherwise refinishing .  Then cleanup however long that takes.  Please. Tricksie camera work does not make the process shorter or less labor intensive.
Good job
Any thoughts on best way to polish concrete?
Great video...even though you said pot-able. Lol  Ill still be back for more ideas!
Great video, but if you are going to give it a "RockFace" use a chalk line and a Brickset  aka chisel for stone, not a Brick Hammer. you need any hammer and a Brickset chisel they are wide and a 20 degree angle will make a nice sharp edge with a great rockface look, the edge will be straight and crisp.
Awesome video and your right. Watched many different concert videos and you have the best way!
Lived your video. Chipping off the edge was awesome. Thanks for sharing! 👍
Bro, You’re one cool dude 😎 With a great sense of humour 😁👍 This has to be one of the the best YouTube self production videos I have ever seen. Excellent Job 👍
If you want a real live edge use raw aluminum 1.5" angle for the outside of the mold. The cement reacts with the aluminum and you get a fantastic raw looking finish. Try it!
Great first video man. I agree with some of the other comments on audio levels...they can be tricky. Keep at it. A suggestion for future videos 1. A simple way to make a thick edges (4 or 5 ") but not have a 700lb block of concrete. Maybe mix with club soda for auto aeration..I have no idea. 2. Mold making would be nice too.
fun diy project and great energy! I subscribed.
Thank you for this, look forward to more videos man.
Awesome video
this is awesome. great table, great countertop, and even better editing and shooting. well done across the board. hope home depot hooks you up.
Very informative and a fantastic table top ! I will be copying your idea. Thanks for sharing and taking the time to make a video !  There will be a few tables in England because of you !
Sure I'll subscribe... can we see more explosions though?
First video? WTF? Dude this was awesome. You have what it takes. Great project as well. Love your style. Hope you explode here on the Tube.
Really well done. Enjoyed.
This was your first video??!! Wow, you did an awesome job! The coffee table is beautiful and looks completely doable. You explained everything in full detail and made it fun with your references.  Go Bob Ross 😂
Good job  -keep them coming!
Expesions has great mold inserts for edges and sinks.
Great video, Great information,  but your transition music was a little loud. BTW I did sub. Oh and my pile of pallets is in my basement with my shop, its way to cold to work outside up here in Alaska.
Well done!
how did the design stay in place when you poured the concrete ?
Loved this video, but for gawd's sake get rid of that awful racket that is supposed to be background music.
You're welcome!
Great info but VOLUME  modulate music with your commentary in post. I had to constantly change volume. Beautiful project, though. Thank you
The heart P lease
Michael, great video Thxs. Question, how’d the tile grout / stencil stay in place when you poured the rapid set?
Thank you! Loved it. How about a bathroom sink mold?
Absolutely awesome.  You've got skillz!!  Very creative touch with the patterns using the grout dust.
12:34 the time on the cock didn't change after the 1 hr "time lapse" . :)    But seriously, very impressed with the style and editing of  of this video. Very fun to watch.
Nice camera work and great effects! A+
Love the video.  Lots of good information, with more of the tips that you learn from experience.  So many people spend a ton of time taking about making a mold, but if we made it this far we know at least how to cut a few pieces of wood. That tip with the spray window cleaner is awesome. You are the only person I have seen do that. Brilliant!!
I don't have a Facebook!
AWESOME!!!! What a great video. You have a gift. Keep it up!
You are a really excellent videographer and editor!!!Keep up the great work!!
if you have an 8 or 9ft counter top can you make it one long piece? or in sections?
what is the cost per sq ft of doing your own concrete counter top?
BRAVISSIMO ! Outstanding, bruh. You've checked ALL the boxes - Informative, Viewable, Entertaining, Useful. First video ?!? - where have been ? 5stars + (subscribed !!!)
Very first video?! Dude this was awesome. I am a first time home owner and I’m getting into DIY projects like this. This project was tremendous. I’m gonna subscriber brother. Can’t wait for the next.
is there a way to color this product? Instead of leaving it the light grey natural color? Would it be a mix in or something you would do after? My wife and I have discussed doing concrete but yes, you are correct the 100 other videos I have watched kinda scared me off.
Cool.
I don’t think I’ve ever sat through a 20 minute YouTube video before. Great job keeping it entertaining. Very instructional with excellent tips.
How to make a concrete countertop in one hour. Let silicone set for 24 hours 😂😂
For this video; I’ll follow you to the end of the earth. Seriously though that was a great vid man.
First video? Wow great job!
Great vid, how and what would you use to seal it for kitchen use keep it sanitary?
Pretty cool . I love it
What a great video on every level. It was educational, well edited and entertaining. Thank you so much!
Awesome video!! My only feedback would be to make the video without the fast blur. It makes it hard to see what is going on around the edges. Aside from that, totally cool method and great camera work!  Looking forward to seeing more!
BUT THIS IS JUST RAPID SET MORTAR MIX.  NOT CONCRETE. IN THE UK MORTAR MIX IS NOT STRONG
Seriously, why don’t you have that many subs?! Great video! Keep them coming!
What a great video! Thanks
U litterly just made my day. Thanks so much. I was wondering how to get the vein look. So amazing. So grateful
Great Video.  Looking at different ways to do this for a vanity in the bathroom with an under mount sink. I noticed you did not polish, seal or edge the concrete. Go Tigers!
I really enjoyed your video.  It was fun to watch and educational.  Great job.
I am looking to build a bathroom countertop that is 2x23x62....any suggestions on the number of bags of the mortar mix?  I will use a vessel sink so will have knockouts for faucet and drain.  Do you think I need any reinforcement?  And have you had any success (and if so please suggest) with using a dye with this mortar mix?  Thanks!
Thanks for sharing.... I will definitely do this project and looking forward to seeing how you do different modes.  Would make for a great planters.  Sweet 😀😀😀
Avoid skin contact with CSA mortars and cements, especially with your hands. The aluminum in the cement is very hard on the nerves in your hands. Clean-up water is often the place where the aluminum gets the most skin contact. I almost had to retire when my hands became so bad until I changed to a Portland based cement mortars and grouts.
What a great video sir.  For a almost 20 minute video you moved it along very well.  Great tips.  Perfect amount of humor.  Video skills and presentation were spot on.  Continue the good work.  Subscribed.  The table turned out awesome.  Thanks for the information.  P.S.  hope your teeth are ok.  LOL
please keep going with your great work. Loved the video
talented
I really enjoyed the video. You are funny and pleasant to listen to,  but I got very anxious with the music choice. It is way too loud and your voice gets lost in the background, you should have a different selection of music more suitable for an instructional video. Please, do not take offense, it is just my opinion. Do more editing and lower the music. The table looks wonderful!! Congratulations!
Great job!
Best video out there!  I'm gonna make an island with overhang for breakfast bar. Should I add reinforcement to it?   Thanks
Well, you're right! I watched a thousand of these videos and they all scared me off of this project.  After watching your video I will now be trying this on the smallest of my kitchen cabinets.  If it works well I will, most likely, be doing the entire kitchen.  EXCELLENT video.  Truly well done!
That’s a kick ass table 😎👍🏻, and I’m a concrete mason... 😂  ... *Subscribed* 😜🤙🏻
Video was great! Just a bit too much extra on editing for me and had to mute every time the 'music' came on. But that's just my opinion.
Wow ! great video I will try this and let you know how it turns out ....Thanks
You inspired me to work at my home
Sweet. Make more Molds and rock designs
Awesome video, great info. I subscribed and can't wait for more videos!
Great vid mike!! Chad from 2723!
What a great way to do this concrete project; can’t wait to do something similar for my hunting camp.  You have a great live presence in front of the camera too.   Bring us more!
Outstanding video all around, both information wise and video editing wise! I appreciate your outside the box thinking and humorous demeanor. This video was both instructional and entertaining! I am currently building a home for my wife and new baby girl, and I am constantly on YouTube for different perspectives on how to do just about everything homebuilding/finishings. This is by far the best Concrete counter video I have seen! Very well done, and it looks amazing! I will more than likely use this method along with some of the design elements for my kitchen and bathroom countertops! SUBBED! KEEP IT UP!
I can't wait to try this, so excited!!!! Thank you so much, I can't wait to see your future videos!
This was a great first video!!! Here's to hoping for thousands more and a couple million subs!!! Did you build that shed or order it in?
Can't believe this is your first video...you're really good at this. Also, a really cool coffee table!!!
Super cool editing!
Yep. Finally, the last counter top video for me! I just want a slab for a custom size island. I can do that, NOW! Thank You! Gonna play with the silicone caulk a bit, build it up so it is rounder. Some sort of wood disk should give me the angle I want.
Youtube suggested this to me ...awesome great video and great build . Hey im the 400th like ... and I subscribed
Is there any technique you use to keep your stencil from washing out while pour your mix ? What about setting some anchor bolts in the concrete (3/8) while wet so it can be fastened to the base . It would give you more options for the base . The edge you put on it gives it more originality. What did you use to dust over your stencil. Great Video, thanks ✌
Love the video! Been looking for an average person making a countertop. Very enjoyable
316
BRAVO! Mr. Builds!   I have been playing with crete for awhile now,  experimenting and creating.  I will say I have watched  WAY too many video's and yours take the cake.  Informative, clear, some humor, and for me most important, your real!   1 thing I will dig on you for,  is that sorry excuse for a "mountain of pallets"  talk to me when you get serious, hahaha. 2nd, props for the nail biting(or pulling I should say), Ha. and 3rd,  when you don't wait 3days or sometimes weeks before taking out of the mold.   I see tons of people have issues with this, cause they think they need to wait, when in fact,  if they had taken it out of the mold sooner,  they would've had a better chance of fixing any issues, and grinding easier if needed.    Again,  well done.   will be watching for you and the hairy knuckles!!   (in good fun,  wont tell you what I have been teased about, ha)
Where can I get a template like the one you used for the design you did in thin set?
If that's your first video bro, can't wait to see your 100th. LETS DO THIS!!!
Saw the tele body on the wall .. I suspect your an axe man..I have done guitars in the past.( Jack Daniels bottle shaped bass)..that would be a cool build!
300th like !! Great job .... Was going to do a stone outdoor kitchen this spring...after seeing this I think I will be doing cement w/ the live edge ..thanks
Man, you showed up at exactly the right time! Just convinced my wife to do poured concrete counter tops because the “standard” sized pieces in the box stores weren’t going to suit our needs. I watched a half dozen videos and they all made it look like a pain in the butt, just like you said. I was almost ready to drop a few hundred on the plastic edge-form system then your video popped up. Freaking life saver! (And wallet saver) Thanks! Can’t wait for your next videos.
The only thing that disappointed me was finding out you just started this channel and that there aren’t already 100 other videos with cool stuff like this.
Michael, Because of u & ur awesome video making skills, Rapid Set is an easy sell,  here at the Home Depot. Once I show ur video it's a done deal!!! ….Bridgett, Pro Account Associate
You fuckin rock man! And you are spot on about watching all the other videos too. So glad I decided to stay up and watch this. How thick should a 7 foot "L" counter be and should I use rebar or glass fiber? I really wish you were my neighbor. Thanks again for sharing your expertise.
Did u leave the grout powder just sit there dry as u poured the morter on top of it??? It didnt distort the design?
that music is annoying
I usually build counter tops the other with the other guys methods. Yesterday I found your video and decided to give it a try. Your way is so much easier that its crazy! So easy, even a Cave man can do it!!!
THANK YOU !!!  Exactly what I wanted for a coffee table.  Very well done, subscribed
This is awesome, I', subscribed. I am going to use this method to make some concrete landscape curbs. 36"l x5"h x 4"w. I wonder how many of those one bag will make?
Informative and entertaining! Love the way it turned out. The edges of the top are everything! TFS
Ever have any problems with discoloration on the area touching the melamine after flipping concrete? I have had spots that look like they are still drying but never go away. They are typically in the middle
Man you know how to make a great video is it ok if i steal you coolness :):) ps great design on that concrete
I enjoyed this, thank you . Blessings
best so far!!!!
No offense, but this is how not to make a concrete countertop. Mortar mix is not designed for this and with no reinforcement this countertop will crack easily. It may look good at first, but it will not last.
I would recommend in the future explaining the difference between regular portland mortar mix and hydro cement mix--some people in your comments didn't seem to understand that there is a difference and why it has so much early strength and rapid set time.  Anyhow, nice vid!
there is no option to send a message to a youtuber anymore, please let me know how to get in touch , just have an idea to discuss pal, cheers
Cheers mate, nice one! Its a shame that we do not have this range of DIY products available here in the UK.
Didnt just like it. I loved it. As someone whos been watching DIY Concrete Counter top videos before I embark on my own, you made it seem manageable. If you were doing a counter top with a undermount sink, what would you use as a block? Styrofoam? Insulation? It seems people make it out of whatever pretty much, but just curious on your advice.
I watched your video on yesterday and made concrete countertops within a few hours. I also installed them too. Thank you for this video. I just did my huge kitchen countertops for less than $400. And I’m just trying to decide if i want to stain them. Awesome video. 💯
Amazing, I freaking loved it, thanks
Awesome video Mike. Really big help!
GREAT VIDEO Michael!!!! I just subscribed so lets see some more videos!!
Hi do you have a video on a bowl shaped sink?
Thanks Mike
Thanks alot I've been looking for a simple method like this for years  I love you
can you use this “mortar mix” for a kitchen counter? and can you explain why you didn’t use a rebar or any kind of re in forcement material in?
You earn my respect.
I’ll see what I can do!
Great video man! Sorry I'm watching with no sound and CC on you may have mentioned it but how did you pour the mix in without moving the sanded grout ?
I'd think people would pay a pretty penny for such a handsome table, no?
Fantastic video Mike, just like you promised.
your awesome Michael
awesome, informative video !!
I know that home depot!
Nice work Mike!
Great video chief. Looking forward to the next one.
