Please make a video how to flatten a pvc pipe without heat gun
How can I buy this bow?
I wishes you're well bi big boss in PVC industry! Good luck!!!
بالعربي
What a nice fella, are u still doing videos, if youre  not better get started again ! :))
What kind of pvc you use
Dam good vid btw thanks🇬🇧👍
Did you use the heat gun on your ears😳🇬🇧👍
How about rounding over the back edge of the flattening jig to not have that hard transition point?
is there any difference in green and white PVC ?
Um Nick how long was the Siyah thingy? I wanna build this Bow 0><0 pls tell me.
Gday from Tasmania Australia. I just wanted to say I watched this video and was so excited and inspired that went to the hardware shop that same rainy afternoon. I had NONE of the gear so I bought a dremel kit a haçksaw and a heat gun and some orange PVC and got stuck In! I used bricklayers twine for the string and I couldn't be happier with the result. I spent maybe an hour on this thing and it still needs some work to make it look badass and if like to add a handle but mate  YOU ARE AWESOME  thankyou so much for making such a great and informative guide  I really enjoyed following along and will be making more bows in the future for sure !
could you also make a form to press the shape while flattening the pipe?
You can learn more about it on WoodPrix webpage.
hello- How long can I use without breaking the bow.thx your answer :)
The best colours come from here in New Zealand
how much cost for making of One bow
Your this bow can kill some one? (human)
you are a great man. thanks for making all of these videos.
Love all these tutorials. I made one of these with 3/4" sch40. It shot really smooth. It ended up snapping in the handle while drawing and I hit myself in the face, lol. At least I'm strong enough now for the 1" adult bow I made. I'm a little paranoid now though.
who are the 7 douchebags that gave this a thumbs down?
I really like your shirt much aloha from a braddah from molokai keep up the vids
your things are so cool
Hi, if I make it longer, like not 50", but 52" or 53" how the draw weight decreases in this bow? And can I pull to 28" without doing much stress to it if I make it longer?
will this be good for larp? lol
i would like to know how much it would coast for you to make a bow for someone, I would be wanting to buy one,
your video is awesome!! I really want to try to make it for myself. What is the name of the string that you use?or the material to make that string and for the arrows what's the name?carbon?where I can find them? The fletching jigs and the feathers the green and black one where I can buy it?
Damn only 3 dislikes LOL
I can't find this "furniture grade PVC" anywhere. Did you buy it online?
Is it a hollow pipe?
Hi Nick. How to increase an amount of the draw weight (maybe a few lbs) ,  but still use the same 3/4'' long,  and same draw length?  Need to add or reduce the long of the pipe?  And, increase or reduce the long of the pipe give the same effect (changing of draw weight)  with other bow type (siyah type or recurve type)? Thanks.
Hey man when you flatten limbs how do you make it straight ? Whenever I flatten it always ends up looking like a snake . Would really appreciate if you could give some advice (:
Hey guys im gonna show you my home made bow and arrow its not good as yours..  :)   13.. Thank you
Hey nick, how did u cut out the sillas? With a hand saw or with and hand saw?
pleaseeeee
hey i would like to know what pvc tube u used i didn't understand it
the selling price was 88 bugs? shame! the arrows alone are worth more! just found it now! ... what a pity!
Complimenti! sei bravissimo!!
Do u sell the bows after u build them or do u have a room dedicated to pvc
Hi Nick, inspired by both yours and Tims videos I'd like to try making some of my own, in the UK schedule 40 pipe is difficult to get hold of, the supplier you linked to in another video only stocks 1½" and 2" Sch 40. I'd lke to start with some low poundage youth bows, any idea how would the larger OD pipe bow behave compared to this design, made to the same dimensions?
very good
Hi Nick. Love your videos! I've made 1 full size crossbow, 2 pistol crossbows and 2 bows so far. Crossbows are fun to make, but the bows are more fun to shoot so I'm totally into archery now. All thanks to you! One question though: you seem to be making bows with siyahs in your more recent videos. In your opinion, do they shoot better than bows with flattened tips with recurve?
Awesome tutorial, thank you! I'll have to try this furniture PVC stuff, looks neat. What saw do you use to cut your siyah - I find that to be the most labor intensive part of the making process?
What piqued your interest into being a bowyer initially?  What started you down this path?  Also, isn't the air _intake_ for the heat gun on the back, where you have it sitting on the stand?  Won't that damage the heat gun?
Abram Lincoln wana be
Show us how to make a mans bow you make only for baby's  uaaa a uaaaa. Uauauaua
Just curious, where did you get your PVC pipe?
can someone tell me where he says the diameter of the pipe, it is 26 inches or 30 mm?? where is the diameter!!!
WTF HE HAS 66,666 subs!!! CONSPIRICY??
Squirel on the fence at 5:05
cool video & very nice green! :)
Looks like a similar design as you elvish bow you made a while back. That green pipe really looks nice!
