great info but  how do you connect to the marker light?
Nice tips, ask Philips some kind of sponsor bro! Thanks a lot!
You should show the part about hooking the orange wire to the marker light.
I didn't see how you do the wiring.
So where do you find the marker light  for the t tap?
I tried buying these Philips ones but they weren't available anymore in my country 🙄
There’s no ground wire?
♥️♥️
Why on earth would you even want to install these on your car? They cause eye strain and migraines
You never answered the other wires
Forgive my potential stupidity here, but how do they turn on/off with the engine if this is connected straight to the battery?
Fitted with double sided tape, heat and water will just fall off !
Marker light wire? Where is that connected to synchronize with head and marker lights?
some one plz tell what is the fu*king point of them is it so that blind people can see you coming in day light wtf there a load of bullocks
Very long and informative video. Why did you omitted the most important part of the wiring for the lights from the connection part from the light sides to the battery. The part  with the  Orange wireFor the stupid of us. In my humble opinion that s the most important part  for the less mechanical and electrical  minded  soul out there.  Cheers. Like me..
The only issue in installing them too low is they can be submerged in the water over flood and  the lights will not survive.
change your channel name to *TheDiyGuy net*
You tube should remove this wasteful video, it tells a lot of useless details and skips the important one about the wiring, I wasted my time.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeR-aTeocqKlGJDTnBKsYjA
Where do 8 get them from
Great video 🙏🏼🙏🏼
is there any way too keep the drl's at full brightness or do u have no control over that ?
Excuse me, but this was a real pain it the ass, when you connected the positive side of the DRL. Never touch the positive side of the battery, before taking down the negative! When reconnecting the battery, vice versa, first the positive and then negative. In short, it’s not the best idea to dig around the positive corner of a closed 12V electric circuit...
Where can pick these up store wise????
What kind are they, where can we get it
Where is the marker light?
i bought a pir.... but the wire calbles are sooo short....i dont get it what were they thinking when making them like that? what am i going to do now...
What a useless video
Hello.I have toyota rav4 and i connect the control box (not orange wire) with the battery and the lights but when i start the engine the lights (philips daylights 9) do not work.what is the fault?
They look shit, to close to the center of the car. I don`t know about U.S. traffic laws but in the UK, they would be illegal in that position.
Your video is easy to follow & images very clear. This should solve my problem of needing to use headlights during the day, which dims my  digital instrument lights into invisibility, thank you! I do have one critique however, you were very careful to not contact any metal when wrenching the positive battery connection. Some of us may be a bit clumsy & spark the wrench. Maybe you could add a caveat to remove the negative cable first, then loosen & attach the positive connection, preventing sparks flying, then finally reattaching the negative cable & negative controller wire.
Good Clean video without too much crap involved. Well done !  EXCELLENT !!
Cant see that 3m tape lasting..didnt see a fuse in the power line????
Were can we buy it
To all you people complaining about what a marker light is ! Its the SIDE light in the headlights . 1st click is side lights  2nd click is main beam headlight Forward on your stick is FULL beam headlight.
Also its Illegal here in Oz to have day time lights on when marker lights are on.After market ones have to be wired in so thet Day time lights turn off when park/head lights are turned on
, you should clean the surface with alcohol before mounting the lights
nice,. but its sucks like that,.. i would had put the orange wire to the head lights or fug lights better,. all on bright would had been better,.. anyhow cool
Nice video
Great video and the lights look as if the car came with them.
What do i do if the battery is under the backseat?
Where can I buy one of those? Model?
3m tape haha...come on brother! How bout when it rains? Haha...it's called SCREWS!!. stop the madness😂😁.
There does not seem to be a switch?....Nice clean, crisp install
NICE!
you didnt show wiring the fuse..?
Also  a little Dielectric grease at the battery connection..........Other than that.... Good Video👍
what's your part number? having a hard time to find these lights on Amazon. can i buy directly from you? i live in Canada.
Nobody else said it?  You should use the Red 3M for this - Not that what you are using is bad, Just that the Red is just a little better for this...
Hi. you has an amazing channel. i like your videos, i subbed you and if you will return me the favor then it will be my pleasure. thanks
T tap marker light connection???????? Jump to the end why don't you...
Nice,where can l get those for my car?
What a load of mechanical waste of time garbage. You COMPLETELY skipped over how/where to wire the orange Marker (what is Marker?) wire into what please...?  Everybody knows how to use a Philips screwdriver and double sided tape.  What about detailing/explaining the electrical/wiring detail (other than the battery - again - simple), in more detail please?  Merry Christmas.
THANKS
Where to.you tap the orange wire?marculay?where.Is.that?
What's a  T tap?
So there's no way to turn them off with the engine running? No good.
Thank you for making this video. I was wondering how the heck they turn on and off and thanks to your answers I now know, Great job........
don't we need any connection with relay?. I connected it directly to battery like you did. but the light is always on.
Wow
Adhesive tape...of course! Who woulda thought? Makes installing drl's a lot easier.
Sir, after you had completed your project, and you turned the engine into the "on" position, did the "load" seamed heavier with the new install added? Or, was that slight hesitation just "normal" for your vehicle?  Sir, thank you for your video, a great job overall.
C
Question ... If my car has day time running lights, would these dim of I turned them on ? Or do they only dim when you have your regular lights on ?
Just been researching the Regulations around the use of these lights as an aftermarket accessory in Australia as my son has bought some for his vehicle.  The following is a direct quote from Department of Transport ' The daytime running lamps shall be switched ON automatically when the vehicle's engine starts. The DRL shall switch OFF automatically when the front headlamps are switched ON' Any advice on whether this occurs using the method in the video would be appreciated as dimming doesn't mean switched off.
Can't a thief just pry it off the bumper since you just used tape
Very nice indeed. Sadly not legal in the UK. Still behind the times.
U mean side lights for us uk people
No word on control box connections?????
Thanks for the video, found it as I'm thinking about fitting some, or similar, or maybe even make my own as a home-made electronics project.  Past DIY experience has taught me to always connect accessories up and test they work before installing. I know what it's like to remove something I just stuck on with 3M tape...
just connect the DRL wire to battery without any fuse or relay?
Disregard my first comment! Can you please explain the purpose of the control box?
hello.. I install my lights similar to your video and used the controller.. my problem is that the lights will go off sometimes while I'm driving or if I leave the car idling.  what is the cause of this?  please respond
Is there anyway to get them to not dim when the head lights are on?
Finished look is odd.
I bought a different branded version of the drl. It doesn't seem to have the control box as your Philips lights. It seems like a direct connection to the battery. I was wondering if they will also dim like your lights when headlights are switched on? Thanks
Excellent, clear and detailed. Well done video sir.
where did u get your day time running lights? any links as i am from the UK. thanks
I have a type of DRL  with no control box How do i install them do they need a relay or  something  can you help me
I would of put the double sided tape on the mounting brackets, so you could of easily changed out the light if needed... but its a nice install...
+RobertLeBlanc There is a control box that only turns them on when the battery is charging.
With the lights connected directly to the battery, what's preventing the lights from being on all the time until the battery drains?
can you make a short drawing or something showing us how to locate the marker light wire and using the T tap?
Thanks for the video. I own a hybrid vehicle. Will the set up be any different? Thanks again .
ahh you just skip some of the important parts of installation and i don't really get it where to place the last wiring you pull out...
Great video man... Any thoughts on how to connect this system to an existing DRL circuit? Specifically, how do I find the right wire? I wan to add LED DRLs to the non-LED factory DRLs. Thanks again man!
Where do we have to connect the t tab?
Nice.
Hi, I've got a Volvo c30 before the face lift, we already have drl but I'm very interested in installing led dlr in the grille, the Orange wire I'm confused as to where that would go? I'm from the uk
i have a question does  the philips day time running lights at night have to be turn on simultaneously with the fog lights cause if thats the case , i would hate that? thanko you
Put a switch in so you can turn them off if your charging system quits. I've had that happen way more than having DRL lights make any difference in safety. Can't remember the last time that headlights, even on a cloudy day, would have made a difference except on motorcycles.
Where can I purchase this kit ? I live in Canada
show on which wire to connect to the marker lamps
Super job sir.  How is that 3M tape holding up?  I have a very tight spot as well and would like to mount like you did.  Thanks!
Nice install
Where do you connect orange wire ??
what if i want to make switch to control the DRL
I want the leds to activate when the OEM drl lights of my car turn on, but with the brightness always the same. How can i connect them, How to determine which wire is the OEM drl of the car?
Hello There I have a set of DRL lights just like your's but with No Orange wire,, how would I connect these and how would they work..i.e as soon as I turn the car on would they come on.? and go off as soon as I switch it off.??
Hey, you didn't show what you did for last wire (marker light)
And if i don't want the drl to dim when headlights are on..do i just leave the orange wire
I have a Mazda 3 2014, I connected the red & black to d battery but it did not light- the yellow wire I tryed connecting it to the drl fuse it light but remain on when car is off, can you help?
"The "T-Tap" is a type of connector used to connect the orange wire to the wire that goes to the marker light / running lights"  This part is a little vague, what, where is the "marker light"? Thanks!
How do you get it running as fog lights?
How does the DRL controller know if the engine is on or off?
where was the marker wire connected ?
The battery in my vehicle happens to be located in the trunk... Would there be a good workaround for this little problem of mine? I'm afraid the power wires won't be long enough to reach it.
does this kit work for acura rsx??
I have a question - i want the drl to only be on with my headlight DRL are on in the day and turn off when my Hi beams come on in the night - can you help me on where i would have to tap the orange wire?
Missed the description link after watching the vid. My bad ;) Thanks for the reply, keep up those vids ;)
Thanks for the vid. Sorry for my English, but where did the "T-Tap" (or something like that) orange cable go? Where should it be connected?  9:19 min. Thanks.
