Awesome video. Thank you for the knowledge
Very simple video. Thank you. However, my dryer drum is turning very slowly after installing the new belt. Any thoughts?
Sears…classis
your hand is covering the part where you thread the belt on the pulleys!
two improvements:  when lifting the top @0:45 don't scrape the wall up like this guy did.  Also @1:26 when putting the belt over the idler pulley to the motor, be sure the belt is actually around the pulley and not stuck wedged against the pulley frame.  Otherwise nice explanation.
I always forget how to route this belt.  https://youtu.be/tmKtmp9ZIb4?t=86
Brief & Brilliant!!!  Thanks for a simple video that helped me replace the belt in 10 mins!!
My belt keeps snapping. I've gone through two now in about a year. I have the grooved side facing the drum. Any ideas? Do I need a new pulley system?
Great video. looks easy huh? No it's not. Having done this now for the second time in the past 18 mos. it is a *pain* in the asterisk.  If you could remove the side panel that's closest to the motor, it would be a 10 min. job. But you can't. The only way to do it is make the loop around the pulley and motor first, hold it taunt and then maneuver the drum in place ever so slowly, inching the belt along the way being careful not to pop it off the pulley. Very tough to do when you can't get access to the motor & pulley from above or front. If these damn manufacturer's would simply install an access panel (a hatch) on the side that you can easily remove with screws, doing this DIY job would be much easier.
Very helpful thank you! I just needed to see the dryer belt attaching to the pulley thing.
Comments on what belt to order and they go by width and length duh ...(measuring device(?)) ....thankyou and with the ten percent off sears parts direct ...could sell them for the 10% off as profit and 10% markup for e sale , maybe even drop ship lol , good for side income maybe ....thankyou i clicked because it was the shortest but it's all i needed , the overview on it is a ton of help and if i fix the dryer i might get lucky that night soon ....🥰
....should of watched this before I used the sawsall
Is it just me or does the motor move from the lower left in the wide shot to the lower right in the up close shot?
Thank you, saved me a repair call. And I did it again... so I guess if I can, you can do this too.
I'm surprised that one doesn't have to pull the dryer out to do the work and it looks easy to do. I will try to save some money.
What size we can use for? Is it 27” wide dryers with 92 1/4” L x 1/4" W Belt? Whirlpool Dryer Series 500
Thanks.   Very well explained.  Short and simple.
Xxdxxxdfrrddfffxlyxxee er rhfffffffgggffffffffgfffrtrdd
What ridiculous how to this is. You blocked the entire loop belt. How the heck do we loop it? Hand blocked entire loop.
Way too fast
Where does lint screws when dropped
Thank you! I just replaced mine, it works!!
I wish this video spent a little more time showing the actual placement of the belt on the pulleys and talked about the significance of the ribs on INSIDE of the belt. I get the jest of it even though theres a huge hand blocking the view. I just thought there would have been more focus on placing the belt given the title of the video is How To Replace A Belt
Dryer belt broke 2 days ago, figured out that it was the belt yesterday. Replacement part should be arriving this afternoon, hoping this tutorial will work with my specific dryer. (Especially since according to Kenmore, my specific model doesn't even exist?) EDIT: Never mind, mine has a thick plastic window on the front, and the top doesn't hinge open like that. I highly doubt the belt would even go on that easily.
You forgot to mention disconnecting the gas.
Thank you!!! Fixed dryer in a less than 20mins with 11 dollar belt off amazon!
Thank You!
Helped me fix our dryer.  Thanks.
Greetings from Ecuador, my wife and I retired here a couple of years ago, we brought our Kenmore appliances with us. The dryer broke its belt this afternoon, but no worries, this video is very helpful. As fast as I can get a new belt, I can fix this. Thanks!
Very easy even a woman could do if has no man around
Thank you for this video. It was very helpful. Gremlins seem to have taken my front panel mounting screws. Must have over a thousand screws &  appears I have none of proper size. Can you tell me the size or even potential p. It's an older model. Everything went smoothly until I lost the mounting screws. Thank you!
Oh, yeah, man. Just pull the front out and up, easy-peasy. I'm about to tear this piece of crap into a billion hunks of twisted metal and bury it in the backyard.  They don't have a video for my exact model :/ 417.84152500. So far, there have been more screws than the one in the video and I had to use a crowbar to get the front away from the sidewalls because there are four clips on the inside in the addition to the screws. Now I can't get it to release from the bottom and I can't see why. I'm going to have to straighten out the metal somehow when I put it back on because I bent it out of shape trying to get the clips to release. All this for a machine where I either have to run the loads twice because they don't get dry, or it melts things because it randomly decides to pick up the heat. I'll be getting a new one in a few weeks, for sure, but I'm not gonna let this evil bastid win. It will submit or die violently.   tldr: if you have the 417.84152500 and need to replace the belt, just yank out all your teeth and buy a new one instead. It'll be less painful.
The video omitted one important fact... the ribbed side of the new belt must be placed against the drum.
YO.  You need to make threading the belt through the tension-er/idler pulley go by the screen even faster.  Then,  even fewer people will understand how to do it.  Either you are purposefully obscuring that info or you are indeed too dim to comprehend the importance of the step in the repair.  Scheeeesh.
How the he'll I'm suppose to see how to put it on with his hand I  the way & he he did it so quick
That was so well explained, thanks much!! 😊
TY! Easy to do... Not sure about finding the right belt, however?
You needed a better angle to show the belt being installed on the idler pully.  The Craftsman glove was in the way and from what I see, the belt was never fully on the pulley. Other than that, this was a straightforward quick video that I referenced with my phone while putting on a belt.  Thanks!
thank you very very much - we have this exact dryer and found the belt had not broken but fallen off the idler pulley - either way this video was extremely helpful and I'm certain saved us a from a $ervice call......much appreciated
