Can I use 00 flour instead of bread flour or is it the same ...thanks great video
Is OIL necessary  to get that result?
Is it possible to bake a sourdough off without a Dutch oven?
You are amazing in this! Thank you, ty, ty. I’m going to use your video while I bake this today!
I didn’t hear about the amount of oil or salt used pls let me know as I want to make ‘‘this recipe for her sourdough
That is the best looking bread, kudos to you
I have a couple questions  Do i have to have cornmeal? Or could i use oil in my Dutch oven?  Also,  how long can the second batch be refrigerated?
Very comprehensive!! Thank you
I've been making sourdough bread for years and I've found it's not as fragile as people think. There are several versions, I've tried most of them, especially the longer proofing methods and they all work. Have fun trying different methods and experiment with your own.
Your video is among the best I've seen, very professional and informative :)
Wonderful. I started my sour dough. I am so excited  to see the results. Thank you.
Great video. Thanks😃
Hello there! Im making your sourdough bread recipe as I type, it's in the final shape/ proof phase. Im surely excited to try this version as my regular sourdough bakes take me 12 to 24 hours to complete. Thank you for the uploaded video and as always, you are entertaining to watch and read.
ابواصضضصص
wow! that is a low hydration ratio for sourdough. looks like a decent loaf though
very different from the way I make mine but thanks.
I have sour dough start and I plan to make my first loaf in the next couple of day my question is could I use this recipe for bread roll as well
What can I do if I don't have Dutch oven? Can I just put it on the baking tray and bake it? Will that work? If not then... Any suggestion? Thanks for the video. Xoxo
Great!
how much flour and water do you use to "feed" the starter after it is already a few weeks old? thanks
wow looks beautiful hallelujah
Does it matter what kind of oil I use in my bowl to keep the bread from sticking? Thanks for the help, I appreciate it very much.
Thanks! Great recipe, my sourdough came out just like yours!
Привет. Я люблю смотреть ваш канал. Сп
If i want my sourdough bread to have a mild taste what should i do
what can i use if i don't have a dutch oven?? P.S. love your videos
