I have an overhead round junction box in my garage with triples twisted together and capped with wire nuts. There is white, black, red & bare copper. I think this might be a good place to add a circuit for a project like this. Any experience with this?
Have you done any videos on replacing/upgrading a homes service power panel? Mine is from 1987 and is u underpowered and has older breakers, some that have weakened over the years from trips over time.
Great video! I'm really impressed and would like to implement these actions to my own garage. Does anyone know if these techniques conform to San Diego County building codes? Yeah, they're kinda strict her in California about a lot of things.....
I'm thinking of adding outlets to my finished garage and this is still the best video on YouTube. Thank you very much sir!
15amp GFIC and 15amp outlets are perfectly fine to code if on a 20amp breaker using 12/2 as long as you have at least two.  If you only have ONE outlet then you MUST use a 20amp outlet or GFCI.
Had to watch twice, i was so entertained i forgot learn about installing plugs.  Lol.
This dudes awesome
Got any tips for mounting the box over the old box? I want to make sure this will work when I try and do it at my house!
What part of Scotland are you from?
Using the center screw only on your receptacles is not adequate, you should also fasten the receptacles using the top and bottom screws. They are typically supplied with the box cover and come with kep nuts or serrated flange nuts.
I’m in a renters property and I’m allowed to do modifications to the house as long as they’re done correctly so thank you very much because this is going to help me so much
You shouldn't be using NM-B cable inside conduit.
This is great. Looks so easy. Now I don’t have to have extension cords all over my garage. Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you Dom! Excellent tutorial. Very informative and positive video!
Thanks
I was waiting for you to say badah bing! Good video.
I want to do this off a 15amp plug to my garage door.  I want to add 3 to 4 outlets.   Currentky the 15 amp breaker has 2 garage doors and a water softner plugged to it.  Can i do 3 or 4 more  recepticals or one a couple.  Also gonna put a gfci on the stsrt of the added  outlets so if its ever over losded shouldnt eggect garsge doors.  Should this be ok.   Lol.  I donnt if i need to wirru bout adding to many.
Sounds like my garage
Simple, funny and Easy.
I dont like clutter, its a sign of clutter in the mind.
Splices in the box in the wall are inaccessible.  Could’ve spliced in the 4in box that’s surface mounted.
Should be an interesting watch. My garage only has one outlet, which has left me dumbfounded. There should at least be an outlet per wall.
Nice DIY only thing I would change is strap placement and use an extention box to put over the first box, they have metal 4" but they have no back just holes to connect over the recessed box so you dont have to remove the box to service the wires behind.
Are you on drugs?
Very nice. :)
Not seeing link to shopping list…….please send link
I am not electrician but from what I have read I was under the impression you cannot put rolex inside conduit because of heat generated by the wires is that true?
does it matter how many outlets you connect?  At what point would you run the wires back to the circuit breaker box or do you not need to do that? can you install larger outlets then the standard 2 in each box?  Lets say you wanted four outlets in one box?
great video. wish you would actually walk us though the steps instead of just showing us completed step, if that makes sense
Who are these assholes building houses with 1 garage outlet? They need to be dealt with.
I have two double outlet boxes in my garage. One is a 15 amp that runs my lights and saws and the 20 amp runs my dust collector or heater or air compressor. I thought that I would need to use a junction box to connect to the existing outlets and then run my conduit and romex through those. I guess I'm confused as to how you connected the first box to the existing one. Other than that, this was super helpful. It's going to be expensive to add the outlets that I want. But I can slowly accumulate the parts I need.
This is like the Rob Gronkowski of DIY
Power you a fridge n fill w cold beer
The way this guy talks totally reminds me of Frank Reynolds. I can totally see Danny DeVito recording this video
Can the GFI go on one of the other or last box?  The first box  in my garage is behind a freezer
very straight to the point, love it
Roflmao. Laughter while learning. Great video. You rock!
Yo Dominic, you forgot to show how to wire the 4 gang at the end. I need to know...
You talk too fast and don't explain what things are AND mean for a woman with nooo electrical experience wanting to add an electrical outlet at the bottom of steps inside a garage to a double light switch maybe 4 feet away. Funny, but nooo help for a job that is much less involved.
How about putting some light fixture above the work table?
Funny yet informative!
4:26 your technically supposed to put in a box that has a cut out in the back so the connections in the existing electrical box in the wall can remain accessible
I'm compelled to add what is funny to me. Your work space looks pretty well established, that you got that far along before adding Outlets. 😁
I love this guy. I wanna have a beer with him and build cool shit.
How did you mount that 4” square box to the existing box in the wall? Is it an approved method per code.
Great job 👍👍👍
Thank you!! We are remodeling our garage which will be a design studio and we only have ONE outlet to cover power a 340 square foot room. I’m so glad that you made this video so I can show my electrician EXACTLY what we need. 👍🏾
Ok took me over 6 years but I figured it out. Pinkie to thumb equals the space between my ears. Did I win?
It's against code to conceal boxes like you did in the wall, but this is what I'll be doing.
Cool, I was looking into doing the same thing in my garage and I thought I'd check you tube DIY to get some idea and voila! Thanks for the info!
Not bad. You should have pointed out a very important step to people that after cutting EMT you need to ream/de-burr it so that it fits couplings & wire does not get sliced open on it. Aside from that, the only other thing I would have added was take a moment to analyze what is already on that circuit. Especially in older homes there can already beca lot of stuff on that 20A and it may be advisable to run a new 20A circuit. Case in point, my garage outlet (just one), garage door opener, garage light, basement lights, basement outlets, and oddly, the kitchen stove, are all on that circuit. I did not want to be adding a drill press, chop saw, and space heater to that circuit. It’s an important thing to analyze and consider what you need, want, and what already exists as a draw on that 20 amp breaker. I opted to run two garage circuits actually, a 15 & a 20. The 15 is for smaller stuff, radio, battery charger, vac, outdoor security lights, space heater, etc, while the 20 is for my higher draw tools such as air compressor, drill press, jack hammer, chop saw, etc. I also put in a blanked box to power an EV charger if I or a future owner ever decide to get one (20A will only work for a light duty EV charger fyi).  The slight downside to adding circuits is you’re supposed to pull a permit & get it inspected. While it is a hassle in most minds & a lot of people don’t, the inspection is to be certain the install was done properly & the house will not burn down and possibly kill someone, which is a good thing in most minds. Especially so for DIYers who don’t want to hire a pro but may inadvertently create a fire hazard and lose a child as a result. So if you’re going to DIY, pay for the peace of mind at least and rest easy that things are safe & proper. Great vid though. You might want to add decaf to your tool box.
you can use romex wires but you just have to remove the yellow jacket off of it.
That's the spirit  !
Romex is never placed inside of EMT due to possibility of increased heat. An inspector will have you remove it.  Also must ream inside of conduit.
why we need metal box instead of outlet inside the dry wall?
Why didnt you run two outlets in one box that would had given four plug ins & wouldnt needed to run all the extra boxes in a line you could have also pluged in an ac outlet box with any number of outlets on it rather then doing all these extra boxes.
How many can I add
Excellent Thank you
How did you mount the first metal box to the plastic box already in the wall?  I tried to do that and the hole spacing is different between the metal one and the plastic one.
Could you utilize any of the punch outs? And elbows? I have my gfci outlet that is lower and I want to raise it about 2 ft higher then run it around the corner for the high work bench.
I loved this video, very informative and entertaining. I would like to put in a receptacle in my garage, however all I have is a box with a light switch. Can you get power from that box to run to the new GFI receptacle box without over loading the breaker. ?
If there's already wires going into the load of the GFCI - how do I know if theyre daisy chained to the lights and nothing else? If I do what you did and piggy tailed the hots and nuetrals, it won't have the GFCI protection - and if there's something else downstream of the GFCI other than the lights that would be an issue. I tried individually putting everything in wire nuts but when it was all said and done I couldn't fit the receptacle into a deep 4 gang box...
Are you a certified electrician??
I don't know whose putting in only one/two outlets per garage (I know it's the minimum for code) but it's pissing me off.
Awesome vid, best one on Youtube for this!! Quick question: If I'm going to be doing this, but instead of in my garage, the existing outlet is outdoors and all the new outlets will also be outdoors..does each box need a GFI or just the one at the beginning of the circuit? THANK YOU
Why do we need GFI rather than a normal recepetacle is it for surge protection and over load??
I loved this video  ...I did the same thing in my garage but I have no power past the gfci.  I was hoping  you could help
Great vid...... can’t wait to test the finger to thumb theory 🍆👍🏽🇺🇸
Dammmnnnnn you saved me such a hard time I have this same issue and was dreading the idea of having to cut dry wall just to run lines BRILLIANT
Excellent
Great directions....came out the way you said. Thank you so much!
I was trying to found out why I have power from my house to my garage so I hooked up a plug in and I have power but when I plug my air compressor in it doesn’t want to work what did I do wrong
Aren't those outlets down the line from the gfi to be wired in parallel rather than in series?
"tsss...This guy's good" - Chip Chipperson
He is funny.
Only 2 thing i would have done different 1st I would have made a box offset on the pipe to secure the pipe on the wall with 1/2" one hole straps, by the way you don't need a pipe bender you could have done it work ure hands I do it all the time, or bought 4' Pipe at home depot with the offset on them already on them, they sell short stubs for do it ure self home improvements, 2nd I would have installed the bench receptacles up side down with the ground up...anybody knows why? If you want to know ask me here....
*gfci
Can you do that with 240v?
Not brain science 😂 think he meant surgery
I was going to do this because I have a lot of extra 12/ 2 romex, but an electrician told me you can't run romex thru conduit because of heat issues and code. So I figured I'll just cut the sheathing off and run the individual wires thru the conduit. Electrician said I can't do that either....once removed from sheathing it's not ANSI approved. So I have 200 feet of romex just sitting around🙄
good news- didn't want to open up the wall in an old garage- so surface mounting the boxes is an ideal solution- thanks
😂😂😂😂😂 Yea, I got power baby! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
How did you mount the new box to the existing box?
This whole video is excellent but what really sold me was the consistency of his glares on every transition. Absolutely, 100% spot on.
Very cool, thanks for sharing
One thing to note for the people considering doing this yourself. Code states that anything carrying wires (conduit, romex, etc.) has to be strapped depending on what you're using the distance of the straps varies. It's to help with the weight pulling all your work out of the wall and possibly damaging the wires and exposing the copper inside. All this information can be googled.
7:24 LOL
thanks very easy explaining , i might just try and wire up my basement now . thanks for the walk threw
Love this guy great video man. Finally more plugs in my garage thanks
i'm learning so just curious. on your gfi outlet there are 2 sets of wiring out right, one going left, the other going up. the bottom is power coming in. my question is the wiring going up, is another outlet or a light fixture? if it's a light fixture which i thought you said,would that need a switch to be installed somewhere?
Thank you, Dominick, now I don’t have to break open my walls. Funny way to show the project, I love it!
quick question....The last outlet has two plugs, how did you wire it? Did you use pig tails?
20 amp GFCI outlets require 12 gage wire, that looks like 14/2 romex your using
Pull the wires out of the Romex sleeve (it’s very easy) before you put them in the conduit. There is a NEC code limit to the amount of Romex you can run in a conduit (6’, I think) just to overcome  areas of danger to the cable. Longer runs in conduit can overheat.
i got power baby!!!
Can plastic conduit be used instead of metal?
Ok you used wire go to the light 💡?? So how can I off and on the light ??
Sir, may i say, that is the most hilarious DYI project ever.. caught a little bit of Dice Clay there at the end.
"Nice little slug for those of you who use laundry mats" hahaha nice
what about the light? Does it connect to the power out at the gfi like the new outlets?
Say you run a shop vac and a circular saw at the same time.... that will surely pop that gfi correct?
Conduit & EMT are two distinct electrical products. Fittings are not interchangeable.  We generally use tubing cutters on EMT. And file all cuts. Certainly enjoy his tape measure. Pigtailed grounds need a mechanical fastening to meet code. Copper crimp is best ! Are the devices tamper resistant ? Certain localities require a licensed electrician to perform work. And a permit.
Awesome video! Would it be to code if you did the same thing but used PVC conduit/ box’s ?
Great video loved it, by the way the distance between my thumb and pinky is more then yours , just saying :}
I have always wanted to know how to run an outlet.  Since we dont need any Im not sure what to do with this new found knowledge but now I know.
Thank you for the videos, I'll now add more outlets in my garage.
Exelent video sir.
Could I use flexible conduit instead, or does it have to be regular conduit like what you used here?
Awesome I'm pretty handy with looks of things but electric is kinda scary dont want to burn down my house lol but this video was really good an helpful I'm struggling with the same issue in my garage. One outlet but I have another fridge in garage so how would I do it if I'm getting power from that to run my exp table saw I'm sure its gonna trip it? What can I do to avoid that I'm not sure what amp is the braker for garage thanks for any input anyone thanks
Good stuff and I learned something. Thank you.
This guy is awesome. I can tell he would be fun to work with, great video!!
Thanks "askmediy"; Excellent explanations and video. You have good teaching skills.
thanks for the lessons!
Get an extension cord!
YEA I GOT POWER BABY!!! Thx love your energy!!
Why are power outlets made out of metal!!! Doesnt it conduct electricity??? Yes they get grounded etc but shouldnt that damn box be covered with some insulated paint? Liquid porcelana or some stupid shit???
Great vid
Okay... I have no experience what so ever with doing this type of work. Looking forward to trying this  this weekend in my garage.  Should be ELECTRIC!!.... SMH.
It is 9:01 a.m. right now.  I've been searching for what you show in this video since 5:30 a.m. this morning.  Thank you!  But I thought it was not a good idea to run Romex through conduit because of heating.  Could you comment on that please?  Thank you again!!!
super energy as some folks said..lol short like a clown..
Ehh, you are not supposed to install sheathed wires in a conduit. It is supposed to be THHN. Simply removing the sheath will not bring it up to code either, as the wires need to be individually labeled. Again, you need THHN in order to meet code.
Those dont really work for slugs these days!
AWESOME VIDEO---!!!
I didn't learn sh*t but this guy is hilarious!
This guy ain't only wiring but sounds wired as well !
Good video but there is a big problem with the pigtail splicing being done before the plug. In most houses the garage GFI protects all the outdoor receptacles. By doing it the way you show it on your video, the GFI will protect the new plugs in the garage but not the outdoor plugs. If you want to keep the outdoor plugs and the new garage plugs protected by GFI, the pigtail splice needs to be done right after the load connection on the plug. Power goes into the "line" on the plug, comes out from the "load" on the plug and then it splits to where it was going originally (outdoor plugs) and the new garage plugs.
Rough as toast 😂😂😂
Thank you....
Like the way you do and funny make me laugh, great tip thanks
Common! U are really funny men
Hi, I got a question for ya. Do you got a video showing how to take hard wiring at flood light and making it into a female plug in, a double plug in receptacle? Outside at the roof/facial board. I got a camera now and it's only plug in type. Got to plug it in for camera to work, so I thought I might be able to utilize the flood light wires to a receptacle or something, since camera is going right next to the existing flood light up there on facial board.
every friken house i move to got one outlet and one light bulb in the garage goddam it, i don't understand why these stupid contractors just ignore the fact that a garage is not only to park a car.
Yeah  I got power baby !!! lol thank you for a great video.
4:22 always tape wire nuts
"because I'm short, not like clown short"
First 40 seconds was my reaction to the garage at my new home. Priceless.
Working on my garage soon! Thanks for the great tutorial!
Your video was awesome and thank you for the DIY information
roffl - i love the instruction and comedy. good video.
That is stupid wonder if you can sue the last owners for not having extra electric boxes dirt ball shame home doesnt have them....
Awsome job. Never asked for like or subscribe. Good work. I was on the right track with my project. Just needed bit of help. Great video that made sense Thanks
Hi tanks for your videos very helpful  I have a Question ? Why yo have. Two black or hot  cable from the old outlet ? And. I see  you connect each black cable or hot to each cooper screw  ?? Thanks for your help.
7:00 won't work for me. I have a busted pinky.
Brave men work with the power on!!
Still trying to FIGURE IT OUT..wait I get it..funny guy
Cool!! Now I feel more confident adding outlets into the garage. Great video and demonstration 👍
I like the job,also didn't realize you can protect other outlets with one gfi,thanks for the info
I got power baby!! Thx for the video
Fuggataboutdit.... whatevah... I miss Brooklyn.
Love this guy, ehhh!!! So much easier listening to him explain things as you go through what he is saying....I put 3 extra outlets on each garage wall & I was done in no time........"I got Pow-werr Ba-bee!!!" Haha!
Your like an older vin diesal
You made a good instruction video that is entertaining as well with real life dudes at home. I have no patience with the instruction videos as they tend to be so annoying but this is one good way that you did.
Some errors here such as not using a 4square box with the S1 opening in the back  At least the splices are somewhat “accessible “ with some extra work..... Using Minnies for support would be the way to go so you don’t need box offsets and an entire conduit bending class. Not supposed to put Romex in pipe anymore but I did it for years until the Code was change a couple cycles ago.  Nice job considering the skill level. Proper grounding is happening ..... A few rookie mistakes but I don’t see a need to chew this guys ass over it ..... been doing the work for over 25 years & I have seen bare bailing wire (ENERGIZED) yes, hot running through barns and garages and all kinds of other crazy ass dangerous stupidity take place in my time so this ain’t so bad and he observed ground and down stream of the GFCI
What if you have a door in between? In my garage the 1 outlet is on 1 wall and I need to run it to wall next to it, but there is a doorway blocking the path :-(
classic; want to drink beers with this guy
This guy just saved the men of their homes hundreds of dollars.
Subbed...well done.
Good video
Nice Video.Very informative.Thanks
Hi.  Thank you for the video.  I not very familiar with electrical or construction, but I"m learning (thanks in part to you).  My question is using that set up, would running multiple items cause your breaker to pop?  Say like that miter saw, a radio and a shop vac hooked up to your miter saw? Is there a way to run it so that doesn't happen?
forget about it
Great video dude
Lmfao great video oh man can stop lol
why does it matter if you wire hot to hot? Its AC and you just need the potential difference right?
You made a splice behind that box. That’s a big no no. You can’t run ROMEX through conduit. You need to use THHN.
The 2 1/2 car garage on the house I just bought has 1 outlet. :I There's a flimsy extension cable run from it all the way to the door opener too. The cord barely will stay plugged in, it's so old and loose. Major upgrade needed. Probably a new breaker panel, outlets on all walls, and lighting on a separate breaker.
okay, OK, ok,  ;-)
Your the best.
this is guy is freakin awesome!!!!
Great video man. I think I am going to take this approach in my garage. My problem is either getting through two fire blocks if I want to run the wires through the wall. It almost seems easier to just do it your way rather than do that. Thanks for making this.
How do you ground if you are using a plastic box?
Great video you are absolutely hilarious I learn so much from your videos.
How is it still going to run the garage light?
I watched your video and was inspired to add additional outlets to my garage. I followed the same method you did, placing a GFCI outlet to protect the downstream outlets. I installed boxes and conduit as my garage walls are concrete block. I ran the wires (14/2) that matched my current wiring. When I got it all put together, and turned the power back on, all appeared to be working. The green indicator light on the GFCI outlet was on and all downstream outlets work.   Bravo to me, or so I thought. Yes, I have downstream power with functioning outlets. I also have a good indicator light on the GFCI. However, what I don't have is a functioning GFCI outlet. When I plugged into the GFCI, I had nothing. Downstream works, indicator light works, but nothing from the outlet.  Not having time to mess with it anymore today (gotta do that work thing), is this a wiring issue, wrong wire to wrong terminal, or  perhaps a bad outlet? I would think either one would make the whole system fail, but that is not the case.  Thanks for any advice that you can offer.
bada bing, bada boom!
I had been searching for an hour to get a single WHAT it looks like!!!!  I need clear pictures, YOU GOT CLEAR PICTURES.  THANK YOU.
Technically, it,s not called GFI but GFCI...ground fault circuit interruptor.
You're a funny guy, and thank you for the helpful video, well done.
Cheers Dom
Finally a great video with useful info. I will be adding outlets to my garage next weekend.
Great video
that was a great tutorial and appreciated your humor and common sense approach.  well done!  that was well worth the price of a beer or two!
You should not cover over connections you should have used a open back box . Running jacketed wire in emt is not allowed in my state and you should have pig tailed your outlets instead of using all 4 screws on the outlet . If a outlet goes bad the rest of the line will be out pig tailing is a better way to go .
I've done basic electrical (replacing switches, outlets, fans, etc.) and find the video great, but questions about the GFI.  I currently have an outlet in my garage, but it is connected to a GFI in another part of the house.  Can I still change the outlet to a GFI and connect it to the other GFI or can I bypass the new GFI completely?
Funny and informative... This is very helpful thanks
whats the maximum amount of outlets/lights on a 15 amp breaker?
Great video, I've looked for the shopping list you said and I haven't found any anywhere.  Can you please post the list, it will greatly be appreciated.
Thank you for explaining how to add more outlets like I'm a five year old!  This was SO helpful for someone like me.  Very easy to understand and saved me hundreds of dollars. Subscribing to your channel!
Very nicely done.  The only suggestion I'd make is pigtail a wire to each outlet rather than having in/out leads on each outlet. 2 wires instead of 4 on the outlet. There is nothing wrong with the 4 wires on each outlet but I just finished changing all of the outlets in our house and the electrician had wired them in this manner instead of using a pigtail and it was a PIA, The other consideration in a chain like this, is if one outlet goes bad it will take all with it, if pigtailed only one outlet will be cold, the others will still work. This is not a big deal in this situation as the chain is obvious, but if done with closed walls (and by someone else) it could be more difficult to figure out which way the power is running.
Just did my garage. Came out great. Would of never attempted this project if I didn't discover this video.
Why didn't you put 4 plug-ins in each box?
Great Work Dominic. thank you!
how easy is it the trip that circuit?
Good job. Showing this to my son in his new home.
2:00 those things work as quarters in the laundry mat?
what's the wire gauge needed to wire a gfi outlet?
jim from scotland  Good video! pal
Thank you so much for posting this! After contacting five electricians who never bothered to respond, we were able to add two much-needed outlets to our garage following your instructions. I guess they felt that the job wasn't big enough to bother with. I've subscribed to your channel, so you're probably going to see more comments from me as I work through the various projects I want to get done. Happy Holidays!
I thought Romex through conduit was a code "no no"? Thought it needs to be THHN? Also THHN would be easier to pull.
Dude, I wish I could buy you a beer. Great tutorial! Be blessed, Michael.
please, will you consider showing how to run coaxial cable through outside wall. I bought an outside antenna and want to run cable inside to tv. Thanks
Do you reside in Cook County IL.?
How can you ground outlets in homes built in the 50s ?
How can you ground outlets in homes built in the 50s ?
Your video popped up on my recommended list. I enjoyed watching, you are informative and entertaining. Nice tip on that GFI.
Sounds like Joe Pesci from Lethal Weapon movies.
i don't typically comment, but this was the most helpful video for the type of project i'm working on. great humor too. Good job
Love the bench grinder on your cluttered bench, perhaps a fire suppression system should be your next project.
Not funny at all. Too much dinking around..
I added 5 more outlets onto 2 walls. thanks for making it easy for me!!! I got power for my arcade, electric signs and clocks, PA systeam and tools.... great hangout for the family! thanks again!
I watched your video on a sub box but what if you don't have any space for a breaker when you have to add the one for your sub box how do you wire up the new box ( you will have to wire for the breaker you replaced) what if those wire ain't long enough to go to the new box what are you supposed to do then
looks easy enough thank you
Did you use 12 or 14 gauge wires? It looks like 14 and u used 20 amps mixed outlets.  It's a bit confusing. Your outlets are saying that your using a 20 amps circuit breaker, if so, in Canada its 20 amps on 12 gauge wires and usualy a max of 12 outlets on one circuit.  Adding the GFi is THE way to go in this particular situation.  For the other ones out there, notice that sometime the lighting is on the same breaker then the wall outlets.  I would run a new circuit because if you use a powertool you will get flickering on those light bulbs.
This guy is hilarious! Great vid! Gonna tackle this thing myself!
I know that code is different in different places, but shouldn't the connections to the power/neutral/ground in the first box be inside the box, rather than behind it?  In that way, if one of those connections get lose, the heat will stay inside the box and be less likely to start a fire.  Otherwise, good straightforward video.
Because of your great video, I Added outlets to my garage!!! Thanks.
I have been planning on adding an outlet to the front of the garage for years now...lol   Maybe this is the year.
Gotta love Youtube, nice job on the video...I have that same issue as many others.  Home built in the early seventies, with one wall outlet and no outlet in the ceiling for our garage door opener, we've been using an extension cord for years.  To make this look as professional as possible, when running conduit to power the new ceiling box for my garage door opener, should I run conduit all the way on top of the drywall to a surface mounted box, or run conduit into the ceiling and run wire from there to a flush mounted box?
cool video!
Enjoyed watching you, so entertaining and informative.
can I put that yellow wire in a 3/4 plastic conduit to go underground or do I have to use the uf cable? I'm running power from back of house to shed
I have a big question any help appreciated
What's a GFI outlet?
Don't you need a permit in case you ever sell your house?
I like that you chose not to tear open the wall and run conduit ....I didn't even think if that and I almost started tearing into the walls ... I my science and lab classes at school were the same way .......fantastic video
I like this guy, taught me so much. I have a ceiling plug in my garage. what a pain runing extension cord accross the garage to plug in stuff.
I don't understand why builders just put one outlet in garages, or why that's even minimum code. You just end up with home owners running extension cords everywhere.
Yeah! I got power baby!
Oh my God LOL. Man, I was Laughing my ass off. This man is soooo coooooool. I like the video and every move he did. The way he explaining , the way he showing and talking you can tell he is a fun guy and thanks so much for your sense of humor . It's so much easy to remember those kind of things with someone like Dominic who got positive attitude . Very excellent video. I am an electrician and I just came here to give a support to Dominic to continue posting videos with so much positive energy. Good job man.
Do I do anything different if I put 2 outlets per box? Just run short wires from outlet to outlet in each box?
i dont see your "shopping list" you said was posted on here???
Yeah! I got power baby!
jeje buena!
I originally clicked on this hoping to have a bit of a laugh at people explaining super basic concepts like I saw in a previous video, but honestly this video just has great entertainment value. I didn't need to hear anything in it but I'm glad I listened. I'll definitely be checking out some of the other videos on this channel.
WOW!  Thanks for the vids. very helpful.
they make extension boxes biger opening in back
How did you mount gfci outlet box to the plastic outlet box in the wall?
solar panels off-grid and 12 battery solar power your home)300 MAH big battery
This is a very nice video Dominic, But you did not show how you install every box in a series fashion (from one outlet to the next) Thanks.
Any reason why BX wasn't used in this particular garage installation?
XThank's I really needed to see your demo, now I have a lot more confidence to do the job. 👏🇺🇸
I've noticed that my old house has some ground wires, ran to the ones that ARE 3 way receptacles but I followed the ground wire and it's ran to my water pipes under my house, is this safe?
why didn't you show them how you installed them? Don't be afraid to do it a couple times for the videos. you obviously know alot of stuff, and these are great refresher courses you provide people.and thanks man, i like to pump myself up with install videos before I start a construction project
I also only have 1 outlet in my garage.  I want to add 2 more outlets because I charge 2 electric cars.  Each car draws 12 amps so the breaker flips when I plug in both cars.  How do I solve this problem?  Do I have to put each outlet on its own circuit breaker?
Fantastic video.  Thanks man!
Hi, what type of 4 inch box did you use to align the holes in the gang box behind the 4 in box for your gfci receptacle? I have tried different boxes and none of them seem to align the holes good enough to do a surface mount.
at 11:12 i see a 4 plug outlet ?  how did you wire that ???  that is what i need to know for my garage...  do you have a video on wiring a 4 plug outlet ???
Thanks Dominick that was excellent.
Would I use a similar method to add outlets from my outside patio fixture? i.e. Add new romex to the hot, then the other end, connect it to a socket like normally?  If I wanted add a couple more outlets too.  The on/off toggle switch wouldn't effect the newly installed outlets right?
Thanks!
freakin awesome guy..good video
AWESOME JOB THANK YOU DOMINICK GONNA HANDLE THAT PROCEDURE SOON, THANK YOU FOR YOUR AWESOME SHARING!!!
Always check with the county concerning the codes and about getting a permit. My friend got into a huge mess when he was selling his house because he never pulled an electrical permit. I watched your video and didn't see any supports or hangers within 18" inches from each box, which is a requirement in my county. Your county may be different, so better check before doing any work and save yourself a headache.
Ok great..Thank you!!
Awesome video!
Is it an option to come out both ends of the first outlet (GFI).   In my Garage the outlet is right in the middle and I was wondering if I could go both ways to add outlets on both sides?  Thanks.
here in NYC we don't jump from outlet it self to other we always tight the wire together hot with hot and neutral to neutral which it give us a pigtail that what we tight to the outlet which make it easy for trouble shooting usually in big high rise building
awesome!
Thanks for posting this video.  Just added 3 new outlets in my garage with your help.  Glad there are people out there that help out the DIYers of the world.  Keep up the good work.
You're a funny guy Dominick, thanks for making it appealing and easy for us DIYers. (Distance between the pinky and thumb! What if ya got small hands??)
Dominick, I'm grateful for your generous consideration of the poor, "diy", electrically challenged, like myself.  I'm interested in adding electricity for 2 different applications.   First, a carpenters workshop (20'x 25') and second, an Astronomy hobby, which demands running a remote line, 100' to a concrete pier and EQ mount for a telescope.  I can run wires, add boxes and outlets already.  After plenty of research and watching many video's, including yours, I believe I can add breakers and even a sub panel.  Questions: 1.)  How do you decide how many amps to send to the sub panel? 2.)  Is there a limit to how many amps you can  run to a sub box, 50, 60, 90 or even 100 amps?  I mean, I believe my main box is fed w/ 200 amps from the high line.  My shop will need a sub panel fed w/ 50 or more amps to insure no interruptions if the compressors, saws, lights, radio, etc. all start or are running at the same time.  Thanks for your furthered generosity and consideration, Steph
Congratulations, very good, I love this job.
Not Clown short - Love it!
Spot on with the pinkie and thumb anatomy measurements.  Now I learned two things watching this.
Thank You! I appreciate the basic info w/o tons of disclaimers, fear tactics and product plugs i.e. "Now install this conduit from homedepot and these special cases from Fancy Fashion McSchmantzy..." lol! Keep up the the positive succinct instruction. I subscribed. (y)
green screw = grounding the metal box
"Stupid garage", lol.  Great video series.  Thank you for your work.
Great video.  Thanks for posting.
Very easy to follow instructions.  Now how do I run conduit to the other side of my garage?  Also, how many outlets can you run around from that one power source?
Nice job :)
You know that I recommend installing the outlets with the ground prong up, Dominic.
Hi Great video  just a question as you mention the breaker is 20amp how mant outlets can be on it for a kitchen eg. refrigerator, microwave  and other small appliances  much thanks
Your great man. Teach good with a sense of humor. Ill be watching you this summer to learn outside of school. Thanks!
I agree with Bill - the 1st box NEEDs to be an extension box (will make the outlet exposed).  With that most people NEED to know that you are using EMT Conduit (known as thin wall) and not the Rigid Conduit.  We are prohibited from using Romex in Chicago - however if your area does allow Romex - you probably could make the tubing easier and use the electrical PVC or ENT tubing.  With the metal tubing shown (just as with electrical PVC (gray tube) or ENT(blue tubing and can be flexible) ) you'll need conduit connectors.   With this project I'd say that after adding the metal 1-gang handy box extender on that first outlet - punch out the side of the extension box (with that laundry mat coin) and attach the 1st piece of conduit with the 1/2" EMT connector. Since EMT is metal - it carries electricity and is that you would ground.  use a grounding clip or screw to ground the extension box.  That way if the hot wire get lose (or mice chews it) and the hot wire touches the metal EMT tube - it will pop the fuse - rather than energizing that entire run and possible killing anyone who touches the tub or box.   Make sure that the connector is screwed on tight to the extension box and that the screws are tight on the EMT.      I am not sure how the 1st metal box was mounted into the 1st 1-gang box - the holes don't line up.   In addition to this - other things to consider showing would be: 1.  how to ream out the EMT tubing after cutting the tube.  vise-grips can be used if needed - but a EMT pipe reamer would make it easier.  This will protect the wires from shredding. 2.  It looked like a 3/4" EMT was used (bigger than needed) - for just 2 wires - all is needed is 1/2" 3.  I said 2 wires because after attaching the ground to the EMT - and if the Tube is connected to all metal boxes - the system (EMT + metal junction boxes) are grounded (The EMT IS the grounding cable - a green cable can be used if wanted).  4.  Since the entire EMT run is grounded - I find that it is best to wrap the outlet electrical connection with electric tape before screwing them into the plates.
Great Video. For all you DIYs, Of course this is fine.  But as a Contractor, there are a couple of things that I would of added/done.  1) Yes, I agree the the other guys, use a 4s extender with a SI opening in the rear 2) I didn't see offsets in the conduit or Strapping. strapping needs to be 12" from box max, and every 10; max on the conduit runs. 3) Grounding. VERY IMPORTANT. I see the when you grounding the second box, your ground wire from the left (not the right) was mounted to the ground screw. This is not the input ground, and this is the one that should be mounted to the screw, that way if you need to changer or add a device, you don't have to remove the ground wire. Second, with metal conduit, you really don't need a ground wire. 4) Daisy chain connections at the receptacle are ok, but is programmatic if the outlet goes bad, then the ones down the line go bad. Pigtails are the way to go. yes, a bit more time, a bit more material, but if any of those 3 outlets goes bad, then the rest still work. 5) Make sure your load doesn't exceed the max amperage of your outlets (I like around 10 for 15A or 13 for 20A max)  This is all technical stuff.  For you DIYers, there if you get as far as the instructional video, is a great reference.
Great video! Can't wait to do it this weekend! I appreciate the info, you just earned yourself a subscriber! Thanks again man.
Good job explaining the whole process.
Very helpful video thank you I had a question I have a similar situation but I want to know how do you run power from a sub panel that's in the garage to a new 110 or 220 outlet instead of running power from an existing socket as you did in this video please help
Very helpful. Thank you for putting these videos together. I've bought some rental properties over the last few months and have been doing all the projects myself. You've helped me a ton with your videos. Keep up the great work. I'm sure I speak for everyone else that follows you in saying you have saved us all a TON of money!!! Thank you.
Although I enjoyed your video, you made a major code violation when you buried the initial connections behind the box. That's not allowed anywhere that I know of. You should have used an extender box, basically the same box without a back. This would have allowed you to make connections without hiding them behind a box. Also, there are limits to the amount of outlets that you can have on one circuit.
Hi Dom, Is the 20 Amp receptacle the same one you used in another video for a 220v 20a video in the past? If a person has a 220V 20A receptacle, what prevents someone from plugging in a 120V tool?
Nice video Dom....luv your humor. Keep up the good work.
Can I do the same thing to run a box outside my house, i am building an outdoor kitchen and I need to install a outdoor power source,thought i could steal power from an existing outlet outside and run outdoor romex in conduit to the new location on my kitchen
Thanks for sharing
and by code you are only limited to how many wires can you place inside that junction box
I highly recommend you make all splices inside of junction boxes doesn't matter if a commercial or residential application N.E.C Required I don't agree with the grounding obviously everything is supposed to be grounded but you're supposed to use a pigtailto the ground and screw any pigtail and another pigtail on the receptacle itself. Take it from an electrical mechanical technician
I just added three outlets to my garage. I never touched anything before dealing with electric but thanks to your video my project turned out great!! To bad I cant share pictures. Thanks for sharing a very detailed and informative video!!
I enjoyed your video but i have a few questions. 1 do you have to start your circut from an existing outlet or can i punch a new hole in my wall to the garage? (Unfinished basement, attached garage) 2 is it true that you shouldnt use romex inside of a pvc conduit but instead should use THHN or THWN wire? 3 finally is it essential to install a GFCI outlet on the first receptacle of the circut? Thank you
To all, after you shut of the breaker in the panel, double check at the outlet that the power is off with a meter. Many times a breaker may be labeled wrong and make sure to lock the panel out so someone else does not turn on the breaker while you’re working on the outlet. Be extra safe, a half of an amp could kill you.
You are so Italian lol 😍 but seriously.... I have a question-- bought my house with a finished basement but the laundry room/furnace/ hw heater is an unfinished corner of the original basement. The common wall between the two parts is finished on one side but unfinished on the other side. My problem is -- I want to finish that side with drywall but whoever the brainiac was who ran the electric and cable wires on that side just stapled them to the studs. What is the easiest way to fix this? i can't Sheetrock over stapled down wires.... Please...... Make a video about that problem my friend.... Thanks :-)
I'm loving these videos!
I love this guy! AWESOME ! I have a garage with ONE FREAKIN outlet !  ! (built in 1927 it's actually a carriage house), I'm adding outlets, lights and a 220 outlet. Keep teachin us stuff and thanks.
Great help.  Got a question.  My garage only has one light switch that goes to one bulb that is placed up close to the top of the wall.  This is all I have for light.  I want to hook up 2 LED light fixtures (they look like the old fluorescent fixtures).  I have loosened the porcelain light bulb fixture to expose a pancake box with the romex connections.  I was hoping to put in a box next to the fixture (the blue box kind that actually hugs the back of the drywall to secure). and cap off the pancake fixture.  The problem is this wall is shared with the garage and the house and is I think considered a "fire" wall if you will.  How would you consider wiring this up for an outlet for the LED fixtures?  By the way, GREAT VIDEO!  I love your style!
Awesome video!  Thanks!
Nice job, thanks.
Might be a good idea to ream the pipe
Thank you.
Many Thanks!!
thanks for the video. I was actually in the same boat as you.. 1 outlet in my 2 car garage. Im assuming by code you must add the gfi outlet at the start of the run? or is that so you dont have to keep running to the breaker?
not a bad video but wouldn't pass in Canada. all wires including ground must be under a compression connector. you cannot twist grounds and terminate one end, the ground from the power feed must hit the ground screw first. also you cannot use a 4" box over top a flush mount. as this hides the connections behind. you must use an extension ring.a;so you would need  a deep ring as the outlets reduce the depth.
So if the main gfi 20 amps and supplies the power to the other outlets. How many amps does each outlet hold in this case yours in the vid?
How can you determine if the power is coming out and going in?
I'm David in bham alabama, and i love watching your videos and they are real informative and you get right to the point when showing your projects. I'm a contractor as well and you never get tired of learning new things or old things for that matter and every time i watch them there is always something new to learn.
Dude, your energy is awesome. thanks for the easy step by step action, going to add more outlets to my garage now.
Wow, this video was pretty on point. I'm considering doing something similar except rather than mounting metal boxes, I will just cut into the wall and have everything flush to the wall. Probably a bit cheaper considering I don't need to buy all that extra metal lol. Keep up the good work, you always have great tutorials :)
Your videos are great!  Your humor is awesome!  You remind me of a friend I had that has passed on, your demeanor is spot on with his; his name was Dominick as well - crazy co-wink-o-dink.  Keep up the awesome work and thanks for the help/insight.  I'm upgrading a 110 to a to 220 outlet tomorrow (covered in a different video of yours)
I like the video really simple to understand but say instead of having exposed conduit. how do you get it under the dry wall with out knocking it down
Great video. Just like all your other ones
in a range hood, are the electrical terminals dangerous (black & red), does the ground wire protect if you touch a wired terminal
I love this guy!  Thanks for the video
All videos should be done like this...10 on 10
I LOVE THIS GUY ! :)
I can't believe it's not butter ;) great video man. I already have 1 GFI outlet in my garage so I can just run wires from that to new outlets once I install them?
Alright man!!! thanks for explaining it so well... I too, have only one outlet in the garage and I hate the fact that I have to use one extension and got to plug and unplug some of my tools, really sucks... Not anymore, cause "I got power baby"
Great video and very informative - always love to watch 'em!
Thanks Dom!  This is my next project.  No more extension cords.
Great video!!! In Belgium you could and should have your own tvshow. Keep up the good work! Greetings from Belgium
Great video!!! In Belgium you could and should have your own tvshow. Keep up the good work! Greetings from Belgium
Is this still the forclosure you bought? \
Dominic, I am an electronics engineer, submarine engineer, turned software developer.  My dad gave me his power tools and I have 15 amp service on a GFI in my garage. You're videos are a great help.  I think this is what I'm going to do and I'm going to run it by our local inspector:  1. See if I can support the addition of a 60 amp double pole breaker. 2. Run #2, hots, neutral, and ground wire to a sub-panel.  I'll separate the neutral from the ground buss. 3. Add two 15 amps and one 30 amp circuits.  The 30 amp will be for my table saw or I could just add two 30 amp circuits (outlets like these metal ones).  The saw and my compressor can only be run with nothing else running and the 15 amp breaker is getting tripped.  4. The sub-panel I don't think requires a real ground.  I think the ground I send from the house panel (#2gauge) will be okay.  The garage is attached.  And, if I understand correctly, the neutral split from the ground on the subpanel means one side of the panel supporting breakers is 120 and the other side takes breakers as well at 120.  I wouldn't be using 240 anywhere out there. And, I would add a GFI because we're subject to moisture.  So, 60 amp service on #2 wire to subpanel, isolate the neutral, and GFI(s) off of the subpanel circuits to the tool receptacles. I have lights and a refrigerator on the existing GFI and 15 amp service.  Would you leave that in?  And, just use the metal box circuits for the shop tools only?
Dominic, great video as always. I was just wondering, for your EMT , why didn't you bend your, offsets, and strap it ?
Always good stuff. I like that you brought to the attention to use 20 amp receptacles when using 20 amp breakers & 12 gauge wire. Many people forget to match the receptacle when they run a 20 amp breaker.
Instead of the 4s box you should use an extension ring
can u do a video on how to install a security light on the outside of your garage
ok....so you are adding an extra ground (copper) wire to each box after the GFCI outlet making 3 copper ground wires in each box?  The idea is that you are grounding each box as well even though you have a ground wire on the outlet itself?
Entertaining yet educational as usual.  lol
I did almost the same thing.  I had an electrician put in a few outlets and then I realized I wanted more access to the outlets so I bought a strip and now my bench is off when I turn off the switch.  I like how you did it without busting the drywall.
Love this channel.  Practical stuff with a funny guy.
Great video!
