Great work, love your windmill picture.
Would using the 6x4.5 negative carrier also give you the full rebate? Is 6x6 necessary?
That's awesome that you have the dark room bright enough for us to actually see the process! Cheers!
What F-stop on the enlarger is he using?
Great video. Just started playing with filters. Can I ask what cover you use for your enlarger? I have the same enlarger and want something to protect it.  Cheers
Why does "the 5 filter works on the black and leaves the whites alone"? Can anyone explain that?
Great movie!  Thank You! How did You achieve the black deformed frame on the first picture with windmill? :) Thanks a lot!
thanks for you videos I've Learned a Lot with you oneS Month ago I've bought the same enlarger, thanks so much Boss.
great video..by the way what brand of paper do you use?
Super.Thanks for sharing
I can underline every word from zzmoore! Thank you so much for this video. Regrads from Hamburg
Great as always! Enjoyed seeing how the contrast filters work which is why I watched to start with. The cool sprocket printing idea was an added bonus. I rather like that look.
Okay, I understand long exposures on water (sea, rivers, lakes) but taking long exposures on the sky always leaves me wondering why not just take the shot during an overcast day. Always seems like a lot of effort for the same result. Same goes for digital. I can rarely see the landscape because I can't see past the 'technique' of the photographer.
I actually like the first print.  Just wondering what specific paper your using there?  Make/type?  Variable contrast?
very good videos mate, im an older guy  ( 48) just staring off in film, tonight I just picked up an older 1970 Meopta Axomat ll Photographic Enlarger , bit old but somewhere to start,  i use a canon A1 mostly, and i use Cinestill DF96 developer .. my first time developing anything and.. it worked  no problems. I think digital is great .. but all too easy to take 100 plus bad  photographs .. shooting film really slows everything down.. in a good way.. time to think about composition, subject light etc etc.. TBH since buying my  film camera i haven't touched my digital equipment
I'm still looking for affordable (for me :P) 6x7 enlarger, so I can print my shots from Sprocket Rocket/XPan/MamiPan - thanks for reminding sprockets :D https://www.instagram.com/p/BcM_yAwnDn_/
Hi, nice but all tests are made with RC paper ot Baryt paper ? Best regards from France !
Reb... what? The edge of the film? That part with the info on it? How do you write that?  Anyway, back in the day, my enlarger was the czech Axomat, which worked exclusively with Leica sized films. So, in order to achieve the same effect, I've manually reduced the inner size of a negativ holder by grinding it with a file...
Nice vid and thanks for the link to aloha_bigmike instagram... Running 35mm through a medium format camera, cool!
Great instructional work engagingly presented...much appreciated
Another great vid mate 👍
I have to get an enlarger.... Thanks for the video!
I've always considered Delta 100 as a really tough film to print in the darkroom. That's why i'm all HP5 or FP4.
35mm sprocket printing in a 6x6 carrier, awesome :)
Have you tried the Ilford 300 multigrade art paper? I believe it is a paper Ilford and Hahenemule put out. I just bought a box but have yet to try it.
Nice work on the windmill. The 35mm in the 6x6 carrier works really well! I'll have to try it sometime... Yes, you are a bad influence on me... I've bought myself a 35mm & 6x6 enlarger off of eBay! I won't be able to put up a darkshed, but am on my way to getting a setup for occasional bathroom darkroom sessions!
Yayyy.... Been lookin forward to this :-) Sprocket photography is awesome :-) I have a 35mm roll loaded into my Hassy waiting for week 4 of my camera challenge :-)
Alternatively you could try precisely cutting out the windmill from a failed print, and use that as a dodging mask. If done right it will exactly dodge your subject without the risk of a halo
nice print rodger nailed it with the contrast filters
Thanks for the great video, always a pleasure to have an alert of your next video pop up in my feed.
Great vid again. I noticed you're using Ilford's above the lens filters *below* the lens. Is there a reason for that? Do you notice any effect on image quality?
That was awesome! Nice print, loved the print with the sprocket, film information on it. That’s a great idea.
Wow, that’s both very interesting, but also brought back great memories from my first darkroom adventures in the late ‘70’s!
Nice to see you back!
Yeeees! New video, thank you very much.
