All the unemployed anime community ppl coming here after watching dr stone , smiling after reading the comments and leaving without watching the recipe
This channel is built like HowToBasic, but when you click the videos you see that it's a 100% honest and real channel
Instructions Unclear, I Made The Powerpuff Girls.
1:21   Lemonade:
And Coca-Cola didn't pay the dude a single dime for this endorsement.
Respect.
Needed this.
FYI: The term k----r lime is considered outdated and offensive; I would suggest using makrut lime instead.
Yo.. did t the oh flavor have drugs 💀💀💀
So it doesn't have coca leaves in it?
You should try this with a Ginger Bug next!
Wrong coke
Can I use Honey as a substitute for Sugar, and if so how much?
Mission failed: It turned into poison and you died.
Does this work with stevia
i dont even like coke lol
Ang mekus na ito ay gumagawa ng alvyn at ang mikro chypmunkz
*❤❤❤*
You did not show how you used the juice you extracted from 7 things in coconut oil
You did not show how you used the juice you extracted from 7 things in coconut oil   how did you use that juice
how dıd you straın out the coconut oıl?
It’d be good to specify the type of alcohol you’re using… someone might end up using rubbing alcohol
Bra you fucked up the whole thing!
Thats all wrong
Essential oils isn't the only thing the original recipe called for.
there's coriander in coke???
This feels like a chemist take on making a soda. As a chef I break it down to 3 parts. Soda water + Simple Syrup + Flavoring = X Soda.
Where the cocaine leaves
1:16 I recently made the same realisation. Such a mindf-k when you realise after all these years that we've all come to believe the original "cola" taste originated from a nut..
Now make it with the funny white powder
9M views for a video of how to make some shitty corporate brown soda
dude no wonder why love cola, its because i love lemons and sour flavors :D
Can you do the original recipe? The one that gave Coca Cola its name?
I've been thinking how much effect on the flavor does each individual ingredient and its amount have. I'd guess the caramel does the heavy lifting here and is crucial, but what about the rest? What if I completely skip the nutmeg? What if I use much more orange than lemon (or more/less aromatic citrus)? Etc. etc. It would be an interesting experiment to see what is the core of the recipe, the minimal amount of ingredients which can still be used to make similar tasting syrup.
Can you share the essential oils that was used?
Maybe... just maybe some drops of vanilla and chamomile tea 🤔 a bit of coffee
Someone turn this into bloxy cola
I love you
now we know where did Senku got the coca cola recipe
Is this similar to fever tree cola? I love that
Ellen Drive
i’m doing this to boycott cola so im making my own ❤
Simple and straight to the point. No fluff. Short and sweet. That's quality content.
Wow !
All nutural flavors, so why still cola is not healthy
Waste of time, just buy $1-$2 for coke
These days most store bought sodas are sweetened with corn syrup. You can find soda with sugar in most major supermarkets, it's generally in the Hispanic foods section.
Neroli can be substituted with orange blossom water and no vanilla? No vanilla paste?
Oh, shit. I misread the title. Good fine though.
wheres khaby lame response?
godz.... coca cola is NOT BLACK.  oh man... besides, why would you ruin a great drink by adding food coloring?  At least add a dark dark brown (red with some green make brown or add some red to that black or better add black to the red first till you get a dark red then throw a hint of yellow in there).  And I didn't see anything about how you added carbonation.  Where is that part??
600 g of sugar???   that's 10X what a can of coke has.   That's a load of work also to make one cola.  I'll just pay the 50 cents!
Here because of Nara Smith
You forgot to add the cocaine
Bro 💀💀💀💀
We can just go and get cola at market😂
Lemon abuse is a real problem. Stop Abusing Lemons.
Bro i thought you were going to make the other kind of cola the old one
Dear Flava lab, I remember a SOBE Essentials,  Jing, Ki, Shen, that's the SOBE secrets of the Universe I want to know.
Me: Oh nice, a video on how to make your own Cola. I can finally have a healthy one without that poison they call Citric Acid.  Video: [...] next we need 3.5 grams of Citric Acid...  😐
can this be fermented with a ginger bug or water kefir until the sugar is gone?
Awww i wish you didnt put coloring :(
How does it has gas mixed in?😐🤨
Also if you want it dark put lil bit of kitchen bouquet
Dude youre wasting time with the coconut oil just boil the shit
I'm going to try this
You forgot the vanilla!
If sugar and caramel have such an important role in the recipe, I wonder how they make "diet" coke which is not supposed to have sugar.
That's cool and all but where's the coke??
👉😔👈
so how’d they do crystal bepsi??
What about the carbonation?
Vanilla extract has alcohol in it fun fact
You forgot the OG ingredient. What started it all
Not the video i wanted but needed
I think there is also vanilla and some cardamom in there
No Kola nut?
4:22 Hey, it looks like the Moon 🌕
Bro forgot the most important ingredient
Make it brown not black
can you use olive oil or sunflower oil
Leave the acid out that's even better no acid in it
Coca cola closely guards its recipe. It's not likely that you're going to get something that tastes just like it. But it's fun too try. I will say that I have tried off-brand colas that missed the mark. I remember a friend describing one such no frills fiasco as tasting like "Robitussin that's too old to work".
Friend: That was alot of fun to watch, but (don't be offended) is it worth it? I mean, if all you end up with (After All That) is a "COKE", then, isn't it easier to just go buy a Coke? And, I can't believe that (all that involvement and all those ingredients... Is Cheaper? But Thanks for a fascinating distraction. Good 😊 day and good luck! 2:02
How's this cola if there's no cola in it?
wtf? you don't use carbonated/sparkling water? wtf is this then?
Add italian herbs please.
I heard that tamarind is also an ingredient
Is there a sweet-free version? Considering how important sugar is in stabilizing through such processes as caramelization. Lemon already has a tang that helps with the taste.
Everything is ok except the coconut oil 😵‍💫
very awesome!!1!1!1!1!
I miss the part where the first ingredients mix with the caramel water. When is it?
Electronic fragrance and electronic flavor may be best for refrigerator research
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Romans 10:9 KJV
To me, one of the most distinctive tastes of Coca Cola is the phosphoric acid. It separates it from most other sodas (besides cheerwine which tastes remarkably similar because it too contains phosphoric acid)
'Pls give me coke'
Alternate title How to make the best headache tonic
when did he carbonise it
Great method. I personally don't use the essential oil method. I just dump the fresh 7x ingredients into the caramel + water, simmer for 20 min and strain with cheese cloth. I like to add some freshly grated ginger too for a bit of a bite and a tiny drop of vanilla essence. Works like a charm !
Wait, but you missed the actual coke...
1:15 Cola isn't Cola without Cola nut. That's why the popular brands of Cola are all crap. Actually they taste just like carbonated sugar water with a tiny hint of citrus.
❤❤❤❤
ah yeag nothing quite as refreshing as the taste of carmel covered pennies and rust
Bros on the fbi list
Lol
No cola  is kola  flavor.
How to make Coca Cola except at each step in the process you say “I don’t want to spend the time or money to get the correct things despite having millions of subscribers so I’ll do it in my own devised way that definitely doesn’t work nearly as well.”
I can see now why Mexican people have diabetes.
Molasse would of given it that signature brown color.
Never realised there was no Kola nut in there
Just buy the drink at the shops outside bro
Just buy Coke cola bro
Tf is the background sound
How to make cola  Me : simple, just add some bath soap , carbonated water ,sugar and black food coloring I swear to God it literally taste like sugary soap 😂😂
Din va roog ma ru simbu
"how to make coke"  "well- it's not coke, but-..."
No Kola Nut or Pinion nut? lol.....
wow great
no cocaine:(
forgot the coke part tho
I’m calling Coca Cola! They want their recipe back!
cocain
You need cola tho
Essentially Essential
Rumor has it, it's made with 50% pee, 20% poop and 55g of sugar
I will not drink that mixture
I have a bar in Portugal, Castro Marim. I select "natural" and local products. We have a local beer, local alcool from arbustus... very strong, and I dont want bottles and cans of sprite and colas. I want to make my own cola and have a good filter for the municipal water and a machine that make soda from it. It save storage space, large quantities of bottles and cans and I dont pay this enormous multinational that gives nothing special beverage that all can do at home. But I am not against CocaCola, just I think its nothing special and anyone can do similares sodas. Thanks for your tries, I will inform you later on my essays.
I would go mad scientist mode and use sprite and not just simple soda water. Muhahaha
you missed one thing, where is the cocaine?
Hint: The secret ingredient is cocaine
Yes, this is why rum & coke go so well together.
Thumbnail bait. Its cola but not even close to coca cola
U forgot the cocaine..
difference between this coke and normal coke is that normal coke has 60+ different sketchy ingredients.
Oh shit I thought you meant the powder version
You forgot to buy coca leaves from pharma companies and use that to flavor
this is rubbish nonsense, there is no way that coca cola uses natural ingredients in anyway, the original recipe had proper coke in it which has changed into just adding sugar and god knows what but it's certain that none of the ingredients are not natural in anyway, what is this?
coca cola wants to know your location after this one dropped 😂😂
4:34 Tip: Its easier to add water to caramel made with wet sugar. And preheating the water that you are going to add also helps a ton. You can use the microwave for that.
YEH why would anyone want to make such an unhealthy diabetes causing ADDICTIVE fizzy tooth rotting soft drink, COKE are the largest producer of the coca leaf to add to their cocaine drink nobody else is allowed to IMPORT COCA LEAFS but coke
and here I thought Cola was made from the Cola nut.
“In my days there used to be a special recipe powder.” - 👴🏻
Sugar! Spice! Everything-  DEA! You're  under arrest!
Or you can buy it for 1$ and save your time 😉
A pound and a half of sugar! no wonder we're all fucked
you forgot the cocaine
Lol this is sooo fake 😂
i came here because of Dr stone
oh shit richter overtime
600grams of sugar? That sounds healthy....lol
"how to make Coca Cola"  "it didn't taste quite the same as Coke"  ??????????????????????????
One lime = 500ml of juice.  Uh.  Not on this planet.  😅 I'm guessing that's supposed to be 50ml.
Clickbait. Coca cola does NOT contain Citric Acid. Pepsi does. What a clown!
dont forget the cocai-
Recipe For Making a Cola,  STEP 1: Get the beer...    2:40
Is this a version which isn't designed to kill?
Ew I hate coca cola
Just so I don’t have to drink “corn syrup”. Can I use honey instead of sugar?
500ml of lime juice out of one lime??
Yo
You forgot the coke
**Got youtube channel with millions of views**  "Let's not spend 40$ and take short cuts so the viewer doesn't get the knowledge they need, and to make it much harder on myself and waste a lot more time than I need to"  Kind of a dipshit no?
Orange peel?
You lost me at the very moment you said alcohol..
why are you gay?
So why no coca leaves?
Can i use cocaine instead of alcohol?
how is it coke without coca leaves?
Oh
he forgot an ingredient
The big change to make is phosphoric acid over citric
If the Coca Cola Company ever sees this, they will sue the crap out of you. They did it to an old boss of mine.
wow amazing natural coca cola i also added coca leaves instead of caffeine and it was fire🔥
Using a kitchen scale with +/- 1 gram error margin is definitely the way to go for this recipe...
no kola nuts?
I want to save money by making my own Coca Cola! **proceeds to spend $100 to make a $2 bottle of soda**
No thanks. I WILL BETTER BUY A COKE BOTTLE.
Hunter: “Dad can we get some coke?” Joe: “No we have coke at home” Coke at home:
Just fill 1 glass with sugar add water. Simple
But I never noticed those ingredients on a Coke like citrus.  Pepsi does have a tangy taste.
toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fast
Amazing
No joke these oils can cost you 10k. They’re expeennnnsive & often sold in bulk because they don’t typically sell to individuals so it can cost a fortune.
What we know as Coke today is a different flavor than the original Coke. This recipe is more than likely for the original Coke. Coke also tastes different depending on which country you are in due to the water they put in it. I myself am Australian and Coke here is sort of a combination of bitter and sweet but Coke that comes from India is very salty and almost like drinking sea water. I believe that Coke in the US taste different than the Coke that we have here in Australia and than it's different from what they have in the UK so whilst you might think this taste different to what you are used to, someone in another country may not be able to tell the difference!
bro who just puts 2 ice cubes in a glass and calls it a day
coacola is not black .Its ver very dark redish brown
Don't forget to add COCAlNE
i've sometimes noticed a cola like taste from mince pies/xmas fruit cake.
Where's the coco leaves?
now show me how to make coke
Jesus Christ is Lord & He's coming soon *❤ 🙏🏽
Or just buy a bottle of coca cola
RIP to those who think it's real
Use the next time colanut, coca and soda water.
Coca cola use phosphoric acid, not citric acid.  Don't ask me how I know this, but i do.
I had no idea that cola has an emulsifier 😳
How to make coca colo: *extra sweet Coca Cola syrup*
I don't like coriander but i do like coca cola
While it’s known the basic ingredients that make up Coca Cola, the OG recipe is actually still a secret only very few workers at production plants know about. Apparently Pepsi is the closest to getting it correct, but they are still missing “2” crucial ingredients before it becomes Coca Cola.
I aint doin allat
Pepsi is better.
Instructions unclear.  Shat into a cup and turned it into a liquid. 7/10.
pepsicola is calling you
Cocaine
where is the happy sugar??
this looks ten billion percent better than i thought
So what did you do with your emulsified mixture? Did you just add it to the syrup or was there further processing?
where's the cocaine
you finna die bruh
2 Tablespoons cocaine. Can be found in the candy aisle of your local walmart.
you forgot the cocaine
Unleashed food stamps hot and hot food 🥑💯🥝🥑💯🥝🥑 love yes voted for person people in USA all people If vet work with dogs and hot dogs and butter food 🥑🥑 and castor cancer and with ❤😂🎉😢😮😅😊😊😊😮😢🎉😂❤❤🎉😮😅😊😊😊😅😮🎉😂😂❤
you forgot the cola
My question is, who tf decided "oh I'm gonna mix all these ingredients together and make a multi million dollar company"
But Coca-Cola is brown
Dude, the recipe for Coca-Cola would kill you if you had the straight up flavouring, and usually they make this stuff in large quantities, in large vats to bottle later
I like how i’m watching this knowing fully that I would never make coke at home
what lime has 500mls of juice in it
where's the coke?
Guess I will buy one from the store
Bro just make a sugar free coka that doesnt kill our health or make us bloat. You will become stupidly rich.
You forgot the cocaine.
So it’s vegan drink?
coke cola wants to know your exact location to “teach” you how to make this coke cola even better!
*Cocaine Where?*
DAAAM the sugar
Approved. Well done. Can you replicate or make other refreshments this fun?
Forgott alot ingridients - Also you forget the scret part - the crushed rats
so i was drinking all of this then
where is cocaine?
might want to watch yourself saying the name of those lime leaves.... a horrible racial slur in South Africa
You're missing the primary flavor from which drink gets its name from, Coca leaves. (Yes, Coke and a number of other "colas" still use decocainized coca leaf as a primary flavor)
3:50 "600g of sugar"  "Mom can we get some diabetes?" "Sure Hon just wait for 10 mins"
Never ever fucking ever stir caramel
I worked the recipe out exactly from household ingredients, you're not even close.
Where the hell am I gonna acquire water from?
The music gives me Goosebumps
I was thinking abt the flavour of cola last night…. Youtube is listening on me
All this for 50 seconds of happiness.
im having problemas with the emulsifing of the coconut oil, i mixed with vodka and doesnt work
So basically through this video you wanna say "Buy one from the store".
2:16 How did you strain off the coconut oil? Wasn't it mixed with the cola-flavored oil? EDIT: Never mind, it's a misunderstanding due to wording. To answer the other comments asking this as well: when he says he's "straining off the coconut oil and he's left with a cola-flavored oil", he's just calling the cola-oil "coconut oil". The cola-oil is just the coconut oil infused with all the ingredients, you don't separate it from any other kind of oil.
Nah Im better watch How To Basic.
Nobody: Me: How To Basic teach him how to make a coke.
Ty for no alcohol
to be honest.this taste like the original cola but from mega 800. not from coca cola
wait wait is that Childe speaking????
its not  coca cola without cocai-
cover your ingredients in oil
wait don’t u need cocai-
Something doesnt seem right, i believe your missing one more ingredient 🌱🌱🌿
You might need to add caffeine in to get the same flavour
You said you’re going to replicate the original recipe but you forgot the cocaine my guy
Cola is a citrus drink with cocaine mixed in
People hating on unhealty yt recommendations. I mean, if you have self-control yall dont have to be so woke
Coca cola
bro broke into the coke vault
You forgot the most important ingredient
3:53 how is 500ml a one lime 😀
You forgot the Coca leaf and Kola nut.
Imagine if we show this recipe to Indian moms
You cant really make coca cola.. its taste is undescribable and the recepie is super duper secret.
Coca-Cola is vanilla based, Pepsi is lemon based.  Generic cola usually tastes lemony.
This seems very time consuming
Cola indeed uses a lot of sugar but those sugar dont go into just one can / one serve. This video shows that only 10% of the serving is cola syrup, the rest just soda water. Maybe Cola is not that bad after all 🤔😂
rather buy a family sized cola tbh
Where is the essential element that is the Cola fruit flavor and the co2 gaz stream also the phosphoric acid ????!!!! This video doesn't deserves even its megabytes waisted on watching !
This probably tastes like Mexican Coca Cola which is made with sugar, while American Coca Cola is made with Corn Syrup. That's probably why it won't taste as the Coca Cola most Americans are accustomed to.
Wow that's cool
Disrupting the food industry, one beverage at the time!
500ml (2 cups) of lime juice from one lime?
Or just go to the store and buy it you lazy basta-
Cola without Kola nut?
Coca-cola is one of the few exact recipes you can't legally make in the US without FDA approval, it uses coca decocainized leaf extract.
Where is cocaine nibba
A coca-Cola bubble look to white coca-Cola bubble our Brown
i think you missed one ingredient                         Cocanie
Just so you are all aware this taste nothing like Coca Cola. Honestly not even close. It wasn’t a bad drink though. Just nothing like Coca Cola.
No Coca leaf?
Thanks a lot mate
use senkus recipe
Does it have the 11 herbs and spices.  Did you forget the cocaine.
I recommend using caramel coloring
Looks pretty good, now add cocaine to it
Coca cola will clean a toilet like nobodys business and people drink it like water.
Original Recipe: just add cocaine!
What a fucking dumb video. Simple as that
kaffir line leaves? where would you get these?
And Now We Add The Cocain-
You forgot the cocaine
COLA!!!!!!!!!!!
If I were to make this, I'm just gonna leave out the 600g of sugar lol
Wait....we're drinking lemon skin?        OOOH WHATEVER.  Atleast there's no chunks during the production
Hey - the 't' in pestle is silent!
"Yes, welcome to my convenience store"
Coca-Cola organisation wants to know your location.
Ok great. Where do I get the soda water???🤔🧐Anyway amazing video! Turns out cola is just a lemonade with a soda 😈
Where’s the cocaine? Down vote
Very interesting. But why the coconut oil? Does it have any flavor?
Do not use essential oils there much more concentrated them they used to be and are now toxic
Caramel is used to give Coke its colour (and some flavour).
You didn't use any cola nut, which is the namesake flavoring.
Now do the recipe from 1903
you spend many money just buy a real coke
Honestly it’s too much complicated I can just spend a few dollars to buy the actual thing
Where did you get the original recipee?
Would it be possible to skip the oil and use alcohol as the flavor carrier? I know that's how a lot of extracts are made, does it work here or is the oil absolutely necessary to extract the compounds?
This clearly isn’t anything like coca cola, otherwise you’d be sued out of your mind and this video would be long gone
But where goes the cocaine?
I think we all know what ingredient you're missing to make legit.
Yeah, no wonder people buy it
Why most of the comments on this video are so cringe?
I decided just to get a coke in the store.
Gets a soda stream
Why did i think coke was made from coca leaves or something
Ty
Why to spend less than a dollar for a bottle of soda when you can spend more than 10 dollars  for ingredients to make a glass of soda? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wait a minute… this isn’t what I searched for
cia is looking for you...
i wanted to make coke (cocaine) not coca cola mann
No idea why I'm here and watching this....
This was not the coke i wanted to cook
Just wanted to see wtf coke even is
I searched how to make coke, not the soda 🙄
No No I mean how to make coke not something else 😅
hey I have a crazy idea, how about original green monster energy flavor? that stuff is an enigma
Imagine inventing this drink and trying to explain to the customers what they’re buying😂
Sugar spice and everything nice these were the right ingredients to make the perfect soda.
"Only 2 people know the recipe of Coca Cola" Flavor Lab: *hold my coke*
My friend wants to taste this. Thank you video, blessings, multumesc.
I think you're also missing cola nut extract.
give the world a video about zero sugar self made cola concentrate and you become a global hero
After watching this, I am gonna go to my nearby supermarket and buy coke
this guy is mf senku
cokey cola
Steve Cola would like to speak with you.
This is like a Pemberton coca cola. The first coca cola.
So basically I'm just consuming sugar. My diabetes hurts*
All the people who watched Dr. Stone. 👇
How to make cola: Go to the store, buy it. Stop acting like your albert einstein.
Why does this guy sound like matpat if he had a husband
Bro just rob coca cola recipe?
So if you want ramen that stays consistent no matter how much you serve and replace the container, you emulsify the oils with alcohol. Nice.
Neroli is made from the *blossom* of the Seville orange tree, not the *peel* - Kaffir lime leaves are not a good substitute.
the 2nd main secreat is in the soda water... the pressure in which the water is carbonated
Kindly if you can make ice cream soda essance .cant find anywhere
you get that nice brown color by adding black food coloring
step 1. buy coca cola
Stop wasting bro
wheres the carbonation?
very informative! thanks! going to try this later.
dont care too lazy i will accidentally make pepsi not cola so i dont care
I was excited until I realized its not the original recipe :(
you didnt even add cocaine like the original recipe. the fuck is wrong with you. terrible recipe.
Cliff notes: you can't.
try adding a bit of grape, I noticed it gets surprisingly close to Coca Cola.
why the music so unsettling
If you use brown sugar you won't need the colouring 👍
Where is phosphoric acid?
this is all wrong all you need is to add liquid black to some water
This'll be useful when everyone turns to stone.
I made this it was same as cola but the sugar was less i will recommend u to add a bit more sugar.. But honestly i loved it 🙃
Hi if ur a 7th grader forced to watch this
How can you call it "Coca Cola" if there's no Kola nut extract in your recipe?
You can now ferment your Syrup and make homemade SoCo.
Me who thought cola was just carbonated water with caramel :
yyy
need to add  salt...lots of  salt..
Ok
How does he not get caught by the fbi
Good video. Anyone like some fruit and ice with your sugar drink,
you have known cokes secret ingredients
Legends like me: watching how to cook while drinking cola....
What does it taste like without all that sugar?
When do we add the actual *"COKE".*
how to make coca cola is dr. peper and pepsi
I’m here to know where to get coke and cola
Yeah, I didn't expect you to say "it tastes just like original coke", because this isn't the original recipe and used alternatives. Looks like coke though.
it probably didnt taste like coke because they add coca leaves for flavor even to this day
coca cola shop : *out of stock* the video : coca cola employee now : NO MORE OUT OF STOCK!!!!!!
So this is why Mexicans like coke so muchhh.. all that lime👁👁
How would you add caffeine if you wanted too? Crushed up caffeine pills?
I'm literally addicted to coca cola (dentist  will probably get a lot of money when acid has killed teeth) and I have never thought Cola to taste anything like orange or anything like that... I ques this is why Nazis made Fanta
Alcohol? What the fuck?
Wait I thought the recipe was top secret and only a few people know
Coke also contains phosphoric acid which could explain why it tastes different.
Wheres the cocaine?
You forgot coffee
DO NOT USE COCONUT OIL it is very bad for this because it oxidizes really quickly which is bad 4 ur health
Where can I buy KOLA NUTS ?  Cola wouldn't be True Cola without Kola nut extract.
I’m drinking coke right nowً
I’m growing coca leaves in a secret location I’m gonna try this.
Tasted like shit
Looks at video --> Shakes head left to right Goes to dollar store --> Buys Cola for $1.00
Not close without oils and coca leaves processed into ecgoaine
Doctors use coca cola in a tube for patients with intestinal blockage.
Coke would have this video taken down by brute force and have your ass whooped if it was anything close to their tar-tasting piss.
The way I heard it, Coca-Cola was originally shipped as a DIY kit containing sugar, baking soda, boot polish for color, and a shoe box of pure Columbian cocaine. An accompanying note simply read, "Just add water and go nuts, Chester!"  I made that story up. Now, let's see how long it takes before it catches on and has to be debunked on Snopes! 😸
searched this up, now the fbi are outside
I had how to basic ptsd
Ive heard that one original recipe contains kola nut, lime, damiana and coca. Pretty psychoactive.
1:01 You forgot the 4 grams of ❄️⚖️⚗️!😁😃😉
Is it good? Try it 😄
Fuiyoh! Mortar and Pestle
this makes coke look healthy
This isn't what I meant when I looked up "how to make coke".
Interesting way to make Coca Cola.
I Am Drinking Coke While Watching This Lmao
4:34 breaking bad
Why i have to make cola when i can buy it easily, silly idea
I tried this. I wouldn’t recommend the oil because it will separate out due to the heat. Also the coconut flavour is quite apparent.
wot no caffiene? doh!
Please tell me where to get limes that have 500 ml of juice in them!
Senku cola better if ykyk🤣🤣
Alternative to this - Get a 0.20 Coke
when did he added that flavoured oil?
Isse accha ja ke store sae lae lo
Huh, didn't work for me. It seems that the oil hasn't dissolved and I've always had this oily top forming after some time even after shaking. Dunno why, I used 40% alcohol, maybe I should've found something with more %
There is the secret formula
I like almond flavor. Almond flavored soda is good. I'm pretty sure that's the secret flavor in Dr Pepper.
Пришла идея для бизнеса в России
I only caramelize some cane sugar with a little cinnamon then used polar orange crème soda water for fizz and it tasted just like cola sans the caffeine..but Next time I will add some black coffee to add caffeine and make the color darker. To think I had been having to buy Mexico glass bottled coke because it has cane sugar instead of the U.S. corn syrup cola..Mexico cola which is almost $6 a 4 pack and really difficult to find. I made organic GMO free Coca Cola.😃
2:51 thanks for understanding
2022: 962
We have the same cup🥰
Hi5 First vid I've found. Looks Promising. Gotta say - excellent clear well done video. Thanx Man. :-)
great defo making this
Thank you, I'm definitely going to play with it til it's what my person will love. Also, how do I add caffeine? Personally, I don't tolerate caffeine but my person would need it. Thank you SOOO much!
Yo my girfried saud this awesomr !!
Oh my god your the best superman  guy in the world you are smart and geinious
Dr stone
Face reavel
egg yolk is a great emulsifier as well, just add a tablespoon or so
Friendly reminder to remove your search history. How to make coke at home will probably put you on a watchlist.
I only count 6 ingredients in the "7x flavouring"
Has any one ever tried to make this and does this actually taste like coca cola??
very odd, at fist with the ingredients it looks healthy lol.
Don’t forget the lead.
i can make this cola becAUSE All plants of this mixture is planted in my home from india kerala
Do you have the recipe if I am interested in the 40 euro essential oil version?  I was hoping this would have the phosphoric acid in it.
Do you have to Dry the leaves & pound them in a Mortal & Pestol First - OR - Soaked them in the Coconut Oil First, Then pound them with a mortal & pestol & than you heat them in the pot?
Opening
Where are the coca leaves?
..I've always known essential oils to be used for massaging and taking down burns on the skin etc...are we thinking of the same thing - ?? I feel like getting an orange essential oil and putting it in a drink as flavouring isn't it's purpose and would taste weird...I thought essential oils were always more for scents, not flavouring or actually ingesting it.
Man just made dalgona and acted like it was nothing
This was so interesting
now i can make offbrand coca cola :D
That black colouring feels wrong ugh
it's over 500
Coco cola s recipe is secret
I've always asked for a lemon, orange, or lime slice when ordering a pepsi or a coke in a dine in place. I know its not exactly sanitary but its so good! Now I know why I like it so much lol
Sorry, but how on earth is one lime enough for 500ml of lime juice? Did you mean 50ml?
This guy is literally poisoning himself and excited about it.
*Makes moonshine*  *FBI Knock, knock, knock*
Bermacol instead of gum Arabic
Puppy love
great video thank you kindly
you're missing cocaine
€$928﷼
Why spending all that money whe. You can just buy a can of coke for 0.25¢
'Original recipe'
Mine was super oily idk why, i used the exact amount he said plus it looked similar to his at the stage where he was infusing the oil, but when i drink my final product my lips get all oily.
the coke assassins are after him
You skipped the number one ingredient...Coca leaves. Which also make cocaine.
What other types of oil can I use to extract the 7x flavour , can I do it with sunflower oil or will that change the taste too much ? How about pomace olive oil ?
Le all world only 2 people gave recipe of coca cola   *Le* Me He Is The One
now add some "coke" to make it sound relevant 😈
5.4K dislikes. Hmmm, here's a dude showing how he makes cola, a perfectly wholesome and innocent video and over five thousands assholes take offence??? No wonder YouTube is disabling the thumb down counter.
Then you add a dash of uranium and sell it to Fallout fans.
step one: grow a plant
Is it real cola without any Kola (Cola) in it? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kola_nut  Now I realize that as of 2016, Coca Cola no longer has any Kola nut extract in it, but from 1886 until 2016, a span of 130 years, it did. And Coca Cola is essentially THE cola.  Notice that when you go into a bar you never hear anyone asking for a Jack and Pepsi or a Jack and RC or even a Jack and Big Shot. It is always Jack and Coke (Coca Cola). It is the first and it is the one people think of when you say cola, and historically it has had Kola in it for almost its entire history.
Didn't know that the coke flavor came from citrus and spices
Not gonna lie… kinda want a Cola now
It would be nice if the video was split into two parts: How to make coca? and How to make cola?
anyone else get this recommended after cody and kurtis' video ?????
how to make meth
seriously put the coke it's will be the same
the reason it does not taste same like coke because u missed some cocaine leaves when u were doing syrup
mukrut* lime you racist chemist ( ꒪Д꒪)ノ ka★★ir means n★★★★★ in south Africa (≖д≖)
Half way through I thought this was code for 'how to make cocaine' rather then cola
coca cola espuma
cola and coca cola are different.
I got a Pepsi ad lol
I know you probably did this by accident, but kaffir is a pretty hardcore racial slur in South Africa, that's pretty similar to the American n-word. A better term for this lime variety is Makrut lime :)
His voice sounds so much like Childe I swear to god I thought for sec a harbinger would teach us to make cola
I thought this was a How to Basics video.
And we'll need the cocaine..
yeah ill stick to buying it at the store
where cokaine?
You forgot salt to make you thirsty so you drink more of it
*Meanwhile real cola:* just sugar, coloured water and soda.
isnt alcohol a better flavor extractor soak it in rum then just boil it at 70c to evaporate alcohol
What about the cola nut .-.
Home brewed capitalism, am I right fellas?
Torku bu videoyu izlemiş herhalde
What would it taste like without the kilogram of sugar?
More like a yellowy green, but interesting
I’ve never had cola so I wouldn’t have anything to compare it to but it looks interesting
There’s no cola in this recipe. Cola get its name from the cola nut that used Coca Cola and Pepsi in making it so I’m confused.
Pepsi was the first viewer to this video 😄😄😄
so cool!
You forgot the Coca in your cola, title is misleading.
what a waste of time i wanted the 1880 version
It's 1 am i have no idea why i'm watching this
How to make coco cola easy way 1 get a coke flavored ice pole 2 melt it  3 pour in cup enjoy
what's Cola?
y la cocaina?
if someone ever calls me nerd again i'm gonna send this vid
Anything would be better than the actual recipe that Coke are using for the new Coke - No Sugar. It's awful.
The payday gang must’ve gotten this for you,
So now I know coke it healthy bc it has plants in it and as well as fruit peels they are healthy bc there peels have vitamins but it also has a lot of sugar
cola kills even more people than all epidemics
Everybody gangsta until we make the original 1886 recipe
Wait I bought all the ingredients, came back  to this video, and just realized you don't say how to use the gum arabic :(
I think coca cola is a dark brown, not really black, but I dunno
wheres the coke
please can you do alipende coke im allergic tothe funky cola
huh
BR0000OOOOOOTALLLL
dont need to make a racist communist supporting trash drink.
This has less sugar
how do you make pepsi?
imagine knowing the original recipe of cake:0
My understanding has been that Coca Cola uses coca leaves (the reason for the "Coca" in the name), the difference from the original recipe being that the leaves have had the cocaine removed.  Is this not correct?
I always just thought Elves made the stuff. Another childhood disappointment 🥺
coca cola : who hide their secret ingredients in vault After Watching this : 🙄🙄
4:05 Why did the music just get spooky?
U forgot the cocaine... never forget the cocaine
What is Coca-Cola full of? All sorts of Spiders, Mold and Acid.
Caramelise the Sugar in the pan. Add the Coffee. Freeze it into ice cubes in the freezer. When you want one, get the cola ice cube from the freezer. Add some water to glass and cube. Make it fizzey with soda stream CO2. Much more healthy. Won't taste the same, however it won't ruin your body. I do like cola flavoured Slush and coffee frapachino. I do like things other than Coke.
It won't taste the same as you're putting all sorts of Spiders in to make it taste the way you do. However, for health benefits home made is better.
Label Coca-Cola, Cola Slave and see how many people buy it.
It's Simpler than that. 1 - Caramel, that's where the sweet taste comes from. 2 - Coffee, that's where the bitter taste comes from. 3 - Carbonated Water, that's where the fizz comes from.
Best cola recipe I have ever tried, it really does taste like coke...
Gonna have to give a thumbs down on this video for failing to even mention the kola nut. Kola nut was an original ingredient in Coca Cola and others...but almost impossible to find any cola made with real Kola nut anymore since the average consumer doesn't know any better.  Q brand mixers used to do it, but I can't seem to find it anymore.
i was + turbating and this comes to my mind, thx 🙏
So when do u make it into a powder?
"Pepsi bottle... Coca-cola glass... I don't give a damn."
How long does the syrup last?
didnt work
this is wrong the true way to make coke is  toothpaste coffee soy souce and vinigar  to learn more on how to make the true cola watch  tyrone tiagas video
Thats not even close to what they actually do, i thought you were to show us how modern cola was made but i guess you rather wanted a more natural version of it. All they do is use phosphate, lemonjuice and sugar besides the carbonized water. It's more like a lab job no fancy spice and lemon mix.
5:33 who knows. It's youtube. Even if it tastes so bad, most people will watch the video.😂
Very cool. Is this version just as toxic?
he forgot to ad 40 grams of sugar which is colas secret ingredient
Cola is literally calcium poison
Carbonate it
HOW WOULD YOU MAKE DIET COKE ? DO YOU STILL NEED THE SUGAR ?
To make it look like cola, I added petroleum to give it that distinct oil look
Pro tip use coca leaves fore better taste
Is isn’t it to illegal to give the Recipe of Coca Cola?
Ronaldo wants your location
I'm watching this but I have never had coca cola before
V
if you wanna know how to make cola just watch Dr. Stone
Wow, will try this at home definetely. But how do you proceed with adding caffeine? DO you add roasted ground coffee, or you make a brew and add to the mix? Will it give it some colour, as well? Or do you add in another form?
Pepsi: WRITE THAT DOWN, WRITE THAT DOWN
that was cool im hoinh to try it 1 day
So...is it a healthier replacement? If not then...just buy a bottle of Coke. ???
WTF IS THAT SCREATCHING SPRINY METAL NOISES. Why. WHY.
Finally I can make this for someone and be my ally in my science kingdom
I got a Pepsi ad when I clicked this..........how many times do I have to tell the person spying on me that I prefer Coke over Pepsi
Coca Cola : *Nooo...This guy is revealing our company secret.We have to tell youtube to delete the video!*
Pleace do fermented sodas🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
What? Coca-cola is gonna twerk one of its recipes? Is that so “white” people can drink it? Or are they still BANNING “white” people from drinking their products because they are “privileged” and ALL “racists” 🤔 https://www.newser.com/story/308786/love-the-flavor-of-coke-zero-its-changing.html
DR stone will cry after watch this . resep bhs indo nya :  jeruk biasa , lemon , kayu manis , pala , ketumbar. tambahan yg terakhir daon jeruk purut.
Or you go to a store buy coke put it in the fridge then enjoy
No coco cola only water                -Ronaldo
I'm sceptical about using oil. coca cola contains zero amounts of fat, so how do they get the flavor?
Now do Coke with the "secret" ingredient they used in the 1800's *wink*
Wtf you deserve more subs
You forgot the 200 spoons  of white sugar lol.
First get some cocain-
simply buy a coca cola
Where did you get adrenochrome?
Fuck man
1:10 I'm sorry but why did I think he dropped a tooth in for a second
*I Don't Have Any Ingredients Like That I'll Just Buy A Coke In The Store Not To Waste My Time For That*
I hear a few g of cocaine does wonder to the flavor......or so i was told
WHERE IS THE SODAA!!!!!
Dr stone be like
Need to remember this incase all the humans turn to stone
Hey you forgot one last ingredient……     Cocaine
spanish please :(
Do you know of a wort that includes all but the sugars that is high quality and sells in bulk?
you forgot to add 2 lines of coke my man....
how do you do this with artificial sweetener?
never heard of cola before what is it?
So this is how you make splunker potions seems easier than i thought
thank you, now i know how to make it. i  better run to store to buy coke
Cocaine
whats up wiht the fucking ominous music my guy
he is missing one key ingredient
USA=Corn sirup Other countrys= Sugar Cane in Coca Cola. And USA use the most sugar.
Did all the acids make it carbonated?
This isn't the coke I was trying to make, but I'll take it.
???
this man made coca cola, with coke, he made the OG coca cola, cuz they removed teh actual coke from it unless youre mexican they still put coke in cola there.
this isnt how to make that other kind of sugar!
coca cola espuma
I've always tasted a weird ginger taste in coke. Those stupid worthless Coke touchscreen machines where the "flavor" comes from an "HP inkjet" like looking cartridge are one of the ways to get a strong ginger taste out of coke. The ones with the lever, the old school machines that actually make the soda taste good because of that giant bag in the back of the store or under the machine in the cabinets give the soda a way different taste. The touchscreen Coke machine is hands down THE "Coca-Cola tastes like ginger" truth.
if you don't wanna do this then just get soda stream
Since cocaine is now legal in some US states, we can go back and make the original recipe.
and the CO2? i guess that got added magically in your final product right?
Found this after watching a video from the grilled cheese guy
Changing the Pepsi in Pepsi to Coca
You should set up store and sell the syrup.
Why dont you show the dislike number?
Original was Sorta like modern lean hahaha
nice video but wtf is this horror music in the background?
what about the old recipie
Apparently if you crush cilantro and lime together the smell is very similar to coke
Just found after watching Ronaldo
coca leaves? cola nuts?
*N O I C E*
Instead of alcohol, I wonder if you can use another type of liquid like vodka?
Dr stone anyone? 😁😁😁
So wait, Coca~Cola doesn't use any Kola Nut in it anymore?
No. No. Wrong. No.
In coconut oil????
How to make Pepsi?
About to make this someday lol
synthetic water
Meh all this work, just go and buy a can of coke already
FBI open up
How To Make Code With The Real Ingredients: 1.Seltzer water (its the water everyone makes with soda) 2.1 Bag of sugar (dump it all in)  3.Wine (The original coke was made with drugs and wine and soon someone made it for children but it can also kill right now its very dangerous) 4.Corn Syrup (10 Large Spoons) 5.Honey(8 pounds) 6.salt(10 teaspoons) 7.black food coloring(it wont make a difference if you add it) 8.Beer Thats all but this not real recipe we just placed it all together cuz when we watched how coke was made we took the ingredients but not all of it because some of it is very unhealthy
A friend of mine went through with this recipe last night and he told me that it tastes almost exactly like the cola flavoured popsicles we used to have in Argentina in the late 90's/early 00's. That alone makes it a win for me.
uh you forgot an ingredient, talk to my man pablo, he'll hook you up
This guy is so smart
You don't unless you want to be sued by The Coca Cola company.
Dr stone teaches all
Why are the FBI banging on my door
40 euros? but you sound American/Canadian? where are you from?! haha
You butchered the recipe, of course it didn’t turn out right
You make it with a lot of cocaine.
why I watch this at 5am
Not so Fun fact:Coca-cola used to have cocaine in it
The amount of sugar is insane
500 ml of lime juice, that's sour
How do you add caffeine
How did you carbonate it?
*coca cola wants to know your location*
You need a special ingredient from Ecuador...
I know this is an old video, but have you considered or attempted to make an olio-saccharum instead of using oil and then emulsifying it? I know it would work for all of the citrus as well as the lime leaves and cinnamon, not sure about the nutmeg or coriander.
so cola is vegan
Ive got great news for you they  got this in the shops now!
Do the original recipe
coke is illegal
All the dislikes are from Ronaldo
No caffeine?
I love Cola I often wondered if you could make it at home.  Sounds very good and a lot better than the bough ones.
Sounds fantastic
cristiano ronaldo is not happy
You forgot the cocaine 🤣
BRO 500 ML or 1 LIMES WORTH?  you think theres two cups are juice in a lime ??
Try bergamot instead of neroli
The essential oils immediately made me think: I just drank 50 essential oils because my doctor told me I have cancer! Better use my crystals…
YOUR EXPOSING THE SECRET FORMULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you forgot the cocaine
Or just buy it 15$ 😀🤡
it’s sus that i’m just drinking coke today while scrolling on youtube to watch then i see this
The actual colour of coca cola is green.
How do you not have millions of subs? This is amazing! I've been binge watching and this is my first comment. I'm hooked haha!
howtobasic did it much better
that
all he is missing is the cocaine.
How to make coca cola with out coca leaves or cola nut  🤔
Wow. This everything I learned in Organic Chemistry Lab in one video
Should have used Carmel  color as thats what they used to turn it brown
A very useful tutorial for Argentinians....
I just smell it
and where is coca and cola?
(2:29) Dude is your hand okay???
When/where did you add the oil to the serum? That step is not shown
making cola without kola nut? whoddathunk?
you can't eat essential oils!!!! like the homeopathy stuff is NOT food grade
What happened to the cola nut
weird never thought it would be made up of these flavors.
OMG SENKU
Dude.. you're making cola.. Don't even think you've made anything close to Coke.. Lols.. The flavor is so unique.  You can immediately tell whenever someone serves you something different- meaning there's nothing even close to it..
You are awesome... Loving ur content..
Cristiano Ronaldo: Agua!
I promise my friend still now i have not even tasted a single drop of this bad chemical.I love to drink water as CR7 said to us.
Green tea , add some sugar and soda ( not so necessary ) and cool it for 10 minutes and you get coke               Thank me now 😉
im watching this just incase if humanity got petrified for 3700 years
senku cola is easier
You're missing phosphoric acid, which is what the major brands use as the primary flavoring.
🦉 You need a bit of salt in there.
fuck you im a vegan
coca cola company will never get sad after watching joke
like rubbing alcohol!? or like vodka?
Or.. you just buy the sirup. I mean, nice to see, but thats a lot of work to make coke. I use the sodastream coke, sugar free and its easy and quick and tastes great. Very cheap too.
had a glass of milk with me to enjoy with this video, now you made me go get a coke. damn nice with a ice cold one
5281 dislikes are from Ronaldo
This is Pepsi recipe 😀
neroli is available many places, i think you were just being lazy
"Cola is actually just a citrus-y lemon drink with just some spices added to it" 🤯🤯
Coca cola 😏 just drink WATER
Just tried this recipe today. Followed it closely. My measurements for the ingredients in the 1 to 4gms bracket were a bit here and there but flavour was decent. Added about half the amount of sugar mentioned in the video too as I dont prefer overly-sugary colas. Finally I skipped the colouring, got a mountain dew looking cola. lulz. Have a few questions though!  1. Can I use any neutral oil other than coconut? Cos even refined coconut oil has a strong aroma and flavour for my taste.  2. Any tips on how to emulsify the flavoured oil with gum arabica? I tried mixing the oil with powdered gum arabica, wasnt a total success.   Other than that, thanks so much for the recipe! had a blast making it!
Where'd u get those coca leaves bro?
No cola nut ?
Me: Watching at drink
i made this today, the final product was actually pretty good, but the smell of it lead me to believe it was just going to taste like cinnamon so i was surprised when it tasted similar to coke.
where i live, you can buy pepsi syrup.
So this is why coke tastes good with lemonade
Standard ingredients of an Indian kitchen.
it's not coke or a cola with out vanilla or cola nut where you get the name COLA
RC Cola is better than Coke and Pepsi, loved that stuff as a kid.
Whenever I drink Coca Cola after not having it for a long time I always get a huge taste of ginger. So that was kind of surprising that it wasn’t in this recipe.. maybe it’s just me?
Cola is potpourri with caramel flavoring. xD
If you really want your coke to have a kick add just a splash of cocaine powder.
Not sure how you got those 7 flavors, but I thought the main cola flavor comes from the kola nut. It was the cocaine and kola nut combo from which the name Coca-Cola originated (the K changed to a C for cleaner alliteration).
I made the original recipe and now the FBI are at my door.
_s p i c y lemonade_
I go to the store
Subscribed 🥳
*Senku wishes to know your location*
The continuous talking ... where you apparently do not pause to breathe ... I don't like that.  Take a pause from time to time.
600 grams of sugar holy shit
What about the coca leaf?
My man ronaldo dumped coca cola :) Who is here after he replaced coca cola with water
0:53 why did the text change lol that threw me off for a minute.
I don't know what you are trying to make but it ain't cola! What a joke stick to the recipe you knuckle head!
Left this as a reply but I feel it deserves its own comment: Hi there! I make a lot of Cola at home for my family, you don't need ANY food coloring, no offense intended to FlavorLab but this isn't the best way to color it, and actually I'll tell you what I do and what Coca Cola itself does, and you don't need to buy anything extra! Here you go: when you're making the caramel at the beginning, add a little bit of water, like a few drops to a teaspoon, and cook it a bit longer than the video suggests, until it starts to smell very toasted a bit like chocolate chip cookies and turns ALMOST black, very dark red / very dark brown, then make the cola the rest of the way as the video suggests and it will be very dark without a need for added food color; what I'm telling you about is how to make "caramel coloring", you should look a recipe up here on youtube, it's the way store bought colas and root beers, and even some sauces and gravies, are colored! It can add a bitter / sour taste a bit like coffee, that you can reduce by adding more sugar and lime juice. And PS replace the carrier oil you're using with MCT oil, olive oil, vegetable oil, or canola oil, those won't get solid like coconut oil does when they get cold. And if you plan on making this a lot, you can put a whole bunch of the aromatics into a bunch of alcohol and leave it for a few weeks and you can make what's called a "flavor extract" or "tincture" and use that in place of the oil altogether, like was mentioned in the video 🤠
I'm shocked cola beans weren't involved. would that be used in the caffeinated version?
Can't believe this is the bull$hit I've been drinking for most of my life. This video will make it easy to keep off it.
Nature: all the things are lemon or chicken.
I thiught Coca Cola was just boiled sugar then carbonated 🥲😭
Cristiano Ronaldo will be pissed after watching this.
Ronaldo: don't drink cola drink water.  next day   youtube: how to make cola in home 😂
Don’t forget cocaine
Right after cr7 putting down coca cola i gotthis recommended from yt
yall out here drinkin straight syrup
Who is here after Cristiano Ronaldo's stunt?
I remember trying this when I was a teen...my mom called the cops on me.  She thought I was making drugs, I was like damn mom, good to know.  She got in to wine making, and I am about to get my revenge.
Cristiano Ronaldo downvoted this video
An oily drink
It's faster just to use a vacuum chamber to emulsify the oil and water
How to make gas
not the mexican recipe with cane sugar????????
Cristiano ronaldo dislikes this video
I need my carbon dioxide in my coca colaaa!!
the caramel sugar was dark brown
so it’s just lime juice with spices and oils and black food coloring
This is actually disgusting. No wonder that how detrimental it is to our bodies.
I think im tripping balls, but im pretty sure ive heard this exact same script somewhere else on youtube but idk from who
Too bad it wasn't less white
What about Coca Leaves?
So when did they ditch the Kola nut?
Essential oils? Don't you mean oil-based extracts?
Wait so coke contains 10ml of alcohol dear muslims y'all been taking alcohol!😂
Looks good, but does it taste good? :)🤔🤔🤔
Nah it won't taste the same without the worker's sweat and the harmful chemicals.
With kola nut it would've been brown.
I'll stick with ginger ale 🍺
Cola sure, but not coca-cola.
Why wouldn’t just mixing the raw, natural ingredients in sugar water work the way you’d make a flavored sugar?  Why the coconut oil, alcohol/gum Arabic?  Ive made ginger/lime syrup just by boiling, ginger, lime peel, and weather, then adding sugar.  Would this work w/your recipe?  Also, try adding fresh ginger to your cola (8X)… amazing!
now make coke zero
they used to use coca leaves which is from the plant you get snorty snorty coke from they bought them from the drug peeps since they were already scraped of the cocaine shit
Fun fact if you get an orange peel and squeeze it that little bits of fluid that comes out is flammable.  So if you hold a lighter next to the peel when you squeeze it it becomes a mini flame thrower.
Im in denver where the hell am i gonna find neroli and kaffiir lime leaves??? 600grams#!!!
The company gon' bankrupt
Jesus loves you , Repent , Jesus died so we can live , Read your bible for your self and ask God to guide you ,, pray , Jesus loves you"..
How do you make the sugarless equivalent? 0.o
You can also use soap or raw eggs as an emulsifier
My dislexic ass read it as cloroforn scratch
dont forget the bicarb!!!!
Ummmmm You forgot a pretty important ingredient.... KOLA NUT. You know... Where the term Cola comes from.
So all that and you don't make actual Coke syrup.
A regular Coca Cola doesn’t have any citrus ingredients. It has Phosphoric Acid. I wish they sold it without adding color.
how did you carbonate it
you get 500ml limes in the US? Wow, I do NOT get those anywhere else in the world.
Lol....this is just a waste of time.. Just add Molasses to orange juice and lime juice.
Where he the carbon dioxide in this cola ?
Did anyone else's brown parents told them that coca cola was made out of toilet cleaning liquid thing(I forgot what it was called lol) to stop them from drinking coca cola?
I dont believe it
Where is the cola nut
Where is cola nut?
original recipe calls for a dash cocai.. fbi: "HANDS IN THE AIR"!!!
Awesome
So it's cola but it makes you fat......sigh
Soda makes it taste like cola.
I thought the OG coca cola recipe contains cocaine.
Dr. Stone
Coca Cola... Acquired.
My brother loves strong lemon ice tea so i always make it for him. This one day because i make a huge amount of tea it had to go in the fridge after 2 days i made some ice tea for myself and it literally looked and taster like carbonated coco cola and not just flat tasting.
I followed everything step by step and accidentally made DR.Pepper
Cola is disgusting, I've never understood the appeal.
500 ml of lime, about 1 lime??? like wtf, half a liter from one lime??
what are you doing? there is no oil or arabic gum or alcohol in coke!
Where is your carbonation coming from?
700 grams of SUGAR
You forgot to add the other 100 toxic ingredients the industry does not tell you about.
What a rigmarole to make.........just buy a coke from the store.
3:55 did you mean 5 or 50 millilitres?
Man i came here to see drugs darn it.
I spent hours trying make this and it turned out to just taste like water, lemon and Sugar.
What about the kola nut
Where is the cocaine tho
I don't know if anyone has told you but you sounds alot like mat pat from game theory  great video !
We dont have that 0.001 percent of actual coke
I guess it's best to buy the Coca Cola 😏
In short, just mix cocaine and alcohol.
Isn't it suppose to have an extract of cola beans?
Essential oil from citrus peels apparently requires removal the white cottony side first.
The dislikes are from the employees that work at the coca-cola factory.
You should use mung beans
500ml of juice in a lime? Thats half a litre, just no.
The dusty flesh therapeutically soothe because indonesia pharmacodynamically calculate over a willing corn. gainful, future futuristic dictionary
wheres the cocaine?
FUN!
Special "Essential oil" is the key. 😁
ok now add cocaine
Why lol, is earth on crisis? I have coke shop near my house. Why anyone going for time wasting.
500ml=0.5l. 50ml=5cl=0.5dl. get your metric system right, please 😁
Caramel color is made from burnt sugar. You have to take the caramel to a stage where it’s pretty much black and smoking. Once you dissolve it in water, it will look exactly like coke.
So for how long is that syrup storable? lets say in the fridge
Coconut oil have a taste to it. U shpuld use grapeseed or something without taste.
Time to make doka cola
Epic.
so moonshine is only "mostly ethanol:? what
I will use this to defeat sukasa and grow my kingdom is science
Does the coca leaves or kola nut not impart any flavor? Even if they dont it seems weird to just ignore them and not even mention them...
Why black
Y'all are making jokes about Coca-Cola having cocaine in it and that that's why he said it doesn't taste quite right, but you're not far off the truth.   While actual cocaine has not been used for many, many, many years, Coca-Cola is the only company in the United States, that I am aware of, that is allowed to used coca leaves in their product.   Now notice I said leaves, not cocaine. When Coca leaves haves their cocaine content extracted for use in various medical and scientific trials, they spent leaves are then sent to Coca-Cola who then use them to flavor the beverage.  So yeah, if you can get some spent coca leaves... should help!
What if I used green lemons
cocaina?
I just found a cola hi chew on the floor in its wrapper.
Don't say kaffir! it's a very bad racial slur actually
§€¥°¿¡
They still use coca leaves for flavouring
I was literally drinking pepsi when I clicked this video.
Did anyone tried this?  What if he's bluffing
cocaine cola
How to properly cut and snort coke brought me here.
Not Cola without kola nut extract. Leaving it out (and therefore, caffeine free) sort of defeats the purpose, like making vegan cheese.
so many substitutes wtf seriously
Link for the Weighting scale?
The taste is a bit off because you forgot to add the happy powder my man, don't worry, li'l J got yo back
Next coke
I am living in a era where people  google ten times to make an egg omlet perfect and here is a guy elaborating things to make cola out of nothing.😬
cant we just a buy a can?
coca-cola is actually very dark brown..... not black. neroli is essential oil made out of orange blossoms.... bitter orange is orange that is used in marmalades.
Wow
You cant make it. The ingredients are secret
I would like to request a tutorial on making Bepis please
Can't prove it's coke if you don't do a taste test. He just made some thick black liquid. GTFO
I don't supposed you have a how to carbonate water video around do you?
Pepsi would like to know your location
Warm cola..
Mans in this video: So this coke needs essential oils :)   Karens at home: WRITE THAT DOWN WRITE THAT DOWN
Im pretty sure only two people in the world have access to the coke recipe or rather the safe that stores the recipe.
Very dope, man. Great video, quite interesting.
they use xantian gum not gum arabic....... thats glue
so no caffine then.......
Saya kira pake kokaina.
where's the cocaina?
I bet that taste like shit.. LOL its cola in theory..
Wait is coca cola really contain an alcohol?
But Where's the secret white powdery ingredient?
Interesting , I wanna try once how it taste but not the Alcohol version , you didn't explain the Arabic Gum version .
This is the opposite of howtobasic
When I drink coca cola, I clearly taste licorice. Try it with licorice root. It will be more similar in both appearance and taste. You need to boil the licorice root for a while and use its water.
what happen to the Kola nut?
It's amazing that you didn't use either ingredient that are the 2 main ingredients...  Coca leaf and Kola nut. Like come on man.   Coca-Cola gets their coca leaves sourced from Columbia (legally)  where they get sent to St Louis where they are processed. the cocaine is extracted and the flavour of the leaves is sent to the plants for bottling purposes. Cocaine is a scheduled 2 substance because it is known to have medicinal properties. This keeps Coca-Cola in existence.
could use black grass jelly from asian markets instead of black food coloring, healthier pick?. Was the coke in sugar cubes?
YOU MIX COCA WITH COLA YOU DOOFUS
I have a scratch on my arm, that is a good start.
You forgot the cocaine!
I always thougt that there would be licorice root("plant") in it
Now i wanna make this 😩
Bro i thought cokes recipe was split across 3 people and it was a super big secret.
Hm? No Cola Plant?
You forgot the Cocaine
very helpful thanks flavourlab it really came in handy
I'm sick if Americans saying quote unquote. Please stop it if you "can" read this.
I got a Coca Cola advert... hmmm
didnt the coke oil had smell and taste of mild coconut?
✨D r . S t o n e✨
Hold my coca.
No such thing as essential oils, what are they essential for? It's just oils and a scam.
With cocaine.
Coca cola secret formula: am I a joke to you?
me who has just watched dr stone : i  have a better explation and cola than u             no hate btw
that was lit! thanks
They forgot the main ingredient....
Cocainum!
but you don't even use cola leaves?
Make kfc next
3:53 "We need 500ml - or about 1 lime's worth of lime juice"  Fucking hell mate, where are you getting these behemoth limes from???????
when camera is that close to stuff it gives me a headache
Thank to senku and the kingdom of science
I should probably save this video in case this pandemic turns into a zombie apocalypse.
0 kola... fail.
fuck cola just sell the essential oils you make
Coke is gonna sue u bruh
Flavor might be off because there is no coca leaf. Coca cola is still made with coca leaves (with the cocaine removed)
Coke from scratch when?
Doesn't Coca Cola use real coca?
The waggish russia behaviourally tremble because employer identically offer failing a outstanding control. horrible, black-and-white impulse
Me: *Drinking cokes*  Also me: I guess people can't tell me it isn't health anymore
How do you make this diet?
Damn never knew all those went into making cola 😀
Not a single kola nut tisk tisk
But cocacola is brownish...
Also try to use dark brown colouring. Coke isn't really black.
Me: Retrieves one coke from fridge to watch and realizes I'm fine paying Mr. Coca-Cola to do this for me.
Nice video! I really enjoyed it!
Dude, you forgot to add some crushed dead rats into it.
Senku's recipe better
and lastly... 4:45  thought you were gonna say, we add 500 ml of coca cola lol
You forgot the cocaine.
I used to say mortar and  pess-tul, too. When I found out it was “pessul” I was so destroyed
i saw this in dr. stone lol
Dr Stone
thats not the original recipe =]
don't forget the secret ingredient cocaine 😎
Just add cocaine and you have Coca Cola
um where is the cola nut and the cocaine?
Why not just use Alchol as your solvent in the 1st place?  The oil step seems unessecarry. then just boil of the alcohol in a sugar syrup?
The one shown in dr.stone seems a lot easier
Person: Coke bad Also: I prefer natural essential oils from fruits
LMAO this is not Cola, Cola has COLA in it, which is a nut similar to Coffee (only much much larger) the caffeine in cola is natural, anyone making this drink should know your are not making Cola in any way shape or form, you are making burnt 7-up.
him: so now you have to pore alcohol into the mix me: wait wait sorry what?
Where is the cocaine leafs?
500ml of lime juice is not 1 lime...
bottom line, is coke healthy?
> makes "coca cola" but takes shortcuts then substitutes and skips a bunch of ingredients
Kombucha for the win:)
daww, you forgot the Kola nut. Granted you wanted it caffiene free but still, that probably the flavor your missing.
you forgot the cocaine
I actually like the background track, most people put uppity music but this is fine too. Not as ‘annoying’
Metric system yes!
ehmm Just buy it?
Not sure what you made pal, but Cola contains Kola Nut. It's kind of the staple flavor
You are missing 6 grams of cocain. For a real coke.
reason why it didnt taste exactly is because of one ingredient youve left out. cocaine
I will never buy a coca cola product again..not because of this video but because they want to tell me to be less white..racist fucks.
Can you also show us how to make Pepsi, please?
impossible...
I like mine with an extra pinch of wokeness.
You made cola with no cola nuts ????
So cola is sprite with food colouring and other spices
I like the taste of Coca Cola. But is it true that it is so corrosive that it can be used to clean toilets ?
The truth is, I don’t know how authentic the video is since Coca Cola’s recipe is secret There have been so many changes that they are no longer adding cocaine leaves, but caffeine to Coca Cola.
wait... is he an american using metric measurements?
Buy a coke, saves you time, money and hassle
I was under the impression there was cocoa in coke.
This is my secret guide to getting the secret ingredient in Coca Cola first get a job there work really hard rising the ranks 10 years later get married and have children 1-3 let one of your favorite child or the one your the closest to in on it work there till your whole life then when in your dead bed the ceo your friend you ask him what is the secret ingredient in Coca Cola he tells you and just before you die you reveal it to your son then makes  a new and improved cola cola making billions of dollars in revenue for you never to see it
Cola is a kind of nute dude...
Never gonna make this. Still watching 🤦‍♀️
I had a dream about making this last night after watching your video...
I know it isn't the same but if you're looking for an easier recipe then google Senku Cola.
hmm.... with coke.  i guess?
Im making this now
Cocalcohola.
you forgot the deadly sweeteners it tastes off without it
I've always thought Coca Cola would involve some kind of bitter ingredient like chocolate or coffee hence the slight bitter taste and dark brown color. But I was wrong.
Fbi open up
Dr.Stone Cola
I litteraly already know how to make coke. From scrath!! From stonessss!!! 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
I want Pepsi instead of coke
Somebody made acid I shit you not the damn desktop started burning
Imma make this when the world runs out of coke
Muddle, not “pound” lmao
perfect for when you need to recruit a very charming magician so you can stop the dude who wants to return to monke
Should have made Pepsi instead...
lol
So, I now know how to make a sickly sweet dark brown liquid with an unpleasant taste that will make me fat, and dissolve my teeth. Thanks. I think I’ll pass. Type 2 diabetes is not really my thing. Coffee made from freshly ground beans, loose leaf white tea and tap water will do me just fine, thanks. Interesting video.
You forgot to add the original ingredient, Crack, coke, snow, black rock, a.k.a. cocaine
Now i just hope kingdom hearts dark road will explain a bit more about xehanort's past and why his mom sent him away from scala to destiny island
False Cola but ok
When you dont eat or drink any of the ingredients but you drink coke
*WHERES THE COCAINE?!*
imagine trying to explain to an american that coke has a distinguished citrusy flavor palette
1st you take Tar , then bublee , then sugar , then cocain ..euuh. i mean secret recipe
Interesting, as someone who admittedly drinks too much coke, I always thought the flavor was just supposed to be carmelized sugar
You forgot the cocaine...
you forgot the cocain
Make the 1899 cola please.
pro tip if you really enjoy soda.. crack your ice first.. yeah so you put the ice in the glass, drop a little water in there to crack them, drain the water, pour in your soda.. believe me .. just make sure the water you use to crack the ice isn't too warm, room temperature or even from your refrigerator via some water you filtered works too..
Wheres the blow at
While Coconut oil is healthy but it has an over powering flavor which can be disruptive when used with other ingredients.
You're missing the vanilla extract
Im confused.  You said you didnt want the coconut oil in the final product, right?  You extracted the flavors from the oil using the alcohol. But you never explained what you did with it then.  I caught your note to mix the flavoring into the pot, but did you add it with the oil? Couldnt you have extracted the flavors using the alcohol directly without the carrier oil?
anyone tried this without sugar ? and adding a substitute later at the time of adding soda?
OK what I learned from my attempt: 1. I used ground cinnamon, nutmeg and coriander because un-ground ones were ridiculously expensive since they were only available in the Healthy Food section; it works OK, but use about half the amount of ground cinnamon; 2. If you're using ground ingredients, you must mix the oil during those 30 minutes or they might burn very easily and ruin the whole mixture; also it'll taint the oil dark brownish, but once you strain it it'll return to yellow; 3. 400 g of sugar is still hella sweet, I'll try 250 g next time; 4. For some reason when I poured the water into the caramel, it turned really red, like, literally blood. This is apparently normal; 5. I used lime juice concentrate (two tablespoons = one lime juice) and it did not turn green; but I'm still using a black food coloring next time because it looks too much like diluted energy drink; 6. Coffee filters take forever to strain the oil, I'll try cheese cloth or something along these lines next time.
The original  recipe  is COCAINE
and thats how he disappeared
Finnally not a parody one i finnnally found a real one and not a dump parody
Has anyone ever tried to use activated carbon as a black colouring for this recipe? I've heard that it colours things pretty well, but I don't know how well it does with liquids, and also I know that in excessive doses it can cause some pretty nasty constipation, so I don't need that in my life.  Black food colouring isn't really that popular here, and I didn't have any luck finding it in local stores, even ones with confectionery supplies.
Only two people alive have the coca cola recipe this dude:reality can be whatever i want it to be
As i know coca cola recipe is a secret.
"How to make Red Bull"?.......You will need 1 alive Bull , 500 gms sugar , 1 Red flag, cardamom, lime, orange leaves............Mix all ingrediants and heat them for 30 mins.........cool it down and add soda.
Buy one instead 😂
coca cola: HE'S TOO DANGEROUS TO BE LEFT ALIVE!!!
Cant wait to make this while I help cure some girl's pneumonia
Me, with an out of nowhere idea of making a soda fountain in my hometown:  NICE
Add caffeine
But how do I make Coke?
Senku: **noted**
Didn't work
Mecha Senkuu sent me.
Well if coke ever gets outlawed I guess this could be useful
In the real coke formula they used coke nuts, cocain but now they use caffeine
.
STEP 1 : Watch DR.STONE STEP 2: Make cola
Make the original Coca Cola, the one with actual Cocaine in it
I am definitely trying this
Coke But not carbonated
The recipe can be...broke...down?
or go to the store and buy it lol
I thought it was made out of the cola nut?
or we can pay a hole bottle for less than a $ .
last step **optional** pour in cocaine.
just buy one for 1dollar
Me clicking this video and in the end thinking I'm a sciencetist
what, no kola nut?
You forgot the Coca Leaf! Which is why the drink is called Coca Cola. This recipe Is like cinnamon buns without cinnamon.  Just sayin.
Hol up, how did u make it fizzy?
Ot u can just go to the store and buy it
"You've probably tried Cola before, so I really don't need to introduce it" Cubans and North Koreans - 👁👄👁
spier........... (not Very good)
3:55 Ummm... no?
When will how to make Pepsi come out?
ew cococnut oil cola
CONTEUDO PROIBIDO PELA COCACOLA EM MAIS DE 200 PAISES
so first add the cocaine
didnt realize there was music, thought there was a sire'yote (siren x coyote) outside my window XD scared the crap outta me
I dont get the part with the oil, how do you separate the coconut oil from the 7x flavoring oil? Or is this just both mixed toghter?
i used to think coke was fizzy blackcurrant, as Fanta was fizzy orange juice XD
lol the nazis wish they had this
Youtube: How to make Cola 7,403,825 people: *Interesting*
Gen would enjoy this video
i bet it tastes like Roller Cola
I'd rather just walk to tesco thanks
Gen from  Dr Stone would love this video.
i accidentally clicked on this super quick without realizing it and i don’t regret it
*Coca'Cola, Thums Up, Dr. Pepper, & Pepsi has entered the chat!*
"You can use all essential oils" *KAREN HAS ENTERED THE CHAT*
Oh wait this isn’t the right Coke I was looking for...
watch out, man. might have the Coca-cola death squad after you, for publicizing their recipe.
When do I make it into the powder
are soda made out of acid?
0:06 mini earthquake
No cola nut? not real cola then.
I see one major ingredient missing and I think it's illegal here
No one: Senku:
Much easier than buying a liter of coke
"stir the sugar while it's melting". no, don't.
"500 milliliters of lime juice or about one lime" what kind of monster limes are you using?
there were so many compromises used in this recepie that i doubt it tastes close
Got a friend who worked for Coke. Knows quite a bit about what is in it. Lots of botanicals, specially grown. One hint…black pepper. 8X.
500 ml of lime juice form one lime?
hey when did you add the oils that you made...
when you just watched drstone
step one: Insert cocaine
Have anyone actually tried to make it? How was it?
This feels illegal
(edd has entered the chat)
Why the heck would this be recommended just after watching that episode... They know everything
i thought this was HowToBasic rip-off after seeing the thumbnail
Bruh no coke no cola
Pov:you wont ever make it but you are bored in bed and saw the video
What is that metal screeching noise occasionally in the background.... I was so distracted by this that I almost didn't finish the video
Now that the recipe is mine, time to rule the world!
Cola's still a lemonade
Coca-Cola has decades of R&D experience using Sensory science and consumer research. JUST BUY IT!
I learnt a lot about cola today thank you
Im just gonna buy cola man its chill
theres a reason this wasnt called how to make coke
you made a cola drink... without kola nut?
Or you could just buy cocacola
It's 2AM and I have no idea why I'm watching this but now just buy a cola seems pretty reasonable choice
What is the measure for the essential oils?
I waited just for that black color !!!
Good thing I read the description, 500ml of lime juice is a lot.
Ayy, do pepsi next!
coincidentally, i was wondering a few days ago if u could make home made cola and just a few days later BAM there it is on ur recommended
how to make coke: water, bag of sugar
This was genuinely cool.
mom can we buy some cola mom: we've got cola at home
The Gods of god of cola DRINK!!!!!!!
500 ml? you mean 50?
kids watching this and see that alcohol is poured in **acts drunk** every time they'll drink Cola
Buy one you degenerate
lmao he sounds like higher pitch mrbeast
Cola without bubbles o.O?
Hold my nuggets for me
i thought this was a howtobasic video
Essential oils? Or extracts? Cuz i thought essential oils were NEVER to be ingested??
When mum won’t let you buy it at the store
Dude 700g of sugar
how to basic but without eggs
Is it gaseous
isnt cola recipe book is in the world strongest valt
Life hack!: Pepsi with water tastes a lot like cola! (For me Atleast)
I'm actually going to do this.
Make this with science.
This can't be correct. Sodas don't have any fat content, but your recipe contains coconut oil.
Step 1: buy
But Coca Cola actually tastes like shit. Try Karma Cola, or Phoenix coke.
So mucho coke would i need to add? or do i sniiff it all?
Why this is titled as "how to make coke" rather "coke making challenge"
rather just buy it lol
ahhh that's why fernet con coca is sooo good.
Use brown colouring instead of black, black creates a green tinge too the liquid
Yo it’s called kala khatta 😅
at 0:56 i think i will just grab a coke in my fridge
Where is the COKE? This is all wrong... this guy doesnt know what he's talking about
sorting comments by new has given me a headache
Soooo you use 600 GR of SUGAR for a 2 liter?!
Now this is exhilarating
background sounds are annoying as fuck
Try adding hibiscus, it used to be mentioned on the labels as one of the main flavour ingredients used, but strangely doesn't appear anymore
Nice, watched this whole video in intense anticipation of how good it would be in comparison to coke, only for the payoff to be "tasted similar" jesus can we get at least a FEW words describing the taste?
Brain: i wont use this knowledge anytime soon  Also brain: lets watch this anyway while you still have 2 assignment near deadline
btw, if you caramelise with honey, not sugar, the coke is black without adding anything ;)
2 easy steps:  1. go in the store  2. buy cola  bam....cola
Literally when I taste coke, it taste like perfume idk why.
isn't the narrator the action lab
The gas was added at some point? Does not sounds logic to much that all of the sudden it got the gas only from the syrup, in that case, how do you add the gas?
I would rather buy a original coke instead.
man im too lazy to go to the nearby convince store to get a coke bottle so im making mine at home
Kingdom of science is here
Where is the cocain
Where's the cocaine?
wait you forgot coke leaf
*easiest way to make cola!*         *can of sola*  First and finally pour the cola on a cup or mug
i thought cola was a bean and caramel color is made from cooking the sugar before blending with your flavoring and water.
can't forget the cocaine leaves for the extra citrus flavor.
How to make coke                                   A cola
oh i just wanted to know another type of coke, for investigation purposes of course, this is nice too though
that was interesting! But i dont think I want to make coke
cool but the entire video is out of focus
It's weird, we always thought cola as unhealthy but is actually just a bunch of fruit peels, spices and sugar basically. Cristal sugar surely isnt healthy, but it's in so many other products that dont get the same rep. Weird.
This video: exists* Dr. Stone fans: Its free realestate
Just go buy a coke. 🙄
where is COCAinum?
what about cola beans
Was it just me thinking about Dr. Stone while watching this
Or, buy soda at the store.
Got to thank the mentalist
I think Fbi just came in to my house
or just buy a coke
you forgot the cocaine smh
good video, but horrible camera work...
I mean i know there's cola but... where's the coke?
i want sprite
Let's be honest , none of us is gonna give it a try
Boring
I need to remember this in case I'll ever need a mentalist
I’l Rather Buy From The Store
nah gonna go to the store and buy it :)))))
Cool, now the 1800's recipe
i made this lol thanks
why not go and fucking buy one
where's the cocaine
guys coca cola formula here
I may reincaarnate in another world. With this, I will be rich!!
Add cocaine for the real classic taste
I gave this to my sister and she fell asleep (Shes slept for 19 days and wont wake up, is this normal?)
The fact that I got a Coca Cola ad before watching this video lol
the video is interesting and all, but the STUPID FUCKING beeping music background is beyond annoying
So cola is just a funky citrus soda? *Got it*
COCAINA
can we get this with the original recipe
coca colas been real quiet ever since this came out
Or just buy a new one from the store.
Or you could just go shop and buy one....
"original recepie calls for"  so.. the original recepie is leaked is what i'm getting from this vid.
reminder, if you keep stirring and whisking the sugar, the sugars will bond together and crystalize. water will help but its not gonna be perfect unless you have good finesse
easiest way to make cola:                                                              just never give it up and never let it down
this guy sounds like matpat
0/10 no cocaine
so when do i add the cocaine?
essentially you would do this by having some sort of essential oil..... nice
short pro tip, if this is to much of a hastle. just take some water, put ice in it and throw in a few leaves of Artemisia abrotanum var. Maritima (in german its legit "Cola-Kraut" or "Eberraute"). According to google its called "Lad's love" or "pinnate-leaved ragwort". its really great, doesnt cost much, u can plant it in ya garden, it tastes like coke without adding any sugar and its actually healthy and also used as a medical herb :)
or as we call it, western sugar water
SO. MUCH. SUGAR.
Just buy cola lol its not cheap and its way cheaper than making it they all taste the same
when did you add carbon?
Should have named it how to make coke
You said 500ml of lime juice which made me wonder how big those limes must be!  I see it says the correct 50ml in the description box.
where's the cocaine???
wtf is this creepy ambient bro
Or you can just go to your local store and buy a coke.
"Essential Oils", Anti-vaxx Parents gonna feed their childs liters of Cola now.
the original Recipe calls for Cilantro
As i saw the thumbnail i thought you are going to use rubbish as ingredients XD
"pest ul" The t in pestle is silent my guy
Idk why the leaves have the same name of a racial slur. Ofc it isn't in that context but-
Pog
Senku: amature.
What can I substitute moonshine for? Also I’m dumb how do I add caffeine
Stable video 👍
I think I'm sticking to just buying it from the store, like normal people.
wait so coke isnt halal?
This mans a legend
you need cocain
senkucola?
Instructions unclear, made Sprite.
you forgot the coke 😉
Finally! A person that knows cinnamon is part of the recipe! I'm alergic a cola because of this! After dr.stone was insanely easy to discovery the recipe myself lol
video gets recommended after i finished dr stone wow
Ok, but can we now have a pepsi recepie?
Senku: intresting
I think its cause theres no CO2 pumped up in the cola that u made. CO2 plays a big part in bringing in the flavour we all recognise.
Just fart in the water because cola is carbonated water and your fart is carbon dioxide or just burn a diamond because its made of carbon
Why not to buy normal Cola in shop ?
nobody:   * me playing cooking with real ingrediens *   what i feel:
It tastes like shit bruh
I bet that tasted nothing like a coke lol
Binging with babish being like :
This is actually the first time I've heard someone say "Euros" that doesn't have a British accent
cocaine + suger = coca cola
How to add the gas
You missed the cocaine part
the extra bit of sugar he added was actually cocaine, he just couldnt say or the fbi would track him down
To make cola u need a cola
Senku would be proud of this
**Dr. Stone has entered the chat**
We are not suppose to know that...
I’m drinking Coca Cola watching this     In a Pepsi Glass
You forgot kola nut and coca leaf!! How can you Make cola without kola? Lol
Now make a video on how to make COKE
Lets just say i put a little "Sugar" in the drink.
me not wanting to go to the store thats a street away to get coke
buT wHErE iS THe CocAiNE
im never going to make this and i need to sleep too
He made sure not to keep coke on the title
I'll be honest this is the definition of *Stonks*
I never really thought thay cola has spices
I am 100% sure most of us are here cuz of dr. Stone lmao
What glasses do you have they look nice and I want one
Dr. STONE 😂
Get a plastic gloves
How to make coke?
WHERE ARE THE COCAINE?!!!
Coca Cola company is dissapointed.
A very big thanks to you to use metric system instead of imperial 🙏
I like cola
Coca-Cola: **nervous sweating**
*why am i watching this i already have real cola in my home*
Easy way of drink cola in 10 min not like 1000 hr go to shop
SENKU cola acquired
We will definitely defeat the tsukasa empire
Imagine finding this in your recommendations after watching Dr. Stone...
You got 10 billion %
How do bbubble?
Mojo-JoJo would like to have a word.
Mom :- don't drink coco cola from outside store Me :- I will make it at home pls
Uh... You say at 3:58 that you need 500 millilitres of lime juice "or about 1 lime's worth of juice".  What sort of massive limes are you using that you're getting 1/2 a litre's worth of juice? LOL
Ah, I see you're a mentalist of culture as well.
proper Cola flavour is obtained from Kola nuts
Lemon peel plus orange = ???
Instead of infusing the oil and making a tincture, couldn't you have just made oleo sacrum with the peels, turn that into syrup, and steep the spices in that until they impart their flavor?
i dont know why i get so mad that he calls it cola
Where do I get them I'm afraid I might mess up
I am drinking cola 🥤 as I’m watching
Stay all night tonight with the Coke
alcohol emulsifier, genius
I’ll just buy coke
BRO YOU DIDN'T EVEN ADD CARAMEL?
very nice
Isn’t cola made from the kola nut? 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Ai did dis it is like water :/
Just me after watching* doctor stone *
Wait... alcohol?
When I made it it stayed brown, even after the lime. Did I do something wrong?
Could you use vodka instead of moonshine? Moonshine isn’t exactly the most accessible alcohol
Sir hindi me video Banaao
GONNA FUCKING DO THIS FOR MY ASAGIRI GEN
Uh you know you are going to the store to buy the things so why don’t you just go to the store and buy coke
I hate your Channel
Tell me tell me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am completely screaming at you
Tell me tell me
So tell me tell me another way to make Coca-Cola
OMG you are terrifying I am so😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😡 no man at you Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I hate you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 tell me right now!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so mad at you I am so 😡
Tell me right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so 😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😱Un believable
Can you tell me right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so confused because you do not tell me the ingredients????????????????????????????????????? I said tell me right now what can I do if I don’t have the ingredients tell me tell me🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
I said can you tell me right now because I do not have the ingredients
Can you tell me
So what can we do
We don’t have the ingredients but I I really  want to make coca-Cola
So let’s get started making Coca-Cola
i love Coca-Cola
there is only orange in my in my fridge and some hidden alchocols
you sound like senku
All oils what
Dr stone references: O B S E R V E
11th October 2019
Me here after watching doctor stone...
Direct to the point. Thank u so much
I tried it today.. it worked just fine, but with some issues.. First of all, 500ml of Limes? I used 250ml of lemon juice and it was too much.. But lastly, all the ingredients i could find I added: Orange peel, Lemon peel, kaffir leaves and cinnamon.. Using that as my flavoring and doing the rest as this tutorial.. again, 250ml of lemon juice was still alot too much.. But I'm happy with this for my first try.. I added the food coloring, mixing red blue and yellow, with a bit more blue, and it looked like a coke, but instead of the redish colour cocacola has, this one had blue, it amazed me! Thanks for the vid
I first misread coriander seeds for cocaine leaves
Caramel color would of been better
Try adding some phosphoric acid and some caffeine as they also have taste of there own
Some alchemy shit
Plot twist: he is an ex- coke employee
Coca-Cola: hey how did he know our secret
this is NOT how Senku made his cola.     😂please tell me someone else gets it.
Is anyone els drinking cola rn and watching this or is it just me.
The dislikes came from Tsukasa Army
Polish people after 01.01.2021 NOTE THAT DOWN
Coke has 13 tablespoons of sugar
You need to add a tiny bit of phosphoric acid, a little bit of citric acid and some caffeine. These are usually the chemical that differ the most between colas.
what do you do when you have the gum arabic
i’ll just go to the deli
You're ten billion percent correct
amazing.  i always thought it had vanilla in it.  also, that is not green, it is yellowish brown.  try adding brown coloring next time not black
Or you could go to the store and buy a 2 litre bottle for $1.19
This guy didnt give credits to senku from which the video was stolen from..
The fact that it’s not that hard to make is amazing 🥴🥴🥴
I’m not making it but it’s fun to watch
While drinking Coca-Cola i searched for "Coca-Cola recipe at home"...but I'm never gonna try it😁
Fake
Alternative video title: How to summon a mentalist
Am i the only one looking for someone who has tried it in the comments?
Yeah imma go to 711 instead
He forgot the coke... the other coke...
Is it legal?
who else went here cause of dr.stone anime
im here because i'm watching the anime dr. stone 😂
Now we know how to make coke
3:55 500 ml of lime juice?
Kool video do you have one of Mountain Dew soda
🥤My favourite part of this is that is part of an Emilie Simon playlist...
Just found this after watching Dr Stone.
Thanks Dr Stone.
I can't seem to get the oil to work, 5 TBS of coconut oil and the M&P'd ingredients on low for 30 minutes and the oil came out flavorless
Looks pretty good. Thanks for sharing. God bless
I rather walk to the store then do this to drink a coke
No this didn't come in my recommend. I searched it.
Good jo b lol  Lol
buy a coke dude
What, no kola nut? No coca leaves? Pretty sure the original recipe had those.
What did the librarian say to the student    ... Read more
Every man of culture researching, so that if u get petrified after getting turned into stone, you can make cola for white haired friend
You can make your cola with different oils and do not need to use the oils that people recommend.
Instructions unclear I made cocaine  Edit: Adding sugar is more profit
I've heard that the original color of coke was in fact green
Why do you sound like matpat lol
I was expecting it to be white and powdery
DEAR FRIENDS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             If you are drinking ROSELLE TEA REGULARLY.  please fill the  *A SURVEY for MASK LESS WORLD WITHOUT FEAR. & ROselle TEA( Hibiscus Tea) on scientific basis.  https://forms.gle/fwtS191ohTuTodTA7  Namasthe.          As We are seeing  the effects of life and wealth loss for the past 6 months and it will take a few more months to years to recover from COVID-19.  The mask is the problem to prevent progress in every aspect. But the MASK is inevitable to avoid COVID19 and its financial impact.       It came to my notice from wikipedia that ROSELLE TEA  (   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roselle_(plant)  )      may block SARS Cov2 BY BLOCKING the Human ACE2 RECEPTORS.         So many things claimed to protect from COVID-19 in  various places including from India. Fortunately  Roselle tea is published in “US pubmed” regarding this Roselle tea. It is useful in influenza and so.  (     https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/31620998/      )              Will ROSELLE TEA block NOVO CORONA VIRUS2? Difficult to say. But simple questionnaire will give us the clue. Let us discuss the thing.              ROSELLE Tea is the one used to be taken regularly by the people in some countries like Mexico Panama Egypt ect.. Those people can give us feed back for this question.  If they got COVID 19 even if they are drinking Roselle tea regularly means it is useless against SARS CoV2.  IF  they did not get covid19 even though their family members and their neighbour got it then this survey will give us the CLUE to think about it.    My video will give you the links and QR code as reference.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTk0G4mOKk0      I tried to send this letter to the Indian government. All state government health concerned authorities. All countries health authorities. Including USA CDC. WHO. GERMANY ITALY. BRAZIL EGYPT etc.. Lufthansa. Alitalia.etc.. so far i did not get single reply. I tried all these 5 months from April 2020.    I was so exited when i gone through  literature. All the correspondence through the email addresses.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            https://forms.gle/fwtS191ohTuTodTA7      It may be 100% worth or else some clue. but it is worth a survey. It costs nothing, no research. No vaccine. no injection. No tablet required except simple survey.    Thank you.      Jai Hindh. Dr manohar chalavadi Eye specialist. INDIA
Instead of tons of sugar Use orange :)
Dang, too much work. So glad I have a 7-11 around the block from me. =)
P E P S I I S B E T T E R
do you know this about cola finding? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxjxspXzVZQ
This is much more complicated than the one I learned from Dr Stone. That one is just cilantro, lime zest, caramel honey, and carbonated water
Ive always wanted To make cola my self and with the rawest possible materials. Im surely gonna leave the food colouring out!
In the beggining you sound kinda like kirk hammett from metallica
I looked this up just in case 2020 brings in the apocalypse for next month I can have coke.
you forgot to add the cocaine
Just incase the whole humanity gets stoned and somehow got revive and will use this recipe so I can taste it again. (Yeah its Dr. Stone)
Where is the Kola nut?
DO NOT USE RUBBING ALCOHOL, that should be obvious... yes the alcohol will evaporate but as little as 8oz can be deadly, you can literally use beer since it’s already carbonized and bitter it will just blend in with the lemon zest.
I have a cannabis freak variety thats made up of nerolidol(woody) and limonene(limey sometimes) and smells like coca cola to the T. So i know you need R-limonene and there is this sweet mashmellow type terpene too but im working on figuring this one out. Might come from taro root.
Neroli is hella expensive!    And smells sooo good!
What's the black syrup at the end? If it is the spicy thing, why is it black? Last time I saw it it was yellowish
I’m watching this in the zombie apocalypse, while my phone is charging in the solar powered house.. we made coke 😄
this will help you cook easy love it!!
wheres the cocaine
How didi you do the carbonation?
1 lime is not 500ml
There’s a anime named dr stone in one of the episodes the main character makes soda and explains how to make it and it only takes 4 ingredients
others: wow thats totally working me: wheres the cocaine
Absolutely fake. He didn’t add any cocaine. Everyone knows that’s the key ingredient.
dude, focus ur camera. im goimh to need glasses after watching this
Just read the ingredients. Done.
put all the ingredients with water instead of oil in a whipping siphon and ad nitrous-cartridges. shock them with the gas give it a shake and let it stand for 20 minutes. that should infuse the aromas in the water with lightning speed and your done without oil and alcohol. let me know if it works.
Plot twist: the ice is meth
Don't forget the secret ingredient ;)
WHY THE FUCK DO WE WATCH THIS WE CAN MAKE SODA FROM DR STONE ANIME HAHAHAHAHAHAH SENKU MAKE THAT LIKE A GOD DAMNG BOSS
A cooking channel without obnoxious voices and overused music? That also goes straight to the point? Am I dreaming?
If you're going to go to the expense and work of making your own Cola, you'd use kola nuts somehow.
interesting.
Sounds like much healthier version of coca cola
This is cool and everything but Senku does it better.
When is the next season of Dr stone coming out?
Senku Cola from Dr. Stone is Calling
*goes to buy bottle of coke*
Just get a fucking dollar 🤣
Anyone else getting a "Dr.Stone" vibe? Lol
What the fuck dude you went through all that trouble to make the syrup and then you didn't even carbonate it if it's not carbonated it's not good
that is not water because there are fizzing
I HAVE A REALLY GOOD IDEA OF  HOW TO MAKE COKE  FIRST : BUY SPRITE SECOND: ADD BLACK COLOUR  YAYAYYYY COKE IS READY            Guys this is a joke !
The cola part, from the Kola nut, provides the caffeine and a bitter note to the taste.
I remember eating lemon loaf and saying that it tastes exactly like Coca Cola
Quarantine has led me to:
You sound like Quackity
I think it’s just easier to buy cola lol
Nice
DIY IS TAKING OVER!!!
I tried to make home made oxi cotton and they sent me to jail
you forgot cocaine though :(
I just attempted this recipe using gum arabic and I have input: It required about 10g of the stuff before I realised that adding more was having no more effect. It combined with the oil to form a thick paste without combining it with the water, had to be microwaved to combine even partially. There were oil droplets still visible in final product. Would not recommend.
THE THUMBNAIL CHANGED AND CAPITALIZED TEXT DIDN'T.
How long does this syrup last
How much gum arabic needs to be used?
who is drinking a coke rn and too lazy to do this.
I just did this, cooking the second round of oil atm and i f'd up the emulsion, so the first bottle has a suboptimal mixing and maybe traces of vodka left...
Ishigami senku teach me how to make cola
Back in 2000 Sobe had Sobe essentials Qi Jing and Shen. The originals we're refreshing. Today I was excited to see Qi ...But Shen is now Orange flav and jing is soy based.....I'd love to make at home Qi Jing and Shen from 2000.
600 GRAMS OF SUGAR?!
the 4.7k dislikes are from boomers, nice recipe bro appreciate it!
no
https://youtu.be/uVqVQC8D2lI
Cola : Less than 10 pounds | This : More than 10 pounds
5 seconds in that's orange soda not coke. Flagged.
You forgot the phosphoric acid. Not all colas have it, but the better ones do.
So this is basically diet coke
Am, I the only one who searched for this??
dr stone
I wish you were my friend.🙃😔
Nice
This is surprising to me all the  natural flavourings why is real coke so bad for people if it's healthy stuff
I was literally thinking today how possible would it be to make Cola from scratch and then your video came up in my suggestions.... spooky!  Thanks for making the video though 😊👍
I tryed this and it tasted great just like the original 👍❤️💯🔥
Good thing Karen has essentiall oils around
How to make clear cola tho..
Hi diabetes
This makes me want cola so bad
I wonder what he gonna do with the herbs mixed with coconut oil and then emulsified by alcohol. it missing
Dr. Stone brought me here
Dummy decided to look up “ how to make a coke” Well I hope you’re not on the FBI watchlist now
this VIDEO IS SHIT go get a life
Ok senku
If you had set up Amazon Affiliate links to the ingredients (like Kaffir Lime Leaves), you could have gotten some money out of me, including a like and subscribe. Please fix this to get all three. Also, if your channel is set up as a company, LLC (or, even a DBA), you can write off all the ingredients, effectively making all of your ingredients free.
No. The Kaffir lime leaves are a substitute for the Coca leaf that is usually used by Coca-Cola,  but hard to get in stores.
You will need this if everybody turned into stone and need help from the man inside the enemy base who loves cola
What, no Kola Nut?
this shit looks like its from Pou
You can eat essential oil???
interesting! thanks
Coke is bad for you
I did it, but had some trouble with the emulsion, it worked for a bit, but then the mix just solidified to a buttery texture. Is alkohol % important? Do I need really strong alcohol? I used soju, becsuse it was all I had, I think it's a little lower %
Where were/are the US soft drink championships held? In COLArado.
idk why, when he say essential oil WD40 keeps popping in my mind
But where is the coke
flavonoid
Has anyone actually made this?
gut ersatz
How about Cola without sugar, erytrol for example?
dr.pepper next?
Came here for coke Left with 2 ice cubes
This Is Exhilarating
those are some trippy music choices
This is good because I can't leave my goddam house
Yeah here you go. Save 99 cents on that coca cola. WTF? Explain.
Recipe unclear, accidently made me horny
ThanK you for this video! I have always been fascinated by the smell and flavor of cola. It’s not any 1 specific thing like Spirte, or ginger ale. Kind of elusive.   Any tips for if I was to make this sugar free, with say stevia? Mostly for the caramelized sugar step
My mom always said "cola is bad for you, it's made of chemicals and COKE(Cocaine)!", I mean yeah, it's not healthy, but it's not like you are eating raw chicken, I don't see any drugs here.
This isn’t what I was after. I guess a drink is good though
did u add caramel colouring to make it look brown
Wow, so much sugar. Im gonna drink more of pepsi max
Admit it. Nobody actually tried this.
They should just say: Put more sugar then water and put more caffeine then sugar
Your forgetting the coke
How to make cake at home
Tipu ah coca cola manede alcohol
Me: Oh nice. I'll make one.   After 6mins...   Me:  *drinks cola from convenience store*
He lost me at oil and alcohol
good work!
Now show us how to make coke from scratch
Rename this to "How Pepsi Was Invented"
Make some random drink,  then   "to give it more realistic colour, i'll be adding some food colouring to it".
who else is here because of the quarantine?
wheres the black tar heroine and pure cocaine
And this is how Ayahuasca was made
THis is so goodh tlaaste lrinke vveitocftroreye vb
You need cola nuts and coca leaf to make the real thing, bro! I've done it. This here sounds like a delicious beverage. I may even make it. You present it very handsomely, but it's not Coca Cola or even Cola.
Liked before watching
Wait, so if we can make coca - cola was at home. Whats coca cola's recipe? Is it just something that alters the taste slightly or something? cause the mad said that it taste virtually the same
I knew the comment section would be pure gold even before i scrolled down.
Coca cola had coca leavea before coca leaves is use dto make cocaine im not lying it was to energize soldiers before
yeah ok, but where is the cocaine
Instructions unclear       Karen: wants my location
He sounds like the odds one out
Wrong coke but still cool video.
can't believe i got here just because of Dr.Stone
Arabic chewing gum
I actually tried to do this but it tasted horrible, idk if i did it wrong
just buy cola and stop wasting your time
This is more expensive you could just buy some cola.
now tell me how to make coca from scratch
dr stone any1
hmm...       _wheres the cocaine_
And on which step is the cocaine coming in play?
Dr.Stone approved !
Moms watching this vid be like: where is the toilet cleaner?😂
Senku Cola
"to give it a more realistic colour, I will be adding some food colouring" Give this man an award.
Hm interesting. *sips soda I bought at a nearby gas station*
If triggers me how he made it black not dark brown
Smh, already has alcohol in it. Might as well add in some of the original things called cocaine
Uh, what about the Kola nut?
Dumb Question. Did you carbonate the water ahead of time?
your music choice is a real downer
howtobasic made a similar video but he made his with coke
Where's the cocaine?
Quarantine recommendations anyone?
How many points on Alchemy skill do you have?
You forgot the most important essential, Baby blood and Cocaine.
Can i make pepsi by your recipe?
add more suger...it's nothing
next time you make this, check out a recipe for oleo sachrum. might help with oil extraction
This didn't make white powder
I thought this was gonna be a HowToBasic video. Still pretty cool though
my nam a jeff
Got lazy on the first step so ight imma head out to buy some coca cola.
SMALL YOUTUBERS WANNA SUPPORT
This is exhilarating
This is extremely relevant now.
i drop a few rosemary and orange essential oil in my bedroom, the smell become cola coincidentally.
No one   Not a single soul   me while scratching my arm: wait wheres the cola
fanta was invented by mixing the leftover ingredients from Coca Cola after ww2, now I understand how that worked
SENKU !!!!!!
just drink enough coke to make this video ?
Incase someone decided to demand a cola when everthing turned back into the stone age
Where's the cocaine
Dis vidio is 1 year ago  Seeing people writing comments 2 weeks ago... Like me lol.
Now a start for my kingdom of science, this is exhilarating
I feel like we take the price of coke for granted after watching this.
Next video : "how to survive kidney failure"
Coke is green? Man I'm quite surprised
The secret ingredient is "crime"
to make Pepsi, use this recipe + add soap lmao
In sweden Cola is a slang for cocaine...
I thought it had pork fat or something in it? 🤔
the fuck are the annoying sounds
3:04, DID SOMEBODY SAY MOONSHINE? RDR2 flashback!!😎😎😎
i wish this was never invented. Most unhealthiest drink ever made !
Nice, but where's the cocaine?
I have 7X tree in my back garden.
Flavor lab: *Make's cola out of scraps*     Also Flavor: *reads ingredient's of coke*
I am disappointed by the fact that cocaine isn’t in here
Dude.. you sound like Antony Kos, the creator of BOTO.
I am 100% sure that no one who watched this actually made this
i thought the title said cola with scotch lol god dam Corona virus!
i think your forgot to add carbonation and cocaine
Thank you for proving Coke is healthy!
I thought this was a how to basic video
very cool, I always wondered what cola was supposed to taste like, like was it chocolate or cocoa or something else? this answered it, citrus with spices. very interesting
Coca cola company wants to know your location👀👁
Can you make a longer Cola video with better step by step?
трэш конченый
Ты можешь по русски говорить? я ничего не понимаю. что за листья ? на что я смотрю?
https://przepisy443633350.wordpress.com/
So where the cocaine?
I was looking for a comment that says It works or not :D
Hey, we have the same scale.
Fun fact: No one searched for this
I would rather buy a coca cola from the store
Wheres the coke?
This is nothing like cola... you didn't use artificial ingredients.
Man just said 500ml is ONE LIME!?
Am i the only one who likes pepsi over coca cola??
This man has cracked the secret recipe
IMPORTANT NOTE:   I understand that colas have ingredients on their labels.  But, if I were to guess what are the actual ingredients in cola, I would say that it's coffee, carbonated water, a little caramel flavor and sugar.  Obviously the coffee has caffeine.  So to do the drink with my guess recipe, you can't overdo it with too much coffee or carbonated water. The amounts of each ingredients has to be played with until the right flavor is reached.  Your welcome world.
ignore caramel making instructions.   Never mix or stir.  Or you end up with the crystally mess that he had.
Dr.stone
_hey that's illegal! :/_
At first it would seem as if he was cooking meth🤔
Wait am I the only one that didn’t know that u don’t have to put water in with the sugar to melt it😂😂
you can do all this shit or you can buy a coke for 99c
I once mixed blackberry and lemon juice with water and it tasted similar to cola :/
Another way how to make cola: -get in your car -go the the grocery store -buy some cola -leave and drink in car or at home
...or you can grab a 90c 1 litre bottle of Coke from Aldi
He forgot about the special ingredient 😉
why does he sound like xeetechcare
This coke tastes like pepsi.
it tasts more like some honey in water with some lemon!
Just what I need for this quarantine.
There's no kola in this? Does kola nut contain the caffeine portion.? You did say it had no caffeine. Also, how much caffeine would be typical?
I finally know how to make cola. Thanks. I can start selling this next time when I time travel back in history.
The problem with the coconut oil is that when it cools down, it solidifies.
so um, .... what about the kola nut?  i thought that was where the cola part came from?  so you are telling me the name is completely wrong?  that is has neither coca nor cola?
this is the future
*The Coca-Cola Company would like to know your location*
Next episode: How to cook your own uh ... Sudafed ;-)
What can i subsitute for the crack-cocaine
FBI OPEN UP
I thought this was howtobasic until you started talking
you forgot to add the cocaine from the traditional recipe
or instead of spending your whole day trying to make one glass of coke you can just go to the store and by one in like 5 min.
In our shops they write to orange (ALDI ) : dont eat the orange peel because contain poison.... and you make from cola Congrat.
i can buy cola at the store
So this is where Senku learned it
I have seen this in my recommended for over amonth and resisted temptation. today, I gave in
i thought cola was brown
Saw the thumbnail and immediately thought of Dr. Stone.
Good voice.
You mad lad! Tremendous.
see the video  me: i wanna make this sees the ingredients me again: nope nervermind
I was like, 'Oh damn, coke's actually kinda healthy...' Then the sugar came out in bulk
Euros? Isn’t he American
No one :  Not a single soul :  YouTube : yes. Recommend 1 yearater
Make me a favor, make a drink out of concentrated pancake syrup and tank me for creating cocacola.
Where is the eggs? Oh wait this is not How To Basic!
Is it rubbing alcohol?
I thought Coca-Cola took down this video.
this is senku cola
Why am I watching this knowing I’ll never do this in my whole entire life
can't you just fucking buy it
the reason it tasted off is because you forgot the cursed sugar
Okay "How to make Cola" check. Next up, soap, wine, nitric acid, antibiotics, cotton candy, cell phones, and steam power. Then I will be ready for the Stone World.
it will cost more the easiest way is to go to a shop and buy a cheap coke
How to make "Coke" would have  definitely put you on some watchlist. XD
Pepsi or coke
Does anyone actually try this?
Why isn't this white and why is it a liquid.Wrong video. Nice recipe btw
Him: I don't believe that cola's actual color was green   *Mountain Dew has left the chat*
You forgot cocaine
Well definitely not making that thank you
I want the kind of lime that gives 500ml of juice
so this is how they make C&C soda
"first step is get 10 lbs of cocaine"
I feel like buying some pepsi
a video on how to make cola that doesnt taste like cola....
But how does it carbonate?
black sprite
We can make Coke, Fries, Big Mac, pizza Etc in our home, But we Won't, We'll order a delivery food, And you know it, but is good to know
Ishigami Senku was watching this video before the petrification happened
He forgot to add the forbidden sugar to it, that's why it tasted off.
Where u get your limes as to get 500ml from 1 is amazing
Just go buy a bottle of Coca-Cola lol
I'm here beacuse of Senku's Cola... Humm It seems delicious at 10 000 000 000 % !
Just buy it
Wow. Liked your video so much.
Go to the store much cheaper
Me: drinks coke  Recommended
or just buy a can of coke for like 75 p
o no please oh god what have I been drinking all these years
Alcohol= hand sanitizer
Isn't it called *Senku* Cola?
go to Convenience store and buy cola
@Flavour lab u forgot Ginger
i love coke! oh yeah coca-cola is pretty good too
where the cocaine at
Who also got this for their recommendation?? HAHAHAH
Prefer buying it ....
Week 3 in quarantine. I've watched all my favorite YouTubers already. Time to watch a video on how to make Cola, which I will never do myself
umm, i,ll rather just buy a can of cola directly from the store
💀: That Glass Became A *Crack Head*
Who also came here trying to learn how to make cocaine?
I just bought the real thing. Saved myself a lot of money and tons of time.
-Me knowing Spanish-  *HOW TO MAKE A BUTT!?*
Ten billion percent awesome.
thats so much sugar lol
5:35 you forgot to put in the cocaine. That's why it doesn't taste exactly the same.
Me realizing i don’t have the stuff to make this
*Yes, youtube is recommending videos on how to make homemade coke so i wont have to leave my house to buy coke at the supermarket because of the coronavirus*
SENKU IS THAT YOU?
you forgot the cat piss my dude
Hou missed the cocaine
Thats some gourmet type of shit
Perfect video to recommend to me during the pandemic. Thanks, strange YouTube algorithm.
Ill just buy the soda.
better just buy one
A easier way streel a coke Machine
..or you can go to the shop and buy a bottle for £2.00
Doesn’t work for me, tried it with alcohol and gum arabic. Both didn’t emulsify the oil..
Dr Stone level goodness
senku-can ?
oh damn that much sugar? :o
This got recommended during my Quarantine.
The dislikes are from pepsi’s fake accounts
I would do this but I can’t be fucked so I might as well buy it already made
When you cant outpizza the hut so you outcola the coca
I’m getting some Dr.Stone flashbacks
me: mom i want coke  my mom : we have coke at home  coke at hom :
Yo I am still waiting for you to tell me how many tbsp of cocaine I should put in
Senku soda in the modern age
is soda water club soda? carbonated water? am i splitting hairs here? i'm tnot trying to. i dont know anything about that stuff....so far the only ingredient i havent seen in the supermarket is the citric acid powder....
i thought he'd troll
Sarap
Plot twist: The cocaine was in the ice
Why was i thinking this is nontalking asmr that makes no sence but is sf
Or we go to the store
I'm watching this knowing damn well I'm not going to do it
sosoruze kore wa
That cup is dope af
Essential oils are poisonous don't drink essential oils
Coke isn’t black
Anyone else hear that subtle ringing sound in the background?
Exactly the same color...
i think no one wants to make this they came to this video because curiosity of how to make cocaine
Seeing the title, i thought this is HowToBasic's video.
I thought cola was a nut?
Where is the cocaine
I ain't gonna spoil your life,but if you put a nail into a glass of coca cola and let it 2 weeks inside you'll see the results it does to metal(the nail).
He left the cocaine out becuase this is cola not Coca Cola
This is probably WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY healthier  than actual cola
Serrup?
i kinda have a little respect for this drink now. at first. in my mind. coke cola is just sugar sugar sugar. but now. seeing a lot of effort was put in. next time when i drink coke.  i will remember this process!
Ah yes, u can't go outside for buying a can of coke then u make   A man of intellectual he is
Hold up today I just finished Dr Stone what the frick
This video got more likes than subs he has
Literally no one is going to try this
Thought this was a how to basic video
Somehow this is in my Recommended.
Seeing as everyone is joking about “Coke” *someone hook me up with some*
I didn't search for this, I don't watch videos like this. Why is it in my recommendations? Not that I won't watch tho
[Edit] yea ok I watched the root beer video and he said he added Carbonated Water, I assume that was the same this time aswell       ok so im probably just blind but how was the final product carbonated?
who else drinking cola while watching this
I’ll just get a can for ¢50
This guy just cracked the coca cola secret formula
-Your video will play after the ad- _Ad loads in about 3 mins_ *Me:* Now I can watch the video _Second Ad loads for 5 mins_ *Me* What the Sh** _Video takes half an hour to play_ *Me* Exits the video
Wasting 30 min to make the drink just go buy it
Instructions unclear,  joined the Italian Mafia.
senku:
Great vid! Why black?
Whos here before 7mil views?
It didn't taste the same because you forgot the buffalo sperm.
YouTube what's this??? You want me to be a chief YouTube is that what you mean
Senku
Where’s the coke?
Coca Cola used cocaine in their drink in the early years, where's yours?
YOU FORGOT COCAINE
2:30 Water and oil don't repel each other. They don't mix with each other.
4:00 500mL or one lime's worth of lime juice.   let me stop you right there.
I’m practicing to be a voice actor and I used this and muted it to do a live voice over and at 5:14 I got myself weak by saying “now we have an... inky brine of a beverage...” then when you poured it I went “mmmmm, ink” and got myself weak. That is all
Ummm..  nah i am good, i will buy cola.   disclaimer: no one asked btw
Are you trying to find a Doctor stone Comment?
I’m willing to spend $2.....
0:36   OOOPS! Wrong tutorial..my bad! Yet my friend found it helpfull.
I tried to made this and ended up making vodka.
who miss the weighing part  ;)
I find the ingedience in area 51
yeah then Senku comes
Oh godammit just buy a freaking soda for dollors it would taste much better than this (It only cause dollors than waiting an hour)  Not trying to be mean 😂
Me at 3am knowing damn well I wont make this
This is the kind of video you never knew you wanted to watch until it came up in your recommended
Hey dude you must be senku and your friend is gen
Coca cola wants to know your location
I have a question for the inventor of the “Cola”  How the fuck did you come up with that idea, dude?  You’re genius but weird.....
What about all of the chemicals that are on the back of the can also that is alot of sugar damn think of a gram of weed now imagine 700 of them shits
Instructions unclear; made Pepsi.
You can make coke from Dr stone recipe
*FBI OPEN UP*
Coca-Cola wants their recipe back..
I’m surprised YouTube recommended this now instead of 9 years into the future
Coke-Cola wants to know your location
Coka cola punching the air right now :(
*ESSENTIAL OILS*
Senku is scared
Damn i love coke. I am talking about the drink of course.      Or am i?
I dont have any other material in here.... *So I poured a soy sauce in a glass cup then added 3 ice cubes* *VUAH LAHHH* *A salty cola everyone*
don't forget the original ingredient... cocaine
Just ask senku
video almost killed me, was about to use rubbing alcohol
You forgot the cocaine smh noob
Which step do you add cocaine?
Did anyone else really make this?
or you can go to the store spend 64 cents and buy a 2 liter
Mans on that Dr.stone shit
Cola: why are we losing money This dude: me
WHAT THE F************
us in 2020 of january and february: WHY THE FUCK WOULD WE DO THIS THIS IS POINTLESS    us march 2020:     thanks for something to finally fucking do
*Me when my Coca Cola addict family runs out during quarantine:*
Right  1. Pour acid into a cup your done
Hello, Dr. Stone fans out there.
i pref store's cola :P
i thought it said cola from stomach
Literally every comment: COkE WoOW It SoUndS lIKe CocaINE GET IT? FUNNY?
How to Make Cola    Secret Formula: It didn't say Coca
Or you. Could just pay a dollar for one
When me and bois in quarantine six feet away from each other
Ha I am drinking a pepsi right now.
Who is here because of Dr. Stone?
CoCa-cola wants to know your location
Senku?????
Who watching in quartine?
Okay Youtube, you win. I give up. I'll watch this video you've been recommending to me for the past month.
*Senku Cola flashbacks*
Nobody  People who watched Dr.Stone: 😱
It was prety easy I just went to the store and got one I dont know why he didn't did the same.  No jk but nice
little did we know he made the original recipe with coke/cocaine in it.
I be bored as hell watching this shi 😂
It's better than buying cola😂
Instead of this, you can just buy a $1 coke can
Can you also make the Non Carbonated Version?
The secret recipe is revealed!!!!!
You forgot the cocaine
coke was alote easier to make in my day oh wait
Orrrrrrrrr. Just go to a godamn grocery store and get a full box 🤔
No kola nut. No cola.
Senku cola
Dr.Stone anyone? iykyk ;)
How to make sprite      EZ. JUST LEMON AND LIME  oh, with *_W A T E R_*
I want senku cola (only people who watch dr.stone will know what that means)
Who is watching the video and drinking cola?
did pepsi watch this?
Dr.Stone
_when you clicked on this video thinking you're going to learn how to make the other kind of coke..._ that's okay, it was still really fascinating and i learned some... science... _now back to google..._
I whould rather to buy a cola from store
80% of the same flavonoid compound.. my god
Why bother your bollox
i accidentally clicked on this because i thought it was a howtobasic video
Me: Mom can we buy Cola Mom:We have Cola at home Cola at home:
This recipe is 10 billion percent exhilarating!!
Dr.​Stone like​ TO​ see​ this​
better just buy at shop
If you crack the code Coke puts a hit on you.
Who else is just watching the tutorial but not actually doing it??
Why are my cola from this tutorial is have a yellow colour?
So here we are day 7 of quarantine and I am getting such recombinantions🤞
Did someone say my name?
he probably can make a human with 70grams of orange peel and 20grams of stupidity
cause your missing the key ingredient
Why am I watching these useless videos, oh I have no life
of course it didn't taste the same... you forgot coca leaves... that's why you call it coke
ah so quarantine has brought us all here now fascinating...
Senku watched this before he made one for Gen
I always thought I could taste a bit of cinnamon in my cola.
Use cocaine to add an original feel
That is dope
I'm watching this at 3 12
Nobody:  YouTube recemimadations at three in the morning:
Really good to know.... heaven help me if I can’t get my p....!
*drink it*
I think ima run to dollar general real quick...
Thank you recommended.
Where's the cocain?
Wear a mask coka cola
I like how he explained everything Like were really gonna make this
Dr. Stone fans wya?
How did you know the secret recipe if we didn't storm area 51 ?   Are you an alien or something ?
Just go to Georgia and you have some cola
Fun fact cola means ass, so if you love cola and ass there you go.
hold up... you get half a liter out of a single lime ???? wow 3:57
Its was recommended
Dr. Stone wants to know your location
senku is that you?
I'm 10 billion percent sure this will work.
where’s the cocaine
Can I know the things needed to consider to store large amount of syrup? By the way, amazing video. 🥺
My thoughts after seeing the crazy amount of steps needed to make coke.  I'm just going to buy a can of coke 😂
SENKU CHAN!!!
No one really known's the coca cola ingredients, its an area 51 case!!!🤔
Where do you live that you have an American accent and pay with euros?
be honest, someone really tried this?
The cola from the dollar store because that's were I get it
The power of mass production... I never knew it was this complicated to make cola
I thought you had to add cocaine. Rip off 1 star
You're missing the logo only, that's why it didn't taste the same
how did u make if fizzy?
FBI OPEN UP!
Anyone else hear the creepy voice in the background at 5:28?
*The FBI wants to know your location!*
"Im gonna use the Moonshine"
make Dr.Pepper
How much did it cost to make the coke?
You forgot the part where they add cocaine
pinch of heroin
Arrest this man
1:06 - South Africans be like: (O_o)
You forgot the coca leaves and kola nuts!
Who else is watching while drinking cola
Its just pop up so i clicked
Coca-Cola and Pepsi will copy strike this video
Senku from Dr.Stone did it first ._ .
So you dont use coke? Wow TIL
I was listening to lana del rey and then I thought I wanna know what it taste like🤭
i cant get over the fact hes saying essensal oils, i keep thinking just a karen watching this vid and then realising coke has lots of oils so they just start rubbing coke on the child
Where's Ginger?
https://youtu.be/f-zpTfvJqbQ
fbi open up
You made Coke style flavoring.  Coke isn't cola.  Coke has never been a cola, despite the false name. Cola is made from cola nut extract.  That's why Coke and real colas like Pepsi and RC have a much different taste. You could just buy cola nuts online and make real cola flavoring, instead of trying to find all these stupid ingredients.
How to Make Cola with lower cost :  just go to the store and Buy one
It's 3 a.m. but here i am watching how to make cola
You can do this or you can go to the nearest store and buy it cheap and with less effort Lol 😂😂
Don't forget the Kola bean. Grown in Africa
Pepsi Coca Cola 7-Up : SON What Are You Drinking? Me:Umm Cola? :*slups* This Is Not A Ordinary Cola Looks At The Kitchen SON!! *SHOTGUN COCKS* ME:AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
It's like woman's orgasm is better than sex...
Wait what kind of coke...
g u m
Dr stone had me covered
We didn't search for this,    but yeah here we are.
when should I add the cocaine?
damn...migth as well make some crack too
Are u senku?
Best time to make some cola
Me spending hours making this concoction that almost tastes like Coke or simply buying a 2 liter bottle of Coke......Hmmm, decisions, decisions.
uhm, Imma just head down and buy some easy prepared cola
That's a lot of sugar
but did u put some cocaine? follow the original recipe
Step one=buy a cola
What Cola is not cold when made :( they lied to me..
yep shit video
No ginger???
Anyone watching in quarantine??        Stay safe and stay inside guys
Dr. Stone made cola from literal scratch  :P
i could just buy a cola without doing so many things
I think this is almost the same as in the anime Dr. Stone.
where is acid? :D
where the fuck do I get a gram of starfire?
I tried this and...........its total garbage
yeaaaaaah...... i'll just buy it
thumbnail: make a cola from scratch   me: scratcthes 1 minute laerter.: aybh yes cola yes mn nice
I have to make it by myself now and I also have nothing less confusion to do at home in this quarantine since Coca-Cola says it has temporarily paused to prevent the virus’s spread
I only drink Mexican Coke. I drink nothing with corn syrup garbage. This recipe doesnt sound too good. Bersides youre cheating by using soda water.
I think i would never do this,why? Cuz if i buy those ingredients why cant i just get cola
i came to look for the comments, they always find a way to roast ANYTHING and im not dissapointed jesus
Im pretty sure Senkuu have watched this video
How I'm gonna spend my quarantine days
CEO of using Euros than DOLLARS
I thought he was gonna make the cup too from scratch...disappointed
The music is fucking creepy
I clicked thinking he did the same as Senku. lololol
So that’s what I drink
Pepsi has entered the chat..  Coca-Cola Has left the chat..
I'm 10 billion percent sure that you didnt search this video
感觉还不如板蓝根哈哈哈
nice video...
bro at 4:02 that scared me so much
your missing the cocaine
the most fragile alliance...
is this the real senku ishigami? XD
We’re with the IRS
Just be honest     You didn’t search for this
Nigga on sum Dr.Stone shit
so this is soda correct?
But the main ingredient is cocaine
its like breaking bad without the bad
Lame. Where’s the cocaine??
Well, i have the cola... now let's search for the coke
You can use all oil 9yearoldkhed:oK mY dAdDy oIl FoR hIs TRuCk
Turn the volume up at 5:20... Am I hearing robot ghosts?
You forgot the cocaine dude
Soooooo Does this actually taste like cola??
Need to make the recipe from the Dr. Stone anime xD!
Make some wine next either fancy or prison will be good.
Well now that I can't buy one because of the virus who knows...
Title should be changed to How Add Flavors To Carbonated Water.
coke uses corn syrup, not sugar...
isnt this illegal
I think I found the new Senku
If you want more lime juice roll the lime around and cut it and squeeze as more juice will be released
Never gonna use this in life, still gonna watch tho
Next can you show us how to make foxtail millet ramen?
Instructions unclear, currently having turf war with the Mexican cartel.
Now make a video of how to make Coca
Watched it already, it was recommended to me again, watched it again.
Now how I can make the coke
wheres the cocaine
where's the COCAIN, LA COCAINA, THE WHITE DUST? WHERE IS IT?
Guy: Prediction: you didn’t search this  I searched this because dr stone
saw this in my recommendation rn and its kinda weird that i was thinking of softdrinks before watchinh this. algorithims are scary
Why cola have alot of sugar ?  Its so unhealthy i feel bad for kids drinking it 24/7
We need to add cocaine because people are addicted
95% of people will only  watch the video because it's too hard to do
Now, i wanna taste that
annndd thats it ,taste like a shit.
Dr stone fans wya
Whoever actually made this...I want u to take a deep breathe and look at ur self...  JUST GO GET ANY COLA FROM A STORE
"FBI open up"
Watched this video. Got impressed. Went to market. Bought a Coke. Played next video.
Instructions unclear, made crack cocaine...
So u mean all the work for only one cup of cola?! i mean... i rather buy it lol
The amount of sugar lowkey disgusted me
He: made out of alcohol   Me: *drinks* coke 10 times a day
Pg works to hold flavor
Dont forget the coke, kids!
Wow all this for cola i never knew.
1:09 I thought that was a tooth lmao
i thought this was april fools
This is rlly good when your in a quarantine BECAUSE you can't go out and buy a soda
aaaaaaa i feel like it would be easier to walk to the store and-
who else thought....."Dr. Stone"????
why this video show and show up again into my homepage
Thanks but not thanks. Dr stone has  already taught us how to make cola.
Bruh I thought its a secret recipe
Breaking Bad but Walter White just makes bootleg soda instead of meth
Where’s the coca tho?
Pepsi Ad starts immediately..
quarantine got me here
Gen is proud of you. M
Instructions unclear, accidently made the power puff girls
I just finished Dr.Stone like youtube knows whatbi was at
*Accidentally bought coke instead of the ingredients*
Am I the only one that found this difficult to watch because of it being so zoomed in?
great :) thx :)
never drink  cola again
2 much time and effort. I'd rather buy it :P
This is literally the most generic cola possible
Me: Mom I want some cola Mom: We have cola at home  Cola at home
the best and reliabel method is to purchase the cola from market
You’re missing the COCAine that’s why it taste different.
How to make cola: Go watch dr stone
It doesn’t taste like perfect Coca-Cola coz you forget the main ingredient Cocaine
It's day 25 of quarantine
or u could buy one just that e.z
You guys know the original coca cola had real cocaine in it 😂😂😂 cocaine leaves and etc
Heyyyyy, that really tasted FAR better than Pepsi, Coke, etc
You forgot the coffee!
Senku Approves
instructions unclear, got arrested for making illegal pepsi
Senku brought me here
Making coke from scratch should start with creating H20 molecules
But I haven’t tried cola yet
How is it carbonized?
just buy a coke.
Sorry I was looking for the 1800s Coca Cola ingredients
Watching this video with mountain dew in hand
DR Stone bring me here
Ahh, I’ll just go to Costco and get them for 20 cents a pop.
Jugaad
this is rocket science
FBI has joined chat 😂😂
Instructions uncler, accidently made a drug
And this kids how you make real coca cola now everyone can stop buyingit and making it at home! recipe is out!
4:50 Coke is green :U CONFIRMED! Thanks for the video.
sosurase koreva ;)    //This is exhilarating
carbonation is the key here
"Imma go to bed early tonight,"   *Me at 3am:*
Lmao! this guy doesn’t know that you can go to a store and get some!
So I have been drinking oil my whole life.
Instructions unclear, accidentally got Corona instead
i need it for quarantine.
Oh wow dr.stone was actually accurate about making cola which is awesome!
Normally for my coke I use the powdered stuff it’s really good!
He is the former student of Walter White.  🤣
Cola isn't black, bro. It is dark reddish-brown.
I accidently missed one of my ingredients and mine tasted like dog shit
Wait, the recipe does not contain smashed and burned eggs?   Disappointed.
2 billion percent
*only the essentials during quarantine*
Your forgot the most important ingredient: cocaine
U forgot the cocaine
Instructions unclear, made jesus blood
🤦🏾‍♀️ I made Dr.Pepper
Cocaina
Translate cola to spanish😂
Coca Cola would like to know your location
Interested in making one but while watching this video, I already bought a litre of coke and drank half of it and the video still isn't finished
So uhh ... You forgot the coca leaf/cocaine
U make soda sound like a healthy drink
Who else is watching this in bed with a fridge in their hand at 3:48am?
No
*Coca Cola Company™️ wants to know your location*
Holly shit this dude just made coke, we are on a whole new level people
Main ingredient: Sulfuric Acid
Anyone else fuckin hate this shit but watched anyway
For a nicer brown colour I’d recommend using green and red food colouring together
this is like cola for vegan hipsters
No way could Dr.stone found all those ingredients
Forgot the main ingredient: cocaine
There's a lot less cocaine than I imagined...
Day 18 of quarantine, I confused 2 ice cubes that were floating on top of a glass of coke for an ass, send help
Just spend $1 on a can, why waste so much money on this shit
Step one: buy coca cola Step two : overthrow the government
Honestly regular Cola bought is less money than making it and it tastes better
Plot Twist: He secretly used coca leaves in the mixture.
LOL!  "Euros"???
Him:let’s make cola Senku : hold my science
I've watched this video like 7 times already. I do not know why.
No! No, no, no! Essential oils are not made for consumption!!!! They are not the same as extracts and can make you sick or worse!!!!! Buying an oil for putting on your body as a perfume is fine but never, EVER use an ACTUAL essential oil in your food!! You are EXTRACTING flavor, making it an extract, which is fine, but NEVER CONSUME ACTUAL ESSENTIAL OILS.  https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/ingesting-essential-oils-dangers-poison
Karen drink! Karen drick!
*makes cola from scratch* Coke: ITS TREASON THEN
What happened to the "Cola Nut"?
The weeb energy Emanating from my soul: *Oh yeah.*
The quarantine got you ? Didn't it
Well done big oaf.
I thought you pre rolled some blunts at the beginning
I dont even drink cola.... what am I doing here?
its fake, no coke
whose seeing this during quaritine
need one more thing gasoline
this isn't -cola- it's *coca*
let me guess, this was on ur recommended for no absolute reason and clicked on the video because why not.
Or just buy a can of coke
where is mouse's blood ?
John stith Pemberton wants to know your location..
Senku cola
Dr. Stone Brings me Here!
Me: *Watches gaming videos and music albums* Youtube: Wanna learn how to make coke from scratch?
Its more expensive i will not make i will just buy one
500 ml is definitely more than one lime lol
Too much hassle....rather buy twopacks of coke zero...
so he knows the secret recipe?
I UMM.. OKOK COOL
The ingredients cost more than just going out to the store and buying some Coca-Cola.
why did you use the oil to mix water and oil
That's to much sugar ewww
If you're afraid of 10ml of alcohol you have mental health issues
I'm buying cola in stores it's less stupid, thank you
Perfect, I'll need to Remember this Incase if the COLA Factory Runs out of Storage (Scenario 1: CoronaVirus or, Covid-19) So I'd have Infinite COLA
Ah. So this is how Dr. Stone made it
Too much sugar.
Wait you dont snort this? Oh wrong tutorial then.
The entire youtube community *in quarantine* Youtube : Here is a random suggestion from two years ago because you probably don't have anything productive to do with your time at home and also, you're probably all to lazy to do this. k bye!
Note that down guys, it might be useful 3000 years later.
I wonder who watch "dr stone"" before ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
is it original recipe?
Everyone knows we aren't actually gonna do this.
MR beast why are you cooking?
*doctor stone left the chat*
To be honest, who's actually gonna  make this?😂
Add cocaine next time to have that Coke flavor
can this be confidence cuz i watched this video first like a long time ago and it got poped up today during lockdown, they really wants us to make homemade cola? i mean we're really running out of cola
Anyone remember the commercial from the 80's when the guy with the Caribbean accent lied to us saying the flavor came from the 'Cola nut" ?
Or you could buy at the store for a dollar
Next video : How to make Coca
1. buy cola
Well that’s one way to make Coke.
wait, if you just poured water and the syrup in at the end how does it look so carbonated
what about a root beer recipe?
The real cola doesn't even have these ingredients. It has coke hence called as coke as well.
Now to do nothing with this information
You could do ALL of this...         Or just drink water  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I dont understand, both what he said and why i watch this.
I wanted cola but I can't get due to quarantine YouTube: here ya go son
learned how to make cola from dr. Stone
Don’t worry Even if we turn into stone we still have mr Flavor Lab To help us create cola. Dr stone will be proud.
I think I saw a wizard do this before when everyone turned into stone
I don't even know why this is in my yt recomm tho lmao
I'm actually drinking cola right now
I watched a crack video before this😂😂😂😂
The background music is creepy though.
Is he making cola or fucking cocain
practicality wise... ill just go to seven eleven..
What kind of alcohol?
UNLIMITED COKE?!??!?!?!? Power, mortal should never have.
_Fact:_ *You did not search for this*
Ahh yes Incase everybody turns to stone from the corona
I'm still waiting for my cola
actual Cola costs lesser than this        YouTube : yo this video was recommended
Coca-Cola would like to know your location
Instructions unclear, accidentally got my dick stuck in the microwave.
Nobody:         Me at 1:30 Am: How to Make Cola
this fake : he got the cocaine
Dude did you forget the real ingredient of coca cola its originaly made from coca leaves and cola beans the creator of it was a pharmasict it is acctually for curing headace and the seller of it (not the pharmasict) accidentaly put the syrup in Soda
It should be noted that when choosing an alcohol, do not use isopropyl alcohol. The ones you buy from a store have additives that make it extremely bitter as to prevent the consumption of it.
Sugar, Spice, and everything's Sprite
this reminds me of umaru chan
You suck dude, your recipe sucks. All of these is a waste if time. Why would you do this video?
I can give it to you easier in 2 steps   1. Go to your closest store    2. And buy the damn coke instead of wasting your time and money
I would rather just go and buy cola at the store lmao
Holly shit all this for one glass of cola
6 million watchted zero tried it
*Pepsi has joined the chat*
You're missing the main ingredient my friend; cocaine. Don't worry though, we all know a guy.
ah so we were trying to make syrup on this one. should ask senkuu of how to make the soda
perfect for the Coronavirus
OR..................Just buy a Coke????????????? So much easier..........lol. No offense btw. Watch how to make cheese............It look's like it sucks 1000 times more.........lol
When this thing showed up in my Youtube recommendations, I legit thought it was going to be a how to basic video  Now I am very dissatisfied
When did u add the cocaine?
Recommended in 2020
But I always thought Cola was brown flavour....
WHERE COCAIN AT
You forgot to get the extract of the coca leaf.... that’s the original way
Fun fact: u didn't search for this video
Bruh. Do this but make into tea somehow. Tea-Cola
90% of you probably won't make this
Sooo Coke is basically a really weird tea with lots of sugar? Doesn't sound too bad!   And, is coke actually green with food color?  https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/how-green-was-my-ballyhoo/ hummmmmm... ???
Senku cola
wrong coke chief
doctor stone did it first
* friend calls * "Hey wassup?" Me: * stirring * "Oh just cooking some coke because I can't buy em cos of the quarantine thing going on " "Ohh yeah thats nice" "...." "....." *"Wait wha-"*
or u can just go to mcdonalds.....~Tord
Dr. Coke
With Corona lockout, ima have to make my own coca cola
Watch this guy disappear
forgot the coca leaves
Or u can go to the store and spend 1 dollar to get coke, but wait, there corona virus.....
Otaku’s knew this trick long ago.
Every Weeb knows this already.
Ever watched Dr. Stone
4:56 I hate to break it to ya, but that's not green, that's yellow... should've learned your colors in Pre K
You wante to use karen essentials oils?????
During WWII in the Eastern Front, the Americans gave the Soviets Cola, but General Zhukov who liked Coke, didn't want to be seen drinking a capitalist drink like Cola, so he requested White coloured cola and they actually did it for him. :)
You missed an ingredient
You didnt add caffeine thats why
Or........... u could just buy it
where is the cocaine
Dude you have created RC cola.....   jayanti
*instructions* *scratch* *cola* *sniff finger*
You forgot the C C C C C Cocaineeeee -queens of the stone age reference
I thought this was a HowToBasic video. I am disappointed because I did not see any eggs being thrown around.
10 year old in 1888: Let’s buy a Coke, Mommy  *Travels 132 years in the future*  *Sent to Juvy for Drug Possession*
"Its interesting... cola is pretty much citric acid and a little bit of spice" 😂😂 that made me laugh 👍👍👏👏
remember this because of covid
Brooo all supermarkets world wide have cola and pepsi and buying them is much easier than your whole damn work
Where's the colanut?
This was made a year ago and I get it in my recommended today
How exhilarating
Next time put coke in the title, you'll get more clicks.
Can you make it in this stone world, Senku Chan?
Brothers and sisters, we are united once more by youtube's recommendation algorithm.
"How to Make Cola", more like cola alternative aka pepsi which is still shet
Coca Cola - Quarantine Flavor
Kool...
"We're fighting a guy who punches lions to death and need a mentalist on our side! What do we do?!" *Me (having watched this video):* "Finally. My time has come!"
Just go to ur local market and buy a cola for fucks sake
You sound an awful lot like Primink..
So I make this, add a shit ton of cyanide, and I have the perfect drink to end my quarantine and be free at last.
Make it old school, put some cocaine in it!
2:10 this looks like the stuff in my garbage
or i could just buy cola
you forgot the cocaine
No kola nut?
It’s not the same flavour cause it’s pespsi
FBI: open up!
here i am, bored as fck, sitting in quarantie watching a video how to make cola...
Hey you showed us how to make cola but how bought you tell us how to make coke
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
YouTube is on coke again with my recommendations I see.
Or u could just go to a store and buy some
is it healthy????🤔
Ishigami Senku up in this shit
I thought this was a How to Basic video.
Just, buy a coke...
Cock contains Phosphoric Acid...  this is missing in your preparation.  I am not sure of the citrus fruit being used in the commercial coke.
Forgot the crack
U could use coca leaves also
fat
Quarantined be like:
My recommended: I feel a disturbance in the force!
Who else wants to make a Senku-cola. ;)
I dont wanna make cola, i will buy it. Thank you. Whoever wants to make cola should check themself.
I rather buy a can
Wasted 4 mins waiting for someone to roll up a note.. damn
Dr Stone :)
I press this video and my dissopointments was huge! It was Coca Cola, not the substance referred to  "Cocain."
u know u could just buy a normal one its easier
Doctor stone didn't actually bring me here, the algorithm did.
Now cut it up
did i watch a 5min video with 5 ads???? dislike and spam reported mass advertising
make cola to sell it for a higher price   *DEFINITIVELY STONKS*
i thought you make coke using scrap like metal
scary background mistake
Memes Aside, I tried it And it TASTES FUKKIN GOOD
And where is the coke? and gas?
Why is youtube recommending me this video just now??
Instructions unclear i got arrested for smelling dead peoples hair
Use the old formula:)
im here because of quarantine so i can make it
Senku Is That You?!?!!?
I came to say: cola is a liquid sh*t
Normaies: Watch this     Weebs who have watched Dr.Stone: Pathetic
Hmm, is that a Dr. Stone reference?
Doctor Stone taught me how to do it
Just go and buy 1 😒
You forgot to add in the cocaine like the cola had in the 60’s
Gen would love this.
dont listen to this guy, i ended up making pepsi
Instructions unclear, I accidentally invented an air powered furnace after Earth got petrified after thousands of years.
Instructions unclear, accidentally became a drug lord
I'll call it deadly sugar cola
ive never drink cola before, cause im not a scrub, i drink pepsi like a man
srsly tho...hate u for not doing that xd
u didnt ass mint leaves...bruh
instructions unclear, made sprite
It's basically non-alcoholic carbonated bitters.
Who else thought they were gonna use cocaine for it?
Is this real ??
Senku Cola!!!!
Me doing this   Coca Cola Company: Wait thats illegal
I did not search this up
*happy Asagiri Gen noises*
like for making moonshine
i'd rather go to the store
Anyone else watching while drinking coke
Ever heard of Senku Ishigami?
Me *learning to make cola at home* My FBI AGENT Interesting
I think I made Dr Pepper
me: - -    the other people: no one even thinks how cola is made.
Going to market and buying coke is much easier
easier way : went out and buy some
Why is there somewhat horror music
Yup it doesn't need be carbonated ... Just pour a store bought coke into the glass ...
Is it worth the time 😂
How to make ass
Battery acid. Is the main part
my taste tester just turned pale wtf
Okay, just curious but how does it fizz when it's just sugar, oils and citric acid?
You can do that or go to the store and buy a coke for $1
Sooo has anyone actually tried this?
I watched dr stone so this video is useless to me
"Now coka-cola before food coloring is actually green so..." Me: aight... time to make rainbow cola then...
Yes Officer, this video right here.
This video was inspired by Dr.stone
Well where is the soda part ? How did u get the drink carbonated ?
Let’s be honest...    You all same here only because of Dr Stone XD
Or, you could just go to the store and buy a bottle of Coca Cola 🤔
Why does this guy sound like theoddonesout? Jr lol
Ah yes, the best thing I needed during my quarantine
i dont know why im watching this i know im not going to do anything but im still watching the video
The quarantine brought me here
Who is watching in 2020 because of the trash recommendation?
Holy fuck... So much sugar in it. That really scares me. I'm not a pop drinker. I drink seldomly, but I love beer. Hopefully beer doesn't have that crazy amount of sugar
*I swear to God I’ll like this comment...*      GOT YOU!!!            (JK you don’t have to)
Fun fact you didnt search for this
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
Hidden step: add cocaine
FFS man, zoom out
Yoooo, my guy just assumed I've had cola before, are you kidding me?!
You didn't explain how it became carbonated.
Senku type beat
remind me of Dr Stone
why not just buy a coke
cola at home:
and cocaine
OH this would be good for soda stream
I don't see any cocaine in it so I'm not happy.
Next step: Alright lets go to our local drug dealer...
what in the herbology
You forgot the part where they add cocaine
So this is where mcdonalds gets their sprite from?
Os it just me, or is this way to much work for something you can go to the store and buy for a dollar?
bruh
Now you just need the cocaine. :)
i just came here because of dr stone
If there was no mention of cola, this seems like making drugs
Thought This Was How To Basic....
How much cola does this make using the ratio that you used in the video
Better also learn how to make ramen in case we need to purswade a whole village to do our bidding
go to bed
i personally belief Pepsi to be the literal greatest soda to ever exist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVqVQC8D2lI
When do you put in the cocaine?
Does he mean drinking or rubbing alcohol?
Wtf is this genderless voice
Next video: how to make water out of scratch
now my question is, does this actually work
Where's the cocaine ?
Can you please do Nicholas Flamel style alchemy next?  Thanx.
I guess it good the title is not "How to make coke"
OK Youtube, you won. I'm gonna watch this video.
Good God, what is that terrifying ambiance in the background?
I have no idea what is euros.
U forgot the last ingredients     *A* *LIL* *BIT* *OF* *COCAINE*
Instructions unclear, I now have Covid-19.
Dr stone?
Will help in quarantine
500ml of lemon juice? 3:56 bro. I think you gave us the recipe for coke lemonade. I think u meant 50ml
Word of the Day: *ESSENTIAL*
Where’s the Cocaine?
I already learned from Senku from Dr.Stone
Your background music pissed me off to the point i disliked. I KEEP HEARING A FORK SCRAPING A BOWL LIKE WTF 🤣🤣
This is like out pizza’ing the hut
Im in quarantine and I cant get Cola, thanks!
Your forgetting that mr krabs has the secret formula.
Day 13 of quarantine
kind of ominous to bee recommended this during these uncertain times
Was searching for senku’s cola but this will suffice
see yall on 3  years when yt recomend this again
Or you could go to a store and buy some for cheaper and it’s saves a lot of time
shit help I made  Pepsi
one day someone's grandpa is gonna break their NDA and tell their son to tell their son to post the secret formula
why???
Nonsense video, how did it get carbonated?  It's not fucking magic.
Let's be honest we didn't find this video this video found us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q7jlDytsMU
Can you make a updated tutorial they patched this
What the fuck is cola holy shit my cock is rock solid
you should be a member of the *KINGDOM OF SCIENCE*
When mum bans coke in the house 🤣due to  corona virus and you need to find a solution
Note to self never drink cola
What is that scraping sound that randomly comes in. Otherwise good video
2 minutes in and oh my gosh what a fucking wizardry. Nevermind
I used rubbing alcohol for this and it tasted so vibrant!!!
i'm drinking cola while watching this
Could just go to the shop and buy cola ?
Instruction unclear, dick stuck in toaster
you digging ur own grave the coke company will come after you OH NOO
Now i can convince gen to help me
Easy way : Mix black food color and soda done !
Mal mısın olum o kadar uğraştın, 2 lira veriyim de git marketten al iç
What the shit am I drinking
as long it dont taste like pepsi, its good
If you wish To make coca cola from scratch, you must first invent the universe
day ?? into quarantine
That looks absolutely disgusting! The hell you making there son!
No coca no cola
And if you wanna make this Coca Cola add COCAINE
Anyone remember Power Puff Girls telecasted in Hindi on Cartoon Network??  Narrator" Namak Masala aur Achcha Sab kuch Dala" 😂😂
One more person tells me that coca cola and pepsi are the same   im gonna kill them
CO2 tanks sold separately
you are on some kind of list now
Y’all still drink pop🤢🤦🏾‍♂️
ruined my coke experience... if my kids see this they are staying way away from coke.
500g sugar 😲😲
Would this be easier to just go out and buy a can of cocacola?
FBI wants to know your recepie.
So no cocaine?
Instructions unclear,accidently made coronavirus vaccine
He ended up making pepsi.
Instead of making your own, you can buy some cola and say you made it
500 ml or about one lime's worth of lime juice? Those limes have got to be straight outta Chernobyl!
I legit clicked this video because I thought the thumbnail showed a garbage bin...
You some sorta alchemist
your missing one ingredient *COCAINE*
YouTube recommended this after watching dr.stone
Yeey me gusta
OHAIYOUUU SEKAAAAI GOOD MORNING WOOOOORLD
When you are an average student in chemistry but never loses hope and starts food chemistry in the kitchen.
don't worry about watching this just watch dr stone you get a good anime and a lot of education
I'm not even going to try to make my own coke, I'm just enjoying watching this
Dr. Stone? Anyone?
Pepsi are for virgins
Dr Stone
tell the truth that u didn't search this
i thought coke was just a bucket of sugar combined with cold water.
tried it it so fucking disgusting just buy coca cola bye
Why is nobody talking about all that sugar damnn
When you're under quarantine and you cant go out and buy Coca Cola anymore
According to his thumbnail and the way of writing really thought me for a second that it is howtobasic
Aight with the corona virus going on imma make this
1. go out and buy sodastream bottles, machine and cola mix 2. fill bottle with water 3. carbonate water 4. fill mix cap and pour in 5. mix even easier to make your own cola
Step 1: take out 50 cents  Step 2: find a vending machine and press coca cola Step 3: enjoy your cola
probably the most modern herbal drink i've ever seen
Instruction unclear, added muriatic acid instead of caustic soda
Senku Cola♥️
Really interesting video! (No squozen lemons in this one)
me: this is quite interesting   also me: nahh, I'll just go and buy coca cola :D
Troublesome. Go buy Coke !
I'd rather buy coke in the store Rather than making this hahaha
What to do when your mom says no to coca cola
Hey how about this.  Go to a Fvcking store or 7 11 or whatever then Find the Product that called “Coca-Cola” or “Coke” It could be canned or bottled whatever but the taste is the same. When you find it Grab that Sh*t And get you're ass at the Cashier, then you should have a couple of dollars to pay this sh*t, you give the bottle/can of coke at the cashier guy/girl and he/she/it will laser that sh*t whatever that called and it will Make the f*cking receipt for the sh*t you've Bought that called “Coke”. And Give You're fvxking money to The cashier exchange of the sh*t ( Coke ), and then get you're ass Outta there and get back to you're fvxking house. Isn't that easy? Ok im out.
wheres the cocaine
Hows it get bubbly
*Coca-Cola wants your location*
Coronavirus lockdown in my country. All stores have sold out. So yeah
Perfect for quarantine.
Dr. Stone niggas
Let me guess, you didn’t search for this.
Why?
Instructions unclear, accidentally made SPRITE
I feel like I'm being pranked.  I know rationally this must be true but my mind doesn't want to accept that orange and lemon are ingredients of cola.
did you try to mill them in a blender and press them?
or just buy it
Instructions unclear, accidentally summoned a demon
I thought this was HowToBasic
Uhh yeah..Senku already had cover this.
Senku: *Hold My Beer*
Dont let karen see this.
This is so much simpler than spending a dollar!
This isn't Senku cola
FBI wants to know your location.
Tried to make Coke, ended up making a healthy drink
how to make coke: 1- take a glass full of water 2- add black food colouring 3- dump all your sugar into the cup
Does anyone else hear the eerie sound at 5:15?
everyone:locked down on their home    All making cola
Nah... I rather buy one
On Doctor Stone was different
...DR.STONE...?
ok, cola down, now coke's left
the coca cola company is coming for you
*laughs in Dr. Stone*
Instructions unclear, made cracked coke and now i'm on the run
Try adding cilantro to the mix if you feel like a certain flavor is missing
Instructions unclear, cops knocking on my door
yep, it’s 3 am alright.
No crack mmmmmmmmh 😑
5 :14 hidden message
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
This is an alternate recepie :- 1)Take a 500ml beaker 2)Add 1 to 2 drops of water 3)Add 450ml of Cocacola  BOOM, tasty homemade cola
Dr. Stone did it differently, I think I’m just going to listen to Dr. stone recipe
Why waste 40 bucks for ingredients if you can just go to the corner store and buy a can for 50 cents
you can just buy for 1 dollar
Day 7 into quarantine and YouTube finally decides to recommend this to me?
You're missing the Coca Leaf, that's why it didn't taste the same.
You forgot one ingredient, and we all know what it is
Now I wanna drink some coke
Yeah I think this is to much work I'll stick with the original coke
Did I miss a part? where's the coke?
10 Billion points for you.
Kohaku best girl, don't @ me
Gen will be pleased
I accidentally made a tactical nuke. While making a cola..
How to make cola: Don't, that shit is terrible for you you fat fuck.
okay, now make blue meth
Instructions unclear, currently waiting on my online trial. Thanks
This is like the dr.stone cola
Dr. Stone, anyone?
it is from dr.stone(anime)>>>???
Wtf is the beat in the background?
Instructions unclear, when I mixed them all together it created an explosion
I don't think there's a single soul who tried this after watching the video! Nevertheless interesting video
Instead of making coke, I would rather make my own soda.
Coca Cola wants ur location
Easy:  1. Just read the ingredients on the label of the coke  2. Shove random amounts of every ingredient in a blender 3. Pour it down the drain 4. Drink Diet Coke
such bad camera work
plz sub to me
I'd 100% go to the store and buy all this shit rather than just buying a bottle of coke.
Since it’s quarantine time.. I’m Gonna need this bad boi for the coming months.
Dr stone.
Ahh who got this in their recommendation duck this I don't need this was just so bored of what to do.
This Video: eSsEnTiAl oILs Vegans: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
youtube: *hey we realize youre self quarantining* me: pls get lost.. totally not wasting my life more
No don’t need this dr stone taught me how too make coco cola
Instructions unclear, i am now 30 years in the past and my hand is disappearing, and now I gotta make my parents meet.
Instructions Unclear, i accidentally sent "i miss you" to my ex.
This is like a Harry Potter potion...
Senku be competing tho
Now this is a healthy cola.
Okay, so now how do I make the coke?
Almost every comment is based on making drugs, or drug traficking
I will pass, I rather just buy it from a convenience store than to go through all this process. Thanks.
I tried this and it tasted like SHIT
At 2:12, remind me of what look like the ground of a forest after a raining day
How to make coke.
Friendly reminder: You should probably sleep      Thank me later
What I know that pepsi is better.
No one searched up for this video.
its 3 am... what am i doing here ?
Video had a pepsi ad in it. Good shit YouTube.
Safe to say it’s more expensive to make coke at home
Plot twist It's Coca cola Zero
Ah, wrong coke. The actual one we drink apparently has bleach and bull’s pee in it.
any Dr.Stone fans?
Instruction unclear, I made coke **Snort**
Not the type of video I was searching for when typed in “how to make coke” but still pretty cool.
is Dat Tayber voice?
Who thought of this
Instructions unclear. I'm addicted now
Background sounds like when you get an elimination in Overwatch
the real recpie to make cola:open the freezer and take the bottle
How did u carbonate it?
SENKU has left the chat.
what lime on planet earth contains 500ml of juice?
Wait, coke is more than corn syrup, water, and CO2?
Ah yes, just need to remember this incase everything turns into stone
did you use cocaine leaf?
For full immersion add cocaine to it
Watching this is making me crave an ice cold coke
wait where did the carbonation come from
how many of you didnt even bother to like the movie cause you were so focused on how amazing this movie is
you didnt add cocaine
this is pepsi cola
Senku would like to know your location.
So what's next? Coca cola virus?
0/10, this wasn't Pepsi.
Please give me coke!
Instructions unclear Dick stuck in CD-ROM
heeeey heinsenberg
I prefer buy a bottle. Its more simple
reminds me of dr.stone coke
Dr. Stone who?
I'm interested with the background music...
How come people haven’t quit soda?
Man fuck all this extra bullshit. Ima just go buy one #PepsiGang 🤣🤣💯 🤷🏾‍♂️
there is ALCOHOL????!!!!
Antivaxxer Sees it   EK DRINK UP
Step one to becoming a grass-haired genius, thanks for the video!
people who watch dr stone
Senku
Try adding lavender to E-Oils and see if it comes close to the original
600g of sugar, get the fuck outta here with your tutorials
Pffff i don't need this video YouTube i watched dr.stones
its better to buy from store reason -the store people will get money -it takes less time to get it than making it -the ingredients probably cost more than the cola from store
I guess you couldn't make the title "How to make Coke" 😅
Yep Sinko is here from doctor stone anime😂😂😂
i can bet none of you guys actually made coca cola
sounds fun but way too much sugar, thats totally going to do some damage.
Don't the original recipe needs a bit of “coke”
*adds pepsi*
Me : peals one orange............2 min later  Shopkeeper : Diet coke Or normal coke 😆
i'm here to make cola for Gen. Need to remember this just incase the world might get petrified
Let's all be honest guys  We didn't find the video The video found us
Or after corona virus died just get urself some cola for 3 dollars
Senku wants to know your location...
We need this to build up the kingdom of science
Senku cola is better
Ohai Yoshukai, Good morning world!!!
Ohai Yoshukai, Good morning world!!!
Instructions unclear, accidentally made medicine for curing COVID-19.
I thought cola had its own flavor as a fruit or something
As a weeb, I watch doctor stone, and I need to remember this recipe and becoming Senku.
When you're thirsty but you realize that you're in quarantine.
Instructions unclear: Bought leaves on 711 instead of Coke
I was here for Pepsi Not coke
I thought this would be a HowToBasic ripoff
who did not do it leave a like if you have comment lets see
Yay something to do while socially isolating.
Why not buy a regular coke for 5.49, when you can just make it for  about I dunno about 20 dollars.
Let's get real..nobody searched for it
I made coke!     not the drink.
Buying coke is probably cheaper than making this cause the cost would be way more expensive.
Instructions not clear accidentally made cocaine
Dr Stone brought me here
as a child i used to think cola was made out of cold coffee that was carbonated
Try my food recipes, It's just a matter of profile click away.
I was looking for investment banking but this is good too. I ended up Subscribing.
Coca-cola: Am i a joke to you ?
Senku type beat
Why tf would anyone even do this lol
*we're gonna add a few amount of sugar*  *_*fuckin throws it all in*_*
throughout this entire video i thought my dog was whining to be let inside.
Instructions unclear, accidentally made the cure for cancer.
And that's on Dr Stone
Mountain Dew is just Coca-Cola without food colour.
"cola is just really a citrusy lemon drink"  yeah and Mountain Dew is a neon green orange juice
youtube does know that we're stuck at home right?
Dr.Stone brought me here
tried making this and I got arrested for production of illegal substance.....
What kind of alchohol? The drinkable or a rubbing alchohol?
This is the wrong coke
Got it, buy it from the store.
Gen: I want Coke  Senku:
Dr Stone be like
Do not confuse that recipe for an anti-vaxxers alternative medicine please especially the oils 1:04
nobody: asagiri gen : bitch im in
stupid fuck
u are never gunna get somewhere get a life u fuck tard
your vids are shit
Idk y m I watching diz!
Still would go for Senku's receipe
Instructions unclear, I made a very original not copied joke.
I was surprised by the fact that it's not a howtobasic style shitpost but an actual instruction
*DR. STONE???*
I'm leaning so many things during the quarantine
instructions unclear, my glass is starting to levitate
2/10 no cocain
I made this and after I drank it I discovered I had lost my immortal soul. It did taste ok though.
Amen !
Dr stone head ass
You know what, buying a 2 liter of cola for 89 cents got kinda boring.
Senku
Idk if I'm more frustrated by his success or the fact he said "Mortar and p e s t le" instead of just "Pestel"
instructions unclear, accidentally made sugar
its really not that expensive to buy it
You left out cocaine.
And a line of cocane
wtf is that high pitch noise that keeps popping up in the vid
Very upset that the recipe doesn't have cocaine :(
Idiot nerd
Dr stone anyone ?
In the end of the video, it seems fizzy. What made it fizzy? do we need some carbonated water?
What the fuck have I been drinking???????
Pepsi probably watching this now.
or just walk to the 7/11 and buy a coke
Bro you could go to the store and buy a whole 12 or 18 pack of coke for like 10 bucks
Who are watching this video after Dr. Stone anime.
I thought cola was made with cola nuts?
those leaves looked like coca leafs, maybe thats why you flavor was a bit off.
I have a Coke Addiction..... why?....
Instruction were unclear accidentally bburned my house then out of rage and self loathing went to my neighbors house best the husband unconscious then fucked his wife and 18 year old daughter and just out of spite I beat up his grandma with hit her own Bible... Now I'm suing your ass
DUDE! This is an awesome video. Thanks
Finally something serious than HowToBasic
bruh i thought he was bout to put some isopropyl alcohol in that
1:16 So what you're saying is.... *Cola is just spicy lemonade?*
Essential.
Yes but where is the coke?
I think cola is more like a darker brown color than black.🙂
That would replace Coca Cola for this month.
wait, so they thought lime green was too unappetizing of a color for the drink, so they went ahead and made it black instead?
BRUH BEST CHANNEL EVER U DIDNT DO AN INTRO BRUH IMA SUBSCRIBE LESS THAN A SECOND AND IMA SHARE IT
Quarantine got me here! Who all agree?
Dude, you sound a lot like TheOdd1sOut. Also, this is a lovely informative video.
SUUUUUUPEEEERRRRR!!!
How did you know i was watching dr.stone HUH algorithm?
lol no thanks ima just buy some coke at the store
wow
Hmm Dr.Stone Reference?
Instructions unclear, my last name turned into Ishigami
damn at first i though it was a skit cause the mixture looks like rubbish because thats wat cola is... Rubbish
Can you make a vid 'how to cook meth' ? thx
why miss the oportunity to title it "How to make coke"
Cancer in a drink fr
hey wait this isn't mecha senku
only 1920 kids know how to make moonshine at home
Dr. Stone fans: Wait. That´s illegal.
You should never ingest essential oils.
Wish he has explained cola, I was lost for half of the video.
It's senku cola!
Eehhhmmm Dr Stone.
It worked but it taste like pepsi
Am I the only knowing I’m not gonna make this, but I still watch the video?
For a sec I thought this was a HowToBasic video
i just finished watching that episode of Dr Stone where cola is made at the end. found this in my recommendations right after anyone else?
Those horror movie noises and schizophrenic voices were not the ideal background music for this video.
Now imagine what a Coca Cola factory actually uses in terms of resources
My recommendations during quarantine are on point
Hence proved coke made 9f shuger
In the Balkans there´s basically a kind of same drink called Cocta and I can assure you this tastes and is wayyy better than normal coke.
I've seen a similar video at HowtoBasic
Thats a lotta sugar...
you made.... Pussy Coke?
healthy sugar free version of cola xD.
What the hell?  I accidentally made dr. Pepper...
you just need to go to the supermarket then go buy the cola, now you deserve to drink it
Get ready for all the dr. Stone reference, dear young weeblets
I know I'm quarantined and I have a lot of time but I'm not making Colas now, YouTube. Go away!
Don't believe for a second that one lime has 500 mL of juice (3:55) - more likely 50 mL, but cool video!
Laughing in Dr stone
Came here cause the stone guy
*Agh! Fuck it! I will buy one from the store*
Will it still make me vomit if I drink it flat?
Instructions very clear. Made a dog.
I never thought about how Coke is made
A regular coke uses coca leaves
lockdown brought me here...
How to make Cola:  Step 1: grab cup  Step 2: piss in cup   Step 3: enjoy
He finna be a coke dealer once cola runs out
soda during quarantine
why this is in my recomendation? why am i watching this? why am i into it? did i just subscribe 2 seconds ago?
ill rather buy coke after the quarantine ends
Great content but camera angles are not so great.
Isn't the recipe secret
I'll just buy a bottle lmao
First i though this made by Howtobasics lol
Can I just say- phosphoric acid would have been more suitable than citric as it is the actual acid used in cola
am i the only one who's not sure why i'm watching this?
Instructions unclear, made root beer instead
*swaps out most of the ingredients* IT TASTED SIMILAR BUT NOT QUITE THE SAME :/
*The Science Kingdom rise*
Whats up with the creepy background music? Legit thought I had a scary Youtube video open in another tab @ 4:04
i bet everyone watched till the end but didnt try it
Too much sugar is not good for your health
Instructions inexplicit... accidentally made zombie virus.  OMG,  RUUUUNNN.....
Im curious how the makers of coca cola get the idea of this ingridients
Just buy soft drink it’s cheaper and probably tastes better
Thank you, but beware, you could get sued, cuz this is illegal. Thank you tho!
I thought there well be eggs thrown
Ew
So this is like cordial
[insert 1000000000000 cocaine joke here]
brah just buy a coke from a store
After quarantine imma build my own cola company
You forgot the cocaine. 👎👎👎
Where's the real coke?
So is MTN dew just cola without food coloring? 😂
I thought this was a HowToBasic video
Cocaine?????
Dr.Stone... anyone else??
This is a recipe for tar...not coke
can u do one without sugar?
How make the famous doggo drink, bepis?
who the hell though to make cola to begin with
Day 15 of Quarantine, and I'm doing coke.
Thanks, another 2 weeks quarantine at Malaysia but this help me get through it
add a little lavender next time, its one of the many secret ingredients
Can I use other kind of oils like olive oil or sth like that?
quarantine day 564  me:
Ok I get some of the instructions but what in the world is 10 grams of an orange peel like who has ever scaled that out
Suddenly 7 dollars for a case of coke doesn't seem so bad.
https://youtu.be/-kLGuhLUXvs Leave a like pls 😇😊
Whose here while quarantined
I cant wait for how to basic to make his own version of this tutorial
now, ' Diet Cola "
me watching this even though ill never make it
music got a little trippy towards the end there
quarantine be like
I should be sleeping right now
ok YouTube ill fucking watch this video
People who have watched Dr.stone  Ez
How the fuck did they think that this would go together!?
People: How to make Cola  People who speak Spanish: *How to make A S S*
Aren't you were Senku?
*halfway through this, I order Soda Stream online*
Did u add cocain ?
What’s the point of this video because If u need theses things u are gonna go to a shop then u just can buy coke
you didnt add CO2?
why not?  'cause who doesn't have a ready supply neroli or kaffiir lime leaves laying around?  what?  you didn't stock up on yours for the quarentine?
**Pepsi joined the chat*
Damn this shit lookin like lean.
i may not make good cola but i can make some pretty good crystal meth
Now I'd like to know if it's possible to extract caffeine from kola nuts at home, or if you're just gonna have to get raw caffeine somehow.
so how do i turn it into powder?
why is the background music so eerie
I'll just get my 1.50 drink
Or just buy it from ur local corner shop
Could you show us how to make the 1886 coke aswell?
Is the mixture automatically carbonated or did you just add carbonated water at the end? :o
bruh *just buy coke*
All you need is an RV
When you order coca cola on wish
Thanks, but this takes too much effort to make.
For people wondering, a caffeinated version would taste more closely to a regular brand cola. The caffeine from colas come from a Cola Nut  which contains twice the caffeine as a cup of coffee. Hence the name "Cola"
bruh where's the cocaine at
Coca Cola:listen here you little shit
500ml = 1 limes worth of lime juice ???
Lets Be Real: No-one Searched For This
Important in the Quarantine
good job man
How can i make diet coke for my mentos and diet coke
if you drink the raw syrup you turn into a coca cola bottle
Okay what drugs are you on?
This isn't an episode of Dr Stone...
Recipe for the powder kind?
instuctions unclear, accidentally freed my friends that were incased in stone. will remember that one though
Orr.....Just buy a coke for 99p
Literally gonna do this out of boredom
Syke where's the coca from the original recipe
I'd have added a touch of red food coloring at the end there. Charcoal grey is not a very appealing color for a beverage.
Dat made me thirsty
this the type of shit u watch at 3am in the morning when u need to sleep
0:31 Karen has entered the chat
Or the simplest way is to buy coke change the bottle and pretend u nailed it
Went to the store to get the ingredients. Came back with a bottle of Cola.
is it just me or is youtube showing loads of food related videos now that everyones in quarantine
*FBI would like to know your location*
who else came here because of dr.stone
Not the coke im looking for but its still interesting
Get water then add 64 sugar cubes
Just buy a 1 litre bottle of Pepsi,That's it.
The ingredients cost more than the actual product
I thought cola was blackberries or currants or grapes.
I know what's easier! Just buy a soda lol
En castellano esto seria "como hacerte la cola", chiste que no van a entender estos anglosajones
Did you cut the lemon with a ruler?
*WAIT... THATS ILLEGAL*
*Coca cola wants to know your location*
Now I'm prepared for the petrification of the world
Wait a minute, this isn't how senku made it...
This video is hypnotic
Ah h h d r st o ne
How to make cola : step one pour Coca Cola in the cup step 2: enjoy
Backgroud music seems like he is preparing POISON
Did you know Coke can also be used to clean, dirty Toilets, even your stomach
Make coke vanilla
*Essential Oils*
FUN FACT Cola without Coulouring is green.
Gg
Youtube: How To Make Cola 6.8M People: *Interesting*
*I though you sniffed this, not drink it..?*
thank you for using the metric system
Instructions unclear. Accidentally made crack
Who's watching this during quarantine?
Instructions unclear it made a DrPepper instead
Instructions are clear but i think ive made a wrong coke
Bro you forgot the cocaine
daaaang, he a god or wha?
Yay, healthy cola... I'm gonna perfect it. 😀
Is this a Dr. Stone reference?
Awesome
What is a cola??? He didn't explain
500ml or 1 lime's juice??
ya se q hacer en la cuarentena :V
where's the cocaine??
Just drink water. Plain and simple.
This seems different from how it was made on Dr. Stone.
The best part of the video was the hex you placed on me and my future generations through the background music. Thanks.
This is Exhilarating ♥️
When you watch too many Dr.Stone be like
Hope I can open this video youtube in Stone World.
I was expecting one of three kinds of coke:   -The one that heals -The one that makes miners' meals -The one that gives you the feels
Ill remember these in case a green light appear
Useful when we started living in the apocalypse climatic covid universe,Who know we may run out of nuke cola supply one day
i need 3 barrels in case of emergency
I’m disappointed, I thought he was making a different type of syrup
Welp, gotta do something with this quarantine
how do you carbonate it?
alright let’s be honest, who actually searched for this?
The only real purpose for essential oils
"Using the original Coca-Cola recipe..."   1.)Cola Nut 2.) Cocaine
Dr. Stone!!!
Missing cocayina
Who needs outside when we have this
The joke I was going to make was already made so thanks jerk
You forgot the heroin.
I went 18 years not drinking cola as parents were strict. Yeah it ain't bad, better than water
Bro this is just sen-cola just watch DR.Stone
You forgot to add cocaine to it
Senku already taught me
I think I missed a step. It hardened and turned blue. For some reason people keep calling me Heisenberg
Has this guy ever said Coca? Before saying Cola
Essential gooch
NASA want to know your location
I noticed that the final product lacked that reddish-brown color, is this related to the fact that you didn't add caffeine?
would have loved to see a water vapour destillation to get out the essential oils
It’s probably cheaper to buy coke.
Nah, I’ll just buy coke.
i drank it straight syrup and i can see a blue tint over everything now
senku cola
Sosoruse Korewa
I need this when I get too skinny
Instructions unclear, accidentally got arrested for drug trafficking.
Next vid: How to make Coke.
Can you zoom in more? I couldn't see the atoms of the cola you just made.
drinking this video while watching a cola
You forgot the other coke
Ummm... Too hard, I think I'm just gonna buy some cola at the sto-  *Quarantine has entered the chat*  Nevermind, where are my coriander seeds?
500 ml of lime juice?
Ok cool video but guys can u hear those high "crickets" sounds? They are *really* annoying me, these are from music probably .
So YouTube knows I have so much time in quarantine that I will make cola at home !?!   Well yes but actually NO!
This is awesome
why are there creepy sounds at like 4:10 i am terrified
😷 Even though we are quarantined. Nobody searched for this.
Me : Can we get some Coke. Mum : We have coke at home. Coke at home :
Easier to go buy a can lol
I like this but your a nerd and I mean that in a good way
Senku cola
Coca Cola wants to know your location
not gonna lie  the music in the background is so creepy
Buying a can is so much easier and cheaper. Fascinating video, though.
Where is the cocaine?
dude i was so convinced this was a parody 0.O
ah ok it's magic got ya
No thanks I'll buy cola🤭🤭
I thought cola was just sugar flavored pop
making senku cola is way easier
2:14 I’m glad I stopped drinking coke
Mortar and pesTle.  Nananani?
That’s one thing to do in this quarantine 😐
Me:Why did YouTube recommended this to me—    Also me:  *Watches the video anyway*
this syrup tastes really good on ice cream
Senku doesn't make cola this way
Instructions unclear, i accidently made a white powder   Edit 1: And its addicting
Gen Asagiri needs to learn this.
I had to make sure this wasnt uploaded by how to basic
What about the fizz?
I actually have a much easier recipe and it takes fewer steps and way less time and effort...get a pen an paper for this one...first, find a dollar bill and a quarter...now (here is the hard part) find your car keys and get in the car and drive to your local store. Now here is the physical work that is needed. Navigate your way over to the drink section and located your desired flavor. Then walk up to the register section. Now remember the first step that required you to find a dollar bill and that quarter? well here is where that comes into play. your gonna have to hand both of those to the check out area. Now there you have a nicely brewed cola all for yourself with way less time/money/effort than what this video is offering.
Everyone: coke jokes     Me: why the comments are too early this video is like 2 years ago
no carbonation
If you don’t like the watery ass cola from McDonald’s I will make sure to one day force -feed-  drink water with the slightest bit of cola in it
Instructions unclear  Dick stuck in a cola bottle
I hope I remember this in case I get Isekai'd
4:02 i heard cocaine so thanks for the advice will add it!
It’s late at night and I’m in my fever dream faze...  this calls for some coke!
This cost more than buying a regular cola
Why are comments so cringe
soda water = put dry ice in water until it melts all the way
*Coca cola wants to know your l o c a t t t i o n*
This video dissapoints me, I'm expecting coca leaves as the  main ingredient
scratch is when you find a seed to a fruit plant it wait for it to grow up harvest it same with everything if you need milk for cake you have to buy a young cow and wait for it to make milk and then take the milk
I didn’t know how to make cola... BUT I do know how to make coke👈 hit me up😂
Y’all I ran outta Diet Coke in quarantine, you life saver
Has anyone tried the cola? does it tastes more like a coca cola or redbull organic cola
Me: buys coca
MARK MY WORDS   this will be in your recomended in 2043
Or you know just hit the store to buy some "cola"
Its 1:40 am and I'm bout to make this... what am I doing?
Meanwhile at YouTube:  YouTube: what does this dude like, just maybe, COKE
1 gram of nutmeg ?
make cocain next
Or you can jus drive 5 mins and spend 2 dollars and drive 5 mins back it’ll take the same amount of time it would to even get ready 😐
you're actually not supposed to ingest/cook with essential oils because it can be potentially dangerous so i am so glad you made the ingredients yourself
Be honest u didn’t search this
Dude had to use the scariest music just to show how to make a drink like this man talking all scary to like wtf
5:34 maybe it's because there was no caffene
I don't think thats how cocaine is made....
me at 3 am watching this video
Holy freaking sugar lol
no cocaine I'm disappointed
lol i can grab a can for 50 cents at the corner store
Gotta get those coca leaves
Dude u need all that bad stuff to make it like the store put real sugar cane
thtts not water in the end ,,its soda u mixed in it ,to show bubbles like inreal cola.u making us fool.
Ok, now drink it.
There ain’t no coke
Senku?
Fun fact: You did not search for this
can you make any sodas without citric acid?
*Coca Cola Company wants to know your location*
You sound weak
"The fuq is cola .... I want some grape drink baby"
Thoughts on substituting the sugar for Honey or other more natural sweeteners?
Ohayo sekai good morning world
We tried this is Tech and it fermented it wrong causing two kids to throw up
Carefully balancing 14 fruit flavors while maintaining that iconic cola taste
🅱️lack cola
Dude what the FUCK is this background audio??????
Root beer Sassafras Burdock root  Brown sugar
Bruh stop saying why is this video in my recommended just stop it and go to settings and turn off recommended
Bruh I can see at the back of the can
Way to much work for a $2 drink.
Senku
You forgot cocaine.
Disgusting!!!
I watched this until I remembered i don't own a soda maker
Dr. STONE!!!
Oh yeah its now march 2020 when alchohol is more likely good to drink for virus.
Seeing all that sugar going into the coke makes me never want to drink soda again
Just use the dr stone recipe it's way easier and tasty
*SENKU HAS ENTERED THE CHAT*
Damn i never drink cola , why do i want some so bad right now
Can you do one on Dr. Pepper?
who is actually going to make this lmao
Or just buy coke...
umaru chan would be proud asagiri gen would also be proud
BUT it is green without the pigment
JK thats what i would say if i was a idiot person LOL
COLA ITS NOT JUST FRUIT JUICE AND SPICEYS!!! IT CONTAINS PIGMENT THAT IS TOXIC TO US YOU NOOB HAHAHA YOU CANT EVEN EXPLAIN RIGHT LOL IDIOT YOU SHOULD CLOSE YOUR CHANNEL XDDDD
Where’s the cocaine dog?
Now this just makes me want to make my own flavors of soda...
Linus?
This is exactly what I'm looking for I'm too rich to have these lying around yet I'm to Port by a 1 pound bottle of Coke
Think you forgot the cocaine xD
How to make toilet paper?
So where did u used that 600 gm sugar?
how do you only have 90k subs
disliked,forgot the coke
I'll be adding black food coloring for the thumbnail pic.
Everyone came here because of yt recommendations i searched this up i should be concerned
Me in Quarantine: interesting
Or just buy it at your local supermarket
Dr. Stone in the making:
When I saw this video, I immediately thought of Senku~
I’ve seen Dr.Stone yes
Will it make me vomit when it goes flat?
You forgot the essential ingredient: Coca leaf extract
where's the cocaine
where is the scratch in the recipe?
How the duck did you get fizz?  No carbon dioxide in the ing. list.. ??
*Walter white wants to know your location*
Wouldn't this be caffeine free?
All good Cola needs hibiscus!
Wheres the coke?
you forgot the cocaine
"Science really is cool" - Cavemen villagers 2.0 from Dr. Stone
Where does the carbonization come from?
This will come in handy when all the panic buyers start going after the cola.
It won’t taste the same without coca leaves
I was drinking coke while watching this
Use crack because they used it in the first ever Coca Cola
i want to make diet coke, but the really addictive, perfectly flavored one from a few years ago
Whats cola? What does it taste like?
2018: How to Make Cola. 2020: How to Make Hand Sanitizer from Cola. 2021: How to Make Cola from Hand Sanitizer.
This is the wrong kind of coke. DISLIKE!!!!!!
Coke cola would like to know your location.
why tho
Where's the cocaine
You forgot the Cocaine.
You forgot the cocaine!
soda is trash, water gang
Pespi is better
Youtube why are u recommending me this now in quarantine
No cola but!? Common... Don't bullshit me.
I just use the instant stuff. Comes in a red can, just add ice. Voila
I'm about to be in quarantine making coke lol
is this Senku Cola?
🤨
could you make  a simpler version with less steps and ingredients lets say a citrus flavor soda to where you could just extract the oils from peals and leaves and then mix with the syrup
need to remember this in case  some virus kills most of the people ... cough ...
What happened to the emulsifying mixture?
Quarantine wants to turn us all into coke heads!
BREAKING NEWS: Casual Youtuber makes All Cola Companies Corrupt!
Forgot one essential ingredient in COKE
when its lockdown and you are craving for coke
Thanks "DEXTER"
so let me get this straight...coke is basically bitter citrus peel compost items boiled in a bowl of sugar?
your coke looks like pepsi. im not sure what im talking about but, by the looks of it. It doesnt have so much fizz to say that its a coke AHAHAHHA
or you can just buy the cola
Step-1 get up from from your seat Step-2 go to a store Step-3 buy cola Step-4 enjoy
plot twist: he made pepsi
Dr.stone for u
I was wandering how you would carbonize it.
I tried this, but it came out tasting like Pepsi 😔
How did we all get here?
I thought this was a howtobasic video (thumbnail fooled me)
You're missing another ingredient thats why it tastes a little bit off Cocaine
Youtube: its corona time look how you can make cola me: well okay!
This is exhilarating!
Needs more cocaine.
You forgot cocaine
Dr.Stone?
Anyone here got Recommended?
I honestly clicked on this video hoping it would be a how to basic type video
When you choose minecraft hardcore
Dr. Stone?
You forgot the cocaine.
How do u make DIY carbonated water?   Just in case..
"So how can we get oil and water to mix?" Me: Soap
Question: Where does the caffeine come in?
Breaking Bad
Thanks,I had no Coca Cola left,and it bring quarantine *I'LL MAKE MY OWN*
now this is exhilarating.
Instructions unclear, made fanta
Leme just use hydrogen peroxide
Dad: what are you watching Me: How to make coke *Dad takes his belt out
Will this ten billion percent work?
Why dont we just go buy a can of coke for 2$
Instruction unclear: made Vodka
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah.
No kola nut?
probably taste like pepsi
I dont know what worst the quarantine or my gout that preventing me to buy COKE!
He is to dangerous to be left alive!
No caffeine and you added alcohol...why call it how to make cola if you're not going to make cola?
Coca cola: *exists* This dude: im about to end this man’s whole career.
Um your missing something
This is exhilarating
bro....where’s the cocaine
Thanks Ill stick to water
Senku makes it with less ingredients
Corona virus outbreak-Stores run out of Coca-Cola   Everyone: we gotta do what we got to do.
CEO of stuttering
You don't pound it, you simmer it in order to release the right flavors, it has a different effect when pounded
Me: *remembers that coca cola used to contain cocaine*  Me: hmm
Guy: imma use the moonshine I made in another video Me: hold up
you forgot the cocaine
Im here in my bed at 3:45 am watching a guy making cola.
Cooking Level: 98 (Next Level 99: 902,123/1,000,000) Me: cooking level: 40
*Plot twist this is the next drug*
He prolly spent more money than the price of cola
hah, i already watched dr stone.
already know this because of dr stone
I KNOW AN EASIER WAY TO GET THIS!     *buy cola at the store for $1.99*
Now do Pepsi
you forgot the most important ingredient...      cocaine
Me: “Mom can we go get coke?” Mom: “No, we have coke at home.” *Coke at home:*  Me: “No, not this type of coke”
Rather buy one then make it
I tried this recipe yesterday. It didn't worked very well, the oil separated despite the alcohol (I used 40% rhum). I'll experiment more on that, maybe a maceration in alcohol or water...
I actually made cola using this. Doesn't taste bad, but you have to let it sit for an hour after mixing with soda water so you don't throw up after drinking it.
Step one: Go to store Step two: buy coke Step three: done
500ml is half a litre, which is much more than 1 lime's worth of juice. Maybe you meant 50ml? Even that seems generous.
or just go out and buy a can of coke
I don't even like Coke and I want to try this.
Thums Up! is way better than coke. My personal taste.
Flavonoids 😂😂 Yes I'm childish
Instructions unclear, made Pepsi instead
Dr. Stone
Soda Water is water with gas?
lol just cheaper to buy already made
500 ml of juice from one lime?! Not even close
I have only had Coca Cola/Pepsi 1-2 times each in my life, but if I remember the flavor correctly, Snapple Fruit Punch has a very similar, if not superior, flavor, without the caffeine and soda parts.
Where is the coca leef? Just 1 gram of white and you have a refreshing beverage..
Well, thanks for the recipe. When everything will be shut down for coronavirus, then it may be useful for me👍👍👍
If only my chemistry teacher was this interesting
500 ml in 1 lime? Bro
You american and talkin bout spending euros?
Just take gasoline, slap some sugar on it and there you go lmao it’s not that complicated
Superb 👌 video subscribed, hats off to your hard work
Add cocaine and BOOM! CocaCola!
Instruction unclear. Accidentally made Monster.
Just be careful where you say Kaffir Lime because in South Africa, Kaffir is the equivalent to the n word but like 100 times worse
This channel is Howtobasic without eggs and throwing stuff
Pretty sure you're not supposed ingest essential oils...  no matter what bs doterra and other pyramed schemes try to tell you. Also FDA doesn't regulate what goes into essential oils. Ingesting them can burn the mucosa in your mouth, esophagus, gut lining, and beyond in the digestive tract. Like don't just don't. And under no circumstances give them to your children!
the zoom is killing me, feels like I want  to crawl out
this shit aint even a tutorial its just look at the fancy words I can say
This is *illegal*
Instructions uncleared... Mistakenly made a Sprite... Pls help me
yo you're background music is distracting and weird
Its Coronna time
When you desperately need something to chase your vodka with
Anti-Vax Moms: COLA IS BAD FOR YOU! Kids of Anti-Vaxxers Seing This Video: It has essential oil- Anti-Vax Moms: SHUT UP AND DRINK LOADS OF COLA!
Dr. Stone brought me here!
It's funny, the black food colouring is the wrong colour agent (it should be caramel colouring), but the appearance is satisfying in a different way, like some sort of charcoal drink.
Essential oils? Seriously?
This is what’s recommended to me during this time of uncertainty. Let’s help mankind by teaching them to make cola.
Why didn't you add crack or meth
FAKE coke secret formula is protected better then the crabby patty formula
WHERE IS THE COCAINE
Now i learned how to separate water and oil.
See, this is where essential oil should be used, not unvaccinated children.
Just add some oil lime, orange and some coriander....it will help with that Coke
Instructions unclear. Made some white powder instead.
What about the egg?
Thank you this tastes way better and it is worth it
or buy cola at the store like a normal person
Nice voice
This is more expensive than just buying cola
Fun fact you didn't look this up 😂😂
Gen Asagiri liked this video
*A 7x*
franky would love this vid. SUPER!
Can we have the older coke recepie tutorial?
It immediately crystalises because your water is cold. Caramel temperature is around 150-160 celsius, so by adding cold water you lower the temperature really fast and  the sugar ends up crystallising and then you have to melt it again. But if you pour boiling water (100c) then it shouldnt happen so dramatically.
How to make coke. Step 1 fly to Columb... oh wait that coke!
THIS IS EXHILARATING
What the fuck 600 grams of sugar? Boi you won’t even be able to taste the original flavor if you add all of that!
why exactly is this being recommend now?
CoronaVirus and boredom brought me here
Apparently you can extract the essential oils with coconut oil. I thought maybe a ethanol extraction or steam distillation of plant material. How do you think coca cola flavours its soda? How do they extract the flavours from the plant material?
Sorry this is random BUT rose coke should be a thing
You stole 5.54 mimutesof my life ,refund me zuka
This is a cool video. I wonder if it's possible to replicate the flavor of diet coke. I imagine that, since you're making it from scratch with natural ingredients, you would still have to use sugar. But I don't like the flavor of regular coke, so it would be interesting if you could make it taste like Diet coke even if it still has sugar/calories
Can you teach me how to make toilet paper instead?
I think you were using the Mexico salsa maker
Hello I bet you are looking at this when coronavirus has ended and this has been recommended while the video is like 6 years old and Roblox has ended and Fortnite has been banned by a new president rather than trump and there are jet pack and everything is futuristic. If all this is true, I need 100k likes.
I know i want coke, and all i need to do is get out off my bed, open my apartment door and cross the road. Why the fuck am i doing here?
You forgot about the most important ingredient. Koka Leafs.
U forgot the mentos
*Coke flavored oil*
"How to make coke" -Flagged by Youtube "How to make COLA"
Unrealistic lacks cocaine
*i prefer my cola homemade*
When they say coke is junk food...
Can someone tell me how to make water cause there’s no bottled water ANYWHERE self quarantine really got bottled water like that.
Missed the chance to title it "How to make Coke frim scratch"
Essentially
Hi, where is the cocain part ?
make Cola Quantum
Can you make Crakk next?
Nuka cola
Day 11 of Home Quarantine: How to Make Cola
You could've just boiled it
This is what this quarantine has come to
Quarantine really has me watching this at 3:35 AM, well, ok. Goodnight people, wash your hands
Yet I see those conspiracy nut fcks who claim coke is enhanced by aborted babies yes you read that right
hipster alert
damm after seeing the amount of sugar that goes into making coke, i think i'll stay away from it in the future
Karen took the Essential oils
Senku wants to: *know your location*
Where are the coca leaves and the kola nut (i.e. caffeine) extracts?
Coca cola and Pepsi wants to know your location.
So this is where Senku got the recipe from
FBI open up
When I saw this I could only think of the office
I haven't had cola before
The Cola Cola Company wants to know your location.
Hahha 500ml or abour 1 limes worth of limejuice - as if 1 lime contains that amount of juice :)
a can of coke isn't exactly expensive dude.
I made this. Turned out disgusting. Drank it anyway.
What the fuck that is goop it fucking trash
Someone tell me why cokes ingredients includes some super villian like shit called seven X lmao it’s 4:00 and I’m high as fuck what am I doin bro
Me: orders a simple drink at a restaurant The rich guy sitting next to me:
How would you carbonate it
*Cola wants to know your location*
I go for the natural color goes on to ad food coloring
This is an ingredient missing but we'll *ignore that.*
No kola nut? Coke was a lie
Senku-Cola
For the life of me I cant figure out if that's a dude or girl talking. Very weird voice
How did you find out what ingredients have mostly the same flavenoids as another?  Is there a book or website?
Just buy one its $2!
Only after the coronavirus am I getting these type of YouTube recommendations. Sitting at home perfecting a cola is just about as sad as it gets. 🤣
Instructions unclear, made Pepsi instead
The most interesting recipe video I saw in a while. I'm tempted to try this but keep it lime green. Thanks
It fills my heart up that no one in this comment section likes Pepsi.
i like me
fo sho
The one time I can legitimately say I'm making coke.
you forgot cocaine
Neroli oil?   Pls write back i want to make this
no cola bean??
this useful during the quarantine
How to start Coca Cola company
oh good its not HowToBasic
You forgot the coca leaves
*Is it Coke or Is it Cola?*
Where the cocaine part for boost?
Instructions not clear, I ended up making Fanta :(
I bet this is how Ishagami Senku made coke in Dr Stone
best out of waste club people: yeah, lemme just grab the waste outta my trashcan and make some coke.
I'm doing this while im in lockdown...        Coronavibes
If u r making the 1800s cola then u need 1 more thing     Cocaine
Me: finally something to do! Guess Quarantine isn't all that bad  Also me: *sees Kaffir leaves as an ingredient  Guess I'll go back to my boring life now
Next video: How to make Coke.
This remind me of that one anime with that scientist like guy that literally is 10 billion percent smarter than everyone on Earth and made a cola for a magician like guy who has white and black hair.... Nah I don't think ive seen anything like that
Did he say 500ml or about one limes worth of lime juice? Where do you buy your limes with half a litre of juice...
Why don’t you just go buy coke tf?
This will come handy during the quarantine
teach us how to make "coke" this time
Hey Flavor Lab, how did you know to use alcohol, do you know about the ouzo effect?
MAKE SOME "NEW COKE" PLEASE
Ahhhh so this is how Senku knew.
How you got the recipe??🤔
🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
yahhhhhh......I'll just stick to buying cola
Hold up was that megalovania at the beginning
Too much work
you forgot the coke
Diabetes: 👋
Senku is that you?!
Wouldn’t arse myself. You can buy a big bottle for next to nothing
Shoot I’m so bored during this quarantine maybe I’ll make this 😂
Night tast closer if you used the altered coca exstract and natural cafein from the kola
*me at facebook* IMMA GONNA MAKE ME SUM COKE IN MAH KITCSHEN LAB!! *SWAT at the door* knock knock
you forgot about the cocaine (recommend if you're making the original coca cola)
sooooo uhm , have anyone of the people that got this on recomended tried this  ?
Need to add a little phosphoric acid
When i first clicked this I thought i was gonna see some HowToBasic type stuff...
*You can simply buy cola from the nearest convenient store*
NileRed but less boring
or i buy it for 1€ in the grocery store
hah or we could just go  out and buy a botle for a dollar and save us all the trouble of making it .
Instruction unclear, I was kidnapped by Coca-Cola executives
you forgot the cocaine leaves
bruh where is the cocaine
you forgot the cocaine
Ur videography angle is very crappy , u should change angles
Coke*
im watching this while enjoying drinking the real coca cola
This feels forbidden for me
Or just buy a coke bottle
Morty is that you?
sure it tastes worse and costs 10x more but it's handmade!
Random youtube recomendation of the day...
OIL
*John Stith Pemberton would like to know your location*
wheres the cocaine
Beats the girl from Sam and Cat trying to recreate the blue cat soda juice
Write that down in case coca cola headquarter get corona
Wait is there alchol in Coce
Might be Pepsi 😅😂
Why does this sound like it was for a science project
I'd love to have some original coca-leaf infused coca cola. You could improvise and make your own mix. It'd just be a bit of a waste of a gram though lol
No Tamarind? I always coke was a rip off of the Indian/Arab/Persian tamarind drink.
Yeah I’d rather go to umm McDonalds for some coke
This is some Dr Stone shits
After watching this I really want a coke
Asagiri approves
wasn't there cocaine in the og coca cola back in the 1800s?
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
Instructions unclear, ended up burning 15% of my city
FBI OPEN UP
Ha cringe! I always make mine with cocaine.
Let be honest 90% of us is not making this
Instructions unclear, cola cooled down into crystal meth
A can of coke is around a dollar, plus this shit dangerous
Now you just need about 3.50g of cocaine to make it coca - cola
Why don’t you use lecithin as an emulsifier
*Gen liked that*
So this is what Senku went through...
From the tumbnail i thought that this guy is some version of how to basic
Where is CO2?
Add a little vanilla.
Instructions unclean, made pepsi
oh shit i thought you meant coke. My dealer recently got caught and i really need some coke.
A POUND OF _SUGAR_
Me: Not interested in cooking or watching any cooking on youtube. Youtube: You wanted to know how to make Cola?
Just Monika.
You forgot the cocaine
im sorry but did i hear 600 grams of sugar?
i love this
What about adding some kola nut to this mixture?
Whats the point of hiding the recipe coca cola ?
Holy f.... 600 grams of sugar for half a liter of water?      Also 500 mililiters of lime juice is like 50 limes, not one.
Dr. Stone anyone?
Learning my life skills amid the corona crisis
This was all going well until he used black instead of brown food colouring
I was waiting for the coke part
Me listening "essential oils": scared of Karen noises
I haven’t tried this yet but very nice work!!
YouTube recommendations bought me here? Anyone else.😆
Where's the cocaine?
I mean I do have a lot of free time
just me or are the ice cubes extra *CUBEY*
còke
Where's the cocaine?
Yes needed this info for the quarantine since grocery stores are empty
Billie Eilish's favourite liquid.
Makes me want coke
sprinkle some cocaine in it and it shall be a masterpiece
the background music creeped the fuck outta me atfer i noticied it
all cost 10-12$ and a normal bottel is like 2-4$ so yhea maybe 99% is gonna buy from supermarket than to do
I am getting Breaking Bad vibes
Anybody else triggered by his scale measurements being a couple of grams out? 🙈🙈🙈
shut up meg
I thought this was fetus mrbeast
i finally watched it youtube, can you get it out of my recommended now please?
1:09 *Peanut Joined the Chat*
Me watching this because school is cancelled and my mom isn’t letting me leave the house
Change the title to "How to make *COKE*"
get all the ingredients or just buy a coke? Homemade so get all the ingredients.
Or you can actually get cola from store.
You already know the technic if you watch dr stone For all you weebs out there like me
Me: *sees thumbnail* Also Me: *starts scratching myself*
This is what my mom is thinking shes producing when shes throwing lime pieces into our water
The lemon peel is cancerous
The even found out I have an addiction to cola... *S P I E S*
What about CO2?
I think they made something called a grocery store and I'm pretty sure they sell coke there correct me if I'm wrong
Anybody here discovered Cola Nuts?.yet.
s e n k u  c o l a
Wouldn't it taste slightly like coconut?
It’s not cola from scratch if your showing us your recipe.
This is exhilarating.
Professor Poliakoff: I havent had cola in my life
I LOVE THIS; but the way coke manufactures do it is more simple (disregarding the machines and specific materials usage). Coke actually only has one distinct ingredient to make it taste different from other drinks and thats why its more popular from other brands that try to copy it.
Cola without any kola nut? The caffine is a central part of the taste!
Instructions unclear, I made cocaine instead of coke.
"cola seyrum" the hell you Makin my guy?
Nah man, How to basic did a better tutorial.
You forgot the cocaine.
Yeah what the fuck is a cola anyways
How to Make Cola: Just finagle everything.     Got it.
this is the actual cure for covid 19
Plot twist: it's not that easy, the caramel can start burning and turn into some rock hard shizz that is impossible to take of and this is hell
2:59, someone is going to buy the wrong one 😂
See yhu in 6 years when this is recommended    If the cornavirus doesn't kill us...
600g of sugar in 2 cups!? Diabetes anyone?
what!?!? No Kola nut??? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kola_nut :)
Nutmeg? Are you saying that Cola is an 18th-century cooking?
Boarrrrring.
Did you add any carbonation?
No I’m not making soda during my self quarantine, stop recommending this to me YouTube.
Why didint you ask a antvaxer for some essential oil
You cheap basted
Please speak properly. Thank you.
This is one of those things you just don’t make homemade
Sooo why?
essential oils are mentioned   KAREN WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
Visitor: Whats the scale for? Me: That's for cooking up coke.
cool
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
when you say your a coke maker at home
ASTAGHFIRULA ALCHOHOL ASTAGHFIRLA HARAM
3:26 “sugar”
Cola is healthy after all.
Sir there's a easy way too, click the link given below...   https://youtu.be/2l8qS9pcOrk
So gonna try this!
My whole life I thought that cola recipe was super secret or smth and now I've found it in my youtube recommended
Forget this i'll just run to the store it really just cost me like $0.2 lol than all this steps.
Should’ve added a little read food coloring to the black to make it a little browner.
5:29 Why is there a robot in the background
never thought about whats in cola. kinda fascinating
I remembered that guy from the future who betrayed his superior for a single cola.
Bruh i cant even boil water,why am i watching this
THIRSTY!!! *N u k a - C o l a !*
Damn it, I made Pepsi instead
Fun fact: *you did search this*
I thought it was made from kola nuts.
Gotta remember this encase there's a Fallout and I get stuck in Vault 81.
I wish you could have just done this with the essential oils instead of being cheap and using "alternatives"
does coke cola and pepsi use all artificial flavorings?
*Senku has entered the chat*
You forgot the damn cocain
50ml of lime juice not 500.
Fake no cocain
CAP  SENKU DID BETTER  lol
Maybe this is the antidote for corona
This man really recorded a clip from Dr. Stone and didn’t think we’d notice.
Well done 👏 but i rather just get a can of coke.
This is probably healthier then the ones at the shops
This video alone can surpass coca cola and pepsi's empire!
Or you could buy a cola for like 2 dollars
Waiting for reviews
Karens can make this super easy with their essential oils
Me: minding my own business   YouTube recommendation: wanna know how to make cola from scratch  Also me: hell yeah *click on it*
This guy: *How To Make Cola At Home* Cocacola:"So you have chosen... Death"
I immediately went to grab a can of coke when i clicked this video no idea why
What about cola plant?
Gonna need this when I get quarantined
Hi senku
🤮🤮🤮🤮
for the classic old fashioned coca cola flavor don't forget the cocaine
why buy all those ingredients when I can get cola for $1.35 at the store
*Gen has entered the chat*
Cola uses red bugs to create like the color.
Underrated channel idea.
Senku must have watched this video
Youtube: yo look at this person make coke
Bro u forgot the *REAL* coke
theres more sugar than water in the recipe
Or you could go 1 mile and buy a coke
Corona Virus: You cant drink cola now.   Flavor lab: Hold my cola
This reminds me of that episode of Sam&Cat when coke was banned so Sam and Cat started making it by theirselves and sold it.
just watch dr stone
Coca cola tuuuuuuuUUUUuUUUuu..shola shola tuUUUuUUUUUuuuUUu
Handy during Coronavirus shut down
*coca cola wants to know your location*
how to craft heart failure.
Lets be honest none of us did this
This is close but there isn't any cocain
now do the first ever cola
This is fake news....where was the high fructose corn syrup
Anyone else seeing a face in that bowl 01:35? No, just me huh...?
I'm sick of always seeing the same comments begging for likes. I actually liked and was interesting in making coke at home, so thank you for the great video.
The video no one asked for, but everyone wanted
Watching this while drinking fanta
You forgot the cocaine
*Asagiri Gen shaking vigorously*
what the fuck is that backround noise
I'll just buy a coke XD
or maybe you can just buy a coce on the vending machine
AAAAHHH, Coke getto...
I will pay 1$ for a cola its better than create it by 20 $
Coconut oil would be gross. Simply warm the cinnamon lime leaf and citrus peel in sugar syrup. Add kola nut.
I dont get how you strained of the coconut oil... dont they kinda mix or smthin??
its literally ¥100 at 7/11
Dont they tell you to NOT consume essential oils?
i bet you feel some Dr Stone
*introverts* or you could by some cola for $0.99 😴
Gin!
Step 1 : Watch Dr Stone
Now the mentalist ain't going asking a scientist to do this and the science kingdom wouldn't be the same 😔🤘
Coca leaf?
How much cocaine is needed?
another way to speed up the process is to put the stuff with some type of sulotion in a whipping siphon and gas it with nitrous oxide, shake it and let it sit for 20 minutes. done.
This looks like a drug making lesson lmao
I feel stupid asking this, but how do you separate the coconut oil from the other oils?
Why am I watching this when I can buy a can damn
10g of citrus flavors  700g of sugar Seems legit 🤒
DONT STIR THE SUGAR!!
What essential oils do we need to make the flavouring?
not sure which settings you use for your mic, but its hard to listen to it because its sound very scratchy.
600 grams of sugar, delicious.
Can't you just buy the herbs already ground up?
Ah yes, the old 'soaking herbs in oil for a month or so' method. My go-to approach when I have these sudden cravings for Coca-Cola.
is this how to meth?
Dr. Stone be like
You forgot cocaine
ActivityName
Fun Fact: You didn't search for this video.
Thank God the title didn’t say “How to make Coke”
you use some weird creepy music bro ngl
He wrote "How to make Cola" and not "How to make Coke" he knew what he was doing
Then add 7 grams of cocaine
Or just you buy a can of coke
Science bitch
The only thing essential oils are useful for
Gotta give this to a mentalist.
Just gonna write down this for the apocalypse, when grocery stores run out of sodas
wow this is like making coke instead of coke a cola
Wheres the cocaine
waiter: do you want a coke?   me: i brought mine
first I'm must turn my  monitor
He : making homemade cola (nothing happened!)  Me: making homemade cola.. FBI OPEN UP
How can you let me be the judge? I can't taste anything
Dr.Stone in real life
Good thing the title wasnt how to make coke
gmo corn sirup
Dr.Stone?
Put color brown and add sparkling water.  Done..
PS: THE ORIGINAL COKE RECIPE IS KEPT CONFIDENTIAL.
Didn’t know that 10 Cent coke takes so much ingredients
not to be that guy but you said mortar and pestle wrong.
_FBI WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION_
Bold of you to assume I have anything other than ketchup and noodles in my kitchen
Or you can go to the supermarket
or, you could just go to the store and buy some coke
I have a better recipe       1. Go To The Store 2. Buy Coca-Cola  3. Drink
Cool!🙂
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Discovery has the most faukking annoying ad. 💩 definitely won’t go with them.
But u can buy a case of 12 for like $4 at walmart...
*puts in cocaine*
Let’s  be honest  we all cams here form recommended
shpauw
shpauw
shpauw
"...moonshine..." Police: FBI OPEN UP
yes!! the coca cola recipe is leaked!!
attempted to make this and made two dipshit substitutions: 1. used coconut sugar which doesn't caramelise properly 2. used Glenn's Vodka to attempt to emulsify the oil, extremely didn't work
bruhhh
Where’s the cocain
Or you could just buy cola
not coca cola?
I remember we need eggs to make coke
Fuck off
This got recommended to me while i was drinking Coca Cola..
ahah! finnaly  epicurous we find the level 4 chef, and as expected he makes his own cola
You forgot crack
Where are u from? U sound kind of Italian but I really can't tell. Its cuz u said euro and u dont sound British or Irish
Flavor: You can add alcohol        Me: Dronk
No do How to make coka
oops i misclicked the button i wanted to watch squidward stuttering for 10 hours
Dr.stone fans over here?
"taste similar" it probably tasted weird.
There is a 1 billion chance thati will need to remember this.
Sobe Jing, Shen and .... elixirs? No longer available USA, X7 ?
Or Buy it from a nearby shop....
Hi, I tried to follow your recipe, but I'm failing at creating the emulsion of the flavor oil and the syrup. I tried mixing the oil with some alcohol and then giving it to the syrup like in the video, but unfortunately it didn't mix at all. As a test I tried to put some gum arabic into a cup of water and stirred it with a hand mixer on full blast for a good 5 minutes while slowly adding a bit of coconut oil. This mixture also separated into 2 phases again.  After what I've read online it should be possible to create such an emulsion with gum arabic, but I think I'm doing something wrong. Can anyone tell me how to create the emulsion? I'd be really grateful.
why is the fbi outside?
Get excited
Btw coke is basically coal
So no cocaine? Damit maybe next time
If you melt sugar to caramel and caramel into a very dark brown its the foodcolor E105D wich is the color of a real coke so burnt sugar is the color of coke
very cool!
can use this when world turns to stone.
year everyone has all the ingrediens
Inatead of black food colouring, swap out some of the sugar for molasses. About a third of it.
it seems healthy
Damn, he is stuttering a lot XD
i thouht this was a blender tutorial
I thought I need to buy illegal cocaine
That's senku cola
do you need to put the white stuff in there?
How to make Cola at home: Step 1: Get a sodastream Step 2: Work somewhere that has a Coca Cola (or other lame cola) licensed machine. Step 3: Puncture cola bag with large syringe and extract syrup. Step 4: Place FlexTape(TM) on hole. Step 5: Quit job since you hated it there anyway   but seriously WHY CAN'T WE JUST BUY SYRUP FOR HOME USE?
Ye and we just buy one?
Le agregas cocaina y ya tienes coca cola
Me scrolling through the comment section searching for anyone who followed the recipe and actually made the coke... never mind I guess
Directions unclear, doing 20 years on drug trafficking charges
Youtube search and recommend algorithms based on my previous viewing history brought me here
Essential Oils are NOT for consumption! Extracts are.
How do I get rid of the coconut taste after using the oil
IBF OPEN THE DOOR
black food colouring, yum
I want to make this
I hate junk food and drinks but to be honest this the only item always makes water in my mouth but sad part is my instincts always beats my desire 😌  I literally forgot what it tastes like ☹️
Where's the coca leafs???
This is exhilarating
What about cola beans
Imma make this for a mentalist in case of an apocalypse
I didn't know Coke was so organic lmao
Or you could buy one
So why recommend it 2 years later?
coke: _uses essential oils_ anti-vax moms: *W O K E*
penis
can i use normal lemon leaves
You forgot the cocaine
U forgot about the main recipe Cocaine
Where’s the cocaine?
No I didn't enjoy it. Alcohol is prohibited for me. What other alkaline solution? Anyways food coloring is cheating 🤣
OK, now let's take it to snow-white...
You might want to use stevia instead of sugar. Completely bio cola
No cocaine? No thank you
Him:today I will show you how to make cola        My: today i will show you how to buy A cola
Just go into the store and buy it, 50× easier.
what about the Kola nut lol
Dafuk is the background noise and music?
tried this recipe. the original oil tasted of coke. but after i turned it into syrup it tasted of tea. any idea where i might've fucked up?
*"HOW TO MAKE COLA AT HOME"* YouTube algorithm knows exactly what I need.
so making cola at home is more expensive than buying it from the store...
How did you carbonate the drink??
J
Just pour 2 garbage bags of suger.
How big are your limes!? 500ml from one lime 😂
Note I always add about 3.5 grams of pure cocaine, you can substitute with meth or crack.
Bruh...is this halal?!
500 ml of lime juice? Thats half a litre and I haven't seen a lime that juicy
Did anyone try this?
FBI OPEN UP!!
Nobody:  Music: scraping a spoon in a bowl remix
imagine drinking the stuff they put in gasoline
The original coke had cocaine in it
my teeth do not approve
scam
Anyone else getting cherry angiomas from the original coke or from other carbonated drinks?
Fun fact: this video was recommended to you
Also Dr. Pepper is just prune juice
*Ishigami Senku liked the video*
Next video: how to make crack/cocaine in your own house DIY!  **DONT CALL THE COPS** **IM ON THE FBI WATCH LIST**
Already learned it from Dr Stone.
And how do you make Coca Cola?
This is how you’d make coke in minecraft lol
Wait till the fbi hears about this one
I'm sure buying all these ingredients and all this work is equivalent to just going to frys and buying a 2 liter of coke.
I'm putting in my playlists
I have a good tip and very fast one      Go to a shop buy a Pepsi and then replace the logo to Coca Cola
Or maybe we can just buy 1
Next: how to make pepsi. Stock plunder 20%
Senku cola
It's just like gulaman.
WHAT lime leaves???
Make Fanta please!
Senku cola!
I'm fucking thirsty
Oh my god thank you!! I always wondered how i can make my own shitty coca cola rather than buying one
See you in 4 years lmao
How did you get the sparkles in there? I feel like you've just poured normal coke, change my mind.
I'll rather go and buy cola for everyone.
How to basic: you weren’t supposed to do that
I add some cardomum pod essence to the 7x compound and a bit of ginger.
awww we could have seen how it looks naturally without the coloring :(
Me: I want coke  Mom: We have coke at home  Coke At Home:
I would rather buy the small bottle one's right next to my house for less than 3 dollars
I tried it and it doesn't totally taste like Coke but it has a good citrusy taste to it. Thanks for the recipe, will surely make again.
Kid  1 .I got some real  soda ,  i got some real soda ,  you cant afford it . You are on welfare ? Smash!!!  Kid 2. I got a some soda ? And you dont have none ? Kid 2 want a sip? Sike!!
This came up in my reccomendations... But this recipe looks nice actually!
U guys will not do it .... i confirm 😂
I'm spooked. I've been thinking of how to make cola bc I've been craving it for the first time since being a kid and then this pops up. Youtube and google I swear to f*ck if you've figure out how to hear my thoughts I'm taking off into the wild
Dr stone
Ight bro. Imma just go to Walmart...
what a coincidence I was drinking a coke when this was recommended
Wait.  So no Cola bean?
Youre very smart to come up with a way to make coke!
What is that thing you use to strain the coconut oil but not the other essential oils?
I don't like cola, but I really would enjoy trying out a natural homemade one. All the ones that are buyable are essentially chemicals with water...
instead of cocaine he used alcohol as a mood-lifter
Or you could go to the shop
Senku 2.0
Fuck
Idk why I'm watching this
Now make sprite cranberry
What is that never heard of it
I was searching about guitars. Thank you youtube.
The original recipe contains cocaine.
Who is Here after dr. Stone?
An orange flavour is from oranges, a lemon flavour is from lemons, a cola flavour is from what?  It’s not a riddle I seriously don’t know.
good
If this is actually really close to the recipe there's no way that coca cola would even let this man live
cola is literally the only thing ill remember to do incase we go back to stone age
Dr. Stone brought me here
Can you use honey instead of sugar, or maybe suggest a more healthy alternative?
Lets be honest    No won searched for this
Babe will you grab me a coke (her) sure but i have soak some leaves and peels for a month
the filming on this was a huge yikes.
U suck
I’m not concerned about how to make this. However, I am trying to figure out why this man’s American accent and using the metric system sounds so, so wrong. USE THE IMPERIAL SYSTEM, DAMMIT!! Haha
Dr.Stone time
Me: "I'm tired. I should go to sleep."  YouTube: "How 'bout *N O* "
*Drinks coke*   *accidentally watching this*  *Spits*
Just buy in a bottle like a reasonable person
Yeah ima stick with buyin the soda
Definitely getting Dr.Stone vibes
I was expecting it to be fake
Interesting. I'll never try that out.
can you also make a tutorial on the original recipe? Asking for a friend
YouTube recommendions are soo weird
Or...you know...buy some from 7/11
Can I use coca plant for the taste
Or you could just buy a Cola
It’s funny as hell that everyone here got this video years later😂
"music by normalboy"  okay calling this "music" is extremely generous
I’m just wondering- *why was this in my recommended*
PSA: DO NOT EAT ESSENTIAL OILS!!!!!!! Please please please. They are like super strong chemicals. Look it up if you don’t know! Idk if this guy meant “essential oils” when he said it or if he misspoke but DO NOT EAT THEM ITS POISON
So basically I was at one of the local shops, and a police officer came up to me and asked "What ya makin?" So I said: "I'm getting the ingredients for 7X so I can make some coke"   0/10 didn't work, bought the supplys but I got arrested before I could make anything. Lemme know if this has happened to anyone else.
I drank too much cola   It give me ebola
Wait this isn‘t how to basic
I actually did search for this
After i finished dr stone all sorts of science stuff is in my feed
ok but did you carbonate it Seriously flat soda is gross you carbonated it right
*why is the FBI at my house*
YouTube has seen my search history and recomended: How to make coke.
I mean it's a good thing you didn't call the video 'how to make coke' or the FBI might get the wrong idea
When your too poor to buy Coke
Yum
Why is the background music so ominous
Try adding pear juice
No neeed for such hard work do these Indian style make lemon tea and keep it in freeze and after 30 minute enjoy
pop=spicy lemonaid
Watch out they might sue you for sharing their money mongering soda project
Instructions unclear; Accidentally made SCP-207
you forgot the coca leafs
Mostly Ethanol ....dude ....be serious ....it MUST only be Ethanol  or Water in Ethanol ,   be careful , don’t make people sick !!!
You forgot the 3 lines of Cocaine
if theres not crack cocaine in this cola i dont want it
This dude just became senku
_ohayoooo sekaiiii good morning wooooorld_
*My youtube algorithm has officially gone nuts*
The start shouldn't be a problem for Karen she has all the essential oils
Just ask senku for his recipe
How come I haven’t seen any dr. Stone comments?
So it's spicy Sprite.
The kid who watched Dr. Stone:
He should of named the video "How to make coke" Instead of coal It would be funny troll
*How To Make Cola* *Me Calls HowToBasic*
Dude, you forgot the coke
I have a test tomorrow and this is what i find interesting
ill drink to that
*dr stone senku cola has entered the chat*
well
￼
Gee- ur method makes coke seem healthy, organic even 😅  Edit:Oh wait- I commented before the ethanol and sugar
Or you can just buy Coke from the store and it will take you 5 minutes.
or you can buy a coke...
I, uh... Can you really call it "cola" I'd you're not using any kola nut? O_o  Don't think you can call it the "original Coca-Cola  Recipe" if it lacks BOTH the ingredients the name comes from.
Does Cola kills?
is it safe? you used moon shine
They use corn syrup for the recipe.
*Senku Ishigami would like to know your location*
Or you can just buy a sodastream and do cola i 15seconds
Who's here after watching Dr. Stone?🔬🔭✨
No thank you i’ll just go to the store and get it for 2 dollars
Hey my mommy won’t buy me coco cola so here we go daddy
Step 1: buy a coke McDonalds
Had to click just in case a magician fighting a war between caveman and science decided to switch teams. seeeenkuuu
Anyone else who randomly got this in their recommended?😂
how to make money ..
I'll just buy a cola...
Instructions unclear got bodied by a cow
FBI OPEN UP
''500ml of lime juice or about one lime''
Just waiting till the world gets hit by a huge green light and we all turn into stone.
plot twist: He replaced the imposter drink in the glass with an original coca cola from the store.
COCA cola is unique  But Pepsi can be copied
Me: don't watch this, you're never going to make cola at home. Brain: what if someone points a gun at you and says make a cola drink or I'll shoot you.
i honestly have nothing to do flavoring or cooking but you sound like a nice person, ill be trying that
Exactly. Playing with the ingredients to get YOUR flavour is the fun of it
Once upon a time one human suddenly  want to make a drink made of lemon, sugar, limes with some random spices.
I know another way to get cola       Buy it
No thank you i will buy it
When you are vegan and still in mood for Coke
so this is where Senku learnt...
dR. Stone??
I didn't search for this but it was in my recommendations and i clicked it and watched. Now m not going to make this.😋
You forgot the coca paste...
This:How to make a cola Me:Thats too hard iwill just made a senku cola bye
He is missing two vital ingredients in Coca-Cola, they are found in the actual name. Coca syrup from the Coca plant, the same plant that creates the drug Cocaine and the Brazilian Kola nut for its bitterness and caffeine content.
he made cordial
senku watched this video
Okay, but wasn't this a secret?
Me:-doesn't have coke-  5-Minute Crafts:Allow us to introduce ourselves  *tutorial plays*
Fun fact: you didn’t search this up, nor are you actually going to try this
I legit though this was a prank when i heard essential oils
I learned how to make Cola from Dr.Stone
propably it tastes like other home made drinks...
To be honest I thought it's another *Senku CoLa*
i think thats more espensive than coke...
Isit just me or is there a weird screeching like sound throughout this video?
Go to Persian super market and ask them for bahar-naranj which is bitter orange Leaf you couldn't find 😎  That's what we add to our tea, along with cardamom
I thought cola had ginger in it guess I was tasting cinnamon
im pretty sure neroli oil is extremely expensive maybe few hundred dollars for 100 g i may be wrong tho :/
There is no alcohol in cola. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to drink it.
Is the voice over a woman or a low testosterone male?
Wow why did i though  this was a how to basic video
I learnt how to do it from Dr Stone. AMIRITE WEEBS
How to make cola    Just put cola in a glass
Spoilers: watch dr.stone
Me *opens water to be healthy* This guy ”coke is basically lemon with spices*  Me ”wtf, let me try this” *opens coke*
Main Ingredient : Cocaine
Real question is how it will react to mentos
Thank You Senku
I would like the very first version of cola (if you know what i mean) ;)
Wha about the cocaine...not the OG Recipe
*Coca Cola rang his door.*
Mmhmm
Dr. Stone: Exists      This guy: Imma Bout to end this weeb's whole career     EDIT: this low key blowing up
“Mom can we go get coke?” “No, we have coke at home.” *Coke at home:*
Take a shot every time he says flavour
Me: drinking water because there's no coke  YouTube: so yeah you can make your own coke now
Wait that's Illegal...
*Wait this is more expensive than the actual coke*
Please make more taste copying videos!
Flavor Lab: How to Make Cola without essential oils.      People who watch Dr.Stone: *Pathetic*
I'll have a craft diet coke please
L
ahh yes, this is healthy diet COKE
I want Sprite 😭
Realize that most of us don’t even HAVE these kind of ingredients.
*senku intensifies*
Or you can just drag your lazy ass to the store and buy some
Normies: Weebs who watched Dr.Stone: isn’t this common knowledge?
Im having trouble emulsifying it with the alcohol.
Where's the coca leaves?
Nobody:  YouTube: You know what? You need to learn how to make some Cola!
Imagine we could've explain tastes with words! That would've been amazing! i'm high af
Me with a coke right next to me after i realized this has lemons and spice: you disgust me.   *continues to sip my coke*
note to self. Remember this in case at war with primate teenager
I would've just used Kool-aid
Just be honest, nobody searched for this
*my pussy taste like pepsi cola*
Dr. Stone already showed me.
This dude just mixed water and oil together
go to caralho
Flavorniod...lol
I'd prefer to buy my cola from the store, thank you.
*Me at 3am* "I should go to sleep right now" Youtube: How to make Cola Me: I dont need sleep I need answers
it's easier to just      fucking buy coke
Normies: WoW, this is so amazing! Me, a Dr. Stone fan: Yeah, I've seen that one before.
nigga said dr stone
Where is cocaine
SO wtf is a"kola nut"?
Me after watching Dr.Stone
I live on coffee and Coca Cola....this is way to much work tho...
You forgot the coca leaf
You should make a video about making Smegma beer. That would be cool.
You forgot to add the magic ingredient...cocaine
Should have named it how to make Coke imo ;)
How to make a coke in more than 10 minutes instead of buying it for a cheap price at markets:
I learn how to make cola from dr stone '-' so .....
Cocaine is an optional flavoring
Cocaine is an optional ingredient
You forgot the cocaine
i know this shit tasted like ass. this man cut every corner there ever was " instead, i used..."
Coca Cola: Recipe is top secret YouTube : Fuck You
Don't copy from Dr.stone 😂😂😂 (i was typing this comment and then saw this is 2018 year old video
This is way more complicated than I thought
Is this a fuckin boy or a girl who's on testosterone
Pepsi class coke a cola bottle i dont give a dame
Dr. stone in a nutshell
The nano bots in my blood are communicating with youtubes algorithm.
*None of us are here because we are genuinely trying to make cola.*
Senku would be proud
Why is this in my recomendations
People who watch Dr.Stone:  *now this is Exhilarating*
thx my grandma didnt stand a change, she die....
dr stone brought me here
How broke are you to not just buy it from a store and drink it, intsed you m a k e it
*Looks at Clock* *2 AM* “Welp looks Like I need to sleep” “Hey look guy makes Homemade Cola” *Binge watch Entire Channel*
isn't it cheaper just to get ot from the store and it doesnt even have to be the branded one
Cost more to make than buy soo nah
How Senku prepared his cola for Gen
just watch dr stone and you'll know how
Learned from Dr stone
This reminds me of Dr. Stone
I can't tell if this video is serious or not but I love it
Asagiri Gen needs to see this
Are you an alchemist? :o
Dr. Stone????? Copied???
bumass nigga can’t afford $40 oil and gets 4.5million views     jk
How did u find the recipe
When the ingredients are more expensive than the real thing
Delicious
Is there a really weird "scraping" noise in the background at times?
Wheres the cocaine tho?
Are we going to make cola from scratch? No. Are we still watching it?   Well here we are.
Dang it they beat senku to the recipe (i think)
Thank you, my husband doesn't consume refined sugar, does anyone think that this would work with honey, natural fruit sweetener or maple?
Omg thats a loottt of suger
See you in 6 years when this is recommended
Instructions unclear I told everyone I make coke at home now I'm in prison
Me After watching Dr.Stone
Lol, rich ppl should drink homemade cola cuz it costs more than normal cola
step 1: buy a sodastream
Senki from Dr.Stone definitely made it look easy to make...
Senku: I see.... 🤔
Pop tastes great, but I rarely ever drink it. Seeing how it's made I'm glad I don't
How to make cola Me ok  Him showing how it made  Me fuck this  Me again fuck this I will rather just buy coke for 2 dollars
If you wish to make cola from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
I already know how! I watched a video like this 5 years ago
This comment is 1+ years old!
dr.stone has a youtube channel?
Coco cola wants to know your location
Walter White wants to know your location
Some says that this was a reference to dr. Stone.
diabetes, sugar, and sparkling water    ez pz
I can smell coke
Why isn't anybody talking about the background music . . . . Sounds like a horror movie
That looks nasty
This is your daily dose of Recommendation   DIY cola
Waiter: *"is Pepsi ok?"* Me:
Are u primink bro, hahaha
Umm I would rather spend less money on a  bottle of coke than spend a bunch of money on the ingredients and a ton of work.
me after watching this video: goes to the nearest store to get some coke
Dude: makes cola * cocaine comments have entered the chat*
Dr. Stone
Try watching DR.STONE he also made a cola ahahahahahaa
This is just making lemonade with extra steps
Senku be like
I thought it was from howtobasic cause of the title lol
Yeah but you forgot the cocaine
Need to use this in case some mentalist switches sides
mom can we buy some cola  Mom : no we have cola in the house  The cola in the house :
Thanks, I’ve been asking people how to make coke for years and I’ve been getting all types of weird looks
I thought that the original Cola flavor was made from Kola nuts
why does it sound like a train is stopping in the background
I think I made the wrong type of coke
What's a soda
so much sugar
Dude it's 3 AM, please. Can I sleep?
SENKU
“Someone leaked the recipe for coke online!” “Let’s get cooking!”
The flavoring part 7what ?? Thanks you for .. what ?
Now you add the COKE
I am about to make cola for my food technology exam
Thanks now I can use this use this useful knowledge to create a 20 euro drink when I can buy it at 1 euro
This is what doctor stone watched before making cola
It would prob cost more to make this but who cares
Ahem ahem Dr.stone ahem ahem...
I thought this was coke not coke
Dr stone
just spend 40 dollars lol
Me skips around to see if they use anything cool or weird   Me seeing the image at 4:15 without any context: wait that’s illegal
The first ingredient is cocain that’s the hardest to get but the rest will fall into place
YouTube: how to make cola  Me: step one add COCAINE!!!
I like Pepsi.
nobody: this guy: poop juiice
Pretty sure he wanted to actually make the other Coke.
How to make cola....... MIX WATER AND BLACK FOOD COLOURING...... FINALY ADD TONS OF SUGAR 😶😶😂
Cola in no way contains neroli, neroli tastes like aftershave
Where is this person living/from?
Where does the carbonation come from?
Dr stone
Why is this in everyones recommendation? Bc Dr Stone was trending. Yay science
Y is there scary music in the background
D I A B E T E S
So if we take away the artificial colour and put less sugar Coke isn’t that bad for health...... or homemade coke in fact
How you gonna make a cola with no kola in it!?
how is this real "cola" without Koca leaves....
Dr stone
Dr. Stone taught me how
FBI OPEN UP
Dr.Stone
Instructions unclear, made cocaine
But wheres the coke? Do i snort it later or add in some point??
You could’ve gone to the dollar store and get a 2 liter for 2 dollars
Me:*looks at thumbnail*   Me:It’s useless it’s just one cup   Him:It’s still great atleast you can copy it and make another one   Me:Still a waste of time
What about carbonation?
I already learned this from Robot Senku.
But where's the cocaine?
In NJ there is a drink called Boost that is pretty much the syrup you made.
you forgot the cocaine
learning how to make cola at 3 AM
Dr. Stone type beat
3:55 "lastly, we need 500ml or about one lime's worth of lime juice" - what kind of demonically juicy limes do you get at your local stores that contain HALF A LITER juice? I'm happy to get a 300ml glass of juice when pressing at least three friggin ORANGES.
Was low-key kinda hoping this video would tell me coca colas secret ingredient...
Can we  replace the sugar to other more healthy thing ?
i checked the comments expecting dr.stone references
Get Excited!
Add artificial crap and it will taste same and destroy your kidney
*Coca-Cola disliked this video*
I was about to ask why he would call it Cola but I can see why "How to make coke at home" was a bad title.
Cool Vid! Not as Cocaine-ey as much as I hoped tho...
now teach how to make coke
Caffeine is easy- just buy a few of those truckdriver tablets from Wal-Mart.
Why would you make this crap?
Or just get a soda stream and cola flavouring and use water and flavouring xd
“cola is really just a citrusy lemon drink with some spices in it”  well, that’s exactly what it tastes like so it’s not that surprising
I hope de FBI dasent come
Who’s drinking a coke while watching
Coke without coke?!  That's not Coke, that's tea!
just buy a cola
hope senku reads this
I’m pretty sure Coca Cola was originally made with cocaine hints the name COCA cola
I know how to make tea That's all
How to make the power puff girls next please
We HAVE to add alcohol. It's in the ingredients. Bottoms up!!!
So, this is why my ex went to Rehab!! Because of his "Coke" addiction lol 😏😏
250 ml is a metric cup
*C’mon man just watch doctor stone.*
I like how coca cola has a vault for the ingredients and this guy made it in his kitchen.
Dr stone anyone
senku did this first
so you need four grams of cinnamon, ten grams of orange peel...   ...oh and also 600 grams of sugar.
But you didn't carbonate the soda water... How is this bubbly?
Time to update the snopes article...
doesnt cola have tamarind in it!
Dr stone did this shit
or u can buy cola from the store like a human !
It led me to making moonshine eventually
If I ever see the real process of the cola I've drank.... Maybe I wouldn't want to drink any other cola again lol.
Why?
Why not use Kola nut?
My version: lemon juice, coffee, kinley soda, sugar.
Who tried it? How does it taste?
Gonna ask my teacher if I can use the science lab to cook up some Coke and sell it to kids behind the school
Now, all I need are the ingredients and the urge to make a cola. 😂
Damn new season of Breaking Bad looks different
k but like i heard there are only 3 people who knew the coca cola recipe...
Dr. Stone
Funny thing is this is expensive
Originally cola was designed as a herbal tonic, you can by a brand called “fentemans” I think, they make the original flavour before it was dredged with bubbles and sugar and you can really taste that proper coke flavour.. it’s hard to explain.
500ml in one lime? Wow, what kind of giant limes are you using. Haha.  I assume that was a mistake and it is meant to be about 25ml?
FBI: *Reads the title* seems ok... Wait HOLD THE FUCK UP!!
Almost skipped this video but i needed to know how to make cola at home
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
hi recommended viewers :)
You forgot on important ingredient..... cocaine
Asagiri Gen : *happiness noises*
I wanted Pepsi (disliked)
Cola with out kola...
How would one make a sugar free version?
No cocaine? This is bullshit. 5:54 of my life wasted.        ... ItTasteGoodThoThankYou...
This guy laughs through the episode of Dr Stone where he made cola
Me: Oh so cola is actually healthy since it's based from fruit!  This video: add 5 tons of sugar to the pot
Zero calorie cola and I'm down with it.
I know this by Dr stone
senku brought me here
are you related to dr. Stone ( Senku)?
dr.stone
Cola but is so bitter
From the time the coke is made, we have gone to the store, bought the drink and drank it
The high was shit and snorting was hard. Not recommended
It really helps while the apocalypse arrived. Fallout.
Plot twist: He adds cocainr.
This is pretty much real cola, instead of cola flavoured soda.
Flavor Lab: Makes cola with modern day technology  Senku: Makes cola with barely any technology
We flipping soda bricks today 🥤
Did you know that the flavor is from 1880s
How did you carbonate it
If only real Coke was actually made this way...
You forgot the acid
Wonder if it can be use as vape flavor..🙃
I dont like healthy coke anymore :/
“Scratch”
Would you be able to make a tasty alkoholic beverage, using a similar method?
Drad
Oh man your genius
or you can just buy cola
And then you add the drug thing (forgot his name)
Have you heard of soda stream?
okay now teach me how to make coke
People want to know  *does this work*
Make sure it’s ice cold
That’s cool
I'm not even gonna make it. I'm just curious.
Cola is not black, it is dark brown.
Basically wut happened in Dr. Stone
i really wanna see what cola with no added sugar is like? is like chinnotto?
Senku is punching the air rn
Yuck so much sugar
It's Dr Stone!!
now i want to drink a coke
This guy sounds like Mr Beast on little amounts of helium.
I thought it's the 1800s recipe :P
Could someone use orange blossom water/essence, found in supermarkets in cities with lots of Iranian immigrants? I thought neroli was orange blossom. The white flowers of the orange tree?
Where’s the cocaine?
I just realized that this syrup is exactly what the soda machines dispense. It always confused me why the coke machines always had some sort of dark liquid dispensing at the same time as the carbonated water.
Lets get honest.  no one searched for it.......
You know what's easier.       Just go to the store and get a bottle of cola.😁😁😁
so basically nile red but with food. nice
This is nice and all but you forgot the most important ingredient     *Cocaine*
So there is no nut called a cola nut?
Varies by jurisdiction but your local health food shop may sell coca-leaf teabags.
or just buy one on a grocery
I'll just stick to good old bottled coke
Dr stone anime made me want to look this up since in the  ep he made cola from scratch in a primitive  environment. Lol
Why YouTube Just why ????
Ahhhhh i see you watched Dr. Stone!
On a technical level: if these are the ingredients used why do they write 0% carbohydrates on the product ?
I sense Dr Stone vibes
Of course, Coke used to have cocaine. Cartel: *Sweats Nervously*
I think you forgot the step where u have to put  crack
i think the secret is cofe
Want a more authentic taste? Add cocaine!
I do t trust people who measure in grams
In no planet is 1 lime having  500ml of juice
i thought this was an how to basic video
Too much fucking work lol , just gonna buy from the store
FBI open up
I found 400lbs of neroli oil for 1.2 million dollars after discount.
So you add black food coloring you piece of shit
I rather buy a coca cola than wasting 5 mins of my life preparing this. Be clever.
This guy is irl Senku
No kola nut? What is this a joke
What if we made healthy cola
So, is this Cola healthier than the real Cola? :O
This is organic cola 😌
That a popular cup
*or just go get a coke for 2 dollars....*
When I clicked on this I started getting howtobasic PTSD.
How about the gas fizz  ?
I'm going to try this and sell it in my restaurant
AAAHHH NO. Go and buy some cola of your choice and continue growing your cannabis, you will get thirsty at some point.
Dr stone niggas:
How does someone discover this?
Why waste all this time and materials when I can just go get a coke 🤔
U forgot cocaine
No One haves the Coca-Cola Recipe.  The Real Recipe is behind a Vault. You should stop lying to people.
Thought this said "How to make Ebola"
wheres the cocanium
i dont know why this video recommended to me ?
It’s originally made from cocaine. That’s why it’s called coke
Nobody:  The guy who invented cola:
All the video I was saying "this must be a joke, this must be a joke"
How the hell you get 500ml out of 1 lime lol
You forgot cocaine bro
Wait, so alcohol is really in Cola? I thought people said that to keep me from drinking it. 😳
Just came from watching Dr. Stone online to find this in my recommendations. . . . . .Coincidence?
*YouTube recommends this because it thinks I’m not lazy... lol*
so you cant taste the strong coconut taste of the coconut oil ?
Senku?
Frankie need your location
Wait, that's illegal....
I made it ... to the store and just bought some coke because I’m lazy :(
This is super overcomplicated. Just take carbonated water, add lemon, sugar, some plant with caffeine, and maybe a bit of cinnamon, and you will have pretty much cola. Also it's pointless to call it a cola if it doesn't even have caffeine. Make a video about how to make soda. But if you want a soda just put some crabonated water, sugar, and lemon in a glass and it's done.
Are you that fucking stupid or what? You had 6 of the ingredients, not 7 as you proclaim, which means that the companies deliberately did not disclose the final ingredient in order to stop people from doing this.  You are a complete jackass!!!
You are fucking legend. But dont think ill ever make it. Maybe in future if i find this vid
The reason it doesn't taste exactly like a Coke, is because Coca-Cola actually has a secret ingredient, which is probably some serum that nobody can pronounce.
Flavor Lab: Shows video  Me a Mexican: puts a pinch of cocaine      (Cause that’s what they used to do)
Yo, been looking for diy recipes for diet soda. What would you replace sugar with? I’m partial to the flavor of soda streams and Pepsi’s artificial sweetener.
Oh.. So that's not HowToBasic video?
Senku’s cola
Im glad this isnt the how to bazic channel
i can’t even do 7+3 without thinking about it and this man can make Coca-Cola from scratch..?! 😂
Experiment
Or u can go to the store and buy a bottle of soda
Is this the same recipe as the one in doctor stone????
"How to make Moonshine Whiskey at home" and "How to make Coke" what's next, "How to make Meth on the stove"?
Cool. It's 3AM
how much cocaine do I add?
Cola is literally flavored seltzer water.
A lot easier to go to the store and buy cola, probably less expensive also.
Wow that's cool, I didn't know that, and I drink like a 2L of coke a day.
You sound like King Tommy from Froopyland.
can you teach us how to make the original coke?
this is how mcdonald’s makes it’s Sprite
knowing the brown colour is of colorant,then *WE CAN MAKE COLA OF EVERY COLOR*
I’m definetly sure that this guy is pooring actual coke on 5:18
getting the chance to put alcohol in your soda drink and refusing is considered as herecy in Poland.
you sound like mr beast
4:08 lmao imagine someone from africa tryin to do this
my dumbass thought he going to milk a cow lmao
Why am i watching this at 2am
Wow this looked so healthy until all the sugar was added 😂
I always wanted to drink a sweet free cola..
Couldn't Vegetal Glycerin be used instead of oil? It's usually used for food related stuff and other crap for things that don't mix well with water and it's made of plants oils already and is also cheap and easy to find.
Coca Cola Company : the Coca-Cola secret recipe Hasn't been revealed Unlike Pepsi !       This Guy : How to Make Coke !
Nah I’ll go out and get a 12 pack.  What a goon ass
you need 1/4 a teaspoon of white girl
First put a lot of sugar in it.
Me:eating orange peel "huh very interesting"
I wanna try this lmao
Nobody is gonna make this
Why would u recommend this to me now? I could’ve used this...
Imagine time traveling to the medieval Europe to present this as a energy giving potion or smth and it actually works and is expensive af only for you to get arrested and burned alive for "witchcraft"
With 4M views I’m sure he made more than that 40 bucks he didn’t want to spend.
Or you can go outside buy for like 1.50$
Never really even thought about how cola is made
Food coloring made it look awful. What about the carbonation?? Nobody drinks coke flat; you want to feel the carbonation burn in your throat.
does this involve actually coke???
He for got the coceaine
2:14 not my cola
There are two types of people. Those who shorten it to “Cola” and those who call it “Coke”.
You could make that, OR YOU CAN GO TO THE STORE AND SAVE A LOT OF TIME AND MONEY.  anyway.  Hehe
Dr. Stone brought me here
Here because of Dr.Stone
How are we able to still see this, why hasn't cola taken this down
Senku irl
I’ve watched doctor stone, I know how to do it
This is Exhilarating
Anyone thinking of Dr Stone when Senku made cola
This guy is like Senku from Dr.Stone
I showed this to my mum but she said she didn't want to see it because it might put her off
Me: *Wants to do this one day’  Also me: I’ll just buy it
You forgot the dried coca leaves
Gonna make this for that mentalist who was sent to see if I was dead
Yeet
Im supposed to be doing my hw right now
And 4 grams of cocaine
Cola is basically healthy. I mean, besides the 600g pure sugar, it does have 10g Orange Peel!
Coca Cola wants to know your location
I am addicted to coke 🤪
“How to make cola”  Me: Just add water and sugar, more sugar, more sugar, more sugar, until you have no more left!!
SMh just watch dr stone
I think in Cola they use molasses instead of (a part of the) sugar. At least that's what I think I'm tasting.
This is weird.. Coke taste nothing like any of those ingredients.
Salak böcek atmayı unuttu
My teeth hurt after seeing such amount of sugar xD But this is very interesting receipt!
Step 1, buy a cola.
Often I can buy a 2 liter bottle of coke for $0.89 at Walmart. How much does his syrup cost to make 2 liters (including buying the seltzer water)?
*Coca Cola Corporation: Oh no...*
"How many Ingredients do you need for the Coke?" Flavor Lab: *Yes*
Don't worry mate, i watched Dr. Stone.
Anyone notice coke from the can taste lemony and the ones from a fast food place like McDonald’s and subways are sweeter
😨
Why does his voice sound so familiar..I'm so shook
ehm... no cola nut, and no coca leaves?
Okay so 3/4 of it are pure sugar... got it
*sponsored by Coke*
Dr. Stone...anyone...
You might as well pour the entire bag of sugar into the mixture
What's the chance of me, end up making poison instead?
what syrup did he use
This better not be poison I'm drinking 💀.
Needs cocaine
Coca cola :you weren't supposed to do that
Cola... but I like coke
How many grams of cocaine?
How to make Cola  Me: my teachers name is Ms. Cola
This is probably more expensive than real coke
Cola is just an American trying to make his own Fernet
U forgot the cocaine
Just add some cocaine and you got Coke
At 420 4:20 he had the sugar there and it looked so wierd
I expected cocaine to be one of the ingredients but okay
Water Sugar Co2
Stop lying, I know that shit is made of battery acid.
*the whole USA wants to know your location*
"Go buy it"
I was looking for Dr. Stone's opening and somehow ended here
Nice try Plankton  Edit: Alright that background music is freaking me out.
At first I thought it was howtobasic video but then realized the channel lol
AAAAAAAARRRGGHHHH THE DOG WHIMPERING SOUND IN THE BACKGROUND
Why am i watching this ?
Im gonna make many of this and sell for a cheaper price than coca cola and get super rich
Could you explain the process of straining the coconut oil for me? Firstly, I am not an native english speaker so I am not sure what exactly "straining" stands for. Secondly, I get the part where you extract the lipophilic essential oils with an (obviously) lipophilic oil. But how does the separation of these two components work, as they are both lipophilic? Just a paper filter? Thank you in advance
I like your voice dude!
How many times did he say flavor/flavors
When your too frugal ...
homemade diabetes
Dr. Stone bought me here.
Cola trying to take down this video bc thier sales went down
Are you a man or woman?
Good, now make a Human from scratch (no fricking allowed)
Cola!
Fake he forgot the cocaine
Now make cocain
How many of you are here after dr stone
This is the video that senku watched
Or you can buy from store.
I made some lollipops using clown's noses and ant pheromones 🎄🎅🎅🎅🎄🎄🐵🐵🍭🍭🍭🍭🍭🍭👺👺👺👺👺👺
fred se thelw
Nice imagination
OOOOOOORRRrrrr..... you can just buy a can of pepsi/coca-cola which costs 0.50 cents.    Still cool to know how cola is made.
Senku be like:
Cola means butt in Spanish hehe
this is stupid just buy coke
I'll just pay $1 to buy a coke than to make hhahahahaha
Where's the cocaine?
What if this video is sponsored by cola companies to show how hard it is to make personally 😶 and make you to believe you'd rather buy it
When your parents say you cant have coke
Just buy coke its on 30cents
The more you say oil the more likely the US army will appear at your door
All the ingredients cost more than a bottle of coke XD
I don't know why I expected the exaggerated use of eggs... maybe because of the title...
Why tf was this in my recommended ?!
I assumed caffeine was something that occurred from the manufacturing process and there were additional steps necessary to remove it.
Did someone tested this out?
Ah yes, the man himself way before Senku arrived teaches us how to make cola.
so .theres no carbonated stuff or something?? 😲😲
Ok but when do i add the cocaine
Dude you forgot to add cocaine
Imagine he made a video where he randomly finds out the Coca-Cola recipe and gets shut down for copyright or some shit 🤣
How To Make Cola At Home:  go to any pharmacy, buy a bottle of cola syrup for around $4-5, add syrup to unflavored seltzer aka carbonated water.
Or just pay $1 for a can of cola
Just add Cocaine and you just made coca cola 😂
No cola nuts? That's a surprise. Makes me wonder what a cola made with the nuts tastes like (it would naturally have the caffeine).
What strength alcohol?
Or... you could save time and money by just but buying it...
Did we ask for this video? No Did we get it in our recom? Yep Do we like it? Absolutely Is my engrish bad? Yes
when youre too lazy to go to the store
I thought made it by scratching the glass container
Cola flavor originsted from the kola nut not citrus and drinks made with the kola nut taste so much better
*Senku enters chat*
Dr stone: am I a joke to you
Did not help twat
Who here dr.stone?
Me: man im like really thirsty for coke right now.. YouTube recommendations : *how to make coke from scratch* Me: *how tf-*
나: 치콜도 했겠다 이제 잠이나 자야지 유튜브: 콜라 만드는 거 궁금하지 않아?
I would rather buy a coke from shop
I bought coke
Anyone else thought it was from Dr. stone?
Just make senku cola
Coke is cheaper than that cola
Mum: what are you watching? Me: how to make coke Mum:    DRUG DEALER
Buy a sodastream machine and buy cola flavouring and boom Coke with no effort.
600 grams of sugar alright. PAUSE I’m calling diabetes
Dr stone?
Dr. Stone
The guy doing this is probably Senku Ishigami
Yo but what about the cocaine
why was youtube forcing me multiple times to watch this?
how do i make a glass cup
Senku did it better.
I am watching this but will still buy Coca-Cola later
the dude forgot the cocaleafs
69k... Sub's..        Nice
Thank you you tube now i can make coca cola
Coca cola wants to know your location.
There is no cocaine. It's not original cola :P
I dont have to try it to know that this Tastes nothing like Original Cola. Dont bs me dude
You forgot meat
Well I'll just it for 3$ from the store
Dr. Stone already taught me
Dr. Stone fans wya??😂
I made mountain dew instead of cola help
YouTube wasn't us to learn to be have healthy cola
*Let's be Honest no one searched for this*
*did i hear sum mad pepsi noises?*
my brain said @ 2am: if this video came out a few years after 1886(the year cokecola was established)  there would be some small amount of beheadings back then, just saying, but..      I will stick to lacroix and country time I think.. to avoid it happening in the time loops, since you sorta asked o.o
This is pretty good but ik I’ll never be bothered to make it 😞
Any Dr. Stone fan here ??
Did anyone actually try this recipe?  How did it turn out?
Ill be a mentalist if I get to drink this lol.
oh.. its like Cola sirup :D
Please zoom out your camera, man, its just a little too close
Dr. Stone?  🌝
Is this just me or *This is math class?..*
This guy watched Dr.Stone to learn how to make this
That's lot of work, better go to the corner store buy a bottle and enjoy   simple only fool we go through all that good video though cheers
This dude out here making the power puff girls
senku is _SHAKING_
"500ml or about 1 limes worth of lime juice.." Dude what big ass, liquid filled limes are you using? Half a litre of juice from 1 lime? I call 🐂💩
This made me rethink why they named it Coca Cola...
I'd buy that
dr stone taught me how to do this
This was in my feed randomly in 2020, thumbs up if it was for you too
Dr.Stone : *Happyness noise*
Wait did you zero out the scale? 3:43
Who else is watching this random video at 3 am
where's the cocaine.
ffs use a Kola nut.
I did not ask for this.
just buy cola
SUGAR
What about cola nut? You know, the thing that gives cola its name?
When I put the cocaine?
M
How to basic's one was ez
Dr. Stone anyone?
i'm watching this in case thousand years later when civilization is gone and i need to make this to gain a trust for a new friend
*coca cola wants to know your location*
This is why I don't drink soft drinks, that amount of sugar is ridiculous. I'll let the next person get the diabetes for me.
D R.  S T O N E
I'll be honest im just watching this incase the apocalypse happens and i feel like having a cola but all the cola manufacturer factories  are dead. I don't have to die without having coke anymore
If this was real, Coca Cola would've taken down the video a long time ago.
Nice
I tried to make this and drunk it. Now am in hospital from kidney failure.
Where’s dr stone at
fake
sharp water
Found the missing episode of Dr. Stone on the creation of Coke.
Do Dr.Pepper !!
Almost disliked just for calling it cola.
It was a good video...you people
Science is cool yeah science is cool
This is exhilarating.
I think u stole it from dr stone
No thanks I dont want to make a thing For cola thats like a dollar
To much work, I could just go to my Local Store and pick up a 2 liter for 89cents but Great Video.
3:55 that must be a pretty big lime
was this carbonated at all? it didnt really look super bubbly at the end
3:55 500ml is NOT 1 lime.
No one:  YouTube Algorithm:
Pepsico- we never share secret ingredients  Me- makes at home  Myphone-pepsico needs your location
I really watched the whole video as if I’d ever make homemade cola myself
Why am I watching this at 2am on a school night
Me: can we get some cola Mom: we have cola at home  Cola at home:
I think I’ll just buy it from the store.
Me: I really wanna know how to make cola CocaCola: y tho
*why do all this hard work when you can just go to the store lol*
Dr. Stone brought me here.
You may want to add vanilla extract next time. That will get you a little closer to the flavor profile your looking for.
This is exhilarating.
And that's how Dr. Stone made the Cola
Screw it, I’ll buy bottled cola. Much easier.
Or just buy it at the store and save a lot of time
how the fuck did you carbonate it
The Coca Cola company is going to sue you. Also I thought this was a HowToBasic video.
My trying to sleep  YouTube: you’ve obviously never made coke at home
Senku cola
senku watched this video before the whole world turned to stone i guarantee it.
Damn he didn’t go with senku cola
“I think this tastes just like coka-a-cola, but you be the judge” WTF? Who do you think is gonna do this. No one is gonna know if it tastes like coke.
Senku making cola for Gen in stone world
I just wanted to say I have that cup too
Wait... Coke from scratch or from crack? just being curious.
an important ingredient that gives Coke it's flavor is phosphoric acid. it has a sharp sour taste and it's also the reason why Coke "melts* your teeth
In conclusion, it’s much easier to just get up, go the store and buy a coke on your own. 😆
Senku is that you
Im shaking
Me: (doesn't drink soda) YouTube: Hey, want to see how cola is made? Click here!
Would adding cola nut be the secret ingredient?
*Black Food Color*
Dr stone anyone???
...well, he didn’t say it was going to be easy...
You didnt add the cocaine
Coca Cola : Nobody knows our secret recipe   This Guy : Am about to ruin this company
just watch dr stone
Google suggested me here
Guy hasn’t seen Dr. Stone
Feels like aliens interfering.. that music is weird man
Or you can go to your local 7/11 and get a can of Pepsi or Coca Cola.
why is this just now showing up in our reccomended
It tasted off becuase he used soda water instead of lemonade
I already learned this from dr.Stone
Coca-Cola is not black... It's caramel color
I'll join your Science Team if you make me a coca-cola.
Wheres the cocain
I never realized that cola was just a citrus drink that's crazy. Why have I never tasted citrus in it until now??
Interesting. Thank you.
Me: *buying a cheap drink from a gas station* Guy: "LETS MAKE IT"
So I guess one of the secret spices was cocaine leafs
Dr. Stone already taught me this😕🤷🏾‍♂️
Next Video      *How to make meth with water*
dr stone niggas know whats up
Carbonation?
the way he pronounced "pestle" made me shudder
Someone watched dr stone 😂
what about the kola nut and the coca extract?
you forgot the cocaine
Reduce the sugar? Impossible, or are we not making coke anymore?
Senku already taught us about this.
Didn't see the oils make it in.
A lime that has 500mL of juice? That's one big ass lime.
Do you have a sugar free recipe?
I was wondering how they make cola the other day, and then this gets recommended. Perfect timing.
Me sees the video: Hhmmmm Me Going to the kitchen: SOY SAUCE + SUGAR + ICE = COKE! Easy and cheap
40 euros boy your’e American
he sounds like the odd ones out lol
600 grams of sugar lol
You forgot the cocaine
*I want coke now*
Me: mom can we get cola  Mom : no, we have cola at home Me :finds this video
Is it self-carbonated or was the water carbonated beforehand?
Let’s all be honest,       No one is going to do this at home...
Time to put hydrogen cyanide inside it and give it to the CIA
basically its coke syrup used to make the pop at the malt shop. Only minus the soda jerk.
*Pepsi* *wants* *to* *know* *your* *location*
who else heard an alarm through out the video?
"cola" you mean pop?
I’ve already seen Dr Stone I don’t need to see this
Oor, I can just but a can of Coca-Cola and keep the curiosity for myself ('cause I'm lazy)
I learned from dr stone already
Dr. Stone
*FBI WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
*The Coca-Cola Company wants to know your location*
This was the video I never knew I needed in my life
What's the background music toward the end? It tripped me out
This is awesome! Incase I can't afford Cola, I'll just buy all the ingredients instead. Thank you YouTube!
Is that a tooth in the bowl at 1:10?
Ok.
Too much work , I  rather to spend 2$ and get me a real coke and alcohol free or do u want guys  to spend 40€ for a fake one LOL 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Was fun watching it though , but need a chemist
ok cool but why don’t u just buy it if ur already going through all this trouble
Dr.Stone be like
I knew about the sugar part.
When do we add cocaine??
I have just found your video. I have lived in jungle since birth. I not know what cola is.
Yeah you can do this.  Or you can just like,  Not.
“7x”     Chemical x-
So complicated.
The real question it's not how yo make cola, is why is this recommended while i haven't been drinking cola for maybe 5 years..
No joke, I came here because of recommendations, and I'm honestly staying on this channel because there is a ton of good, genius stuff with lots of potential. A giant applause for the owner of this channel, you make some good stuff!
Some people looking for make cocaine .. FBI open door ...
and what about carbonation.
3:58 500 ml eaqual to on lime....tee hee...er wrong.
Dr. Stone
Gen: (Heavy breathing)
Brb off to Make coke
how to make classic coca cola      𝙘𝙤𝙘𝙖𝙞𝙣𝙚 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙬𝙖𝙩𝙚𝙧
I feel like the original guy who made coke was trying to make crack, and accidentally made coke.
It's four in the morning
Madr me search how do coco cola makes coco cola...😂😂😂coco cola makes coco cola
Nuka Cola?
You can't make a video about making Cola from scratch, and then introduce one of the ingredients as ''7X, this is Cola flavouring.". Lmao what's the matter with you
3am anyone?
Again you don’t have Pepsi?
*are* *you* *senku?*
Step 1 (Go to the store and buy it.)
Gross
I already learned this from Dr. Stone
Mecha Senku already taught me this
Doctor stone be like
Less sugar and caffine free? Christ... You sure are a wet blanket arn't ya?
Me: this is some hipster vegan bs Also me: [reads the contents and gets pleased it’s indeed vegan]
You..you forgot the coke
Normal people:  Shit, all these damn ingredients are making me dizzy.  Me:  OHAYOSEKAIGOODMORNINGWORLD!!
I instantly questions if he's making the new or the 'old' recipe
Haha jokes on you he used Cocaine and Kola
You forgot to put the main ingredient which is cocaine.
Who else clicked the video for the comments?
You left out all the drugs
It needs coca leaves
Y’all forgot dem coke (a cola don’t use this against me feds )
I hope that the mentalist will enjoy this...
Ehh instead I"ll go for a 2L RC for  $.99
Can be broken* down.
my version is better,  walk to shop  buy a can of coke  drink coke
*Santa:* _Delete this_
senku did it better
Just buy a bottle from store lol...
There's no cocaine in my cola  Can you explain this?
The time it took to make this I could have bought plenty of Coca-Cola
Might just go to the shops tbh
Its tastes wierd cuz u added methenal bruv u added alcohol which guess what, neither Coca-Cola nor Pepsi use
This chanel should have way more subscribers and we all know it
500 millilitres in 1 lime?
Step 1: Put on a black hoodie and go to a dark alley at midnight Step 2: Take a bag of white powder from a shady guy for $50
Who else is here because Dr. Stone?
Make Senku Cola
Beat that coca cola! Looks like you dont need that safe no more!
DR Stone like this! :D
Or u can go and buy one
YouTube recommendations are fun
Who's also triggered that it weren't exactly 500g or 100g?
His voice sounds like mr beast
Just go to store and buy ur cola dude!🙄🥤
This is how senku did it folks
Wouldn't it be better to use a more neutral tasting oil than coconut?
YouTube recommendations: *My time has come*
FBI OPEN UP
When you want to make memes but your profile picture is the meme
why am i here to begin with
I watched the whole thing and then disliked it at the end, lol
Thats happen wheb you dont listen dr stone
Dr.Stone? Anyone?
Oddly, most colas do not have cola nut in them.
I thought this was a blender tutorial...
What’s with the buky music?
Where the cocaine?
dr. stone taught me this
Every weeb that watched doctor stone (myself included) to see if its legit the same
How to make cokacola in 3 steps Step one get a cup Step two put cokacola in the cup Step three your done!
They sell coke at the store? Since when?.... It always feels sketch buying from guys on the street...
Why was I scared that my eyes were going to get squirted when he squeezed the lime
Why dont we just buy from a store instead of making it.. its a waste of time.
I think I just going to the shop
I'm preparing myself for the apocalypse that would turns us all of us to stone, don't mind me...
So this is how Senku did it
This is amazing, I'm so glad I found this channel
Just get a coke
when you watch dr stone and this vid comes up
Real title:how to make a homemade Coca Cola and make it look healthy
Howtobasic but more smart
Y do all this... When u got a SODA STREAM         :b
I prefer senku cola
Or just buy cola
*laughing in senku*
I ended up making antimatter. Don't know excactly where it went wrong...
After i watched this i realize i can buy cheaper cola on the market for 20 cents a litre. or RC cola.
I would rather drink my own piss through a rotten sock
fuck this, I'm just gonna go to the store!
So this is how you make meth
I downed 5 diet cokes before the video ended
amazing
Who actually tried this lol?
This is probably where Senku learned how to make cola
Or you can ask Dr.Stone
Just go to the store and get some bottles of cola.
wait, does this actually work? cause he didn't add carbon dioxide but the end result is carbonated. pls correct me if I'm wrong
It
I have never tried cola what is ut
I thought this was impossible
This feels like an episode of Reading rainbow with how enlightening it is.
Why is the helicopter above me saying something about a FBI?
It tastes better if you fermented it twice
He says he wants some good ole fashion cola!
How to make cola  Step 1: buy cola
Just go buy a cola
Downvoted. No coca bean used.
Pretty much squeeze the oil out of the compost bin.
Pepsi wants to know your location
But there is no soda in it.
dr stone needs this
He forget the the good good
Rather have coke tbh
learning this just in case ww3 becomes a nuclear holocaust
Plot twist - this guy's tryna trick you into making mustard gas in your bathtub.
thank god now i dont have to go to the store
Idk how i ended up watching this video
Omg he made cola😳😳
I love how you say “I’ll let you be the judge” like he ACTUALLY thinks we will make this 😂
Off brand time
Well damn my recommendations have been all kinds of weird lately. Oh well now we here folks 😂🤣🤔🤔
I was expecting some Dr.Stone stuff lol
Has anyone tried this?
cool vid
What is this cola
The real life version of dr stone
You forgot the cocaine
Senku cola
So wheres the cocaine??
Don't forget the kola nut.
Hmmm. Now I'm thinking... Could you soak the ingrediants in vodka for a while and make a coke flavored vodka infusion? I deffo need to try that some day!
What if you would drink the syrup without adding water
Chemistry Lab
yo this dude made the big illegal
And the carbonation ?
*coca cola sale rate drops to 0%*
Damn nigga, lemme spare you a dollar go get yourself a coke on me :)
I would just do one thing differently. Instead of following that particular recipe I would go to the store and buy a coke ready to go.
next video making cocaine
I already learned this from dr.stone
you don’t need to put all this work and money and time       just get a normal Coke from your local Supermarket
Which recipe did he use??? Natural organic Cola gets its flavor from the Kola Nut. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kola_nut
Ingrediant #1: Cocaine
people don't agree when i say cola has a hint of lemon
This video feels like a fever dream and idk why
*coca cola would like to know your location*
What better thing to do than spending several hours and also additional time/money to buy all the ingredients, when you can buy one for around a dollar or two.
700g of poison.
why?
This is honest and very usefull
Diabetes: Am i a joke to you.
You forgot cocoa leaves for the flavour
If he adds everything nice and chemical x to that sugar and spice........
let's start our own cola company. #BeingEntrepreneur
*Neroli neroli give me the formuoli..*
Ok next time join me make cocaine
Me:....  YouTube algorithm: let’s get weird.
All I want is Senku Cola
Now you're going to give it to gen. Senku
Im muslim so i cant make this cuz it contains alcohol
idk how anyone can justify drinking this with that much sugar in. Christ on a bike!
Thought this was a render tutorial
Too much work, I’ll just stick to water
isnt that pepsi aswell
Maybe then we can make the original.  *W I T H  C R A C K*
i rather buy 200ml coke can for €0,40
You forgot the cocaine, it was the most important ingredient in the original recipe dude.
No one : Me : thinking about the coke’s recipes from Dr.Stone
(buys Coke)  Done.
I rather howtobasics ✌😅👍
DOCTOR STONE!!!!
Coke is actually red brown, not black
How many fucking sugar
Why am I watching this on 2 am. I need to sleep
2:49 why shouldn’t you use alcohol hahhaha 🙄😅😂
Isn't the main flavour ingredient the Kola nut?
Coke still uses coca leaf extract, which you didn't use. There's one company in New Jersey (Stepan Company) thats allowed to import coca leaves and remove the cocaine from the extract. You also didn't use kola-nut extract.
ill just buy for 0.14$
Without the cocaine. It tastes horrible
Where y'all Dr.Stone fans at ?
Ce scartaie pe fundal ???
He forgot CHEMICAL X!!
K so why is this in my recommendations?
How the heck did I get here
500 milliliters is not one limes worth of juice. One lime has a maximum of 50 ml at best...
... and then we need cocain
Someone somewhere working at Coca Cola right now:  delet this
Only that in the real business manufacturing plant, logically you won't see any of this but all chemical favouring to guarrentte  the profit margin to the finest.
At the end, I had decided to buy coca cola at the store ☺
Dr.stone be like:
Her recipe probably did not require the food colouring.
Senku cola
FBI !!! OPEN DOOR !!!
coke is brown, not black lol this looks like watered-down tar
*off brand coke companies would like to: know your location*
Moonshine in cola lol
Surprised there wasn’t any Kola but in the recipe
Lemme guess, Youtube recommends you here
Was just thinking that if someone can make coke at home and here it is
Thank you dr.senku
Dr stone irl
Me: Ah well, cokes may contain haram components in it. Might as well watch this tutorial to make coca cola myself which is surely halal  Flavor lab: 2:41  Me: *_click tongue_*  Please don't kill me my infidel friends
where is the coke?
just go to the store..
So that’s where senku learned how to make the senku cola
Nice this is just what I needed to get Gen on my side.
Tried it doesn’t taste like cola
why
700+ g of sugar?!?! Wth
I was drinking cola while watching it
Ok senku
Alternative title: *How to make coke*
Me (in Keanu's voice) : I know how to make Cola
Nobody: YouTube: "How to Make Cola"
Gen likes this
Anyone reading, please don't ingest essential oils, it's dangerous. Flavoring and extracts are okay.
STAY RIGHT THER
This is no right
First you take a line of cocaine...
this guy somehow knows the secret recipe to coke, while pepsi...
Okay I will do this *does the first step* *I gave up and ate my cat*
But what's the secret ingredient
Next make some coke from scratch
aight so when do i pour in the cocaine
Coke company actually uses lavender as one of the essential flavouring oils, alongside with orange, coriander and nutmeg. The colour of modern colas comes from a specific cocaine and novocaine tea leaf. They extract the caine molecules with steeping process, siphon off the caine chemicals and sell that off to pharmaceutical companies and then do a second brewing process. This helps to give colas their dark red/brown tea like colour
7x? What's that
The fact that used more than half a kilo of sugar terrifying!
Nice video; as a chemist I am wondering if you put this and the original cola in a GC/MS what the differences would be.... Certainly on the original cola you have a huge amount of phosphate and tropane alcaloid from coca leaves. Good job anyway
You probably didn't carbonate the water yourself SMH
Who is here after dr stone
I will go buy coca cola instead.
is it not cola nut flavoured?
"We have cola at home" kind of😅
No one :   Youtube: here's a video from a year ago on how to make cola
Or just buy a cola
cola berries
Why is this in my recommended? Wth?
Love the quality production of this❤
That's insane amount of sugar ....
first you must invent the universe
You seem to have completely missed the point that a real cola drink is flavoured with extract of the cola nut. Where is your flavour component for that?? For sure, you have produced a possibly pleasant fruit & spice flavoured soft drink, but for you to call it "cola" is stretching the bounds of artistic licence too far. I am a qualified Food Technologist and worked as a Product Development Chemist and Quality Control Manager in a soft drinks factory for many years, and I'd like to tell you your list of ingredients at 0m50 is *nowhere close* to the real recipe. Also missing is the "metallic" taste of coke, and this comes from a low dosage of phosphoric acid - not sure is this is available for purchase to ordinary citizens. The citric acid from the lime you used is a good substitute, but just doesn't give the required tang/bite.
DR.STONE ANYONE? :3
Coca-Cola doesn't want you see this video click here to know why?
I also made a telephone from scratch. A bunch of people from a village helped me
I KNEW CINNAMON WASBIN COLA I COULD ALWAYS TASTE IT AHA!
Original coke uses a lot of salt to balance sugar and some acid. I'm not sure, but I think it was fluoridric acid, which gives the clean teeth sensation. Most other sodas uses citric acid, though
So you’re making cola without coca or cola?
I trough this was a Howtobasic video
You forgot the most crucial ingredient and it's a hell of a drug.
just go and buy one
Dr Stone is that you?
What happened to the Kola nut? You made Cola, but didn't need the Cola nut?
Do i need a specific level to craft this cola?
Well im gonna go and start studying this just incase ww3 actually happens
I’m puttin Coke n Pepsi outta business with this shit u just wait
When you said that the alcohol was going to be practically non-existent in the final product I said DAMN
Need to keep this in mind just incase WWll doesn’t go to plan
You forgot the main ingredient          *COCAINE*
I like cars yeah
wait.... there's caffeine in a regular cola?
Or you could just go to the store.
So did anyone actually do this?
This man also knows how to make cocaine
After the watching anime Dr.Stone
Half way through the video I was contemplating if we were still making cola
idk what’s the point of watching this video... I won’t be making it anyway
Why am I watching this at 6:44 am
Carbonated Spicy Citrus Caramel drink
When I saw the how to and the thumbnail, I sort of expected an egg to be slammed into some cola or something.
If you don't have enough sugar, then substitute it for cocaine! Not only does it work well, it's more authentic!
Kukuku this is exhilarating
Why does this look healthier than coke
ALCOHOL
There's a reason this video wasn't named "How to make coke"
No cocaine?
Steps to make cola= First: Watch Dr. Stone
Just get cocaine and water with black coloring...... Done
Or you could just buy coke
Sooooo I made this and it taste like mountain dew then my ceiling fan fell out of the ceiling and killed the family dog the dog exploded all over the room my kids started fist fighting and one had her eye popped out...... Life is crazy 😵
Or just buy a coke
Sebku moment
Thanks Recommendation
Howtobasics one was better
Judging by video's date, it seems you were making your own cola way before it got "mainstream" :)
What the fuck it's made of leaves?
I came here literally because of Dr. Stone
You’re missing two things: caffeine and carbonation
Dr stone?
Why.is.this.in.my.reccomendations
Oh no wrong cola
whoa.... sugar melts!!!?
how much gum arabic should you use if you don't want to use alcohol?
I’ll never think of coke the same way again! 🙀
Isnt kaffir a bad word in south africa??
DR STOOOOOOOOONNEEEEEEEE
Just buy a coke and it'll make your life less complicated
It looks like the guy is ex-Breaking Bad
Instruction not Clear...      I Accidentally made a burger!
What is that annoying ass scratchy sound in the background
Your voice sounds like Mr.Beast
How many of u ended up being successful??
But what about the carbonated part
gen would be proud
Who’s here after watching Dr. Stone in the past month?
When you speak Spanish and English so you keep hearing him say ass but yk it’s not that
*Alchemy increased to 100.*
If he’s really making it from scratch, he forgot the age old secret... coke
Dr.stone is that you?
This is going on my "WW3" playlist, before the world goes to shit.
why am i making this comment
EOs are NOT food-safe. *Food essences* are safe. EOs are too concentrated.
Your a mad scientist
Imma just get one from the supermarket
Wait what the, I made sprite
I wanna see randy marsh watch this
This actually work it actually taste like cola maybe much better its much more healthy my mom said were not gonna buy any coke in the store were just gonna make this and it work!
It's not 'the real thing' without coca leaves...
With the money spent on all of the things in the recipe, you could have bought cola at a store
Instructions unclear   Created power puff girls instead
Dr. Stone is that you?
man said 500mL of lime juice is approximately one lime... hUHHH??
I don’t see cocaine
Maybe if you would've used gum arabic it would of tasted more like coke?
Instructions not clear: Accidentally made cocaine instead of Coca Cola  Now the FBI is knocking on my door.
A cola drink with no actual cola.
Coke is strange 😳
You don't need coconut oil.  I don't know why this guy decided to use oil..
That 1 glass of cola would have cost about $15 to make, BTW cola isn't black its a dark reddish brown.
What’s cola? I only know of coca-cola
I'd rather spend the 50 cents to get a tin of it..
wtf is the music playing in the background
Or you could just buy one from the shop
Why don’t u just buy soda it’s less expensive
*One time I may try it, but I got a better solution :*      *S o d a S t r e a m*
Coconut oil? Maybe that's why cola makes me ill because I'm allergic.
*coca cola wants to know your location*
Is this senko cola?
Dr stone
Does this contain ANY kola beans?
Cola is green without colour Edit I think
... oh and cocaine
Carbonation?
Or just go to the store and buy a soda.
Dude probally added cocaine of camera, you because cocaine
Coca cola take some notes nah jk
did you forgot to mention that u need carbonated water or is it just my Humpty Dumpty lookin head ass that just isn’t capable of watching a video properly
essential oils? like, the ones that are toxic to ingest?
what kind of fucked music are you playing?
Vandalieu wants to know your location
This video should be: How to make your life harder by making coke instead of buying it
Interesting, but, all this for one cup of Cola. Lol
Without coffin its pepsi
Wtf is up with the scraping sound
Sorry but it’s flavour. With a U
Fun Fact: The original Coca Cola recipe contained cocaine (about 9 mg per serving) which came from the Coca leaves that were used to make it.  The current formula uses an extract made from the spent coca leaves after they are used in the production of medicinal grade cocaine in  the US. Additional Not So Fun Fact: I can state from personal experience that if the doctor ever proscribes medicinal cocaine you will be in way to much pain to enjoy it.
not even 2 min in and I hear "im cheap", "shortcut", and hopefully ... this should taste like shit, even for cola
*this is exhilerating*
Your voice sounds like Mr.Beast
oh this is from scratch scratch
or, we buy a coke?
fun fact:        "you didn't search for this"
Download this before someone deletes this!
*The FBI* Wants to know your location.
anyone else hear dog cries?????
i knew doctor stone fans were gonna be in the comments
Not sure I have the patience to do this, but it's still interesting to know.
Tried to follow along with this recipe and I couldn't get the oil to emulsify. I just ended up with something that looked separated like salad dressing. I used vodka instead of purer ethanol but I used more to make up for it. Anyone know what went wrong?
Does that mean I've been drinking veges?!
Instructions unclear: Dick doused in melted sugar.
“I’m pretty sure all of you have had some form of cola”   Me who’s only drank sparkling water before: 👀👀👀
You forgot to add the coke-aine
500ml from one lime ????
All you need is corn syrup and mayonnaise
Need to remember this for world war 3 bunker
I am not watching this in my kitchen, and I probably be asleep but I need an answer to life's burning questions
Ya imma just buy a coke
He’s saying millimeters instead of milliliters
ok but i never thought about the flavor of coke. also why is this in my recommended?
and that’s on dr. stone
You forgot cocaine
It’s not cola it’s cock
*Gen Asagiri wants to know your location
The narrator sounds like the guy who wanted a cola in dr stone
This makes sense. There's sweets I used to get in tesco that were lime and cinnamon laces and if you ate them together they tasted like cola.
Yeah spend £10 on coke this way...
When is season 2 coming up?
This is missing the fun nose sugar
You can drink this right?
[Sobbing in a corner.] "I went to Berkeley."
Pretty sure there are two dominant flavorings in cola - ginger and kola nut. I don't think this is the recipe at all, not even close.
First time in this channel, good watch, you must be a mad scientist 😊!
Has anyone tried this? What does it taste like?
Me: saw this video  Also me:looks at the comments to look for Dr.  Stone comments
I think I’ll just buy a coke
Honestly kind of like knowing what I put into my cola and I might try this out. I hate pop because it’s literally all chemicals and artificial.
I hate YouTube comment sections so much these days. Can someone be original please.
I’m sorry what is cola ? And how does it taste
Ah, so you’re an alchemist then?
this is some dr. stone shit
Do hot cheetos
Roommate: "Dude are you making crack on the stove?" Me: "No I'm  making Coke." 😷 (Edit: Never got 1K likes before)
I though this was howtobasic for a minute-
My only problem is that you're leftie
How about how to make sugarless cola?
Yknow , instead of all this voodoo magic ,just buy from local store
cornstarch n mayonnaise
Ok but what about the cola nut?
*The FBI would like to know your location*
No cola nut?
Ah Yes Another Portion Master
lime ang honey
I wonder what would happen if you tried to make a beer or wine with this flavor profile...
What I do not want to hear in a how to video: " I couldn't find that"  "hopefully"
Interesting video. I’m for sure just gonna run to the gas station for a coke.
Great video. Quick and to the point, all essential information included. Impressive.
@SuperMega
Fraud. The carbonation just added itself, eh?
YOUR BGM IS TERRIBLE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Why is this in my recommended when i'm not even subscribed?
Just call me dr stone
Fun fact: Coke was an Accidental invention
Imagine if the title was “How to make coke at home” and he didn’t add a thumbnail so YouTube randomly chose 3:52 as the thumbnail.
can u not add fucking ringing in the back
This could be made a lil stronger too. And uncarbonated, the way i like it (i know. Sacrilegious lmao. But i always shake it out)
I should be doing homework, but im here
dr stone anyone?
is that overwatch in the background?
Or just buy a cola ?
Instructions unclear, got arrested for owning homemade coke
You forgot the number 1 ingredient 😏
its arabic gum  not gum arabic. gum arabic doesnt even make sense
3:55  500ml or about one limes worth of lime juice. Your saying one lime gives almost a pint of juice
What about the carbonation??
I Kiki. I I I I I I I I I I Kiki I I I I I. I I ik ik.  I I.       I.
1000 percent!
Who else is really thirsty while watching this?
"ight imma head out"
Great video overall awsome I didnt know half that till now. Thanks 4 cool video!
or jus go to the store
*isnt it cheaper to just buy a can*
*Gen has joined the chat*
Are you Linus Sebastien
9/10 of doctors will teach you this trick
Me: *Opens a Coke*
wtf are we drinking.
how to make *coke*         the fbi totally arent watching whoever is watching this video....
How to make the most expensive glass of coke in your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgTSyClDcKg
Watching this made me thrirsty. Gotta go buy some cold cola at the convenient store.
Senku is that you?
Me when he said “the alcohol will barely be existent”        😒
Idk why I thought this was "how to sketch cola"
You forgot the "Cocaine" part.
Does he mean soda
k but how come theres no cocaine in the recipe
Senku Cola's much quicker
Franky’s most watched video.
I’m high asf lmao why am I watching this 😂
how do you make "COLA" without Kola Nuts?
no
To much work! Store bought one will do. Thanks for the recipe though 😁
You cant make cola
Take a drink every time this guy says "Oil".
Where's the cocaine?
dr. stone did it first smh
The ceo of Coca Cola- Delet this video immediately!
*coca cola wants to know your location*
I don't think this is cost effective
need to know this to help a mentalist
But there is a cola molecule ? I have a bottle of cola flavour and it's intense as fook.
99% Dr.Stone 1% Actual Comment
Hang on.. is there not a kola tree??????? !
Don’t forget the aspartame and all the other chemicals they put into it
That's a lot of sugar
a bit of Mace will make it taste like Coca-Cola
But ... why?
Insane amount of work for a glass of coke
FBI OPEN UP!
Even "natural" Cola is disgusting. Thanks!!
One day I was drinking a glass of coke when I had this thought that cinnamon would fit perfectly with it I googled it and found some posts saying there's cinnamon in coke... I drank again and could taste cinnamon Now there's cinnamon coke on the market xD
YouTube: Wanna see how to make cola
You forgot the cocaine
No Cola nut?
Saw this video and thought of Dr. Stone. Scrolled down to the comment section and was not disappointed
Get Excited!
Senku be like
I couldn't take this seriously when I saw there was actually organic matter.
Am I ever going to make cola? Hell fucking no  Am I going to watch this video all the way to the end? Hell fucking yes
Or you can just go to the grocery store and buy a can of soda
Im making this for gen so he can fall for me
I really like that this is in everyone’s recommended now
Now I just need a 1 liter contain for it.
fuck that looks nice
I wanna see the lime that gives you 500 ml of juice
When do we add the cocaine
You forgot the cocaine
That's a lot of work for 1 glass.
The Coca Cola Company wants to know your location
You forgot to add the mind control juice
I subscribed because you used grams and litters.
What is the definition of scratch?
Imagine this video was called how to make coke
Everybody save this or the cola recipe will be lost to time in nuclear war
No cola-nut? I thought the name implied it.
It probably doesn't taste like a coke because it isn't a cola drink.
We analysed Cola in one of our chemistry lessons and one important ingredient misses in your recipe (and thats why you think that there is too much sugar): the phospor acid. There is so much sugar in Cola that normal you would have to vomit after drinking one sip, but with the acid you dont have to. So you get like the energy boost from the sugar (which is the reason why so many people drink it) but dont really feel the amount of sugar because of the acid.  Fun fact: the ph-value we got for coca cola im class was around 0,4-0,6 which is less than the ph-value of your stomach acid (1-1,5).   And yes our teacher destroyed the taste of cola for us
PSA: Please be very careful while using essential oils. They are generally not safe for food consumption and can cause allergies. Companies like Coca Cola have tested their formula so it is food safe, you cannot do this at home. So well done for using whole foods in this video! If that is too much work for you, you can use extracts (though they are often made with alcohol, so be careful there, too.)
Or you can "cook" it like you would do when making chili oil, for 1 to 2 hours!
How the he did you carbonate it
YOU FUCKING ALCHOLIC
Yeah the $1 can is fine
This was more of a chemistry lesson than anything else.
Here is how you make cola; work for an hour, stop at supermarket on the way home and buy a months worth of cola.
Did anybody else here a strange voice at the end. It’s very faint but I definitely heard a strange quiet robotic voice
Dude, until you poured the soda i thought you were joking
Are you telling me that Coca Cola is made out of healty stuff? Dam my world colapsed.
Might just stick with the corner shop
Wow, this seems just as poisonous as "the real thing".
OK i am just going to buy a coke
This dude making cola look healthy
Not sure how this got in my recommended
Can we get Howtobasic?  Mom: No we have Howtobasic at home  Howtobasic at home:
Loved the vid, but the background music made me want to cut my ears off
i think i missed a step instead of making cola i ended up with *coke*
Ooooooor u could just buy a bottle 😂
You forgot to add the fecal matter😐😐
Cola is garbage
4:00 mate why add caffeine when you can add cocaine
Now show how to make drinkable water from this scratch!
I was getting dr stone vibe from this coke
The coconut oil strain part, not clear
No thanks i would rather buy one
brUH you can't just reveal that its a spiced citrus drink and then carry on! Lmao jk, will definitely beg my mom to do it!
people gonna use cleaning alcohol for this? should be interesting.
Just buy a sodastream 😂
How about using raw sugar instead of white!?
ok but wheres the cancer diabetes and these kind of stuff
he sounds just like Slimecicle
The video recommended after this was “Hiw to make butter the Victorian way”. Is YouTube preparing me for the end of the world when we have to make everything ourselves??
Metric galore
The cokeplant was the origonal.
The Coca-Cola Company wants to know your location.
This sounds like a cauldron potion
Or you can go out and buy it.
00:15 “HES WANKING”
what about kola nut?
Could you make a video on how to pour home-made Cola?
Sick
Very cool. Nice to see some genuinely original content!
You forgot to first create the universe
How to make cola:  - Go to the store - Buy some coke
And you figured this out how?
i didn’t know coke was that fancy
“Home made Pepsi; it’s a little thick, but the price is right!”
Yeah that’s right I’m procrastinating
2020
Your massive over-editing of the narration makes this difficult to listen to. At least leave a little space between your sentences, to show that you know how to inhale.
I just walked down the block and bought one for a dollar. Saved me a lot of work
FBI want's to know your location..
U forgot the cocaine lol
Hey mum can I have a glass of coke? Mum:Were out of coke Me: O_O  Mum: oooooo how about we make some?  Me: *go's into Morrisons* This is a joke I love making stuff with mah mum
"4 grams of cinnamon or just a stick."   they're normally like 200 grams
вот откуда gophervid “вдохновился”
A shitload of sugar man i try to stick to 10 grams a day
no no no i just finished Dr.Stone and this has been recommended to me
I just discover you. Try to make more videos please. Good job
Senku Cola is the best Cola..
stfu and start the video
step one, get ingredients, does walmart sell cocaine.
Need that coca leaf extract that's all
are you dr.stone
I didn’t know you could do this 😂❤️
Is there actually cinnamon in cola? I'm allergic lmao
Upcoming video   How to make coke
10 billion percent awesome
What about some sugar-free homemade cola for diabetics? I really need some caffeine free cola but it's not a thing in my country.
I dislike coca  Like if you dislike Cola as well.
*neck crack*
What a waste of time...
I thought it was a howtobasic video
Are you from germany?
Prbly good to mix with hot water instead of cold.
Yes, I'll judge this soda for myself. Send me one in the mail. Thanks
I always wondered what coke would taste like without sugar.  Might actually be palatable.
You're not using cola fruit to make coke? Pffttt
No coca?
how to make cola: basically throw any sugar you have into a glass of water, throw in some black color changer and mix it. Enjoy ur drink :)
Cola is healthy as hell
*Essential*
Instructions not clear.Accidentally created kidney stones
Damn, I’m just gonna go to the store then
so u r telling me tht cola doesn t have cocaine in it?
How to make coke?
You forgot the cocaine
Sweet! For your next video, how about making a nice drink? Like Dr. Pepper.     Joking aside, cool video man. I've been wondering about this for a while. :)
Cola is a nut .. and it smells / tastes like cola ..... cola nuts are what it's all about ... especially seeing as how coca isn't widely available
I love coke. I did it last night. I also did coke the night before. Coke is great!
Girls in Chemistry lab: "Sooo boring", "What am I doing here?" Boys in Chemistry lab:
You don't sound European... AT ALL!
Don't forget the coca leaves... you know... for that bit of extra energy.
Why am I watching this at 2 am
Are essential oils even safe to consume? You're way is probably better
When he started listing the ingredients I thought of Fullmetal Alchemist
Dr. Stone
Too complex for me.
Why am i even watching this?
No cola nut? Absurd.
Today we make cola Frist step *Put Cocaine* Done
Im gonna add cocaine to this just like the old days
just went outside and bought coke
I had to check the channel name before I clicked this video
"Caffeine free" Im out
Wait a minute, you didn't add *Coke* to the ingredients!
You forgot c o c a i n e
Where the Cocaine at?
How do you talk so clear?
Coca cola would like to know your location
You need to add cocaine bruh!
you needs to make the no shuga edition XD
In the old days and you would need one more ingredient
Can we add *Coke* instead of sugar, just asking for a friend?
Senku sama
This is senku after the tsukasa empire raid
I don't like that this called for using EO, as you should never EVER ingest those...
*Dr.Stone has entered the chat*
I’m Watching this knowing damn well I’m never gonna make it
Karen now gives her child cola, because it has essential oils
Few experiments on my coke lab and I will become new Scarface thank you
Instructions weren’t clear, ended up with cocaine
So, this is a video about how to make a homemade coke that DOESN'T taste like coke???
Fake: He forgot the cocaine
No cola nuts?
Flavor lab: How to make Cola *Coca-Cola Wants to know your loacation
CEO of making coke
Title sounds like its coming from howtobasic
BLACK FOOD COLORING AND NO ACTUAL COLA NUTS??????   What kind of cooking channel is this?!
Yeah you forgot the phosphoric acid for dental hygiene ;;;)
Can you do tha 1988 recipe?
What is that annoying nails on the chalkboard sound in the track in this video?
Why is this even a thing? I'm pretty sure most people just cbf and would much rather just go buy coke in a bottle instead of going to university, becoming a scientist and then spending the next 10 years in a lab trying to recreate it 😏
How to make cola. Nothing.. Nothing.. YouTube in 2020: You need to see this!  Oh and for better flavor, don't/never use the white of the peel.
wouldnt it just be easier to buy real coke?
Where's the coke?
Why is dis in my recommended and why am I watching it?
Need Clare from gourmet makes
Senku?
Or I could just pay 80 cents for a bottle of pop.
i’m disgusted and impressed at the same time....
You forgot the secret main ingredient, 'COCAINE'.
You forgot the cociane
Do Pepsi next!
Wow it looks like Senku has a new rival here
Watching this knowing fully well i will never make my own cola
I want the original 1885 original recipe...
*Too many instructions, went to buy some coke*
Why is everything so zoomed in. It makes it so annoying to watch
Me: Mom I want some coke  Mom:We have coke at home  *_"Coke at home"_*
Welp this is too long im just gonna buy coke at stores
I can't use anything else instead of sugar and coconut oil right? Honey is as bad as sugar... and it needs to caramelize...
spicy water
Me: * has watched dr stone therefore knowing how to make coke*  Also me: *watching this*
I know why it doesn't taste the same its because you forgot the coke
“I couldn’t find any caffeine... sooo I used what the original recipe called for cocaine”
Followed this formula came out with cocaine 🤔
Cop cars sitting outside my house after googling and making coke...
you forgot cocaine
OHAYO SEKAI GOOD MORNING WORLD!!!
Asagiri Gen wants to know your location
I’ve already seen this but it’s still popping up in my recs
Coke just became a herbal drink
or you could buy a coke
*asagiri gen has entered the chat*
senkuuuuuu
So much sugar Yikes
This will be useful when the bombs drop and I’m in my fallout shelter
Ah yes *Diabetes juice*
you forgot the cocaine
Nobody knows the secret formula to make actually coca cola, the company have been keeping it a secret for decades. Stop claiming that you know how to make it lol.
just get water and black paint duhh
Coca cola : *not stonks*
McDonald’s Sprite up next
Where do you getting limes with 500ml of juice in one lime???
Senku Cola !
wtf is that background music, creepy af for a goddam cola recipe video
Your spending 5 hours making this but you can just go to the store and buy cola. What!?
How is it carbonated ?
YouTube really out here sliding this into our recommendations 2 years after it was made.
people have these ingredients at home?
Give me a COKE
coulda just used corn syrup and mayonnaise but whatever
*DR STONE* Wait shit someone already siad this
oorrrr go to the supermarket and buy a box of coke
I thought cola look like a drug?
Cheaper, quicker, and easier to just buy some from the store
And the coke? lmao
Jesus christ all this for a CUP
Mmmm yes senku
I already watched Dr stone I don't need to watch this
Senku watched this for sure
Senku Cola
Senku?
Is this the guy that makes the gummy bottles 😂😂
Hey dickwad you forgot the main ingredient in cola. KOLA NUT
This guy here adding all these ingredients when we all know that the only things we need are limes, coriander and caramelized honey. *Flies away with culture*
I thought you weren't supposed to consume essential oils?
Pretty sure essential oil isn’t for consumption
Bruh where is the cocain
You forgot the pure white coke for flavour
K
*s e n k u   c o l a*
This is exhilarating.
lemme get my chemistry set
The original recipe would’ve been welcome for those who want to buy the essential oils
Cola would like to know ur know your location
False. Not enought sugar.
u forgot to add the final flavor it gets while sitting on a shelf in a can for weeks....lol
Youtube recommends me Dr.Stone. Cool.
>cola >no cola nuts
i saw the thumbnail and i thought there was actual trash being put into this
You can get half a liter out of a lime?
Me trying to make EVERYTHING at home in an effort to save money just to regret it later😣😂
Me: cool Also me:. Go to Meijer and buys soda instead of wasting so much time.
Cola: shit he’s cracked the code.
Taking shortcuts = Garbage
Fun fact: FANTA originated from Nazi occupied Germany.      During World War 2, they couldn't get the ingredients to make Coca-Cola because of the embargoes.  They used local ingredients to make their own soda and named it after the german word for fantasy = FANTA. 🤔
Me: looks at the exact same ingredients   Me: don’t touch mah damn shit now-    Also me: yes ma’am..
REALIZATION
Isn't there supposed to be a "kola nut?"
Your voice sounds like Seth Meyers
Your cooking level is too low. You need a cooking level of 99 to prepare soda.
We all watching this knowing that we're not making jack
Buying this =  1$  Doing all this  I’m not getting my money’s worth
Dr. stone anyone?
I feel like this should be titled "how Cola is made."   Cause we all know 90% of people are gonna watch this but not make it.
Who else saw this on Dr. Stone
Ah, YouTube algorithm, so we meet again
How this “cola” don’t have any “kola nut” in it
can this cola syrup accelerate aging?
Now all we need it the coke
moonshine huh
Dr stone
He forgot cocaine smh
Make vape flavour
The original coke also had cola and cocaine
This is exhilirating
One drop of egg white should emulsify it.
Okay so we need coco beans oh wait..
The title in spanish  *Como hacer una cola*
Me: 💁🏾‍♀️📱 YouTube: wanna learn how to make coke ? Me: 🤷🏾‍♀️
interesting
Me: wow Also Me: but how do you make pepsi?
I stopped smoking weed because back in 2017 I was super high and drank some coke and came to the realization it’s a lemon cinnamon soda. I hate cinnamon so it ruined coke for me 😂 I decided staying sober will stop ruining stuff for me
Where’s the cocaine???? 🤥
Woah I always thought that cola was a almost gingery flavour
Original coca cola had cocaine you forgot to add that
Welp add this to the list of random recommend videos by YouTube
He burned enough calories making a glass of coke to justify drinking it.
did anyone tried this? Does it taste like cola?
It’s not Coca-Cola if there’s no coke😑
Reminds me of that one Sam and cat episode when cat makes that bluedog drink
Probably tasted like a flat coke
Or just go to the store ?
Is that you, Senku?
Fun fact Coca-Cola once had cocaine as an ingredient
Y'all just watching this cause you wanna know how 😂 but you know you never gonna make ittt
Senku probably watched this tutorial.
Yo, this was awesome! All of your relatable thoughts/findings made the video truly enjoyable for me. I'm not exactly a soda fan, but I think you may have gotten me with this video. Thanks! ;D
Tried it and threw it up. In my defense I think I'm pregnant🥴
Thanks for measuring everything in grams. Easiest unit of measurement for me right now.
Actually coca cola used to be green
*Asagiri Gen wants to know your location*
The homemade soda water magically carbonated itself right at the end.
“And then if you want to go old school, try using the special powder”
how to make this cola but healthy:  use powdered stevia instead of sugar. i just saved you from obesity. you’re welcome
thank u senku🤧
All i taste is sadness. When do you add the crack?
Pretty sure this was on my home page cuz of all the dr.stone clips i watched...
Nuka cola
Reminds me of dr. Stone
*was recommended because watched dr stone*
Btw to get a more accurate coke color, you would wanna mix red and gree food coloring to make a brown rather then black food coloring which will make it look more like grape soda
Ok this is cool and all but why would you go through so much trouble when you can buy it for really cheap
Turn sound up at 5:10
So, where’s the cocaine?
step 1. *battery acid*
Step one: First you have got to track down and locate your local drug dealer...
1 lime is definitely not 500ml LOL!
where is the cocaine in that recipe?
*Laughs in Dr. Stone*
It's missing the cocaine from the original recipe. I give 3/10 not jacked up enough
First you need some cocaine
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
I’m gonna be like how wants coke and they come to find out that it’s green
I swear they used cocaine.
Stone-Age Leek Man sent me here
DUDE! you're missing the cocaine, battery and sulfuric acid, the extra 3 pounds of processed sugar, and the ethanol sugar alcohols.  if ya gonna make cola, do it right.
Mom can we get soda?  Mom: we have soda at home  Sodas at home:
It takes two days to make, it costs about $12 a glass and it does not taste as good as regular coke but hey, you made it yourself.
Who's here because of Dr. Stone
that looks gross, i'm still going to drink it
Well it is not cola if it does not have Kola nut in it
Sugar, spice, and everything nice
Dr. Stone is the reason why im watching this
Ok Senku!!! Anime watcher will get this lol
Getting 500 mL of juice out a lime is a real talent
Me: never watched this channel...  Him: I’m using the alchohal from the MOONSHINE I made in last vids
Thank you!!!  I made my own and it was dank AF
Just go buy a cola
so when do we add the coke
It cost more than a can
Going to make own bootleg coke and put cocaine back in it
I thought it was illegal to make coke at home.
How long is the syrup shelf stable?
Forgot coca leaves
I see that you too are a fan of doctor stone
Let’s face it no one really searched this up or even tried to make this
From the first view of the finished drink, I was wondering why the cola looked black instead of dark caramel (brown). LOL! It’s so weird to see it change color when you added the lime! Thanks for making this recipe. I always wondered what coke flavor was made from.
This is witchcraft
Cool video but 500ml = 1 lime?  Can you clarify?  1 lime definitely has no where near 500ml of juice.  (1 normal size can of soda is 355ml)
Me out here is getting no likes because this is not a unique comment well maybe it is idk and idrc but I gotta take *poopy* so I'll brb to edit this
Euros? Gesundheit!
So at what point do we add Cocaine?
I am confused, alcohol is not a typical emulsifier.
Him: Cola is just a citrusy fruity drink Also him: Adds 700g’s of sugar
So is this what Danny Gonzalez does in his free time?
Pop*
i didn't understood a word.
Add a hint of salt, just a tiny little bit of salt.
What about kola nut extract?
me: has an essay and 3 exams to study for also me: *how to make cola*
Me: full volume and Mexican parents are around. Video: HI TODAY ILL SHOW YOU HOW TO MAKE COLA BY SCRATCH. Also me: has belt marks on my ass.
0:50 you forgot the secret ingredient, coca(ine) leaves ?
Where's the Cocaine?
This dude out here finna get dropped by Coca-Cola
Buy it from store. Faster and cheaper.
Since when did my recommendation section became my chemistry teacher?
i thought the flavor for cola was vanilla
damn, and to think Whitaker put us through all that when he could have just made some himself! Least we got some good guns out of it.
Yo don't eat essential oils in kills you
Yea but how much faster would it be to walk to  asda
first ingredient cOCaiNE
as much as I love the metric system, I live in the U.S. and it's pretty hard to find tools in the metric system and even converting it, I have to ballpark it because it's usually some ungodly specific decimal that nothing measures out!
making coke using a scale... nice...
I always wanted to know
500ml or 1 lime... What?
Simply
Easier done by dr stone
He forgot the key ingredient. cocaine
I ended up making coke
Senku be like 👀👀
this dude made this video thinking someone would follow this tutorial instead of buying a can of coke. Imagine that
that’s nice but who’s actually gonna make this tho 😭?
Guy: *doesn’t add caffeine*  Coca Cola company: *wait that’s illegal*
add more ethanol and slice of lemon for a Gargleblaster.
Why is this on my recommendation?
I was so ready for you to start chucking eggs at a pan full of coke syrup but was pleasantly surprised to learn how coke is made.
How do I make coke
It's 3 am and I'm watching this because my mom bought that cheap discount shit instead of real coca cola
There ! And I thought it was just like lemonade (sugar and citric acid) only with PHOSPHORIC acid. Does anyone know where to buy food quality phosphoric acid in the UK ?
well, this is exacly what im not gonna do one day.
Earlier today I poured a glass of Pepsi and thought, “I wonder how hard it would be to make soda?” And this popped up on my recommendations. These FBI agents need to chill. But also, thanks lol
I can't tell if this is a guy or a girl...
This is quite retarted.
You've ruined soda for me forever!  Where's the Pepsi aborted baby flavour?  It's not Pepsi, without baby flava.  (I occasionally drink Coke).  So why is soda so acidic?  Are there industrial chemicals in store bought brands like formaldehyde in beer?
Ni wsy they use natural flavor
Shart! Yes!
1 gram of nutmeg. Hehehe
Um is the ending scene just coke out of a bottle? It looks carbonated...
I don't have any of these ingredients. Fuck.
Or you could just buy a coke.
Thank you professer utonium
Gotta use the imperial
You know it's cheaper just to go to the store and buy it right
You forgot the cocaine
cola is disgusting
I don’t know why YouTuber recommended this video, but I’m glad it did. 👍
Or you can just put 50 cents in a machine. Instant Coca-Cola
yeah no, is more like coffee + some weird nut + coca leaf minus the actual cokaine ... read wikipedia ... ooh and lots of sugar or something similar
I drank a coke while watching this....
Just Watch Dr.Stone
Mans was so anti-anti-vax he didnt wanna use any essential oils
Next level: How to Make Cocaine
Gross.
Making cola caffeine-free actually makes the name “cola” counter-intuitive because “cola” is derived from “kola”, and kola nuts are the basis of caffeine in the drink.
Rubbing Alchohol?
PEPSI IS GARBAGE
How ironic that Cola is basically citrus and spices, yet you have Coca Cola Lemon😂🤦‍♂️🤷🏾‍♀️
Man I would love to Taste that
Coca Cola wants to   Know your location.
It’s 2 AM and i have 0 regrets
I gave this to my little brother to try      *I still miss him*
Hey! I’d like to make this but is on a low-sugar diet, would replacing the sugar with cocaine work?
Isnt there a cola bean
Cola is a fruit
Try sugarfree👌🏽👌🏽
I’ll explain how to ride a bike. First you need a bike, I couldn’t find a bike so I replaced it with a metal bucket. They’re both essentially metal so it shouldn’t make a difference.
3:54 500ml of juice from 1 lime....WOW!  Huge lime that one.
Hey guys! Just watched this cool video with my roommates!
Dr. Stone eat your heart out
You missed the cocaine
I like how we all treated this video as if coke was some nuclear toxic  breaking bad substance made in labs
DUDE DUDE DUDE, I HAVE THOSE SAME CUPS. THIS IS PROBABLY NOT AS EXCITING TO YOU AS IT IS TO ME BUT I’VE HAD THEM SINCE I WAS LIKE 5 AND IVE NEVER SEEN OTHER CUPS THAT ARE EXACTLY LIKE THEM. NOT JUST SIMILAR, *EXACTLY*
I rather buy it from the store cheap..all those products can cost alot.
My youtube recommendations back at it again with the weirdest videos on this platform
Senku wants to know your location
Why not just boil the flavour ingredients to make a tea and then add sugar, caramel colour and soda water? His recipe was way too much work making oil.
Thanks Senku
Cola is a lemony citrus drink... well, that sounds healthy! I think I'll drink more!
Me : sees the video cover... when the party’s over who???
*How to make coke*  Buy cocacola instead
Step 1: get some cocaine   Step 2: throw it in the blender   Step 3: mix it with some water and sugar   Step 4: blend for 2 minutes and voila.
its basically an indian drink wtf
Senku cola
Title: from *scratch*  Me while watching:"Who has these ingredients at home?"
Holy sh*t that's a lot of sugar
If you added caffeine wouldn’t it turn brown?
I think you forgot the carbonated water but whatever.
Im literally drinking coke rn
i need to know this just in case i survive an apocalipse.
I'm watching this in case WW3 breaks out, we all know Iran doesn't have Pepsi or Coca-Cola
You might as well buy it
I couldn't help but notice that your recipe for cola didn't contain any kola ~:/  Seems like it oughta be a key ingredient :|
This halal guy i love you
Nobody searched for this
Sounds like a girl, though
THANK YOU for not pretending that anyone doesn't know what cola is and skipping the pointless introduction!
What about Coke Zero?
Cola has as a red tint if you hold infront of light. Maybe it's not black but a really dark red
I would do this and add real cocaine if i had this.
My nigga said *Euros* and I did the blinking guy meme irl
03:55 Jesus! What kind of limes do you have to get 500ml of juice from one lime?!
Where's the coke
Here we have people watching this at 1 a.m. instead of sleeping
Anyone else notice how creepy this music is
This is NOT cola! You need cola syrup to make cola!!! This is like the idiots in Arizona when I visited there. Most bars there don't have real ginger ale!! They try to make it! 7 up with a splash of Coke!! Ridiculous!! You can't make ginger ale without ginger. You can't make cola without cola flavor. Thumbs down!!!👎👎👎👎
I love how he trips over his words it’s endearing and quite charming. I’m glad he didn’t take other takes or edit the trip ups out.
You forgot the cocaine my man!
Super cool
*THE KAREN COLA!!!*
uhhh guys don't eat essential oils
Damn makes me want to drink Cole again
Lmao hes acting like I'm actually gonna make this
Happy gen noises
*give me coke*
Kid: mom can we have coke Mom: no the mexican is out of stock right not Kid:???
You forgot the cocaine
Me: Cool Video, might try make it  Coca Cola: * starts sweating *
Well coke ceos be sending out hit men
I think I'm better off going to store✌👌
this comment section might be the reason why Im gonna watch Dr Stone now 😂😂
You just forgot to put the kola in your cola...
We trying to find the secret recipe?
But where is the CoCaInE?
Just watch Dr. Stone instead
Why do i get an add on how to lise weight on this video like wtf you tryna say youtube i’m just curious
Dr stoneeeeeeeee
Background music got that squeaky wheel sfx every 15 seconds. Big oof.
Cola dosen’t even taste good, why would i do this?  P E P S I
"How to make Cola" ok but wheres to cocaine?
I need to remember this if i wake up in 3400 years.
I love how many Dr Stone fans are out there :’) makes me happy
*Senku has joined the chat*
I always wondered why I had an orangey breath after drinking cola 🤔
After the video finishes:house just stormed by journalists
jagermeister form a scratch?
well this is the wrong type of coke :(
Let's see how to make cola bc this will defo come up in my biology exam tomorrow
Yeah, this wasn't much work.
Too much work. I rather buy it in the store.
You forgot the heroin, or was it a....
1:10 my guy is that a TOOTH?
How did you get it carbonated?
How to Diabeetus 101   'merica!
700grams of sugar??!
Any cola is dark green. Sure...
Well never know how to make coke the way Coca-Cola makes it. They have a secret ingredient that only 2 people know half of
How to make Diabetes
I thought this was a HowToBasic video
Watches Dr stone once:
The Nile Red of food.
I just wanna be like my boy senku after WW3
No carbonation?
No kola nut? You madman!
This is amazing, i wanna try this one day.
*sniffing intensifies*
Thanks senku
how2basic but it actually works
Thought this was a fucking blender tutorial
3:08 saying ”mostly ethanol” makes it sound like there’s methanol in the moonshine 🙉😂
DONT FORGET TO ADD COCAINE IN IT FOR ORIGINAL TASTE OF  COCA COLA!!!  -creator of Coca Cola
you forgot battery acid and Bleach....
Dr.Stone brought me here
You still need the carbonation for it to be a true cola
You forgot the cocaine 😂
Neat stuff
So which one is cheaper Coming from Lafayette, IN
I love how he considered Muslims
Pffff, I watched Dr. Stone, I already know how to make cola.
I’ll just walk to the store
To make Cola you need all of this  Me: *Laughs in Senku Cola*     But for real nice video
What's the ratio of alcohol to gum Arabic if you decide to use that instead?
no cola nuts
It's not Cola...     It's Cok
This probably how they make off brand coke
Sees the word kaafir  This is Haraam
I thought in coca cola they use actual coca flavors
So what about the cola nut? That's a lie?
Who loves Cola? 👇 👇 (I will subscribe to anyone Who likes and comments)
I hear Minecraft music
These are the components and recipe for making a human being. Nice try, but I’m not committing the first taboo of Alchemy.
Gen wants to know your location
Pepsi is better
This is not actually cola you are drinking, cola is actually full of chemicals and shut tone of sugar. There you go. Drink it up
When I saw the title I waa expecting a lot more smashing egg-stuff
Wait are you Danny Gonzalez?
500 millilitres is half a litre, or 0.13 gallons, or the same amount of water that's used here. A lime's worth of lime juice would be, like, 50 millilitres.
One secret is that they use lemon peels and other citrus stuff in the recipe but no citric acid so you don't have "lemon soda" in mind when drinking it while the spices like cinnamon cause a further sensory confusion of what you actually taste. It's a lot about expectation and perceiption under different aspects (acidity, colour, carbonation etc.)
Was in Germany a few months back, I couldn't get enough of Spezi! Anyone has any recipe for it?
Was in Germany a few months back, I couldn't get enough of Spezi! Anyone has any recipe for it?
You forgot the cocaine for that great original vintage taste
Well I know wat I'm gonna be making at camp during ww3
other than the sugar, this makes cola look fairly okay for a person
Is there a way to make cola without sugar? Im not able to eat sugar
One lime isnt half a liter tho
Pure freshness
the recipe lacks a bit of ginger essential oil (which does not contain the heaty molecule)
How is this in my recommend
wait so technically, cola is healthy. I-
Just buy a $0.25 cola can
Cola means Ass
I made this and it tasted like explosive diarrhea   And no I have not ate diarrhea, i am just describing how delicious it was
If you wish to make cola from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
at 3:55 i think he means 5mL and not 500mL
How to clickbait
Senku sent me here
I made this joke check out my joke that I made no like bait I made this joke haha no plagiarism i made this- This dude out here making the powerpuff girls
I wish they left the dark food coloring out of it.  I think green soda sounds awesome! #IMO
Me remembering that cola used to have cocaine in it: uh
You know you can buy cola like literally everywhere, right? You can probably get that shit on the moon.
Dr.Stone lol
Great but when you gonna make Pepsi?
Next can you make home made coke?
This guy is a living Walter White lmao.   SAY MY NAME.
super thanks for this 'how to.." video... now that I know how its made. I  shall keep buying mine from the supermarket.
Marge Simpson
Your missing the cocaine flavor no cap
Or just go to the store
Liver Fork it over
Would get more views if it said coke instead of cola
Wow..... Now blue crystal meth with a purity of 99% ??
Actually you need cola nuts and Coca-Leafs...
all this effort when you can take a quick 5 min walk to your local store and get actual coke.
Its 3 am ,i have a exam tomorrow ,cant even make a proper pizza yet me and my 1 tired brain cell throughly enjoyed this video !
2.3k dislikes from coca-cola company...
3:54 How the fuck do you get 500 ml of juice from one lime? are you Jesus ?
FBI Open up!
Im extremely uncomfortable knowing that cola is citrus based.
Gets Dr.Stone flashbacks
Dude this stuff straight up looks like my piss
way too time consuming.... I just go to the store and buy that shit if I want some.
Can I use a bottle of whiskey for the alcohol step?
Rumour has it-  if you add 666g of sugar, you summon Sweet Satan who won't grant your wish for your soul but will possess your body with torturous effects
Was NOT convinced until I found out this is a syrup now I am SOLD into making this god bless you man god bless
Damn I knew coke was unhealthy, but actually watching it being made makes me never want to drink it again
This just reminds me of a Mitch Hedberg joke.    “They say that the recipe for Sprite is lemon and lime, but I tried to make it at home, there's more to it than that.    Hey, want some home made Sprite? NOT TIL YOU FIGURE OUT WHAT THE FUCK ELSE IS IN IT!"
Thought he was gonna use egg as an emulsifier. That's the only emulsifier I know lol
Cola is citrus-y Pepsi is watermelon-ish
the thumbnail looks like it's made with blender
Anime fans: heheheh... Bakarou.... _exhilirating_ *_I N T E N S I F I E S_*
You should try and make the ORIGINAL coca cola     Ya know the one that included co*ai*e
*Laughs in the kingdom of Science*
U forgot the cocaina
I'm so glad I quit coke
Dude should have used dark brown food coloring instead. Cola isn’t Black it’s just a dark brown. This thing the guy made looks like carbonated sharpie.
Gen says thank you
you forgot the cocaine
"I'ts a little thick, but the Price is right"
Nobody:  My recomendations
This reminds me of Dr. Stone
*Senku has entered the chat*
*Laughs in SodaStream*
*PEPSI WANT TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
I know someone who can show us the right way of this 10 BILLION TIMES better. 😉
500ml Lime juice? Must be a huge lime!
This one lacks coca leaves
Spiced Citrus Juice  -  *Shocked pikachu face
I’ve been drinking Coke for my whole life but never questioned myself...how is the Coke made?
Does anyone know how much cups of cola this yields?
Mr beast?!?
The ingredients probably cost more than a box of coke
meth brought me here
Coke without coloring isn't green, it's actually clear. There's another method to making the syrup that I found in a cookbook about a year ago that was a bit simpler to make (mostly it involved putting the whole spices into the water mixture from the start rather than creating an oil that you'd have to later add into the water) and when I completed that syrup, it was clear rather than brown or green.
how PROS make cola: go to shop buy coca cola or pepsi go home drink said drink done
I don’t usually say this after watching these kinds of videos but I’m never drinking another cola again
Video: how to make cola Me: buy coke at a store
Wrong, where's the cocaine?
But Coca-Cola uses Coca leaves...or at least they USED to. Good luck finding those.
I'm impressed  im going to buy coca cola from market
Yeh i rather just buy a 2L bottle for $1
Is this healthier or....? I dont see the point if it isn’t xD
sees ingredient list: i dont see how this is inherently bad- oh wait there it is. the sugar
With that amount of sugar, I think I’m finally gonna gain weight.
..orrrr you can just buy coke
How bout putting in koka-i-na
This shit's illegal
Use some Sprite or 7up and add some black dye and not soy sauce it doesn't taste or smell like it and you're done👍🏻
Dr. Stone, anyone?
Why did I watch the whole video when I even don't know why I am here
What about the carbonation?
Easy. Get a dollar Go to a dollar store, get a can of cola, Put it on a glass,boom
Instructions unclear.. Accidentally started WW3.
Dude, Coke's gonna be after you now.
Where the hell is the cocaine? Thought this was an original recipe.
Now where is the cocaine
Dr Stone anyone?
You forgot the cocaine.
At 2:00 add your abv or non activated thc substance into the pot
Bro you forgot the cocaine
Senku's cola
Instead of ordering so many things online just online the cola online
This guy: essential oil, caramel, cinamon, bla bla bla.... Coca-cola: We don't do that here.
I came here because I wanted to see if Dr Stone could have actually made cola in the stone age. Answer : yes
Fun fact:    No one tried the recipe
You forgot to add cocaine to give it the authentic flavor
After all this time u could just go to the store and get a coke lol
Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone Dr stone
You missed out the kola nuts which is were half the name of coca cola comes from?????
fun fact: you didn't search for this.
That cup is so nostalgic and it looks begging to be chugged
“This looks like the cola that Billie drank on her video *when the party’s is over*
So basically, Cola is just diluted caramel citrus syrup with carbon.
I got some coke from someone in a very dodgy street...but it's kinda white and looks like sugar🤔
The work and effort he put into it deserves respect
I do not have scratch. Does LOGO work?
Just go to the fucking store
This is what Billie probably drank
Then cop can arrest me if i had coke in my house
Or you could just go and buy it, duh 🙄
How to make ebola?
I would use the essential oils as a perfume instead
This video: 1 year ago    YouTube: I’m going to pretend I didn’t see that
Where is THE COCAINE!!??
I am soooooo glad this guy uses the metric system
Omg I knew it wasn’t just sugar!! Ha! Take that mom!
just drink water
Some people: Only 2 men know the recepie to coke. Flavor Lab: That's cool. But check this out.
Coca Cola has vanilla I think
Don't mind me. I'm just here for the Dr. Stone comments.
If senku is watching this vid he gonna have flashbacks
SeNkU COLA!!!!!!!
You get 10 billion points
You get 10 billion points
This reminds of that Dr. stone episode
0:10   African Kids :
senku chan
The day you nail the recipe and upload it is the day you'll suddenly disappear...
now u need to approach bill gates
One wrong move and BANG ... you have summon a demon
Well, this sure isn’t the coke video I was looking for
Dr Stone copied this man
FBI :  DELETE THIS VIDEO
This is how we'll drink soda during ww3
and a bit of cocaine to top it all off
The guy: add 10 grams of orange peel, 10 gram of lemon leeves.. Me: huh maybe cola isn't actually that unhealthy The guy: now add 600 grams of sugar Me: OH
If y’all watched Dr. Stone then you wouldn’t need this video
Imagine going through all this extraneous effort to make your own cola only to take a sip of it, say "Yup. That's cola all right." and then crack open a coca cola and drinking that instead.
i was expecting a howtobasic video ngl
Ingredient 1) the cocaine 🤠
500mls from one lime??? I dont think so!
what's cola I'm from the uk I've never heard of ot it
Gordon Ramsay approves 👍
My immediate thought when i read the thumbnail was "sprinkle the cocaine"
Instructions unclear, stomach fell right out upon consumption.
When do you add chemical X accidentally?
How to make Coca-Cola? 95% sugar 5% Flavoring
700grams of sugar?  *Wtf*
It's like that one Sam and cat episode
500mL from one lime?! they must be some big-ass limes you got over there in America
I think id rather buy some coke
Instructions unclear : did not keep the doctor away
Dr Stone right there
Is it healthy?
*Death cola
what ever happened to the ingredient of the kola nut?
Be honest.. everybody is watching it but never doing it :D
The FBI wants too know you’re location
Me watching this video drinking some cola while there an ad playing a cola commercial ad before watching a video of how to make cola
Plot twist : he's a paid actor hired by coca cola to hide the fact that coke is maid out of cocaine
WhAt A vEgAn
essential oils
is it in everyones Recommended, because of the anime Dr.Stone lol
SENKU COLA
"A liter of cola...it's for a cop..."
you forgot the the goat ingredient bro  *COCAINEUU*
Senku entered the chat
@Flavor Lab, great video.  Now I can make my own cola at home!
not sure it's cola , we call it Kvas
Why would you post this? Mr Coca Cola will have a bounty on your head.
No kola nut? I thought that's where the name and the caffeine came from.
Great recipe! Taste like shit
This dude is primink!
THIS COSTS MORE THAN PEPSI AND COCA COLA AND DR PEPPER AND DR PEPPER IS £2
senku: *laughs in science*
ingredients: cocaine
Nah cocaine is easier to make
This shows how much sugar is in it thats why i dobt drink it always
Dr. STONE brought me here...!
Me watches the video: Me still goes to store to buy cola
Wtf? All that nasty shit makes cola? Wtf am I drinking
Me: Mom, can i go get coke?  Mom: No.  Me:
If you watch dr. Stone you already know how to make it
YOUTUBE WHY AM I HERE AND WHY DID I WATCH THE WHOLE VID!~
Anyone want the most literally most thirst quenching drink on the plant?  1/2 cranberry juice 1/2 sparkling water  Decent splash of lime juice  Seriously if you are hot, you'll gulp it down like you just got out of the desert. Sounds simple, but honestly it's incredible. You can also go with a zero added sugar cranberry and it still tastes incredible.
No kola nut?
As in Umaru's words.... " Colllaaaaaa"
"I'm going to use moonshine I made in the previous video." Okaaay...
Sooo...  why is this in my recommendation again???
3:56 that blade was so close to his fingers I was worried
I thought it’s COKE.
Damn Senku, he probably watched this video and made us believe he came up with the recipe......
This video would have been interestin in 1970s.you add the cola flevouring. Thats what makes the cola.
How to make non carbonated cola.
How to make Coke next please. I'm tired of my overpriced dealer *sniff*
so many physics on just a cola
Or instead spend 1$ on regular coke
Flavor Lab: how to make cola Coke: wait that's illegal
Anyone here watch Dr. Stone?
What Are The Oils Used To Make It
If it weren't for all the sugar and additives in generic canned cola. Cola could literally be medicinal
it's really 2am on a monday and i'm sitting here eating pudding watching this
*Gen wants to know your location*
Asagiri Gen wants to know your location
How long does the syrup stay fresh in the fridge?
Why do i remember Senku
“I suggest you adjust the syrup” Ah yes, I am totally going to make this myself. Definitely.
Wow i didn’t know there was actual food in cola. Thought it was just chemical
Weed farm
Yuck
Me: *removes sugar from the recipe* ah yes coke zero
For 2 dollars coke is cheaper
that formula can make me diabetes
GO AWAY RECOMMENDED
orrrrrrrrrrr just buy it for $1.50
https://distrita.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/DSC_1103.jpg
the homemade version of coke is incredibly unhealthy, makes you think about how unhealthy the actual product is
You forgot the Cocaine
You just made Pepsi !!!
Man you went full on Dr. Stone right there. I'm impressed
But how did you make the water go buz buz
He stole the well protected cola recipe!
I see we have all gathered here for one of youtubes recommendations
swedish company sells product for gas
Where is the cocaine😡 total clickbait
Did anyone else fond this in their recommended
I am off to Walmart to buy some cola! Anyone in?
Cinnamon is too hard, it effects a lot the taste.
Not cola, but coke. "I want coke" "Can I have a coke please?"
“Mom can we have coke?”  “No we have coke at home”  Coke at home:
This guy probably watches dr stone
most people don't realize Dr Pepper is just spicy cherry flavor
Melt candy
shit look nast
You forgot to add cocaine
*thats some spicy essential oils*
It's all fun and games until someone slip some moonshine in the cola
Or you could go to the store and save a couple hours
Do I use my dealer's coke or should I try synthesizing my own?
Thanks now i dont have to pay 2€ for a bottle
No
Don't forget the chemical X
My version of coca-cola: 1 can of pepsi-cola
I’m very impressed 👌🏼 good work 😃
I feel like he's making actual coke
Jokes on you, Dr. Stone already let me know
This was made a year ago...but now Dr.Stone fans and JoJos fans have come together as one
People who watch dr.stone: "yea I already knew that"
"euros" how the fuck do you have an american accent bruh 😭
You forgot the cocaine
I thought he was gonna use senku’s cola procedure. Disappointing
I think this healthier to drink! Better the one s in the market! If put less sugar!
Id use honey instead of using sugar has a more natural and good taste to it rather than making syrup from refined sugar. But the process is almost pretty much the same guess it boils down to ones preference in taste.
I wanna try this lol
I tried it guys. Does *not* taste good. Taste weird. Idk if thats just my preference or maybe i messed up somewhere, but it taste weird af
Alot of effort to make something that is horrible for you, 700 grams of sugar? Holy fuck
Woah... has anyone ever been able to ACTUALLY depict the flavors in a cola? 🤯
Will I ever make coke?                                         No Am I still watching this for no reason when I should be sleeping for school tomorrow?                             Absolutely
when you make the caramel, you are better off not using anything to stir. It is better to shake/tilt the pan in order to get the melted sugar to dissolve the un melted. This help stopping lumps forming that wont dissolve properly.
Dr. Stone
Dr. Stone
This reminds me of DR Stone, when senku made cola
weak! where is the cocaine
Well damn
okay doctor stone
Instructions unclear. Made Pepsi instead.
I learned how to make cola from  Dr stone.
Now we just need some coke if you knoe what I mean.
Had to make sure this wasn’t How to Basics
Thats *Exhilarating* !
no one:  me at 8 making a mermaid potion:
It's safe to say that once the cola making portion of Dr. Stone gets animated the views on this video will sky rocket
I can’t wait to never try this
DR. STONE
He’s really pulling a Senku out here, huh
*Or u can jus go ahead and buy coke*
Oranges, a gemstone, and some blunts. Got it👌
I bet this tastes amazing. Homemade ginger ale is a lot easier and just as impressive to serve.
All the weebs know this gonna be in dr stone
Who else accidentally clicked the video
Mmmm natural cleaning solution
I recommend you to add Ginger you will be thankful for me
You missed the cocaine
Can I cook eggs in coke oil
Wait... moonshine...he just drops in moonshine...   Imma head out
Hits blunt -   How did the person that created Coca Cola know what type of ingredients he needed ? 🤔
Or you can buy cola
Dr Stone: not bad kid
"if you want to add caffeine, you can." .....adderal is close enough.
Sounds like a lotta trouble for a bit of coke
This is more interesting than the stuff we did at chemistry lab
Dr. Stone!
You forgot kola nut.
I’m here because of Dr. Stone
Ah i get it, cause “How to make Coke from scratch” would be a risky title
huh? isnt cola come from kola nut?
cocK 😳😳
How to make cola (watches video) how do you make cola?
he mentioned essential oil in the original recipe, arent essential oils toxic if ingested?
The video Senku watched before he was turned to stone
I need this just in case I get stuck with a crazy mentalist
You forgot cocaine
Where can I get a soda water????
I think he forgot about the cocaine
Watching this just in case Dr stone happens
Um pepsi and coke keep their flavors in a locked vault 3 million miles below area 51 where they battle aliens.
i got confused and lost track after he said moonshot ...
Imma make coke. But i need cocaine.. Lots of cocaine 😁
Me trying to make coke: okay first get those weird leaves, orange peel, lemon something, make into an oil add sugar, give up and buy a coke.
You missed a key ingredient: Road tar
You forgot the Coca leaves!
Or... I can go to a store
"and before we continue if you are adding cocaine this would be the time"
At least it didn’t say how to make coke
Is this cheaper than buying some ready made sodas?
I was expecting a bunch of egg throwing but seeing the channel name made me calm down.
Dr stone told him the recipe
can i get the receipe that have a 40 dollar oil? i dont want to go with all the complex oil extract process
Coca-Cola: Our recipe is top secret  Flavor Lab: *How to make Coca-Cola*  Coca-Cola: Wait. That’s illegal.
Caffien adds a bitter flavor
Can this even be called cola? I mean kola nut isn't even used to make this.
ok youtube FINE
Why FBI is here?
Watches Dr.Stone and doesn't know how to act.
“How to make cola”  Step.1 add cocaine
"It's a little thick, but the price is right!"
My guy said "PESTEL". Boy, pestle is pronounced "PESSEL"
Bruh after this video I always think of cinnamon while drinking coke and it blows my mind
Plot twist he made grape soda
For some reason i got anxiety from this video.
Ha Senku from Dr Stone already showed us 😎🤟🏻
..... or you just buy it from the supermarket, win.
'Cola is really just a citrussy lemon drink ...'   It really isn't.
SO not being nasty BUT how long and how much does it cost with your version.  Buying Coke at the store is pretty cheap.
I learned how to make cola from watching Dr. Stone lmao
Dr Stone anyone?
unrelated but, first time i've ever heard an androgynous voice
I don’t know why i’m watching this, illinois never make this from stratch.
Is it an error saying 500ml juice from 1 lemon?
Coca cola wants to know your location
Get excited!
Ah yes...   Dr. Stone...
Ooor you can just get one from the store for 2 bucks
The thumbnail made me think this was a blender tutorial. WHAT?
Can anybody here tell me if the taste is worth it? I'd gladly try but... Is it even drinkable?
Try to make Swedish "Julmust" next, if you want a real challenge ;)
500 ml of lime juice ? That's half a liter .
I thought that was a Blender 2.8 tutorial but it's not
Laughs in Spanish
I came for no reason but I stayed for the possibility of me running out of cola
instructions unclear. i am now in jail with drug abuse charges
Emulsify by pouring slowly and mix
Just buy f*cking cola bruv
He's this one dude from "the Parfume" but next level with drinkable shit
I love this person's voice for some reason.
Geeeez that’s a lot of sugar
I'll just buy a coke :)
thanks, going to weed infuse this now.
Really, there are two flavours of cola. Coke and Pepsi are one flavour, and cola sweets/cheap supermarket cola is the second "candy" cola flavour. You will get 90% of the way that candy cola flavour with fresh lime juice and cinnamon. Just those two.. it's a magical combination and is a great base to build your first cola beverage on. Try the ingredients that Flavor Lab uses here too to hone in on your perfect cola taste but know that lime juice and cinnamon are the magic ingredients..
FBI wants to know your location!
where is coca leafes
Why is this in my reccomendations?1?
*Flavor Lab:*  This recipe has essential oils in it. _Anti-vax soccer moms have entered the chat._
Kola nuts?? Maybe add some.
Sure it's this easy to make cola. That's why the recipe for Coke is one of the most guarded in the world. Right!!
Thank you
Isn't cola supposed to have Kola nuts in it ?
"500ml, or about 1 lime's worth" -- uhhh, how big are the limes you're buying?
I'll stick with opening the can thanks.
I heard with only citris peel and coriander and soda water can make the same thing? (from anime Dr. stone)
Correction: 1 oz =~= 30ml, 12 oz is about 355
You’ve forgotten the coca
nigga wheres the cocaine
Or you can just go and buy coke...
The thing with citrus peel is - you're supposed to only get the outer orange / green / yellow part of the peel, the white "pith" is bitter and should be removed, as it adds flavours you won't like.
Thankyou for using the metric system
the difference in taste from coke is probably because its made with high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar
No coke? Dislike
Your camera is too close
Is this a Dr.stone reference
3:54 500ml is 0.5L it's a lot of lime juice!
what about the phosphoric acid aka e338?
I missed why the essential oils are useful. Probably have to rewatch the whole vid :|
Are you Heisenberg?
You forgot the cocaine
I think I will just buy a can
I came here for the Dr.Stone comments.
Giving me Sam and Cat vibes.... anyone know what I mean💙🐶🍾
How to make cole    Buy it .
Whats cola? Its like a Indian pepsi or no? Like wat is cole
Cinna-cola
Who the fook is Dr Stone? YouTube just recommending me how to rot my teeth fast 😉
fascinating but i'm lazy so i think i'll just stick to buying coke
Ngl im always scared of putting too much sugar in my tea  But coca cola thats a disgusting amount of suger
Where the cocaine?
Great video! now I'll just go buy some from the shop.
Why did you dye it before we got to see what it would look like? You just like the taste of red #40, blue #1, & yellow #5?
What kind of oil would you recommend instead of coconut?
So to make the Cola one of the ingredients necessary is... Cola flavor. Got it.
The real question is how do u make Pepsi
You mean CHEMICAL X!
Got it! 3 drops of orange, 3 drops of lemon, and cinnamon. My next glass of water is gonna be amazing
I’m guilty to say that I’m a Coca Cola addict
Me: I need to get some work done! Youtube recommendations: ah but what if no?
Make the original cola
Bet some people would bought the art graded gum arabic
Watched this once now its back in my recommended
Or you could go and buy some
All its missing is a pinch of cocaine like the blokes back in the day use to do
but how do you make clear cola
no thanks. imma better go to store
about a year before DR. Stone but its filled with dr. stone references...
Or you can just buy Coca Cola for $1 as the main and only ingredient.
Hmmm I don’t know, Lana Del Rey still needs a taste. 🙁
i thought coke was made out of cocaine
*Coca-Cola co. disliked that*
So, this lookes more like Potion making, that would of made Severus Snape proud. And what's with the extra, background voice at 5:14?
Where's the cocaine part
Show us the recipe from the 1800s
Senku probably saw this 3000 years ago 😄
No cO2
I actually tried now i started hating coke
dont forget to add ur cocaine
do not consume essential oils omg!!!
Cola has cola beans.
1 lime isnt 500ml of juice
I am actually watching the video, not listening to the video.
*coca cola has joined the chat*
i kinda want some coke with my coke if you catch my drift
Nuka cola
*Strength II (**1:30**)* *Speed (**8:00**)*
you forgot the cocaine
Interesting cause ive always wondered how cola is made
cola at store $1 me making cola $10
you lost me at essential oils
HES TOO DANGEROUS TO BE KEPT ALIVE!!
Man just go to the 99 cent store and boom cola
Essential
Coke is made with phosphoric acid, not citric acid. It has a different flavor, which could account for why your homemade cola tastes different from store-bought. It's hard to find food-grade phosphoric acid in reasonable quantities. though.
Making cola with no kola nut 🤦‍♂️
i thought coke has actual cocaine in it but okay
I’m telling my kids I made the recipe
So I just totally wasted money on the three-pack cola syrup for Sodastream last week...
How did you carbonate it?
I made Pepsi by mistake. What did I do wrong?
I was hoping for cocaine, but ‘‘tis is the next best thing
Crap! Mine tasted like Pepsi.
Warning!! : Do not try to drink this at home.      Tasted raw eggs 🤢
He sounds cute
I will never do this but cool
I may be wrong but isn't it quite dangerous to eat essential oils?
Who here enjoyed the vid but will actually never make cola :'D
I didnt search for this video and neither did you
I thought this was HowToBasic
This was from like a year ago and yet so many people are watching it at almost the same span of days
Great vid I looooooove cola and coke but mostly off brand cola for sum reason lol jahahahahhahahahHh any way u should borrow my bike I'm goi f to the mall now. I'll make this later!
Don’t you mean senku cola
I think you meant 50 ml of lime juice not 500
Nice recipe. But i prefer not to wasting time and simply buy it. It'd be cheaper
Its basically just tea
Senkola?
All of this jus to find out at the end that it didn’t taste like cola 😐
so much sugar... I'm glad I quit drinking sodas
Not good I used rubbing alcohol...
Dr stone??
how did the carbonation happen? magic?
500 ml Of lime???? Mistake
*I Rate this Cola* _Ten Billion Percent/10_
His voice is just like... Ryo from crybaby
Bro my mom is going to walk in on me and think I’m making gourmet meth
You are making it seem healthy
This was coincidentally recommended after I finished watching the first season of Dr. Stone
You forgot the cocaine, that is the best part
Why would you do this though? 😂
the framing is soo bad :(
You forgot the Cocaine
So your telling me we’re drinking a salad?
Next episode: how to make heroin
Dude sounds like he's out of an interdimensional cable episode from Rick and Morty
S E N K U  C O L A
Thank you for making this video. I am curious to know if anyone has tried this method and what is their feedback. Definitely will try this recipe out!
you forgot 10 buckets of sugar
If I wanted to make Coca Cola in Taco Bell (Taco Bell doesn’t have Coca Cola) I would fill my cup 70% with Pepsi, 15% sprite, 10% orange Fanta, and 5% A&W or any root beer.
This is cool but I pretty sure 1 out of 100 people will actually do this
how the heck was this invented
Download it before its taken down
Never thought these would be the ingredients for cola
This man is 3000 years too early
Forgot cocaine
Or just buy a $2 coke
Everyone breaking out of the petrification and making cola
I hope I don't forget this in the next 3700 years or else my enemies won't join my side and I'll die for being the only one with scientific knowledge 😭
Senku made the video and it shows
That looks like grape juice
Or just buy Coca cola ?
If you want it more like the original add cocain xdd
Why no kola nuts?
So when do we add the bugs?
Or simply just go and buy a cola for less that 1$
Instructions unclear. Accidentally made the PowerPuff Girls.
Everyone sub to this guy NOW he deserves it he is so underrated
“Now we need to combine oil and water-“ Me:”what if he used soap 😳 oh alcohol, thats rad. Wait, coca cola is non alcoholic... do THEY use soap?...”
This is to much.. Drink water.
This cola must be much better than the store-bought one. I drink way too much coke, but I find almost all craft colas superior, esp. due to increased presence of spices and obviously, lack of artificial ingredients.
Isnt Moonshine illegal? It is in Sweden
Why not just buy a 50p coke from the shops?
Or I could just buy it for less............ jk I understand what he’s doing
Ok, Senku
Hella random that this came up on my timeline 😂🤷‍♂️
We out here dr stoningg
He forgot the cocaine
The secret ingredient is polar bear
Why buy it when u can make it
500ml of lime juice? Are you saying one lime creates more juice than its own volume? Is that true?
He stole the recipe from senku
I clicked because of Dr. STONE         °^° you shall watch it
Just buy it...it’s faster and cheaper
in coca cola they use phosphoric acid instead of citric acid, that might be why it tastes different
This is some Dr.Stone shit lmao
i had to check if it was how to basic or not like if you did
or i could just head down to my local and grab a bottle for £1.50!
I disagree.
Not gonna lie, the thumbnail looks like a blender render
Ishigami Senku did it even in Stone age.  Awesome 👍
600 + 100 grams of sugar for .5 litre of cola. Wtf?
You sounds like Traves from the CallMeCarson gang
That's amazing
600g sugar 😦
7x? I love freshly homemade *seven fuckin x*
I prefer the old method : go to the store and buy a case of coca- cola.
Well, well, well cola's actually made off of seemingly healthy ingredients  *Edit* Except for the sugar
How long does it take until it goes bad?
I didn’t see one single cola nut 🤷‍♂️
Anyone hear the squeaking in the bad ground
HOW MUCH SUGAR
fine happy now youtube... i watched the video at last
Yeah ok tnx ill still pay a buck for a 2 liters cola....
This video has chose us
I need this guy to be my friend in the apocalypse
Where are the coce plants
Next show us how to make the original coca cola recipe from1886
Great explanation. Love the science behind it!
I'm watching this in case i transmigrate/reincarnate to a place where cola doesn't exist yet. You'll never know how useful this can be.
why would you drink home made cola anyway ?  most ingedients  scream "i am bad for your health " if you want to drink it then just buy it  , makes no difference
hey man just fucking go buy some
me: *sees recipe* oh, this might be easy! *sees essential oil ingredient list* also me: y'know what? frick it. *buys 20 coke cans from store*
just before you realize that your homemade cola doesnt tastes the same as the one you bought in a can, the original recipe is protected more aggressively than your average president of your country.
dr stone things XD
i always thought cola was a flavouring from a cola plant lol
How does this work with coconut oil when it is a soild a room temp? Surely you would just get lumps in your cola.
So it costs like a penny to make Coca Cola
Imma need to remember dis when im broke af.
Dr stone
Dammnnnn this is some dr. Stone sh*t
Fine youtube algorithm. i'll watch the f*cking video
You forgot the most important part
Gonna have to remember this incase ww3 happen.
I thought you were going to use dry ice lol.
Is it fizzy? How?   Edit: Oh nvm you use soda water.
Yo senku didn’t need all that
good to know if the walking dead comes to be real.
This wasnt the coke i was thinking about cooking smh
All that effort it's cheaper to go to Aldi and buy their coke  .
Algorithm... I owe you a coke!
I hear Karens nearby, I can sense it
Im here only cuz my brother showed me this
This man will put coca cola out of business
So Coca Cola use 700 grams of sugar for a bottle?
...huh.
dis guy sounds like hosuh from danplan
did anyone else click on this video thinking it was a joke?
Ok I will give this to some korean girl that asking for coke
How to make cola    1: get 5 bags of sugar 2: Add some water  3:boil and stir 4:add some black food colouring  5: put it in a fizz machine
This dude out here like I’m going to make this at home.
Instead of adding oil and alcohol to mix the oil with water, I cooked the 7x ingredients in water instead of oil andddd it was kinda the same and no alcohol/gum arabic
Instructions Unclear: Literally just bought one in the nearby convenience store.
500 ml or ONE lime? What kind of mutant limes is he using?
2:05 ewww
Senku brought me here
The dislikes are the people who like Pepsi 🤢😂
isn't it sugar, spice, and everything nice?   and chemical x???
fuckin buy a cola!!!
Where's the cocaine??
The coca cola company wants to know your location.
instructions unclear. i made pepsi
600 grams of sugar 😬😬😬😬😰
So no mouse poison?
3:55 ...I’m sure you meant 50 ml
Stolen from dr stone
SENKU CORA
Well, just water for me please
Just buy the darn cola at the store
gotta remember this for when WW3 happens.
The dislikes are from the cave men
Always thought cola was some secret recipe lol
"Taste exactly like cola in the store" **Watches til very end** "Now, it doesn't taste exactly like store bought cola"  [[Inster palmface here]]
After mixing fat+alcohol solution with syrup, the emulsion separated on the surface, like it theoretically should. How do you make the cola without the disgusting emulsion in the glasses?
Need to remember this incase WW3 happens I'm gonna sell my custom cola bottles
"After I watched Dr. Stone" Me: Wow nice recommendation youtube
only real gamers like myself make our cola authentically     what is authentic you ask?     *adding 91% pure crystal meth*
I haven't drink cola for years now cause of the video I saw about it 'purely' being sugar. That person heated the cola and the sugar remained... I'm here to make sure about how they make the drink and if it's mostly sugar as well
You know there’s something up with you to click on this video
Bruh he said da n word in Afrikaans
i dont see no cocaine
Why buy all this when u can just buy  coca cola
I believe here are only people who watched dr. Stone
Heads up but most essential oils aren't for consuming!
This might seem like a dumb question but did they just use normal water or did they use tonic water (fizzy water)
No fam. You’ve missed kola nut. And the coca part is spent cocaine leaves. These two are the main components in Coca Cola. They actually have a license to use spent coca leaves in the drink.
needa remember this incase i get drafted
cola needs kola nut... it's not cola without it.
I see YouTube, new year - new recommendation technics
The dislikes are Tsukasa’s  army
You sound like a Tutorial NPC from a game
This is fake, the ingredients are paid actors
Is no one going to question how disturbing some of the music he used is
thanks 2020 recommendations
Coca cola "Need to remove this before all the people know it"
this is good
Mortar and pestle... pronounce pessle
Did anyone actually make this if so does it taste good lol
or just buy a coke?
Coke would like to know your location
This is exhilirating
How much sugar and syrup should I add?  Flavor lab: yes.
Anyone here from Dr.Stone?
Everybody talking about Dr Stone (whoever that is) and no one talking about Dr Pepper?
I watched this entire video even though I will never make cola
I’m here because of Senku
I’ll just go to the store
I thought this was a Blender 2.8 tutorial. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Pepsi....we need the secret ingredients for Pepsi!
dr stoneeee
vanilla ?
Senku Cola is better!
It is told that the original recipe of Coca Cola is a secret. Although so here and there one can find a copy of that original list of ingredients and the exact orders of what to do with these plant-extracts. I remember you had to soak some of the materials overnight and then throw away the stuff that is floating and the stuff at the bottom. I have always thought this was a spillful way of producing the brown sugary water. In this "how to" I do not see any of this magical orthodox instructions. Was it silly? Tried Pemberton to mislead those who want to counterfeit?
You need a mentalist to drink it
Op wheres the crack
The whole point of cola that you use the kola nut
What step do I add the cocaine?
Nice, do you think you could show us how to make the original version now?
Maybe bcoz we had shortage of Cola from New year's party and I am craving for it ? YouTube is a freak. How did they now and get this to my recommendation????
But can it be used to wash the toilet bowl?
I didn't even drink cola, but I watched the whole thing.
Wow
Syrup + cocaine + carbonated water?
you forgot cocaine ... oh the good ol days
He said there's approximately 500ml of lime juice in a single lime..  Big ass fruits
Well I never knew studying chemistry will come in hand
Why the fuck am I watching this?
No cola nut? Interesting
Are you the Half-Blood Prince?
Party at my house, free burbon 2hrs later: Just Finnishing off the coke
When do I add the coke ;)
Can you make the original original recipe
dont you have to add carbon dioxide into this for the bittering flavor?
I couldn't find any of these ingredients so I just bought Pepsi and said that it's coke
Yo wtf does this actually work😂😂
Let’s be honest no one watching this video is going to make Cola
I tried making it and it tastes more like "new coke" than classic coke
Fun fact: The original Cola has *Coccaine* in it.
oh my god, the amount of sugar needed 😵😵😵
Senku be like
dr stone has already taught me the ways of homemade cola
I love the background music, very bone chilling!
Great video man! I love how strait forward you are. You cut strait to the chase. Nice!
You forgot to add the Kola nut in it. That’s the part that gives it that distinct flavour and the caffeine.
I learned how to make cola from dr stone but I already forgot
Orrrrrrrrrrrr you can just get Coca-Cola at Walmart 🤷
okay but like you sound a lot like Primink...
Hell nah, on the way to store to buy cola.
Wtf is up with that creepy background music? Jeez, I'm trying to watch this at night lol
You fool, have you heard of tea? Should have boiled it in water 🤦‍♀️
How to make cola? Add cola flavouring.. cool thanks. 🙄
It's not cola if it doesn't use the Kola nut.
I don't understand why people keep trying to re-invent the wheel.
you would be usefull in a survival situation
This video's title should be $1 cola vs $10 cola
No need dr stone taught me
Pepsi: *Write that down!*
*senku would like to know your location*
Black sprite 😂😂
If you're Korean, remember to ask for "cocke," not cola.
I prefer pepsi. Do you have a recipe for that? thanks
I thought cola was flavored with the Kola nut?
Nigga makes this and we can’t even taste it what???
This video isn’t about acid right?
This is what Andy from How To Make Everything *think* he does.
YoU fOrgoT tHe CoCaiNe
It didn't taste like Coke because you didn't carbonate it.
Or you can just go buy a cocacola and stop being cheap
You lost me at 2:00.
Somehow you forgot to include the cola plant.
That's some work buddy! Kudos..
I learned how to make cola from Senku why am I here
Dr.Stone anyone??
1 minute into it and already cant get some ingredients in my country. Lost
I’m not doing all this I’ll just drink water ✌🏽🤦🏾‍♀️
It sounds like cola would be cheaper at the store
Shouldn't this have at least cola in it and coca leaf extract?
Dr. Stone recipe involved less ingridients
After watching this video, I can finally drink my Coca-Cola without feel guilty. Because it is made of pure natural materials.
oh this aint the how to basic version.
it’s easier to but coke.
Make the 1886 recipe
I have watched this video, and I don't get why YouTube recommendations wants me back for...
if theres gonna be a day when where all gonna be strained like dr stone one day i gotta remember this.
But where's the cola extract?
I'm surprised i'm the only one asking this but... Isn't cola supposed to have kola extract? (The actual kola nut)
How do I make Diet Coke?
Alchemy Level 100
😯
is pepsi ok?
thanks mate!
me an intellectual: watches dr. stone to learn how to make cola
This is better than those soda products if you care for your health
You forgot the main ingredient:       *COCAINUM!*
Wait... in what world does 1 lime produce 500 mL’s of juice??
You forgot the cocaine
cant believe u forgot the cocaine
I thought kola nut was a part of this? I'm probably wrong, but.
All the dislikes must be from tsukasa
You forgot the battery acid
.
Could you extract with ethanol instead of coconut oil?
HE SOUNDS LIKE WILL ROLAND. TELL ME ITS WILL.
Senku Cola be like
Feel like it’d be simpler to just buy a coke
SUGAR SPICE AND EVERYTHING NICE
This seems very confusing. That is why I drink water instead.
Ha fucking normie if u would of watch dr.stone u would of all ready know how to
This is ten billion percent exhilarating
Instructions unclear , i accidently made pepsi.
Coke is just a bastardisation of the classic Italian citrus cola, Chinotto. And one can grow Chinotto (bitter) oranges to make one’s own cola relatively easily.
Yea I always tasted the citrus
He’s from Germany but doesn’t sound German, my brain is confused. I’m starting to see a lot of German Chanel’s that sound Canadain/American but are German 😰😰🇨🇭🇨🇭
This man sounds like a younger Mr.Beast
The music in the back is giving me a migraine but good vid
Where the chemicals everyone said it made out off
The acid should be "Acid Phosphoric", which is used in real colas and classic soda fountain drinks, like Cherry Phosphate.  Acid Phosphoric is sold by bar supply houses.
Lmfao! At first I was thinking "hey, cola can't be that bad for you if all those spices and herbs are what's..." **Add a bucket of sugar** yeah, nevermind!
Where’s the coke at?
Edd Eddsworld needs this video
Pepsi?
Always wanted to cook coke
Instructions Unclear, Accidentally Made Pepsi
Next time follow the original recipe and add cocaine 😂😂
take out the sugar out of this and ... u have just made gaddaha(indian medicine)
Cola is black?
Key look for when making: "Till it becomes very tiny dots...so tiny you can't see them" :/
Shorter way: Buy some
I have no intention of ever making this, I just want to know what the fuck I've been drinking all these years.
Just buy a Coca Cola for 0.20 cents (supermarket brand)
Just FYI you should not injest essential oils 💚
Wow this was so complex and awesome
Background music is very disturbing near the end of video., almost hard to focus on what you say. Just me?
Thanks senku
In what universe is 500ml of lime juice obtained from one lime
COCA COLAS PERSONAL FBI: OPEN UP WE JUST WANT TO TALK
I hate coke and I'm never gonna do this yet here I am watching a coke tutorial at 3am
600 g of sugar 🤯
Cut back on the sodas kids its just all sugar see.
My version of cola: Seltzer, vanilla extract, and an 8ball of cocaine!
Or u can buy it
Man the background music makes me think your revealing some top secret government coke recipe. 🤔
Pfft... That's not Coca Cola. That's clearly Pepsi. Clickbait.
soda*
Just buy a coca cola
What country do you live in
I’m 16 and before this video didn’t know one ingredient in cola....
*making this at 3AM*   My mom: what are you doing?? 😤
carbonate it
Missing one essential flavouring. Pomegranate.
Tbh you could of just bought a bottle of cola with the money you spent on all the ingredients
I'm gonna try and make this! It popped up on my recommendations and I like a challenge, might be fun?
I can’t taste it
Never going to make coke so why did I watch this?🤔
Me: I should go to sleep, I'm tired af Me 15mins later:
Dr.stone brought me here
Cool!!
Carbonation makes a big difference in flavor, it is a big selling point in a lot of soda brands. A cheap way to get carbonation into something is to get one of those Soda Stream machines.
Anyone know where to get coke for the secret ingredient?? Never mind, I know a guy🤫
Did he really say 500 millilitres of lime juice which is equivalent to 1 lime? Where can I buy these massive limes from? 😂 😂 😂
You forgot the cocaine
how many times does this twat say "essentially"
*wait*
I didnt know Jean-Baptise Grenouille had a YouTube channel
Next can you teach us how to make coke?
intersting. so if you add little bit of THC inside hmmm
Wooo
Me at 03.00, just about to sleep YouTube: HoW To MaKe YoUr OwN CoKe
Coca cola is made with coca leaves with the cocaine removed and kola nut hence coca-cola   This is like a generic RC cola.   Hahahaha Teehee Ya...Yaw...Yawp Lol
where is the coca leaves?
COCA LEAVES FUNNY
This is exhilarating 😈
Let's all be honest, We didn't find the video   *The video found us*
spend 8 hours on making cola with the fake recepie or go to the store 1-10mins away and buy the actual thing thats refreshing.... and im saying that its a fake recepie cause... why the f### would coca-cola leak their actual recepie? if they would... companies could just use that recepie to make their own products and named them like ''cola-pola'' or something and make it cheaper than coca-cola and make millions... i think coca cola if they make like 1-5mil bottles a day... they must be using just some chemicals and powders to make the actual thing.
Nonsense.. just mix cocaine, carbonated water and choco flavored syrup then use a straw 🤣👌
To make it it like the original drink, add 250mg of pure cocaine
0:31 *Karen wants to know your location*
why the creepy alien soundtrack though ?
Why is this voice familiar????
Is there a method to make this without pure sugar? Like honey, stevia, or at least molasses?  Also, I think a little bit of black tea could taste nice and maybe even darken the coke, while also being like caffeine except not as bitter
Ok I think I might have added too much sugar, I've mistakenly created a space-time vortex and brought former Spanish dictator Francisco Franco into my living room. Please help. PS: Does anyone speak Spanish?
Jesus Christ the "chirping" sound in the background music is so god damned irritating. Why would this be used for backround music?
Perfect now i know how to make Cola during WW3
hes speaking the language of gods....my god
SodaStream vibes anyone?
When do we add the Erythroxylum coca leaves ?   Its suggested nine milligrams of cocaine per glass.   (thats actually the original Coca Cola- and surprisingly quite a substantial amount, enough to have local anaesthetic properties and obviously CNS activity)
Get excited.
You watched Dr. Stone.
Every anime fan knows what I want to say so I'm not even gonna say it.
*Coca cola would like permission to your location*
Use actual coke
Cola from scratch? SCRATCH?
I thought it was a blender tutorial
I am still gonna buy cola, why am I still watching this?
Essential oils? You should not be drinking those at all!
imma be for real with you i thought this was impossible
Little tiny dots, so small you can’t see them...    So... like molecules? Or their atoms?
Or You Can Just Go Around To The Shop✊
I'm gonna make this and start my own cola war.
just watch Dr. Stone, there u go stone-aged cola
Is it just me or has it changed the way I look at Coke
Isn't the FBI gonna stop him?
Can someone please tell me how to explain my mother that I need 10 ml alcohol to make cola and "the guy in the video" told me that I need it😂
How stupid for a vid. Cola has zero fats (or oils) and no alcohol. But in Youtube you can even find the cure for cancer in terms of shitty bait titles with 2 billion views 😂
Step 1: fill any glass of choosing 2/3 full of any sugar. Step 2: add water Step 3: stir
Senku ishigami brought me here!!! (also my recommendations for some reason 😂)
Yes I am here after watching doctor stone
or you could just... buy cola?
u forgot white powder
I'm not an expert by any means, but I think it turns green/transparent cause of the septic acid of the citrus fruits which seems to have hydrophobic properties. Every time I had lemon slices on my freshly brewed iced black tea, it turns light orange, even though it's not supposed to
don't forget the Cocaine
What tf is cola
If its blue its blueberry, if its red its cherry, if its black its... uh? What tf is it???
My boyfriend drinks a lot of coca-cola and clicked on this hoping to find a healthier alternative... this is totally unrealistic though, aint nobody got time for that
i thought this was a howtobasic video
F**** so much effort
Where is the cocain brah?
Fun fact:  No one searched for this video.
Buy pepsi
so this is a secret recipe?
You missed the main ingredient...
When do I add the cocaine??
Should’ve put "How to make Coke” so you get your house raided by the DEA
I will need this during ww3.
Fun Fact: You didn't search this video       Ikr so unoriginal
Love how cola contains no actual kola
What does scratch mean??
So there's alcohol in cola lmao?
Directions unclear made Cocaine instead
Broo how did u break into the coca cola vault
This is like a fucking science experiment
Add a fuckton of cocaine for the special edition
so does it mean Cola without sugar could be healthy?
hey! what would you say the differences in flavour were?
3:55 500 ml of lime juice in just one lime?
How is a cola caffeine free? Cola is a highly caffeinated bean, the whole point of cola is to deliver caffeine, using cola beans to get lots of it.
No Kola nut?
Gonna write this down incase all the soda companies shut down
I need this in case they stop making cola during ww3
it's called SODA!
Did u put crack in it?
YouTube is recommending some random videos I don’t know
Dont do this again
This guys gonna end up dead. They keep the recipe bolted away at the coco cola factory in Atlanta lol
way too much rind on those peels
Seems like a lot of work and money for an unlimited drink that cost $1 dollar from McDonalds....
senku bot's explenation was better
Cola without cola nut? I don't get it...
You missed the main ingredient!!!! COCAINE
bruh I'm going to make this at home only for fun, for the procces
Please move the light to a better position 😭
I wonder why the title says "How to make Cola"  instead of "How to make Coke"
Gen would be proud
Gotta remember this after the nukes go off after WW3.
Taking notes incase of an apocalypse
Way to much sugar.... But I am confused... They claim that zero sugar coke has no sugar... yet the coke syrup you made had sugar. Dose anyone have any info on this.  Also can you please try to do sugar free coke :)
Cool, but where the fuck is the COCAINE!?
The original recipe
Sprite cranberry recipe?
This will help me when Ww3 start
Ah so this is where the full metal alchemist went
Anyone has made this?
Cola o Nalgas?
you forgot the coca leaves
where's the cocaine :(
You forgot to add cocaine
next vid title: how to make water from scratch
Where is the kola nut and the coca leaves ?
After watching this I ran to the convenience store and bought a bottle of Coke
Where’s the cocaine at?
Just made a new year's resolution to cut out soda. Thankfully YouTube recommended this video so I can realize how healthy soda truly is and forget about tryna to quit it.
who would have thought i would need this? gotta get all the info's you need just in case apocalypse comes knocking
Dude "similar to Coke" is amazing enough
yeah but which point do we add the coke at?
Essential oils?? Those largely aren’t edible... do you mean extracts and essences?
Dont forget cocaine!
Do you know there is  something called cola nut which people used to put in the cola drink?
making cola from scratch - really?  I keep scratching but is cola supposed to be red?. it tastes like copper sludge , is that what it's supposed to taste like?. oh, I'm dizzy.. why is there pools of blood?  at least now I have a pool.
boy how the fuck you getting 500ml of lime juice outta one lime? smh
I made this and it tasted like vommit
This actually cost more than actual Coke
You sound like ryan trahan
The Nr 1 Diabetes drink. Enjoy !
Or buy one.
Watching this while drinking coke
why does your voice sound like you have glasses
Its currently 2:30am and I have to be up to catch a flight at 5am
Wait wtf... is this Primink????
... Wait, there's... No cola nut in cola..? I always thought there was.
Instructions unclear : accidentally created a coca instead of cola 🥤
This cola origins from Indians, they have medicated colas with medicinal values
the picture of the end product is real coke because the recipe he made doesnt has bubbles in it.
Dr stone already taught me this
no just put some brown sauce (or barbecue, for an extra kick) inna soda stream
*You forgot the Coco leaves? The main flavor ingredient. Hence the name (Cola)...*
But at what stage do we add in the cocaine?
Its not Cola without the Coca
You remind of theodd1sout.
Your mortar and pestle game is weak, son.
instructions not clear glued my dick to my cat
Or go to the shop and buy a large bottle for £1
what about the gas?
COLA:   Cinnamon Orange Lemon Ale
Or just run to 711 and get a coke for 1.89
What about a zero sugar option?
does this taste anything like it?
Needs more cocaine
welp
I literally hate this product cola. It tastes like an actual pile of shit 🤮. If I could only drink Coca-Cola then I had rather have a dry body until I die and I'm serious that's how disgusting it is.
What kind of strainer was the yellow strainer?
You're missing the Kola Nut and Coca Leaves.
Why do all this work when you can buy a can coke for a buck
I'll rather buy.....
My high ass thought the cinnamon was blunts
Laughs in Dr stone
Dont let the anti vaxxers see
Doesn't the original cola beverage contain extract from the kola nut?
I want to do this
Ive never once thought about what COCA COLA was made of ....Cola is like its own flavor and thing ...crazy to see what its actually made of
I hate cola
Just discovered the channel love it
A bottle of lime juice LOOOOL man this video never gets old
Howtobasic did it better no offence
-Go to the store and buy a cola-  Go to the store, buy all the ingredient, watch this video, Follow all the steps, waste time and finally make a Cola ✔
I was expecting some Kombucha so I'm dissapointed.
Or you can just get yo ass up go to the local store and buy cola!
My new years resolution is to lose weight  Youtube recommendation: *NO!*
You forgot the cocaine
Dr stone
Sounds like Joshua
So what is the original recipe with essential oils from?
So anyone try it? How’s it taste?
Fuck all that.
It’s 2am now. My eyes are strained but what...what’s this recommendation I see? “How to make Cola”.  Yes.
Dr stone
Forgot to add the cocaine
Coke-Cola: Delete this
Wasn’t there a price ingredient for this? I forgot what the name it was
Brilliant
Preparing for ww3 lmao
ESSENTIAL OILS  FOR THE FLAVOURING???? BROTHER WHERE DID YOU GET YOUR RECIPE
When does he pull out the cocaine
Me: k I’m going to bed now  YouTube:.........HOW TO MAKE COLA!!!!  Me: 6 more minutes won’t hurt
did anybody else get a bleach ad or is it just me?
I made it and now I have my own coca cola shop
Actual video: *_Why Coca-Cola is unhealthy_*
You forgot the cocaine...
SUPER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me: it's gon b cool to see him make the fiz by scratch!   Him: final step, add soda water  Me:
Do you carbonate the cola which  makes carbonic acid which also adds to cokes flavor ? Flat coke is yuch!
*Now this is what I call a Coke lab.*
Now my brown mom is gonna be like "why buy Coca-Cola when we can make it at home" 🙄
Alcohol? I'm not alcoholic, and i don't like Alcohol  I am mad scientist, it's cool! you sonovabich.
"How to Make coke" so close yet so far.....
Super cool!
Who Watches Dr. Stone Here!? "😂😂👌
If you want an original taste there is a special white powder that you can add
How to make cola: Ingredients: -sugar -sugar -sugar
What, not cocaine? And you call it Cola?  Pfui.
What fandom are you Dr. Stone fans from? I don’t recognize the character name.
Where's the cocaine?
Kids: Can we get Coke? Mom: No! We have Come at home! Coke at home: Pepsi running out Kids: Can we have more Pepsi? Mom: No! we have more Pepsi at home! More Pepsi at home: RC Cola and this.
shut the fuck up, dumbass weebs
What does this video have to do with Dr.Stone just asking
How do you make it diet?
Should've used essential oil, if you wanted quality. And grape seed oil would've been better.
You forgot the cocaine leaf.... Thats the secret extra ingredient
Them: Hey don’t throw that orange peel away!   Me: uhhh why?  Them: I wanna make a coke
Or we could just buy it 🤗
I knew there was lemon and orange I KNEW IT But it was missing that one thing to smooth it out!!!
yeah i'm just gonna use alcohol.
i assumed cola was like plastic and it was a recent invention and you have to make it in a lab but now that i think about it i guess back in the day the guy who invented coke just had like, some leaves and a bunch of cocaine to work with.
So It appears that cola is made from "the uncola nut"--Some of us will know what I'm talking about.
You've acquired: Coca-Cola secret ingredient recipe.   *Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
Dude in what world is 500ml of lime juice in one lime, I bartend and a lime gives 1-1.5oz top, that's 45ml.
Carbonate it? Or did you do it and I didn’t notice
Senku saw this video before he got stoned
Wait 700 grams of sugar?
*Wheres the cocaine*
Am I the only one who has no clue what the fuck a Dr. Stone is?
Asagiri Gen would explode his pants
Essential oils? Sorry I’m not gonna be an anti-vax mom today.
no one: me at 4am:HOW TO MAKE COLA
what is 'grams'?
*what is cola*
You forgot to add cocaine
we need this guy when the war starts
Remember this so u can make it just in case u time travel back to the past (I may have watched/read too many Chinese time traveling dramas/novels)
*whispers*you forgot the cocoine
Youtube recommendation tryna make cola go bankrupt
Cola is life.
this was so fun to watch
I KNEW IT WAS CINNAMON!
Did it taste like coconut because of the coconut oil? How did you get bubbles?
you forgot the cocaine....
By the time your finished watching this video I would have returned from the store and got a big ass Coca Cola bottle and drank it all
Instructions unclear, ate 5 grams of nutmeg instead
Why is this on my recommended? I don't even like coke
Coke is a vanilla cola, pepsi is a very citrus cola, and Dr. Pepper is like cherry with vanilla (among other things)
1 tip: If you use zest or peels from citrus fruits make sure you use organic ones as normal ones have beeswax and other chemicals. If you use the fruitflesh it shouldn't really matter if it's organic or not.
Franky is proud of you!!!
Why is it carbonated in the last few seconds?
use sugar-water solution instead of oil. use the actual fruit instead of the peels.
Coca Cola wants to know your location
Take look of the Fallout nuka Cola Rezept it works without oil and is easy Tod made
This guy sounds like eminem😪
Tried to snort this but it didn't give me the effect I hoped for...
you should use the essential oil if the recipe calls for it, because there';s no knowing how much essential oil you extracted from your raw ingredients.
Of course it doesn't taste the same. Except for the flavoring mixture that you'll never get the same, caffeine is also a flavoring. And also they use phosphoric acid not citric acid which taste completely different.
I definitely use alcohol. A lot of alcohol, to resemble the original recipe with actual coke.
3:54 500mL is not 1 lime btw.
Diabetes
apple
How is this video related to an anime
I wonder what the coke recipe is
Just ask mecha senku
If you accidentally add a Chemical X, you'll make yourself a Powerpuff Girl.
I think I just buy a bottle.
DR STONE
this feels like a lot of work for something you can buy pretty much everywhere, specially when english is not your native language and you really know like half of the ingredients
Hey! Where's the cocaine?
"500 ml or about one lime"  *Where do you get these monster limes?!*
Instructions unclear  Accidentally made the different type of coke
I’m watching this video drinking Pepsi...
Interesting
the color comes from the coffee
you forgot the cocaine
How much caffeine did you use? Wait… What do you mean there's no caffeine in it? What about cocaine?  WTF is this? Who would drink this? This is sugar water.
what is the price ratio compared to real coke? is it cost affective to make it?
Try 7 grams of Nutmeg
where da cocaine tho
Rip off Chinese companies be like 👀👀👀👀
btw cola is caramel colour
this is illegal!
Je  heb  ook  cola  plant   dan heb  je  gelijk  de  smaak
I'd also enjoy trying to make coke a cola, with zero fuckers that could rate it's taste.
the dislikes are people who dont have kaffir lime leaves in their pantry
Last ingredient: coke.
Need to remember this incase  my country turns into a communist
Just go and buy some🙄
wait they don't use kola nut anymore?  We have cola in DK where they use it, and it's AMAZING.
Your channel is awesome, thanks for the great content!
Cola should be paying you guys ....
yeah ... like almost everyone else, I'm watching this after watching Dr.Stone
Wait you don't carbonate it?
Time to make my own cola, put in a glass bottle and label it as Senku cola to tribute the great cabbage head guy and the mentalist. Of course.
*dr stone*
you forgot the cocaine!
watched this so i can make one after world war 3 ended
Fun fact : it doesnt taste like cola
Dosent it easier to just pull 1 dolar out of your pocket and buy a cola beduse i think all this cost talot over 10 dollars
FBI OPEN UP!!!!!!!
Let's just walk down the store and get a 99p cola.
500ml of lime juice.... or ONE Lime 1) That is some monsterous Limes you got there 2) Considering that, do you row your boats with your hands?   It should be around 5 large limes in 500ml, so if your mixture was too sweet, that is why.
I think this is a healthy coke.
Avoid the food colouring, not exactly good for your system.
The only thing different Coca-Cola is you need to add *actual Coca leaves*
Instructions unclear  I made Pepsi??
grams instead of ounces and cups, music to my ears
Where is the caffeine? WHERE IS MY FOCKING CAFFEINE?
YouTube catches what you speak.
Really?! Wow!
*Asagiri Gen wants to know your location*
You left out the Kola seed, cocaine, and gun oil
How do they make sugar-free coke with no ingredient that would make it thick?
What is that stupid sound every 15 seconds.
All these knuckleheads that think Coke is the original cola
Did you mention Oil?
Just watch dr. Stone, an intellectual
Use cilantro.
U forgot the cocaine
You forgot the narcotics.
Wait a second. You have no cocaine in your recipe so this is no coke.
looks like  a poison recipe
so cola is made with essential oils? great! now i can give my son cola rather than those nasty vaccines!
Others:Dr.Stone Me: i will use this to consentrate my hamon to shot at police officers
I'm ten billion percent sure everyone here is from Dr stone
Yup. It’s 2:30am
now make coke!
Its just like saft in norway
*Coca Cola Would Like To Know Your Location*
stop this harram behaviour, BAN ALCHOL
First we need some cocaine—
Ever thought about making a coke flavored cake?
Thank you so much 😊 Up until watching this video i didn't even know how coke is made 😲
what is cola ?
When I was in third  or second grade we did a project where we made soda it was pretty cool and it actually tasted ok  10/10 would recommend
who the fuck is dr stone
I think you forgot the cocaine
What the hell you said ur trying to make cola not cola with 20% less sugar! Put sugar in that bitch and make it close to cola!!!! Fucken less less sugar my ass estupid
You forgot about cocain
Cheapskates be like:
You forgot to add the cocaine
No cocaine?! Dislike
whos here and doesnt know what dr stone is??????
Essential oils the term triggers me for some reason
Coca cola comes knocking at your door
Does anyone give a single fuck about this shit. Sounds like cunts would like this ahit.
CocaCola: wants to know you location
They always say soda is unhealthy, I don't see how while watching this.
Okay so... Coke is bad for you but this doesn't look bad
Is this the deleted scene from Dr. Stone?
this guy on coke?, talking too fast.
What about the cocain?
I think you're missing some cocaine
Dr. Stone bought me...oh shit
What are those screeching noises?
Casually adding 700+ grams of sugar
Wheres the cocaine M8
what is cola?
now do coke
4:15 video ended
Why are you all talking about this manga series?
I only know senku cola...
Just buy coca cola
99% of people here are from Dr.Stone and youtube algorithm flavor Lab your subscribers are not loyal bro
No coca leaf? They still use it.
Wherever the cocaine?
You didn’t use cokecaine?
I believe gum arabic makes the more black ish color to the coke
who actually here not from dr stone or whatever his name is
WTF ugly same not lmao
My mom is obsessed with Central oils
Ngl idek what dr stone is I just saw this vid and clicked on it
instructions unclear i made a black hole instead of cola help
instructions unclear i turned into soda
You forgot a tablespoon of fresh cocaine powder
*Coca Cola has left the room*
Maybe I'll try making cola the next time I cook Thai food.
Who is doctor stone??
Only question is... Does it taste like Cola?
Well I think..... I prefer buying one.
Yeah... Maybe next time just buy it from the store..?
You forgot the cocaine dude
Need to remember this vid if “yesterday” comes to life
Excuse me can i have a spicy lemonade.. cola i mean.
Where is Coka nut ingredient ?
They really made senku cola from Dr.Stone a real thing? Damn
posers. the cola I make has actual cocaine in it
Why does he sound like primink
This dude out here making the power puff girls.
Ingredients are more expensive than the product
Remember kids coke has fruit in it
you forgot to add the forbidden spice called cocaine
cola miwadi!
Wow how cool
First, get some cola like you buy at the store.
See?  Coca Cola is chock full of vitamin C, so it's good for you!.
I thought this would be those kinds of crazy videos like howtobasic but this is actually legit.
I am not going to make cola. I dont know why i watched this whole thing
What happens if you put 4 grams of some bud
why am i watching this at 4 in the morning
cola - just burn shugar and add water.
Yeah, I think I’d rather just buy a coke from the supermarket.
I always thought the cola nut was part of the flavouring ?
How do you make coke in scratch
If only acctual coke was this healthy
Sweet! I will test, original Coke probably has moore chemicals for tast!
Who clicked cause of the nice cold ice-cold coke glass on the video
rename the video "how to get poisoned"
Watching this made me thirsty.
Instructions unclear    Hit my brother with a chair
what is cola?
When you can pay $1 rather than going through this mess....
Damn how bigs the lime he used??
more expensive than buying 1 bottle/can
U coke head lol. This was cool 😻
2:53 gum arabic is in rolling papers lol
Coke likes to know your location
Kid: "Mom can we get some real Coke a Cola?" Mom: "No, we have Coke a Cola at home." *Coke a Cola at home*
Where did the carbonation come from at 5:25 ?
When you just finish watching the episode on Dr. Stone where he makes the cola for Gen, then this shows up in your suggested videos. 🤔😂
Who remembers when the Coke machine broke and every bottle of coke was SYRUPY as FUCK.
This sounds way too natural to be cola lol
Go to McDonald's. Boom !   Cola.
You can tell someone's foriegn when the use euro as plural like dollars. 70 dollars. 70 euro not euros
Everyone is gangsta till you get cancer
i never thought it would come to this, but i need it for true survival
Is it just me or does his voice sounds exactly like PRIMINK😂😂
wtf is doctor stone?
Me: Jan 1st 2020!!! I'm taking my health seriously this year.  YouTube algorithm: here's how you make soda at home  Edit: 700 likes?! Mama, look l made it!!
Senku has entered the chat
Why black? Cola is brown.
Nice one, Primink.
Thought Coca Cola's recipe was top secret. Held in a massive vault with like only 3 people in the whole world knowing it. Also heard that they are not allowed to travel or even know each other. Seems weird that I am getting a cola tutorial on YouTube when the original is classified information.  Edit: Also, as a non Dr. Stone fan, have no idea what you are talking about.
Jesus dude you're GERMAN? You sound so American
essential oils, so coke cures everything?
Where's the coca leaves?
I dunno, looks like shit
Anybody here know where I can watch dr stone for free on iPhone? (Or laptop)
Can you do one for dr. Pepper
Isn't cola 99% sugar? Because most of it is sugar.  A cola can is like a handful of sugar.  Thats a fact
Cola means butt in Spanish .. also tail. Also means glue
You forgot the cocaine
why is this in my recommended and why am i watching it
Next: How to make coke.
you forgot the cocaine
,h
Who the heck is DR Stone?
Add little coca😎
Why is the music so scary?
Wow! Who knew that’s how cola was made? Coca Cola must have very similar ingredients
You are a god among men and I swear to you that you'll be going places.
This is the video that coca cola doesnt want you to see.
*So many ingredients and it's just a waste of time. Why not just buy a god damn bottle of coke?*
So take a bag of the white powder you bought from the sketchy guy in the ally and take some and mix it in.
What about the coke?
I want cock (if you understand leave a like)
From where is he from?
i'll just get the stuff from the shop
So soda is salad?
So you’re saying I’ve been drinking lemonade?
Probably would have been better if you'd pounded it more with the mortar. The cinnamon looked practically untouched so I doubt you got much flavour out of it.
just use sprite and tamarind syrup
You did not make the cup
*CRACK*
You forgot the coca tho
Hell no! Too much work
I will try this! Thank you.
Claire from the bon appetite test kitchen would enjoy this one
If we're talking about coca cola, it was made years and years before  as a drug to take you away from cocaine. The original recipe was after that changed ofcourse and now we have this normal coca cola.
Or you can just buy it at your local Wawa
Who the hell is Doctor Stone?
Can you do a How to Make *Pepsi*
Youtube just recommend me to this on 1st Jan 2020. Nothing to do with Dr Stone 😬
It's weird I one hundred percent felt I tasted clove
Much better than Dr.Stone recipe.
Switch sugar with cocaine.  Now you should have real *_COKE_*
How'd you get the ingredients????!
"500ml of lime juice" "or about the juice from one lime". In what world do you get half a litre out of a lime?! 😂
You should have used very dark brown food coloring because Cola isn't that black. It always have a slight brown color
DID ANYONE OF THE VIEWERS HERE TRIED HIS OUT?
⚠️ *Disclaimer*  I have no idea what the comments are talking about and who the hell is Dr.Stone
Next video How to Make Coke
That’s not the secret formula
Why does this sound like Morty making a coke 😂
So taste like Diet Coke ?
Variations: two to five drops of peppermint flavouring essence directly in the syrup (to preference), for those wishing for a cooler taste in hotter climates. (Personally wondering if adding a sprinkle of peppermint tea leaves to the orange peel and leaf mix for essential oils would be worth the hassle, just asking.) Nice.
Senkuuuuu chaaan
Happy new year!!
This video was recommended on my page. However, I would rather drink this homemade cola than the Coca Cola from prepackaged bottle and soda can.
The ads are taking forever.. Damn
Who's here before the 2020s
Next make the original cola
Dr Stone? No. Recommendations? *Yes.*
Clickbait. No cocaine was added.
Flavor Lab: *Makes replica of cola* Coca Cola: “You weren’t suppose to do that”
Forgot THE COKE
Y tf am I here....
step 1: go to store step 2: find cola step 3: buy
Instructions unclear, accidentally cured cancer.
I edited this twice
HOW THE HELL IM I GOING TO GET COCAINE?!
Where is the coca?
Fuck this I’m copping a bottle from the corner ain’t nobody got this much damn time on they hands
nasıl ya hani fare kanı filan vardı? !!!
It's crazy how all these ingredients in the 7x flavoring makes one unhealthy drink
did david seymour did this? bc if not he needs to
Or you could just go buy some, yknow
When all the otaku head saw ‘how to make cola’  Definitely click
Hi this is Steve he only appears once every 20,000 YT vids. 👨🏻‍🦲    ⬅️ /()\  /\  Like or comment to activate 5 years of luck and the next time you procrastinate on project you will be able to pull a successful all nighter.
hey youuu from 2020       31 december
I'll just go get a Dr. Pepper
Recipe of coke:  sitting inside a safe where no one can see it Flavour lab: how to make coke
I came here for eggs.
Lol Soda Water hahaha
What alcohol did you use?  Rubbing alcohol or alcohol like Gin,  Vodka,  etc.?
why says cola
I actually dont know anything about coke can anyone explain?
Next you should do how to make crack
Tip: If you wanna taste some good Cola, add *cocaine* for a  kick
Scratch your ass
So sprite is made the same way just without the caramelized sugar?
Anyone here after finishing all of dr stone
I was literally thinking of searching this up earlier today  COVER YOU CAMERAS THE GOVERNMENT PUT MIND READING MACHINERIES INSIDE IT
Came from Dr.Stone 😂
Who is doctor stone ?
You can’t make it taste like coke because you made cola, not coca cola. Also the sweeter it is, the more it will taste like Pepsi. Coke isn’t as sweet.
You want to get those flavorful oils out? Here’s a hint: use the alcohol instead of just water when you simmer the bits.
I’m here from wanting to see how to make cola
I dont get the dr stone comments...
JUsT Go tO thE sToRe and BuY a CaN Of CoLa
Mom can we buy coke cola   Mom we have coke  at home   Coke at home
Gen is watching
It's interesting to watch, but never gonna try the recipe, jut go buy colo from the store
what is it with the creepy background track??
he only made cola, but if he used coca leaves it would be coca cola...
Nahhh i will just buy coca cola at the market
The mixture looks disgusting 🤮
Do you know what I did?     Just buy it from a shop
The preview made it look like a HowToBasic vid
Senku was here
Grams? Euros? WTF ?
Who in the hell is dr stone
What step do I add the cocaine? I'm making the 1890s version of cola, how many grams or mg of cocaine do I need?
What is Dr rock?
The Coca-Cola company wants to know your location
Boycotting coke a cola.  Cool!
Kids, remember! ask your parents
Google becoming smart...I'm drinking Pepsi😱recommending this to me
So its like a coffein free version? Cauee non of em got coffein
I'm drinking Sprite while watching this  Cola: mh.. Me: sip*siiiip*  Sprite:ugggghhh~y-yamete!
5:16 How come the ratio between the sirup and the water is so small. Isn't cola supposed to contain alot of sugar, but here there's less than one tablespoon
Wizard back then be like:
You forgot the cocaine (original around 1910 actually had cocaine in it)
Imagine asking if there is coconut in your cola because you have an allergy,  This post was made by the name brand cola gang.
How to make cola: SUGAR
Interesting, but a lot of work😩
He forgot the cocaine
Can I try without alcohol
Faltan las hojas de coca y para más fidelidad cocaína.
You can clean your toilet with cola.
It's not carbonated tho
1.7k dislikes are the coke company guards of secret recipe
Thanks for this one I'M GOING TO try this!!! Thanks for the UPLOAD!!! NEW SUBSCRIBER HERE!!!
Instead of buying all those ingredients u can buy a small pizza and 3 cokes for your friends
Pepsi > Coke
I will not add alcohol
you can just carbonate poop water instead.
You've forgotten the crack
Yeah... I'm just going to buy it at the store
Long story short: Soda maker
What the fuck us a dr.stone
THIS IS HOW COKE IS MADE!!!!
*_Last Ingredient: Cocaine_*
im here because i got this in my reccommended
I've never seen dr Stone's video and I don't like Cola.The Algorithm Gods work in mysterious ways
Cola: Requires essential oils. Karen nybbas: 0o0
The ingredients costs more than a Coca Cola bottle and it tastes better
0:57 but nutmeg get me HIGH HIGH
step 1:buy some coca cola
i seen someone put a thick dark paste into tonic water and made the same results. so the recipe is totally different.
I vetter buy coca, cuz these ingredients cost A LOT more then a can or bottle of coca!
Mine as well go buy cola
Everyone: Came here for dr stone thingy thingy .  Me came here for nothing.
I'd suggest a neutral oil. Coconut oil had a strong aroma of its own.
This recipe is nice, but I'm still finding a person who can pump a lot of air.
Shoulda added some coke
Funniest thing: you did not search for this
Thats way too much work. I will just buy from a local shop.
why these cola making videos are all so depressed?
Can you make the 1886 version? That one literally melts your skin.
You misspelled "Diabetes" in your title.
According to the history, the coke was originally made with cocaine. So I was expecting that you will also consider it as ingredient.
I can just go buy some coke
Don’t make coke. It has less flavour. MAKE PEPSI MORE FLAVOUR AND *PEPSI MAN BLESSES YOU FOREVER IF U DONT DRINCC CONK*
Step 1: Put in a quarter off sugar in a cup
Add Pepsi into a glass  Done
GAMER
Why tf is there creepy music in the video
Home made cola cost more then a Supermarkt Cola...
i clicked on this because i like cola
Instructions not clear, made Pepsi
i'll just go to the store...
Looking for comments, whether anyone really did this recipe and checking if true 😂
Only mads will make cola at home . With those hardship I would buy a case of coke for entire year
so that's why sugar free cola is impossible....
When i watched this video a pepsi commercial popped on my screen lol i think pepsi is more better than cocacola
Life Hack: Just by Coco Cola or the ones from Mexico.
You forgot the add in the pound of cocaine 😋
Can I use pure normal cleaning ethanol
Will this cure my sickness since it contains essential oils
When you can't go to the store to buy it
I’m on the FBI’s watchlist now
sipping coca cola while watching it damn
Better to buy one coke
What the fuck is dr stone
I made coke instead
99% comments dr. Stone 1% cola
Me: Mum can we buy some cola  Mum : No ,we have cola at home       Cola at home :
All you need is 40 sachets of sugar and done
Who else is looking in the comments to see if anyone made and said if it taste alike?
Cola can be made with honey, cilantro,lime, and CO2 water
It’s way easier just go to a store and buy Coca Cola
...who is Dr. Stone?
Where is the cocaine-
I found this in my recommended. FIGHT ME DOCTOR STONE NONS
Me: yum, I wanna make coke at home!  Flavor lab: sO iM gOinG tO pUt MoOnsHinE iN mY cOkE   wtf
can someone tell me who Dr. Stone is.
1: Cocaine... oh wait wrong year
After Dr stone all this shit
All this from Dr stone
STEP 1: buy sugar Buy sugar again buy sugar again buy sugar again buy sugar again     you need to have a glass water and then put the sugar in it
here bc of YouTube rec
Couldn’t you just put sugar in water
3:55 sounds like a huge f*ckin lime
Thanks for the grape juice
Dr.Stone
Next time add cocaine 😗
Nah bro I’m pretty sure it’s just water and sugar
*The Secret of the World, are discovered*
Or just watch dr. Stone😉
Coca Cola: *you made what*
or just buy a cola
just exposed the coca cola secret
Who else watches this but isn’t going to make it
when the ingredients are more expensive than the product itself
YouTube recommendations!
Where is the cocaine
Or you can use honey caramel (honey boiled til its caramalized), cilantro, and lime (dr stone wast exactly clear on the detail of zest or juice). Lime zest on cilantro smells like cola
The kingdom if science is truly amazing!
Fuck you in the ass Dr.Stone fans,DAMM YOU
cocaine
Dr Stone
What is “doctor Stone”
👏👏👏
*Home made cancer*
Zombie apocalypse:happens  This guy: WanT sOMe ColA
What is this Cola drink?
Imagine making cola out of natural stuff :uncontrolled laughter:
the video starts at 00:00 Thank me later
Me: mom I want cola  Mom: We have cola in our home   Cola in home:
Where is the cocaine?
Dr. Stone be like:
What the fuck is a Dr Stone?
Bro he really didnt give credit cause he read dr stone manga before making this video
This is how human 🦏invented🦉 cola centuries ago.🗝️😁😁
First of all  orange and  lemon peels  and  cinnamon sticks  are definitely not the  ingredients in a cola  you gots to have Carmel color .
No no no  you  got the  whole thing all wrong  it's  gonna look like a  cola but not  taste like a cola   let the  soda  stream do the work.
I made it and it was good
Bruh I thought that was lean
Cola at home:
Essentially
5:42 man be careful FBI’s watching us
4:48 I thought at first he said Citric acid and said to myself, THIS IS EXHILARATING!
When you think you’re the first one to comment a comment related To Dr stone and finds all comments “ Finna make some Corua”!
so cola is healty?
Does it taste like Coca-Cola
Ly🥰
I'll give you a really good tip else than doing all of this you can just fucking go and get a cola bottle from the shop
من جاء هنا بعد ماغلى سعر الكولا 😂😂
He sounds like high pitch MrBeast
This is fake you can’t make cola at home you can only get it at the store snh
He is too dangerous to be left alive
When you won't going to the store to by Coke
You forgot about the coke
Bruh no one searched for this..
just go to the store and buy a can of cola
Just go to super market
Coca-Cola: *wait thats illegal*
Just buy one lol its cheaper
Or you can go to the store and buy coke 🤫🤫🤭🤔
Wtff is doctor stone?
You know cola is like 2$ in the store
Oh, the green flash is comming
Who the fuck is doctor stone? People get a life
10% about video 10,000,000% dr.stone memes
Where’s the cocaine?
Add the coke
aloobukhara syrup and soda water it's like a cola
put aloobukhara syrup and it's like a cola  aloobukhara with sugar  make a syrup and it's taste is very much like cola
Nice.
Everyone who can’t cook then buy coke don’t make it 😂😂😂
Coca cola wants to know your location
Gen must be watching this video right now seeing how senku made his cola
How to make your own coke :  1. Buy coke from store 2. Bring it home 3. Put it in the cooler for a few hours 4. Drink your coke  Isn’t that easy?
So was it carbonated?
mans the opposite of those stupid mom recipe sites with some sort of 2 page essay in the beginning before the recipe
Sincu shan😂
Za warudo
Where is the cola  or coke, y'know the controversial ingredient that is not in the coke any more? I thought it would be that recipe.
Just buy instead
u forgot to add cocain
Thats disgusting
Where did the co2 come from?
Funny thing  YOU Didn’t SEARCH fOr ThIs!!!!
My recipe is: sodastream and water, uppe this helped
I was expecting a wreckage of things and throwing eggs.
Please give us an episode how to make mentos 👍
have i gone completely insane or is the background music from minecraft?
I thought this was clickbait!
As a fellow weeb  *I am proud of this comment section*
Thought this was a howtobasic vid
I think going to the store and buying a bottle of Cola is way easier than this
Take my money ...       And go to store and buy a bottle of coke
WHO IS DR.STONE PLEASE TELL
*he's too dangerous to be left alive*
Kingdom of science is growing i see
Wow looks like Senku  used this to make coke. Senku you cheater!
Franky wants to know your location
OHAYOU SEKAI GOOD MORNING WOOORLD
Or you could just go to the corner store and pay $1.25 on coke
No kola nut?
Senku would approve
5 seconds in: Guess I'll *sub*
Not gonna lie, I clicked thinking of Dr stone
How to make a Cola. Step 1: Get a job Step 2: Get your first salary and go to store. There ya go, a tasty Cola.
You forgot one really important ingredient The Main one
Pepsi: we have the biggest and safest vault in the world to ensure no one steals our recipe. This guy: *HOW TO MAKE PEPSI* Pepsi: Am I a *JOKE* to you
Did you forget the cocaine?
You made a lucky save here with that "cola" because if you called it "coke" you'd probably attract a very different audience to this video
Asagiri gen is proud.
Jeez I don't know, my grocery had coke for 6/710ml bottles for $1.95. This is great if you place no value on your time.
I actually don't like ice in sodas bcause it waters it down
wow i didnt know these ingredients were in cola! also didnt know cola was really a citrus drink with spices....then again I honestly never thought much about it...i should try this one day! :D
Why you no use eggs???       "How To Basic" hasn't taught you crap    >:C
to get that coca cola taste. you need to add vanilla extract
FBI open up!!
ummmmmm buying is easier ...
The amount of sugar is insane lol
Step 1.Have a chemistry laboratory so you can make chemicals
WOW WE WEEABS ARE TAKING OVER 🤪
Senku is that you?
Wait what is contains alcohol  I got curious so I searched it on google and it says it does contain alcohol and it’s harm is not halal.Also tests say it also.This is a heart breaking news.I mean lots of people including Muslims drink Coca Cola and most people did not know about the fact is haram.😩😔😔😣 Well I’m going to ask forgiveness from Allah.
I'm a weeb myself but I got this on my recommendation.
Someone in 2020
people who watch dr stone : *im 4 parallels ahead of you*
*senku has joined the chat*
He said alcohol so I miked 600ml of vodka and 10 gm sugar “I am dead “. 💀 “FUCK”
That's amazing
Wheres the kola nut or kola nut extract?
But what about the cocaine?
or...- or you can JUST BUY coke from the store :D
Add some cocaine and mix and it should be like the one in store
Hehe this is exhilarating
Tbh i learned more in dr.stone than school
This man is too smart to be left alive
*in store  boy: mom can i have some cola mom: no we we have cola at home cola at home
You see that guys its time to get excited
HOW DO I MAKE THE MAKE OF THE MAKINGED?
Today :Making cola at home.😋 2025 : Making cocaine at home.😎
Copied from HowToBasic
cool
https://youtu.be/WMOvKRAGdYA
90% comments Dr. Stone 10% watching because it was recommended(me)
Instructions unclear, I toasted some water
Didn't work. Made coke, became Pablo Escobar and I'm stuck in jail for 30 years. Thanks a lot
Essential Oil
This is Amazing 😍, Get Excited!
Next vid:Homemade water
Wheres the drugs?
Ew, no one wants to drink that tar
Or you can just buy a cola and watch this video!
i made this and it tasted like tizer and sprite not cola
I am tsukasa.
Why this music is so scary?
as someone who always wanted to learn new recipes, i wanted to learn how to make cola, but i figured it would require a complicated process to happen because it would require some kind of industrial distillation or fermentation process developed in the late 19th century. but yes, that one episode of dr stone did make me want to investigate "is it really as simple as senku says?"
When i opened the video: "nice i dont need to go to the store i really wanted some cola now". After i watched the video: "well to the store i go..."
For edd.
You said nothing about how you produce the carbonization/bubbling.
I love coke
You know that you can mix milk into cola and it doesn't curdle.
Senku Cola
This is how Senku learned to make cola
Now thats exhilarating!
Is good flavor?
*no soul*  Korean lady: Give me coke I want coke
Who tf is doctor stone?
Oiol
Im addicted to cola!! Now since ik how to make it im unstoppable!!!!!
Orrrrrr......     Go to nearest store and buy a 2$ cola😝
I'm allergic to cinnamon. Good substitute?
need Senku cola bottle at the end
lol 600g of sugar, throwing that drink straight into the trash.
How many arabic gum should we use instead of alcohol?
I'm just here for Japanese Jimmy Neutron
I used honey instead of water to put less sugar
2 cups = 500 ml Juice of 1 lemon = 500 ml What is wrong with you?
This is great thanks! I just saved $1.89 by making my own coke!
Senku cola*
Now Coca-Cola company wants to know your location.
How long can the syrup last without losing flavor?
Always keep a cola recipe on you, you never know when a mentalist might switch sides
You arnt a fan of dr stone if you don’t get this recommended
great
This is 10 billion percent accurate.
Asigiri gen would be proud
Senku watched this video before he was petrifying 10 billion percent
No one: don't exist*
2018  nobody here  2019  dr.stone famous anybody here
New comments are all about *Dr. Stone* 💕
You did not add the cocaine
Coco cola wants to know your location.
OK but what if I don't have moonshine? Would vodka work?
Goes well with foxtail ramen
you miss 1 ingredients..  k im leave
Homemade cola goes online, coke cola and Pepsi will remember that
this guy made 500 ml of juice from 1 lime. what the fuck?
*GOTTA KEEP THIS IN MIND OR ELSE THE MENTALIST MIGHT TURN AGAINST ME.*
HowToBasic want to know your location.
this is exhilarating.
I never drank cola in my entire life
Yeah, lemme just find 1 lime that has 500ml of juice in it...
Breaking Bad Cola Edition
Sugar n Cocaine helps a Headache go down the drain
Is that you Senku ?? Hehe...
I'll buy it, bye
you forgot to add cocaine
*Coca cola and Pepsi want to know your location*
How to make cola without cocaine
Senku cola be like...
Where is the cilantro?  Senku taught me this.
Thanks you so much I really really love koke cola !
I’m sorry but ‘500 mL’s or about one limes worth of juice’ doesn’t seem right at all
I was a bit shook when I heard you say 500 mL of lime juice, but it's correct in the description haha phew
Now this Coke looks exhilarating
Dr stone be like
Drink tender coconut
You could've done more video editing
Do you need to use a carrier oil for the flavors? In other cordial recipes I've seen, you just put whatever gives the flavor (fruit, flowers, etc) in a pot with water and sugar and let it steep. Could you do the same with this?
senku approve
This is exhilirating
the comment section is 90% about who the fuck dr stone is and i find it idiotic.
Bruh just buy at the store its that easy
*fbi wants to know your location*
Why is the background music creepy
Corn syrup and mayonnaise
Omg he's european
just by it you wil spend much less than buying this ingredients but if you have these things at home why not
Me : sees this dude add alcohol in colas Me : wth dr stone
So sad to hear about your disappearance, man
If you ain't willing to spend 40 bucks on this video, then why should I even bother to subscribe, fam? Broke ass
senku approves
Thought this was original, where's the cocaine
All this Fuckery of Ingredients Would cost more than an bottle of actual cola.
Senku Cola
I know I watch Dr Stone and that I listen to the ops and eds, so youtube decided to recommend this, jesus
Senku cola
Y do I feel like u read dr stone before you made this Or u worked in a cola factory
How to make cola  Step 1: cocaine
Don't forget the cocaine
You forgot the cocaine , man !
Dr. Stone: *make a cola tutorial" The viewers of this video: STONK
He kept saying "Essential oil" instead of Flavor exacts. Essential oils are not for consumption and can make you highly sick. They are safe on the skin and in candles/scent sprays. But not to eat/drink.. They are made worse they rubbing alcohol which is poisonous if consumed.. So yea.. Don't use essential oils in foods/drinks. You flavoring exacts.
No cocaine?
shut the fuck up
shut the fuck up
shut the fuck up
shut the fuck up
shut the fuck up
shut the fuck up
Tasted better in the manga
Dr stooooone 👌
I like how most of the comments are relating to Dr.Stone, cause that's why I'm here too😂
Who applied the recipe after this cause I want to make sure if tastes like cola
You forgot the most important ingredient, the cocaine
I will download it till the world turn to stone
Well, since not even pepsi doesn't manages to pull off a good taste, I don't think that I'll be either
Who else doesn't know what dr stone is
I'm loving all the dr.stone comments
SENKU AND GEN
Poped out on my recommendation again :o
Just in case I'm 3,700 years into the future in a stone age world.
Sinko in that you ?
OHAYO SEKAI GOOD MORNING WORLD
You forgot the secret ingredient to make coke and it's in the name
Dr.stone?
I was going to comment it but then I noticed that there are already dozens of 'who is here after Dr.Stone' comments.
Senku
Forgot the secret ingredient: cocaine
How To Make Cola Me: *flashback from HowToBasic channel*
Why did he sound like Asagiri-Gen to me in the beginning of the video?
Who’s dr. Stone I just went here because it was in my recommended
*Alchemy 100*
You forgot the cocaine.
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
You forgot to add in cocaine.
100% Dr. Stone comments
Atleast orange peels are good for something.
I got this in my recommendations, and I didnt come from Dr stone.
My guy wants some fame but doesn’t say this was inspired by Dr.Stone SHAME
Nice.
Step 1: Aquire a coco leaf.  Step 2: Get on the FBI watchlist.  Step 3: Profit.
Cool! been running low on cola for my COUP DE BURST!
I’ll give this to a mentalist so he will marry me😋
YouTube brung us Dr stone people together
Dr Stone anyone?
SENKU WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
This video's comments got ruined by Dr. Stone fans
can you make the original one next
FBI open up
Bruh would be cheaper just to buy a 12 pack lol.
I don't have any original Dr. Stone comments, no
This must me one billion percent good
Kid: mom can i have coke  Mom: we already have coke at home  Coke at home:
Hosuh is that you?
Wtf it contains Alcohol 😲 thats Haram
Dr stone intensify
Dr stone
What does this have to do with Dr. Stone?
nobody:  literally nobody:  Senku's Cola recipe
U forgot the cocaine
Youre missing kola nut extract.  Cocacola stated that they DO put that in it.
I want my *P E P S I*
Dr. Stone detected
*Dr.STONE!!!*
But like, this isn't associated with Dr Stone... That's scary
This is exhilarating! You content creator you’re 10 billion percent awesome.
Making cola homemade Me : wait thats illegal
Lot of work...
This is your daily dose of Recommendation   Another DIY Coca Cola from a year ago
instead of jojo references its dr. stone or something references
Who here has tried this?
You're missing a bitter and rich flavor from a tea. Coke is made with Cola Leaf extract: not sure how to mimic that though
Wow thank you senku for making me a cola
Instructions unclear, made coke milk.
99% of the comments are Otakus
Nobody talking bout Franky from One Piece super not cool😪
This cola is ssssssuuuuuuppppeeeeerrrrr
That moment you don't know what Dr.Stone is
Damn, idk if I can remember this for 3,689 years and 158 days
AKA How to die
I just wanted to watch a video about making cola and normal comments...Seems I came to the wrong place.
Is that a dr stone reference??!
All that shit just to make one simple glass of coke
Dr stone gang
Cool video but wtf is up with the extremely unsettling background music?
Perfect to make someone from the other side an ally. This will be useful. *Cola Acquired*
2:24 - ах*енный фокус бл...
,,Home made cola"? More like Senku cola
You forgot the 12gs of cocaine
Bro, senku watched this video
_senku joined the chat_
Now to make cola sweets at home
I need this in American measurements
Who the hell is Dr. Stone?
Give this guy 1M subscribers
I just joined kingdom of SCIENCE :)
- Cola has essential oils - Unvaxx Karen: I’LL TakE yOuR enTire StOck
Dr. Stone brought me here
You missed the most important ingredient cocaine
Alchohol?!?!?!??!?! I cannot imagine what they did to my liver Edit: Nvm, they say something that can replace alchohol Phew!
Is this Hosuh?
Need to tattoo the ingredients and procedures on my skin incase all people get petrified
A lot of ingredients, a lot of work.. Here is 5 dollar ,go buy to the nearest store...easy
so dr stone's recipe was wrong?
Senku: *laughs in stone*
You're missing an important ingredient: Canola     You think I'm gonna say Cocaine, didn't you?
Ima 1billion percent like this video
You sure that’s cola cola?
probably 90% of the people watching this are never gonna make at-home cola
Wait a second where’s mecha senku???
3000 billion percent perfect
nEX EPISODE  HOW TO MAKE COKE
It's just syrup '
useful information for when earth is hit with a massive EMP that renders all electronic technology as nothing more than door stops and you want something refreshing to drink after fighting zombies all day and the still is being upgraded to produce liquid explosives
00:11 what is cola?
I don’t know whether to trust this or not.
The volume is too low man
So, cola is a healthy fruity and herbs drinks. That's what I learned from this video.
Literally just sugar
*Pepsi wants to know your location*
Wtf why is it in my recommendations
Most videos: *Jojo fans invasion* This video: *Dr. Stone fans invasion*
Wow Suddenly after watching Dr Stone, this suddenly popped up in my recommendations
Senku Cola everyone?
Dr.Stone brought me here
Instructions unclear : Made water
mecha senku's ingredients were way more cool
Go Market n buy cola instead of this headache when added soda bottle too  add from Market ,☹️ friend see my vdos too dear friends for cooking vdos watch at Jolly Azeem n drawing Vdo watch at colour cloud Pakistan 😘
who tf is this dr.stone???
I bet that senku is watch this video
I have an easy way..   buy a coke
This is exhilarating
I see you're a man of Kingdom of Science as well
This dude watched dr stone
You all say "mentalist" talking about Dr. Stone... I say "crack psychologist".     Because Coca Cola used to have crack in it.
Ohayooo SEkai Goodmorning woooorld
I'm calling the FBI
I came here to find out how to make cola.      Was not disappointed.
Senku Cola hahahaha
Been watching a lot of How To Basic. I get really suspicious of videos like these
*OI Mecha Senku here!*
Gonna watch this incase the human turn into stone
What's with essential oil and antivaxmom? I don't get. I'm in the country where antivaxmom doesn't exist.
Just finished watching some Doctor Stone on Funimation, and this is in my home feed...  Coincidence? Nope, something fishy is going on here Google... I dont like it...
*_Last Step: Add Cocaine_*
I love SCIENCE
Tried to give this on an enemy mentalist, he betrayed his group.
I see everyone here is a man of culture
I know you were watching dr.stone ep 15  I JUST KNOW IT
where is the cocaine
Senku be like:
You forgot cocaine.  Wait, what year is it again?
I didn't come after Dr. Stone, but I was thinking about it.
Ok but why
Asagiri Gen wants to know your location
You forgot the cocaine.
Go to Walmart and buy a cola.
Senku says follow this man guidance, he is 1 billion percent correct.
You forgot to put cocaine in the original recipe
haha anime fans took over the comment.
Me
Coca-Cola Foundation wants to know your location.
Did anyone else notice any haunting music throughout the video?
7X sounds like some drug
Dr.stone brought me here.
I'm sure that if all humanity turns into Stone and 3 thousand years later I free myself and a mentalist that was freed by the strongest man alive in that stone world come to see if I'm dead I could use the knowledge of this video to convince him to be my allie on building a science civilization.
Make your own cola for only 237 dollars or move your lazy ass and buy it for 2 dollars. You choose which is better
Wtf are you doing? Go watch How to basic's video
Anyone else have no fucking idea what Dr. Stone is?
Doesn’t it bother anyone else that there’s only 2 FREAKIN ICE CUBES!?
watched dr stone and nw its in my recomended list .......tks fr my privacy youtube
2018:.....    2019 senku makes cola: youtube reccommendations: t h e t i m e h a s c o m e
Dr stone?
I tried this and believe me      It tastes like shit
I am here cause that damn recomendation, ok thanks youtube, what next, make a cola company????
The fact that I got this recommended after I caught up to Dr.stone is scary.
Coca cola :wait, that's illegal
This is fake bc dr. Stone taught me different. Where is my lemos zest and chopped celantro...bitch-
FBI
Senku cola?
Senkuu cola
*OHAYOU SEKAI GOOD MORNING WORLD!!!!*
Watched this before Dr. Stone                 but I'm back
Some coca cola CEO is breathing heavily
Coca Cola: *Wait that's illegal*
So Cola is just lemonade but with extra steps?
I need this recipe to save 7 billion human in case they turn to stone
Alternative recipe :       Go to store and buy a cola bottle
Boomer supply
Look at these Dr. Stone amateurs. I got this in my recommended.
Senku watched this
After seeing this video I prefer to buy it
*The moment you realized some kid mixed all of this and then all of a sudden*   *Ay that's good*
I found this so interesting that I just had to do it myself. I have just completed the entire mix, and it seemed darker than yours, also it smelled more fruity than like coke, I had used grams to measure everything percicely, but perhaps I need to play around with the ingredients a bit. I havnt tried it yet, but after it cools down I will be trying it tommorow and coming back with a thisis and probably might make a video on it. I had done one different thing from you and that was using gum arabic as my emulsifier. It didnt look like it mixed as easily as yours did- but it would be illigal for me to use alchohol as my emulsifier as I am not 21 yet. Nevertheless, this was extremely intriguing, and I thank you for making this video as it has rekindled my interest in food science. I want to make interesting food combinations and do this kind of science as much as I can, and it's all thanks to you. Anyways, I will be back in the next few days with myanalysis, and will make sure that I had followed the recipe. correctly. Thank you so much!
thanks doctor stone
Or just buy a bottle
For all the guys here from the Dr Stone anime, remember to check out the manga as well.
Asagiri gen like this
Recommended... You too?
Cola is a different fruit you were tehing to replicate it
No coca leaves? Damn I feel baited
Now just imagine how much sugar is inside coke
senku aprueba esto
"wHo iS HeRe aFteR wATchiNg dR.sToNe"
Put some water in a glass, shit in it and add sugar.
Im never drinking cola again
Pepsi, coca cola: Am I a joke to you?
Are you from America cause I don't hear any acsent but American. So where you from
Well After this video COCACOLA stonks down
...but how do you make it fizz?
Who else is here because of Dr. Stone?
The key ingredients in Coca Cola are rumoured to be essential oils of Orange and Lemon, Cinnamon, Nutmeg and Vanilla. You could try adding *Vanilla* in too, next time.
Can we make the 1886 coca cola recipe?
My aunt made one of these,they taste like PEPSI
Yup... guess what?. I'm here because of dr.stone...😁👌
You use euros? You dont sound like youre from europe haha
There’s no coca in my cola!
Need this to lure the mentalist guy as out ally.
Senko did it better
Thank God, i needed this to go with my stone age ramen.
This is exhilarating...
Senku watched this video
You forgot the main ingredient  Cocaine...
it's not cola if you didnt use kola nut
I edited my comment so the replies won’t make sense
No cilantro? Sheeeeeeet
Right after i watched Doctor Stone this came up in my recommendation
Judging from the comments, I should probably add Dr Stone to my watch list of Anime lol
Thanks Senku, very cool
Need this recipe before some mentalist guy starts switching sides
Wait... how is it fizzy?
How to get diabetese
This was so cool!
Oreua senku da!!!!!
Dr stone is the reason why I'm here HAHAHHAHA
Im just here because of dr stone LOL
Hope this is not howtobasic😂😂😂
I see I'm not the only one who was brought here from Dr. Stone
i think this ended up in my recommended because of dr.stone. Still a useful video though
Yeah i've learn from dr. Stone
Back in my day it had cocaine Smh kids these days
Nobody ask "Who's here after reading Dr. Stone chapter 40" for some reason
got de cola yEy
Just watched dr stone
This is exhilarating.
Why is this in my recommendations? I already watched doctor stone
Yeah I know how to make it in "Dr.Stone"
I am not here from Dr. Stone even thou I read the manga
Best ship = GenXCola
Dr. Stone anyone?
Honestly came here after Dr. Stone ep 15 xD
Kaffir leaves.  The filthy infidels use them lolz.
90% comments: Dr. Stone 10% comments: About cola
There is a 10 billion percent chance I came here to learn more about cola.
bro dr stone is getting us ready in case we get turned to stone and wake up with nothing
Everyone here from dr.stone,  This just appeared in my recommendations
what if i got petrified? do i need measurements?
SENKU!!!!!
Is this dr stone reference?
Fake
Looks like, grape juice
You forgot to add cocaine.
Might need this recipe when a mentailst whos about to bust my ass is asking for a cola
Cool
I will conquer the world with the scientific drink that is Cola!
this is 10 billion % interesting
I was expecting Dr. Stone Ep 15 comments and I'm not surprised 😂
How to make pocari sweat
*Happy Asagiri Gen noises*
Ha ha ,when the world turns to stone.I  will prepare a cola._SENKU
Dr stone up in this bitch
Nah How to basic was better lmao.
came here from Dr.Stone LOL
Dr. Stone ep 15 brought me here💀 anyone else?
Senku did better than u
dr stone any1
Me correcting everything cuz i watch dr stone
Who else here came after watching Dr stone?
Dr Stone brought me here.
Who’s here after Dr Stone ep 15?
Who's here after watching Dr. Stone episode 15?
Need to remember this incase all the humans turn to stone
DR. stone
How Ma Brother Get Those Ingredients Seem Expensive too
Jesus Christ.. I finally quit soda.. then accidentally found this video.. and now I want a coke
To get that caramel color just boil sugar and water. DUH. No need for an artificial caramel color that causes cancer. Then brew your ingredients in this solution overnight.
I wonder how many weeks until this is in Dr Stone and people come watch this to see if it's true.
couldnt you try and extract it with a whiping siphon and some nitros cartridge?
Never eat essential oils!
Dr. Stone anyone?
I'm here because of Senku the Genius Scientist.
When you try to make it but the only thing u don't have is water
SENKUU!!! ILL HELP U!! IN 3700 YEAR LATER!!!
Dr.stone anyone?
Doctor stone watched this
who came here after watching DR STONE
Hi Riichiro Inagaki (Dr. Stone's author), i see that you're here for the research :)))
Anyone here becouse of dr. Stone ? Xd
You all need to learn by Senku how to make cola by him cuz he super genius
Im waiting for dr stone ep 11
I don't understand this
*Ohayōsekai Good Morning World intensifies*
Dr stone btw
Watching this before the next episode of Dr Stone
yo we got any dr stone fans here im hype for the cola ep
I came here after watching Dr.Stone anime.
came here after watching Dr. Stone last episode.
Anyone else came here after watching doctor stone?
Dr.Stone comment incoming in 3....2.....1 (JK Just wonder how Senku going to make that Stone age Cola :P)
Senku Cola
dr stone brought me here
What store bought alcohol can i use like beer or vodka
Came here looking for an easy way to make some cola and quickly found out you need to be an aromatherapist and a chemist to make it lol
i know this sounds weird but i would have used powdered cinnamon and then i would have used alcohol for the flavoring.  its so much easier ,instead of using the coconut oil.  i would have taken all the flavorings and alcohol and in my blender ,blend it and the flavor would be there.  and if the flavor was not there i would have done it again ,a second time using more flavoring in the same alcohol.  im surprised lavender was not used. lavender and vanilla goes very well together!
If Coca Cola has a lot of citrus fruits so just call it Coca Cola orange shit edition
Where’s the cocaine?
Can somebody tell me this recipe in the customary system
ingredient 5: forget everything go to store and buy coke
No don't add sugar sugar is bad bad bad and give u diabetes
What about kola nut?
I found ather wizard
*Coca-cola wants to know your location*
i actually got an energy drink coca cola ad right now
500ml of lime juice or 1 lime? huh?  think he means 50ml.    Good video overall
Mine tastes like umm how do I say it it’s tast like ass
Simple  Step 1:- Buy Coke  Enjoy
Ypu forgot the kola nut
How to make Fanta?
I like Coke.
Once I bought soda water by accident and started drinking it and oh my it tasted bad lol
I poured a bottle next to me with an X accidentally... now I can’t get rid of this three stupid girls calling me “dad” 😞
Black?? Coke is brown lol
1like = FBI looking for him,
If you have to buy freak'n seltzer water might as well just buy Coke
Wow nice
its better to buy from the store in less money🤗
Or.....just buy 2 bucks cola.
OK you missed out the MOST important bit . . . . . HOW TO ADD THE FIZZ
Hi
all this for a 5 second drink :,)      I'd be to lazy to make another lmaoo
Or just buy it you wont need hardwork
You’re gonna buy those ingredients just for making coke?? I would rather buy Coke than making Coke..but that’s really cool..can you make other sodas?
I was born in a generation with alcohol eating people
Or you could just buy a cola
How did they pull off crystal pepsi
Primink, is it you?
Interesting
Thanks for ruining cola for me!
youre telling me 1 lime contains 500 ml of juice ? Xd
99.99% Sugar Glucose-Fructose
just buy coca cola
JUST BUY A DAMN COKE
Ho meda loca
Natural Coca-cola. That's good.
is it preservable?
EVEN 👎YOUTUBE 👎 DIDN'T SHOW US  ✌️😂
Fun bit of trivia. Coca Cola gets it's name and flavor from the combination of the 7X and Coca extract. (The 7x recipe of the time had the Kola Nut as part of the ingredients. That's not common anymore though. Still, the name remains)The actual original recipe had cocaine in it and was sold as a medicinal pick me up. Later, as cocaine was made illegal, they still used the coca leaf extract minus the cocaine alkaloid  in CocaCola. Even today, they are the only company that can still import coca leaf and coca leaf extract (under some serious oversight) so they can continue to make  their product. As the war on drugs, and cocaine in particular, really ratcheted up in the early to mid  80's,  Getting the coca leaves became difficult enough that The Coca Cola Company tried to pass off "New Coke" because it was cheaper to produce with less hassle. It was basically Pepsi with more sugar and in a red can. Customers hated it. The Coca Cola Company lost enough money that they decided to introduce Coke Classic which was the same soda they abandoned only a few years before, only in a re labeled can. Not long after, "New Coke" vanished altogether. Then Pepsi released Pepsi Clear. No Idea who thought that up or why.
Just buy it from the store bro
Your voice is like from mr.beast from youtube but younger
spend a 100 dollars or 2 or 3 dollars? Flavor Lab:ILL MAKE THE COLA community:ill just buy it
Hey man, I tried to do that but I ended up with fried orange peel. What can I do for this not to happend? Should I use a water bath? Or a lower heat? Plz help, I want to retry next week
40 EUROS!!!  0:35   Where the fuck are you from, Europe??? You ain't fooling nobody, you sound like you're from California!
all those flavours were used in making the drink but when I drink cola it just tastes like water mixed with sugar and a lot of fizz.
I have one question  Why? Just...why?
don't get me wrong guys but i like coke very much
it turns green then color it black...! dude just add caffeine and it will be in normal coke color - also its written on the coke - contains CAFFEINE!
Me- Makes the Cola Also me- *adds cocain*
this video got claimed by Coca-Cola,Pepsi and others
Which essential oils do you need?
Thanks algorithm! I enjoyed this one.
That's a lot works i would go for bottle of coke can't wait that much time by the nice recipe
Wtf is coca cola? Why didn't you say what it is?
What a great way to get insulin resistance
More like vegitarian coke
You forgot to add addictive drugs which cause people to drink this shit repeatedly
No less sugar than I expected.
3.57 and next we'll need 500millilitres of lime juice, about one lime?? Did u get these limes from Chernobyl or fukushima??
Or just go to the store and buy original cola...
You sound like VuxVux
I didn't know one could make cola at home and then YouTube recommends me this.
Coca cola gonna copyright you 😂😂
Thank god he is not How to basic idiot shit
Instructions unclear, grandma is in the hospital
"COLA"
*WILL IT TASTE LIKE PEPSI*
*FBI would like to know your location*
I just tried making this recipe and something didn't come out quite right with the emulsion. I followed the measurements exactly and the emulsion never really worked. I even made sure to use 151 proof grain alcohol. Is there something I'm missing, or is the 3 tablespoons to 10ml alcohol a typo in the recipe?
The way you weigh things so inaccurately gives me all kinds of anxiety.
How to make the 'iconic' Coca Cola   Ingredients . 1kg of sugar . 100ml of black food colouring . 2 litres of carbonated water . 100g of preservatives   Method . Melt sugar .Add carbonated water .Pour black food colour .Add preservatives .Put into bottle   (Not actual recipe. Just showing how bad Coca Cola is.) :)
Better than this will be purchase a bottle of cola,save time and money
Wouldn't using coconut oil impart a coconut flavor to the syrup? I'd like to try this recipe but I' not a fan of coconut. Could I use Olive or Avocado oil as the carrier oil?
Can you ZOOM  it just a little bit more please
I look at the Pepsi ingredients and there are citric acid
Has anyone *ACTUALLY* tried making this? I'm just extremely curious.
How did you separate the coconut oil from the oil you need for the syrup? It looks like u use some Kind of filter?
creator: I have to get a video done what should i do ..... oh I have an idea lets make coke   creator: well how shoul i do this that it looks ok? I know Im yust going to get some big fancy words of of the internet and before you can say colerado im finnished
...or you could just buy it from a store.
Followed the instructions and made my very own Bath Salts. Thanks ghetto professor!
The reason it was green was because you didn't add vanilla
does this really work??
You sound like gubz
i tried this and ended up making a "Amortentia" potion.... u know what i mean!
I think the vanilla and cafeine would give the cola the "cola colour" it needs.
It's 1$  So why
after watching what is in cola i almost vomited
Essential oils? Should I lather it all over my kid’s bodies as a substitute for eating?
चुतिया उल्लू बनआ रा है |
video: "essencial oils" anti-vaxxers: essencial cola
Did you add coca leafs? Without COCA leafs there is no COCA cola.
Instructions Unclear, Accidentally made an Anti-Vaxxer carrying a nuclear warhead
For 90% of the process, it looks like you're making a soup
Fffdscvvvrfsvds&gfsdgfd wat
I'll just buy a bottle....
Instructions unclear: I ended Up Blowing mysel-
I love you   Edit: OMG he loves me too
I tried to make pepsi and ended up with fanta
You sound American to me but talk about spending euros, not dollars. Where are you from?
Try adding little fermented ginger root extract. Fentiman's use it in their "Botanical Cola" and I personally think it's much nicer than any other cola.
Actually the color isnt from dye, its from the caffeine used
I just went to the grocery store is much faster
wheres justin y?
Tried to make coke... got pepsi instead... Nice!
i disliked this because hes gay go
Now try make some COKK
Now try make some COKK
Of course I got a Pepsi ad
ok but why is this recommended to me
Now dont lie      You just watching this but dont make it right?...
Kolaya buz mu koyulur tadı kaçar allahım
I thought this was how to basic.
Jeeze, 600 grams of sugar?!   No wonder this stuff makes your teeth explode 😂
eating chocolate, drinking coke while watching this.... I really need some salty bacon to counteract the sugar intake
Looks like lean
I think I screwed up the mixture. I ended up making a *insert strange item here*
"pest toll" made me cringe.. that ain't how ye pronounc it :')
Well I made it, but it tastes more like apple pie for some reason... still pretty good though.
or........go to the store and buy it for 1.50 instead of using your money to buy the ingredients...
Miss the most importent one Coca leaf
Guys use a different oil other than coconut oil its really bad when you heat it and its bad in general bc you're body breaks it down into an ldl (bad cholesterol) use like safflower oil or something
Coca cola: *this is our secret recipe* This man: *hold ma beer*
how do i get the essential oils here in Brazil?There aren't many anti-vaxx moms here
Organic cola
Walmart
Coca Cola [CONTAINS NO FRUIT]
I accidentally mixed the 600g of cocaine instead of the sugar.... I think I'm in heaven
If you use half the amount of sugar, do you use 50g to caramelise or still 100g?
Haha this is the 1886 (ish) recipe not the modern one. Nice video anyway and I’m probably gonna try it 👌🏻👌🏻
love the approach using whole ingredients, rather than oils!
Thanks for the recipe but I think I'll just go and buy one
2:13 that's cola for ya
It’s always been funny to me how cola has more orange in it than actual orange sodas, which have no orange at all. And then Mountain Dew’s flavor is primarily orange juice!
Ignore this fool, here are the ingredients: Carbonated water Sugar Cocaine Enjoy!
You should make your own cola brand maybe it would become famous
coca-colacompany.com want to know your location
quick question what is cola?
Flavour*
You sound like hosuh
Aunt Karen injecting rubbing Cole on her kids after she realizes that it has essential oils.
It doesn't have  a black-brown color cuz of the caffeine-free of urs
or you could just buy it
Why do these flavours make sense now that I know what they are
Your missing the carbonation
Why is the background music so creepy.
Could you make a video with the original recipe. You know the one where they put the coke in coka cola
i made tomato soda
you fucking forgot cocaine
Diabeetus would love some
all that work for just one cola
I tried this and now I’m dead, works perfectly!
Everyone who makes cola sodas commit the exact same mistake of using too much sugar. It's only 7 table spoons for every 350 ml, not 2 kilos of sugar.
I wanna slap your cola, baby.
Is it pretentious and vegan
*It is 1 AM and I have a presentation tomorrow and I'm not ever gonna find use for this recipe in 20 years why am I here*
It needs dry ice
Coke doesn’t taste like citrus, it tastes like caramel.
throughout this whole video i thought it was a joke because of the shit you used at the start
Flavor Lab: *Mentions Essential Oils* Anti-Vax Parents:
He mixed sugar, spice and everything nice to create the perfect little girls, but an accident added an unknown chemical to the potion: Chemical X
Well all you have to do is melt some sugar, make it into a drink and now you have cola.
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
10ml alcohol? Its not beer dude
How i can make pepsi?
JUST BUY A COKE 4HEadW
Question can you do the canada dry ginger ale recipe?
*coca cola is just black juice with carbon dioxide inside* *_change my mind_*
sounds like hosuh from danplan
You forgot the lavender oil, seriously cola has lavender extract or oil in it, but because lavender is so potent you need a minute amount of it.
The biggest question is:  is this pepsi or coca cola?
Spends 70 % of the video preparing the "7x mix" but never shows when to add it!
The only Coke I drink is the original, no artificial sweeteners. I’d always thought I could detect cinnamon and lime! Anyway it beats the heck out of Pepsi and all other Coke variations
for me the emulsifier (jack daniels) did not work :/ maybe i need higher alcohol by volume
Pepsi Man is triggered
When I drink Coca-Cola  along with carbonation and sweetness I taste nigela seeds and then lichi after taste
well is time to left the 600 g sugar....from store or not... just kiding i will try making my own mashine ? thanks for instructions ?)
Wait a minute, this is not HOWTOBASIC video!
Hear that? Essential oils. Cola, like all soda, is not healthy. Anit-Vaxx moms use essential oils as an alternative to vaccines. Essential oils are unhealthy then. Make cola with vaccines instead.
I used water from the Ganges ricer and it tasted amazing!
Pepsi man is disappointed in me for watching this video
I made the recipe drank it and I got a text from an unknown number saying 7 days I was like ha coke comes to today and I get a text saying he is coming watch for the man in red ehat should I do is coke cacola man after me HELP
Instructions unclear, I accidentally cooked a salad
*_COLA CAUSES AUTISM I ONLY USE ESSENTIAL OILS_*
so no kola nut ?
Is there an alternative for coconut oil? I’m sorry but I’m my opinion coconuts are fucking revolting
Pepsi : am I a joke to you?
"i'm not a fan of overly sweet cola" buddy, every nondiet soda has 20+ grams of sugar, you're full of shit
What? When do I add the carcinogens?
ever heard of kompot? its much better
I always wondered how Cola is made thanks.
Remember in the episode of the Simpsons when Marge made home made pepsi?
Now how to make Pepsi
I have a shortcut but coke a cola from shop
there's actual untraceble coke in cola
I just made it, my kid vomited all
OK... I'll just go buy a coke at the supermarket
The real recipe is a big secret   THATS SO ANNOYING
*COCA-COLA WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
Soooo basically cordial
How to make coke :d
I'd rather just have the coca(ine) part of it.
I believe it's because one needs phosphoric acid?
I will just buy cola that ACTUALLY HAS COCANE in it and not using this stupid recipe. XD
I though pepsi never share its fornula 🤔
shit niga all that time you could of bought a bottle of coke and smoked a joint
Instructions unclear: *_Accidently inhaled a bag of cocaine_*
Instructions are so unclear it’s funny
Or just buy a giant bottle of soda for $2 and don't waste money on all these ingredients.
wHaT iS cOLA
instead of black food dye try some molasses.
Or you could just buy a bottle of cola from the store🤷
Nah ill stick with with gingerale
ingredient 1: 1-2 dollars ingredient 2: a store ingredient 3: buy the cola from the store with the dollars
are u saying we too lazy to buy cola or what
legit thought this was a joke,
This feels much more harder than completing any quests in games
He sounds like he had worked for SOOUBWAY.
or just snort cocaine
Instructions unclear. Got my dick stuck in a blender
No carbonation?
I thought cola had kola nuts as an ingredient, hence the name?
Where's the kola nut you liar?
_edd is quaking_
youtube recommended is one of scientific beyond understandable!  I keep getting weird and sometime awesome videos.
What is the advantage of doing this as opposed to buying Coke or Pepsi?
Why didn't you put Phosphoric Acid in there?  Thats an important thing.
wait thats illegal
I tried this and it was amazing! I added about 2.25 spoons of syrup to the fizzy water though because I wanted a bit more of that Coca Cola flavour. I don’t think you can get closer to the original Coca Cola than this!
I heard somewhere that cola also has lavender in it.
This ingriedents for one glass?
Wtf why the creepy af music
Caffeine free? Caffeine is an important flavor... Plus, the original colas ask for phosphoric acid, but citric acid. Granted it's less healthy, but it should be mentioned nonetheless. You're welcome. Plus: Why not just use taste neutral coconut oil? And I don't think caramelizing the sugar helps with the flavor. Usually they use a tasteless coloring made out of sugar.
Thank God he's using grams 🙏🏼 Finally a precise and accurate recipe
How to make Cola:   Sugar, lots of freaking sugar.
Tastes like liquid crap
Yeah worked right
Coca Cola: delete this
Easy use brown water , sugar , and bubbles
If I ever make cola I'll definitely add in coca leaves
And when do we put meth ?
Homemade machine for soda factory
How bout we just *buy* **echo
i fucking knew it. i know it had nutmeg and cinnamon  and everyone told me i was crazy. (also it's quite notable if you leave your cola to lose the fiz and at a room temperature)
Instructions unclear, ground my dick in the blender.
He shoot Coca Cola™
Could you perhaps give a brief explanation as to the alternative method of using gum arabic? I'm still slightly confused as to how to use it
49K likes while 32k subscribers ?.?
Alternative : 5 min walk to nearest grocery store and buy some coke
seems cola used to be the cola nut.
I wonder how many people came here because of Dr. Stone
Just buy it lol
2:24 Just use "Corexit" by Nalco, it's supa safee
Besides being an experiment, it's better buying actual cola.
Buy it from the store you greedy fuck
You skipped the carbon machine injection, the #1 reason people drink ANY soda 🥤 🔵⚪⚫
Im good with 🅱epis
now, any one can tell me how to buy cola? coz, i dont think i can make one through this recipe
when you are too high and dont know what to watch
*A lot of sugar can KILL YOU*
Sugar is dangerious
Plot twist: He actually poured the real cola instead of that he made
Is this a joke?
Fake, everyone knows cola contains  Clorox!
*HowToBasic has joined the chat*
Just go and buy one
No clickbait, quality camera, good editing and entertaining That's all I need
i love your voice btw
i literally got coca cola ad before
0:36 Don't spend money on essential oils. Just move next door to an anti vax mom and wait for the garage sale.
OR you can just go to the store and buy some..
Instructions unclear, accidently killed Pepsi Man
This video is great, but I feel like it would have a lot more views if it was called "How To Make Coke" instead.
imagine if he said "How to make coke"
I always wonder why I got allergic reaction to Coca-Cola, and now I know....
*walks to a local store* Yeah, nah mate imma just walk to this store and buy a coke instead of going through all this process
Me when I make this: Me: finally! I'm done! Now I'm going to drink it :) *Accidentally hit my toe on a table* *Cola fell from my hand and made a mess* Me:... *Buys cola on a store* Me: 👌👌👌
Ill just buy it. But ill still watch
Don’t steal Karen’s essential oils
*edd wants to know your location*
> You can use all essential oils Will this cure me of ligma?
*Cola company* wants to  know your location
just buy a fking coca cola from the store
can you make a vape juice?
Or you can just go to the dollar store and buy a coke
I don't give a fuck. Fuck this YouTube recommendation.
Good job sista
Pepsi wants to: know your location
you forgot the rat poison
Caffeine????
I thought this was a howto basic ripoff!
How FBI is not at your house dude
help i accidentally made pepsi
If u want diet coke...skip the sugar😃😃😃
I'll just go buy a soda...
You forgot cocaine.
yoi dcuk
When your mom doesn't want to buy you cola
Tried this,tasted alright though the artificial one still tastes better.
Now you can make cancer at home ! 😉
Where's the cocaine?
I made cola in a pepsi glass.. ...      *i don't give a damn*
Keep guesing kid...lol youl never find my lucky charms ...you think money grows on trres ????Its WATER the secret ingredient is WATER....and m......but dont tell anyone....no one reads these anyway...……….what if somebody does...……...idfk………..as long as its not nobody...……..tha t makes no sense...…………..STFU...…….that's  better...………..do you really think anyone has read this far?...…...I have
No cola nuts?
The way you talk is fucking horrendous.
BLACK cola?? It should be brown i think
its a good thing you didn't call the video "How to make Coke"
You mean soda
Coca Cola is cheaper.
Why did the music go from tutorial soundtrack to some fucking X files mixed with terror film OST
Sugar, sugar... yeah, reduce it.
FBI OPEN UP !
Who tf calls it Cola? Its coke
Where are the kola nuts?
Idk how can people drink cola, especially when its on a daily basis. Lol they're litterally willingly poisoning themselves
This isn't how you make coca cola. I don't know how to make coca cola at home, but something I do know is that the main ingredient of coca cola is the kola nut. No where in your recipe do you use the kola nut. Please prove me wrong if you can, I am very open for discussion.
can i use still water for this? i dont like sparkly and i never tasted coke
Hello guys ,my name is Jeff and I am here to show you a tutorial of how to cook heroine
Omfgg these comments have me fucking dead fr
3:20 if i shouldnt see the dots , how i find out if its or not :D
Bro I'd just but it for 2$
Subscribed 2 min in, excellent narration
_where's the cocaine leaves._
When you're too broke to buy a bottle of cola
They reduced the price of Cola after this
But Coca Cola has phosphoric acid
Nuka cola recipe
Lime juice, sugar, orange and funny water from Chernobyl.
So coke is healthy because its natural
I doubt that tastes anything like coke
*Coca-Cola Hitmen would like to know your location*
Is pepsi okay?
Get a bottle of water, add 20 spoons of sugar. Cola is ready
Great recipe, I‘ll definitely try that! I‘m also curious on how to make a red bull kind of beverage. Maybe you‘ll recreate it in the future?
So how much millilitres is all the syrup?
0:31 *_ANTI-VAX MOMS WOULD LIKE TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION_*
I prefer pepsi
Wtf
Instructions wasn’t clear enough, no exact ingredients and you kept making your own twist by adding these other ingredients we don’t have like moonshine, and ingredients weren’t specific enough like the syrup
You: Makes essential oil Antivaxx Moms: *SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY*
The Coca-Cola Company wants to know your location.
I have not found a single comment from a year ago.
I think ill just go buy a coke at the store..
needs ginger root
I prefer to buy cola syrup for my soda stream. Taste just like the postmix they use as fast food places, which i personally love lol
Coca Cola Wants To know you're location.
I swear I thought this was satire until I was three quarters into the video...
How you learned all of this?
10ml of alcohol wtf
Anyone got this recommended after Article 13 passed?
How to make poison at home?
Or you can buy a bottle of coke for a dollar
Instructions were unclear, I ended up in Moscow
Well if you're in a bind for money and time... I mean... You could always just buy some cola
But...  How to make pepsi?
so no kola beans in cola?
What about cocaine
Buy coca cola while buying ingredients in this video
That feeling when you have everything you need to make cola
I tried making this, but it looked like diarrhea wtf
Thats a Colatastic recipe
I followed the exact steps and accidentaly made moonshine
Many things I have read list the kola nut....why is it left out?
Soooo... this is not a joke?
What, no boiled corn extract?  You can literally drink the water in which you bathe/boil some full corn kernels .It will taste like cola, minus the sugar or fizzyness. Add carbonated water (haven't tried) and you get a beverage.I prefer it without. Dont forget to filter the corn hairs and other plant impurities if you're squemish.
Any kind of alcohol or there must be a certain alcohol percentage in it ?
I don't even like cola, why am I watching this?
My Way:   take 1L of water   put 100 cups of sugar in it   but black food colouring    and fart in it to make it carbonated   vamooshka!
You didn't pump some CO2 how does it became carbonated?
Ahhhhhh you forgot the cocaine
you know essential oils is a cult
Surger, Spice and Thickness and Chemical Sex!
Accidently made crack cocaine... Instructions unclear.
As a guy who made this flavoring, you forgot the most crucial ingredients. Coffee, cola nut extract, vanilla.
Dad: *Why is the FBI here*
Cool video bro
nice vid  I enjoyed it
Wow, this is awesome. The last time I tasted coke was about ten years ago since I'm sensitive to caffeine. I'm curious to try this recipe. I have a question though- since I'm an aromatherapist, I have all these ingredients as essential oils. Do you know what would be the e.o. ratio? Thanks! :)
BRUH MOMENT
Coca cola wants to know ur location
IGN 6.5/10 not enough egg
oh this kind of coke... i hoped for "coke" not coke coke
Hi Logan ;)
0:37  *Anti-vaxx mom joined the chat*
I'm just going to buy soda at the store.
No coke?
Why citric acid and not phosphoric acid? Great video 🌞👍🏻
Very nice presentation.
how to carbonate
I don't want a homemade cola. I want a cola-made home
Nah just buy pepsi.
Coca Cola sues flavor lab
next do Dr. Pepper and its 23 ingredients
I thought cola is made of a plant called cola !
I dont trust you
I spilled a wierd guy's flour in the street and he told me to get him cola or i'll regret it. I don't understand what he meant by that?
yeah because sometimes i don't feel like taking 10 minutes out of my day to go and buy Coca Cola from the store
Hmmmmm............. very deep female voice or male?
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
Ingridient 1:legs 2:super market 3:buy the cola
When you said essential oils I thought of r/antivaxx I was like brih
Needs coca leaves to get a true coke flavor.
Why in hell would anyone ever bother to make their own?
THIS WAS INTERESTING
FBI, OPEN UP!
to much for my brain
no cola nuts?
I will just spend the $2.50 and save a lot of time
I don’t know why this is being recommended, but thanks. I’m sure it will come in handy lol
Can you try it with licorice next time?
How long do you steep the flavorings in the oil?
*Goes to store to buy ingredients  "Ooooo coke! I'll just get that."
i lost 20 bucks to just make 500ml cola.. i feel so smart.
Flavor lab: so we need essential oils Anti vaxx moms: U NEED SUM, WE GOT SUM
ALRIGHT YOUTUBE I FUCKING WATCHED IT
New subber here watching this very interesting video.
You are missing the one thing, that makes cola, cola..... the kola(Cola) Nut..........
Healthy cola.....hm so imma put some majuana however you spell it
It's actually easier if you just put all the spice and rind ingredients into the simple syrup and simmer gently for 5-10 minutes to extract the flavor into the syrup itself, and then add the juices to the syrup and just use the syrup to flavor soda water, rather than this crazy lab experiment you've got going on here to make sodie pop. :)
Or you could just buy some
You forgot the COLA
This video makes me claustrophobic,. Just... zoom out a bit.
absolutely no one :  youtube:
Subscribe to me for 🔥🔥🔥 playlist
Can you post the secret recipe in the description?
I made cola too, I went to the store and spent $4, came ended up with four 2 liter bottles of Coca Cola after a few minutes.
I'm glad YouTube recommend this to me
So there's no cocaine in it? LIAR
you sound like mat pat but just a cook theorist and not a entertainment theorist
I just got done making this (minus the neroli/kaffir) and it tastes more like 7-up than cola. I don't think the spices were absorbed very well into the oil for me. But it still tastes good fortunately.
420% cocaine
Neato
I'll just buy mine at dollar tree for a $1.00 and drink nice and cold.
Like just by a coke
or, you could go to the shop around the corner and buy a coke
Oh gosh, I realised that I'm Walter White
There's an actual Kola nut soda that is pretty great.
Scroll down if you want to keep seeing a bunch of "cocaine" jokes
How long does the syrup stay fresh?
You need to add the cleaning products like coke does
Or just buy cola for third the price
what happened to the phosphoric acid?  Phosphoric acid has a cola scent.
Fuck knows how I ended up here but this was a good video regardless 😂
Coca-Cola: delete this
Yah can’t
Witch one was better
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
top tip: in the food industry, food addititives are an E with a number after it   Look behind coke bottles for "colouring" and it will be E___
Belive it or not but my brother is 12 and he has NEVER tried cola he only tryed fanta and he didnt like the fizz so he never drank soda ever
Now boil it.
Coke isn’t black, it’s caramel or a really dark brown.
You forgot the rats.
Spoiler alert: It's overcomplicated and the taste sucks.
It created mustard gas and now I'm in hospital.
I have worked in the factory where they store concentrated cola for shipping to bottling factories. Literally one tiny drop of the stuff makes thousands of cans. One day one of the containers spilled on the floor and it burned its way through. I would never drink the real stuff again. This looks great. My fave cola is Fentimans.
Where's the cocaine?
That was really interesting and I learned something. Not a Coke fan, but if it was sold to me as a citrus and spice infused drink, I would certainly order one. Natural Coke sounds a lot more appealing. For anyone making this recipe, if you add boiling water to the burnt sugar mix, it won't seize. :-)
@FlavorLab, How long does the syrup last?
Fascinating now I want to try it 😊
FBI OPEN UP!
SUBSCRIBED ... One video and I'm sold
FBI OPEN UP!!!!!!!!
Instructions unclear. Ended up with foot stuck inside a watermelon. Smh.
You are an idiot. Go buy a coke.
Instructions unclear, accidentally made heroin
If there is 500g of juice in one lime, that means that the lime is at least 500g, two limes=1000 no no no no.
Too much work. I prefer to to the store and buy it.
Dude, you forgot the cocaine...
Daily dose of internet?
I feel like it costs more to make it then just buy a bottle of cola
Im pretty sure coca cola has ginger in it too bro
Now i know how to make cola. Next cocaine
now make the cranberry one
Quicker and easier. Buy Sam's cola or off brand sodas and real maple syrup. 2 tbspoons of real maple syrup in the soda. Makes it taste like real coca cola.
I’ll just buy it from the store, tyvm
Nobody: YouTube: this guy needs some random ass videos in his recommended
Or I can just go to the shop
Can I get an order??? I want to taste it.
Why in the wolrd would u do that shit:)))  when its so cheap to buy ;) im so glad i dont drink shit like that
Or just go to the store and get one for 70p
First I thought you were making a curry 😁
You forgot the cafein
Hey! How dare you forget phenyl?
where’s the cocaine?
2:47 Boi whatchu talkin bout Imma get drunk offa coke yeEEEEEEE
I only drink aqua-cola from the citadel.
Props to you for using the actual ingredients to make the flavouring combination rather than just buying a bunch of essential oils. You need to be a bit careful with the bottled essential oils - many of them are sold in very high concentrations, way higher than you could extract from the food ingredients you used, and so are not necessarily safe to ingest (especially since some can also cause nasty side-effects in people with certain medical conditions.) That's what winds me up slightly about the DIY-health-and-beauty approach to aromatherapy that some health food shops and publications tout these days; it paints all these essential oils as nothing more than health-boosting perfumes. The truth is, some of them can be downright dangerous if you don't know the right dosage, the medical history of the person using them and the potential side-effects they can cause.
It looks like you spent at least a hundred dollars to make a couple of glasses of sort of coke but even in your own words not the same
Me: Wow homemade cola from simple ingredients, I have to see *he adds black food color Me: close the video with screaming
I am a pepsi fan  So.....
Zoom out man
No coke needed ?
Next time try to use phosphoric acid instead of citric acid. It is a milder acid and it is a basic part of coke. It seams to have an influence on the flavor. Good luck anf great recipe.
This Cola looks preety good but not healthy becouse its have sugar and food color.
There is so much process to make one cola , i rather buy .
I added 4 grams of coke to the recipe and it tasted exactly the same, I can’t get enough of it!
@Flavour Lab can i ask did it still taste nice?? cause if it didn't taste that similar to coke but tastes nice thats still a winner haha
Make pepsi next time or you can call it the best cola ever
Why is this in my reccomend when Im drinking a can of Cola
Why no actual Kola Nut extract?  Coca Leaf extract (de-cocained), as well as a hint of raisin juice (no more than about 7 black raisins' worth of extracted "juice") would also both do well for this recipe to make it more authentically "Coke".
THANKS, BUT NOT WORTH THE EFFORT!
Franky is looking for you
Wow I never knew that cola was a citrus like soda. I thought it was something else
Anyone who actually doesn't drink soda but watches this video? No? Just me?
sniff
So... No Kola nut?
Instructions unclear. I ended up with cocaine and now im in jail.
Interesting, but not sure about that black food coloring 😐
Give this poor kid a can of soda! 😭  He's so deprived, he is crushing twigs together to get a taste😟
how would i get high with this .. i thought this was about coke?
Cocoa leaves are missing and cocaine if you are going for original recipe
interesting. I’d rather buy it though.
Not gonna make this but enjoyed the vid nonetheless
Me: "this looks interesting..." * click * *FBI OPEN UP*
So who actually made it ?
If u make u be the second reach people in the world
*COLA WANT TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
ok so no cola nut in your cola???
F.B.I ! Open up!
How would you go about caffeinating the cola? Can you extract it from coffee? Is there pure caffeine out there in the markets?
Those two already-melted ice cubes make that drink look terrible because you know it's already completely watered down.
thx bro nice video, you just miss the caramel 4, but nice video, Soda is lemon plus gas water
Worth it
try adding cocaine for authetic 1800s taste
YouTube is a year late
Wow, I’ll just but it.....lol
Why you didn't use vanilla
Who else thought this was a how to basic video?
Is that Jaden Smith?
But for a dollar I can by some already made? Plus sometimes I win a prize with the lid....sooooooo
Preparation time 4hrs 😁, grab a cola from a nearby supermarket 15mins 😂
You need Coca leaves
what the hell
No coca leaf no kola nut?   Lickbait vid Fake and gay
That background music is so ominous, it makes me feel like we’re watching a video for a witches potion or something.
Why is mine glowing? Did I do something wrong?
This what my pussy tastes like
Old times you would need some cocaine
How much essential oil would you use if you had it?
Any of y’all notice how when he said “and here’s the final product” the coke just randomly got carbonated (the gas/bubbles) either he just showed some coke he bought and passed it off as his own or forgot to add in the segment of the video where he shows us how to carbonate a drink
I went to Walmart and found some already mixed up and in a can.
Cook up some homemade Dr Pepper
you should have let strangers sample it and give their opinions.
Can’t wait to ask my mom to help me make coke
I thought this was how to basic and I clicked the video and was so happy it wasn’t the egg killer
Great, now I want to buy a Coke.
I could also....you know..... just buy some for a few dollars
*Yo i think i made meth*
The coca cola company wanna kill you and you know it!
Don't forget the c0caine
I've been wondering what to do with all this neroli..
Wait, I thought it was Cola leaves (minus the cocaine) and Koka nuts?
How to make diabetes
Instructions not clear enough, accidentally created Saddam’s mustard gas recipe
Pepsi has joined the chat...
Make cocain next time. thank you👍
Why is the FBI here?
How come you had bubbles at the end when you didn't carbonate the drink?
I better buy this on the store
Who else is just watching this for entertainment
Why not just buy cola
You do that as i go get a whole 20 pack of coke~cola at the local Jamerson’s 👌
Anyone wanna buy my essential oils
Thank you YouTube
Yeah ima stick to Food Lion's Cola and Mountain Lion. I am all the way good
What do I do after I add the bleach infused dish washing liquid.
I've always wanted to do this and once bought the ingredients
So, how do you get Dr. Pepper?
There YT..... happy now?!
Come on dawg.. just go to the store and buy a coke
Will neroli essential oil work ?
3:00 or you could use dish soap.      Also why is everyone just seeing this now, and not 1 year ago? All the comments are recent.
Really pissed me off how not exact you are
Spoiler alert: still full of sugar. Still bad for you.
Or you could go to a vending machine...
I thought this was howtobasic for a moment...
Just buy cola from the store.
No caramel?
Wait a minute. 600g of sugar?!!
Radicola
Who wants to taste it and compere
Thank you Youtube, very cool!
So Cola has alcohol!?!?
pepsi has entered the chat
Watched this video. Created a model girlfriend from a computer program.......🧠
You're missing the cocaine
Why are the police here?
I wish that I could make homemade cola like that. :-)
Am I gonna make my own coke? No. Am I gonna watch the whole video. Yes.
Why is this appearing in everyone's recommended one year later...?
or just buy coke
Nice voice Peter pan. 🙄
All you're missing are coca leaves. Lol
Neroli is the most important ingredient. While you use many milliliters of orange and lemon oils for a batch, you only use a quarter of a milliliter of neroli, and it still costs more than all other ingredients combined. It is the difference between branded and cheap store-brand colas, I think.
Anyone else got this in their recommendations?          Thanks youtube, I would rather buy it
Now “homemade coca” please
You kinda sound like linus
*COCA COLA COMPANY WANT'S TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
You forgot to add cocaine
interesting
Rola Cola
Those brown leaves look like blunt paper
I'll surely try that out when I get some time for it. Thanks for sharing these instructions!
*Santa breaks in*
So the caffeine in cola is a myth? Hmm
Too hard....
I have every ingredients except for 1. Now i cant start making cola because of it.
Me at 0:15 : that looks pretty much like garbage Well he's making cola what did I expect...
Coca Cola wants to know your location
Cost of ingredients: approximately £247. Time spent: just over 17 hours.  IN COMPARISON: a trip to the local shop: 12 minutes @ an estimated cost £1.   Why this stupid videos keep popping up here anyways?
Where my pepsi bois at?
Am I the only one who thinks he sounds like MasakoX???
How i do cola in 1 step: Buy it.
Where the cocaine at?
EUROS! 🇬🇧not on my watch
No blood from underpaid african Children? That is Not a Cola
*Coca-Cola wants to know your location*
Don't tell me what to do
How can you call this cola without Kola nut
oh so this is how cola is made. I always thought it was made with shit and piss
*Welcome Back to another video "Why is this in my recommended"?*
Just buy real cola :)
After the 100th ingredient I remembered I don't spend the time required to prepare things like this.
*Why is the FBI knocking at my door*
I’ve always wondered what flavor cola was
What's up with the creepy music its 2 am and im trying to watch the video without looking behind my back every 5 sec like wtf
Coke isn’t black. 🤢 Red & green make brown.
All of a sudden this is in my recommend, dude must be hyped his channel is about to blow up..
Why ? Its 1£
You should had produced sulfite ammonia caramel; it is much darker in colour, and it's the reason why cola has its distinctly deep reddish brown hue.
Green coke seems cooler tbh
I bet you first named the video "how to make coke" and then realized how confusing that would've been and how many late night views this video would've gotten for the wrong reasons.
there is a beverage from Calabria made of coffee and lemon juice that legit tastes like coke. thank you for making this. I'll try it out.
Fuck you and this video
Sugar free recipe maybe possibly please? :)
Are you fucking poor that you dont have 1e?
Why did I landed up here ?
*How To Make Lil Baby's Pure Cocaine*
Or hit the vending machine and get one for $1
* The Coke Brothers want to know your location *
3:25 looks like egg yoke lol
Hmm no cola beans
Can you do homemade meth next?
"Homemade"
what about the coca leaves
I absolutely hate most Colas but pepsi and coca cola are delish so i'll stick with them
This is so pure
I thought cola is made up of water and sugar
So a bottle of cola is about 2 dollars you know
Is this a joke, this seems like a joke.
So do Dr Pepper next. Cola/coke is gross.
Bruh just buy it at the store it’s cheaper
600 grams sugar 😱😱😱 sure shot recipe to invite diabetes !!!
Hey you Author Of The Video, look no offence but you messed up this nice production by not showing or saying when you add the flavour- it's kind a few seconds missing but its crucial to the whole. I was confused and disapiointed.
Заебешься делать.
All the people who had this recommended in 2019...is YouTube grouping us into tribes. I keep seeing the same commentors on these random videos from years ago...
Breathe really hard into watery syrup
I said: Wow! Everything is natural and organic.  Until he said: ... and just add 600 g of sugar.  Bye Felicia!
Or you could go to the store and buy it🙂
Yo wtf
Stay positive ignore rude people you’re amaizng
Isn't the recipe supposed to be secret?
Does rum work?
You know what I ever wonder guys? I’ve always wondered if someone has ever tried making a drink or any other food from the ingredients that are posted on the back...
so what is cola nut  ?
For some reason I thought this was a drawing video
But good job tho 👌👍
I got diabetes watching this
Hold up "I'm going to be using the *moonshine* I made in a previous episode" 😂 what even. I'm definetly going to watch that one next
If i remove the cinnamon,does it still work? Im allergic
Plzz post more often
I might actually make this
You can also buy cola in shop...
Are you howtobasic's brother?
With all these essential oils I can drink this and never get polio
I always thought the original cola’s that Coca Cola and Pepsi cola were flavoured with vegetable extracts which were from kola nuts. The fruit contains caffeine and is the origin of the name ‘cola’.
The ministry of cola gonna kick your ass starting with coca cola , then Pepsi then that lazy ass r c haaaa 😛 😻🍋my lemon will be in a corona or tecate beer 🍺😋.
Ye but is it coke
or just buy a coke
No one:  Youtube: *cOla*
I'm just gonna go to the store and buy a 2L bottle for $1.99 and save myself a shit ton of time thanks.
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in toaster.
I don’t drink cola...wtf youtube
Coke has cocoa leaves too
both coke and Pepsi have the ability to make it colorless or clear here in the North Eastern Part of the USA  we still have Crystal Pepsi
Does it really annoy anyone else that he cannot correctly pronounce pestle & mortar?
thanks so much for this. :)
You don't mix with soda?
Time to make my own Nuka Cola
I can't even begin to imagine how people thought to max all this together
okay but how do you store the syrup
Ive really enjoyed the latest comments on this. Ive been cracking up. The world has some hilarious commentators.  Ive enjoyed myself
Holy cow!!
COLA: - 99% sugar - 0.5% water - 0.5% bubbles
ليش هاذي جايه في الفيديوهات المقترحه عندي ! من لاعب عليهم انا ما اشرب مشروبات غازيه اصلا !!
The pro's have tried this for decades and guess what only two companies dominate
No-One:   Deleted Scene: adds cocaine
You forgot to add lavender. Seriously, smell coke and smell lavender. There got to be lavender in coke. Not in pepsi, though.
thank you:)
Forgetting the cocaine! (Coco leaves)
If this doesn't contain cocaine, this is not true Cola
It's easier and cheapear buy some in next market near your home
Instructions unclear, shoved a pepsi glass up my ass
How many damn oils do you need? xD
Technically speaking EtOH doesn't work as emulsifier but as cosolvent here. Emulsification can incorporate more oil into water-base solution and I guess that's partially the reason of different taste.
It's actually 20 lbs of sugar not 600 grams
maby try adding coca extract along with kola nut extract!
Is this version halal?
how to make pepsi plz
Thanks I’m going to try this 😀
No one: Youtube: here's a video from one year about how to make a extremely though recipe..
Was it fizzy though?
you didnt use coca leaves
You forgot the 2000 ml of cocaine
Druid
I bet u got swatted the next day
I'm a soda junky but I understand how unhealthy soda can be. After doing a ton of research and looking at recipes and diy soda I went with Monin syrup. You just add it to some good soda water and works just fine.
how to make sprite Get some fizzy asprin, add it to carbonated water shovel in some sugar voila.
I feel like this would make you do much money to learn before an apocalypse
Traditionally cola has kola nut extract.
How To Make -CoCain- ahm ahm i mean *COLA*
Huh, u think that recipie was good, well try my coke recipie it will surely beat yours Ingredients: One Coke Bottle Method: Pour Coke into a glass Recipie done!
Needs more Cocaine.
you need some coca lieves
"Reduce the sugar to make it closer to the one on the store" that's when you realise its all bs.
Oh i accidentally drove my alligator off the cliff
" just a citrusy drink with spices" hmm it will never be the same for me again thankyou for ruining my life
Next up: KFC
Why using alcohol?
Gee whiz Billy, how did you make the soda water?
Nice
No cola nut involved?
What is that whining sound in the background
Vegan Junk Food Has joined the chat
By adding alcohol and coconut oil you just made Malibu & Coke.
"Coca Cola wants to know your location"
Instructions unclear... got dick stuck in an orange
You’re telling me there’s no cola bean extract in coke? Whaaaaat
hold on let me make a cola oops don’t know the recipe well shit
WHERE IS COKE? >:(
Joke’s on you; the real recipe is corn syrup and mayonnaise.
I think you forgot the coca leaves and the cola nuts
2:42 "ehmaulsifyeeng agen"
"Coke wants to know your location"
I think you forgot vanilla
*why do all your videos sound like ur in a rush to get somewhere so you're trying to explain something to me as fast as possible*
Buy it better than raise it
Just go to walmart easy
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
I've been waiting too long for a video about making Cola
Can you add stevia?
Instead of getting the ingredients from the shop just get a coke..
Now When your parents say cola is unhealthy just say nahh it’s just a bunch of fruity stuff
Why does this video exist???
Cola and Pepsi: You take that back
Day 156 of: why is this in my recommendations?
"how to make cola with moonshine and essential oils😂"
Fbi open up!
My Father used to tell me stories of his childhood in 1930's Brooklyn.  One of the things he would mention were the soda vendors.  These vendors sold seltzer water.   If you only wanted a glass of seltzer, it would cost 2 pennies and you would tell the vendor you wanted '2 cents plain'.  For 5 cents, they would add a flavored syrup, like cola, lime, cherry, etc.
I realize that I waste my time watching this when he add soda water in it,,,. I'm expecting for a diy process for the carbonation
The essential oils will cure autism.
Just buy it from the store instead of buying all of that
Or I could just buy a goddamn coca-cola, and save my energy for smoking weed!
Before me watching this,  Shit cool, I'm gonna make home made coke!  After,  Mom, could you get me a bottle of coke on the way back?
I'm Gonna buy some cola at the shops
Im i tripping or is that grape soda
I have a good Idea! 😮  Just buy Cola! 🥴
Still unhealthy with all that sugar
ok. ill just buy a coke then.
Just go and buy some coke ...
Plain seltzer + Sodastream's cola syrup
Okay, so let me overstand this, you go to the store? Get ingredients to make soda. Spend more on ingredients, time, and gas. When you could have just bought a soda at said same store for less money, less time, and same amount of gas.
And how on earth does one fit all this up their nose?
You sound like hosuh from dan plan
Still waiting for you to throw eggs at it...
When somebody says it takes like coke but not quite... You know that its not the same... Probably taste like shit
add orange juice you fool
Now I understand the difference between a chef and a food scientist
Wow that's amazing! Can you create Mountain Dew from scratch next?! :)
Don't original colas contain coca? Fairly sure you forgot The coca.
Why the creepy music bruh 😂
Took me less time to get a coke from the store a mile away  than watch this clip making coke
I can ironically get it cheaper by buying it instead of buying those ingredients
*_Instructions unclear, dick stuck in caramel_*
No lavender? Cola has some lavender flavour.
OR...OR...OR... just go to the store and buy a 2 Litter of "store brand" {Publix/Walmart) for a $DOLLAR$ and SAVE TIME & MONEY!!!
Now whenever i drink cola i try to find the taste of Lemon, Oranges, and Cinammon
Is anyone drinking cola rn??
And I bet everyone got this into their recommendations
What does the finished product look like without the food coloring?
What about homemade coke?
coca leaves ???
Because coca cola has secret ingredient in it! Yeah STILL FUCKING COCAÏNE
Wait you forgot about the coca leaves
Side note : your voice is very interesting and pleasing to the ear
Why is this the background music
Haha, "Kaffiir"
Wait... this isn't how to basic?
I think the cola from the shop is cheaper..
Pardon me while I save this in my archives the next time I run out of the store bought ready-available coke. Could impress anyone at dinner parties too.
*COKE WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
this suddenly came to my recommendation after a year btw interesting video
Useless we can buy one
It cost more for the ingredients to actually just buy the coke from the store...
It cost more for the ingredients to actually just buy the coke from the store...
you can get bitter orange peel at most beer home brewing stores!
Youtube recommeneded this. And I agree !
So wait there is no Kola nut in cola anymore?
Why not just buy it
The caramel is supposed to be the coloring agent, you dont need food colouring.
Justin Y.
"Recommended Videos for you"
7X = Orange  Lemon  Neroli Vanilla Cinnamon  Nutmeg Coriander  +Cocaine
this may be the best 6 minute video I have ever seen on youtube. if not it's up there, excellent work.
Speed Cola
cola=all natural sugar haaaah
Did he beat the oil at 3:20 or did he beat his wife before 0:00? Hint: Knuckles.
Drink it.
what about the kola nut. you know, where a cola gets its name. coca cola was called that originally because it contained extracts of coca leaves and kola nuts.
5:33 Well that's because you forgot the cocaine
This is how John Caleb Bradford became famous. I don't suppose this guy wants to participate in some kind of military experiment to 'extend' his life(?)
Sorry, I find this so dull ... Coca-Cola = rubbish!
WHY do people still drink THIS  rubbish Coke . I love mineral water.  Billy Babu The Storyteller
This seems like too much work lmao
Very cool
Its straight up cola cordial
Your camera angle is shit
Anti vaxx moms be like:
2:40 Vodka?
Great video
I require caffeine in order to function. What's the proper technique for adding it?
How to make it more easy    You need a  - Water - Food Coloring (Black) -  Liquid Soap   Step 1: Add the food coloring in the water   Final Step: To make it Bubble add a liquid soap on it   Enjoy :P
It changed into Cola only when i peed in it
Anyone else drinking pepsi?
Here before Coca-Cola sends their Colombian Death Squads after this dude.
You've missed the secret coke-addictive ingredient _____________👃
So much for the cola plant
Let's go make our own Coca Cola    No one ever said.
Why was this in my recommendations and why did I kinda want to watch it?🧐
I FUCKING WATCHED IT YOUTUBE
He has an American accent, why is he using euros and grams?
Who cares about making cola for whole day if you can buy one ...
Yooo we found ourselves an alchemist!!
I thought this whole time Cola was caramel. My brain has lied to me my whole life
When your just to darn poor
Missing the coca leaf homie
I don't know if Coke has very little or no lemon, but a lot of lemon will lead to a more Pepsi flavor, since they have a more lemony taste than Coke.
I'm a Muslim and when he said _"Alcohol"_ I was like, Nope not for me!
i dont know why i just assumed this but i always thought cola was straight chemicals and could not physically be made of of real "food" ingredients
**COCA-COLA wants to know your location**
Dude looks like spying on their secret recipe!
Or u can go to a store down ur street and get one for 50 cents a can
>how to make cola >recipe uses no Kola nut, the main flavor being emulated by the industrial synthetics  Ummmmmmmm
*just buy a freakin’ coke*
*FBI OPEN UP*
turn down your voice audio
Instruction unclear. I ended up subscribing t-series.
lavender is another way
Dr. Stone ?
Blackcurrant is a great flavor to add to sodas too
THE RECIPE SMELLS LIKE TONIC
I add mine with a little bit of cocaine and it tasted great!
I think something happens to howtobasic call 911 hes not destroying anything
Or you can just buy a Coke........
Oh wow make your own  *save time and money* , that 1 liter of cola only took * 4 hours and $50 to make* !!!
To make it closer to the original you need 1 tsp of *cocaine*
Soda you savage
The soda dudes are going to send the hit men to your house for a sit down chat
No kola nut? Its not just for caffeine right?
When Canadians try doing American things
Or you can just make caramel by cooking sugar...
How do you make Diet Coke?  Is there some kind of natural caramel coloring you could use instead of the sugar?  And how much of a sugar substitute?
Thank you for this recipe I can now sell  crack to young kids untill the feds pull up
I clicked onto this video thinking that this is would be some sort of how to basic video
1:13 that’s what I was thinking since you said the ingredients
You forgot the coca/cocaine main secret ingredient which keeps people addicted >.< why do you think they call it "coca" cola
Did u just crack the forbidden recipe
Instructions unclear, ended up doing dog yoga in front of the Eiffel tower
you forgot the cocaine
That's a lot of effort for Cola...  Even Franky would be like.. Yeah screw that.
I love his voice and that’s what got me through the video not the content...
You forgot cochinel.
What if the coke you wanted was a white crystal?
AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR DAT
try using nut cola aka Obi
OK case in point here's how to make bigger name brand sodas at home without the stupid shit. By the way I love Keurig I have a Keurig...  https://youtu.be/vI25nMmklwE
Does he mean coke??
now, how the fuck did you carbonate that drink, it was the syrup and water, you never said that you carbonated either of those.
You forgot the Kola leaves.
Step 1: cocaine
I figured you would have tried to also carbonate too.
For sure this tastes nothing like coke
Take a shot for every time you hear the word Essential or essentially
Thank god! thought he put all that sugar in for like 2 cups. Didnt know it was a cordial.
Why the background music so creepy
But if this video means to makes healthier cola than those are sold in stores why end up using even more toxic ingredients? 😂 how stupid is this guy, sod off!
Or you do like rest of us and invest in a soda stream or something like that..And buy the syurp ( like Dr pepper an so on)for the soda.foutian drinks are better .
You’re definitely gonna be a big channel if you keep this up 👍🏼
This is drugs
I’m drunk af. Why am I watching this
*Coca-Cola has entered the chat*
Why is there no cola nut!!?? I thought cola flavor was from cola nut. Is that not true?
so bsically cola squash
Ah no Kola nut then?
No coca leaves? What a shame...
You need coca leaf extract to make coca cola
Now I know how to make cola at 2:00 am
"you need to add alchohol"  *proceeds to add a bottle of vodka*
U could have easily stretched this over 10 minutes
So much sugar for a little amount of coke
Coca leaf extract: that's the missing ingredient, and is used by Coca Cola.  You can buy decocained coca leaf tea online. You make the extract with ethanol, which is extremely green.  And coke uses phosphoric acid, not citric acid as much. I'm told the citrus reacts in the syrup over time, changing the flavor.
doesn't it contain cacao leaves?
I spent 40$ on spices to create this concoction and it really tasted similar. But then I put a chunk of dry ice in my 2 litre concoction to get carbonation and screwed the lid tight after a few minutes the 2 litre bottle exploded from the pressure of the dry ice and sprayed syrup everywhere. The cat than got scared and knocked a bag of tumeric out of the spice shelf and yellow slime spread everywhere staining the bran new kitchen tile yellow .than in my frantic efforts to clean up before my mother got home I accidentally placed an empty bleach bottle on the burner that I was bioling the syrup and it caught fire and burned the entire kitchen wall before the fire trucks put it out.
After seeing all that sugar I downed 5 water bottles shit looked nasty
Won't it taste coconut-y if you use coconut oil?
Finally after rounds of bs anime and cat video Youtube finally recommend me some actually useful video .
I think you forgot to add cocaine
Thanks for teaching me how to cook coke
When you think it is a how to basic video but realise its actually real
Wallmart : Am I a joke to you?
2 more views to 1,000,000
nigga said flavanoid
CONGRATS ON 1 MILLION VIEWS
You could do this or you could drive down to your local Walmart.
You can use cocaine for an emulsifier.
I sure learn a few things I’ve never heard of before that makes the Coca cola !
1,000,000th view... that's a first in 13 YEARS
2 more views for 1 million view lol
What's alternative of alcohol? A Gum Airbag? Aerobic?
No one : Youtube:here's a video from a year ago on how to make cola
Why the ominous background music
"following the original coke a cola recipe" that thing is super secret! who do you think you are? Maybe a bit of back story needs to go into how you came up with this flavor recipe.
This is way too long to make. Might just go to the store and get a ready made bottle of coke lol.
JAJAJAJA NUKA-COLA
I love soda
Use another oil,  the coconut oil turns into a solid when I add ice.
In my country we get home made cola at small stalls. They add in a bit of salt. You might wanna do that.
FBI OPEN UP
Where's the kola nut?
Guys, don't you think he could make meth?
Instructions unclear, stick of cinnamon up my butthole
Instructions unclear, dick caught in cieling fan.
Yes we are making cola Chinese style
Coca Cola: *_Am I A Joke To You??_*
You sound like Hosuh from Danplan
4/10 no cocaine
I guess it’s good to know we can make Coke at home.... but it’s A LOT of work, so I’d say it’s easier just to go to the store & buy it. 😊
Went to store and bout a bottle of soda and drank it while this video played.
*"BiG SoDa CoMpANiEs HATE HiM!!"*
You forgot the Pepsi.
This is tooo fucking much. Just buy some at the store.
U sound like chucky from the zombies community
This guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about Coca Cola is made from black tea fact!!!!!!
*THE FBI IS WATCHING*
This dude didn’t add drugs
Instructions unclear, ended up making crack coccaine
Doesn't coke have a secret ingredient that the company has not disclosed? Maybe that's why it tasted off.
Instructions unclear, summoned a demon instead.
“And I’m gonna use the moonshine I made in the previous video” *oh*
I saw the Coca-Cola factory shut down.
Well done Sir, two things you could have burned off the alcohol and 2 use browning instead of food coloring
What about Carbonated water?
I always thought there was cola nut in cola
Where’s the Blow babbyy ?
I can monopolize off of this
I'm so overwhelmed!
You need some sodium there
954k views aye Broward county where ya at
You receive an Outstanding at Potions.
Or u could buy a pepsi
How to make diet cola?
Perhaps you made Cockta instead od Cola. Cockta is superior drink.
Dude, you can buy Cola in every super market, you dont need to make it yourself.
Just found your channel, i mus say this is super cool!
Instructions unclear: limes lodged in anal cavity
No kola nuts?
Can u make a video about how  to make bubble gum flavor syrup? Its my favorite flavor
coca cola company want to know your location
Hey you mix potions right? Can you brew me an ale?
The second I seen the sugar I stopped watching 😅
Orrrr just get your lazy ass up and go to the store
pensé  que era un video de HowToBasic    saludos a los que entienden el español jaja
I always knew it had citrus and cinammon tones, im not crazy lmao
You are also missing Kola nut as a flavoring as well as the source of caffeine.
Now please make the "how-to" Jack Daniel's video. It's been years since I've drank cola by itself.
I thought the coca cola recipe was a secret?
Now I'm gonna do the same but use some heavy jamaican rum and make my own Cuba Libre syrup xD
FBI open up!!!!
You forget all the chemical shit they put in real colas
4am and im watching how to make Cola
Oh God, where did I mess up? This tastes like warm poopy piss water.
No wonder Coke makes such a great marinade/sauce.
ok so the 7x are 7 spices which are six?  1) orange peel 2) lemon peel 3) cinnamon 4) nutmeg 5) coriander seed 6) neroli   The coconut oil is just there to help make the extraction.
Sweet
Dude this is really cool
So is this not carbonated ?
U sure this wasn’t the recipe for cologne?
The BG music is creepy :s but great video!
Dude that was super cool good job man👍
No thanks I’ll just go buy some.
What for ? Coke is sold at 1 dollar 1 lit why would you spend time to do this
Do u like cola?
Dummy receipe... coconut oil to take out citrus flawor ? are you esting to much nutmag..
Cola is not black.
Take a dollar some some time but a coke Coke not got out of business anytime soon
buy it
i will just....buy a cola in the store.....because i'm lassy
You deserve more subs.
So that's why people drink these as a cough syrup.... with all the lime and essential oils... lol
why make homemade cola when you can buy 3 packs for 1 dollar at foodsco?
Is there a subliminal playing in the background? Because I heard creepy voices in the background with the music.
orrrrr I can pay a dollar and get some at a liquor store.
Recommendations. Why.
I got a Pepsi ad while watching this
Lol it’s all cool but why go through all the trouble lol.
You forgot to use the cocanie
Ummmm $1 for a 2L of actual Coca Cola or $10 for the ingredients to make a bootleg coke🤔🤔🤷🏽‍♂️
Where's the cocaine?
So this is what I find when I look up how to make weed without a plant...
Instruction unclear: *I made pesticide*
or you can save two days of preparation and buy a coke
1g of water + 10000g of sugar
Just buy some fucking cocacola
i thought this was lean sis
I’m confused, how did you carbonate it?
Instructions unclear... ended up making cocaine
Ooooorrrr you can go to the store and buy some
And just think.  Someone did all of this bullshit and thought, "Yeah.  This is something that I want to sell and people will want to drink."
So... you should watch a video called "Making Oleo-Saccrum" by How To Drink. The syrup you make would be much easier and cheaper to make if you just extracted the citrus oil directly into white sugar. Oleo Sacrum is an old method for extracting flavors from citrus peel.
For your Info there is no coriander seed it has some soffee and caramel
Why would anyone want to do this?
And why would you make ur own cola if ur gonna go to the store to buy the ingredients anyways so if ur already there then just buy some coke
Very cool to watch
It's not the same because they add cocaine.
keeping this around in the event of nuclear apocalypse so I can make some nuka cola.
Why?
TIL that kola nuts arent actually part of a cola recipe.
Maybe alcohol is the supposed Coca-Cola secret ingredient
the angle of the video is way too tight, and some shots seems upside down.. hard to watch it.
Instructions too confusing, ended up killing myself
What did you use to carbonate it?
But, I don't speak english
Or you can just buy a 12 pack or 2 L pack from almost every store😐
* *Coca-Cola has joined the chat* *
so even coca zero is oil??
I legit was watching this drinking cola
try using stevia maybe
Me: I made some coke you want some? Friend: sure *inhales white cocaine* Me: what the fuck?
Real cola is from cola nut. You made imitation meth.
1 am and im wachting how too make cola
you forgot to put co2
So where do I add the cocaine?
Messed up on the instructions my dick ended caramelizing
*John Stith Pemberton wants to know you're location*
Be care with the FBI
2:08 looks like messed up fruity pebbles... no? ...... okay I’ll leave
Its weird that unhealthy things are made from healthy things
You sound like matimo
Tried all these ingredients which ended up with some thing which taste like ox tail gravy ,😎
I think I'll just buy a can
But what about the bubble?
Что-то у гофера пошло не так видимо
i call it jarrito's. not the bottle stuff, the original mexican drink. soda before coca cola came along
Mayonnaise, corn syrup, and sparkling water. You’re welcome.
Me: Wow this recipe seems pretty natural and pure   600 GRAMS OF SUGAR.  🚶🏽‍♂️👋🏽
No kola nut?
Man this guy seems like he aced some extreme chem classes
I've made naturally carbonating ginger ale and "sprite" before from scratch by mixing water, ginger (or a squirt of lemon and lime juice for the sprite), sugar, and yeast. Leave in a warm place till you can feel the plastic bottle get hard, then chill to force the CO2 back into the solution, creating a natural fizz without adding soda water.  Would be very interesting to see if this Cola syrup could be used as a substitute for the sugar and flavouring in such a mix.
Anyone else watching with zero intentions of making it
What are the essential oils I’m lazy
it's like $1 can.. anyway
Take a shot for every comment mentioning going to the store instead of making this. Also don't blame me for any cases of alcohol poisoning.
Thought this was an American channel until I heard Euros and metric measurements.
I’d rather have grape koolaid
Ill just buy the liter for a dollar :×
First video I've seen of yours and I enjoyed it a lot, very informative, excited to see what other ones you have, keep up the great work!
Later On This Guy's Phone "Coca-Cola Wants To Know Your Location"
Can you use dry ice to carbonate
Watching this now but will never actually try it
You forgot the Cocaine.
Thought this was howtobasic
add coca leaves— the cocaine content really makes it a true cola tonic
'Hola commade' is how I read the title. Commade is not a word, but that's what I read
Coke is spicy
Should have tried kola nut.
I’m going to the damn store
I instead just grabbed a coke out of the fridge LOL
you need the neroli ... it acts like a tranquilizer
Cola Nut? Coca Leaves?
but.... why?
why didnt ypu put fentanl in it
When you Major in Chemistry. But work As a Chef
I like how the title isn't "How to Make Coke". XD
No gracias!  🤢🤮
Awesome!
Ok so... basically this is a " Shortcut to make half-assed cola" video more than a "How to make real cola" video.
Dr Pepper next?
Just grab a bag of cocaine. mix it with caramel and caffeine with water and BOOM pure CocaCola
fascinating, i thought it was just caramalized sugar and ginger
Coca cola? Pepsi cola? Nuka cola? Why are you reading this cola? Seriously cola? # cola? Flavor lab's cola? I'm lmao cola? Pin this for laughs cola? COLA?!
Edd Gould would be fascinated by this video...
It's a little thick but the price is right
Instructions too clear, I accidentally found the secret recipe for Coca-Cola and am now being followed internationally by 6 different private military organizations
How to make homemade meth lab
Just drink water lol
Coca Cola is dark brown not black.
This is the culinary version of NileRed.
I always knew coke was healthy!!!
Probably an anti vaccine person
And people thought i was _weird_ for putting lime juice into my cola 😤
It's missing cola nut extract and coco leafs, I do believe that coco leafs are optional.
Powepuff girls born the same way as coca
You just wasted 50$ to make a cup full of a drink they only cost 2$ to get a cup full of Coca-Cola
Just buy a bottle of coke
That looks so disgusting and like it takes so much time, I think I'm just gonna stick to taking my coca cola out the fridge and just drinking it.
Instructions unclear, ended making 7up
Essentially
Really interesting,thank you!
Il stick to buying coke
no rat blood? 🤦🏻‍♂️
Make unsweetened cola
Is it really cola if you don't even use kola nuts?
no wonder I quit drinking Cola.
Or you could just go to your local Tesco and by coke cola
Now all I have to do is find a video on making rocket shaped bottles.
U should try adding background music to ur videos 👍 just a little tip
You are missing star arise
it needed the cafeine for the flabor
What about the cola nut?
The secret of the dragon scroll is ...nothing
*Coca-Cola and Pepsi wants to know your location!*
Why is caffeine’s added to most soda products when it colorless orderless, and tasteless.......it’s and addictive stimulant! And who drinks most of it kids! Isn’t the FDA a wonderful institution, always looking out for our wellbeing. I would love to know how much kickback they receive from corporate America?
OMG I GOT A COCACOLA ADD BEFORE THIS
the amount of sugar in it.. that's wrong doe
Cola without corn syrup - not a Cola !!!
I did this and ended up what tasted like R C cola left out overnight
Am I just mentally ill or does anybody else hear that annoying strange ringing in the background music of this video
What kind of alcohol? Pure ethanol? Or maybe throw in a coupe shots of vodka to make the cola a bit more interesting lol
Just get water and cola flavouring.... food colouring boom...
Isnt it much cheaper to just buy a cola🤷🏻‍♀️
OR spend a dollar on a can         problem solved
SO. MUCH. SUGAR.  so gnarly.
when your poor as fuck you made homemade coke cola 😂😂
PC Dave wants to know your location
Wow... thanks
I knew I tasted cinnamon in my cola
Will this clean my car engine like real cola ?.
This is so cool! Never gunna do it tho.
Who else knew  they wasn’t gonna do this at home but just watched because it looked interesting
Coca Cola still uses Coca plant leaves for flavor. Its drug free but you cant get the flavor without their manufacturing process, and they are the only company allowed to grow the plants
This was really interesting. I drink cola all the damn time but had no idea what was actually in it or where the flavors came from. I think I'm gonna try this for myself at some point, seems fun!
I just knew there was going to be tons of sugar. How much sugar did he pour anyways? Jesus.
How to make ass
Instructions Unclear. Cola up my ass
I remember an old soda commercial that said cola flavor came from cola nut. Maybe that would make it browner. I've made homemade fermented root beer and ginger beer that came out good, and I've wanted to try a cola, but like you I don't wanna spend the money on good essential oil. I think I'll try your method, but add some kind of nut like walnut for the color, and astringent quality. Great vid
Itll cost more to buy all those ingredients rather than the actual cola...
So, did anyone tried it? How is it?
Essential oils are straight up scams. Smelly oil dosent help anything other then b.o. or something.
If this is cola, then why are there no cola leaves in there?
This dude sound gay af
so i thought i for some reason will actually follow this tutorial. nvm ill just buy it kdksks
When are we gonna get our homemade neurotoxic venom recipe ?
Orrr instead of waiting half an hour you could head to the shops and buy a coke there Job done!
Jesus Christ... just make iced tea, water, tea leaves, lemon, a little sugar, done.
Instructions wasn’t clear I ended up making crack cocaine now I work with for a Kartel in a Lab.
Idk why but your voice makes you seem like you’d be a really nice guy in person
Followed the steps, ended up getting my cat pregnant
seems  like a lot of work. just buy a coke.
It's good to be reminded that cola drinks are really made from natural ingredients, whatever the process it took to make the final product.
Step 1: Buy coke Step 2: Put coke in different cup
I thought Coke had Vainilla on it...
4:25 Whats that scary background noice
Coca cola wants to know your location
Ain't no body got time for that shit
you used 60.6 Grams of sugar
Walter White cooking up a batch!
Can’t be this healthy
Just fucking buy a bottle of coke
Purple drank
Where is the bleach, ammonia, and 2 gallons of high fructose corn syrup?  This is fake coke.
You forgot cocaine
Organic coke for vegans?
Cola? Give me sugar... and water
You sir, have deserved a sub
That's some quite eerie music in the background
I fucking dislike this
FBI Open Up
With a natural recipe like this, all of a sudden Coca Cola seems like drinking a flavored sulphuric acid.
where’s the caffeine element in this recipe
Followed all the steps. Somehow made ayahuasca. Sweet. See you guys in hyperspace
Now I want to cherry cola big gulp.
I am glad I found your video as it was really interesting. However, I noticed that you seem to go over when measuring out ingredients. You say 600 grams of sugar then weigh out 606. What is the point of shooting for an exact number then just using more? I understand taste is subjective for most things like where you say if you like sweet commercial soda add the full amount in the recipe. While not baking you should get as close to the amount in the recipe to eliminate any unwanted outcome.
A Angie le salió mejor
HowToBasic Done Correctly.
Interesting 👌🏿
Instructions unclear made a toaster
No Kola nut?
Dont forget the cocaine
1 lime is not 500ml
In the USA I can go to any store give them a dollar and receive the same thing only it will taste better and be ice cold
All you need is 4 grams of a dollar and get your lazy ass to a 7 11...watch my videos....ps that fapping on screen was inappropriate
how long does the syrup last?
Homemade heart disease
I made bloxycola
Or just buy a 2 liter
No kola nut?
I was about to say that this wouldn't last very long, but when I realized that all you needed to do was just add two table spoons of syrup and 330 mL of Soda Water to make the drink. I might actually try making this myself when I realized how simple it was.
i thought this was howtobasic for a second
Wait, so no Kola nut?
How long does it last?
After watching this video, I'll just wait until my favorite cola is on sale and get 2 liters for $1.00
*coca cola needs to know your location*
Or you can just go to store and buy cola for $1 and say you made it 👏🏼
Its no cola with no cocaine 😂😂
All that for cola 🙄🙄
That's some Jessy Pinkman level chemistry right there!
I was turned off as soon as he said 7x. Sound like he trying to make a Powder Puff boy.
Quote on Quote "Original" This was not Original! *ᵀʰᵉʳᵉ ʷᵃˢ ⁿᵒ ᶜᵒᶜᵃᶦⁿᵉ*
I'm using this for Pepsi
I like to add angostura bitters to lemon lime soda for a flavor sort of like cola
This tastes nothing like COCAINE you liar! Not even close!
fucking hippie talk normal
Just use southernwood xD It even smells cola
Why is my cola spicy???????????
Well done - fun video to watch mate 👍🏻
What, where's the cocaine??
Coca Cola wasn’t originally green it was clear. The bottle was green. I got in an argument with me science teacher about it proved her wrong by searching it, then got suspended for arguing with a teacher
7 up has joined the chat
Wait this isn’t How to Basic
Or just buy one?
The T in pestle is silent.
Coca cola wants to know your location
The ultimate secret revealed, Thank you. I have searched this
You forgot the Mouse
uuuugggghhhhhhhhh
*Eddsworld intensifies*
You are a liar on the back of a Coca-Cola bottle it tells you the ingredients
*ESSENTIAL OIL* **Anti-Vaxx mom heavy breathing**  edit: thanks for taging along internet folks :). also... VaCcInAtE uR kIdS!¡!
no one should take in that much sugar.
Or just buy a coke ;)
Sense when do you have to use "essential oils", then mlm pyramid schemes are tryina fool you
*CONTAINS CAFFEINE*
I'll just spend a buck fifty at the store for cola, this is a whole journey.
Odd1sout?
Is this safe to drink...?
I imagine it just tastes of Christmas
I was scared there for a second, I thought this was gonna be a howtobasic video
Why you need coca cola when you can make it at home
Its POP!!!
Antivax cola?
Step 1 : *Find cocaine*
better to go to the shop and buy a cola and not spend money on ingredients? xdddd
just buy a bottle of cola ...simples
Or I can just go to the store
Where dat cocaïne at
It's weird, to me cola has been one of those complete mysteries as to what it tastes like and what's actually in it to give it it's flavours, but I never actually questioned it or looked it up
I came here expecting a Howtobasic video. 0/10
Soooo...no kola nut in cola?
you can buy already made cola for 0.35 euros for 1 litre
I fallowed all the step and made pepsi instead. what did i do wrong?
Can you do homemade root beer?
he sounds like walter white's son from breaking bad
I love Coke and Soda's but i think all drinks in store are too sweet and too much sugar. All soda's could probably cut back 20% to 30% of how sweet it is. Just water with a little bit of sirop is so much more refreshing
cola= spicy juice
For an emulsifier can you use cocaine, to get that true CokeCola taste?
I'd rather go and spend around 50p and get a can of cola than wasting time with this crap wasting time and gas
Why am I watching this at 2 Am
I went to the store bought 12 pack for $3.99 plus tax and I cans home and video still was playing
I gave up so I just bought coke, Ha
Oh how I miss the comment section of YouTube! I was lost in the dull, underaged crowd of IG
Um... How can you call this "cola," without using any cola nuts? That's probably why it didn't taste quite right.
no cocaine? damn that’s where i went wrong
Amazin
How did you get the carbonated effect
Instructions unclear, accidentally made Pepsi instead of Cola
Is the carbonate (bubbles/fizz) already in the mixture? If not how do you make it fizzy?
It’s carbonated
Cola has dyes and cancer.
when i saw this i thought it was lean
isn’t cola normally like vanilla flavored?
While you're at the store buying these ingredients, just buy yourself a bottle of cola.
Why tho
This is a great option if you run out of Coca Cola and don't have time to go to the store to get some
So.... much.... sugar
How to make Cola 1. Get 1/4 of a cup of water 2. Get 3 pounds of sugar or anything that gets you fat af 3. Pour ingredients in 4. Enjoy
You say Euros but your American?
U forgot that alcohol
That squeaky sound repeating throughout the video really necessary?
I always thought the taste came from the Kola nut 😂😂😂😂
What would the recipe be if you used essential oils?
Pestle? Whistle?
You forgot the cocaine.
Cola is healthy
Did you put the flavour crystals in?  Broken down, not broke down.  Cool take on how to make a syrup for soda.
This is the most interesting thing I've seen in ages! I'm not gonna make it, but it was fun to watch.
Looks like sparkling grape Kool-Aid to me.
Kaffir lime leaves and coconut oil... I'm sure that's exactly the flavor God intended
Now let's do How To Make Pepsi!
Or just go to a nearby shop
If you feel cola is too sweet, just mix it with some soda water. It will retain the flavor and carbonation, but will be as un-sweet as you want.
Why dont you fucking buy a Coke ?
I tried to make apple pie adding lemon cinnamon and a hint of orange juice and it tasted like coca cola 😛😜😘
the original coke recipe definitely has vanilla in it. I doubt this taste anything like a coke.
You should cola-borate on projects like this.
Probably needs to be carbonated to taste more like coke from the store
instructions unclear, ended up making pepsi
So we dont need any insect
2:49 is that MOOOOONSHINEEEEE
2:33 use soap ya dingus
@Flavour Lab Und was ist mit der Kolanuss selbst?   Das was ihr da gemixt habt ist sicherlich eine interessante Kräuterlimonade, hat aber mit Cola nicht das Geringste zu tun.   🖓🙁
I guess this guy didn't know that the "t" in "pestle" is silent.
Well... cola is actually flsvored like the cola nut...
Under rated channel tbh
Anyway was it cheaper or more expensive than regular Coca-cola?
Culo
*anti vaxx moms have entered the chat*
My grandma use to make me bottles of Coca Cola and it tasted exactly if not better then coke
coca cola compay is crying now
That abundant sugar.
So what you have is poor mans coke..or Generic Brand Coke. Such as "Cott Cola or RC Cola", no-name brand cola.
Gay.............
>Calling it cola >not using any actual kola nuts 0/10 >Calling it coke >not using any coca leaves 6/10 (getting a hold of coca leaves can be... difficult since it's also the name origin/source of cocaine) >0:14 broken*
I bet if you followed the recipe exactly it would taste a bit more spot on.
Too much work, I hope you know it’s easier buying it at the gas station ⛽️.
‘Gets a whatsapp notification’ “Cocacola®️, don’t you facking move facking deletie this shit”
I dont use essential oils cuz im not an anti vaxxer
500 ml of lemon juice???? you wont get half a lieter out of one lime. what kind of limes do you have?
The original cola was made from the kola nut, giving it caffeine.  Why did you not even include that?
Tried to sell this, now i’m in the police station😪
No Cola nut extract?
Thank you always wondered. I'm happy it's not just all powders and chemicals.
Coca-Cola wants to: *KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
What does your film set up look like? I wanna do a vid like this (not about flavors) but i dunno how to set it up.
Did anyone actually try this recipe or is everyone just memeing?
Who made this, and how did it turn out?
Colas are typically a soda phosphate style beverage with a hint of citric to round the taste but not so much it kills the natural tang of the phosphate. Using citric acid alone can not replicate this flavor and explains why the color is wrong. Also, a very minor amount of freeze dried coffee and a drop of vanilla extract (the instant mix) can help with both the color and the flavor.
My mom made me homemade pepsi once... it turned out pretty thick.
Me acorde de Angie Velasco
Isnt the color more Brownish than Solid black?
The drink got magicly carbonated?
Wait, so Cola is made with kola nuts?
Coke ain’t black bitch
dude its commun knowledge that colas main flavouring ingredient is from the "kola nut" from west Africa.
have you not heard of the kola nut?
Nice touch with the background noise at the end. Not so suddle, but funny as hell. If you want that subliminal message to go unnoticed, try making them quieter. XD
The fact you didn't measure out exactly 600 grams but 606 ... and not 100 but 102 makes me cringe sfm -_-
so the coca cola secret recipe has been leaked?
In my country we call crazy people Coca cola and gay people Pepsi
*Wait thats illegal*
You keep saying coke but if u like Pepsi what’s the difference could u do a Pepsi video
This dude really shuddered in 1:20 😂
why does coke have a slight hint of cocoa? idk if its just me, but ive always gotten a hint of cocoa/dark chocolate when drinking coke, especially when its ice cold...
Or you could just buy a coke...
im drinking cola while watching this
This video is really interesting and cool.
Pepsiman : *_TRIGGERED_*
Pepsi better
straight to the point, great video
Congratulations... you made Cola without Kola nuts....
0:50 we need 0.5 gram of cocaine
I'm tempted to try this completely without the sugar (or just the caramel amount)!
Channel disappears.  Creator found in apartment suspected od.
Grace Vanderwaal's new song is out "Stray"
1:42 “steam dill-stillation”
Are you a woman or a man?? You’re voice can be both
1k away from 666k views👹
Just buy one for a dollar
A 2 liter bottle of soda costs less than $2.00.  Why would you make it at home?
Man i don't know whether to trust these anymore because of HowToBasics
Let me know if anyone makes this
Who else is drinking coke rn  😂 I am
Accidentally made cocaine Instructions weren’t clear enough
Are you a teenage boy or a woman?
I think I like the mustard seed Fritz-Kola put in theirs which is by the way the best cola i've had.
Do cow milk next
Lecithin is another effective emulsifier.
ALCOOOHOL ENN TRAAAANEN
I loved the music tho
*Made 9 months ago*  YouTube: *_LeTs ReCcOmEnD ThIs To EvErYoNe...._*
CIA wants to know your location.
YouTube recommended niceeee
you must be the most boring man if you do this.
I KNEW THERE WAS CINNAMON!
*Didn't wanna invest 40€ for the Video*  *Gets around 1000€ from it*
How much gum arabic would you use insead of the alcohol?
Did anyone try it? How is it?
Imagine doing this step by step midnight in the kitchen. You wearing Some protective Clothing and a gasmask, than your mom walks in and Said in confusion *"what are you doing?"* And then you straight up respond *"making Coke"*
This looks great! But I have a question, why isn't there caffeine? I can imagine why you couldn't use  Coca leaves but I thought there was coffee in the cola
Alchemy Level 100
I've never tasted any kind of citrus in cola
You're telling us all the ingredients and the required amounts, but you keep leaving out how much you're going to make? It's really weird.
*Now it has, oof*
Don't use black food colouring, it will look gross and unnatural. Coca Cola uses caramel food colouring, and presumably a lot of it to give coke its dark brown colour
I was fallowing along but ended up snorting bird shit
Instructions unclear big toe got stuck in ceiling fan
Instructions unclear, accidently made magic mushrooms and got swat-raided
This poor guy is provably getting sued...
*FBI HAS JOINED THE CHAT*
isnt coke dark brown?
0:16 oops I thought he was jerking
I think I'll stick just to going to the store to buy Coke
That weird high pitch ambient noise made me think I was schizophrenic
U just bankrupted a company Amazing
Does this contain Phosphoric acid? 99% of all colas I've seen use phosphoric acid to get the flavor profile we associate with cola.
if you use warm water warmer than 70c then the sugar/syrup wouldn't spill out off the pot and the syrup wouldn't harden
*"Sorry Coke and Pepsi"*
Breaking bad
Spoiler:  Dude tries to make cola without any kola nut, Only tastes kinda similar to cola.
Aaaah, coke is not black dude.
just buy some coke in the supermarket lmfao
You forgot the cocaine
That is shit
The mystery is GONE!
I fucking knew i tasted Orange in it. I thought it was just a minute maid container changed to Coke (same company)
crazy youtube recommended me another interesting video.
You know da nplan well u sound like hosuah and euros too
A whole nutmeg. How to die.
no coca leaves? NOOOB!
Interestingly enough, Coke is not the only soft drink to have once contained a controlled substance, the ancestor soda of 7-up (Bib Label Lithiated Lemon-Lime Soda) used to contain lithium.
Uh, might want to change the name of the Kaffiir lime to Makrut lime. Kaffiir is a derogatory term for black people, just fyi.   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaffir_lime
*Watches the video while drinking coke*
The "t" in the word "pestle" is silent.
Too hard to do... Just buy one.. is more good at taste.
Nice recipe, go and buy some coke myself
Step one: take down your trousers
Video cut off where he adds coca leaves at the end.
Just go and buy coca cola in walmart
wonderful.  a non-carbonated all natural ingredient cola.   :)
And in one year drink is gonna be ready
Just buy cola. Done
Who else thought the cinnamon sticks in the thumbnail were swishers?
Nutmeg makes sense! I smell nutmeg and it immediately reminds me of Coke
Coca-cola left the chat
Fast Drink for inbetween, nice
Instructions were not clear enough.  Ended up accidentally killing and then eating my neighbor's face.
Fck. I thought I was clicking on a HowToBasic Video. Stayed anyways for actual good content. huh..
you should colour it with burned sugar, like the original!
"Oil"
Really great video👍🏻
Sounds like Primink
If you want to be extra authentic, get cocaine.
Wait so it becomes carbonated by itself?
Any good way to store the syrup and how long is the "shelf life" of the syrup.
600 grams of fucking sugar ??!?!?!?! WHAT?!?
Now, wait for the cola company to copy strike this channel due to the exact ingredients of real cola.
*Pepsi* wants to know your location
I'd rather buy it from the store
Kaffiir lime leaf, literally means : Infidel lime leaf
You forgot Diabetes
You forgot about coca leafs and koala tears...
More sugar than water?  Oh, its a syrup, and not actual coke...
Wrong caramel! Seriously why would you expect light brown caramel to become completely black after adding water and acid?
Or just buy Cola? Cheaper and Easier
Are you paid by Coca Cola or Pepsi? You really think that cola contains a single natural ingrediënt. Hahahahaha don’t make me laugh twice
You've been in my recommended for so long so I'll watch it :p
Wait wait a minute Where is the cola plant ?
Step one: go to store  Step two: buy cola  Step three: clean your toilet
U belong in a gulag
Instructions wrong, accidently made a black hole how do I turn it *OFF*
Tried to follow the recipe and instructions, ended up making pepsi
I love this....
PERSIMAN WANTS KNOW YOUR LOCATION
I know how to make Fanta-  Get orange squash Get fizzy water  Mix em. Boom. Try it
OK, wtf Google, why are you reading my mind? Yesterday evening I was thinking about making my own cola and now this video is on the suggestions list?   When I will have time I will try to make it :)
save time food coloring ,co2 water = pepsi. the coloring in pepsi and coke is listed as rmei. methylidazole a carcinogen listed by state.
FBI open up
I wiah "coke life" made with Stevia would come back to Ireland.
Be easier to go down to the shop?
Wikipedia says "Despite the implications of its name, there is no evidence that the current version of Coca-Cola syrup contains kola nut extract"   However, it would be really cool if you could do a video with it.
Dude fuck I need to go to sleep. 😂
well that's fucked up.  literally just sugar. you should try 4 week challenge only drinking this.
If it taste like Pepsi than count me out.
Thx YouTube for recommending this video to me
I wonder how it carbonated at the end? Nope. That ain't the end product.
No vanilla?
Just buy it that stuff is more expensive  a large  bottle  of cola is like 5$
Instructions unclear, I made a nuclear bomb
I don't know if this is legit or nah   Edit: i still don't know oml help
Or just buy Pepsi
Coke does contain colouring - that's what the caramel is. I don't know how they make it so dark without the drink being bitter, but I suppose that's down to super-precise temperature control.
This comment section is great
0:31 anti vax kids are lucky
Holy fuck thanks man, if you use nitrous pressurizer (thing to make spirits) you can make cola flavored vodka! I'm gonna  smash it on my next party (I'm bartender)
*Wait, has my name changed?*
you know the coca cola secret nice?
And they say coke is unhealthy
Left out almond flavor
You forgot cannaoil
Good video man! Straight to the point and well structured. Super good!
How to make cola:     Buy cola from the shop.
Very well explained, visually appealing video. 10/10
I did some cocaine in mine
Ingredients prob cost more than a can of coke
Next, dr Pepper?
COCA-COLA WANT TO KNOW YOUR ADDRESS
Sooooooo cola is just sugar syrup with flavouring.😂😂😂
Or you can buy an actual cola from a nearby store...
how to get cola:  1. grab a dollar from your wallet  2. go to a store  3. buy coca cola  4. go home  5. drink
"500ml lime juice = 1lime" wut?
You forgot the cyanide
Accept Jesus Christ as your lord and saviour and repent your sins, then you have ever lasting life!! make a quick decision, because: 1. You dont know when you die 2. rapture could happen any moment. After this happens the antichrist will come and he will force people to accept the mark of the beast (propably a microchip, which is injected at the right hand or at the forehead). When you have accepted the mark of the beast you are lost forever!!(eternal lake of fire) Everything what is about to happen you can read in the Revelation of john!!
CHINOTTO  .... for ever... the other way to drink black
This made me go grab coke from my fridge ahhh
One big Question: Why don't you go to the convention store and by just a regular cola?
Cola is made from cola nuts and coco beans and suger
Instructions unclear, turned into Pepsi
Sckreek sckreek sckreek
Nice! Now I will buy cola in my local store
" THIS COLA RECIPE HAS OIL " UNITED STATES : did you say " O  I  L " ?
this is why orange vanilla Coke good
Instructions not clear cought penis in ceiling fan.
It would cost you more to make the cola ,you might as well just buy it
Instructions unclear my dick went up in the Orange
is this breaking bad?
*here’s the FBI ,open up*
Great vid, but what sources did you use? It would be nice to credit them
Why?
Or you can just buy at the store?
You'd never make it taste the same because yours is healthy and not packed with chemicals
A bottle of coke seems alot easier
I think most colas today use ortho-phoshporic acid instead of citric acid, should taste less lemony?
I just ended up going to Walmart and buying some coke
Im watching this at like 3 am and the background music is spooking me
just buy sodastream and make it KEH KEH
Watching this while drinking store bought Coke...
*FBI!! Open up!!!!!*
wheres the cola nut??
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in ceiling fan.
FBI OPEN THE DOOOOR!!
STOP BEING RECOMMEND FOR ME
Coca cola *am I a joke to u*
lol just buy it from the supermarket dumbass
No coca leaves? How can you make the "the original Coca Cola recipe" when you're missin the main ingredient lol
Followed instructions, ended up making crystallised blue cocaine
I don’t see any cocaine in your coke
FINE YOUTUBE ILL WATCH IT OK
just go to IKEA theres homemade cola
Why this in my feed?  Me is thonking🤔
Thanks youtube recommended
Instructions unclear - made sprite
No kola nuts?
you forgot the main ingredient = cocain. so your wrong
Why not just buy soda in some convenient store?
to much work
Why not use carbonated water to make it carbonated instead of flat?? Interesting stuff non the less! Thanks for the teach!
Clicked on this thinking it was how to basic
Maybe just buy Coca Cola?
The fbi gonna come knocking on your door if you get that recipe right
In b4 1 mill views. Also I wish I could try this! 🔥
The Coca Cola assassins are coming for you.
Toooo complicated
I am not getting how you strained out the coconut out of the essential oils
I thought coal used kola nuts for flavoring.
Just go buy one
Too much hassle. Just buy a can of it.
Why don't you just buy a bottle of cola?
Welcome to another episode of   WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMMENDATION?!
Trying to mix water and oil
I'll just buy a bottle of Coke instead
OKAY YOUTUBE I'LL WATCH IT
Wow
"Moonshine that I made in the previous video" Me: Subbed
Neat. Gonna try this out. :)
Omg cool
It seems u hit a road block on every step
2:09  Do I have to pull it off for the full 30 minutes, or is it okay if I finish early?  *ba-dum TISS!*  ^_^  LOL!
Actual mind blown say what!
I think they also use vanilla flavour
Gopher vid?
Such an awkward bye at the end I like it 👍
when i use my soda stream i like to go about 25% extra soda water to cut the sweetness.
Coke: wait thats illegal.
What about Pepsi
Just get coffee, sugar and cram it together
Can you make Pepsi next?
No mention of Kola nuts
Oops I made a batch of Genesis by accident
cola plant isn't involved?
You forgot caffeine..how do you add that? And how much of that 'gum' thing in place of alcohol, you should add?
So interesting! I’ve always been fascinated by Cola.... it’s one of the most popular soft drinks, but the flavor is kind of a mystery. It’s not clearly a cherry soda,  not clearly a lemon soda... it’s complex, and has spices in it you wouldn’t even know were there but make sense. The smell and taste are very refreshing and exciting to me. Especially when mimicked in candy form. I’d like to know the origins of the recipe... perhaps it’s much older than we know and came from across the world.
Holy fuck ! That's almost 1kilo of mufucking sugar in your body!! No wonder your fat.
Coke is just spicy water
I'm pretty sure its possible to just use Kola nuts, that is after all the original ingredient and where the name comes from
i rather just buy coca cola can
Go to the store and buy cola
Inb4 Coca Cola DMCA takedown.
You forgot Pepsi.
The question is... Does it react to mentos???
Also one can carbonate it at home using one of those kits
No stupid intro. Thank you! Like!
No cola nut? Might be why it didn't taste right.
"Yeah let me get a liter of cola"
Ughhh I would just buy the ready cola
Stop it _Just buy a coca-cola_
Ughhh I would just buy the ready cola
How to make glue lmao
His voice sounds so awkward I love it
What about the carbonation?
Recommended squad where are you at?
Recommended squad where are you at?
No kola nut?
this.... this is the kind of things youtube is meant for. a fun way to learn, keep it up!
@FlavorLab Have you considered using cola?  Cola is a genus of trees native to the tropical forests of Africa, classified in the family Malvaceae, subfamily Sterculioideae. Species in this genus are sometimes referred to as a kola tree or kola nut for the caffeine-containing fruit produced by the trees that is often used as a flavoring ingredient in beverages.  -Wikipedia  P.s. I'd love it if you could make a video about how to make homemade cola soda using the cola plant.
Anyone else randomly got this recommended?
I tried this recipe and ended up making an original comment.
Technical question: if you added ethanol as an emulsifier, couldn't you have skipped the coconut oil altogether and just done an ethanol extraction of the natural flavors?
taste like pepsi ?
I am confused, I thought cola was made from cola nuts
10 ml alcohol    Boy I’m getting drunk soon
And 8 grams of that good herb 🔥
*HowToBasic's ingredients is better.*
Thank god it’s not howtobasic
PUT THE COLA IN THE SLOT!!!     I hope I worded that right and someone gets it...
wheres the coke
The worst ingredient was sugar ! That could have been a great sponsor video
By the time this process is done I could have bought a bottle of coke from the store for 2 bucks 🤦‍♂️😂
You should have pureed the flavor mix with the coconut oil, then strained it with a coffee filter.
Thats a lot of sugar wtf
Cool
how did you discover the secret ingredient??
Instructions unclear, ended up in jail.
Omg just buy some cola!
Wait a minute, that's illegal
600g of sugar????? I dont smoke but damn thats alot of weed!!!!
one of my bestfriends haven’t had soda, chips and street foods from my country and also hates cheese more specifically *cHEETOS* . she’s in another school now and we dont talk to her or contact her much.
All that work to make the syrup and you didn't brew it with yeast to self carbonate?
This makes me think it would be interesting to have a soda bar where it's all about mixing flavors to personal preferences
where's the coke
It tastes weird cause you forgot the cocaine, smh
Instruction unclear, got my dick burned in the stove
Pepsi man wants to know you location
use agave syrup instead of sugar
I think i put vodka instead of soda water
*Coca Cola wants to know your location*
Wow this is very nice
Am I gonna make this?  No.  Am I gonna watch?  Yes
You are going to go out and get this stuff instead of buying an actual cola😂 but I can also see doing this for fun
SEVEN HUNDRED grams of sugar!
I had no idea what Coke was. If you locked me in a room and told me in order to get out I needed to guess what it was made with, never in a million years would I think that it would be citrus and spices.
The reason why original Coca Cola is originally green, is because it is flavoured with coca (what cocaine is made of) that has its drug content removed.
What about cola beans?
Instructions unclear, dick got stuck in fan
Jesus Christ man you know a coke is like $1
Probably some guy from YouTube headquarters just spamming us with his recommendations.
Essential oils? Thank god you didn’t use any vaccines, they cause poop brain I heard
Homemade cola sucks sometimes it depends on how it’s made my mom made it using a tiny bit of shit and lots of water and using some carbonation thing from the soda maker but she also used a brown food coloring which was melted chocolate and boy it was fizzy but it sucked it was just shit soda.
Gum arabic which is not made from what?
You had me until you showed all that sugar lol.  I can't stand sugar.
Instructions unclear, it turn out to be bleach
I probaly have all the oils my parents use them in soaps and most of them are food grade
Or just go get some water
To much work
hey man! great video! one tip for you is to just practice your voice overs. other than that, keep it up!
Kola nuts are used in coca cola. I dont know what youre doing here.
who came up with this idea...
*Amy wants to know your location*
I'd work the Kola nut into it somehow - after all it has caffeine _and_ theobromine. What more could you want?
Not even gonna use the Kola nut that Cola gets its name from? RIP
Fucked around and made real coke I did 17 years nigga
I thought that the original recipe included kola nuts and cocaine? Hence, coca-cola?
Or you could just buy some and save time 🤷
I was going to watch this video but when I saw you making a salad @1:30 I left. I'm here for bad-for-you Cola! Not salads!
*HTME wants to know your location!*
http://youtu.be/U2HS_hswGmQ
5:30 that voice in the back...
Coke CEO is punching the air right now
Something went wrong and now the FBI is at my door...
So much effort... much easier and cheaper to just buy a bottle from a store.
Ew
Followed instructions uhhhhh..... dick stuck in toaster
In the event of a Zombie Apocalypse,  you are welcome to stay at my underground bunker
Guys guys! He never forgot the cocaine, he got it and got this idea for the video and did it. Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
Making Cola! ! ! (GONE WRONG) (ARRESTED) (GONE SEXU- wait . . .
What about the carbonation? The fizz.. the good stuff?? Lol
Were is the cocaine???
Thought this was gonna be a How to Basic type vid.
This is a waist of time making ur own coke and it’s cheeper
This is a waist of time making ur own coke and it’s cheeper
*yum...*
Video:*exists* Coca-Cola:OH FUCK OH NO
Finally a REAL video on YouTube. All other videos that I've EVER watched are FAKE. This man has shown is something INTERESTING and we should all be very THANKFUL to him. So thank YOU and see you SOON.
Of course he chose the alcohol method.....
Plz dlt channel. Thanks.
secret ingredient: cocaine
Bro, this is faux-la. How are you going to trying to make cola with no Cola nut... to have the cola, one must have the cola nut! The stuff they sell at the store is fake too! Its just syrup water.
Is it normal that when i made mine it  came out as crystal meth?
What would be the essential oils used
*Make some homemade Orbitz next!*
Unpopular opinion: Cola is by far the worst soda flavor.
Straight Science !
you can just use alcohol to extract the flavours to begin with...thats what the fuck flavour extracts are lmao
Wheres the kola nut at?
Well... interesting! A Cola without coke leaves. :)
Now just sprinkle some aborted fetus dust, and you'll be all set.
ummmm i think u mean extracts not essential oils...because you should not be ingesting essential oils
How did it get carbonated? Fantastic video by the way
7X is Coca-Cola's proprietary formula. It's not a general term for cola flavour.
Instructions not clear now my leg is missing
Drinking a Coke while watching...
The Coca Cola company wants to:     *KNOW YOUR LOCATION*
I always thought cola came from the extract of the kola nut?
add alcohol.......JACK AND COKE. LOAD THAT BABY UP
My eyes were glued to the screen, I haven't seen very many videos this interesting to me. To imagine all of the flavors that I taste when I very occasionally drink a Coke as you're explaining was pretty mesmerizing. Very cool
*Coca-Cola Company wants to know your location
Cola is brownish red, not black.
Cola is from Kola a nut that contains caffeine and gives it its unique flavor.
333 Coca-Cola emoloyees disliked this
Why didn't you just boil the 7 X ingredients in water?
cool and weird
Im gonna stare at the coke section in the supermarket until they kick me out now.   If anyone asks ill just whisper "i know your secret".
You forgot the cocaine.  Sheesh!
You can buy cola at nearly every grocery store in the world. Why all the work?
I don't see anybody else bringing this up but I was blown away to see that cola was green without food coloring.  I honestly had to let that sink in for a minute.  I had never even considered that before or given it any thought.  It was like discovering something that has been right in front you your entire life.
Shit That's sm sugar 💀
what about kola nut that produces a color and flavor similar to cola and also contains caffeine?
¿kola nuts?
You aren't supposed to ingest essential oils
Just use soy lecitine instead of alcohol.
Eat them.
This looks like this would be highly disappointing
What? No cocaine... XD
Too much work...  Walmart has a two liter of cola for less than a buck.
Ya need cocaine
I see many ways to fool around with this.  For instance, using a liquor as the emulsifying alcohol to give subtle hints of bourbon or rum to the finished drink, or using brown sugar or maple syrup instead of caramelized white sugar.  I may have to give this a try.  Thank you for posting this!
Is this howtobasic?
There I clicked it. Can it get off my recommend now?
Eddsworld intensifies
Why wouldnt you boil the flavor ingredients in the molten sugar?
How can you make cola without kola?...
where did all the C02 come from ?
you need coca leaves....
Where are the oils?
*the only ingredient is...*       *sugar*
a few $ for a pack of coke is an amazing price if you think about all the work it would take to make it yourself. Not to mention all the amazing engineering that goes into mass producing a soda can!
So the carbonisation happens in which part of the process? I see them bubbles
This is good but I'm lazy.
Thanks for the video dude, but ain't nobody got time for that.  I barely have time to drink Coca-Cola.
This makes me want to vomit.
Ah, yes. The pesTle.  Occasionally, after I wresTle with my girlfriend atop a tresTle table, we like to nesTle together.
Can I use lube instead of oil?
I’ve been telling people coke is a lemon drink for years but no one would believe me.
How to make Pepsi?
Want some cola with your sugar?
Chosen by the Youtube gods
Why's this beezy look like it's purple?  And one of the flavors of cola is the cola nut
I though cola was made from the coca leaf.
Anyone tried "artemisia abrotanum var. maritima", it smells exactly like Coca-Cola, and I'm thinking about to make Cola-drink from it.
stop making these videos my mom will make this
What is that noice in the background
phosphoric acid
Coca Cola uses phosphors to give it a stronger tart flavor which is why so much sugar is used, to counter the sour flavors from the phosphors.
Where does the caffeine come from?
No, the flavour of Cola comes from Kola nuts.
"It tasted similar but not quite the same as the regular coke" NO SHIT
Bruh just get to the point
The way you cut your lime was scary
What about the cocaine?
Coke brews there cola. they sugar is mixed with the flavorings not with the water
You should do a video of a TASTE TEST.  A side by side version of your homemade coke and a REAL coke and see if your participants can tell the difference. (and to one off them, mix in a Pepsi from time to time)  :)
And where's the gas?
Ok!!!! Here comes my first billion dollars!!! 😆😆😅😅😅
But I am so confused... Coke's macros say that it has 0g of fat. Then how is it possible that the flavor comes from essential oils?
700 grams of sugar vs 500ml water? JEZUS
coca cola wants to know your location
I'd suggest adding some red food colouring instead, and a few drops of yellow if the colour still looks off. Cola is a deep brown, black makes it look... well... bad.
You forgot to add Kola Nut.....this was included in the ORIGINAL Coke!
Can you show me how to make barrs irn Bru ? Since they changed the recipe it sux ass 😁
Aaaaaand i see a lawsuit 😂 jkjk
Fuck i thought this was how to basics
i never knew cola was so exotic
And this is how to take cancer from a cup of shit tutorial
coke isnt black its brown
so i thought it was a flavor gifted from other worldly beings but nope its name tells you the secret ingredient
Made this. Tasted like Pepsi not coke. 0/10
Caffeine adds a nice, bitter flavour. I'm not sure that cola nuts taste anything particular other than bitter, but they were chosen as a cheap source of caffeine (it could have easily been coca-coffee if coffee was cheaper, yuck!).   The decocainized coca leaves must be adding flavour, because coca cola still uses them despite all the disadvantages of having to have close government supervision, have another company extract the cocaine and sell it for strictly regulated legal purposes and pass the extract to coca cola.
wait thats illegal
CARDAMOM
**forgets cocaine**
you forgot 90% of the chemicals
ok youtube i watched it!
How you made I Buble??
*Coca-Cola has entered the chat*
Fbi coming for you
Can the cane sugar be swapped with monkfruit with erythrytol?
Nah, I know how to make it         Tar (from cigarettes) for colouring And 400 kilos of sugar for flavour and the diabetes affect
*I didnt make Cola i bought it*
No cola nuts though?
I love smart people 😭
while this was a neat video the music gave me a major serial killer vibe....
Interesting how we dont say cola anymore. We say coke. At least where i live in the US(MI). Down south coke is synonymous with soda
*FBI OPEN UP*
Notifications = On
great video great channel. I am surprised you do not have more subs tbh.
I thought coke (cola) was made from the cola fruit?
Thank you, I enjoyed the free coke with my Chinese meal
I'd rather buy one
Is this carbonated?
Where's the salt? Maybe I missed it. Diet Rite is the only soda I know of that doesn't have salt. Virtually all others have a LOT of salt.
Wait does this actually work or nah
Try zooming backwards just a tad, it might look better. Nice Work.
You need vanilla! Coca Cola company uses a significant proportion of the entire worldwide production - they buy more than anyone else. Also, Kaffir lime leaves are not a substitution for neroli (which is orange flowers); both bread and cake are mostly flour - it doesn’t mean they’re anything similar. I bet just a combo of vanilla cinnamon and lime would taste closer to coke than this.
*this is false, coco cola is just made of dark water and Demi lovato*
Where is this guy from
3 tablespoons or teaspoons 3:11
Did you guys ever have to make this in like 3rd grade? That was a fun class
crystal meth?
Just need actual cocaine for a retro coke a cola
0:09 Thank you for not doing what some YouTubers do and having an annoyingly long and unnecessary intro that tells us nothing new. I really appreciate you saving your time and effort from explaining Cola when you know we already know what it is.
Tastes like oily, sparkling gingerbread candy drink. I'm dissapointed as faque. I promised my wife it will taste like 75%-85% like the original she doesnt speak to me for this. Thank you 4 nothing :=)
This guy better be checking the underside of his car from now on.
This isn't a cola, this is a soda, cola requires the cola nut.
Lame
Coco-cola..... I love this idea.
Now here I am, 2'47 in the morning watching how to make your own cola knowing that I will never do it
Did you add all the Es?
black magic
na ill just go to the store
caffeine is also an essential oil.
You have earned yourself another subscriber. Nice work!
It’s more easier to go out and buy a can of sado
*For half the video I was just waiting for the troll part...*
Or you could just buy some
Fascinating!
No coca leaves?
This is the coke that Walter White refers against his product
Is Flavor Lab just nilelred in the kitchen
Where's the cocaine!?
How to get sued by cocola
*HOW TO MAKE COKE*
is he playin overwatch in the background????
I didnt know they used lemons/oranges in cola, but now when i drink cola and think of it i can taste it
Or you can just buy cola
Something is telling me Cola is made by a much easier way...
just buy a bottle..
Exactly what I tried 😂 but without oil! Also I used coffee. Failed, but it's still interesting to tinker such recipes
I'm too lazy to do that      *I'll just buy it...*
try this with phosphoric acid
Your coca cola has no coca or kola. How the fuck is this cola in any way lmao
Just buy one it's cheap
not to sound rude but this is a good way to get people to stop drinking, once they know how its made
Or you can like uhm...          *BUY COCA COLA!?*
1:15 - Yes! I've noticed that when you leave Coca Cola for a couple days and it gets warm and flat, it tastes almost exactly like spicy lemonade :o
Healthiest cola I know.
FBI OPEN UP!!!
Great! Instead of buying cola for my fat ass I can just make it.
YouTube algorithm put this in my recommendations :)
FUCK! I love your voice!
I was trying to do it but ...    I made cristal Meth XD
You forgot the *Crushed Baby Powder*
Uh... most comments say they made crystal meth. How credible are you??!
Or buy coke
You need Gum Arabica.
Why make cola when I can buy a one litter bottle for 79 cents?
You forgot the kola bean. That is what makes cola, cola.
Never drinking coke again      Jk
Nice.
Improvised Cola? In Germany we call that Fanta and it's f*cking delicious.
Little high temperature or low can change this to a poisonous drink. So buy Coca-Cola from shop and drink. Save your time and money - Warren Buffet
Just buy it? 😃
When i make it I go to the store I get the ingredients  (These are the Ingredients)  Coca-Cola
Coca Cola has left the chat
why is this in my recommended?!
Why is this on my recommendation? ??
Can you try a version with Kola beans?
cola is brown/red
wow. i just use a soda stream if i’m feeling extra
Too much work, guess i’ll just buy one lol
can u use rubbing alcohol
Can u make a tutorial how to make pepsi?
People are like just buy cola   What they did not see that the syrup can be stored and added with soda at any time
1st step: don't.
I made this. Please dont do it. Its disgusting.....
You missed a little smidge of cocaine
Or... just go to the store!
Could just buy normal coal from the store
you sound like my favorite Drag Queen from RuPaul LOL
Just go to the shop
New crafting recipe added to your recipe book!
Essential oils? Oh no, anti-vax moms will give their kids coke and Pepsi until they get a sugar overdose!
Welcome: Why is this in my recommentions gang
I really want emmymadeinjapan try this!
How about just buy cola
FBI...open the door now.
Sorry but isn't cola supposed to have coca leaves and kola nuts?
The reason it didn't taste exactly right, the coconut oil
Or........ go to the shop 3min away
The cloloring they use is called Caramel (can't remember number). They removed it off the label a few years ago
instructions unclear. Accidentally made some kind of poison.
Coca Cola: *_STAY WHERE YOU ARE_*
oil coke wtf
Or go to a corner shop and buy a can for 50 p
0:31 anti-VAX *intensifies* !
If you like this you have a small pp
Um..has anyone ever told you that you kinda sound like that guy Primink? Also, thanks for the vid!
meanwhile this is what I do when I dont have coke .
So much sugar.. How do they make Cola Zero??
I love to make things myself. It often rutns out to taste so much better
If you're ever in Germany, try Fritz Kola. It's the best :D
This video made me very thirsty.
Recommendation is late again, this is cool,but I prefer Pepsi
EH, no Cola refers to a very specific fruit known as the Cola fruit, or Kola. Technically the old Coca Cola and Pepsi Cola had a lot more of that fruit in it than today's. Supposedly it's a very biter tasting fruit and you use other spices and sugar to cut that bitterant down.
Or just grab 1$ and go to your closest store?
nice, enjoy your fukin INK
didn't they use to add cocaine to coke? DO IT
Step 1: *ADD COCAINE!!!*
What is even cola. I never understood what flavor Pepsi and coca cola was going for since cola isnt a fruit or food or anything.
Instructions unclear. Went to jail for producing orange flavored crystal meth
Its much easier to make then i thought
Tom
This cant be how they do it in the Coke factory!
I love channels like this, so interesting :P
Yeah citrus lemony with spice... long island ice tea lol
I thought cola is more of a ting of Caramel in taste.
how the hell did you get carbonisation after adding water to the syrup?
Why wouldn't u just buy cola it would be way cheaper
heard essential oils  *anti Vaxxer Intnsifies*
I have gone Breaking Bad
A bottle of Coca Cola is cheaper wtf bruh
Great video, commentary was really helpful!
i dont like bubbles that much anyway i would try making a tea then just adding sweetener like honey or coconut sugar and put it in the fridge. could still boil down some sugars for flavour. i would try these flavours in beef too i thought kola beef would be nice if used actual ingredients
you forgot the 99% sugar and cocaine
Coke should start marketing to antivaxxers. They'll buy anything with Essential Oils in it.
Casually says 'we'll just use some moonshine i made in my last video'
Instructions unclear, Pepsi Man is after me and my family
Step 1: coke
Waste all that time to make a cancer drink? just buy it wtf.
i followed all your steps and now the FBI is raiding my house 😡
soo true i have seen many household hacks use essensial oils  but its complete bogus and will ruin everything for example your electric razor {yes they reccomend a mixture of alcohol and essensial oils} and it will increase the price to like double what a new cardridge cost for a cleaning stand
This was in my recommendation... not quite sure why but im kinda glad
I preffer other coke
Cola is like a 1$ so why?😂
*Watches video about making Cola yourself from regular ingredients.  Coca Cola company:  "Wait. Thats illegal!"
Don't you hate it when you tries to make this but summons Satan instead.
Instructions unclear.  Accidentally ended up making cocaine
good quality content, subbed mate!
0/10 no cocaine involved in the process
this music is fucking shit
what? I thought it was a powdered drink, cocaine and water
Bet it tastes like shit.
Coca-Cola wants to know your location
Essentially Sugar and Soda, the other ingredients are less important.
Yeah but I think buying a pack of Coke is way easier, lol but this was a good video.
I'm thinking If selling this would anyone buy?
Who’s here before 1 mil views?
Accidentally started this video in 0.25x speed I think I'm dying pls haaalp
Store-branded cola tastes like homeless man ass
Coca cola wants to know your location
Somehow I always thought that this was simply impossible to do. Like building a mondern wich would take hundreds of years of sience to build. This is kinda enlightning.
*Or you could just go and buy cola*
Coca cola after watching this video.... Stfu bitch
*Pepsi cries in the corner*
Don't worry guys its not 500ml, its 50ml of lime juice :p
you forgot pig/cow/chicken/human skin and blood dust , and the toilet cleaning suplyes and of course the mud with coal
Essential Oils? So does that mean I can give that my kids and stop vaccinate them?
KIDS THIS IS HOW MUCH SUGAR IT HAS
I thought it was going to be 99% sugar
the music is annoying
Pepsi wants to know your location
Where's the cactus bug?
Alchemy!
For the emulsifier, gum arabic can also be sold/found as acacia gum and acacia powder.
SOMEONE MAKE EMMY DO THIS
It would have been like a thousand times easier just buying one.
I thought a special kind of fruit is used.
curious as to who actually tried to make one of these
Wow...600g of sugar...
obama and donald trump wants to know your location
Title should be: How to bankrupt Coca Cola
Do you all prefer Coca cola or Pepsi!?! I'm all for Pepsi! Let the great Cola war begin!
I thought sassafras was an ingredient in cola
He sounds like odd1sout
Why add black food colouring instead of red?
Just buy Pepsi easier
Youtube Recommendation brought me here, great content, Instant sub.
Yo the fbi is coming
**FBI OPEN UP!!**
Coke, come and work for us or else.
Just buy the damn drink
Is this mr Beast
Nothing like making coke at home
Why am I watching this? I am never gonna make it hahahah. gonna just buy a coke can
cola: delete this shit
*coca cola* - *calls youtube *  *youtube* - *deletes video*
*Coca-Cola want to know ur location*
Why is there alcohol needed? The cola isn’t a alcohol beverage?
What happens if you sniff up all the ingredients
Or you could just go to the shop and get a bottle for a pound
I haven't had cola.
Welcome to Canada. Where we always measure in grams!
Next video. FlavourLab recreates man spunk.
Are you happy now youtube?
למה אתה מצלם את זה כמו נכה נתתי דיסלייק
or you can just buy coke
You forgot the coca leaves.
For how long will the sirup last in the fridge?
Do I look like broke to you?
Followed all the steps, created lean instead of Cola
Isn't it much easier to go to local shop and buy one original Cola?
(Didn't watch it yet) Where did you find cocaine
and this is how people ripoff the original brand.
wheres the kola nut
Pepsi wants to know your location
Or just go to the store and buy coke
You forgot the cola nut
Pro tip: *You can buy this drink pre-made, in a bottle at the supermarket*
*pepsi wants to know your location*
Coca cola has left the group.
Literally buy like 100l of coke for the same price as making however much that does
Man i want a coke rn
Cola has ginger
Does he have a video showing how to extract the flavour through distillation?
No kola nut?
You forgot the cocaine.
What would be a good source of caffeine that wouldn't tarnish the flavor?
Or, is it just easier to go to the store and buy coke?
Just buy it from the store
Кто с рашки? И теперь знает откуда украли видео
why is this in my recommendation
This guy sounds like a nerd!
that s pepsi, my dude
Repel
Not really coke lol come one we all know that’s a billion dollar secret safe in a safe lol for ever
I actually tried making this, and it's extremely different from the regular coke... Tastes very very bland(I even used 1:1, and the soda still overpowers the serum) and very weird, just didn't taste like coke at all. :\
Why did this come up on my recommended lol
fat people eat orange peels
So i wasn't being dumb when I tasted lemon in coke... EDIT: omg 500+ likes, I've never been more famous... thanks
lol 1g nutmeg you tryna trip bro?
U could run to the store
Sugar is the killer, make one sugar-free 😂
jeez, 600 grams of sugar?
im shocked to find out their arent any kola nuts involved in making cola!
I got diabetes watching this.
wow you have no life, Just go buy a fucking coke!
I’d rather get a regular coke
Ummm I think I would buy a can of cold Pepsi
Why not just go to the store?
Just use dishwash for the emulsifier!
Can you make a video on how to prepare ayahuasca
How to make cola... Buy one and pretend you made it.
I think just buying a bottle of coke is much easier and cheaper than doing the recipe.
Pepsi bottle coca cola glass I don't give a damn
*Drug dealers want to know your location*
FBI OPEN UP
Wait,that’s illegal
"Coca Cola left the chat"
The soda didn't taste like Cola because he didn't use Kola nut which is the main ingredient in any Cola.
Don't be surprised if coca people arrive at your doorstep.
3:35 good thing I m not drinking sodo no more
Here's an easy trick, buy a cola instead of making one.
Where is the kola nut? You cant have cola with out the kola....
My Version shit in the bottel and Mix it with 10lb sugar and 10oz water
i'm from coca cola company. we have to call you to our office and we'd called youtube to banned your video
i wouldnt reccomend putting dry sugar in a pot on head and stirring the fuck out of it. put a little water in there and let it boil with no stirring otherwise your sugar will go cloudy and crystalise
*Spicy Lemonade*
Your not making cola without cola nut extract.
Coca cola wants to know your location
The reason it's a citricy lemon flavor with spices because the original recipe was made by.... Accident by a man trying to make himself feel better he took a sip of his drink he loved it added sugar and sold it
Why is my cat barking I think I missed a step
i tot they say coca cola recipe is secret and anybody knows?
You want some more homemade Sprite? Not till you figure out what the fuck else is in it!
Dont forget to put some coca to make it the original coca cola
Or you could just go to 7-11 and get one
No thanks ill just drink me some sugar
pepsi has left the chat
Dont buy, drink or make soda. Just drink water. Youre welcome
No Kola Nut...? One of the key ingredients of Coca Cola's original recipe... Sure it's probably hard to get these days but...
you can drink that when you have diarrea
Instructions unclear i ended up with a pepsi stuck up my ass😟
Just to be clear Cola is actually derived from the Kola Nut. So yeah...
Plz get that camera to focus properly
Where's the cocaine
No Colanut?
These sounds like its made out of weed
Welcome to interesting YouTube Recommended Video.
whY does the video have creepy music ;-;
Be careful with nutmeg that shit will make you stoned
Cola is very dark brown not black like Kanye West
isn't cola flavored from the kola nut?
Dude I'm a couple minutes in and you're one of the best commentators, and one of the most intelligent, on youtube.
Why is this in my recommended?
They also use coca leaf extract. Which does change the flavor a bit. (Not joking btw).
Bepsi
*sUgaR melTs?!?!?!?*
Instructions unclear, my cat is now flying.
Praise the algorithm! Subbed. High quality content man keep it up :)
Passion fruit crisis in Fallout changed Nuka Cola flavor
cola for antivaxxers
500 ml from a lemon ?!! No...it was a melon.
*Ew*
Caramel color and caffeine add bitterness, and you used neither (caramel color is not just a dye, it is a specific food additive- black food coloring does not taste the same).That's why the flavor wasn't the same.  The variant of caramel color used in colas is called 'soft drink caramel'.
Drug dealer was trying to find you he said your making a cocaine cola
What’s the point of spending all this time for mediocre coke when you can buy it at the store?
Instructions unclear my  spoon is now in my arm.
I feel like sprite is just Cola without the spice sauce
Instructions unclear, dick caught in the xbox
I have a much simpler and quicker method! 1. Go to corner store 2. Buy a cola
*_How did you know all these????????????_*
Whatsup with all the grams bitch are you a drug dealer?
Spicy lemonade
Of course the store-bought colas taste different because they use corn syrup as a sweetener instead of what you used
You should try doing it with cocaine,  like the original.
Bepis wants to know your location
40 euros? You sound american
You could have maybe gave us the original recipe too you know...
Your channel it's what I need waiting for
Your channel it's what I need waiting for
Oh, look. Something that essential oils *actually* help with.
Do the same for Um Bongo, please.
just buy flavorless soda, and put it in your juices... Done... Homemade Cola
Bruh that essential oil is like the cyanide of antivaxx kids
fucking amazing
Actually the whole "coke would be green without food coloring" is just an urban legend. It would be clear or very faintly tinted yellowish green like Sprite. The only real coloring in coke is caramel, which is brown.
Omg now I can see how it's possible to make the clear coca cola
no caffeine no thank you lol
Voice annoying an that looks toxic
Cola is an actual nut
Interesting, but its far cheaper, and easier to buy Coke in the stores.
So boring
Easier way. Jus buy a bottle of coke
I think I found my new favorite channel
This is the type of healthy soda we should be drinking. Anyways I'm glad someone else noticed that cola has a lemon taste to it!! Pepsi doesn't!
coke aint black
7x... 7up lol, you forgot the coca leaves
cocaine leaves?
A karamelja?!!!
Are you still alive?
You forgot kola.
coconut oil doesnt have coconut flavor?
hey, just so you're aware, kaffir is a slur in south africa and a lot of people are trying to get others to refer to kaffir limes as makrut limes instead
Awesome... kinda like brewing beer! But completely different
What about the kola nut?
Why am I watching this
maybe boil the ingrediants in the water? its how they make root beer...
this stuff is so interesting! Dont know how you've got only 7k subs
coca cola is make from coco leaves the stuff cocaine is made from. That is the main flavor. So this video is completely bs.
warren buffet put out a hit
y don’t u just.. buy urself some for like $2
500 ml from 1 lime THAT'S A BIG LIME MATE
Always thought cola was coca leaf, vanilla and cinnamon...
oorrr just buy normal cocacola lmao
vídeo foda
This seems super fun
What about Kola Nut?
The ceo of coke wants to hire you
I Want To Know Your Location
Awesome work... Wish you were in my feed day one.
“Broke down”
This explains why Mountain Dew  is called Citrus flavoured cola drink.
All it's missing now is some rum.
its like im making potions in skyrim lol
Why is the actual kola nut not used?
You forgot the aborted fetus parts.
Just buy coke it's cheaper
Why?!
Plot Twist: He’s the guy that makes the syrup for Coca Cola😂
Kola nut extract, vanilla extract, sugar, carbonated water- how REAL cola is made 😡😡😡
I thought coca cola had lavender in it.
sprayed pesticides in Orange
Franky approved.
tried  this yesterday with my son, fucking disgusting
I need to show my teachers this.
Hi im Coca Cola CEO and you have 3 days to delete this video or pay 1300000€
So cola is essentially a citrus flavored drink with sugar and a few spices added
All the recipes I've seen also have some vanilla in the "rest of the ingredients" part (not the 7x syrup.) So perhaps you might want to try that in your next experiment with it, if you haven't already.
You forgot the main ingredient - Cocaine
"It's a little thick, but the price is right!"
would poaching the "7x" mix in water not of achieved a similar end result and not require the alcohol? I'm just asking as I am a chef and I do quite often infuse either water or milk or wine for instances with herbs and spices by simmering them on low heat for a little while. which does extract the flavours quite well. From a culinary point of view, the only reason I might infuse oil with the herbs and spices is that the mix is more shelf stable and so will last longer than if I used say milk or water.
One? Lime? Is not? 500ml???!?
FBI wants your location.
You messed up one thing tho, they use caramel brown food coloring
did anyone see Howtobasic's version lol
i am drinking cola while watching it.
Uhmmmmm is this healthier lol
*Pepsi has left the chat*
Is this real?
So I looked neroli oil up online and apparently (manufacturer datasheet) it is quite toxic.  I apologize that the datasheet is in german, but it states in multiple places that you should not ingest it. http://sanabio.eu/images/PDF/sicherheitsdatenblatt/Nerolioel_MSDS_04.pdf
This is the wrong coke..:/
Youtube reccomendations they never dissapoint me..
5:29  i hear a weird voice say laaaa
The color is usually a dark brown not black. Great video though, I will check out the others
E S S E N T I A L O I L S
Or you could just buy it
I'm drinking Cola while watching this.
Hi, I didn't add the ice cubes, is that an issue?
Kola nuts have a very bitter earthy taste that certainly did really enhance the taste of coca cola when it was created. They contain cafein. They don't use it anymore in modern Coke, but they still put some decocained leaves' extract.
FBI wants your location
Could you do Doritos - Chilli Heatwave, please?  I dont know if you guys have this flavor in the US because I heard from some that they taste like "cardboard" but in the UK these are bursting with flavor because it has a difference manufacturing process.  Anyways I could send you a packet so you can try them for yourself. they are really good you'll never go back once you try them!
Came for the video, stayed for the comments.
I could see the dots
cool video nice u make cola that way had no clue! Btw what is up with the music? xD
So to figure out what Neroli is.
why not just make it into a flavored syrup, by adding the ingrediens directly to the sugar .. seems way easier
Amazes me that people still believe that coke was green. It was only the coke bottles back in the day that had iron in them, staining them a greenish hue.
This guy had a really hard time telling us that he used acohol
Funny how you can patent food/drinks. Or actually its not funny at all...
I thought cola is made from the Kola nut! You're saying it isn't?  And Coca in Coca-Cola is obviously referring to cocaine stripped off its drug content.
You do understand that cola seeds need to be boiled as well..zero cola seeds involved
I once ate an orange and my class went like SOMETHING SMELLS COLA
You can just buy it
You sound like the creator of Chowder
Instructions unclear, made sprite
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
That's an interesting recommendation Youtube! Great job!
too much work, just buy it, only 1 dollar
Now...can I use this as fuel for a robot?
Cooking own diabeties at home 😻 Thankyy
I thought it had lavender.
Does anyone who's tried this know if it's cheaper and as nice as coke?
Uh oh bro, you are about to become recommendations famous
You never know when moonshine will come handy
You should use glycerin instead of coconut oil... it also works as emulsifier..
*Sure, 90 thousand people watched the video and 0,00% in facy really tried to make this home.*
The dislikes are from Americans being confused about grams
doesn't Coke usually have some vanilla?
What up with the creepy sounds from 3:30
it's not worth it
You forgot to mix cocain
Very interesting video mate! Subscribed👍
Coca Cola Inc:  *_"SOMEONE INFILTRATED OUR VAULT!!"_*
Coke without coke is not coke
hello today i will show you the secret recipe of coca cola coca cola fbi: FBI OPEN UP
I naver seen a dry kaffir lime leaf in my country, i think it's pretty hard to find in western country? Btw nice recipe ❗
I've never had cola
Where's the COKE?
What do you mean by there is no cocaine???
You forgot the best ingredient     Bleach
Coca Cola's syrup is made using coke leaves... not that dried laurel ooking crap
there's no cola plant in cola?
But... Some countries do use Genuine Kola nut extract to make Cola.
Where is the cocaine
Where is the coke
W H I
you forgot to add the main ingredient - kola poop
You forgot the Aspartam.
you forgot coke caine
"Seerip"
I used Ethyl alcohol
i though this was how to make a cocaine
Ethanol isnt an emulsifying agent, its a cosolvent. Gomme arabic is a suspending agent.
Just         Buy coke
Yo there is this guy copy pasting shit about Chinotto it is not true since this recipe doesn't use koka nuts.
you need to slow down bro
or just buy coke.. it costs like 25 cents
Alcohol isn't an emulsifier...is a solubolizer.
He sounds like awesome Disney toys you know that Disney toy channel that did gummy bottles. Meh I was bored
how long can you store this syrup (refrigerated)? is there any easy way to extend that lifespan?
Or you could just buy some
Coka Cola*
FBI open up
Sounds like Morty
Cinnamon  Orange Lime All of the above  Cola
just buy the dam thing
Coca cola uses unprocesses cocaine leafs. They use the coco flavor extract from leaf. 🍃
The original 7x recipe called for coca leaves. For the flavour.
Can you also replicate Red Bull flavor? I've always liked the taste but not the caffeine side of it.
Or you just buy a coke.
Nice job, Dr. Stone.
CocaCola left the chat  😂😂😂
no one gonna talk about that creepy ass ambient noise that starts after around 3:30 ?
pepsi*
OK, so if you know how to make Cola, Who is the OTHER guy who knows how to make it, and how exactly do you make sure you're never in the same place as he is?
Or just buy it
Didntyou forgot the coca leaves? (no, they wont drug you) they are disgusting but i believe they are there in terms of flavour
Fbi want's to know your location
Now do homemade water
so no cocaine?
you forgot the cocaine
If there ain't cocaine in it, It ain't real cola.
What about the cocaine???
Coke ceo is crying in his bed rn
this is chinotto, not cola
You forgot to add tar
PLOT TWIST: It didn't work, he just put actual Cola into the cup and gave the fail to his dogs.
nice video! subscribed
I would like to see the break down chemically to see the substiutions, like a side by side. Other than that super informationional and well done.
U forgot the coca.
Finally, the taste makes sense now
Question, why use coconut oil as opposed to a vegetable oil?  You'd have less saturated fat at least, and it would be cheaper.  Also, for emulsification, did you consider soy lecithin?  I use it to emulsify oil and soymilk to make margarine (2/3 cup refined melted  coconut oil + 2/3 cup canola oil + 2/3 cup plain/unsweet soymilk + 1 tbsp miso + 1/2 tsp salt + 1 tsp nutritional yeast + 1/2 tsp lactic acid powder + 4 tsp soy lecithin, blended) to great success.  It's a lot easier to work with too.
But what if I don't have any white bread at home?
They will hunt you down lol
Look at the 10 most viewed videos in 2019 https://youtu.be/yqeBKOXkuM4
It's wrong, you forgot the cocaine!   *My CoUSin iS thE SaFE keePer in CoCA-CoLa COmpAny*  Edit: COCA(ine)-Cola~~
Flat soda
Looks like petrol
Total CLICKBAIT! You need Kola nuts to at least call this drink a Cola. The recipe you showed is very similar to that of CHINOTTO. It's an Italian drink made with a fruit similar to oranges, but bitter and sour in taste + sparkling water, orange and lemon juice, coffee, sugar cane etc. Chinotto's recipe was used also to create Fanta by Germany during WWII and then by Albania to make Aranxhata (OrangeJuice) during the totalitarian regime. Chinotto's taste actually has some very subtle elements that make you think of Coca Cola, because Colas probably use the Chinotto fruit (Neroli or Bitter Orange from your POV), sugar cane and lime peels.
you should have gotten some sugar cane stick 's and boild it down to make natural sugar to make it dark.
NEVER(!) stir sugar for caramelization, just let it melt on low heat, your chances of getting crystals in your caramel is way higher if your stir. Low heat and keep a look at it, when most of it is molten, then you can start stirring.
The taste of cola is made with the colaplant and not just a mixture of random stuff
Dr Pepper would also be nice to  be replicated
Do i need cocaine
Wow! That is interesting. I always understood that Coke--that is colas--had cola nut extract? Plus original Coke had an extract from coca leaves but it has not had for many years. One of my elderly relatives would never drink cola for fear of getting hooked on the coca.
This is voodoo lol
I would guess Pepsi has lavender, so if you want a more Pepsi flavor you could add a few drops of lavender essential oil
👌
(message from Coca-Cola) *STAY WHERE YOU ARE*
Does the final product contain all 75mL of coconut oil?
Its the caffeine... the caffiene is really what adds up to the punch... bdw how are you neutralising the original flavour of the soda?? Or do you put it straight in the mix??
Wow! nice video, thank you so much for the share!
Did you use rubbing alcohol or like a drinking alcohol? If so what kind? And you think you could mix this with water and put brewing yeast into it, to carbonate it?
Would coffee work for color and caffeine
For people of Countries who doesn't want alcohol and doesn't have access to Arabic gum can use vinegar  and honey as an emulsifying agent...
i dont want to waste money on the ingredients
Everyone enjoyed video, noone made
LOL you left out the Kola Nut... and depleted coca leaves which are super hard to find for some reason!
coca cola is made from essential oils?
Too much effort i’de rather just go to the store and buy some 😂
too much work
Weird music in the background. Sounds like 2 or 3 different tracks on top of each other. Distracting and unsettling
This is the real coca cola ingredient the real coca cola ingredient is secret :)
Step 1: go to a store Step 2: buy Coca-Cola Step 3: Drink it
I thought there was ginger in the recipe....
You don't need black food coloring because it's artificial and we need 100% natural black coloring, but you need molasses it's sweet and black
95% just watch the video and don't ever do this or come close to doing this in there entire life *Facts*
Nice video mate. Try to do fanta instead
why don't I go to the 7-11 to buy one?
*Pepsi wants to know your location*
You forgot the Kola nut you dense cabbage. Traditionally it was also made with Coca Leaves but due to the cocaine in them they were banned. The companies use special leaves the cocaine has been taken out of, only allowed by one company in the US, with the cocaine going to the only pharmaceutical company allowed to sell cocaine. This is usually accessible only by certain companies so, since this is homemade stuff, so you don't have to worry about that.
That's how Fanta was born. They couldn't get hold of the spices etc and ended up with a citurs only, drink.
Coca cola has left the chat
OMG it tastes so similar!!      Yeah right... you think I actually went through all that crap?!
finally cola syrup without artificial harmful sweeteners.. I'll have to try this out
I have never drank a cola and said, yum lemony
ya fucked it.
Awesome video. This may be a dumb question, but how did you get bubbles?
I enjoy your focus on experimenting with food. Made me a subscriber. Thumbs up.
Add citric acid and some salt for a more Coke effect
Really cool video! What did you use to filter the oil? Coffee filter?
Great video! Very well informed!
no ginger?
i used to believe they keep this recipe secret and only 2 people in the world know that and they won't even board the same plane in case of a crash. Thanks for the video mate!
The real tast comes from the Kola tree or kola nut.
thank you so much. Since, I do have essential oils, would you mind sharing how many ml of each? I d prefer to be able to keep a standard formula once i find what I like tastewise.
I'm wondering how the 7x could be used in distilling....hmmmm
When you made the oil base with coconut oil. How long did you boil it for?
There is some odd high pitch noise in your video. Not sure how noticeable it is to other users but I mistook it for my dog whining while using headphones.
Would it be worth it to make a batch of this compared to the price of buying a bunch of coca cola? Or is the price of ingredients kind of high? More of a one off?
Your voice is adorbes ^_^  Edit: Senpai has noticed me!!
loveee this video
music in background?
Very cool video! How did they add caffeine in the past? I'd like to try this, but definitely need my caffeine:-)>
You may want to try and add a little clove
Where's the mayonnaise???
The supermega boys warned you and you didn’t listen, mr coke is coming for you and all of us viewers, you fool
Can be broken* down.
Reduce sucrose and add high fructose corn syrup.
Is the base coffee not water? That's where the caffeine comes from.
Okay that was cool.
Did I miss the cola nuts? You had them but did you added them into the recipe
awesome scientific breakdown  👍
Great content as always, man!
