Peter?!
How do you get the black rubber sensor back in place
My wife wants to update the kitchen now that we have a new faucet.
I haven’t seen an episode where Richard closes the shut off valves and they leak like about every other time I do this type of job
What if the top sensor was buggy and detected you turning the water on, then didn't detect you trying to turn it off, or you just walked out of the room and forgot to shut it off? Does the top sensor keep the water turned on indefinitely or will it eventually automatically shut off? Can you manually move the handle into the "on" position and then back to "off" to override the sensor?
@4:39 So freaking funny when Richard said you dizzy yet. Lmao
Wonder how that monstrosity is working 7 years later. Rube Goldberg would be proud.🤪
I bet you, I could find you a faucet let’s start by getting rid of the old one? Maybe it’s just me, I’m not an old house experienced plumber, but usually I would buy the new faucet before I would remove the old one but that’s just me.🚰👨‍🔧
I like easy, beautiful non complicated faucets installation  This faucet is way complicated if it breaks it will cost lots of $$$ to repair
Things like a friggin computer
🚰😐
Can I control that with my smartphone ?
Do you have the links for all of these items used in the video?
Yeah your wife’s going to love it until you get the bill
that faucet already infuriates me. 5:00 see how the dangling head has no part to keep it taught to the arm of the faucet? that is BAD engineering.
shouldnt all wrenches be basin wrenches...? they seem so much more intuitive, you dont need as much lateral space to turn a bolt.
Great video
Imagine living in a country that turning on your faucet manually is too much work!?!?!
What a beautiful way of teaching. Thank you. 😊
Do not buy if you in Canada. Warranty are just 1 year and problem started after one year, after 2 years it started opening valve by itself. $700 faucet should last at least 10 years. Power supply should be provided and not batteries option which work only 1 month. I just checked how much is it (power adapter) and it's $150 !!!! Seriously? My worst experience with faucet.
Love this show , I remember growing up watching it in Chicago on Saturdays on channel 11
Easy to install, the explanation makes this video excellent!
Any tips on disconnecting hoses from the control box? I have Atlas Neo Sensor faucet and I can't pull the hoses out of the sockets no matter how hard I try (by hand).
When you use the motion sensor portion of this faucet how does it know when to use hot or cold water?
8:20
This man has no cats lol His water bill would be 1000 bucks if he did
my faucet is squealing! Why??????
Just bought it.  Looks very cool.  Can't wait to get it hooked up.
that typical customer hugging your legs while trying to work drives me nuts.
Kitchen faucet that needs plugged in?  No thanks I can turn it on myself
That guy is fake plumber. Why? Have ever seen plumber without crack? I haven't.
Do they make Battery operated faucet for Bathrooms sink's?
Ah good old sexism to start off a home repair video
Take something simple that works and unnecessarily complicate it.
Been using this faucet for 3years, worked well until a few weeks ago when the water would automatically turn itself On/Off! Replaced the batteries, same issue. 'Reset' the control box, same issue. Called Moen, and they are sending me a new control box,  no questions asked about proof of purchase or any other b.s.  Also, the 3 hole cover plate coating is already pretty worn out. Overall for the $120 I spent and service received from Moen I am satisfied, the touchless On/Off is a great feature(when it works) when you have your hands covered in food guck :)
I love how he goes 1 3 2 do you know your numbers?
Make sure the wedding dress is white.  The dish washer should always match the stove and refrigerator.  50 years later: The silver kitchen  will match her silver hair. Beautiful.
That is the kink of crap you put in when selling your house.
I installed one of these and it went reasonably well.... missing parts, but they have more things to break. They are finicky and Chinese. Buy a Delta. They are guaranteed for life and the parts are free as well. Peerless is the same.
Thanks for the good video. Your & my future Nightmare is predicted at 8:30  "That SHOULD shut off". In the future, as I leave my house for an important meeting, and I am running late, That faucet decides not to shut off.
She likes a little bit bigger ...
Freakin want that... Now....
Anyone watched TOH as a kid?
All dat
So you need power to have water. The technocratic world of “genius” junk. No thanks.
Looks like they have hard water wait till they find out how much it cost to fix that touchless faucet.
I had a customer who's cat learned to turn on of those on years ago. They said the cat would have running water all the time and ran up their water bill a little
how long do the batteries last?
Homeowner doesn't know how to change a faucet .. wow
I replaced mine and week later the handle broke off  Made in china junk.
So his wife should treat him very nice at night after instalation of this not cheap faucet just as a sign of appriciation !!
Nope nope nope..don’t like it.
Not impressed with the "in your face tech,"  Had enough of that.  Nothing but a money grab.  Revenue in engineering.  Not quality in engineering.  No one needs that crap.
Excellence on Richard's behalf !!!
Can we get Richard a new basin wrench? My god....
1:41: "...has a spring loaded jaw..." *pushes it back with his finger to make it return*
Hmmm...faucet.
It doesn't come with that "special" wrench. After trying to loosen the nut with my wrench, I gave up and went to the hardware store to look for one. Hope I can find one.
"i'd like something that'd match the look of the room" let me go back into the '50s to get that
That tool is cool when the nut wants to come lose
''It's all yours''
My wife loved it when I installed this Moen touchless faucet, and it was easier than I thought it would be. It sure wasn't cheap though.
Hello
Rube Goldberg would be proud!
Very clever tap, and one that plumbers love. It will keep them busy for years, coming back to fix it.   It won't be long though before the householder has it taken out.
*The touchless kitchen faucet installing process vide is very helpful and informative*
Oh my cats would love that type of faucet
Have no idea why people are still using football shaped shut off valves, I went through out entire house replaced them with quarter turn valves work great not having to worry bout them freezing up & leaking..
That faucet is like putting $3,000 worth of wheels/tires on an old junky Buick worth $1500 lol.  Faucet is WAY nicer than the rest of the ugly kitchen.  Although some white paint and knobs on the cabinets would help A LOT and not be all that expensive to do.
2:02
Looks like a bunch of B.S. just for water.
Most informative and helpful video
Thank you! Your video helped a ton with my install. Almost didn’t attempt it.
Handled faucets are better.
dougs sweat equity old brothers security debs new loyalty
richard trethewey   master plumber newbury worms way brewery
Wow I’m so thankful that you included the wiring (so to speak) of the control box. It got me real confused the other day, when I was reading about touchless kitchen faucet on this healthykitchen101 kitchen website. One question though, is that if the faucet is in touchless mode, you can only change the water temp on the box which is in the under-cabinet? That sounds kind of exhausting, doesn’t it? Hope I’m wrong about this. Anyway, thanks for the video. You’re a live-saver.
@7:04 you had one job
YIKES!  A fair amount of overly complicated components just waiting to break down. But I get it.  I call it gimmick marketing. Different and not necessarily better.
Hey Richard, I'm Richard too. I'm a Jamaican living in Jamaica and I love this skill so I went ahead and did level one (basic plumbing) with  the city and guilds. Now I'm certified and still want to continue until I get my diploma but I have to put in some work in the meantime to pay for those classes. So I get a few jobs here and there but most of the time I have to watch your videos to resolve the problems because I am not familiar with most of the plumbing fittings by name and looks. How can I learn more about these before going on the job?
The biggest problem isn't the faucet,  The whole kitchen is one.
"On second thought.....can you just fix the old faucet?..."
We looked for how to install a hands free faucet not how to uninstall a leaking faucet
She wanted something bigger.
this looks dangerous, what happends with when someone put it on the hot position and forgot too put it back too cold, and then a child trying too clean his hands and using the sensor..
It would be nice to not only wave your hands over it but it would be nice if you could speak to it and tell it what you want it to do? For example lets say you want the water to be hot all you have to do is say "Turn water to hot 5". The water would  have 10 spots on the hot and 10 spots on the cold. The faucet could be set so you could speak to it and let it know much water you want. For example you would just say "Drizzle Low Med High" etc. By giving your faucet the ability to be connected to a smart home device you can set it up so to know who is using it. When you vs someone else speaks it will recognize your voice and will set the temperature plus if you need to wash Vegetables the water will turn cold or when you want to wash something that requires hot water you just speak it into your faucet and/or you can connect it to your Alexa Dot or your Google Home etc. You could tell the faucet to turn off after you had to leave the room for something that couldn't wait. I think this would be nice. The only other thing I saw that I didn't like is the Battery is located near the back and if someone is in a wheelchair this would be near to impossible for the person to be able to change or charge this battery near the back out of reach. The battery is nice for back up but having the ability to have a continues power source or a way to mount the battery near the front so anyone can change the battery. Other than that I loved that faucet. It would be nice if the hose had a retractable spring so you can pull the hose out to where you want it and it would stay or you could pull it all the way out and let it retract on it's own.
I think Richard is more excited about that faucet than the homeowner.
This is a great faucet and allows you to fill without releasing a cup. Great for chefs, For all you sloppy, piggish, cheap and inconsiderate men, this faucet allows you to clean you dirty sloppy careless hands without getting dirt bacteria or grease on the faucet that your precious and thoughtful wife uses everyday to prep and cook the food you eat and dishes you dirty. If you don’t want to spend money to make life easier for her and more sanitary, wash your piggish hands in your tool shop sink. Don’t forget to change the batteries every 4-6 months
Nice install! No thanks to that faucet as it is just another way of over complicating something as simple as a faucet.
TERRIBLE instead of showing how the connections are done under the sink you guys try to fit both and we "This old house "followers miss the whole thing bad camera man today!
2:02 made me spit out my cereal 😂😂
I made a game from this show it is called   riches or ditches   1:Before the video starts make a bet with a friend  2:watch the video and judge the house like you mean it  3:if they look rich you win your friends bet but if you lose you threw your money into a ditch because this game is dumb.
With such a long and complicated system, it will take forever for hot water to come
Funny how the dishwashers pipe doesn't have a valve. In Finland it's required. Also we don't have that electric box anymore. Everything is inside the tap. https://www.oras.com/fi/tuotteet/oras-optima/product/2729F/
hoses, hoses everywhere, wires, wires everywhere, does it have a battery? Or does it have the mains? Do I like the stuff I see? Do I like medusa? Medusa just appeared on me, Cabinet is now medusa
As someone who's done this a few times, getting that camera angle 6:26 with proper lighting and focus is just impressive
Nice
TOH wanted a show about the touchless faucet. I bet Richard rolled his eyes when he found out what’s on tap.
Let's play a game every time Richard says good drink a beer
How do you unplug the water connections from the control panel? Can’t seem to get it off
Why make shit so complicated for a faucet really? Stick with the basics, fuck the junction box
"im sure we can find you a new faucet. lets start by getting rid of the old one."? fire this plumber!
mdf cabinets are the worst, any sign of water on them and they get ruined
How do you charge the battery pack?
The wife will like something a little bit bigger!!  :)
Yeah I could see my cat figuring out how to make the water come out and all night long you would hear the faucet going from on to off
Holy smokes!  I didn't know I needed this until now.  Home depot opens in 10 minutes.  See ya!
It's not worth buying, this faucet has at least 4 small aerators that easily get clogged and lose water pressure
This Great
First name over last name kill
It wouldve been funny if he said at 2:47 "now pull that faucet straight up and out and make sure you dont drop it on my balls". 😂
It's a tap not a faucet
i wish that i was a fully born aamerrican....
Why does the water need to go back for the hose its connected already like the faucet without the hose its the same right why need the water to go back pls answer me
and a year later the thing wont work this device is extremely pointless and shows how lazy the human population is getting
5:12 I don't have a water right seal on my plate and so the whole thing moves when I turn on and off my water. How can I secure it in place and make a water right seal? I'm going to check underneath for any loose screws.
So if I want just cold water or just hot water I have to turn the knob under the sink?
How is the battery installed? Is the battery rechargeable?  Was there an outlet?
Erik my sweet prince where art thou?
You don't need that. 450.bucks? Your not a doctor going into surgery.
It's definitely a TAP
that "special wrench" is the greatest tool ever made!
So do the home owners pay for the repair/equipment? Or does the show cover it? Because it seems like in a lot of cases, the people are going for the most expensive option they can...
@ 1:11 you can see that either the hot and cold were reversed, or someone installed the water line to the ice maker on the hot line.
Pure American craftsmanship
The home owner forgot to put the soap despencer gasket on. Can't get good help these days
what size drill bit did you use to drill the pilot hole to mount the control module?
This seems terribly over-engineered to me.
Where did you brought your Touchless Kitchen Faucet?
never knew that these were so complicated
What do you think of the new faucet? My wife will love it *wife comes home* I HATE IT! *guy comes back*
Best way to pass time in class
Good job
A mechanical show that actually doesn't revolve around interpersonal relationships and drama?  Holy cow!
They would be better off with a full renovation. What an ugly kitchen.
The faucet is the least of that kitchens problems
I love how these guys just get on to it !
Nice setup but im sure after a while changing the batteries will become annoying.
sold at  rona.ca for about 450$ aprox
your thumbnail looks like you are saluting the führer. 😱
Moen MotionSense VS Masco's Delta Touch₂O
I'd put that faucet in a kitchen makeover of our house before we sold it.  Have wished I could justify spending the money on the places I've lived in since.  I loved that you could need to wash dirty hands or rinse off a dirty dish and only need to reach under the faucet head.  It worked great for the 6-months or so that we had access to it before we moved out of the house.
The wife hates the shining faucet but is fine with that hideous stove
1st at 13 seconds after uploaded
