So the 1.5 Gal pot will be big enough for th3 full life cycle of the pepper plant?
Planting a pepper in a container today. Thanks!!
I know these videos are from a while ago! But thank you - after looking at other videos I seem to always come back to yours because they are so informative, and they are to the point.
Love your Videos! Thank YOU !!!!!!! Im buying the Trifecta plus NOW!
Just bought my first seedling, thank you for providing the information and getting me into gardening!
Is there a a better exsposer meaning  east or west sunlight?
How often should they be fertilized?
3:00
Great teacher!!!
Go exactly to the 5:01 mark. I like how he didn't notice that he picked up and set down the pot on a worm. Poor thing!
Yes I have a problem with pill bugs and ants and roaches in my raised garden what can I use to get rid of the bug
Trifecta + sold out :(
I can grow anything, but peppers. My Peppers are already 1/8 the size of everything else in the garden and look awful lol
Is it okay to use something to mulch around peppers in containers? I'm using grow bags and they dry out very quickly.
Can't buy Trifecta+. It's always SOLD OUT. So I guess that shows how great it is. For now, I'll be making my own, thankful he shows us how!  ABSOLUTELY love this channel!!
Thanks Luke!
I'm a second year grower. Have over 💯 peppers coming along. I don't know why exactly. I'm gonna find out.
Give the actual steps and stop ratchet jawing..I outta here.
Do you have any recommendation for a vegan replacement to Trifecta + (without blood/bone/feather meal)?
So is this an 8 inch pot or 10 inch?
Thanks :)
Did you say green sand?
It starts at  02:46  You're welcome.
Answered a lot of my questions and was very detailed. Love this channel definitely will start following
Does this apply to all varieties of peppers?
I live in Alabama we get 94-97 plus every day in the summer. I grow in pots because deer eat everything. Can I use a little less sunlight?
Migardner is always out of trifecta+ it seems
How often would you water with Epsom salts for any veg? Very informative video btw 👍
All the care and love we put into neutering these plants …. I’ll feel as though I’ll be committing murder when it comes to harvesting them! 😂😂😂
How do you apply the fertilizer? And how often do you fertilize? Do you ever have to change out the soil and put fresh soil in the pot?
If I put earthworms in my container will that be a good way to get the good bacteria?
I've just made it through the intro and I'm thinking "This guy is an EXCELLENT teacher. Like surely, there's teaching experience here." Great with words.
Thank you video as I get ready to plant here in the next hour or so!!
Can you plant jalapeño and bell together? 😳let me keep watching the rest, u already said ONE PLANT but I’m wondering can these 2 types grow in same pot… thnx
I use 90% soil plus 10% peat. Peppers aren't tomato's, they don't like being transplanted in successively larger containers.
"complete growing guide" yet he starts with an already well established plant. What happened between seed and where this video started?
I have a dumb question I want to start growing in pots due to I live in Florida a lot of hurricane and I don't want them to die if god forbidden we get one this year.....my question is, is the rain bad for herbs and vegetables? I feel dumb to even ask that  to the fact that people grow their things outside but like I said it's a hurricane season and it rains pretty much every day or every other day....
Thanks for the suggestions.  I have not had great success growing bell peppers here in Florida.  I know sunshine isn't the issue and I keep the soil moist and I've been using a mixture of regular potting soil marketed for vegetables along with mixing in composted cow manure and thought that would be enough.   Our soil is very high in lime content due to a combined fossilized coral and fossilized shells and it is very light tan in color and I do mix that in.  I'm not sure if I have a fungi issue or not but now I'm thinking maybe I should not remove the mushrooms that are constantly growing my the containers.   The easiest fix I think is to add Epson salts as I have five pounds of it on hand as I use it for medical purposes and it is cheap.  So I wills start with that and see if that makes a difference.  My peppers turn red when they are about an inch and  a half long though they taste fine that way.  In fact they are very flavorful they just never get very big.  My neighbor who is Mexican insists I need to hold back the water but if I don't water 5-6 times a week in the summer they just shrivel up and die.  Thanks again for the tips.
When growing peppers in a pot should I use one of those drainage plate things that the pot sits on
I'm excited.  I just planted jalapeno, Shishito, hot wax, Better Belle, and others.  Plus tomatoes including the Sweet 100 cherry tomatoes.  First plants I've had in years.   Idk if this is a good thing but I'm waiting 2 weeks before I apply time release fertilizer to make sure they are set in the pots.  Also had to use bird nets because the chipmunks were eating them all and I had to buy more.
as far as  insoluble fertilizers go, i have yet to find better then rainbow bloom pro mix and Natures pride veg. Bloom is the best stuff for flowering plants and natures pride veg  for leafs, or before flowering.  incredible stuff and encourage you to check it out and look what it's made from - microbial gold!  and no, it's NOT only for bud, but for food, flowers and everything else.
Mine in AZ in the valley are doing horrible under a 50 percent shade cloth. It's too hot here for them I guess 😭😭
With frost warnings into May I started my tomatoes this year indoors from seeds, then moved them to pots outdoors. I think I made a mistake in putting multiple seeds in the hole bcuz now I have two distinct main stalks in each pot, less than an inch apart. Wondering if I should cut off one so that crowding won't be an issue. Thoughts?
Were there holes in the bottom of the container?
You don't need cages?
5:03 poor worm got crushed
What is the fertilizer process. How often and how is actually done ?
I’m going to try planting for the first time and I’m going to start with a pepper in a pot.
Info starts at 2:46
I bought a bag of soil but when I opened it there was white stuff (I think it is mold). Is it still okay to use?
starts at 2:41
If I'm buying my soil from a garden store, what should I be looking for? Is potting mix enough, or do I need to add something to it?
Thank you
Can I use fresh jalapeño pepper seeds ?  Thanks
I just started growing veggies! I started easy by regrowing green onions and then grew radishes from seed! Now I’m ready to move up to some beautiful peppers 🌶
What kind of soil do you like? Is that just potting soil?
do you put drain holes in the bottom?
Does anybody have specific advice for overwintering peppers that are grown in containers year-round? Can you just bring them in or should you still cut back the foliage for the lower-sunlight months? (I’m zone 4)
The small age wessely deliver because windchime booly dress toward a cold thunderstorm. heartbreaking, super burglar
I've been watching quite a few videos on gardening now and you are my very favourite teacher. I live on the Gulf of Mexico and w/sandy soil. Please make sure to include needs we have round here.
Thoughts on using urine for fertilizer?
Hi. Thanks for this video. I watched it quite a lot last year and now I am back watching it again as I get ready for the gardening season. Last year I grew a few peppers in smaller pots(maybe the size you reco’d here) and a few other in 3 gallon pots. The ones in the 3 gallon pots were incredibly better. Huger, taller, way more fruit, better all-around. This year I am thinking of trying a 5 gallon pot. Would love to see a video on the difference in these type of plants (peppers and tomatoes) based on the size of the container.
Will I be able to find bone meal, blood meal, and green sand (I hope I got that right) all at my local nursery? They are common?
Started with lettuce now growing peppers thanks for the tips! 👌🏻
Is the container depth or diameter more important?
Nice video I will be starting mine.
Show us your harvest  please.
I have started growing my veggie n fruit garden but so nervous as they r growing...all about pest controlling, treatments...to save them from all unwelcome guests....I will b happy wen they start to give veggies...some veggie climbers, zuchini started flowering but none I have seen with female flowers...some r in zuchini but not seen in luffa climber...many flowers r flowering but all r male none r female...so I am bit nervous....
top water or bottom water
Thank you so much for this
Well I have listened th This video several times. What is the first meal you are saying?   Please
Thank you for the informative video. Can you give me the exact mixture for the home made mix you mentioned? I have Azomite at home. Not sure how much to add when used. Any tips is very helpful. Thank you
Thanks for the video. It’s my first year growing peppers and I was super happy with the result. My plants were producing lots of fruit and I was waiting for the peppers to turn from green to red.  A couple of weeks ago I started to notice some orange and black flies around the peppers but didn’t realize it was a problem until I saw more and after doing research, found out that they are called pepper maggots. When inspecting my peppers it seems the damage has already been done. A few of my peppers were rotten with maggots on the inside and most seem to have scars from the flies which means they already laid eggs inside. Is there anything I can do to save the peppers and get rid of the flies at this point or is it too late? Thanks!
Most helpful. If you would please, discuss the issues of growing plants in containers and achieving high yields
It’s you from Larry’s Orchid! I was wondering where have you gone to - glad to see you again in your own channel! 😄
Do u leave them out when it rains
@5:03 bye bye worm :(
I always have issues with my potted chili plants. After usually 2 harvests the plant leaves will one-by-on turn yellow and fall off. I give the plants balanced 14-14-14 fertilizer and I have not been able to solve this leaf drop. Any advises?
Thank you for the lesson.
What kind of mulch do you use?
Me looking for the comment that says ‘ who is here because of quarantine’
I’ve been growing mine in containers since this video first came out and yet here I am again coming back to the same video to remember things that were said. Thank you again!!!!!!!!
I water my containers everyday....is that too much??
Does this information apply to chilli peppers as well, like cayenne and Thai chillis?
HOW DO YOU PRUNE PEPPERS? ANY SPECIFIC WAY?
Thanks, Luke, for the information in a concise presentation; this is my 2nd or 3rd return to your video.  Just checking.
Useful information but please show plants video more than you sitting and talking continuously...
Any hints on growing peppers as perennials? Where I live my pepper plants continue to produce year round (obviously slower during the winter months). The plants eventually look rather lanky after a  while. Should I prune them back, repot them, or just let them be?
My pepper leaves are droopy and I can’t tell if I’m over watering or underwatering... I don’t know what to do
I have 15 gallon grow bags and planted two in a bag, I hope that isn’t to much?
I had such puny pepper plants last year in my raised bed. Your videos have helped a lot with me starting over this year. My plants are looking better this spring and I'm trying Bell peppers again, but in a container this time. Thanks!
also my tomatillos are sprouting. theyre the purple variety. one day i'll have a giant container with green and purple varieties and it'll be a forest of tomatillos
when i type this coment i have four species of peppers growing, next thursday i plan to add a couple more species
So much immaculate yet useless grass ... *Newsflash the 19th century is over* stop obsessing over lawns
3 minutes in, still no info. blabber. bye
Way too much blah blah blah sorry I just wanted to know how to start the seeds and get a normal soil instead of all the elaborate stuff. But thanks for the effort you put into making the video
You ain't talk about the soil!!!🤷‍♀️
Get on with it......no one wants to listen to you babble on.
🤨it’s not complicated dude. But you’re making it annoying...get to the nitty gritty already.
Love your videos! Keep up the good work. I’m a newbie gardener who is afraid to fail. Lol I would love if we could purchase your fertilizer here in Canada. Anyway of getting it on amazon.ca for example?
How much is "some eggs shells"? Should I crush up maybe 4 egg shells for that size pot?
great video, thanks
How much trifecta should you use per pepper plant?
you know he's good when it takes him less than five seconds to plant it
you're long-winded
What do you do at the end of the growing season?  Yank it out and start over again next year?
I just watched a pepper video from this channel that said only 4-6 hrs of direct sunlight for peppers and more will stress the plant. Here it says at least 6 and more is ok. So, which one?  :-)
Every time I have tried to go on your website it said problem occurred or site needs watering where can I find trifecta
Do you have a discord for all your followers and gardeners?
Quick question. We are going to grow our peppers in containers this year, and have two very sunny places to choose from, both with a minimum of eight hours of full sun a day. One is next to our greenhouse and the other in a 3 ft. square space between our above ground strawberry boxes (six of them, which are also 3 ft. square). We prefer between the strawberries, but are wondering about compatibility. Which do you recommend?
What is that beautiful tree behind you ? I've asked at Lows, Home depot, and Aca Hardware for green sand. Specifically builders green sand. None of them carry it. Where do you get it? Oh I have a large bag of your Trifecta  I bought a few years ago and I love it! I tend to use it when I plant something, or add some when putting a new raised bed together, dependent on the compost we get. The last stuff we got was high in chicken manure and is stinky stuff and very sandy! I typically add peat, pearlit, aged cow manure and trifecta.
What about pruning?
I just wanted to know do you know of any good grow lights 4 peppers because I'm not able to give my Peppers full sun
Thank you for this video! Hello from Canada :) Stay safe and keep gardening! Liked and subcribed!
Great tips man thanks 👌
I like this
Is it okay to put a pepper plant (chile) in the same pot as a tomato plant?
I've thought of drilling circles outside of a two liter coke bottle and growing multiple peppers in them like you would in a strawberry planter
I love how quickly the jalapeno seeds from his site germinated. Definitely will get more seeds in the future.
Hi there!   Thank you so much for doing this amazing series. :) My finance and I live in Indianapolis, IN and have recently decided to start a little urban garden on our balcony.   I watched your "easiest plants to start for beginners" video and ended up choosing peppers, spinach, chives, tomato, and lavender. I have most all of the materials we need (starting from seed) but after watching this video and your "mistakes that gardeners make starting from seed indoors" video—I wonder if we should just wait to plant the seeds until it is warmer and put them directly into the 12" plastic pot that I got for the plant. We are very lucky to have our balcony and large glass doors to the balcony facing south, but we have no grow light.   What would your suggestion be?   THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL THAT YOU DO HERE ON YOUTUBE :)
Hi Luke,  I've been following you for a few months now.  New to your channel.  I have two red pear tomato plants and a California wonder that I've grown from seed.  My first plants! You've helped me tons! Thanks for what you do.  I also received the trifecta plus ...Is it too soon to add it since they are still tiny plants?
marry me and teach me how to grow food pls
I know that this was made in 2016 but I’m still going to ask a question for anyone to answer. I want to grow some of my peppers inside all year around, is that possible? Do I need to know another to keep them alive and well? Will a plant growing light work as “sunlight” during winter when not much sun gets through my windows?
If you look up Wyoming suicides you will find that we have the highest rate in the country, and as a now basically over teenager, I remember people would ask me how I was just so joyous and nice and grounded all the time and I can say it was God and having and maintaining a garden, and most people look at me like I’m nuts when I tell them I garden and love growing my own vegetables and herbs and there truly is nothing like the feeling of having beautiful plants that produce beautiful healthful fruits
All my pepper plants produced poorly in Louisiana zone 8 last year with June to Sept 100 degree temp in full sunlight.   I'm trying all your good advice with containers this year with less (alot less) sunlight.  Enjoy your videos soooo much!
What is the depth and diameter of the 1.5 gallon pot?
Also, I have 3 tomato plants in a 5gallon fabric planter, i ended up with more plants than I antecipated (growing them feom seeds), i feel bad throwing some away and dont have planters for all of them. Is there any chance they'll thrive or not even worth the effort bc 3 is too many? Its my first time, learning as I go, and plucking some out hurts... lol
Im thinking of sowing pepper seeds now in So Florida. What can I do to make sure tbey'll survive Summer?
Okay ordered jalapeno seeds from his website after failing to germinate jalapenos from store bought ones. Glad to know I needed seeds from ripe peppers.
Home made, freshly baked banana peels. Who knew.
this dudes grass is like......perfect
You reference green sand a lot.  I've never heard of that, what is it?
skip to 2:44
Is a one gallon fine??
Iam grow celery in a big pot.
Great video and channel, thank you
Dude 3 min intro for 11 min video geeeeezus
Very inspirational and good video. What is  the name of your  country where do all the awesome farming.
I found this year that tossing in some Hollytone helps grow better and bigger scotch bonnets and shishito peppers.  Will be adding it in my pepper soil mix as well as to my lettuce and cabbages from now on.
A&W add trying to make me care about womens soccer or something. Aint gunna happen
Thank you I learned alot about growing peppers
man i bet you can grow some dank cannabis
I am trying a Bell Pepper plant for my very first time , and it looks good so far, just need to transplant it into a bigger container now. So glad I found a gardener that lives here in Michigan like me and has great videos to help others. Thank you so much. Wish I could post a picture of how my first one is doing. I did take extremely good notes Luke, and I will now be typing it all up to save for next year. Question...Can peppers be grown indoors during the winter if they have full sun?
What’s the npk?
So far, one of my fave vids of yours! Ive learned to do so much in my garden just from watching your content! I have an ongoing issue with japanese beetle larvae eating at the roots of my bell peppers.. I have an abundance of seeds and consequently, plenty of chances to try but those bugs are such a nuisance! Any tips on how to prevent them?
so well explained, one quick question so for my peppers and tomato their flowers are not sustaining.. i can see lots of flowers for both of my plants after some time they are not sustaining ..please advice...
Growing Cayenne right now and this was a very good guide. Can’t wait to make some pepper mash hot sauce! 🔥
Hi,  I pruned my pepper plants; some started new shoots, but on some plants the nodes showed hope but disappeared.  Not sure if these plants will make it.  Any suggestions?
Hey Luke, what's your knowledge on if chemicals from the plastic from containers?   Would or should I say do those chemicals seep into the soil and plants thus making my All Organic Garden Non-Organic?   I have tried a generic brand of Smart Pots but I'm not loving them.   Especially the Larger ones that cannot be moved (25 gallons) for example.
How often and how much should you fertilizer container peppers with trifecta plus?
Can u tell me what to do I am trying to grow peppers with no good luck I use potting soil in container but they don't grow they just sit and do nothing
I was growing my own bell peppers (from seeds)  and for a while they were doing good.  However, once they reached 7-8 inches tall they just all of a sudden shriveled up.  Thoughts?
My little pepper plant does better in less sun. The more shade the better... not sure why.
Well this guy is great! Love the advice!
Is it OK to water everyday
10 min video with 3 minutes of information on peppers
The most important thing I learn about growing peppers in Minnesota is night. time temperatures . Resist the urge to transplant until nighttime temperatures are forecasted to be 60 ish for 3-4 consecutive days. Usually late may early june.
Thanks for the video! Can you plant bell peppers with lavender if the pot is big enough?
No spacing information for bigger pots, etc.
Thank you
I made a video looking for some input from y'all pepperheads. Please comment on what pepper grows in abundance up here in the north that will mature before the frost. Any input is appreciated 👍  https://youtu.be/odznMKyB2Rw
Hi Can i ask a silly question do peppers turn from green to yellow to  red  when there ripeing off or is it down too the seed you use
I value the generosity of this man to be willing to help others grow great plants. I also learn from the comments section of experienced gardeners adding their methods. What I really don’t like reading is the childish people complaining about the smallest details of this video. Go find the video that you think is perfect and spare us your petty destructive comments.
I'm growing mostly in containers (5 gallon buckets) due to no raised beds. Although I  do have an ongoing plan to build one bed a year.
My tomatoes are doing great and its pot is next to my peppers pot which arent doing as great, they haven’t grown as big as the tomatoes, thank you!!
You can find the add for Trifecta plus, but you are out of stock! Been on a waiting list for over 2 weeks. Guess I won't use it in my garden this year!
Great video. And what a lovely green lawn. Do you have a video on lawn growing or maintenance? Also, how many years/seasons does a pepper plant last. Mine is on the 2nd year/season, and it's not in a pot. I read about crop rotation, do I need to take them out and replant in a different patch, or will they be fine?
Thank you!
Is it possible to over fertilize? If so what happens to the plant?
Hey man was just wondering if you could do a video on indoor gardening for growing strawberries in a container and maybe also about the diseases associated with them and how to help cure those diseases?
I live in south Texas where triple digits can be over 100 days a year (growing season).  Any special recommendations?  How much Trifecta would I need for a dozen 1.5 gallon containers and bedding plants?  I have a friend that owns a greenhouse so I don't need to start from seed.
Where do you use your worm castings? Do you put them into containers?
May I know what’s the source of the blood meal in the trifecta on your website please?
How much fertilizer?
I have a pepper in a container like this and it has seven smaller sweet chocolate peppers on it. Does anyone know if I should a cut a couple of the smaller ones off to help the bigger ones grow or just leave it. I’ve never had this problem Before! I don’t know if this is considered a problem!
An informative video. It helped me learn the easy ways to maintain a pepper plant. Thank you or sharing,,:)
Can you bonsai a pepper plant? My neighbor says you need a very big pot for the peppers, but I don’t want to lug around a huge pepper plant.
from the seeds man, from the seeds
Hello, I just watched your video. I live in Liberia Costa Rica where we get some rains but mostly its dry, thankfully it's the rainy season and I have my seedlings growing.  My question is, I am a little short on money and I have gone through every store and have not found any Epsom salt here, another thing is, the store I have found pots and soil at only have fertilizers that say 0-0-1 and I dont think that's quite enough for my peppers. I am growing hatch chile peppers and I cannot for the life of me find what I need. I also live in an apartment and am unable to have my own compost. It's frustrating. I have a few seeds I brought from the united states and I am afraid that they will not grow enough for me to be able to keep them going. Help!
I tried 3 times and got beautiful plants, but then when the flower started growing got some sort of fungus and flies, not sure that proper name... and ruined all. what should  i do... i live in Florida is hot and humid all year around
So you have them growing in the pots.  At what point do you start fertilizing?
How come my pepper plants pretty much die when I give them full sun???? Any more than 4 hours and all the leaves just die
Wasted the first three minutes with pointless waffle
Hello Luke. I bought a bell pepper plant from a big box store. It didn't look too well when I bought it, and but it was the best looking of the rest. Only thing is, the leaves began to fall off the day after I brought it home. I gave it some fish liquid and have had it about a week and now the new peppers are falling off. What's going on, what do I do?
Thank you. That was very helpful.
Because peppers are nightshades, you can actually bury at least half of the plant under the soil and it will root from the stem. You can do this with tomatoes as well. I typically bury about two-thirds of the plant for peppers and tomatoes. Peppers also love to be extremely aggressively pruned so when I plant them, I pull most of their leaves off. It forces them to focus on roots before fruits. Peppers are the thing we grow the most so we learn something new every year.
What do you think about osmocote: flower and vegetable as a fertilizer?
Hey I love in a place where the winter doesn't go below 50 degrees. My town is the biggest agricultural town in the US, growing year round because i literally live in the sunniest town on the planet im not joking at all. I wish i was. could I grow summer plants in the winter here?
Regarding fertilizing, is it done immediately upon planting in the pot? Mixed with the entire amount of soil or on top of it?  How much of the trifecta plus?  Only once during the season?
This video and the 8 other videos from migardener would have been wonderful if you could only HEAR them.
Great informative video.  I just started gardening and I put 4 pepper plants in a small container window container.  Only one plant is thriving but now I know why.  They are definitely not 11 inches apart... Subscribing now:)
Have you ever used rhizotonic or cannazym in your garden?
What lettuce variety did you use for your high intensity pot? I tried it and failed and I'm assuming it's because I have a different kind than you used. Thanks!
just ordered your fertilizer.. i truly support what you're doing.
I'll tell you all the ingredients except the special ingredient. That you could source yourself Hahahahahaha
Good video..thanks
Newbie gardener here:  I absolutely 'get' the pride and health benefits of freshly harvested veggies.  But, dayum, this is an expensive hobby when compared to buying produce at the grocery store.  Sure, spread out over time, some of my durable purchases witll equal out over time.  But, like any hobby I've ever gotten involved with, the urge to SPEND on shiny objects is great.
hey i need help im a first time grower and im feeling very sad. i germinated some jalepno seeds using the papet towel method got great succes. then i planted them in a seeding tray and did bottom watering. as soon as i got the first leaves (not true leaveS) i transplanted them into glasses ans kept them beside the window. thats went my plants started wilting. i live by the sea and the weather here is hot and humid all around the year. my question is did i transplant two early ? also if my stems are fine and only the first leaves havr wilted will the true leaves still come.out ?
hey i need help im a first time grower and im feeling very sad. i germinated some jalepno seeds using the papet towel method got great succes. then i planted them in a seeding tray and did bottom watering. as soon as i got the first leaves (not true leaveS) i transplanted them into glasses ans kept them beside the window. thats went my plants started wilting. i live by the sea and the weather here is hot and humid all around the year. my question is did i transplant two early ? also if my stems are fine and only the first leaves havr wilted will the true leaves still come.out ?
How was the potting mix/soil  made? Thanks in advance!
thanks for video very helpful
how often should you fertilize pepper plants??
What is green stand? I didn't get that part of your fertilizer formula. Thanks!
My plant's, a sweet bell pepper, leaves are becoming lighter in color around the bottom and dark at the top. The lighter ones are also starting to fall off. Am I doing something wrong?
How often should I add fertilizer?
So much information ... Thank you!
No perlite?
Should you pinch them, to grow bushery
POBLANOS STUFFED WITH CHIPOTLE TURKEY CHILI RECIPE - try this with your poblanos! great.
should i top the peppers ? or is that a myth ? if so when do you do it ?
5:03 hello mr worm
That soil was beautiful, what was it ?
Hey I’m growing peppers in Florida should I change anything because I’m guessing you live in Michigan
Subbed :)
I'm growing peppers indoors, what specific grow light(s) will I need?
Does this just go for sweet to mild spice peppers like Jalapeño and green bell peppers or all peppers from bell peppers up to Carolina Reapers?
Looooooooong intro, then a sales pitch.
hello, maj fan here!  what are ur thoughts on growing shishito peppers in an aerogarden?  i just order both and am hoping i can do well with them.  appreciate any thoughts.  regards, dee
I am so glad I found you. Your video was AWESOME. I'm new at this planting in pots and I just started to feel overwhelm. My porch started to be to feel up because I didn't want them to get too much of the hot sun. I live in the Caribbean. Thank you again
I's say you soil is too soilly. Add some coarse sand and organic matter.
Bout to order some Trifecta plus .....good video
Hi Luke, thanks for your vídeos, love them. Please tell me the website where i could buy the fertizer, thanks
Thank you so much for the info!
Brother and I have Garden Patch boxes which have a water reservoir underneath. We use the plant food medium purchased from the company but are getting blossom end rot on enough peppers to be concerned. Your video is very helpful. We will use your content to evaluate what we are doing or not doing. Thanks!
I wonder what's in that blue container
can I use a seaweed product?
Can you put the type of soil you use?
I love your channel =)
Hi I've always tried to grow peppers but had no luck. What I want to know is if you grow them from seeds or you buy them from the store. Thanks
I'm finally starting to grow my own vegetables and I'm so excited.
what is green sand and how often do I fertilize the pot?  thank you
The actual video starts at 2:50
I like watching his video not only very informative but also his very good looking.
Every year I try to grow bell peppers and they always are very small and thin, barely edible. What should I do to make them bigger and plumper?
would a 3 gallon pot be good for each pepper plant???
can you use coffee grounds?
thanks for the video man ive just gotten into growing peppers cause I love to stuff them with tuna and cottage cheese but bell peppers are SO EXPENSIVE these days.
Talk to much get to the point.
Thank you , thank you, for making such an easy to follow video. This is going to help me understand what's going on with my peppers, and also produce a healthy harvest. Mona
I'm growing snacking peppers and I have two plants in a big planter. should I move them to different pots?
Hi great video,but I did not see an answer to weather or not you place holes in the bottom of your plastic pots or break up some terra cotta pots and place shards on bottom?
Does your containers for the  peppers have holes in the bottom? I didnt hear you mention it I have ceramic pots will that make a difference? I was thinking I may need to put some rocks are broken up brick at the bottom
Love these videos! Would love if you made more of these. They're so helpful
I like you thanks for this awesome video cutie. :)
my greenpepper plant stays the same I plant it in January 2017 my jalapeño and my habanero plants are doing great
I live in a tropical climate and it's 90 degrees F or 32 C everyday  no winters or autumn or Spring, it's so hot that I can't sit in the sun like you're doing in the video.   My pepper plants wilt when they are 2 hours in direct sun   Can I put them in filtered sun?
The birds are starving
Yes, the sense of pride when you grow things yourself. The motivation and being eager to get up in the mornings to see how the plants are doing and the great therapy that keeps one from depression.The only therapies that are equal to being a gardener are prayer and listening to music. Thank you I am growing some peppers in containers.
This container gardening video was so very helpful. Getting ready to start my peppers and tomatoes. I'm really hoping they will do well. Thanks
Thank you
What causes bell peppers to rapidly grow overnight, thin out, and not produce any fruit? Do you need to prune them?
Ok I love you
This year you should grow strawberries and blueberries in containers.  It is something I have been wanting to do.  I already ordered a top hat blueberry since it is a dwarf variety thought it may do well in a container.  I have lots of deck space with good sun. I only have a small space for my garden and one side of my house in almost full shade.  This year I am experimenting with the shady side to see what will grow there successfully.
how long does a plant survive?
Thanks for the fertilizer recipe! I have watched many of your videos searching for it and I just watched 2 back to back and you gave the recipe, Go figure. But thanks a bunch. You are a tremendous blessing to my gardening journey!
Hey! Was searching your channel for a pepper/capsicum seed raising video but I'm not sure you have one. I was wondering if you have any insight on my issue. I start seeds in seed raising mix in small containers on my windowsill and usually have great success. After seeing your pepper haul this year I was inspired and planted up 32 seeds from a 7 variety mix. It has been 4 weeks now and I only have 6 pepper seedlings. They are watered regularly, get about 6 hours of filtered morning sun and it's been about 30 degrees Celsius in Australia at the moment. Have you had problems in the past? Or is there something I have done wrong? Thanks! Love all the videos, such an inspiration to all us Gardeners out here!
I always enjoy & learn something from all the Migardener videos... This tutorial on Peppers is one of the best for me, as I have limited space here in South Florida, and do all Container growing.. As others who do the same, I'm sure they can testify it presents a little more attention & vigilance than growing in raised bed or directly in the ground.. Nutrients and other beneficial elements tends to wash out of the soil containers much quicker..
Thank you for this. I took my bell pepper from my raised bed into a container in hopes of overwintering. Beyond that, I have a feeling I will keep it in the container!
Hi Luke, I have up to 20-25 new blossom per pepper plant... this is a second season for those plants and last spring there were about 7-9 per plant. Should I remove some of the blossoms? I have no clue how that happened because the soil is pretty old and I already picked peppers off these plants. The peppers are sweet California orange, kellog patio plus organic potting mix, 1.5 gallon containers. I used the organic Dr. Earth fertilizer back in March during my first grow season but nothing sense. Thank you in advance!
I am attaching the plant to a stick because it is growing very much lol .. Do you think this can harm it in some way?
I have 19 containers of tomatoes, only been able to get 2 ALL others end rot, have been spraying Tums and Epsom salt for about 3 months, skipping Epsom salt to once every 3/4 weeks. Splitting has stopped but end rot has NOT. Even bought meter to test moisture and pH. I've given up I'll continue to water when needed and spray every night. ANYTHING, thanks.
That's great to know... especially with tomatoes (and I've seen it). The soil wasn't lacking, but the lack in water uptake (ESPECIALLY in early transfer stages) produced upwards growing, but no leaf or fruit development. I measured it, and it seems like deep root moisture is fine for height growth, but if the plant isn't fully "satisfied", the fruit production itself is lacking.
I spotted a nimble navigator bottom right in the cart.  I grow hots in 3 gallon and sweets in 4 gallon. By end of season they are just becoming root bound, so it's the perfect size for me. One of my chilli plants has survived winter uncovered on the balcony.
I have a pepper in a raised bed question, I have some yellow bell peppers planted they were doing fine but all the sudden I noticed my leaves are really shriveled on the new leaf growth , and the plant seems to be stunted in height also, my yellow bells that r growing look shriveled and a little discolored. I had a Corno di Giallo plant doing the same thing so I pulled it up. there were alot of white larvae in the planting holes. I'm not seeing aphids on the plants at all, and I have sprayed insecticidal soap and neem in the past, is it possible these r root aphids? thanks
I can never get my red peppers to rippen on the plant :( help please?
Well Done. You ALWAYS give us the extra background and insight to do well growing Anything!  Best to ya
What kind of tree is that behind you in this video? Its very beautiful.
Excellent video and you're absolutely right, it's so satisfying to grow your own peppers :-)
Hey great video. I have been trying to buy seeds from the store and very time I put something in my cart I look at my cart and there is nothing in there do u know what I could be doing wrong?
Excellent information Luke. My 1 question has to do with a specific pepper. Have you grown Anaheim Peppers? If so, do I leave them to turn red on the plant or are these meant to be a green colored pepper? I haven't any idea on these ones. Bought it as a small plant and have it in a pot. The pepper is doing very well, produced 2 so far, with lots of blossoms on it. Looking forward to good peppers off of this one plant. 🌾 Green Blessings 🌿
Very nice idea , good job I love grow in a pot too and nice video.
Where would you buy calcium for tomatoes?
I've been using the crushed Tums for calcium on my tomato plants and the blossom end rot is not showing on the newer tomatoes. Also using it on my peppers. Thanks Luke!
Your intro is too boring and too long (11seconds). I guess if it was 3-4seconds long, it would be ok.
Awesome update thank you for sharing have a blessed day
are you taking coke ? You are totally sounding like a crazy man Luke.lol you are starting to sound like a salesman for Trifecta plus..
a little late in the year to be starting peppers isn't it
Your pepper seedlings look so healthy! I didn't know you can go as small as 1.5 gallon...i use 3 gallon for 1 pepper plant but this is mostly because I can't keep a small container from drying up. It gets so hot! I just feed my plants some fish emulsion. That stuff is stinky!!
Thanks for the tips. They do seem like a great plant for containers.  Most of what's I  containers will be in the ground next year.
I need help my plants need a fertilizer but I don't want to use it what can I do
Is there a follow up video
Can you help me? I have beautiful plants but there is not a bloom on any of them. What am I doing wrong?
As always, great information.  Thanks Luke :)
How do we know we're not over fertilizing and if the sun is too harsh for container plants (like peppers)?
"Break information down in tiny digestable bites one bit at a time..." LOVE this tip.   Super helpful for overwhelmed learner like me who crammed everything about gardening from soil to seeds to site selection to watering to caring to pest control to harvest to amendments and more tips.   THANK YOU for making videos informational, helpful and fun.
Ty for all the questions I've had n this one video. I'm a 1st time gardener. My pepper plant was doing real gud @ first but her peppers stopped growing n her stem turned brown as did some of my tomato plants. Now I knw y
did you say green sand? bloodmeal, bonemeal, +greensand+ ,crushed eggshells and roasted and crushed banana skins. I've found your saving tomato seeds video invaluable, I've got soo many tomatoes , I'm roasting em in an earth oven, like a chunky soup base, with loads of garlic, an onion and some basil. the Smokey flavour is highly addictive lol
Good tip on leaf curl
No what I mean is when I grow jalapeños they aren't the same as in the store
Thank you. I didn't know you could grow peppers in pots. I am definitely going to try this. I have questions that isn't related to peppers. If you could advise me. I grew potatoes in containers this year. The soil I used to grow the potatoes in, can I reuse it to grow more potatoes or use it in any other applications in my garden? I appreciate your Pepper video and any information in regards to the soil I grew my potatoes in. Thank you very much.
Can you link the place to buy the fertilizer
usually when I grow peppers they aren't hot
can you show us how to grow peppers and make them hot
