If you like Mustangs, here's my quick build of the RAF Version from Airfix: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLqHq-Dszko
This looks like a very elongated, slightly off version of a P-51D mustang, did this particular plane look like that or is it just bad moulding?
don't get me wrong...but you have to model it heavily. here lies the beauty of that old kit
I find this particular kit to be the worst, poorest detailed kit in 1/72 of this aircraft.  The prop spinner and droptanks are massively oversized, and the vertical tail is completely wrong.  I've avoided getting this kit. Incidently, the company name, Revell, is taken from the French word "reveille", and is pronounced "rev-ELL".  The Revell family name is pronounced "REV-ell".  There is no connection between the two, though our family did come over from France during the 1066 invasion.  😎
Is this a good kit I ordered it and still don’t have it yet
You've done a very good job with what you had.
Revell are my least favourite model kits. New airfix moulds are very good but tamiya are the best.
*hm yes it had my name in it*   dope doe
It's an ancient Revell moulding. I was wondering if it was the really nice old Matchbox P-51, by seeing if the elegant pilot figure was there - but it's the somewhat squat pilot figure I remember Revell using in the 1970's.
Love the old kits ,new kits suck today too many parts and no pilots plus no imagination any more
Sept 10th 2020... I had this kit in 1972...it came with a JAPANESE HAYATE... back in the early 70s REVELL released a series of kits called FLYING DUESES... MUSTANG/ HAYATE...WILDCAT/ZERO...SPITFIRE/ME 262...TEMPEST/ME 109... they’re considered collector kits now...great box art simple decals...they sold for 1.00$ US...still a good kit...you always do a great job
Only thing you can use from this kit are the decals.
Revell has no shame at all to sell such awful kit while we have waaaaay better ones at same prize
I got this kit, and holy crap is was so bad, I ended up getting so annoyed I didn't even include the cockpit because even after sanding a lot it wouldn't fit
I had this kit but when I opened it up and had a close look, I saw it was atrocious, the worst kit I have ever seen. I even wrote to Revell to complain. For a cheap but really great model you should check out the Italieri 1/72 P45.
I had this kit , way back in 1970  1972. Came in a combo kit with a HAYATE. Great little kit , fighting dueses was the name on
I'm currently building this kit and it is so badly moulded. The parts don't fit due to being misshaped or just being too small, there is a ton of flashing all over the kit, and there's not much detail. Granted it is a cheap kit, but still it's far from great.
Hi I have just bought one of these as well as a tamiya one . Why do they not have pilots and an option to close the rear wheel opening.
Recently baught one and plan on rectifying it e.g cutting out flaps reshaping landinggear and the works
This is how we used to build them with cement and paint brushes with real emamel paint,basic model building to satisfy yourself and not others,I like the bold approach for total fun as opposed to immaculate air brushed finishes,each to their own but get a good paintbrush and good results can be achieved,the only thing I would have done would be to rub down the join lines and touch up the paintwork while you have the exact shade available,please take my comments as being in the spirit of model building and not just for criticism. it is just we all build in a different way.
gosh this kit is soo inaccurate 😂. built one myself about 2 years ago when I didn't know what was what with modelling. ended up doing a crashed German captured one
Thanks for the review. It looks good!
i have made revell kits for many years. every kit has been ok. my first plane was this mustang. (i like the bf109, spitfire mk5, hurricane mk2c made by revell) (they are easy and cheap) but this mustang (i bought it again) and it had fitting issues with me getting the pilot and stuff to the plane but once i removed the tabs (and put a ton of glue) it was ok. i didnt remember that this kit is hard, i have nearly built the mustang and to be honest i expected the same great detail that is on those 3 planes that i like, but the pilot kinda replased the missing detail and the joystick. also i kinda messed up with the propeller (the piece you put into it, not the blades) ( i hitted it a little bit too hard trying to get it in but its an easy fix) Nice video!
The mould is from the 60’s I did some digging just a rebox for some quick money
How about picking up a hasewaga sd kfz 234/2 one day?
Great work! Color, acrylic or enamel?
Looks great for the price,I'm subscribing,cheers
Awesome again!! Is a very good extra when you give some information of the Aircraft 👍🏼
disaster ....
How much is it
Wow! They still make tube glue? Considering the tools you had on hand, the project turned out very well!
U didn't thin the paint at all leaving heavy brush strokes in the model
Im about to get a Revell P-51D mustang or a B-25 :) nice painting techniques. I never thought in paint the parts in that way.
Do you recommend it for beginners in modeling, I have only done two other NEWRAY brand models which are just screw and snap in?
you sound like Jazza
i build model kits but i never put the decals on or paint them
I haven't built a model since I was little. This makes me want to get one as a project for my and my daughter to do. Nice video, keep it up. Check out my channel if you get a sec.
omg i will buy this  report day
Great video do you have twitter?
Excellent techniques, never thought of painting before putting it together, nice job also .
Great video and I have just subscribed to make sure I can watch some more of your videos. Well done and I look forward to seeing some more of your videos. Have fun, Joe
What did you mean with dark wash?
Good build and paint work. I noticed you left the seam along the fuselage....was that due to this just being a basic quick build? Too bad the kit had no pilot figure. Keep having fun.Bill.
Good video(s) but please, please please get rid of the background music! I can't be the only person who finds it so distracting with the music which fights the narration. Please! Thanks :-)
I love it that you use enamels and paint brush! Did you have enamels prethinned? :)
Thanks for watching this video guys! Anyone else built this kit - what do you think of it? Any other good p51 models out there I should try? :D
