I just came across your tutorials and I just made one for my son. Thank you.
Oh my gosh thank you so much I have been struggling for hours and your video has helped me so much
First time trying this and your tutorial was very helpful,kept going back to make sure it was right. THANK YOU
If my wrist is 8 inches around. How many inches or feet do I need?
Kevin WE Did it! Ty ty ty
Oh my goodness. I finally got it with your instructions. Ty ty ty!
Your tutorial is very clear it's a little tough remembering
Very helpful. Thank you so much.
OMG WOW SO WE HAVE SPENT ALLL DAY TRYING VIDEO AFTER VIDEO 📹 MY  DAUGHTER NEARLY GAVE UP BUT THEN WE SAW THIS GREAT JOB BUDDY
Thank you! Had to take mine apart to use after taking along to every camping trip I’ve done and couldn’t remember how I made it! Saved my bike and now it’s back ready to be used again!
Essa ponta queimada não solta?
You rock man! Your tutorial was so easy to follow I will definitely subscribe to your channel!
Great video and so easy to understand and follow along.
THANKS BRO ! THIS REALLY HELPS ME . 🤟🏻
This was the best tutorial ever I made my first bracelet using this video
My first bracelet and thanks to you it's a good one .  A great step by step guide and looks great. Thank You
I got a neat paracord survival bracelet with my camping cookware today. I knew these were more functional than pretty. thanks for the tutorial on how to put it back in the pattern.
Great tutorial
Good job and explaining the Cobra knot thank you
Thank you so much for this video. My daughter bought one of the kid craft kids to make these bracelets and the instructions made no sense. This was very helpful and we successfully made the bracelet thanks to your video.
SUPER GOOD TUTORIAL! Mine looks amazing! Just wanna say, you kinda sound llike Hikeup from How To Train Your Dragon! It’s super cool.
Man, that's super slick. Thank you for explaining.
So I can make these with my eyes closed, and as a cringey little kid, I walked around with like 15 on my arms and ankles. One day, I was at a summer camp starting one and a boy (older than I was, who also made them) said "that's not how you're supposed to start them"... Never got an explanation and to this day I still haven't found a single video explaining it differently than I do??? To that kid out there: I hope you suffer just as much as you made me~
Awesome tutorial. Got my perfect fit paracord bracelet watching your video. Big like👍
Eight years later. This is still dope. Homemade items are still the best. Cheers!
best tutorial i have found yet!
This was a very good tutorial. Thank you.
Wow! Thank you. I always wanted to learn how to do this. I think I'll give it a go! Ha! Thanks!
Love your patience and detail explanations
just used this to fix a bracelet that was broken that my daughter had and fixed it for her , thank you so much!!!!😃
I've gotten so good at first i just buy them
Thinking of making a band 4 my smart watch that has sensor on back 4 bp blood oxygen step counter etc etc any ideas or help greatly Ppreciated in advance any links sights etc
😎
Just made my first one
not me making a friendship bracelet with this-
The other day I was trying to make a paracord bracelet Kelly green camouflage I had to do it over and over and over until I got right the first time I started off on the right side instead of the left side since I'm a right hand man I tied the little knot on the very end but not real real tight just never I know which direction I'm going so I went from right and then left and left and right and then eventually I finally got it done it looks pretty cool I measured it by my wrist and I said no not there use my paracord bracelet maker is that helps out a lot for me and it keeps it much cleaner at first I was doing it wrong I was doing it underneath instead of on top so I did it right several times the first time and yes I did get as tight as I could to make it look much better keep up the good work I want another bracelet but I don't know how I make it because everybody's going too fast when it comes to making a little ball for you Luke on the other end just tear the bracelet together I wish someone would go real slow on that one so I can practice
Just did my first one while watching this and it came out great. Thanks man.
Excellent🎶‼️
It helps to note, if you're following this tutorial step by step, and say you need to stop for whatever reason. When coming back to it, if you lost the spot on where you left off, count the number of horizontal lines of that front strand. That is your dominant strand, the one you started with. When you're ready to resume, if your count is even, following this video, then continue on with the strand on the left. If your count is odd, then go with the one on the right You're essentially weaving your dominant strand from side to side along the front or top of this bracelet and you have to do it in pairs to complete each sequence. Just remember what side you originally started on.
Thanks
Good
I'm a 48 year old guy and I just made my 1st parabracelet watching your vid. Easy to follow and I'm gonna be watching it again and again to make sure I'm doin it right. Thank you! 😊
Are there any other ways you can tie the ends? Bought a kit and it’s missing those clip things for attaching-
thank you, you made it nice and easy to follow!
Just found this video and it's the easiest one I've come across! Thank you!
Thank you I keep coming back because I forget how it's done. It's been a while since I bought my bracelet.
I really appreciate you making a good video on how to assemble this pattern. I've got this bookmarked, since I do get people asking me to make them bracelets, dog collars/leashes, and similar things from time to time; just not frequently enough for me to remember the weave offhand every time. Lol.
Great video, really makes it easy to understand! I’d like to have a go at making some but I’m in the UK can you advice what size and type of part cord and size of buckle is ideal for brackets so I can source parts here in the UK. Thanks.
Kevin dude, this is so cool. We love to watch this on sunday nights, eating popcorn. Sending you so much love from Dingle ireland. Cheers bud.
This video was the BEST video for beginners. However, what do you do about the very end of the cord after you cut it, it has the white insides even after you burn it. Any recommendations?
POV you tried boiling your bracelet but it didn't shrink it enough so you learned how to make one your damn self
Made my first on I finna start a business. At school
Thanks I start making bracelets tonight
Fantastic Video, I'm a beginner.  Easy to understand, even for a grandma!
it was great😁
Excellent! video!
I never used clips i finis the end clean by pulling the last weave(lace) thru the center and then at the very top I make sure that I have a  2 big enough hole to pull the paracord thru then I  make a knot on both ends so It can’t side off
Our troop 826 Boy scouts in MS is going to love this!!! Thank you!!!
That did not help at all
Thank you. I've made these for a while I just needed a refresher. Thank you for that. God bless!
Greetings from Turkey, thank you for this video so i can make a bracelet for my girlfriend for camping.
Get with it already
Flawless victory
Thank you sir I learn doing saw form your's thank I do for my friends and grandchildren all said very nice and they wearing it.God bless you Kelvin
It's great tutorial,thanks
Great tutorial how would i add a medical alert into the strap
Awesome ! Just did my first paracord bracelet with your tutorial, thank you Kevin 😎
It worked very well, and I now have a nice bracelet
Kevin, my Scout Troop will benefit from this; thank you. Found a load of buckles in the store with paracord; add your instruction and we'll see what we can do.
Coming back to this video after three years,
Is there a way to add cord to the cobra knot if I didn't start with enough or do I need to start all over?
10/10 this is an amazing video
How can you do that
Very nice tutorial. I'm sure this is already mentioned somewhere in the 1.6K comments, but one thing that's helpful is to double check your bracelet fit after making your first one or two cobra wraps. That way, if you need to adjust, you don't need to undo a huge amount of work. Again, great video! 🤙🏻
I have made soooooo many bracelets from this video! Merry Christmas!!!🎄🎁
My mom bought me sum and the box came with no instructions </3 this helped
cord clashes with backround
Thank you I learned something new. Very helpful.  You got one more subscriber.  Happy Holidays 2021 .
I just got one from Micheal's thanks because the instructions in the box were unclear
Awesome tutorial! Thank you so much!!
Thank you
POV: you did the lighter thing for it to stay but it didn’t work so used a lil but if hot glue
Do these stretch out decently? I'd like somethin a bit snug so it's not riding up n down my arm, thanks. : p
Great tutorial, easy to follow, thanks.
You made my day... everyone just teaches design but actually I was worried about fixing clip
Thanks i appreciate the knowledge
Bought myself pink & black , for a Keychain...  Im going to start making Paracord bracelets for backing the blue in our rural community, & each officer I see , I plan on giving them one , even if I were to get a ticket . I chose cobalt blue & black .  Thank you very much for sharing how to make the paracord survival bracelets, very generous of you.        Thank you
Wonderful video it’s very helpful. Now I can start making bracelets for my business
Awesome !  Perfect video ! Thanks
What's size buckle did u use?
Thank you so much! I already know how to make these but I needed a reminder. Once again, Thank you!!!
Your amazing!! Thanks alot!! I have trying to do this for ages, and I just did!!
I love it
very good video
Thank you for the tutorial I’m going to start making these👍
You walked me through my first bracelet for my granddaughter and it came out perfectly! Thank you!
Damn boy burn the end of them ropes
I have just looked through a couple of videos to get started , i have now subscibed to yours you explain things so easy Thank you . I have gone ahead and made one but it is not laying flat it has a slight twist to it please can you explain how i can keep it flat .
Very well done. I just have to remember which to do next. Kinda like marching, left, right, left....thank you.
I raged…
Thank you! I just made my first paracord bracelet thanks to your great instructional video!
Do the ends ever come loose seeing as how they are kinda just left out?
What is the name of the material
Great video. Really helpful, thanks 🙏
Guys I am so dumb but I don’t know where 4 strings came from lol I am to dumb for this
Good one .
Video absolutely sucks for beginners
thumbs up
If the bead is on the left side, use the  left string and vice versa, hope this makes sense and helps😉
Idontneedanitherbracelethyperfuxationidontneedanotherbracelethyperfuxationidont- fuck it i do
Just imagine a 1 meter / 3 feet version of this.
how do you put on a clip?
Best video on the subject. Thanks
Omg it’s very necessary to let us know which string we  loop through you have me confused
Why not a necklace?
I watched this video when I first started a year ago and I still go back to this video when it’s been awhile. Thank you! So useful.
Thanks buddy. I just did a lanyard for my keys
thanks man!
You made this too complicated man
Yes, your video helped a lot. Thank you!
Great tutorial. First bracelet I did ... for my son. I added pirate head and hat beads.
I kinda wish I didn't watch this video because now I'm addicted to making them!
Been looking into making some paracord bracelets myself. I recently bought a couple and discovered I love wearing them. Plus I always thought they looked cool and thought why not just make my own? After watching this and seeing how relatively simple it is I'm gonna try it out. Gonna be using this video a lot.
This is so cool
Best video instruction! Did you use a camera on your forehead/glasses? Very easy to follow.
It looks right.
I got the written instructions on paper in the starter kit I got but I have really bad ADHD and I’m more of a visual learner and this helped thank you so much 😊
Thanks so much for making it easier for me, hope u have a good day💘
Very patient...thank you
Every time I make a bracelet it's always been atleast 5 months since the last and every time I forget lol I'm making my third bracelet and am very thankful for this video.
I used to make these as ornaments for my Christmas tree because I was convinced I was poor as a kid🧍‍♀️
Awesome video man it helped out a lot thanks :)
best tutorial . real helpful m8
Wow this video is fantastic. I just bought a bracelet loom kit for my daughters and myself. Thank you for taking your time to instruct us on how to do this and I hope you're still doing this yourself. I will tell others about your video. Well done
Great tutorial!!!
Terrific Video ! Thank You !
Ok I see what I did wrong 🤣
I’m a beginner. I bought the ezzzy-jig bracelet maker, I encountered that if I made it tighter it started to swirl???? U make it seem so easy 😭
to much hands
6:48, 5:50
Thx dude. Very nice video. Look at it one time, i think i can do it myself. Thx again👍👍
❤
I love its man how much is it for like $1,00 our something but i do want one but we live at Bonne Terre mo guys so if you can just me know because we like it's
what weave is this?
maybe i’m stupid but i’m like genuinely confused lmao
Cool guys how it is. For $8.00 our 1,00 % because are best friend just pessed ways but she was good at that patty she did pink God bless you guys ❤
I checked out camping survival.com and it doesn't even look like it's a real website. They've got exactly 3 options when you search for paracord and one of them is a thermos. What gives?
Just made one watching your video, looks amazing. Do you know how to do the measurements? Like if I want to make a necklace for my pitbull 😬
Excellent job.  Made it look easy to do.  Thanks for the help.
Hate this video I found videos where you do not need to waste that much paracord! HATE IT SO SO SO MUCH! HATE I JUST HATE IT!
What do u do when the buckle gets stuck while checking size
That is so cool I  jest got some  paracord  and did it  it took me to times to get it right but still coool
Yes same for me! Thanks! 🤙🏼
Thank you for the video.  Following your instructions I was able to make and complete my very first paracord bracelet!
Thanks for Your help, Quick and Works.
Can a charm be added onto this sort of weave? Like a dogtag? And if so can you show a tutorial on how to do it that way?
Question 🙋‍♀️ I want to make something else other than a bracelet would I still take the measurements from what I want to do and do that exact same thing (I want to make a chest strap for horses)
I am asking how in the world it has 1.5k dislikes i dont understand this helps us a lot! These pepole who disliked are bad humans
As a beginner this video was extremely helpful!
Thank you it helped a lot and it was easy
It’s the end of 2020 and I am just catching up with the paracord faze
This stitch is the exact same stitch I use for my hemp bracelets
Thanks!!! This videowas great. I made my very first paracord bracelet with your help :)
I'm gonna attempt to make one of these! Fingers crossed for me XD
Kevin brauer thank you thank you very very much for your videos uploads.  I watch it for my project in school thank you  thank you you are a very very good handicraft teacher❤❤❤👍👍👍
Yes very good video no BS good job take care and be safe
Thx man I’m starting a business at my aunts store so I’ll be selling these there you helped a lot and thx again
Cool
Great tutorial mate. I’ve never done anything like this and within five minutes had knocked up lanyard for my dogs lead. Very easy to follow. Thank you.
i used this technique to make a strap for my knife sheath. thanks so much!
Thats prety good
Thanks buddy
Excellent video. Thank you!
THIS HELPED SO MUCH, THANK YOU SOOOOOO MUCH
I’ve watched this a few times now and I better go make more before I forget.
9:20, ty for that tip
Thanks for a really great tutorial.
Yea it helped. I bought a book called paracord outdoor gear projects by joel hooks. It only had 1 bracelet design and it was this 1. The book didnt even show you proper step by step clear instructions so i done it wrong. The book is pure shite dont buy it. Your video helped and waz clear enough to follow
I just subscribed @KevinBrauer because, even though I made a very few of these simple bracelets a few years ago after self-learning from another channel person on here. Started reviewing his video again yesterday but find that his demo is less visible to get the hang of the direction of the cord to get the knot done correctly. Your instructions go at a slower more visible pace. That makes it much easier for beginners to follow. Excellent video. You’re a gifted teacher. Thank you very much. By the way, am an almost 83 y. o. with a stable heart disease and have a smart watch to self-monitor status, however, one major feature requires that the watch must be worn slightly further from the wrist bone to improve accuracy when sleeping. Wearing this bracelet will create the needed space to prevent the watch from moving easily.
Sweet thanks
doy link
Thx! Helped super nice! ❤
This was an awesome video.  I made mine just a tad snug but I know I will make the next one right.  Thanks so much
You did a really great job, Thank you!!!!
Does it have be those exact clips and can you do more than one color
Thank you.
Loved the tutorial
The link that you posted in the video for the Paracord brings up an error the website only has one type of paracord for sale even when into the search bar pull it up need to refresh your link please
oh no a white lighter its bad luck D:
Awesome video Thanks!!!  🤩🤩🤩🤩
You’re an excellent instructor! Thanks very much
Hey there ive subscribed too your channel is there any way i can get you too subscribe too my channel as well
7/3/20 just made a lanyard while watching your video you made it so simple . Thanks 👍
thanks that was helpful
Quick tip: make it about 1.5 inches than you need
thanks for dis, now my dog has a new collar (‘:
Thank you!!!!
Nice
Is it just me or does he sound like Brett Dier
But other then that, great video. Thank you.
Its cdwplus.com not cwplus.com like you state in your video. Just trying to help.
hi
wow ! :)
Just started off my first business. Making and selling Paracord keychain and bracelet on Instagram @ customcordz786
Butiful
Good method - check measurement again after the first 2 weaves are in. If you go all the way down and the length is too short or long...you have some unravelling to do.
Thank you! You have learned me to do bracelets. Thanks!
I wasn’t getting a loop at the begging, any suggestions?
Thanks! This helped a lot!
I’m still confused
May I ask what size cord you use to make this bracelet. Thank you
I want to make my hubby a belt. He’s a size 36, so I should uses 36-37 feet?
thanks man, this helped me so much and i keep using it as a refresher
Awesome video, love the detailed instructions! Thank you!
Thnx bro
Great video!!
You just made this super simple for me after watching several that complicated it for me. Thanks!
thank you. i was trying to find a good one for a while, but couldn't. then i came across this!
Thanks broo
toes
What type of rope u used
This is AMAZING it helped me so much I have made 1 bracelet so far and I am on to my next one!
Great tutorial! Just done my own paracord bracelet with your help! Thanks a lot!
Wow this worked with no click bait or ear bleeding intros free sub
Great video man loved it, helped me a lot, just one question, how long was the strand of paracord that u used
I'm 11 years old and just got pararope and this video really helped me because you explain nice and slow step by step.
I watched your "White and Navy" video and was about to leave a semi-bitchy comment about not being able to SEE what you were doing during certain important steps. GREAT JOB fixing the issue with this video! Thank you!
YOU BLOCK EVERYTHING WITH YOUR HANDS!!!!
Nit sure about the ending, it doesn't look very secure. Do those ends work loose at all?
2020 Boredom
awesome!
Thank you so much.  I recently bought a survival watch that was to big. I used your video to redo the cord to the size of my wrist.
Im was making them for my friends, And I wasnt sure how to make them! This helped A LOT
Great job all the way around.. Thnx brother
What is the thickness type of your paracord?
Thank you for a great tutorial! I'm doing this for my grandsons, your explanation is so clear!
Cool. I think I've found my new hobbie!
Is there a way to add beads into this bracelet?
Left 8:51 Right 9:27
Well explained 👏 I love your video 🧐 I'm want to try a brasalet with three lines... a colombian flag! 😉
I love this! I just ordered a paracord kit from Amazon
Instructions unclear, I am now in a major land war in Asia.
The video is great!  Thanks!  But when I looked for supplies, they had all kinds of clasps, with compasses, little hidden "knives", flint, etc.  I'm making these for people in the military.  Do you suggest just a plain clasp or something with all the bells and whistles?  I feel like all the extras can make it bulky to wear.  Price isn't an issue, they're not that much more expensive.  Thanks.
Him: “Don’t touch it when it’s hot”  Also Him: (continues to touch it)
FUCK U
Working on my first paracord bracelet! That was a great tip on when you forget which side you knotted... I doubled up on one side but it helped me get back on track! Thanks!
The second part of how to get the other hook into the knot is so confusing to me. I keep replaying it but it’s not working
can you still singe it if the cord was a paratinder cord?
Thank you
Thank you, ive always been "nervy" about using the paracord part. Because until now. I thought once i untied it, It was done. Ps. can you buy those clips with a firestarter?
This works for dog collars amazingly too!!!
You need to be more careful when talking about which side of the cord. ‘This’ and ‘that’ are not recognizable names for identification.
Wonderful idea !!!!!!!!!!! Im selling braclets and a bunch of other stuff on my shop , its mainly for horses but this stuff im going to sell at a garage sale
Perfect video for a first timer, I made my first bracelet with this. Thank you!
I got my paracord too short :( but I keep on trying)
Nice! Thank you for the video
Great video mate. I made a sling using this technique. It works great and is surprisingly comfortable.
Thank you so much for this amazing tutorial! The direction booklet in my bracelet kit was a joke and was so hard to follow. This tutorial taught me how to make the perfect bracelet the first time I watched the video! Well done, that’s hard to do, well when it comes to me anyway.
TYSM (THANK YOU SO MUCH) for helping me create this for my brother’s birthday
Didnt Get anything sorry
Thank you for this tutorial. I recently got a kit to make these bracelets and the instructions that came with it are very confusing. So I resorted to looking up how to do this on here. Thank you again.
HELPED SO MUCH. THANK YOU.
Awesome. Thanks!
Great tutorial. Thank you!
Thank you so much  For teaching me how to make the bracelet! I am sending one to my soldier overseas and he will love it! Have an awesome day!
Hey man thank you very much! I love your video. I made sure to drop a like!
Thank you Thank You!
Thank you so much. Best tutorial ever for doing this.
Thank you great directions!
Thank you so much I took 2 hours looking for a tutorial and you have helped me
Thanks for the help man
thanks for teaching me i am new to  paracord ,and now i have make  a new paracord .thank you so much
Absolutely superb my friend! You explain it so well and thank you for posting! A handshake from across the pond here in 🇬🇧
Very good tutorial, thanks!
🙌👍✌️🙏
Great lesson. Thanks man
Everything about this was great, from the clear vocal instructions, to the proper camera angles. It was very easy to figure out and make one, I actually used this to re-size one I got online. Worked like a charm! Thank you, and I hope you keep doing such great content!
Thank you my friend. Just  finished my gun sling with conected qr swivel studs. Really strong. Took some time though:)
Awesome!
This video needs to go slowier
I have to agree with most reviewers on this video...it's awesome. I'm a total newbie to this and your video was very simple to follow. The camera work and the verbal instructions were spot on. Thank you for sharing!
T-thank you... You know I was already giving up because I keep failing....  Thank you.
Thank you old boy for the video.... Nice Cobra/standard weave man!
Thanks your video helped so much I can now make them vary well
Awsom
This helped me so much! Such a great video!
cool thanks....so easy
1:46  “So I’m just gonna measure that out”  (Measuring)  (Star Wars The Rise of Skywalker ad plays)
I make these with my cadet class 😂
super helpful man
instructions unclear i am in a toaster
I decided to take up paracording as a potential craft hobby. I viewed your video about 5 times and  FINALLY got my first one done.
Do you have a tutorial on the chevron style? This is the one I really want to learn.
SUPER EASY!
Great tutorial! Thanks!
I am doing a business day Paracord bracelet, so thank you very much
Making a few for my friends. Thanks for this broski!
Thanks mate I am going to do another one with my son and his friends. Nice one you have brought a dad and son closer together.
I started making one and it kept getting shorter as I was weaving it even though I had started it by setting the length as he shows to do it.
Thank you for this tutorial. I am going to get some clips and make a few for myself and loved ones.
Thank you!!
Nice
I just spent 2 hours with a jig and directions from some dude I found on Amazon. Big Daddy heard me snuffling and snorting and he doesn’t like it when someone hurts “the little woman’s” feelings. (Lol!) Seriously. I was ready to chuck it all in the trash. Then I came here. (——-> the choir starts singing here <——-) I got it in about 5 minutes! Not pretty, mind you, but even Martha Stewart wasn’t built in a day! Thank you thank you!
excellent how to kevin! Thank you for doing this in simplified but thorough language.
Excellent, thank you friend !!!  Tks for share
My daughter really wanted it so I had to do it😐
Great video! Made my 1st bracelet w/no problems.  Immediately purchased florescent cord to make key chains. Question: What's the best way to burn the ends of the florescent cord when you're done? When I did it, it melted the outside & exposed the white threads inside.
How long did u use to make that  Love ur vids... :)
Personally
Best tutorial
mast banaya ha
11:45- "Make sure you dont touch your skin to this stuff its super hot" (Proceeds to touch it repeatedly)
GREAT tutorial!!... I finally found a bracelet that fits great!! Thank u!
THANK YOU FOR THE VIDEO
Made this for my boyfriend as a gift. This is awesome! Thank you so much, I might even make another for myself :)
Haven't made one of these since middle school (in high school rn) so I kinda forgot how to make one, this How-To tutorial really helped. Thanks so much!
Why would you get a white lighter 🤦‍♀️
Doesn't even help you do it too fast if you would have done it snowed some of would understand
Man, was this helpful!
This does not help much
So cool thank you
This was really helpful me = subscribing I’ve been searching all over for a GOOD video like this
thank you!!
THANK YOU! 💞🌟
What do you actually do with the bracelet? Is is solely cosmetic?
Salutations and congratulations, you gained a like and a subscribe from myself, helped me out when making a bunch of lanyards
Thx for the tutorial it saved my life
Thanks for the awesome to tutorial it really helped me make my own bracelet👍🏻
Thank you..made one for my hubby and he loves it!
I got a little bit tougher skin so I just touch it right away and smash the melted bit so it holds for sure
THANKS A LOT, GOT IT ON MY FIRST TRY AND MADE FOUR MORE AFTER THE FIRST. VERY HELPFUL VIDEO.
I just learned this at camp, im super proud of it. Its way easier than it looks, great video.
Going to try to make some for my soldiers I am  member of Service Angels google us to see what amazing things we do for our military
Excellent tutorial! Thanks.
A girl in my class gave it to me so I didn’t have to make it
Guys plz tell me how many meters do we need?
Just wanted to say thank you! I watched probably five other vids before this one and didn't get it. Very good slow explanation. Making a camera wrist strap and needed help. Thanks again!
This is a good tutorial but i still am kinda confused
Could you take apart a bracelet you just bought and use it as cordage and re tie it when your done?
Thanks for this
Thanks!
Thanks, been about 6 years since i made one of these, forgot how lol
Thank you sir!! I needed a refresher. Gonna make a bunch of bracelets to hopefully hustle off for the 4th of July! Cheers
Can u use any kind of string can it be thin kinda
I keep running out of string before I get to the end!!!
sadly did not work. ;-(
I have a question.   If you are a beginner, should you buy a $30 loom or is that just a waste of money?
Thanks a bunch!
Awesome easy to follow instructions. Thank you!
Very helpful. Thank you.
GOOD JOB KEVIN, THANKS FOR SHARING THIS.
Brilliant tutorial, very useful and well done
EXCELENT KEVIN,THANK YOU.
Yay, bracelets for boys! Next up: survival earrings. And how to make your prepper prettier!
8.5” wrist. I’ll need how much... it’s late ... maybe tomorrow.
thank you for this! i made one for the very first time today and i love it. it’s so simple’
Very nice
How does this video have dislikes??
You just got me into a new hobbie. Also where can I biy more string?
Just so you know. The paracord link no longer works. The company no longer sells it.
Biraz hızlan gerizekalı bu ne yavaşlok
Great video! John in Texas
My brother got a paracord bracelet kit for his birthday. My mom and I couldn’t figure out the directions! Thanks Kevin! My mom said you’re the bomb
Thanks! Helped me figure out something I was doing wrong. Big help!!
I have no idea what I'm doing wrong! I followed all your steps. Granted, i had one made for me and decided to make them myself but so far no results. Could it be the buckle??
Thanks, bud.  The leather handle on my son's instrument case fell apart.  I used your tutorial to make a new parachord handle.  It looks awesome.  We'll see what he thinks of it in the morning.  I appreciate the video.
I made a rainbow bracelet
The other video you did was confusing to me but this helped me thanks!!!
this help
muchas gracias,una gran ayuda!!!
i tried burning the paracord after cutting it... IT BURN THE FRICKIN BUCKLE AND I HAVE TO REMAKE A NEW ONE
I just order black paracord and 2 clips 'cause I wanna have a go at making this, and I'll be using this video to guide me through it, great job my man!
Nice video thanks
Thanks. I used this technique to make a handle for my wife's luggage. Strong and decorative.
Excellent tutorial.
Awesome! Exactly what I needed!
P ans q
aye this is clean. thanks mate.
Your good
How do you do it, I don't get it.
Two strings or one?
love it
This helped so much   I made one for my dad thanks
THANK YOU SOO MUCH!!!!
is this a 4mm or 6mm cord?
1.4K dislikes???  They must've got sore fingers from making bracelets so easily after watching this vid that they hit the wrong button accidentally. Honestly can't think why so many people would take the time to dislike this!
Super helpful. Thanks man.
jk
bro this vid did not help at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You helped me make my first thanks
this video is ass
I bought my cords from walmart😂😂
Extremely helpful😁 thanks! Already made one for myself
I have a question, if you were in a severe emergency, how would you untangle all of the paracord and just have the strings ready to go?
My take on the final knot to secure the bracelet: Once the bracelet is complete, and before I cut off the excess cord left over, I go to the very tip of the cord, and pull back the outer coloured sheath to expose the inner white core, and wrinkle it back to the final tie on the bracelet. Then when I come to seal the knot with a flame, I cut where needed, but then pull the excess wrinkled outer sheath forward, so that the white inner core isn't visible, and melt the outer coloured sheath to seal the cord and hide the white. Nice tutorial, thanks,
I was told how to do this in Boy Scouts abd forgot how.. this really helped
This was really helpful to my business at school. Thank you! 🤑
Thank you, excellent video on how to. That deserves my subscription.
I'm I the only person who sucks at this
So great. Loved this. So helpful. Just one question, how would I go about putting a medallion in the middle?
I'm a beginner and this video helped me big time thank you so much
You only have to watch a million fucking times
Hi what webbing size is this?
Excellent job! Sub for a sub?
He is completely opposite I have redone this 5 times and still messed up he should move his fingers so i can see
Great video
I need help making a bracelet. Could someone help me please
This video really helped me im a slow learner and took me watching your video about 35 times but i finely got it thanks for your video.
I made a sling for my airsoft gun using this video to help
Thank you, your video was usefull!
Thank you for your  clear instructions, how to find out when you've lost count what side's next, and how to end the knot.
This sucks it doesn't help at all
I had a paracord pack of 4 lying around and I decided to use it. I only wanted to make one. The instructions were so tiny and useless, but this video explained everything to me! I ended up making all 4 paracords! Thank you so much for teaching me 'the art of the paracord'!
A really awesome and detailed video thank u i followed along and now have my own bracelet
YouTube needs more simple tutorials like these!
Thank You!
What's the point of those braclets? For survival or fashion?
Easy?
Thanks bro my gf wanted one and asked me to make it and I haven’t made one in hella long I owe u bro I gotchu with a sub
Thanks so much super helpful!!! I tried paper directions and other vids but yours worked the best! My bracelet came out great! 😀❤️👍🏼
This was the best basic tutorial ever. Especially for a newbie! THANKS FOR GOING SLOW FOR ME
Really helpful
Why am I watching this
Thanks this helps us at a craft fair
this was a terrible tutorial
Great video. Thank you
thank you dude, i have 2meter cord just enought for my wrist. 6.5" not including the buckle for a finished one. thanks
Seriously one of the best tutorial videos on YouTube!!!!!
Thx fam
What do you do at 4:37 ?
You teach so well. Ure awesome.
I like it good job might try that
so, how do you undo it, and use it, in a shtf scene?
Terrible tutorial btw 🤟  Nvm sorry I was dumb and forgot a step lol good tutorial 👍👍👍😺
Thank you man it help me a lot  thank you  God bless you
Thanks for the tutorial! But why do you use a plastic buckle instead of something more robust? I have made a video on my channel with a adjustable metal shuckle. What do you think of that idea?
SO HELPFUL
Awesome thank you very clear instructions
Or with 2 colors I’m making one for my mom
Can you do one how to do a big one
Such a good tutorial! good teacher
its impossible to do ugh
thanx for the tutorial girly nails...
Thank you Kevin,anything involving knots usually doesn't turn out well for me but I did it!
Thanks brother bought one of these online now i can be sure to open the paracord knowing I can tie it. Thanks man
Great video. As I am just beginning to learn this art, these videos are indeed helpful 100%
it rele help t me ty
it rele help t me ty
i loved it you are the bast
Fantastic video for beginners, like me.  Easy to follow, easy to achieve fantastic results.  Thank you so much!
I'm new to making paracord bracelets. How much should I charge for one?
Very well illustrated and narrated. Thanks.
Wow this helped a lot! I showed my friend my bracelet that I had bought and she wanted one too! She loved hers! Your so underrated. I’m subbing!!!!!!!
Great job thanks
I used your video to make Grab Handles for my Jeep. Thanks a million °0|||||||0°
Awesome tutorial, thanks so much!!!
Very easy to follow. Thanks.☺
if ur going to explain something, actually show it IN FRONT of the camera.
Thanks this video really helped me out in a tight spot trying to make bracelets for myself and my friend Daniel
Than do much it's so helpful cause I'm just starting.
Thanks dude I was stressing because I ordered a paracord multitool bracelet and it didn’t fit thanks so much definitely deserve a sub ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Make one without a buckle plz?
Thanks for this video really helpful thanks again.
Thank u so much I did get a little confused but I got it to work 😃
dude I made a gun sling for my mom and dad and I did it in under a minute so thank u for helping me begin making these
Hi, você paracord com lâmina no fecho, (abotoadura) faca onde fecha.???
play, pause, play, pause, rewind because we got distracted, repeat...but my 9 year old helped and we made his first paracord bracelet.
when i have kids you are going to read stories to them
you are not very good at explaining
this is a great tutorial for beginners! I made two already and they're amazing!
Excelent tutorial! Just got mine redone as when I purchased it it was weaved loose.
I'm still confused
Thank you so much
Thanks man... awesome tutorial... Help me out a lot
Thank you.  This is the best tutorial that I've seen.  Well presented.  Easy to follow.  I just purchased clips from cwplus.  Please keep up the fine work.
Excellent how to.
Thank u so much. U are awesome
Want a double helix using this same type of weave? No problem. Just don’t alternate the side you’re using the make the first loop.
Thank you so much for your TUTO,out of ten,yours is the best,I could create(with a few"mistakes)at first,my number one piece(mine was yellow and black,with an orange buckle)keep it the way you explain"the moves'THXagain,from France.......SUB for sure.
It’s to hard
Great! I just made my first parachord bracelet! 😎
great help thank you!! 😎
I was confused already then came to this video and got even more confused
I was confused already then came to this video and got even more confused
I've made a lot of these bracelets for myself, my dad,my sister,and my brother. Thank you so much!!!! I subbed and turned on notifications. Once again,thank you so much!! Every time I forget how to make the bracelet I come back to this video to make it again with your help!!!!!
I couldnt do it!!! I TRIED!!!!!  **crying face**
Your video is great!  I'm definitely subscribing, but I did it another way. Edit:thank you for replying to my comment Kevin Brauer
nice bracelet
i eat ass tonight wish me luck guys      im a avirgin
you should do a video on how to make a watch band for apple watch
1 sub
Great video pal.  Your tip at 9:00 is priceless, 'cause I get lost every 2 weaves.  Thank you for your help.
I❤you
Best how to I’ve been able to find!!  It finally made since after watching your vid!  Thank you so much!!
Thank you! It’s helpful to me.
Hurry up bruv
This really helped me and my friends make one
Thx made a couple,they loved them
best video I’ve seen that helps out. Thanks Man.
thanks for this video it really helped me to tie my survival bracelet
I hurt my wrist making it, but it looks awesome some well worth it 👍
You nead to make it more easy
Thanks! Just finished my first and made it a King Cobra since I had material over and found it fun and easy to keep weaving!!
thanks broo,this video really help me!
Anybody watching this you can get more and bigger rolls of military grade parachord on Amazon for cheaper theb the place this guy mentioned.
Tysm bro
Thank you  for showing this video
One of the best tourtotial I ever tried. New subscriber thanks!
Damn bro you explained it and made it  way more easier to understand than the other videos I've seen
Fantastic instruction! Thanks for the new obsession!
Can you go slower please
I tried this and my bracelet turned out awesome but, I burnt my finger pretty bad
Beather
Thank you so much. You helped me make my 1st paracord bracelet! You are the best.
How long is the rope used?
Awesome!!!!!
My first time and thanks to you video everything is perfect!
Hi you are  rong
cool
Couldn't figure out how to get it started with pinterest pics, this really helped! Thanks man!
i really needed help👍👍👍
Wow, thank you very much! This tutorial is amazing and so easy to understand. Never done this before but my first bracelet looks good. :)
Kevin, thanks for posting this very informative video, my wife bought the material, and your tutorial helped me make a nice survival bracelet with whistle.
Thank you! I will start making my own bracelets.
Really clear and well paced tutorial. Thanks
Thank you for sharing.This most helpful.I have very small wrists and when I buy these I have to wear them on my ankles because they're too big for my wrist!!Finally I can have 1 for my wrist!!Again THANK YOU!!:)
U deserve a sub and like,without this tutorial i would kill myself by strangling myself. Thx for saving me.
Got a question can i use 2 strands of Paracord instead of one
We are currently make mad max power cord
Thanks me and my cuz is starting off make these. Really helpful
Thanks it helped me make one for my friend
U deserve a sub like and nice comment from me too!
Thanks I was trying to do this for 5 hours straight now!
very helpful. I am replacing dog tag style ball chains with paracord for my challenge coin holders.  I am making a few and giving them to friends for their coin holders.
Anybody else just came here because you forgot how to put the cord  on the buckle?  Or us it just me 😂
i didn't find this type of thread..how should i purchase this type of thread any name or any online sell...???
I needed this so bad
can you show step by step
too many colors
how can you make one with two colors this way?
This is useless
Wow out all the videos your video has really helped from abby and Claire thank you thank you
Helped me when I was doing christmas stuff! But scouts gave me inspiration.
How many meters is to have a paracord?
this was the only  one that worked for me,  all the   other ones were  to confusing
good video
This is more useful than buying 😁
When he said to put the strings a paracore in the top of the 3 Fork looking buckle he actually meant bottom...heads up
Thank you so much for a very useful video.  Going to start on my first bracelet now!!!!
OMG  THIS IS THE BEST VIDEO SOOOO EASY
Who is watching in 2017 thanksgiving
The easier way,  thank you,  de verdad muy facil :)
Hi, I've watched several tutorial and your's are the best!
Super helpful thank you
Holy shit slowdown buddy
Clear and understandable. Thanks so much.
Thank you, this was helpfull. I have done this one about a year ago, using this video as help. And now I did the same one again. Just had to watch the beginning to remember how it's done. Thank's mate.
Thanks to him i have a black and red one
Thank you. Im making dreamcatcher bracelets and this was a great tutorial. 😁
This help me so much thank u so much i left a like and i am know subscribed as well THANK YOU👍
So simple to do. Thanks for the great tutorial!
Thank you kev your the only video who actually knows how to explain how to make it and it's easy. Others don't know how to make a tutorial video... keep it up I need more tips
Hey Guys ,,Can anyone Tell Me What the measure is in Meters ,,,bcause im still confuse about the measure ,and i want make it for my bpyfriend ,,thanks,,,,
Man I realized I still had a ton of Paracord from about 4 years ago, I totally forgot how to make these bracelets but your instructions are very clear.
Very helpful. Loved It!
Awesome video and tutorial!  I was able to make my own!  🤙🏼 Any suggestions on what to do with the left over paracord besides throwing it away?  Can I use it for other bracelets?
very super duper helpful! thank you
The buckle you used is an adjustable buckle. DO you know how to use it so that it is adjustable?
Thanks for the video it reley helped alot
Pretty awesome! Thank you for sharing!
Thanks you helped me a lot
COBY
a
tank uh
good job bru
thanks, this really helped.
yea
This was easy as shit, probably took me 10-15 mins to make my first one
thanks so much works but took a while to figure out
Thanks.
This is stupid
Which is the witdth of the bracelet?
thank you man! I've never thought that it is so easy)
Hey thanks dude😃
cool
Thank you so much for this tutorial. It really helped me!
You need to stop it did not work
Sorry man I rewatched it and I get it know thanks man
Did not help at all it is so hard.your video was trash
You are a natural teacher. Your instructions were very helpful and very  clear. Thank you for posting this. Julie
Thank you so much tutorial for.
Thanks I have made a bracket for my son now thanks
this didn't help at all
Much Helpful
Thts is Awesome Broda
My looks amazing and it's only my second one
I have a question. I ordered 3/4 inch paracord buckles online. They actually measure one inch across anywhere I measure it....even in the middle. The seller said that was normal. He actually said: "The 3/4" is means that the buckle is good for 3/4" webbing and not the width of the buckle itself. ". Is this true? Thanks for any help you can give me on this matter. Love your videos
Great content. You make it nice and simple.
Hey thanks it helped a lot :D
How long does it typically take to make
at that moment I realized I ducked up
nice
Your welcome and I am still doing them because I watched your video😂
Good job bro
Scheiß arschloch
I tried to read instructions not working your video it was easy
Good 👍
EXTREMELY HELPFUL...
This vid really helps me 😁👍
I used to know how to do this and it was horrible because I used a lighter and melted everything together, but know this is going to be used every time to help me!! Thanks!!!!
Thanks, this was so helpful!
Excellent tutorial.  Making unique-for-them-and-just-anybody-can't-buy-at-Walmart collars for  a couple dogs :-)  Only problem I had was fighting off the cat while I was weaving! Thanks!
Finally! Made my first paracord bracelet! Thanks for the tutorial!
Great video. I watch it every time to help me get started
Hi, What length does the string have to do to make the bracelet ?
COOL  !!👍💪
Super helpful! Thank you! I was trying to "read" directions with my 9 year... not happening. After watching your video & making her bracelet, she told me I should subscribe to your channel! "He helped us a LOT mom"!
Got the hang of this really quick, kept taking it apart to adjust the size and tighten but before i knew it i didn't need the video, point on instructions loved it!
Good video but can anybody give me a tutorial on how to get rid of all the text boxes in under ten seconds...
This helped me a lot thanks love it 😍
Brilliant
GEHT DAS AUCH IN DEUTSCH 😤😤
Q
Made my own Paracord bracelet while watching you. Thanks!
Awesome tutorial. You did everything right. Thanks a lot!
Thanks dude I made this for my friend he loves it
I wonder if you can replace paracord with a shoe lace, for training sake?
very nice tutorial and helpful, thanks, but I fucked  up by ordering  on line  I didnt know what size  I was, i thought i was  nine but it turns out that I was eight this one is loose but now I  know  how to fix it and will make  my own  bracelets from now on , thanks again !!
nice one so awesome and eazy
Beautiful!!!!!🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
thank you! son got a kit as a gift, with PRINTED instructions!  video was SO helpful. thanks again.
Great video.  Do you ever have a problem with them coming loose at the finish end with just cutting it that short and melting it?  It looks like they could just pull out if you caught it on something.  I'm going to make one of these tonight as all my parts have arrived.  :0)  Thanks for making the video.
Is this the same if making a dog collar. One I saw tucked the loose ends under a few loops before trimming and heating. My dog pulls like he is trying out for lead dog on a sled team. (He's winning so far). Thanks, very easy to follow.Kat
Cyka Blyet
How many mm is this
Nice video, you sound like JD from the movie Heathers but without the snark heh
great video i ❤it
This is my favorite video to learn to make 550 braids.
Thanks,  This was great
This is the only tutorial that has actually worked for me so far! Thanks!!!
i liked ur vid. ur awesome
thanks for teaching me i am new to paracord so i was looking for a tutorial. definatly the best👍
I get the feeling you actually care that we learn paracording. Good tutor. Thanks.
AWESOME vid!! just made my first one
thank you Kevin Brauer! just finished my first paracord bracelet and I love it!
Awesome video man! I made my first paracord bracelet in no time! So satisfying :)
always wanted to make them and now i can thanks
#ذهب_كلوديا
Thanks for the vid it helps alot 👍🏼
Kevin, these trolls that can't do this blame u. Keep in mind that it takes the cognitive of a silverback guerrilla to watch and mimic a task like this. Don't take sweat from people this remedial. An IQ of this is below 70. At that level, you can't find ur ass with both hands and a flashlight. People if you think Kevin is the reason you can't figure this out, you don't need to be in reach of scissors, lighters, or a strangle hazard. Please get a grown up to help you. There is no more information that can be added to this that isn't covered.
Thank you!!  You helped so much.  I was feeling dumb!
People who are learning from Kevin's tutorials need to look nowhere else for advice. I have been working on a bracelet that I wanted to add a feature in and Kevin let me bounce some ideas off of him by email. He was able to visualize the task and by thinking out of the box, came up with the way to make it look the best and he got no publicity for it. That is true character and demonstrates much skill. If you have a paracord question and you don't know if Kevin can answer it, ask him! If you want to do something unique with your bracelet, this is the guy to ask. He will be brainstorming with you!
I can't believe how quickly I got it. At the beginning, I would have to rewind and watch again, but once I 2 or 3 braids on, I was cooking. Never could have done it without this video that DEMONSTRATES AND INSTRUCTS!
How many strands does your paracord have?
Learn how to make it in flash very great video
I've got material on the way to make a medical alert paracord bracelet but my invoice says my buckle is 3/8 which is smaller than yours. . I'm using just one color of 550 paracord and a metal charm that looks similar to a belt buckle will go in the middle. This beginners weave would be perfect. Company hasn't offered to help me. I would be thrilled if I could email you what I ordered and what I'm aiming for. Thanks. Josh
coollllll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i know this  was 3 years ago but just made one it helped me
next time make a video more easy to understand about this
Fantastic video.  Perfectly simple and well spoken.  Thank you.
Thank you for this.  Our Cub Scout Den will be making these bracelets to donate to the military.  This was very easy to understand.
This was a great video. Thanks for the tutorial
cool
NO HELP
Made one, great instructions, cheers.
thanks sir
outstanding  video .  thanks  so  much .
Thank you so much so easy best vid for paracord ever😊😊😊😊
Thanks so much! Instructions very clear and easy to follow!
Would this work with the clip with the fire starter,compass,and whistle one please answer
you the man, @KevinBrauer  ...
Nicely filmed, thanks. Great clear instructions. Well done:)
directions unclear I got my dick stuck in a toaster
Good
I get it. It takes practice. I don't think anybody will get it the first time. Thank you for saying left side and right side. Much better than the guy who repeated opposite side.
Thanks you so much ! I've watched other videos and so confusing!  just curious can you do more than two colors and can you show us other knots besides the cobra knot ? we like to experiment. Thanks !
Thanks you so much ! I've watched other videos and so confusing!  just curious can you do more than two colors and can you show us other knots besides the cobra knot ? we like to experiment. Thanks !
Thanks you so much ! I've watched other videos and so confusing!  just curious can you do more than two colors and can you show us other knots besides the cobra knot ? we like to experiment. Thanks !
Thanks you so much ! I've watched other videos and so confusing!  just curious can you do more than two colors and can you show us other knots besides the cobra knot 😃 we like to experiment. Thanks !
Thanks you so much ! I've watched other videos and so confusing!  just curious can you do more than two colors and can you show us other knots besides the cobra knot 😃 we like to experiment. Thanks !
Thanks you so much ! I've watched other videos and so confusing!  just curious can you do more than two colors and can you show us other knots besides the cobra knot 😃 we like to experiment. Thanks !
thanks kevin it worked out well but it is really skinny.. not sure if its the size of tje paracord or what. but looks good
instructions not clear. i made a noose
nice video bro! i just receive my stock from amazon im starting right now! thank you for that clean tutorial! :)
You explained this so well thank you for the video
thank you
thank you.
Thank you very much! Thanks!
Thanks, Kev! Great shot, good directions.
thanks a lot!
thxx for this in my store there was when you get things for 15$ u get some paracord so i wanted a bracelet thankss!
Gracias muy útil su explicacion,pero quisiera saber cuantos metros utilizo.
when tying together to the last clip I struggled to keep my measurement so tied it with it on works better for anyone struggling with that
it hardlys makes sense first u say put it through the bottom then u say it doesn't matter.
This makes no sense whatsoever
I buy my paracord from Walmart 😂 shit...
Wow that's actually way easier than i thought it would be. Thanks!
kan je het niet in het nederlands vertalen
This guy sucks
Hi
...good pace , not slow, not fast, and good angles for a pause and play follow along, thanks...
THANK YOU SO MUCH I LOVE DOING THIS WITH MUSIC THANKS ALOT
IS GOOD.
Piece of shit! This is a scam!
I'm making these for charity
Your vid is awesome! I wasn't too sure about making one, but after seeing this, I'm confident. I'll keep you updated. Thanks!
I cannot do this I hate this so Much
made 2 for my daughyers. came out perfect! BUUUUT, the parts that are burnt down have sharp edges that scrape my daughters wrists. how do i remove the sharp edges of the paracord?
This is the best explained paracord bracelet video ever plz keep making them!!! I watch it over and over again !!!!!!!!thank u!!!!!!!!
Great tutorial!! just made my very first paracord bracelet ty ty
Thanks for this tut man... been ages since I've done anything with Paracord and just made a little bracket for my three year old!
you are so stupid you dumbo show the dang craft on camera you know we kind of need to see!
love it
Thanks this helped me and now I have 3 paracord braclets
thanks it really worked
Thank you Jay Baruchel
very easy and fun to learn how to do great tutorial couldn't have had a better instructor! try it everyone you won't regret giving it a shot!
Thank you very much for uploading this video.  It really helped :)
I hate this video you don't show how to do it👎  :(
So stupid
Thanks so much it helped a tonne
لوسمحت الخامات موجوده فين في مصر لو سمحت ردي
I love to do this
Thanks Kevin! I did it :D
Very easy to under stand😎😎😎😃😅😌😀😀😀✂️
it was so easy dude ..........thankyou so much .......i always wanted a one made by myself only
How do you make this bracelet with 2 colors?🤔
seems like it would be easier to clamp the top down so that it's not all over the place. this reminds me of lanyards we made as kids.
I try to do but I don no
thank for your help
I love this video it is a step by step tutorial that I needed badly to make one for my friend but I ended up making 2! It is great! But quick question what do u do if u have 2 different colors?
I used to be able to do it with this tutorial but now I can't I am not sure what's going wrong?
what  u use 2 mm or 4 mm paracord
What is the link for a paracord bracelet without a buckle?
Thx me & my dad where having a hard time
You suck
Why would you do this?
Great tutorial!  Any quick way to "patch" one of these longer? second one I made came out a little short
I did it the exact godamn fucking way you told me to and still ebded  upbwoth a fucking bundles of knots
muy buen video donde puedo conseguir el material
just made a paracord bracelet thank you
Great video, u did an amazing job, very explicit and easy to understand. :)
Thanks heaps for this.. I've been meaning to make these for ages (years).. and now thanks to you.. my first go was a complete success.. Thanks for your time and trouble and your clear instructions..
Cool video! Might you be open in having one of my songs in one?
Excellent - nice and simple, thank you!
Amazing explanation .
Just look for ShepherdSurvives page. You will find there the best survival instructions.
excellent video, learned quickly how to make them now i cant stop! my only issue is they  are ending up much smaller than my original measurement. im thinking i am not holding the clip on the first weave, could this be the issue?
Well done - good video!
Thank you so much! That is by far the easiest to understand tutorial In have found yet, and I've looked at quite  few.
Thank you man you helped me a bunch. I appreciate it
nice, thanks !
how much cm paracord is required can anyone pls tell me
Thanks for the tutorial! Imma be selling some bracelets tomorrow and this is much easier than the old way I knew! Thanks +KevinBrauer for helping me make some moolah! Much love to you, man!
Tip for the clip: those are exactly the same that are on these keychains you often get as a commercial-gift (?) sry don't know how you exactly call it, I'm from Germany
It still makes no since😭
Thank you for taking the time for posting these great tutorials!
THX BRO
Thank you for making this👍🏻
Superb Tutorial Thanks a lot KevinBrauer :)
U are great at explaining. You helped me alot😀 thanks!!
how to buy paracord?
This is the best video I seen on how to make one thank you so much for teaching us.
Hi, can you make a paracord for a water bottle handle.
bro thank u , u were so much help God be with u
thanks!! man.  like it
Jeez ide rather buy a ready made one
did it first time  thanks easy to follow video
Best tutorial and easy to follow. Thanks!
Wow! I thought it was very difficult to make a Paracord bracelet, but you make it very easy. Thanks!
Awesome video with great instructions! Was able to make one very easily! Thank you!
Dude this video is what I use every time I need a refresher. Awesome video.
Thank you for a beautifully done tutorial! I purchased a paracord loom from Walmart along with the materials. Taking it back! Using your tutorial is much easier
man you are not a teacher you are a beast thank you a lot i thought that to make this bracelet was going to be difficult
cheers I finally learnt how to do this watching your video thanks
Im going to make one and I know my family will be saying "another youtube thing you learned" and I will say "yes and not just this but it also got me through college math"
I'm a beginner and this video helped so much. thank you!! :)
Nice one. I like the black one I'm gonna make one sion
The best tutorial I have seen on the Cobra bracelet. Fast, easy and great instructions.
I didn't see the other video, but this one helped a lot! Can wait to try it for myself !! Best video I've seen so far!
I just did my first cobra weave thank you very much for this video bro :D!!!!!!
Great vid, but i fucked up bigtime :/
im trying to make a 4 inch one
Great video! I got a paracord bracelet that was about 2 inches too large, and used this to resize it to my wrist. Thanks!
Thank you for the website and the tutorial.
thank you for teaching
It did not help
I had the idea that these bracelets could be quickly undone in case of an emergency need for a rope.  Was I mislead?
great! easy to follow tutorial
I hate your voice and you
Great tutorial! Thank you
great, I was always wondering
Amazing tutorial !Thank You!
Thank You very much, it helped me a lot.
IT DOES NOT WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-_- BOO!
Using a lighter is dangerous for kids could it there be an easier way
Very easy to understand with step by step visual and verbal instructions!!!  Thank you!
Good teacher dude! Thank you!
what is the size of cord you're using? not sure if I missed it..
Hey, I like your bracelets very much, and I want to ask you, how thick the paracord must be ?
Thanks so much...I made mine along with you and it turned out great for my first time making one!! Thanks again!!
helps me a lot thxs
great helpful tutorial. thank you alot
Thanks ,that's great as I have 550 ,now to get started
What size paracord 550 or 325!
Thank you so much this made it so easy for us.......
forgot*
thank you so much! I learned it a while back but forgo, thanks though!!
Thanks bro. Honestly saved my life
you can also get the clips on amazon
Love it
Nicely done. Thanks!
omg thank you i just learned
Thanks so much...great tutorial!
ratioturr
D: too hard
do you think there is a way to make the wheeves with no clips? I'm atually looking to use it for something else
Man I got a rope burn just by watching this.
where i can buy that paracord and clips here in the Philippines ? tnx
thanks! this is great!!!
thanks man, massive help. Thank you.
Great Video! Best one I've seen!👍
great tutorial i had written instructions i got with a kit n didnt get it. made 2 so far with your help thank you.
who watches alfie aesthetics
Dosent fucking work dum ass
great video
THANKS
😎
Thanks again
Thanks for teaching me
You saved my life dude. I was suppose to make bracelets using this type of rope for a cancer fundraiser. I didn't know how to, but my parents forced me to do it...idk why. Until I found this video, it helped me so much, I wish I could hug you!!!
is this 550 paracord or 325
my little sister is wondering how to do the broken ends into the buckle. please help
my little sister is wondering how to do the broken ends into the buckle. please help
my little sister is wondering how to do the broken ends into the buckle.
my little sister is wondering how to do the broken ends into the buckle.
my little sister is wondering how to do the broken ends into the buckle?
my little sister is wondering how to do the broken ends into the buckle?
I just used this tutorial and it worked out best when I followed your instructions. :)  First few knots I did it wrong, but now I have the swing of it.  My daughter learned it in < 5 minutes.  Thanks!!!
it worked omg it worked
i was so excited when i finished my first one. This video is super helpful.
I made the bracelet it was fun.
Cool vid
Thank you very much for this. I found it very useful
Anyone that has issues with this, just look up hemp jewelry. It's literally the same thing with different material.
Can you make it for me if I send you  the para cord and the thing that you Snapit on
Very helpful! Thank you! I was so upset until I saw your video! I just made my first one it's white! And I'm working on a second one it's almost like a silver thanks you so much!!!!
Thank you so much! I used to know ho to make these but I forgot. I needed a refresher and this helped so much.
or you could just buy paracord from my shop :)   http://www.etsy.com/ca/shop/SandalwoodCreations  cool gifts and accessories paracord  jewlery  greeting cards  book marks stone coasters and more
Thank you !!
Nice! Bought 2 pcs. of paracord bracelet for my wife and son which were a bit bigger than their wrist, this will help a lot, thanks!
thanks Kevin. this is very helpful.
Sweet video! Easy and simply explained. Good job:)
Bro that's wonderful! I like this video.
fuck you
i hate u
yes this tutorial helped a lot thank you !
Thank you! That was exactly what I was looking for and it works great!
Thx for the help. Now I can do it in scouts
Loom band bracelets are way better.
you are good!thank you for showing me your talent it is a big help. keep it up!
this did not help
Thank you so much it took so long to find a helpful video
Oh my gosh THANK YOU!!!! You do not KNOW how long I was trying to find a clear and helpful tutorial on how to weave these things, now I could follow your video and totally know how.  Again, THANK YOU!!
Good video bro!
Slow
Worst video if you are sloe
oh you no when it is sizling you can use your to smoth it out so it wont in ravle
how mach is 10 ft in cm
thanks you so much! I liked
I am new to this and this helped me a lot to make my first bracelet.
THANK YOU !      FINALLY !    An easy no nonsense  tutorial  where I do not need to be a mathematician to figure out the measurement for a bracelet !
Did my first one right along with you.  Worked out beautifully!   Thank you.
I really like this tutorial, but I would suggest you add music or something in the background. keep up the good work though!!!
i made a necklace instead of a bracelets u
Great vid, thanks.
Simple step-by-step.  Well taught and easy to comprehend.  Thanks!
After you singed the ends, they done come undone?
Check out NightOfTheLivingBead on Etsy for some cool paracord bracelets and other jewelry!
these things are ez
hi my name is jayann i have been trying to make this bracelet but i dont know what i am doing wrong
Yo-mama! 😄
it helpt me so much, now i have a green nice bracelet!
that's easy thnx 4 the video
that's easy thnx 4 the video
he talk to much he just needed to get to the part to make the bracelet but not to be mean😡😅😆😇
Nice :-)
Thank you so much! I had a school assignment and I had to make a bracelet in one night. It was quick and easy.
Thank you. You explained things very well. I have been trying to figure out how to make something with my cords and watched few random videos. I finally made something watching this video. You actually talk instead of just texts. Thanks
Thank you, that video was excellent! I just made my husband one for his birthday!
Thx for showing me how.
I thought these were going to be so hard to make. I have a ton of cord left from making my horse halters, now I can start something new! Thanks!
waited so long to make it, thanks!!
thank you so much🙏
tnx for this
thanks a lot. this helped me. I recommend using flint and steel clips for extra style!!!
this guy is the best at explaining it! I used to know how to do this in the military, but being out 12 years now I forgot how and you sir reminded me! everyone else uses a stupid jig
My question is why would make this not trying to be mean
YOU SUCK
This is really hard with you ,my sis even bite me  cuz it was so hard
you need to explain better
OVER...UNDER...THRU...Please two quick questions...how much do you spend for the whole piece?   and do you buy the paracord by the roll?...would it be a good idea to make a templete to cut the paracord for a different wrist size??? Greetings
Thanks for such clear directions!
Why u make videos
thank you for the video I just made my first one!!! a tad snug, but for my 1st go I'm happy with it! again thank you!!!!!
Thx you helped me alot
didn't get it a bit is it that I'm using twine or doesn't it mater
it is amazing
OMG THANK YOU DUDE I DID IT!!!!
great tutorial that I have seen so far....thank you !!!
Thank you , you made it so easy.
Amazing. Thank you.
Thank you, that was super easy and fun!!!!
rubbish didn't help one bit
helped me alot. thank you for the great video
Amazing. Thank you.
nice to finally have an in depth tutorial lol
nice to finally have an in depth tutorial lol
great video, i just made one an it turned out good. thanks for posting this video.
Can you make a video on how to take the brackets apart
YOUR HAND PLACEMENT IS TOTAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!
what are the name of the clips?
what are the name of the clips?
what are the name of the clips?
you suck at it I cant even follow step #1
So slow
Thanks this video helped a lot!
I love your Brasilia 💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑👾👾👾
I love your new v😖
😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😛😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
Nice, thx...new sub
Beautiful job!
thank you very much! I need patience more than anything I think!
Watched this video and by the 3rd crossover I had it down and finished the bracelet and watched to the end on how to end it, thank you it's a really helpful video, you just earned yourself a sub
This still doesn't make any sense to me. I cross over the cord, go over that with the other cord, then pull WHICH end through? The right cord or the left cord? These stupid bracelets are frustrating.
To: KevinBrauer - Thumbs up (+1). I just made my first Paracord bracelet. Thanks for the help. I will be sharing this video.
Great! video , unlike other videos like this one.
Fantastic video! Excellent demonstration. Great finished product. Perfect amount of steps.
How can you do this with two colors?
Great video, thanks man.
so simpel loved it
It would be easier to see if you used two different colors.
your stupid this doesn't work 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻🖕
this is hard
This guy is the best one that I have had
thank you so much...it was very helpful..
Nice bracelet
Kevin come to Nothridge 3017 and give me the thread tomorrow at 12:00 clock
were do you get the thread at in midland Texas
it's gayyyy
looks easy.  I'll be trying it. thanks man. do you sell yours in case I fail?  lmao
I got a paracord bracelet making kit for christmas but the instructions were so unclear and jibberish. My dad told me to youtube it and I found you... this vid was super duper helpful thanks :-)
TYSM! I bought a kit and it had directions but I couldn't understand them very well
Thank you for this! This is really simple to understand.
This was super helpful! Thank you.
Very cool, easy to follow, thanks
It helped me so much! Thank you!
Found let very quickly thx
Thank you so much, I wanted to make my dad one and the instructions on the web got me nothing but FRUSTRATED, yours was easy to follow, and helped me make a great looking gift.  THANKS!
nice thanks you ! :):)
Might want to add pull tight on each time otherwise your gonna get one short end and one long end
I do not get it
10,000th subscriber this video was very helpful
Thanks, my 8 year old was able to follow and make this bracelet.
interesting I will start with this :) I am a newbie in this
u are awesome thx  for help!
Amazon too..
that's nice good job..
Cool
а я покупаю паракорд тут http://alipromo.com/redirect/cpa/o/nyuyy5n0eies1l7lml88m6ext9ocmc5i/
IT WORKED PERFECTLY!!!! :) YOUR INSTRUCTIONS WERE WAY EASIER TO FOLLOW THAN THE INSTRUCTIONS BOOKLET THAT CAME WITH THE PARACORD BRACELET KIT THAT I BOUGHT. THANKS BRO!!!!! :)))
You are one of the best at explaining the Cobra knot.  Thank you.  Made my first Cobra bracelet. Nice. Easy! Happy Holidays!
Nerd
Yey! Just made my first one. Thank you for showing me so clearly. My son is now wearing it. 😊
you can get the string at walmart
Eli Nathan, un tie the bracelet all of the way, then re-fit the bracelet by measuring wrists using 1in-1ft so if your wrists are 6in use 6ft of cord to tie the bracelet again
thanks you helped a lot
OMG thanks for teaching me how to make a paracord bracelet! 😊
Thank you so much!! very helpful!👍😊
Nice :-)
Thank you! You explained everything greatly!
How much would you change to make some paracord YouTube videos? Thanks jake
This video is a awesome tutorial thanks a lot :)
Your video is the most helpful i've seen on here! Thanks man!
I am also designing same stuff, I am Satya from India,  please do visit my some awesome Paracord Survival Bracelets on this page and please do like my page. https://www.facebook.com/550SurvivalParacordBracelets/
is cool
dees nuts
great tutorial!!!!
i get all of my stuff from http://www.survival-pax.com/  make them a little big, when they get wet they will shrink. they will nener stretch.
great tutorail
awesome !!!
just made one
great tut, saw it before but couldn't understand, after I've been messing with some 550 and different types of knots over the past few months it was crystal clear, question though, IF needed does this come undone quickly? or do I have to undo every knot? thanks brother.
this video is very helpful ... I just made one m
This helped alot. This looks easy
this is cool who taught you bro.......
Thanks a bunch! I made my first paracord bracelet using Black and Pink! I somehow (thanks to my mum, too) managed to use the lighter to put the two ends of the colours together. It looks so pretty! Thanks!
what if you want to add a bead between weave?
Definitely not  1 foot per one Inch. More like 8-9 inches per inch of bracelet.
it was great! one of the reasons I watched it tho was that I haven't made a braclet in a long while. just needed some catching up!
very easy to follow thanks!
Looks Great! Thank you.
Ya loop it, ya swoop it, ya pull...
your stupid website dont exist!!!!
I just got one which is to long, is there a way to shorten it?
Very nice tutorial 👍👍
thank you so much for this tutorial it helped me so much
loved it!
Thanks Great tutorial.
IS there a reason that you don't buy the buckle from camping survival website? Their prices seem to be competitive enough. Is is something you don't like about the quality?
Hey guys !  I work for the swedish armed forces, and I'v just started to to sell paracord bracelets. The profit I make will go to the syrian refugees. Please check out my instagram page, handmadeparacord7
next be more specific and actually show everything instead of some parts being at the top of the screen besides that not a bad tutorial
excellent
http://m.ebay.com/itm/rainbow-fishtail-braclet-/121756492009?nav=SELLING_ACTIVE
Got one of these in my lootcrate it was awesome so i wanted more, and my friend wants one too, now i know how to make em' thank dude BIG GIANT FIRCKIN' LIKE from me
Thanks man
yay my first bracelet thanks alot my friends will be so jealous lol thanks alot this was hard at first then it got soo easy thanks (i said thanks like 3 times XD)
Thanks for the tutorial Man!
I got a little pack of two cord with two buckles at the fair and wanted to try making such a bracelet - glad i found your tutorial it helped me a lot ♥  thanks for uploading this - you explained everyhting really good and it was easy to follow :)
Thnx bro this was very useful
I got a paracord kit for christmas one year. And i have never made a bracelet because it was SO FREAKIN COMPLICATED
Great video! Definitely gonna try this! Lokks really fun and the end result looks great! Gotta serve great as a gift as well!
I already make my bracelet for myself but it was so epic ; it's too tight my wrist can't even breathe 😑😂
Dude you are awesome, thank you for making this very helpful video !! Keep up the good work and I hope others appreciate the time you took to make this how to for us ! Keep on going dude !
hate it you suck sooooooooooo much
This bracelet looks awesome, can you tell me how many millimeters thick paracords did you use?  Thanks
Enjoyed the video
Really a well done video. Going to work on my first one in a little while, but thanks for the instruction and great teaching.
Spot on tuition, thanks a lot. Always fascinated how to do a standard cobra weave. No survival needs, just a curiosity. Cheers :-)
this was a great tutorial. I am volunteering at a scout camp and had to learn this yo teach to 9 year old boys. thanks for clear, easy instructions!!!
WHY DO YOUI USE A LIGHTER THATS RIDICULOUS
I get mine at Jo Ann's but also obey lobby
Gracias
Where do you get the paracord
IT IS REALLY GREAT VERY CLEAR BUT TIP : secure the second buckle with plaster to the table for not losing the measurement
my son has found a loophole in your explanation!
Yes....✌😀
Love the tutorial. Great clear voice and some easy instructions. Nice work! :)
Thank you so much this was very helpful!!!
this video did not help me at all . my bracelet didn't look like that in the end
I just made my first bracelet thanks to this video. I'm not very savvy with my hands when it come to crafts, but this took away a lot of the confusion! Thank you!
looks awesome!What size buckles for 3mm 550 paracord please?
Thnx Broo Easy and Simple....
I was given a paracord bracelet kit as a gift, and the instructions on it were impossible to decipher. This tutorial is very simple and informative. The bracelet was so easy to make. Thank you so much!
It looked like u had 4 strings but I only have 2
WOW!! Thanks for the easy instructions.. I think I got it!!
thank you so muchh.Its help me alot and finally ,i got it haha thank you again from Vietnam
thank you it worked i will subscribe for more content! :)
this video helped me do my first braclet thanks u are the  S@^! hope you put more vids on here
A
Slow it down a little
This tutorial was great I picked it up really quick
Does anyone know how to use this same design (King Cobra) and add a charm to it?  I have a couple of charms including a compass but have not seen a video on how to use them with this design.
Nice tutorial, thank you!
Nice video
thank you
excellent tutorial. i just made one following the Mad Max tutorial.. but didn't like how it was tied to your wrist. this is much better because of the buckle. thanks.
U can't have probalem at that measuring part around your wrist  Close it the buckle and put it trough you hand then tighten it
I'm 9 years old and I still think that this is hard because I am new to this
That's nice and easy
This video helped so much, I have the written instructions which were so hard to follow. Easy for kids to follow too!! love it!
Was looking over onhttp://www.campingsurvival.com/paracord.html?cat=9&p=3  and they offer two variations of the 5/8 clips. Which would you recommend. The Rothco for .55 cents each or the one next to it for .35 cents each. Just curios which of the two you woulds use. Thanks
YOU HELPED MORE THEN THE PIS IF PAPER THEY GIVE YOU THX BRO
thank you!! your video was very well done and easy to follow!!
I made a belt
How can I add pony beads to these bracelets?
thanks for the info video!
Thank You. My 9 yr old daughter really learned a lot from this very easy to understand tutorial. Thanks much!
thanks for this video! it was the easiest to follow tutorial i've found so far. my first bracelet turned out great (although a bit small for me, by accident).
any ideas on a source of magnesium beads to add to the assembly process? this would be a great addition for afire starter.
very helpful, thanks !!!!
You explained it so good I made it perfect thank you so much  survivalist911
how long is your piece of string
It really  helped me make my paracord  bracelet
Great vid! Worked great well
You made it easy for a beginner thank you
Excellent (y)
this helped a whole lot, THANK YOU!!!
A very well-made tutorial. Great job!
If you want to buy bulk paracord MADE IN THE USA, check out Franklin Braid Mills in VA. http://www.franklinbraid.com/550%20Paracord.html
This really helped me
this is a very cool itry at home very good !!!
Fabulous tutorial!!  Especially the part about forgetting which side is next.  Thank you !!
So awsome
OMG you made it so easy to make!  Thank you!  here's my finished one https://scontent-sea.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xat1/v/t1.0-9/11218529_10205905250647905_750303859024270360_n.jpg?oh=c8de7ab94351052c35a2436793168d63&oe=55D49643
Hi the is not in UAE can u tell some othere shop
I just made my first bracelet because of you thank you so much
IDIOT! When he said dont touch the melted ends rigt after you take the lighter away! When he took the ligter away the first thing he did was smear his thumb into the ends! >:{
You did a great job!
This was awesome! Very helpful! I had tried with written instructions and it was coming out very comical! :) Thank you so much for posting this!!
Stink
nice video. you can visit my channel if you want
very good, need to learn how do make these bracelets, you help a lot Thank and keep up the good work.
great tutorial, more undertand that others, keep ahead.
TFS now I know how to make basic Cobra paracord bracelet. i sub to you now can u sub me please thank you
nice thanx
Can you not burn it or do you have to with a buckle
It is soo easy now
Get it from paracord galaxy it's cheaper
Well done.  Bravo!
How would I do the loop
It NEVER works:(
Thanks this really helped me because I was sooooo  confused. 😊😊
What a fantastic tutorial! You actually took your time to show how to weave the paracord properly and showed how to finish it! Well done. Can't wait to start on mine. Thanks.
Nicely
Great video... Loot Crate made me come here.
Just saying BTW you can buy paracord bracelets already made with a whistle, knife, and compass...I'm buying one for a dollar and the cool thing about it is that it's camo
Mine was oversize so I'll give it to my art teacher and make me one that is purple
I`m just getting into EDC here in U.K. so just wearing a paracord bracelet for response, most people have no idea what it is here and in fairness I`m a newbie to it all but I like it.
This was so helpful. Thank you!
Thanks bro i did my own bracelet and also a belt, thanks for you ery good tutorial  video.
One of the very best videos I have watched, thank u so much.
Very nice video tutorial.  Now i know how to make my own.  I'd like to see one with few different ropes in it
really cool to do and is cool
I thought its damn hard. But it is actually pretty easy. :)
Thanks this really helped for my first time making one can't wait to make more as well as starting different designs and different applications besides just bracelets
Amazing. Thanks so much.
Mr.Sir thank you for reminding me how this is done.
Great Video
That was very helpful I love my new bracelet! Thanks!
Instead of waiting to touch the fused ends, use the scissors blades and just put it on that right away
Good tutorial.  Was easy one you get the hang of it.
Once you explained to go with the side with the loop over if you had forgot which side was next, then it was easy. Thanks it really helped.
you are going to fast and i got now of it so please slow down
Great instructions.  I did it perfect on the first try thanks to this video
Thank you. My mom tried about 10 times to make this. But as soon as she did it the 9th time, I told her " Try looking on YouTube" thanks very much. You helped me make my 1st paracord bracelet!
How long is your in feet? Please reply
thank you
Fantastic video, helped a lot. Keep making the great Videos!
Worked great, thanks!
This helped so much! Thank you!!
Thanks this really helped me.
thx very helpful
This tutorial was very helpful. My husband has a jeep wrangler and the straps that hold the door broke. We ordered new straps but they broke within 6 months. Order some "tough" straps and they broke within 6 months as well. made this paracord bracelet with small key rings on the ends. Works perfect. Thanks for sharing!!
Brilliant..... Your tutorial will provide me with a few xmas goodies for not only the fellows in my regiment , ( Though 'not' black)  but also a few in other branches of the HM UK armed forces. Thanks.
Thank you,  my son was struggling to make a bracelet and we watched several video without success.  Bracelet done and my son is happy.
Thank you! I've had the buckles and cord in my desk for years and just by chance found this video today. Made my bracelet with ease!
Thanks bud!
Fantastic video! Thank you so much. I love my new paracord bracelet
What is your real name  Tried so many x
Thanks I finally get it
I'm the only one that hasn't made just one paracord bracelet😢
Really easy to follow -  great video thanks :)
Thank u so much, so pleased I watched ur vid. I was getting so confused with which way to knot it. Defo watching ur vid next time I make 1
Would Like to Use that as a Watch Band, not sure if the paracord is too thick tofit properly.  Any ideas?
You sound like hiccup from How to Train a Dragon
Awesome tutorial! Thanks!
This is awesome thanks heaps ! I used a whole 16ft and ended up making a king cobra with just your tutorial. !! :)
Thank you so much, this really helped me out a lot. I got a kit for Christmas and the instructions were difficult for me. So I'm glad I found this video to help me.
Wow, I'm gonna buy some paracord now :D
Neat bracelet can't Waite to make one just had to find out how to add the buckle
T H A N K   Y O U ...
Very simple to follow, thanks man. I made my daughter our first pink bracelet.
how do i untie it if i need to use it? is there a practical and easy way?
DqoasquLAaAldzeSbaqsš a new
I followed your instruction and was able to make my 2 boys really cool bracelets with ease. I do alot of hiking and happen to have like 500 feet of olive 550 cord laying around. Thanks for the tutorial.
I do appreciate your work.  Thanks
Well fucking explain better
Thanks so much. Great work.
this is not working
You are the best person in the world
Awesome videos.. Now I can make one of my own! Thanks guys!!
lots of room to work with but a lot or extra going in the trash when going with more then whats needed  ;-)
Nicely done. I prefer to pull the cord ends back through a few knots, rather than burning them, for a cleaner finish.
I finally got it right! Thanks man! You forgot a hint though... I had to remake it a lot of times just because it was way to tight around my wrist. But when you measure your wrist you got to add a little distance because it gets smaller along the way. I think its best to regularly check if it fits around your wrist. But as they say: Practice makes perfect!
Awesome! best one so far
This took a few trys. But now I have mastered it. Great video
This was a great show it help me :)!
I got my first paracord loom for Christmas but I haven't made anything yet
OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH! I Finally get it now! The problem is I though I had to cut the short amount of string stuff I had in half (I didn't have much) and my string was way to small so I couldn't finish it but thanks!
I tried but I couldn't do it 😠😠😭😭😠😭😠
You did wonderful at explaining good job!!
thanks
If you keep doing it you will now how to do it by yourself
I am Here to I just can't do it
Best step by step video yet !  I couldn't get it either until I watched your video, Thanks for sharing !
Tx. I made it 4 first time.
awesome thanks very much for the tutorial, I've just made my 1st survival bracelet as a gift to my son on christmas eve with the couplings with whistle and flint using camo paracord and I'm made up he he! merry christmas 8-)
Mine was pretty tight but it stretched out
You have no life
it also really helps duct taping the two clips down when your weaving
btw I also found a whole section for these materials at micheals
<-------
nice work. Thanks for the tutorial :)
Thanks soo much, really helped me. I learned how to do these at a camp when i was a kid and soon forgot.
WOW! I always wanted to know ho how to make this bracelet! It´s really east
You are awesome you make it sound easy!
this was so helpful thanks so much!!!! I watched some guys video and he totally did it extra hard and didn't do it like you did. AWESOMENESS!!! :)
COOL
this was very very helpful  slow enough for an ole gal to understand and made my first paracord bracelet
Good vid needs more specifics
I made a collar for my dog ^-^ LOL. It Wasn't that hard. Your a good teacher, I understood every step! Except that I didn't have a lighter so I used super glue instead ;) it still worked! And I also kinda got my fingers stuck together... Lol XD
How does paracord help you survive?
It confused me at 5:06 because it was only 2 parts of the band and  Then he made it 4 off the camera
I like it. .
Thanks for teaching me how BRO
so if my wrist is 8" and my clip measures 2" long when clasped together should i make a 6" bracelet allowing for the 2" of length the clip takes up?
nice tutorial is this a 550 strand paracord?  thanks for the video..
My friend owns CampingSurvival.com. It's a fantastic resource with GREAT prices on paracord! They also sell the clips. Great customer service too. I just bought a bunch to make bracelets, and I'm learning from your tutorial :o)
Thanks Mate. Great Tutorial
Great tutorial!! Thanks!!
Is there a way to make a two color bracelet? The other videos out there made by other people suck. This is the best thx.
The end of my bracelet keeps falling apart
is there a way to do this without buying a clip
Excellent video. Thank you
How many metres do you need for one bracelet?
This tutorial helped me out a lot for my very first paracord bracelet. Thank you. Came out very nicely. :)
thank you thank you  tried so many times you made this so much easier for me
OMG SLOW DOWNNNN
I really enjoyed your video. I loved the way you explained step by step,it helped me learn fast. Thanks my grandchildren are so happy with their bracelets.
Thanks bro, just made my first paracord bracelet! Easy to follow. Great vid.
Subbed! Great video!
Very dope
Amei! Muito legal!!!
Ended up with like 2 extra feet of paracord
thanks man, this was a really good tutorial. I didnt measure right so it turned out a bit too small, so im just going to give it to my little brother :)
this video helps heaps s
Yes you made it very simple. Thank you!
This helped a lot your video was the only video that helped!
very helpful
great job
Super clear, easy to follow tutorial! Thanks.
I don't see many guys wearing them where I live.  Are they worn? I love my paracord bracelets. I have them made online. I have regular cobra, king and triple cobra.  I probably have 50 total in all colors.
U rock!
U don't help 😡😡😡😡
That was the best tutorial for a beginner..like me! Thank you
that was amazing i made one thank you so much,it was awesome
Is there a knotting technique which allows you to quickly untie it?
great video man!!!
very helpful ....you made instuctions so simple and clear...Thankyou!!!
First time EVER making a survival bracelet after watching your video.  Yeah, I took it to the next level and wove my watch and my button compass into it :)  Your easy going yet detailed method of explaining how-to made it easy to improvise...awesome man, THANKS!
Great tutorial !!
Thank you so much!!!
Thanks man :)
Thank I made my own for the first time and it was a success!
nice i loved the video +survivalist911 keep up the good work!!
I buy all of my clips from dog collars and just cut off the fabric.
Great tutorial!!
Thx for your help!!!! how simply this might seem, I just wasn't able to get it true my head!! now thx to you I am!!!
Thank you so much this gave the best detail than any other I had some problems with the clip but not anymore
I don't have that black clip thing
Its there a way you could show a video where you are using 2 different colors. Greatly appreciated. TM
Best and easiest Video I have seen. Thank you.
Ok, i just made a bracelet. It came out great! A little tight, but still very good. Thanks again! And I subscribed and liked!
Thank you! This is the best video on how to make a paracord bracelet.
Great Video Thanks for sharing. Saved me ten bucks. And mine is tighter than what they were selling.
I Just Subscribed To You Right After The Video Tutorial! You Seemed To Be A Person Who Tells It Specifically & Easy. Now I Will Know What To Do! A Thousand Thanks Man!
Hey thx this helped me a lot
great!!!! i have finish it in a few minutes!!!
I'm 9 years old thank u for the help
Thank u
Thanks I did it fast :)
Thanks this is a great video
I love this vid thank you for the help
GREAT tutorial! Thanks! :)
thanks bro
i hate parachord
Thank you for the video, very helpful and good pace for newbies 😊
Thank you soo much I learn how too do my too plz it was my first time I thought is was hard but it was easy thank you for your video
is it possible to mix the colours?
Helped a lot, thanks!
Fantastic tutorial! I've watched others and they were confusing for sure. This tutorial is amazing and I have my first paracord bracelet. Thanks!!!
At first it was hard but then it was easy
Just go buy one
you are the best u just earned a subscriber
Thanks for the help
You can get this stuff at Michaels arts and crafts too.
Thanks so much
Thank you so much
made this and u just got another sub!
I did my first bracelet yay! Thanks :-)
I was so confused on this bracelet and this vid helped me a lot!!!
Very nice tutorial. Thanx!
You are the best, Thankss :D
Thank you very much for this video. You helped me learn how to make my very first bracelet & with much success. - xo ~ JujuB.
Good vid
Very helpful thank you!!🙏👍👊
That's a good video keep them going :P BTW do you know if it works with hoochie cord? :)
Thank you. I just made my first bracelet at 430 AM (couldn't sleep) You made it simple to understand. Now I can make my Husband and the rest of my family one as well. Once again Thank You!
Thanks so Much for the tutorial!!!! It was easy and fun!
I DONT KNOW HOW TO DO THIS
Walmart has a kit that tells you to glue and a bunch of stuff?
thanks man
Very informative!thank you!
thank u very much u helped me a lot so thank u
both tutorials were great..Thanks
Thank you I couldn't make it
Mahalo for your video bruddah. Simple and easy to understand.
great tutorial, made my first earlier today, but gotta be honest, all i can think of is "Hiccup's how to make a bracelet"
Thank you so much! I watched several videos and yours is the most helpful and easiest to follow. Thanks!
Amazing dude thanks for the idvice!!
thank you so much! I learned only on the first stitch! thanks (:
Thanks for the help! Great video. Straight to the point and you explain your way through every step.
thank u so much it really helped to watch this video because the instructions it came with didn't explain it very well so thanks
So, next weekend I'm going camping with my daughter's Girl Scout troop  and the council signed me up to work in the ParaCord Bracelet making station, but today at the meeting the activity chaperone left before gracing me with her bracelet skills... And, well, here I am.  Thanks for this tutorial. The message is clear and your steps are super easy to follow.  I'm going to make 4 for each of the members of my family, just because they are cool looking bracelets as well as practical.   Nice job.
It helped me SOO MUCH thanks dude
Sweet even I can follow your instructions! I think I want the fire steel buckle. Good job man.
You made this super easy to learn,thanks so much!!
Thanks a lot man. This really helped me.
Awesome vid bro. Got it on the first attempt and looks great!
I get stuff from my army supplies store
thank you so much for the video this is my first bracelet and it worked awesome now do you have a video where you have two colors I would love to learn with more colors?
Nice!
My son thought this was great and easy to learn, thx
Thanks
Great vid!! Thanks a lot!! 👍
Thanks for the video .. This will be my first bracelet so I watched it at least 2 times to understand how to get it. Ounce I got how to do it I could do it faster.  Thanks and God Bless.
Great video!! Taught me how to make these bracelets just today. I will PM you with a question I have.
thanks a lot dude, very nice step by step :) I made mine without the clip, but still worked. Cheers, Martial
