Came back to this video (god I've been watching you for a decade now?) and I excitedly told my girlfriend "This video made so many people mad!!! They think there's a penny missing" and she was like "How on earth did you remember that."
The US Mint calls them Pennies lol
I still can't believe that the "empty" penny spot was actually just a dirty penny all along!
It is interesting how many people took you singing swinging on a star (an amazing song) as a Hudson hawk reference, and I took it as an Out of this World reference. I guess different eras. I would love to know which, if either, it was that introduced you to the song.
I wonder if he measure first or just got lucky that a full grid would fit.
I need your address so I can fix the dark penny problem once and for all. They need to be uniform!
If I hadn't watched you make the handles, I never would have guessed that they were made from copper pipe. Beautifully made, well done, Peter!
I am sorry, is no one going to point out the fact that those glasses have no lenses?! O.o
You're an evil evil man for leaving a penny out when it would have fit perfectly just to mess with people with OCD
Your mixing jar back then.. . What a time.
Why was there a penny missing
I guess the word penny comes from the word pence, then?
Did you know that copper doesn't have an inherent smell?  It's the chemicals on your fingers that cause it to smell that way.
with all do respect Britain is not a colony. USA on other hand (before become independent) belonged to Britain as a colony. jeez I'm not even British and I know the history. what do they the`ch you at school?!
If you ever work with copper again, heat it up to cherry red and quench it in water it will go soft and workable.
pennies have been taken out of circulation.  In my country.
These are way more expensive to make in Canada because we have to use nickels since stopped using pennies many years ago.
Why don't you just layede them down and poored the resin
You are missing a penny in the 8th row from the bottom, 6th piece from the left. Its driving me crazy
watchin this in 2020 and ehem that dark penny did make me look twice... its almost as black as the background and made me think it was a missing penny. i actually do get a bit ocd when it comes to patterns and my husband knows this.... so he purposley put his first initial in arabic on the tiles near the door in our main bathroom when he put the tiles up on the wall.....funny enough you putting that dark penny there reminded me of his antics.
More like this!!
I am so in love with this!
How can you miss one penny wow
Love the googly eyes!
Being 28 and hearing you sing little lulu songs weirds me out in the best nostalgia-esque way ever
A penny saved and crafted into something beautiful is many pennies earned!!  😍
You sir, are my favorite youtuber. Keep up the good work
Only Then did he notice it was a rare 1955 double die penny!
I like that missing/dark penny
This is almost a $4 dollar table.
*Curse you, Dark Penny!*
"Eat your heart out, pintrest" Utter Awesomeness
I seriously thought you left one out just to trigger some people. Still not certain there's a penny there.
There's One Missing!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a waste of money but looks cool
Does anyone that doesn't have OCD have any idea about it?! I have it, we have pennies in England, and I don't think you're allowed to use coins in such a way here!😀😋
You should have done all the pennies head up expect one for a more subtle  look
All I could stare at was the missing penny 😂
How many wheat pennies did you stick in there?????
For anyone who cares, there's $3.91 worth of pennies on that tray
It kinda looks like he's missing a penny but a think it's just a really dark and dirty one
Love everything except the handles
Pretty damn sure we call them Pennies here in the US... no idea what he's talking about...
that hole without the penny is killing me ugggg
I wonder if people would be more or less triggered if you had used one single dime instead of that black penny?
How about a pizza serving tray
That one empty spot🙄😖☹️😬
I really liked this project. I really liked how all the pennies looked different even though they’re all the same (currency wise that is) it’s really unique and I find it to be truly amazing. Bravo!  Keep up the fantastic work!
Was this your first resin project?
1:44 you could say the term isn’t   Coined?
Are we just going to ignore the one missing penny?
I KNOW THIS WAS FOUR YEARS AGO! BUT WHYYY DID YOU LEAVE ONE PENNY OOOUUT!!!!!!!!!???????!!!!!!!!???????
I just lost a bet to my husband over that black penny. My OCD was giving me conniption fits over that black penny. Thankfully the comments proved hubby right and it wasn't an absent penny like I thought. LOL
I SMELL PENNIES
Curse of the black penny or to be politically correct the curse of the black cent
Right next door to hell by Guns N’ Roses is 3 minutes btw
How much is that worth now?
You sir is a very talented man
I don't see a dark penny I just see the black background behind the pennies which signifies that one is missing
everyone just hating that one dark penny is so relateable
Wait was there a single penny missing?!
Happily new to your channel.  Loving how real you are. Loving how you show us the good, the bad, and the ugly.  Loving your random references.  And Hudson Hawk made me finally decide to share my thoughts.
A penny saved is a penny earned
Make some  body armor for the Demolition Ranch to try out
You are a great singer and your funny. Love your videos. Thanks for making them.
If I counted and used the calculator right, that's 391 pennies.
Wherrreeeeeeeeeee is the penny Peter. Where is THE PENNY
I guess I'm not as OCD as I thought. The dark penny doesn't bother me, lol. If you do another penny project there's a way to remove the copper plating from newer pennies (beyond 1983) and reveal their shiny zinc cores. Though, it is a LOT of work to polish them up. I might try my hand at some kind of penny project like that.
THEY AREN'T CALLED PENNIES???? NANI!! MY LIFES A LIE!
391 pennies
This applies to all your resin based projects.  If you have a vacuum pump and tank you can vacuum the resin.  This will remove all the air bubbles.  If your tank you can watch the bubbles come out.  This is unbelievable to watch.
Is it missing a penny!?
My OCD is triggered! There's a penny missing!!
Hay i like triva        (Hay is what horses eat lmao
It's pretty fun watching these in (mostly) backwards chronological order, especially since you don't always call out when you've found something new. I just get to one and notice "ah, Peter hadn't yet found the resin measure cups, probably because he hadn't done much with resin yet..." :)
Y 8s there a penny missing?
But we do call them pennies...
Googly eyes l o c a t e d
I actually paused the video to look up penny official usage.... and I'm... stunned. 10/10 video
Oml the missing coin 😂
Is it just me whos brain started to get confused by the word the penny because he said it so many times lmao
That black spot... You are a monster!!
That blank space messed with me on a fundamental level
theres 1 missing..
Does anyone else get pissed off by the missing penny
It is officially called a penny FYI
It dose not make sence is it called penny or not in the USA
You should've soaked the pennies in vinegar or coke beforehand to clean them off and make them shine
That one penny is killing me
Really appreciate the Hudson Hawk reference
And now I'm going to have to watch Hudson Hawk again......
Why leave one out it's pure evil
Disliked because of that dark ass penny i cant see
So many penny jokes, they really are a dime a dozen.
Is that definitely a dark penny? Because he did say he was going to miss one? Either way it’s frustrating
Im calling the FBI
That missing penny tho... so much OCD....     AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
That ONE penny in the MIDDLE of the tray is going to haunt me for the rest of my life, i swear.....
There's a penny missing😨
That dark penny though...
A Hudson Hawk reference? You truly are my favourite maker.
Peter if you work with copper again use a blow torch to heat it cherry red and quench it in water it will go butter soft
That missing penny is so annoying
please make shoes. out of resin.
That one missing penny 😱😖
And it costs only pennies to make.
He MISSED A PENNY
Thanks! I hate it.
omg the hudson hawk reffrence
Good choice in music. haven't heard that song outside of Hudson hawk before
Peter you forgot one more penny
3:01 RIGHT ABOVE ONE OF THE LIGHT REFLECTIONS THERE'S A SPOT WITHOUT A PENNY
Why is there one missing it is so annoying
Throw back to the guy who did hos floor like this
Love Hudson hawk!!!
Good job taking a 50 cent tray and increasing the value to at least 418 cents
Personally, I woulda soaked those pennies in vinegar for a half hour before assembly. They would have been shining!
You use 3 dollars and 91 cents in pennies
WHY. IS. THERE. A. PENNY. MISSING. WHY PETER
YOU MISSED A PENNY!
Why is there a penny missing?
We got about 5 minutes and change.  5:32, Swinging on a Star.
Okay I don't have ocd but that one missing mad me so mad
Love your singing voice <3 keep up the creativity!
I’d be cool to have the penny’s alternating from heads to tails
That one spot....my OCD.....
The one dark spot is driving me bonkers! But I love your work!
i can smell the pennies through the screen
I make jewelry- Im going to suggest when you run out of pipe to pick up sheet copper (or other metals) they are pretty cheap and it would be a lot less work. Also to shape the metal into interesting shapes, use a metal pull saw in stead of sheers.
0:01 Guys with hair like this have a 0% chance of being the sharpest tool in the shed.
If u r ever going to do this again to a piece of copper pipe , use “M”-type copper ( the ones with the red line on it ) . They have thinner walls than “L”-type copper (blue line) .
fuck you and that one penny
I love it!
A penny for your thought
Lol that hudson hawk reference though.
It's a penny not a cent stop it. It's officially named penny because 99% of the us says penny not cent... :')
There is one coin missing
I guess the term penny hasn’t been *coined* in America
cmon that one missing penny is kind of irritating but....I realy liked the video I couldn't do that if I tried and I wouldn't have the patience to anyway
Hey, always good to see Alexandre Dumas' work being appreciated!
That song brought back memories!  (ETA: I had a VHS of old cartoons growing up and this song was in one of them - read through the comments and saw the 'Hudson Hawk' reference, that's not where I remember it from).
A mans shop is the equivalent of a woman's purse. You look hard enough you can find just about anything.
Total comes to $3.91. Yes, I actually took the time to count and yes I have no life.
I like you, Peter.
Thank you for the Hudson Hawk reference. Made my day.
Did you leave a penny out? I hate you XD you kill us OCD people
you could've just laid Plexiglass over the top haha
why is the one penny missing
I HATE YOU SO MUCH RIGHT NOW YOU EVIL PERSON. HOW DARE YOU LEAVE THAT PENNY OUT, ITS SO ANNOYING!!!!!!!!! T^T im slowly dying on the inside.................
Did I hear a Hudson Hawk reference?
I love you for throwing in the dark one, pissing off everyone
am i olny one who noticed one missing penny ?
It's funny how many people think there is a penny missing when it's clearly there, just very dirty. This video is very awesome!!
3 years later, the penny is still bugging the hell out of me
*YOU MISSED A PENNY*
I loved this project. I love everything you do. And I must admit I was dumbfounded when you started singing "Would you like to swing on a star?" You are too young to normally have learned that ....just goes to show you had good parents who introduced you to some wonderful music from before your time. Take care and make sure your kids get that same exposure at a young age. Lovingly Grammy Lynne
This reminds me of something I saw to do to a hardwood floor----I can't imagine doing that to a whole floor! I'd love to see something with postage stamps---like a wooden mailbox or letter opener. I love your channel and now understand why hand made wood items cost so much! I had NO idea how much work went into them!
OH MY GOD YOU ACTUALLY LEFT A PENNY OUT UGH SMH
Could we use a hot glue gun for this
To put my 391 cents in, I think this is pretty nice. The pattern created is very interesting.  (yes, there are 391 pennies. I can math.)
1000th comment
WHY DID YOU NOT PUT THAT ONE PENNY OMFG
"eat your heart out, pinterest"
My OCD is killing me with that missing penny
You have a great singing voice!
love your vids man keep a up
where do you buy your Epoxy Resin?? i have a couple hardware stores where I live but none of them seem to carry what i think I'm looking for
the official name for a penny is a "one cent piece"
Here's a question, that has probably been asked before [sorry, I don't tend to read all the comments].... isn't there a risk of taking metal to ANYthing with sand paper? Like... wouldn't there be a risk of it cutting/tearing it?
you are my favorite person to watch! excellent videos!!
algum br?
Super Glaze, and the Resin Ators.
shine them pennies next time, then maybe folks won't think you buggered up and missed one lol.
I hate my life now, you know what you did
just saw this and my ocd is going berserk with all the pennies facing different directions,  not all on one side and THE ONE MISSING lol.  great vid though.
What oil do you use for finishing?
That single missing penny
can't stand that one hole
0:38 "I will definitely be editing that out"   welp. 😂
why does he have pennies hes American?
children in Africa could have eaten those pennys
so now you are a criminal for micro damaging the economy, as well as people that do rings with coins
I *zinc* you did a great job on this one, Peter!
the missing penny in the 8th row pisses me off
you must be so strong ;)
You should do soda bottle tops off glass bottles like you did the pennies
It seems that there is one missed coin (black hole).
Calm down everyone, there IS a penny there, it's just very dark. In the end shot you can clearly see part of the edge.
I really enjoyed this video.... until I noticed the missing penny!!!
"Eat your heart out Pinterest" 😂
how do i report this for being too awesome, you have earned my sub
UR KILLING MY OCD MAN THE ONE BLACK ONE!
you should make a wooden padlock that works
The missing penny ruins it :(( for me tho no hate boo
love the Hudson Hawk reference :-)
THERE'S ONE MISSING! 😱
Did he just call Britain a colony? That son of a ...
99 People with OCD on the wall 99 People with OCD 1 Falls down now there's a gap Even more people with OCD are triggered
Love the Hudson Hawk reference!
I prefer the videos after he added the intro... that's just my two cents ;)
Everyone in the comment section is blind lollll
Ha, i know that reference! Hudson Hawk!
hey one question why or when  you need to put the hot fan to set it o to ended ?
Одной монеты не хватило?...
you used $4.14
You realize you're missing a penny in the middle?
you  should  have soaked them in vinegar for a bit to clean them
that one spot missing a penny 😧
comment section be like "HOW COULD YOU MISS THAT PENNY". I really don't care it's just one penny. One missing penny. That he could have easily replaced. But it just doesn't bother me. Nope not bothered at all.    WHYYYYY DID YOU MISS THAT ONE PENNY COME ON ITS JUST ONE
Why is a penny missing?
"Directions slightly unclear..."  got my dick stuck in the epoxy jar
In the 2016 coin red book they are called small cents
i have never heard that the penny is not officially called a penny, where did you get that idea?
almost 3 years and I can't get over that one damn penny
Was that a little Hudson Hawk reference?
Great project! Nice Bruce Willis reference with the song :)
You wasted about $3.81. It hurts too bad!
O.C FUCKING DDDDDD
it looked amazing until the handles 😫
I see no missing penny just one really really dark one.
The project minus the epoxy cost only about $4.41
PUT A PENNY IN NOOOO
my ocd goes beyond that non existing penny and just asks ......are they all heads.......or tails?
I came down to the comments to say something about the missing penny, I realised the comments are already flooded with them
its called swinging on a star :3 I was just listening to it before watching your video!
it's great but u gotta think the practicality of the things u make
Nice Hudson Hawk reference
This project would be crazy cool if you did layers and let them soft set so there are pennies suspended in the resin/epoxy. :)
i realy like your videos plizz keep going making them they are realy fun to watch and it gives me realy cool and fun ideas
"Eat your heart out Pintrist" 😂 🖕 The World
im 380,335
at first I thought he intentionally left out one penny just to piss people off but if you look VERY carefully at 6:06 you can see it's just a very dark penny. OCD still hates it, but I am happy knowing that at least there is a penny there lmao.
This tray would make cgp gray happy!!!
omg that one penny is so annoying......... not really
Yes! Someone finally killed their pennies!
actually in britain/the UK, they're known as 'Pence' not pennies.
Britain's NOT a colony!😉😉
sing happy birthday 6 times
Peter Brown, what store do you shop at to get your big bottles of 2 part resin?
$3.91
I would have glued the missing penny onto the corner of the tray frame.
Peter: I'm gonna edited that out *doesn't* Me: I'm glad you didn't it's funny :)
There is a TV show here in the UK where people take things from car boot sales etc., and make them into something new, sell them and give the money they make to the person that they got the original object from. I think you would be absolutely amazing on it :)  P.S: Your videos are amazing! Keep up the amazing work!
If I could be bothered to do a tray like that, I would clean the pennies first.  table salt and white vinegar cleans them instantly.   I thought you are preserving them in resin to keep them from oxidizing, but whats the point if they are already like that.
That one missing penny off center is killing me
what happened to the missing penny
$3.91 that added to the table.
WHY IS THERE ONE EMPTY SPACE
If i had 1 penny every time someone makes a comment about that dark penny, i might just have enough to make my own copper penny serving Tray.
he missed a spot for a penny
I saw the googly eye by the belt sander :3
too many penny jokes? nah, but that's my 2 cents
I love messing with ocd people too haha
"Only at the end do you realize the power of the dark side."
That was just greatness! Love the humor!
Tht was from little lulu!!
that one black penny screws up the entire look
Now make a giant Mona Lisa out of pennies.
for everyone that thinks there is a dark penny, go to 6:06 and take a screenshot. go to that screenshot and zoom in... is everyone satisfied?
Penny pinchers heaven...
its so funny how there's one space empty. Lol I love it xD
5:01, Great video, great product. Side note, 5:01. Look just a little left/under the middle of the tray.
I was kinda annoyed by the one penny missing, but that's just my two cents
That dark penny... Either no fucks were given, or you are an evil evil man...
How did I know that you would add epoxy or resin on top?
when you want to murder that one missing penny in the middle of the dish. AHHH
there is a missing penny _why_
"eat your heart out pinterest"
1:20 I never knew that! You learn something new every day!
there is a missing penny!
oh my at 5 mins at 9 seconds i realised ur missing a penny
This has easily become my favorite channel
I love your videos. They make my day.
Roxanne is a 3 minute song
That's a dark penny I thought there wasn't a penny there
how does the epoxy respond to putting hot dishes or coffee mugs on it?
You have a really nice singing voice :-)
one day you should get all your projects and make a video showcasing all of them
that an evil thing for u to do! miss out that one penny 😱😱
Would've been cool if you used the darker ones to spell out a word or message.
omg I thought he'd missed one but then I noticed on the close-up that it's just very darkly colored. I was so close to raging lol
"eat your heart out pinterest"
I don't understand why someone would do this, it just doesn't make any... cents
I'd have to order all the pennies so they go dark to light
what about and action figure(vintage star wars(if I may suggest)) filled/embedded TV tray or cake plate/stand?
Who else knew that the black penny on the black board would go and blend in
he loves resin
Gotta love that Hudson Hawk reference
That one empty spot...
Question someone please answer !!!? Why couldn't you of just layed them all out without glueing them down and then just epoxied them in? < hope that made sense
The moment you turned into Bruce Willis is the moment I fell in love with this channel. "A pig is an animal with dirt of face, his shoes are a terrible disgrace."
I once saw at a hot dog place they had the entire counter covered in penny's
so i have to ask ..... ever watched hudson hawk ?
Everyone busting on that one darker penny. So sad. #blackpenniesmatter
You're a really good singer!
you forgot one penny grrr
Why that one spot😂
awesome Hudson Hawk reference!
the missing cent.... why... why?!?!?!?!?
Hope there wasn't any wheat backs in there
One missing penning. This is mental maddnes
The "Resin"-ators... I see what you did there
Couldn't have that in the house, that dark penny would drive me insane
u missed a pennu
u missed a pennu
I fucking hate you for that missing penny
I love the trivia!
duuude, make a folding fan Out of what ever you can Find. go crazy!
U forgot a penny y do u hate pepoplewith OCD😵😵😵😵😵😵
There's 1 missing >:(
+Peter Brown You have an awesome singing voice!
I have to ask, how many pennies did you use
one freakin penny missing
you have one penny missing
I liked all of the penny jokes, don't change a thing. 😉
I love this channel because of how little of a fuck he gives when things don't go perfectly
the missing penny! why!!!
Great project. Small point - Britain is not a colony!!!  It was the other way around
oi that coin missing really annoys me man
Hudson Hawk reference. nice!
I feel so sorry for him all that time and he missed out 1 penny
You should have given the wood a walnut or chestnut stain...it would look better than the pale wood
Who else was expecting him to chuck this up and turn it on the lathe half way through
My grandma is ALWAYS singing that song. It made me smile to hear it.
YES! A cheeky Hudson Hawk reference!
its missing a penny lmao
OMG THERE IS A PENNY MISSING
I can't take it there's one penny missing why is it missing
thanks for the video:)  This past winter i decided to try a DIY heater... long story short I placed a penny on a tiny rack , placed the rack on a candle , ( standard medium round glass candle ) blah blah blah End result the penny looked like new  again .
Tim Minchin has a song specifically written to be exactly three minutes long, called simply "Three Minute Song"
That one empty spot odd roving me crazy!
Everyone freaking out about the "missing penny" should look closer. it's just a REALLY dark penny. I think it's way cooler with that because it will bug someone from a distance but be perfect up close.
"woah it has some weight" well that would make......... "cent"s.
Wat were the liquids you put on top of the pennies?
I guess you can say that you coined the word Penny. ;). I am very sorry if anyone has said this already.
I know im not stupid...
Why did you leave one spot missing a penny?  For conversation?
how much money is on the trey ?????
That missing penny. Really bothers me
Your singing is great!!
way you have hole
Your singing voice is beautiful!
and be better off than you are or would you rather be a fish  a fish wont do any thing but swim in a brook he wright his name or read a book to fool other people is his olny thought he may be slippery but he still gets caught but if that sort of life is what  you wish  you may grow up to be a fish
the missing 'penny' is bothering me so bad
please be my dad and sing me to sleep and do cool projects with me
why! why leave an empty penny spot! whhhhhy
You used $3.91 cents to cover it so you invested $4.41 cents into the tray not including epoxy and copper handles.
Peter if you actually do this shit again please wash the pennies
3:05 best part!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When you're doing these videos can you give instructions while you're working? I'd like to try some of these
I cried because you left that one penny out
5:08 lol the missing penny. 😩. Lol he talked about leaving one backwards for ppl with ocd but that gap is bothering me the most lmfao.
He missed a COIN
Is penny an ism for pence? As in one pence?
There is a missing penny
Upvoted for Hudson Hawk joke.
Did he purposely do that
THERES ONE PENNY MISSING! UR LUCKY I DONT KNOW UR ADDRESS CUZ I WOULD TOTALLY fix it...
Penny's are zinc not copper
He used $3.91 in pennies
o mg he didn't he took a different one out aaaahhhhhch
oh my gosh i had i mini freak out when left that penny out thank goodness he put it in at the end whew
391 'pennies'.. Yeah I'm sad enough to do the math
my kind of ocd would never allow for unpolished pennies to be in this tray
THAT ONE PENNY IS MISSING
these videos are addictive.
thares 352 give or take penny's on that tray
The coins you're covering this with aren't even worth the metal they're made of.
Canada used to have pennies, but then they stopped production of pennies. Rip
peter if you didn't see it there was a penny missing just to tell you so you know. :)
I have diagnosed OCD and I don't care all that much....now if you would have added a quarter, or had one tail among heads that would have been worse.
That one penny whyyyy lol
One penny missing...😩
why the fuck did you forget the one dame coin
Why did you have to fast forward it!!! I wanted to watch all of it!! Every little movement!!  The spikey hair and goatee.... Add a head band a a karate suit - you'd be '80's arcade hero.  Anyway .... cool! You were entertaining. Probably be a cool guy to hang with. thank you.
Nice Hudson Hawk Reference!
there is a penny missing
Consider having music play while you do whatever, trust me
What's your address? I'll send you a glass one that you can make something out of...I've got a bunch waiting to become projects!
PENNY MISSING ARG
Anyone know why he priced the drilled bit with that yellow tool thing?
I found that trivia quite interesting!
YOU MISSED ONE FREAKING PENNY ON PURPOSE???? 😨😱😱
great project! and  at only $ 4.58   very affordable too.
You left a penny out... On purpose. I'm assuming you have a death wish?
YOU MISSED A PENNY AAAAAAGAGGGGGGHHHHHH
nooooo one penny is missing ughhh whyyy do u do this to me?
awwww you have a nice singing voice. that was adorable. I feel so bad when you lose the bottom of a box I feel for you dude, and yes you are getting better at losing things (confetti project) your videos are so relaxing though. you have a great voice. you remind me so much of @robdyke who also has an amazing voice
you killed me with that missing penny
this would be pretty cool with sliced wine corks too. soak the slices in some red wine to stain them, drink the wine while waiting for the epoxy to dry.
I love the look of it
Did you sing that song because of Hudson Hawk?
he left the penny out
looks great. question.. is it legal to use coins for anything other than legal tender?
Are you Canadian?
*HIS
Why are theRE GOOGLY EYES ON HOS POWER TOOLS? AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED?!?!?
We don't have pennies in Canada anymore, all transactions are either rounded up or down.
Should've made a picture out of it. There are plenty of templates online. You use the different shades of the penny's to add the detail. Could have been soooooooooooo much better, but, not bad all the same.
There's not a missing penny. It's just very dark. I hated it at first too...
peter, you better get a new penny and replace the dark one...
+1 for the Hudson Hawk reference!
wheres that bam pennie in the bottom right side UGGGGG
Love It. Happy New Year.
faltou uma moeda , e nem percebeu
Why is there a penny missing!
More boring trivia please!!! I love learning things on YouTube while avoiding my homework
I am that guy with OCD. I can't handle the missing cent. Just wrong. Rad otherwise.
Find the missing penny
imagine doing that with pure gold :O expensive...
YOUR MISSING A PENNY!! Ahhhhh #OCD problems
There is a penny there, you can see it kind of in the last images it's just dirty so it's a darker colour! I was thinking that the whole way through and was so annoyed about a penny being missing but I did see it! Haha xxx
Ohhhh my god that stupid spot is all I could look at the whole time
i almost had a panic attack when i noticed the missing penny
I was really hoping those handles would get a hammered treatment! Looks just as good polished, however!
If I counted correctly I think I can guest the cost of this project mot including the cost of the resin and the coped for the handles. I would say it was $3.86 give or take a cent or two.
no its gone
Lol a PENNY board    oooooooohhhhh!!!!!!    No?      ok. :'(
there's a penny missing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dislike for the missing penny
Nice Hudson Hawk reference.
The handles look so flimsy.
I Love it Peter, i don't know about where you live but here in the UK to buy Epoxy in large enough quantity to do a project like a desk or table top is very expensive. What did the resin cost you for this project and how much did you need?
Wow I've lived in America all my life and I had no idea that penny wasn't the official term
why no comments?
lmao super glaze and the resinators!
I prefer CDO. I don't like when it's not in alphabetical order...
That penny almost looks like it's not there and I almost had a mental breakdown before I realise.
Err u missed a pennie
people people people the penny is there, it is just being shady! ;)
Wow you just defaced government property that's against the law I have to turn you in buddy
I really want to do this 😃 looks amazing dude! The dark penny is really annoying though 😂😝
5:07 you're evil for that one action.....ITS MISSING A PENNY.
you should do this with beer bottle caps or pop bottle caps! super cool!
nnnnope nope nope   missing  2p  redo it!!!
I love watching your videos! They are so interesting to watch! Keep it up!
you monster
it's been over a year and the OCD in me still despises you for leaving that one penny out
If you ever go over the edge with your paint on wood. Don't worry you can always use fingernail polish remover. Make sure its non acetone. Don't want to take your varnish off.
So you're a Bing Crosby fan? I love that song :)
Major extra credit for the "Out of this world" reference
Am I the only one who enjoyed the Sinatra performance?
U didn't have to glue the penny down first,just place them and pour epoxy over them
why would you leave out a penny. you are an evil man!!
Why is there a random penniless spot. What have you done. Noooooooooo
Predistion: to make this tray, you make a wooden tray with a big recess, then fill partially with epoxy. Let it set, then put in pennies. If they float, pour in a little epoxy and fix the arrangement. Let it set, then fill the rest with epoxy. Finish it with Polish and finish, and BOOM.
Made one of these with a picture frame and mirror 4 years ago,
Hudson Hawk...still a classic.
Okay, I'm not OCD, but that missing penny was driving me crazy!!!! I guess I am a little OCD lol. Thanks for messing with me Peter! Anyway, this was really cool (:.
This would look cool too if you used wheat pennies and alternated flips every other penny.
i cant help but notice.. he missed one
I SEE THAT GAP IN THE PENNIES AND I FUCKING HATE IT!  But, still a cool project :)
Way to get all the OCD people out here with that "missing penny" lol :p Great video btw!
So sorry for being that guy, but most of the pennies you used are actually mostly made of zinc. Pennies made before 1982 are all copper, while all after 1982 are mostly zinc. Roughly half of pennies made in 1982 are zinc pennies, while the other half are copper. The reason why they changed to zinc is because it is a much cheaper alternative (it cost almost 3 cents to make 1 copper penny).
that one spot that is missing a penny or is so dark that you can't see the penny, it would drive me crazy if it was my tray.
Ha I like what you did there at the beginning
My dad has a restaurant named the "Nickel plate depot" named after the the Nickel plate train which comes right next to the restaurant and he did this in "1 cent piece's" but he's spelt nickel  out of nickel's.But he did it along a whole bar table thing and he said it was about 300$ in cents
that one coin missing is driving me insane!!!!!!!
Peter love the chanell bud. I was gonna say love the new game with the table slides lol
I love the missing penny good job :)
Awesome,  but I would think the thin copper handle would not be very durable
Oh my god he missed one.
Why don't you cut the copper on the band saw?
What you did is illegel
lol hudson hawk
Hudson Hawk FTW
Maybe if you do this again, after you glue them in, take a light sanding to the coinage so they have the same finish, if you are so ocd inclined
Dat Ocd missing penny Tho.
That really dark penny was breaking my mind... >_<
you shouldve shined up the pennies with some type of polish or something
there's an empty hole for a penny is supposed to go
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penny_(United_States_coin) :P
you can even sing!
How much epoxy did you use? I am doing the same (6 sq ft) and I have no idea how much I need. Thanks.
very cool! Maybe sort the pennies by level of dirtiness or age so there is a cool gradient. It would be intensely time consuming but if you could find a penny for every year for the past 100+ years and put them in descending order that would also be cool.
+1 for the Hudson Hawk reference!
what is the name of that thing you poured from big jar ?
Hmmmmm, Canada is a colony now...... HAHAHAHA Sorry  just thought that was really funny.
G, thanks! Now I can't sleep because of that dammed penny... also, I cant help but to think of the weight and stress this would cause if done on an apartment floor...
does that missing penny piss anyone else off
help! I wanna do this but there are no more pennies in Canada!
This would be my friend's worst nightmare - she absolutely hates copper coins! Aww well, awesome project!
Peter Brown "THE ONE AND ONLY- EPOXY HERO!!!"
This niqqa obbessed with googly eyes.
I just had this idea one day, but couldn't figure out how to do it, (when I get the money, I'll try and make one) thanks for the inspiration  Cool videos everyday
Something a little easier than tinsnips for cutting copper pipe is a hacksaw, or a bandsaw if you have the proper blades and a jig to hold it parallel to the blade. I guess you could also use the jig with the hacksaw if you done want to use your bandsaw.
why.... is..... there.... a.... penny.... MISSING!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?
Nice job Mr. Brown, especially the music!
Hey Peter. On a recent project, I had to drill some holes in some aluminum and i got the shavings that look kinda cool. I figure that they might make a nifty inlay or something. Just thought I'd share the idea.  http://imgur.com/WWlkWmP
you killed me with that last one.
LOL! I loved the Hudson Hawk reference. Underrated movie in my opinion.
Wow that painting tray came out so beautiful that is so wonderful and I love watching you make it and you have a nice voice by the way way to go
Thousand times heavier...
There is one spot that is either missing a penny or has a really old dirty penny in it. Driving me nuts. Cool project though.
Why did you leave an open spot
Ocd kicking in you missed a penny
THAT ONE MISSING PENNY!!!!!
Are you sure that they are all copper. Because the u.s stopped making copper pennies in 1982
You do know that you can buy copper sheets
That one dark one I...I...I can feel the OCD KICKING IN
We don't have pennies here in Canada any more.
And the OCD guy has arrived! (Me) Also you could have made a picture out of the penny's by color of them.
lol...Super Glaze and the Resin-ators
5:27 some people just want to watch the world burn
My OCD is flaring up.
Hudson Hawk reference?
Well that i really cool though :O :))
LOL ... Been looking at too many OCD comments here, which might help in me explaining something.  At 1:56 it shows your tray all finished with all the CENTS glued down; looks promising at that point.  By 4:44 it's apparent it is missing, by my eyes, yet on reading some of the comments it clearly IS there.  But ... it still looks like it's seriously missing ... LOL.  Great job and well done you  ~F~ [edit for typo]
so was that regular black paint you used on the bottom of the tray?
Hudson Hawk reference FTW
you have quite a good singing voice, sounds a bit like frank sinatra to me
would be cool to make a coffee table like this with glass over the pennies
Wouldn't a band saw make cutting the copper pipe easier?
nobody on youtube likes to explain what glue you use please help
I keep waiting on you to slice your hand open cutting that copper. Have you considered cutting it with band/table saw? The carbide teeth on a table saw should cut it fine I would think.
this looks so good imma make a marathon on ur videos :>
Won't. Let me discard post
Looks like it would also be cool for displaying a coin collection
Its ZINC!
Awesome video
You sir, are going to hell That ONE penny missing bothered me the whole time..... UGHHH
i like the hudson hawk method of counting time ;-) the one missing penny would drive me nuts, but it looks cool, i think i try and make wooden disc to look like coins, cos i;d rather spend them lol
did you leave a penny out of the tray on purpose? that would drive anyone who is ocd nuts
I'm really hoping that the choice of "Swinging on a Star" was an intentional Hudson Hawk reference!
nice singing....LITTERLY NICE SINGING
There's one missing! How could you do this to me!
It would be better to use is as a picture frame
Am I the only one that thinks he's cute.
2:44  Directions were slightly unclear, dick stuck in resin.
The singing was a nice touch!  And a memorable song.  I enjoy watching your excursions into fun.
Y U NO PUT IN LAST PENNY??? GAAH!!
just a little FYI, you can buy copper sheets. lmao.
I absolutely love this project, very very nice!
Yes I have OCD and yes it would have killed me! Thank you for not doing it!
For all of you dying of ocd...it's 391 cents.
3:12  Whoa!!!!! stop right there!
Why didn't you use 4 small wood blocks adjusted to the curvature of the tray to make the handles go upright?
Peter Brown  You have an awesome talent if theres a vote for you or a famous popstar i will shoes you Peter Brown pls make videos and maybe do a wooden small sword and remember let it be save love your videos why is everybody not sub your channel its AWESOME!!!! you really dont know how i love your videos i love it in 1.000.000.000.000% 🙀😍😍.        LOVE
The penny thing you made looks like a man with a stick
Uh oh the tray is missing a penny...
I'm wondering if you had sprayed some clear coat on it before the epoxy, maybe the one penny wouldn't have turned to dark....
391 pennies. that would add about 21 pounds of extra weight.
Is there one missing ... its seriously messing with my ocd . Ahhhhhhhhh take it apart and add the last one . !!! Lol
Such beautiful work!!
Did u miss a spot around the upper you left my right  or is that a really dark penny . knowing me that would drive me to insanity lol...
You're so captivating to watch.
I'm so glad I found your channel! Already watched 3 projects you're so inspiring :)  Keep it up 👍
Just discovered your channel and it is awesome!
Love the "Hudson Hawk" homage
To all those talking about the missing penny... I rewatched the video over and over and over bc I thought the same thing. BUT, when its showing him putting the Penny's up, you can see the darker ones too. It looks like after toping it off with clear stuff is what made the darker penny go darker and walah,  ...disappear. I don't believe there is a missing penny after watching this over and over so many times. The Illusion does make it look like one is missing though, but you can tell its not if u fully watch the video. Idk, that's how it looks to me at least.
Awesome
MY OCD IS KILLING ME
Could anyone tell me what the two things he mixed in the jar was? Id really love to try this project (:
yo i gotta ask, why did u glue the pennies down?  wudn't have the glaze kept them in place?
lol ur a cool cat, "be thankful u dont have to watch this in real time" lmao.  nice vid man, loved it!
nice googly eyes
Thanks for the video I get some good ideas watching this and it reminded me of the time I glued over 200 cents to my bosses lunch table in his shop hahahah
Am I the only one who took the time to realize that it was just a dark penny? LOL
Did anyone else pick up the Hudson hawk reference
Neat project.  Also, +1 for Hudson Hawk reference.
Nice ! I loved the Hudson Hawk thing. ;)
THE ONE PENNY
The tray turned out really cool. Nice work on the handles as well.
It looks realy good
A friend of mine turned me on to your videos, Truly amazing keep up the fun stuff.
I like that your projects are different. Have you considered using polyester resin instead of epoxy, might be cheaper.
When I decided to use a part of 1/2 of 1 copper penny for a project, this tray came to my mind. "The Vatican extends its jealousy."
Very cool repurposing idea Peter,   The epoxy over the pennies looks awesome.  Regards, Bob
I subscribed. Saw your Reddit post. I'm also a crafter, although my craft tends to lean towards paper and mixed media art. I also subbed because you are quite funny and handsome to boot! Will be watching more videos. :)
I love that epoxy (even though it is pricey).  I use it to seal colored glass into old window frames.  Nice project. :-)
Hey Peter:   That is a very cool project sir! You're really in the money now hey? That is 3 in a row... but if you change to something else next week... change is another money show so that would make 4!    Too bad you didn't have a silver penny to go with your dark one! (look it up... American 1945) (and here I thought Stephen King just made them up!)     Does your resin work such that you could have used the tray as a mold? If there is a release agent of some sort... you could do exactly the same thing... but be able to lift the resin out and see both sides of the coin. I had a coffee table of bills under glass and the only bummer (other than spilled drinks) was that you could only see one side!     Thanks for sharing      Larry
Peter.... When you grow tired of this piece. Will you humor me one day and pull this out of a backpack and hand it to a homeless person begging for change..  Tell them good luck and just walk away!
Definitely a movie that can be watched over and over :) But one that got looked over and written off as a bad movie so I thought it was a wonderful reference.  Now I need to get a cappuccino; )
I enjoy your excessive use of glues
Am I the only one getting the Hudson hawk reference ?
Was really thinking you were going to sing and mix for three minutes Peter Brown Great project, epoxy turned out great.
nice project Peter you have some patience i hate pennies or cents we have now All the best Robbie
Penny pretty! Here in Canada, we have deleted the 1 cent piece from our money. Smart move (I hate the smell of copper on my fingers). Awesome pipes Peter! You got a real fall back if the YouTube star thing doesn't pan out: lounge lizard, belting out Sinatra and Bobby Darren! Or, definitely a sure thing as Hugo Drax in a remake of Moon Raker. :-)
A penny saved is apparently a serving tray, good job Peter!
Its raining pennies from heaven....lalala.... There is a Priest, a Rabbi and a Minister on a golf course they were discussing how much to give to charity.......
Ya had to leave one out you trouble maker,  nice one...  And Great Video I might add as all ways, Thanks for Sharing....
What a great idea! So cool. I'm glad that I read the other comments because otherwise I would have pondered for some time why you left a penny out, which would have wearied my mind.
Over 90% of all the pennies are not in circulation.  Rather they are sitting in top dresser drawers, mason jars, or in this case, serving tray tops. Thanks for sharing, very creative.
Costs more to make a penny than a penny is worth!
Hudson Hawk reference you da man i love that movie
Nice job!  A few more trays like that and we can join the rest of the modernized world and rid ourselves of the accursed $.01 piece.
Love the Hudson hawk timer you used.
just found this from a tweet, and my CDO kicking in big time, didn't realize it was a 'black' penny.
WHY IS THAT ONE PENNY MISSING??!??
That is awesome and love the Hudson Hawk movie too.
well done peter!
lol I laughed when I saw the googly eyes.  Loved the tray, I wonder how it would look with coloured buttons.  It wouldnt be as heavy.
so you now have a tray thats actually money. a really big five dollar bill... try buy something with it... turned out nice!
Eat your heart out Pinterest! Great looking tray!!!
I feel like all the furniture in his house was made by himself.
I feel like all the furniture in his house was made by himself.
Sweet Hudson Hawk reference at 2:33. Love the project and your channel bro.
Great video  Nice handles.  Thanks for the tip with using a heat gun to smooth out the epoxy.
Nice project. You can't use Canadian pennies any more. When you pay in cash, they round to the nearest nickel.  I must have $50 worth of orphaned pennies, so you've given me an idea.  BTW, you have a lovely baritone voice. The greatest pop singer of the 20th century was Frank Sinatra and he was a baritone!
Phew!  I'm glad I read the comment about the black penny because I was in for a sleepless night thinking about the MISSING PENNY.  It's 3.43am now and I'm up because I couldn't sleep with thinking about a video where a guy only sanded to 500 and not 600 like Carl Jacobson.  These things are important to me.  Also, more singing please, you have a lovely voice. Best Wishes, Brendan.
A penny for your thoughts.    Well that's my two cents worth.
I'll add my 2 cents worth.......freaking awesome! Would epoxy stand up to cutting if you used it as a cutting board? In the old days, we always gave a penny on a box of knives (old wives tale). This would be beautiful to give as a gift with a knife block.
Very cool project Peter.
I think I'm going to buy an ice cream truck and convert it to be an epoxy truck and just drive up and down your street ;)  Nice work on the handles!
When you whipped out the cutters, copper and vise I thought I was segueing into a DiResta video...Nice job!
Great idea, looks awesome!
That's it:) and do you recommend it?
What epoxy do You use
Clever as it is the ingenious resourcefulness of a skilled artisan and master of his craft.    A penny for your thoughts... But clearly you sir have a lot more then the typical two-cents to share.    One more:   "And so that's why they call it "change"  -ba-dum-TSH.
Peter awesome video as usual! I think you should sell your colored pencil rings on etsy you might make more than you think with those
Nice project - I love your style of project/video production - Great idea with the coins, I could see something similar in my future, but I'd have to use real pennys as I don't have any cents     Cheers    Bob
i know you said it got pretty heavy once the pennies were added. how heavy was it after the epoxy?
Does that make cents?
There's a penny missing from the center
Nice job, Peter.  Too bad you did not orient Lincoln to be always looking in the same direction!
that's so pretty!   But the 1 black penny makes it look like there's one missing
