2:27 EUREKA!!!!!!!! MOMENT  In aviation school in Las Vegas rn. Thanks!!!!
Thank you 🎀
Love the money reference
That just hit the spot for this old man.  Thanks
I cannot explain how much this helped me finally get this idea you saved me from doing badly on this part of my practical exam I thank you man
I like that! Thanks for sharing.
This was brilliant! I never knew it was like dollars, quarters and cents! this helped me pass my class thank you very much!
Correction on last comment.  I see what we missed.  Thimble increments are broken into halves and sleeve vernier counts to 5.  Teachable moment!
Hi Tom - super useful video however my students and I noticed an error.  At the 5:00 mark you state that we see 21 pennies, but we notice 23 pennies showing.  Great strategy for students to learn what can be a confusing  operation.
This is the best one i have seen!
I'm in the UK so I'd need pence and pounds!! We have no nickels and dimes, quarters or bits!! Anyway, nice tutorial good camera work and narration. I've just bought a beautiful condition pre-owned Mitutoyo metric mic with a vernier scale....millimeters divided into thousandths! Man thats going to be damn interesting to read when I get it in the post next week.
That Etalon is confusing  to read. I can read micrometers but I don't use them all the time. I do automotive suspension and brake work we are very busy but don't use micrometers on a regular basis. I like to watch these videos and get the answer before it is told to us. That Etalon  is just confusing.
Freaking brilliant. Thanks.
Ok, I totally new to this. Can you point with a pencil on the second and third scale?
Hi Ken can point out to me where did you get 21 penny so many lines in the thimble
Not to be overly dramatic here butni have to tell you THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!  Currently enrolled in fast-track styled manufacturing class at the local community college. 5 month worth of clases compressed onto 12 weeks. I graduate Monday. Not to be a braggart, but for the most part, I'd like to think I'm somewhat intelligent. I get A's on all my math exams. But for some reason I could not get this damn micrometer! Dial calipers are fine. Vernier calipers, no problem. But you put that godawful micrometer in my hand, I was completely lost.   My instructor even took time to stay after class for 2 days to try walk me through how to read this friggin instrument. And I just couldn't get it! I read the instructions carefully in my book I still couldn't get it. The "how-to"  would soak in just a little bit. But by the next day, nothing! I'd completely forgotten how to read it. Left standing there with a blank look on my face lol.   Randomly came across your video few days ago and EVERYTHING immediately clicked!  I decided to wait a few days before posting this comment to make sure that I fully understood the concept without having to come back to your video for a refresher. Didn't need to refer back to your video, not even once.  I'm showing this video to my instructor. He regularly plays YouTube videos on the smart board as a learning aide for the class. A couple of us struggled with the mic. But no one struggled nearly as bad as I did. If your video was able to make reading a mic easy for me, it'll definitely help out others in future classes.  So again, thanks big time! I plan on a career in the NDT inspection field. Got a couple interviews lined up for entry level NDT. But if I can't even read something as simple as a mic, I felt like I might as well quit. Not so much anymore. 👍😊
Hmmm I thought once you get to the venier scale in this case it was 3, that all you do is put 3 at the end of your answer?? But you added. Hmmm 🤔
I'm reading it as .4713  what am I doing wrong?  In other words, I don't understand why you added .0005 to .0003
I'm quite surprised that America uses the Imperial measuring system, since they have (and have always had) a Decimal currency system.
This method won't work too well, on this side of the pond.
thank you! i have been getting into machining as a hobby and was given a couple micrometers but had no idea how to read the darned things lol
Nice explanation, very easy to remember......now you got me looking for an Edlelan !!
Absolutely. Genius. I was taught micrometers in shop class in the early 90's. It was a real struggle to understand the measurements I was getting. Almost 30 years later and this makes complete sense...or cents, as you put it! Thank you!
My 9 year old grandson wanted to know how to read a micrometer so I dug your video out and he got it immediately. In fact, your video taught me how to read a micrometer a few years ago. I hope you will again post your super informative machining videos. Looking forward to learning from them.
wow  that was really  usefull  cheers Tom
Genius, thanks for sharing
Thank you....I had forgotten over the years
Thank you, this old thing got it.
Forty-eight years ago in Metals Technology One is where I met Mr. Davis.  Mr. Davis had to suffer through two years with me, but the skills I learned then still serve me well today at 63.  He taught me how to arc weld, gas weld and braze, bend sheet metal, rivet, spot weld, run a lathe, a horizontal mill, a shaper, grind lathe tools and so much more...  He didn't teach me how to read a mic though as I had already learned that skill in the part-time job I had at a local machine shop. Only classes I got an A. Old Shop teacher rock!
This was really helpful, great video 👌
Your video is fine, no doubt about. But I do not understand why they use Imperials units in the US until today. It is not fail-save because it is not linear and terrible to read from the analog micrometer.
Im Australian, we dont have quarters or pennies or use imperial measurement anymore since the early 70s, but i could still understand you perfectly! Thankyou for a clear explanation.
I see the confusion. On mics that measure .001, the thimble has 4 marks to the next number. The Etalon has 9 to the next number which makes those lines .0005. Theyre trying to count them as a .001 mic. and itll be wrong every time. Count every other line as a normal mark or .001 which is 21.So my question on the Etalon mic. On other side of the Vernier, what are the little slit marks on back side of spindle? I think I seen 3 of them. Is that to limit the movement from expansion / contracting or.....?
Thank you thank you thank you. Not for me but for all the people I have to teach to read a mic. This is the simplest no nonsense way of describing it.
Love your videos
list count kya h
OK, I Think maybe some of the confusion is because all of the numbers aren't shown on the Vernier scale. Would you always  add the additional .05 to the measurement when using this scale? I think I understand, just want to be sure! Thanks for the educational video..
EXCELLENT!!.. I like your analogy to Pennies, quarters and Dollars!!.. makes it so easy to understand!! Thank YOU.. and congrats on your Dollar Ingenuity Concept!.. a clear winner!
Perfect thanks Tom!
Sorry Tom but how do you get .0001-.0009 readings on the Etalon? E.g. .4781, .4782, etc...if adding .0005 to the vernier? This is where I get hung up with Etalons, adding the vernier scale marks.I suspect it has something to do with the thimble marks, long or short. The "little bit over" past zero can either be added to the vernier as .0001 or .0005", depending on which line is past zero, yes?
OMG Thank you!  I have watched a number of demos and thought I was completely stupid because I did not understand.  You made this EASY!
awesome, thank you sir
I guess equating .1" to a dollar and .001" to a cent might help some students quasi-understand the concept, because they already have the concept of US currency.  But I think that kind of cheats them of actually understanding.  Show them the screw of a micrometer. Show them a .100" gage block (or 10 of them). Show them a .025" shim (or 4 of them). Show them a .001" shim and .010" shim. Then show the blocks and shims next to the screw.
I got .4713. where you get the extra .0005
Just a thought... What if You used a scriber to actually point at the magic numbers You're talking about - as You say the numbers? Would've made the whole thing a lot easier to follow.
Tom, No disrespect here, but could you do a couple more of these on the vernier scale.  Seems to be a ton of confusion and we need remedial training.   Thanks for the Videos!
I've watched a couple of your videos, in fact I searched the micrometer one out because I could see that the one in the screenshot for that vid showed a vernier mike.     Your videos appear to me to be informative and accurate, and I will watch more when I have more time.     Best wishes from me.
So how was that 21? It was 23.....right?
Wow.  I've been using micrometers for a while and your explanation just cut my calculation time down significantly.  Why didn't I think of the loose change idea??  Great!!
oh darn i thought i understood until you got to 21...you were methodical at the beginning and then just rushed thru the end without thorough explanation
Thank You. That's a lot of help.
Where did the number 21 come from? Wish You could point at the actual lines when You mention them. Then, You would've been a master teacher. Now, You're only an expert micrometer reader. I used to know this, but Your explanation confused me.
This is neat! I'm in my first week of a machining class for aerospace manufacturing and the book is confusing the hell out of me. Tutorials are more efficient for learning.
okay....imperial units are EVIL in the machine shop.
Hmmmm
I loved woodshop. This stuff makes me wish I took metalshop too.
LOVE your old LUFKIN mic.
i keep getting .4713 I thought when adding the vernier you have go four decimals over.0003. making .400+..050+.021+.0003. making the number on the vernier the last number on your reading.  Am i wrong with this thought if so i need to talk to my teacher. i am confused  thank you for the video.
On a standard 1000ths of an inch, 1"-2" or 3"-4" scale micrometer (not Vernier) do you just add the scale size of the micrometer before the decimal, while still using the "pocket change" correlation? And if the spindle (the pennies) lands between two "pennies", do you just add a 5 (half) at the very end of the measurement?
thanks so much..really helpful.....   I have a question ?   Im measuring a watch mainspring and the thickness read 1 then 6 Cents...  so that would be 1.06 ? then i multiplied that by 25.4 then divided by 1000 to get measurements in MM.. is this ok?
Tom, Thanks... I love all your videos.  I must be blind.  I count 3 tick marks past 20 not one.  making it .4738  If I'm wrong ... can you show me what .473 looks like?.  HELP
Or you can just get a digital Mitutoyo ;)  Thanks for the video though! Very informative and needed to be made!
Thanks Tom, You took all the fog away on how to read a Mic. Great information as usual.
Great video, reminds me of using my slide rule where I would interpolate between the lines to get reading. THANKS Wray
Would have loved to have been taught by you, but I guess I just did.  Great video.
Thank you sir. It was very helpful. It helped me a lot in my metrology and Quality Control Practicals.
1st day in "machining" class micrometer was beating me up---Thanks for making understandable!
Great video!! The best example well explained. As soon as you related to money the like went off.
Thanks for taking the time to explain how to read a micrometer in such plain everyday terms.  This is my third time to watch this particular video and I'm always amazed at how simply some things can be explained!   Thanks for taking time out of your life to share these videos. Paul
This was very helpful and intuitive. Thanks for uploading/ sharing.
Thank you Tom. Every once in a while, I have been ask what are those things. Meaning my micrometers. I always say they are instruments for very precise measuring. Accurate to 1  thousands of a inch. Then i proceed in showing them how to  take a reading. Which always seems to zoom over there head. I know its not them, but my terrible explanation of how to add up the graduations. The changes method you described is so simple. Its almost like, why didn't I think of that.  Thanks again     .
I was taught the same Pocket Change concept, but in reverse of your version. Instead of 21 pennies plus 2 quarters plus 3 dollars, start at the larger denomination. 3 dollars 50 cents plus 21 cents. - Measure that bug that's crawling around on your bench..:-)
Thanks for this video! Now I know how to read one of these things.
Where the hell you getting 21?
Great videos Tom! I am just teaching myself how to use my new mill and lathe. I wish you could come over and work in my garage with me! Your videos have proved to be very valuble answering the questions that seem too simple to ask! Thank you!
I have never even held a micrometer, and I would bet that I could take an accurate reading (of 1/1000's) because of this video! THANK YOU!
Great video for all enthusiasts of machining related concepts. Thanks for the public service!
unfortunately I ultimately must ask myself. Am I as smart as a 5th grader?  thx for this one, finally learned how to read it
I too have several Lufkin tools in the old S&K machinist's chest downstairs, all older than we are. Starrett this and Mitutoyo that... I'll take a good Lufkin any day.
Very nice technique, Tom. Every instructor needs to develop analogies, as some students clue in best that way. The best instructors have several for each topic so they can say the same thing in different ways. You never know which way will flip which "light switch,"  so having a bag full is really helpful!
Very nicely done video, you have done a great job of breaking it down so it is easily understood. I did find one error, you stated there are "4" divisions between each set of numbers. I believe there are only "3" 25/50/75, I understand what you are trying to say but some starting out might be confused.  Thanks Brad
Love those light bulb moments.  Thanks,  Tom
You are welcome. My high school machine shop instructor taught me that technique and I've passed it on to many others over the years. Glad you enjoyed the video.  Tom
Thank You.  I have been trying to learn how to read a Micrometer from a text book and just couldn't get it. A few minutes from your video and it is so simple now. Thanks again.
Ok Mom.
Thanks Ken, I love to hear about the light bulb moments. That's what makes it all worthwhile. Time to get that lathe and start making chips.  Tom
Thanks so very much for this outstanding block of instruction. Yup, I finally got it, especially the ten thousandths part. I recently got a micrometer and was having issues understanding the vernier scare. You made my day. I'm 75 years old, retired military with lots of time to play. Looking forward to buying a metal lathe and putting this knowledge to use. My wife just smiled . Thanks again... Ken Bartlett Marina CA
thanks for making the video.
I got my first Lufkin mic from my grandpa, so I gues that's what got me interested in them. I collected them over the years and now have an entire tool box full of nothing but Lufkin tools, many of them NOS. I don't live far from Saginaw, so there is lots of Lufkin stuff in the area as well as on eBay. My latest addition to the collection is a couple of bricks from the old factory, given to me by another Lufkin collector.  Glad you enjoyed the video.  Tom
Oh yeah since this is a learning video (I don't know if you're sentimental)... The reason I'm proud of my 1" Lufkin,  is because it was handed down to me by my mentor who was old and very experienced, and a great teacher! I also have a similarly old Lufkin inside mic set up to 6". LOL I was young then, but am now old decrepit and retired! :o]  O,,,
Good video! I've got a very old Lufkin 1" Pre mat finish on the thimble and barrel... Mine only has paint in the recess around the brand and patent pads. The brand on mine is The Lufkin Rule Co. Saganaw Mich. Made in U.S.A. No. 1911 Anyway nice method for the upstarts! :o]  O,,,
You are very welcome.
Thanks for that!!
Yes, it's much easier to understand a concept when you can associate with something you are already familiar with.
Excellent Donald. Think how much more productive you'll be with all that extra time.  Glad you enjoyed the demo.  Tom
Thanks! Glad you got something out of the video. Either approach will work, this just happens to be the way I was taught years ago.  Tom
Hi Tom, thanks for this video... I always used to read the "dollars" first, but from now on I will read the "pennies" first.  Somehow it seems easier that way.
Thanks. I've always enjoyed showing that technique to people and watching the look on their face when they "get it". Glad you enjoyed the video.  Tom
I've been called worse. :)
You are a gentleman and a scholar :)
You are welcome Bill. Glad you enjoyed the video.  Tom
Thanks Denis, I'm glad it cleared up some of your confusion about a tenth read mic.  Tom
very cool im always confused with the last micrometer,i almost always go with the first one but now im going to use it more often after your explanation. thanks Tom Denis
Thanks Brian, I'm glad you enjoyed them.  Tom
Great videos!
