I never see this in peanut butter recipes, so there must be a reason...Why don't people use PEANUT oil as part of the wet ingredients in the cake or cupcakes in place of vegetable oil? Wouldn't the flavour of the peanut oil (provided it wasn't refined and, as such, lacking peanut flavour) be a good thing here?!??!?!
Hello beautiful Jemma 😊 I make these and I found 150 °C oven is not hot enough...  did I misunderstand?  I converted that to F° 305 (I'm in Canada) should it be 170 °C?
I made these again and just love them.  We have mini peanut butter cups that I can decorate with frosting.  Thank you Jemma cause I am going to make them again.  I super love Reese's Peanut butter cups.  I looked at your peanut butter cake recipe.  Do you think if I cut the ingredients in half I could make a bundt cake?  They are much easier than a four-layer cake.
will this work if i use olive oil instead of vegetable oil and the flour and icing arent sifted
Love u Jemma U r the BEST 😘😘😘😘
How did I miss this delicious recipe! Have to try this out even though it is 35° outside lol 😂😥
So could this be turned into a cake? Would it need any modifications? Like for a two layer 9 inch cake
Hi can u do all measure in a cup instead of ml and gram please
I’m having hard time to convert this to cups..
в 2рмень филл и на 30проц мень сах
Bonjour! Some compilation there i see. Never tired of these. ! This channel is fun. Magnificient. Keep posting i will come back for more.
What can I replace vegetable oil with? It’s hard to find it in my place, is canola oil or olive oil okay?
I try this recipe today, with half quantities of the ingredients, and they taste amazing 🤤🤤 Thank you for sharing.
Hello I'm Brazilian, put subtitles in Portuguese available ❤️❤️ thanks
how could she not even taste it when it looks damn yummy... >-<
Looks amazing, so yummy 👌
I made them today and my husband really liked them. <3 Thank you for this lovely recipe, Jemma.
Peanut butter frosting was top notch it tasted delicious😘👍
why do you need to add coffee into the recipe?!?
They look so delicious!!
How to make buttermilk 125 g
I made this! I love the cake and icing but the filling is quite too sweet for me.
Im so making this tomorrow . looks yummy thank you so much
What peanut butter do you use??
Looks super yummy.  I cannot wait to try this recipe.
OMG I AM GOING TO SUBSCRIBE TO HER 💖💖💓💞
Me too I love peanut butter
It is my birthday on Sunday , but I am blind and my sister is not making this
I love your videos but I wish you would translate your wonderful recipes into Cups. It's very difficult to follow along when I have to translate.
Can't wait to make these for my Brothers BD! Thank you!!!
I used a scale and everything... soooo why is my batter so runny
I made these they were delicious and so easy to make!
I, as an American (USA), wish to thank you Brits for bangers and mash. It’s cooked differently than we do it...and it is fabulous! 😍
Love, love, love these cupcakes.  I had made them for my 80 year father last Father’s Day.  Now I’m making them for a fundraiser tomorrow.  Just want to keep them at home for ourselves 😱! Thoroughly enjoy and have learned so much from your videos!
I am totally addicted, not in you but your recipes.
This recipe for the chocolate cupcake is A M A Z I N G. Please create a recipe for vanilla cupcakes that uses oil and buttermilk instead of butter :)
Can I use something besides coffee
???
is this chocolate peanut butter cupcake or just peanut butter cupcake
please cheesecake cupcake!
Superb 😘👌😋🤤
CHANGE THE MEASUREMENTS
You need your own program on Food Network , it would be brilliant!
what happens if you don't have a food processor - what can you use?
Everything is made, now just waiting on the cupcakes to cool, then I will assemble. Had my kids helping me.
I just used the icing, not the whole recipe, and oh my goodness, I thought I didn't like buttercream. It is the most delicious icing that I've ever tasted, full stop. Holy cow
Omg. I am making these for my husbands birthday next month. Thank you!!
These look divine! 😍
Can you post US conversions?
Is chocolate chip necessary ? Mam. I want to skip it. What other changes I have to make .kindly reply
@CupcakeJemma Im GOnna Try THis TomorroW!
<3 <3 <3 <3
Hello i love your recipe but by what i can replace buttermilk  thanks
How many cupcakes does this recipe make?
Can I use milk rather than butter milk?
hi jemma can you leave the coffee out
Some eggless cupcakes also
It's too sweet.
Hey Jemma, if you're cooking these as mini cupcakes, how hot/how long do you bake them for?
did anyone try these? are they very sweet? i'm cautious because many asians don't like a lot of sweetness
Delicious 😋
i'm going to london in october and i'll hopefully visit crumbs and doilies bUt i feel like as soon as i set a foot in it no one'll be able to remove me from there lolz
Do they have to be refrigerated?
Replace the milk chocolate with real chocolate aka dark chocolate, and you have a winner!
l want to be just like you wen I grow up 😊
Is it possible to replace the vegetable oil with coconut oil in this (and other) recipes?
Please make a tropical fruit cupcake and a citrus fruit cupcake and a summer fruit cupcake please :)
Where do you get your cupcake cases from pls?
im loving all your cupcakes..i made your red velvet just yesterday and i think i still got lot more to come..haha..thanks for all the recipe you're sharing with us!!
can we use the back of  normal tablespoon to ice the cupcakes?...????
I don't understand why the uk and the us don't have more candies in common. How hard is it to import candy/make them locally?
i cannot find buttermilk what can i substitute for it
Hi , Jemma. Love your videos. Can you upload an eggless cucpcakes recipe ?
Emma, do you really need the coffee? Can you taste it?
loves peanut butter, loves cheesecake, loves baking, loves cookie dough. hey someone calling me??
This look so fucking delicious , but I will love it whit cake vanilla flavor. I trying make your reference.  Thank you☺
Hello guys am a new youtuber, i have uploaded two vidoes on my channel please do watch it, like it and subcribe for more :)
Is bicarbonate soda the same as baking soda?
Why do you add coffee in your chocolate mixers
jemma.. im emma.. and i really really really love ur cupcake 😍😍😍😍
What can i use instead of the buttermilk because we don't have it in my country?
0:33 I HEARD THE DRUM BEAT AT THIS PART AND THOUGHT AARON BURR WAS GONNA START RAPPING
this will make 12cupcakes?
Ge milis am fìon, tha e searbh ri dhìol
"Grab a little nugget, and just fill your hole with it." 😆
how long can i store this in room temp?
what can I substitute If I donot have Buttermilk?
I made this for my little sisters birthday party, everyone LOVED IT!!!! And as do I. I love your channel and all of the recipes that I've tried, never failed to amaze my tastebuds!
tooooooo much fatty and expensive recipe
amazing recipe will definitely try this one  and your dress was fabulous  loved every bit of this video <3
Do you live in Brighton? Sorry if I spelled it wrong
I just made these cupcakes and they are amazing! Thank you Jemma, you're the best!!!!
subscribed.!
51 people should die sorry
Please make kitkat cupcakes
super *_*
Everything on your channel looks delicious !!
At this point. This comment was typed exactly a year after the original upload.
When you're allergic to peanuts but you watch anyway because Jemma is amazing
I made this recipe and everything turned out great besides the butter cream. Would've been better if you had said how many cups instead of saying the amount of grams. That really messed me up. I did search it but people were giving different answers.
Can't wait to make this 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
well he is everywhere have you saw donal skehan youtube video I have subscribed him so all of you should subscribe him their is nothing wrong about him
Can I just stick a peanut butter cup in the middle?
What if we have no more eggs? Do we add more Baking powder? D:
does anyone know what I can use instead of buttermilk??
Omg you're do cute
hi Jemma I love your channel and I have a question what can I use instead of the bicarbonate of soda??
Can you make a cookie dough cupcake recipe?
I don't know how many times i repeated 6:48 hahahahaha
wow there's so much sugar in this recipe :( it's really 185g of sugar???
I want to make EVERYTHING that you've ever posted on your channel. I love how you go into detail and explain things so normal people can actually make these deserts! Love your channel :)
Wow made them today and they are amazing even if I say so myself.... Thank you for introducing me to yet another masterpiece.
Hi Jemma!, So happy I've found this as I always used your chocolate batter recipe that makes 24 cupcakes and i always had to divide to make 12, which was quite a challenge dividing 3 eggs!! Thanks as ever for sharing your recipes. Vernie x
I always feel like she doesn't like eating these cupcakes
Everything you make looks amazing.....since I live in states and we use cups vs. grams could I get a scale and measure grams that way instead of converting every time?
I love it so good pit 🍬🍪🍩🍡🍰🎂🍿🍰🍫🍦🍪
Anyone else wonder how many bowls she uses, I wish I could do that but I have to wash everything up and it takes ages! 😂😂
can you put the recipes in U.S. measurements also?
I hate peanut butter but I tried it and it taste so good
What could I use in place of the coffee?
can I use whole milk instead of buttermilk plz?
Where can I find American conversions to your recipes? Is there an app you recommend for that?
Ooo! I wish I had one right now!
Thanks for d recipe jemma. The peanut butter filling was quiet sweet so I had to balance it using 85% chocolate in d frosting. They turned out very good
Dis cake is the moistest cupcake Ive ever made nd I make a lot of cakes .
A bit of a process.. I'm exhausted! But soooo worth it!! Loved these and so did everyone else!
I love how she make her recipes it's so neat 😀😀
Where does one buy a spoonula?
Just found your channel and went through most of your videos already. You make it look so easy to make!
what is butter milk jemma
I love you and your channel sooooo much!!! I want to own a bakery just like you! Your so enthusiastic with your baking! You inspire me so much, I hope that some day I can visit your awesome bakery!
You are Idol for my little brother.He wanted to make cupcake so he always watched all of your videos. Even if he stayed in hospital, he still watched you everyday until before he was gone. You made him so happy. Thank you so much about your videos.
my cupcakes are just in the ofen :D But I didn't had everything :$ so there is some oil and butter  no buttermilk (just plane milk)  so I hope they are still going ro turn out beautiful ^^ because I need them for my friends birthday tomorrow :o
thats a lot of sugar..
ugh I want to move to Britain just to go to her shop
can u convert the grams to cups
Best of the best!!!!!
.so good
I tried this and it was quite oily and too moist because of the vegetable oil:(
oh dear.... i want this so badly
Hi Jenna My name is Noor and I rally like your  butter cup  cupcake  video so  I want to know  the recpy for RAMBO CUP CAKE please and wen ever your free you can doit
your awesome
why don't you use a piping bag to ice the cupcakes??
can u say cups also because im in usa and i dont know what cups
beautiful!!!! I´ll  try this!
Can i use just whole milk? instead of buttermilk.
great
First time I've heard someone say they love something coming out of America..
I did everything you said, b
Looks so yummy.
Right now I'm waiting for the cupcakes to cool down so I can put on the frosting; in the mean time I've tried the buttercream and OMG... It's the bomb! I love it! I could eat it just with a spoon :p Anyway, I can't wait for the cupcakes to cool down to assemble all the recipe. I can anticipate that is gonna be a really good recipe, thanks Jemma!
By any chances, do you have the recipes in cups instead of grams. Having a hard time to find a chart that changes grams to cups. Really would love to try some of your recipes.
See now I had heard that most British people don't really like or understand the appeal of peanut butter.
I don't have buttermilk, what can I use instead? Bye I love you, and your videos❤️
Can someone tell me what exactly is buttermilk? Or does it have nay other names? Thank you :)
How many spoons of coffee?
Hi Jemma, love your recipes! But unfortunately, where I live, buttermilk isn't sold in supermarkets.. Could you tell me if i could replace it by another ingredient? Or not put it at all? Thank you!
I can't wait to try these they look delicious!
Just made this yesterday but in a cake version and OMG. I whish I could show you the result. Tastes like heaven :)
Hi Jemma, i've been meaning to ask this for a long time... i've noticed among all bakers online that i'm following, you're the only one that put everything all of your ingredients (except the milk and vanilla) at one go and mix up the batter. while most of the bakers use to cream first the butter+sugar+egg then slowly adding the wet and other dry ingredients. Is there any big difference in the batter or the cake itself? thanks in advance!
Some of your recipes use plain flour. Some of your recipes use self raising flour. All of them seem to use Bicarb soda (baking soda). From what I have read, self raising has a lower protein content than plain flour with bicarb and salt in it. I normally only have plain flour or cake & pastry flour at home. What would you recommend I do?
Drool!
Hi chef  we are vegetarian and wanted to know the substitute of egg when making cup cakes.
hallo CupcakeJemma ! I heart ur videos nd ur tattoo so much  #aye !!! SO DEE-LEE-SHEE-US!!!! YURMMMIE!!  #cupcake_jemma_with_the_Peanut_Butter_Cup_Cake
Make lemon cupcakes please
Do we have to use coffee
Can i usw ordinary milk and not butter milk?
CupcakeJemma What can I use instead of buttermilk ? İn Turkey they don't sell buttermilk.
I made these for my boyfriend's birthday and they were a huge hit! One of my friends called it a "flavor bomb" and lots of other people were asking me how I made the center taste exactly like the peanut butter in a Reese's.
These look stunning!!!
For those who are grocery shopping and following the recipe while baking using the description box: Can you add peanut butter cups to the list as a garnish and add the measurement for bicarbonate of soda for the cupcakes? Obviously I'm going back and checking the video again, but just thought it would help the next person.  Thanks!! I'm about to make these for my boyfriend's birthday and I'll know they'll be incredible.
Can i make buttermilk from scratch or substitute it? Cause i cannot find it on supermarkets... At least not with that name.
Is there something to use instead of coffee??
+Zara hussain mind ur own business and I had already made a similar cupcake mixture and buttercream cream so get ur facts right stupid
You should do macaroons!
Gonna try this with Nutella
Yummy. Goodbye diet
Was that buttermilk that you used in the cupcakes? If yes,wasn't it a little too thick?
Im addicted to peanut butter cups and this has brought a whole new addiction into my life..and so fun to make too☺️ loved the vid
I can't find buttermilk in Argentina, can I make it at home or is there any substitute?? Thanks!
İt is DELİCİOUS !
CupcakeJemma  is their anyway you can convert grams into cups? I get really confused. I truly love your YouTube account but the thing I dont like is the measurments for example the grams. Please help me out. Do you have a website where the measurments will be in cups??
Hey! I loved your vanilla cupcake recipe ;) Please could you make on of the following: Nutella brownie in a mug Nutella mugcake Chocolate mugcake Brownie in a mug    Thank :)
Can you double this recipe to make it into cake form?
Just want to say that I made these for my friend's birthday yesterday and everyone there was ranting and raving about how amazing they were and they truly were outstanding! I've been a viewer for a few months but this is my first time making something from this channel, but I have to this that this is going to be my go to place for baking!
Which type of mixer does she use ? Which one do you recommend for beginners? 😅 Thanks #help!
What is the purpose of the coffee? I don't much care for the taste, and am wondering if the flavor is present in the cake.
OMG THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
Would it be possible to put the peanut butter filling/dough into the cupcake cases whilst the mixture is still wet before you put it in the oven? - that way the cake would form around it and the filling would be hot and melty?
i hate penuts penut butter any thing penutty
For me, you ruined it by adding coffee and peanut butter :D But they still looked really good :)
This look so good and they're so fancy!
I love peanut butter so much and just decided to try it for this Ramadan. Thank you, Jemma!
Your recipes are always mouthwatering...:Q_
I love peanut butter cup <3
Omg, this is why im fat
Hey JEMMA! I've been wondering for a long time.. What brand of vanilla extract do you use? Because it looks super thick and it looks different from other thinner vanilla extracts in the supermarkets.
i made these, the buttercream and filling and overall flavour of the cupcake was nice nut the cake was so soft and crumbly that when i tried to make a hole in the cupcake, it broke in half!
I wish I live in london!!!
I would love to make these for my 4 year old Sunday School class, but fear most parents wouldn't want that age ingesting coffee. Any suggestions on a suitable substitute?
Cupcake Jemma, these look delicious! Do you have a biscuit/cookie version of this peanutty chocolatey goodness?
If that where me I wouldn't have enough batter bc I would eat it all
make nutella cupcakes!!
Smore cookies
Giant donut
i love your cooking
If only there's ♥ button here on YouTube to express how much I love this cupcake invention incorporating my ultimate favorite goodie of all time! Will you send me some? We're only miles apart. T^T Thank you! ^3^
I really love your t programs, i enjoy watching them everytime 😊 I also have the sweet tooth  😋
Make a behind the scenes please! Really nice cupcake btw! Xoxo
can you pleaseeee do snickerdoodles?!
Hello Jemma! Have you got some recipe for nice cake with peaches please? Thanks. merci
You're welcome for the PB cups (from America). Please bring back the Cadbury eggs to us! :-)
Can you make nuttella cupcakes
I'm definitely gonna try these!
You should make a caramel doughnut😋😍
Please make a Father's Day cake
Yuuuummmyyyyy I love everything about this
Hi Jemma I was wondering what stand mixer you use or if you could recommend a good one for home baking as I am looking to buy one
OMG I can't wait until finish the entrance exam then I'll try your recipes Jemma :) Those little butter cupccakes look so amazingggggg!! Btw, may I ask whether you bake all the cupcakes for the bake shop in the upstair kitchen?
Looks really yummy! what ca I use instead of buttermilk?
Can we use coffee grounds in the dry ingredients cupcake jemma
Wow i love it
looks delicious as always :*>
Hi Jemma, I absolutely adore your channel. I've watched from the beginning. I'm not entirely sure if you are taking video requests, but I thought I would ask anyway: can you please do a "how to" video on macarons (French or Italian). I love how you give step by step visuals and practical advice. Thanks!
Hi Jemma!! Can you show us how to make an ice cream cake?!?!
Is it possible to make 2 8-inch rounds out of the mix? I'd like to turn this recipe into a cake
did you use my idea of the reeses cupcakes
your my inspo Jemma❤️U
Jemma is there any alternative of the egg. Can I use something else than egg?
My fan oven burns things....
That's my idea of heaven, right there.
Love your reason for using the apple corer. Cook's perks, right?
WOW!!!!!!, YOU ARE AMAZING, I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!!!!!!
can someone please convert the ingredients to US measurements?  CupcakeJemma
i m your big fan <3 of the mexico <3
+CupcakeJemma Is there a way I could make this recipe gluten-free???? Thanks I love your videos and Reese's peanut butter cups, too!
I wish you would do instructions for people in America 😕😔
I am going to bake 48 of these. I swear they look awsome
Hey! What's the difference between icing sugar and caster sugar? :)
Can I please Like this video again ... and again ... and again!!!!
Oh wow, these looks amazing!
I hate coffee. Can you taste the coffee or is there a substitute for it? These look amazing. Definitely going to give it a go!
You are amazing!
Can you make soft and chewy care meal bites?
I just wanna take the cupcake out of the screen!!! I NEED one right now~:9
Made these as a treat for my flatmates after exams, went down a complete treat!! Fantastic recipe, delicious cupcakes, and they are gone so quickly!! Love your channel! <3
Can you make lava cake pleeeaaasee????
I love peanut butter, and I love you too!
Big fat like to everything about this! :)
I don't even like coffee or peanut butter but they still look soo good omg
Oh my days look tasty
Miss your home videos!
Jemma's videos always make me sleepy- not because they're boring, my theory is that I'M BEING HYPNOTIZED BY ALL THE CUPCAKES...
I like the combination of peanut butter and chocolate but I utterly hate the cups!! Am I weird?
My mouth waters from every video that you put out. Brb, going to eat some sweets.
Tiramisu Cupcake Pls!!!!! I wanna make this happen!!!!
Not familiar with using grams as measurements. In the future, can you maybe include cups as measurement in the description box? Thanks!
Where do you get your utensils? Like the spoonula and stuff like that
Could you make some fancy cupcakes for an engagement party?
Please do a skittles cupcake
Hi Jemma Today is my Grandfather's Birthdat that was a nice treats!!!!!!! and delicious!!!!!!
Those are the most gorgeous chocolate cupcakes I've ever seen!
LOVE YOU JEMMA! You are always amazing <3
ohhhh sweet Moses... these are the Nirvana of cupcakes
These are perfection!
can anyone tell me where she got her white ceramic bowls she put her ingredients in? i love them!
Gotta love these sweets!
Could u do more of non-cupcakes recipes? We can always buy your cupcakes!😉
I`d absolutely love it if you made Minion cupcakes!
Looks amazing!
Fantastic recipe! Looks awesome! Thanks Jemma 😀😀
We think this cupcake idea is genius!  For more sweet treats and recipe ideas, head over to  #Fame  Food!
I just love your clips!
Jemma! Brilliant recipe. I'm Guessing those cupcakes didn't walk out the door, they ran. I can see many uses for the peanut butter paste. Thank you for sharing this delicious video. Blessings ChefMike
Yummyyyyyy 😋😋😋
Do a Nutella cupcake!
Pls can u do more cupcakes thanks
Omg! love u Jemma
The like button isn't enough for this, I LOVE this!!!!
MADE IT TO THE 301+
Another great peanut butter cup cupcake recipe is to put the peanut butter cups in the cupcakes. Just put a little batter in then put a Reese's in and then fill it the rest of the way. Freeze the Reese's first though.
Mint idea 😄😃😃😍😍
What's the difference between bicarb. soda and baking powder? Can I use the last one?
Cool
Ah thank you for this! I suggested this on your website and I'm so glad you made a version of them! Thank you :)
OMG <3 mmmm
Is there a sub for coffee? ❤️ya!
Omg.... This sux big time, Here in boring Sweden we don't have peanutbuttercup.... Shit..... 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 I WANT TO BAKE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!  😢😢😢😢😢
a nice treat.
Looks like another addictive one, can munch my way through a whole bag of salted peanuts and i like peanut butter. Thanks Jemma.
These look incredible!
Thanks!!
Can I substitude cold coffee with something else ? Because I really don't like coffee but the recipe seems really delicious ♥
Jemma I love you these look heavenly delicious can't wait to try thm n to watch ur next video love frm Pakistan
Do you have to use coffee anything else
Going to make this this weekend for sure! 8 for myself and 1 each for the other 4 in my household :P
Can you please make something to do with unicorns
Cool thanks for telling me!!!
Looks Delicious!! Yum!
Omg! These just made your Channel the best on YouTube!! 😂😘
CupcakeJemma These look divine. :D Can't wait to try them out.
Well I know what I'm making for dessert this weekend!
and this is how i am going to die :'D ♥ _ ♥
Oh wow these look amazing! I will probably make them soon, I loove peanut butter cups (shame you can't buy them in England)! Thanks for the video jemma, it really brightened up exam week!
Tried it it was delicious
OMG that looks amazing 😍😍😍😍
Que padrisimo! Me encanto mucho :3
These look delicious!!! As I'm writting this comment, I'm waiting my blueberry cheesecake cupcakes to come out of the oven. The recipe is straight from your cookbook :D
I should not be subscribed to this channel when I'm on a diet!! Oh lord these look so good.
Do you have to use coffee?? Me and my family don't like coffee. CupcakeJemma
Toooooo many innuendos in this video haha! Look tasty af though x
I love what u do😂❤😂
😍so much peanut butter...heaven right in front of my eyes...😍
Do you guys have to like use a scale to measure out your ingredients? 100 grams is normally a weight, or do you have like a set of scoops for measuring, like a tablespoon? Or in our case a cup. Also why do you guys always sift your flour? Does it make a difference?
I love your cap cake  recipes
Pity for those who have nut allergies including me!!😭😭😭
That was legitness
Hi Jemma ! I made the buttercream basic for my cupcakes and seems mine is not as stiff as yours and not pale. But I have mix it for about 5-6 in room temp. And it seems easily to melt in room temp. Do you know why? Is it because I reduce the icing sugar or I use the wrong Icing sugar? Thanks. Please need ur advice.
Dear Jemma, I love peanut butter so I couldn't appreciate this video more!! I love your videos and cant wait to try out some of recepis.   I was wondering if you maybe would make some alternative cupcakes? By alternative i mean more healthy:)) I'd love to see you make a video with healthy cupcakes, as I would love to make such cupcakes:))
It didn't seem like she added all the peanut butter in the filling or the cocoa powder in the batter
The dough looks very lumpy :/
Whoever disliked this video I will find u
I love peanut butter too. This looks delicious
How does this woman not have more subscribers!?!?! Amazing!
Please make the dye cupcakes I know it's kinda the same as rainbow but I wanna see you bake them professionally
Eeeeeeeww peanut butter
Cool
Jemma could you please teach the blueberry cheesecake cupcake you shared on instagram earlier?
First like xx
Loved it 😊😐😄😀😘
OMG my brother loves peanut butter cups (and peanut butter) so this is perfect for him!!!!!!!!!!!! :-)
Where is your shop located?
This cupcake Is literally making my mouth water.
Finally u back to cupcake videos. Haha
I'm drooling!!!
Recess aw my FAVORITE!!!!!
Idk I just love the way you say "vegetable oil" XD
Absolutely lovely S2
Dat luks yummm
I'm so happy about this one
Finally..... You actually read your comments sometimes, yea?
😍😍😍
This look so good
Can I substitute the peanut butter with almond butter ? thank you I love you and your videos <3
<3
Could you drop a ball of the peanut butter filling into the cupcake batter filled tins just before they go in the oven?
I don't like coffee any substitutes?
Delicous!❤️
I absolutely LOVE your videos!! ❤️❤️❤️
I need to make these ASAP!
your ideas r also very creative
I loved that snickers brownie by the way
you make great cakes =)  <3
