This guy knows his shit!  I thought this lawnmower I’ve been working on was out of time because it was starting hard and the rope would snap back on me about every 3-4 pulls. I’m glad I watched this guy so I can get this lawnmower running right and out of my garage and back to the owner!  I just got done putting the new keyway in this craftsman lawnmower and it started on the first pull and ran just beautiful! Thanks alot Bruce! You’re alright man!
Excellent video thank you for that
Very informative, thank you.
I think a wheel puller works better .
Oh wow thats awesome man! Thats pretty cool the way you fixed it and knew your stuff. Im having a problem putting on a brand new pull coil. Awesome work
I took mine apart -I couldn’t get the flywheel off, but it looks like it’s lined up. It’s still yanking back though. Could it be something else?
I have had the same issue bought on  a 4 stroke, hydro locked motor.  Any thoughts Bruce. //?
Nicely done!!
Rewind Starter Pull
Got a older toro personal pace free. Got it home sat outside few weeks one day i walked by it gave it 3 pumps on primer pull rope promptly ripped handle out of my hand. OUCH it sat a month or so till i was washing stuff gave it a bath. The tecumseh sump gasket leaking. Put in flywheel key replace blade good runner.pull engine replace sump gaskett.  put grease fitting into gearbox service drive wheels and front wheeles. With engine off buff shell to shine. Looks good runs good put battery in it electric start works. Time and blade oil good mower to sell Lev 120 engine. Lucky on this one. There are others that get parted out.
I just learned something here watching this. The key must match the slot. I had my 7hp mower doing this too and I had it apart down to the flywheel but I didn't know what to look for, now I do. I just took my mower to a guy in the next town over from me because he fixes small engines. I wish I didn't now but he is reasonable. If I had known this I would have jumped on amazon for a flywheel key set. Not sure which one my mower takes or are they standard?
Just learned something new. Thanks!!! 😉
gonna try that, thank you man
Always keep a pack of flywheel keys on hand, 1 for the tiller, mower, edger, tree shredder, log splitter
Clean worker, 👍
I watched this video and solved my problem.
just a quick question can this happen to a 7000/8750 genarstor to pull back
One of the easiest going people on YouTube, knows his stuff and has helped me solve numerous problems in my mower repair work( I was a trucker for 44 years, some health issues and early retirement so I took to mower repair as a hobby and it evolved to a little side hustle😜) . Like I said Bruce has helped me out through his videos numerous times, for which I am in his debt. 👍😜🇮🇪
Great video, very educational,  thanks man.🇬🇧
Ive recieved 4 mowers for free just due to that lil key and needing valve adjustment.   Crazy how lazy people are
I DO HAVE a broken wrist from a cord that pulled back, thanks for explaining... it is a fairly new mower I will be returning....
My mower is still ripping the pull cord out of my hand. I've checked the shaft key and it's fine. I tried adjusting the exhaust valve gap and now the kickback is worse.
Someone hit something while cutting
Another cause of this symptom can be valves out of tolerance. I typically see this on over head valve engines like the old Tecumseh horizontal shaft models they used to put on snow blowers. Set the valve clearance one thousandth below spec and it takes care of the problem.
Please what is the name of those gloves you are using and how can I get them? Thanks
Any way to avoid potential injury when using the recoil? (Assuming operator is unsure if kickback will occur or not) Lightly gripping handle it so it pulls out of hand easy?
Ya mine did that and wrapped the cord around my thumb it dislocated it damn does that hurt
Where did you get your lift?
Could a broken pull start the plastic bit just before the spring result in knocking the key way out of sync  Bruce has i havent hit anything
Interesting. I don't have a shop or fancy parts, but I'd like to be able to start the lawn mower without help.
Hey Bruce great video
My mower would not crank so I clean the carb, check the key, replace the filter and spark plug  checked valves clearance at .04 I have no oil problem, no fuel leaks so my question is why do I still have to pull my 5 to 6 time to crank the mower it run find after that  but to start it it's going to take 5 to 6 pull to crank. So what do you think I may have missed??? Yeah I've got to get that air hammer wish I would known about the wood before I ruin that nut!!! One of the big nut off my tie rod fits just fine after I clean all the strip nut off the shaft. Oh yeah I slightly sand the fly wheel magnet 🧲  and clean the coil it was very rusty set it with a business card I did get spark before and after???
👍Good repair. (Sure hurts!)
Bruce as always m8 very helpful
I injured my arm twice badly while starting lawn mower after replacing all gaskets, spark module and carburetor. wondered why this is happening, time to check this key out. Thanks for the video
I’m in the er right now my cord went back so fast it hit my hand and broke it
Mine is ripping my arm off. Breaking the rope it's so bad. But key is intact and lined up perfect. Haha any ideas ?
Thanks for showing how to smack the flywheel off!
Tecumseh sells a knock- off tool to remove the fly wheel. part # 670169
Hi Bruce. Another issue can be the rotor base plate if that’s what is fitted. ( common in Australia ) . If the base plate isn’t torqued on adequately, sometime 60 NM, it may slip. The base rotor In some motors IS the flywheel in the truest sense of the word. It’s stores energy via angular momentum. ( remember is spins at 30 times per second at 1800 rpm! ) anyway , a slipping baseplate , or no base plate , will mean the motor is really difficult to turn over. If the motor runs it will back fire etc. I know all this from bitter experience with my tecumseh ULT50. Ps love your videos! Keep up the good work
Great video sir! I’m sure you’ve helped hundreds of people with this video - you helped me.
Great video! I wasn’t exactly sure why my mower was pulling back and I never would’ve though about the flywheel key! It’s a Toro GTS with the 6.5 HP Tecumseh. And sure enough after I opened it up it was shredded! Popped a new one in and the thing fired right up!
Thank you or sharing this video with us,  very helpful.
Camera in wrong place, close garage door day light shining in, close all doors
Hi i have a very old biggs and stratton lawnmower, it was forking this morning but then i went to start it and it kicked back really hard. Now it does this every time. The flywheel key seems to be good. And both valves are opening and closing. Do you know what i should do?
I've got a Cub Cadet 173 push mower spray starting fluid to to start it it jerks the Rope out of your hand real bad and it won't stay running I'm going to have to pull the flywheel off and see if the keys broke appreciate the video
Outstanding video. Thanks.
I watched a Vintage Bruce video from the vault 👍🏼👌🏼
Snap back could also be cause by a reverse magnet coil installation.
vapour lock,thats what you have when you are working on mower and have tilted wrong way so oil gets into cyclinder,to fix i just removed exhaust and pulled cord so to release pressure built up,that fixed it
I love it first pull and it starts
way to go bruce
Good info. I tried this but my key was fine. Ended up starting it with my drill while the pull cord was off. Fired up after a couple of attempts. Guess it just sat up too long.
I need some help with a older tecumseh 3.5 HP mini bike motor that kicks back when you pull the rope, I have checked the flywheel key several times and replaced it to no avail. It has gotten better but is still hard to start at times, I don't know what to do next.
Almost threw away my lawn mower
It’s not the Space Shuttle!!!   Lol
Great video,  after years of repairing small engines I would only add one critique.  Before removing the top end you should disconnect the spark and pull the rope and observe the blade and rotation of the crankshaft for loose bade or warped shaft and then proceed to the flywheel key
damn, that hoist is cool!
November 2020 and this guy saved me from buying a new mower. Huge thanks 🙏
I got messed up really good. Huge welt on my left hand
6 stitches on left hand. Ill attest. Where do you get said key ? Lowes?
Worked like a charm!    Separated the flywheel as shown in the video.  Replaced the key, cleaned the mower up a bit, new oil, plug , gas & a shot of WD-40 into the cylinder & gas tank.  Couple of pulls later, mower ran like new!    OBTW - Tecumseh motor parts are becoming scarce, will have to buy a new air filter on-line, but was able to locate a flywheel key locally...  waz
I have a massive whip mark across my chest after trying to start this hayter with a briggs on bloody thing 😂 hope it this will have a look in the morning
my woodchipper done this it was to much play in valvs
Bruce thanks for the video I have exactly the same lawnmower with same  problem.  But, I can’t get it started after changing the pin.  It looks like I’m not getting any sparks.  Do have any suggestions
Thank you, saved me a boat load of money. Exactly like you showed👍👍👍👍
Mine dose it on a Coleman mini bike please help
Can you tell me where you got the lift to lift the mower. Thank you.
I was surprised, and not surprised to see this exact mower relating to this issue.... lol 4:35 actually...I do :-)
This stupid thing 😠😡 only say : there's was a problem while playing, bull shit!!!
Brill video fixed mine using this way of doing it. Cheers Steve
i have one snapping the cord back but pulled flywheel and key is perfect could this be an internal problem with cam shaft or something
@Bruce Pender i have a predator engine it backfires when pulled and turns on but revs really really high the governor was taken out any thoughts on what it could be?
And if it's not the key then what else could it be? I have the 6.75 Tecumseh engine which is basically the same, the carb was flooding and I can smell gas in the oil but the oil is not diluted the key is good I'm stumped at this point. I did manage to get it started then it would stall so I was looking to make sure the governor wasn't stuck then found that it wasn't even connected to the carb, somebody had just put a bent piece of wire on it and of course it wasn't attached properly, when I sort of attached it I got it started again but even revving it up the engine wasn't running at the proper rpms, would the governor not being at the correct setting cause the cord to snap back, I've worked on many small engines but this one I can't figure out.
Pretty awesome video man thanks for the information 🙌🏼
Thanks Bruce learning a lot from your videos.
Thank you I’ve been watching your vids and I now have a working lawn mower
Can you SHARE the Part Number / AVAILABILITY  of that Crankshaft "Key"  please ... I have that SAME Engine with the SAME problem ...
Hey Bruce ,l  have the same issue with  a 2 'stroke Victa .. Any idea's?
Where you end up paying somebody an $80 shop fee to replace the flight will key for you
Well you can damage the shaft of your crank if you mushroom the top so you need to put the nut back on so that it’s flush and when you tap that tap it solid square and flush my dad was a small engine mechanic for over 20+ years and that’s how he popped fly wheels off of all his mowers or you can use bearing puller I’ve seen people call them claw Poler‘s but you can just put two or three sides of it on the edges of the fly will and run the bolt down on top of the fly wheel shaft and it basically does the same thing as you Applying pressure up force on the fly wheel and the shock of the hammer below same difference just be sure to put your  flywheel nut flush Tap the top squarely you can use piece of  wood also.
thanks for the information,,,  i almost got killed when i pulled the cord
I wonder if this can be my issue on my ariens snowblower? anyone have any thoughts or comments, bts my pullstring is hard and sometimes snaps back, easy to pull with out the plug and pulled the front cover and no debris
yo, dude, I put a 173 Predator as as replacement for an old engine. Today, I thought I would  split some wood on the log splitter...  Two pulls later, the whiplash from the starter rope, I thought I had broken two fingers!!!!!!!! After seeing your informative video, it is time to see if that is the problem...thanks, eagle-san in colorado
What really happen was someone hit something with the blade.
you rock!
Thank you for this video. That is like my mower, so now I get to do what you  have just finished.
Five years later 2019 and your video is still helping! Thank you!
You have a full semi auto ak on the wall shame on you.  Keep canada free of full semi auto machine guns.
i have the same problem with my electric generator  i replaced  the recoil started and now the rope is snapping  back  , would be the same  problem as the lawnmower  or the mechanism is diferent?? thanks
What if the key is not bad and in place and the timing mark are ok on the cam and crank and it still kick back
good video, explains why my engine is jerking my hand off.  suggestion - move your lawnmower stand (it has wheels) closer to your work bench and tools to save some steps back and forth.
Bruce is there another possible reason why it kickback  even when flywheel and key are not sheared or damaged  thanks ps it was running before started good  thanks
Thank you, Mr. Pender. Using your tip concerning flywheel removal, I was able to rob one mower to fix another. Also, using what I've learned from you, doublewide6, Steve's Small Engine Saloon, and Foxboss9, I have landed 2 part time jobs doing small engine repair and tuning. I've learned from others, but yours, Steve's, doublewide6, and Foxboss9 have been the best. Consistent, on-track/on-topic, well-illustrated, clearly explained without condescension, and no distracting soundtrack.
I'm just wondering do push mowers not have torque specs on the flywheel?
Thanks for tip with the whacking!
Hey Bruce, I checked for the fly wheel key and its intact on my mower. So what else could be causing the problem with the rope snapping back? Thank you.
thanks for video can the blade key have the same affect on mower
Good video and good repair Bruce. I ripped you pretty bad on a riding mower deck rebuild but I have nothing but good things to say about this repair. I was given a mower with the same issue a few yrs. ago. I told the lady that it was more than likely just a flywheel key and I could fix it for next to nothing but she had already purchased a new mower and said "take it" I repaired it and sold it to an older gentleman very cheap.
Awesome video. Thanks!
Thanks for this video I was going to get rid of my mower due to kick back was able to fix it starts on the first pull and purrs like a kitten thanks to your video!!
Help!! I tried this, but my fly wheel key is not broken, and it still does this
the down side if it break the key I oftern bens the grank
Where do you get those fly wheel keys from I have the same problem with my brute lawn mower!
Thanks Dude
I had to laugh at the end when you brought the oil burner outside but kept the exhaust blowing into your shop. Other than that, it was a great video. Keep up the good work. Subscribed.
Lol I was fixing an old tecumseh mower for someone and I remember this was the issue. I found that out when my arm just about got ripped off! Came across this video and it made me laugh. Thanks.
I wonder what you think about this please I recently purchased a 13hp 4000psi 15litre a minute pressure washer it was extremely hard to start it felt like it had really good compression To good I'm fact so I made sure it had the trigger open to release any excess pressure it was almost tipping the machine over to start After  testing it out and changing the nozzles a fee times I went to start it again it didn't fire but it pulled the top back from my hand so violently it broke my wrist and I had to have surgery on it with plates and screws inserted I am now unable to work for 3 months and I have been talking to the lawyer about it and they will be having an engineer inspect it Any thoughts??¿?
Bruised the bajeesus out of my wrist and hand. Dropped me in my tracks.
My mower has a new key and it still acts like it’s sheared I have the mower on my channel i know about mowers I’ve rebuilt many but never seen something like this it still runs it just hurts to start it
Hellooo!! Another thing to check is to see if the crank shaft is bent, and it happens.
Thank you very much for this info
Excuse me I have a problem with my 4500 champion welder generator, engine jerks pull rope but engine starts welds good no missing, the key don't look broken help me
Thank Bruce:  I rebuilt this outboard and started and running for a few minutes, but quickly left buttom cycl. going, found old fuel pump leaked into top cycl. got new pump and after many pulls, started and would not stay running, then kick back hard on 3rd pull or so. Pull off flywheel, key is perfect and put back and still kick back. thinking it is too lean, riched it up, no change,  retarded timing, still no change.  I am lost on it.  compression 110 on both.
Thank you Bruce, very neat shop and super pleasant to watch your work. My 25 hp Nissan outboard it breaking my hand of snaps back hard.  I ll check the key if broken.
Great video
Remember, folks, though the key is designed to shear when hitting an obstruction as to possibly eliminate bending the crankshaft, chances are if you hit something hard enough to shear your flywheel key, you've bent the crankshaft. To check crank, REMOVE spark plug, tip mower up with spark plug hole UP and have someone pull the rope while you look under at the crank. Watch the head of the blade bolt. If it "wiggles" while rope is pulled, your crank is bent and your machine will vibrate so much, your hands will be numb by the time you're done mowing. Keep your mower on the lawn and out of the fields and you'll never hit anything too bend the crank...but aim for the neighbor's cat!
Those engines were great when they were running. But they were known for shearing keys and randomly having a hole in the block. I miss 'em though.
Stiff neck? LOL
Mr magoo?
Your "Hoist" action is something out of monty pythons bruce.....ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,hope your okay.keep your pecker up.tim england.
I'll share this cautionary tale- I had this Tecumseh on a Yard Man mower and the starter rope was not in the handle slot.  When the engine snapped the rope  back, it hit my left thumb on the way back to the starter.  Not only did it fracture my thumb but I had to have a Titanium plate and 8 screws to set my thumb properly.  Not fun!  You can't be too careful with these engines with broken flywheel key.
Wear padded gloves if the key is intact check the valve gaps two in a row repairs was no gap and it ripped the handle back
Let me ask this...If key is broken and causing the pull cord to snap back, if one can start the mower with half pulls, would it run normally? Because I mowed the yard that way. In others words, besides the broken key or a (ruled out since it ran) bent shaft, are there other possible causes?
Been there done that.
Bruce I have a Sears tiller takes your arm off pulling on the rope .I checked the key way and it is good the fly well is steel about 10 or 12 years old could the  valves need adjusting and can you a just them. Sam thanks
Suffolk punch 20inch mower
Learn something every time I watch your posts. Thanks for taking the time to post such interesting cases. Where did you get such a nice and helpful hoist/lift?
What is actually moving as far as the crank or engine when you rap it with the block as you pop the flywheel off. My lawn mower is running really bad, and almost tore my wrist off after kicking back. It tore the rope in half again.. I thought it may be the lightened blade after years of sharpening the edge maybe being too light. Thanks for pointing the real culprit. Over a time i must have stopped the blade on something maybe 4 times. Thanks for the video. Frank
Thank you Bruce! I don't know much about motors, and mechanical stuff, so you explaining and show your tips is greatly appreciated. This was exactly the issue with my mower, and I managed to fix it by my self after I saw your video. Again thank you Mr Handyman ; )
I like the phone company “can wrench”..
great presentation.  good closeups, good explanations.  Well done!
your gun is not properly stored
You have lot's of helpful tips
Bruce, thank you for a most brilliant tutorial on the snap back problem. Your photography, clear concise directions, and a good bit of your humor make it a real gift to all of us in youtube land. I have a 1960's sears lightning chainsaw that snaps back.The problem is most noticable after i choke the engine to start it. I will first check the flywheel key. Can the problem be that its getting to much fuel, cause the carburetor needs work? Thanks again and god bless. Bruce the swimmer New Rochelle N.Y.
I like the speed up on parts of your videos and the chipmunks talking in the background.
Hi Bruce, I enjoy your videos. I watched the one where the pull rope snaps back . My question is, I have a Troy Bilt pressure washer that is doing the same thing. It feels like it's going to take my arm off. I can understand a mower having a sheared key.  It is  a B & S engine. I have not taken the cup off to examine it yet. Once I get it started it runs fine. Have you any ideas that you might share with me? Thank you for your time and info.
Like this very much.. Thanks for the Info.. And your very neat 😊
Hi Bruce, Thank you for another FANTASTIC  video.  If the woodruff key isn't tapered, and isn't square, how does one determine the orientation of the offset (when the keys are offset) ???  [for the other viewers, many woodruff keys are square, (looking from the top down,  but long) and it doesn't matter]  under the conditions which you have presented, the key is offset, and sometimes it ISN'T tapered.  Is there any 'trick' or advice that would determine the orientation of the key ?   Thank you Bruce, for all of you FANTASTIC information.  You are a great bunch of knowledge.
You must have put it back together right if you didn't have any parts left . ( haha )
Now this is how you make a video
I use an air hammer to remove flywheels too. It's the best way to go.
I had to do this with a craftsman mower to. It also had a Tecumseh engine
That was a REAL neat trick to remove the flywheel!! I'm glad I saw this! Thanks!
the tiller is only 6 year old could be the valves it starts right up and runs good the fly wheel is metal
Bruce got tiller that does the same thing dam near takes your hand off I pulled it a part and checked the key way it looks good any help thanks sam
Hey bruce another great  video but i have the same tecumseh motor with a kickback , the flywheel key is not broken or bent  what else could it be ?
I have a Harbor Freight gas water pump that is doing the same thing.. It's the 6.5 hp 9540 gph.. I bought it and it was the display model because they clearanced all of the new ones down and brought in a different model.. but the way I've got to start it is to pull the cord slightly until you feel it release and then I pull it but if you don't do that it will almost jerk my fingers off
Where can I get one of those lift carts I like that
Where did you get that hoist for your lawnmower I like that
Aw shit we're working on a mower in crocks.
<--- Purist: Bruce, the reason why you don't beat on the shaft is because banging it with a hammer would distort the taper of the shaft preventing the flywheel from sliding down flush. This will create a wobble with the flywheel that will end up eating your coil as well as vibrating the nut that holds the flywheel off during operation. Good call with the piece of wood tho since wood is softer then metal you wont have this problem. The reason for my post however is based on your logic. Why would you consider it ok to beat on something that is already broke in order to fix it? From a mechanics standpoint hammers are for destruction, not construction. This logic creates a continuum that results in more destruction than construction which increases overhead increasing your odds of becoming a liability rather than an asset.
Your videos are easy to understand to me , I liked .
Hi Bruce, I was given a Weed eater lawn mower with a 5 hp Briggs engine. Its the newer style Briggs you see on pressure washer and a few different lawnmowers. It was given to me after it hit something because off the terrible kickback. First thing I checked was the flywheel key. It looked ok but I changed it anyway. Put it back together and it still has bed kickback. Any ideas on what else to check?
what is causing the kick is that the flywheel key is backward and should be turned over..
Excellent! Thanks for your common sense approach to this all too often problem. Keep up the good work!
great video my friend
Oh and BTW my boat motor was doing that.  this worked for that.
broken keyway I was right.  thank man :) BTW that really hurts :)
Bruce, I can't thank you enough for this video. My rototiller just about broke my arm last time I tried to start it. Now I can't wait to take it apart and look for the broken key! You saved me-THANK YOU!!!
On old engines that have points, shearing the key causes the engine to be totally dead because the point timing is correct, but the magnet timing is early, leading to no spark.
must be nice to have anti struggle-ass tools. nice truck, by the way.
Hi Bruce.. working on a mower that hit something so bad it bent the blade almost straight up. I pulled the plug and was looking at the top of the piston, to stick a rope in it so i could pull the fly wheel bolt to check for a broken key.  when i turn the flywheel the piston doesn't move up or down at all.  Is it possible he blew the connecting rod?   Shouldn't that piston be moving?   Thank you in advance.
Tapping on the crankshaft with the hammer is a bad idea, because someone told me once that if you use a hammer, tiny hair thin fractures in the flywheel can occur, causing the flywheel to split apart and severely injure the operator. I know your a mechanic, but that's a bad idea.
Mr. Pender after getting wacked by the pull cord handle ... a BIG ouch ... as you mentioned is rather dangerous ... your repair know how has given me the courage to attempt the repair myself ... thanks ... keep up the fine job Dude !!!!!
Gotcha! Great videos, keep it up.
Looks like the offset key could be installed advanced or retarded by flipping?
I understand this is a common problem with tecumseh motors. Is it also common on Honda's? I just had one rip the handle right out of my hand several times.  It would run and sputter a few times when it did start.  I also don't have a blade attached. Will this have a significant impact on the engine firing too early?
Funny...The neighbour just gave me a mower that has the blade bolt snap a while back.  Everything looked ok, I gave it a slow pull, seemed ok.  I tried to start it up and if it did happen to kick the crap outta my hand, might even have a fracture to my thumb!  I believe that the key in the B&S is broken like this one.  If Im not all banged up (dominant hand), this week, Ill see!
Thank you Mr. Pender!  Same here, you saved me tossing a perfectly good mower and paying hundreds for a new one.   Old Toro with Tecumseh 6.5. Slammed the blade into an iron hammock stand.  Tried to start,  got the severe kickback.  Google turned up your video.  All worked out exactly as you described.  I was a little unsure how to get the flywheel off, feared I would break the cast aluminum wheel.  I wound up rapping it with a rubber mallet and it popped loose. I had to tap a little nail in behind the broken key piece to knock it out of the shaft. Only other problem was having to wait 10 days for the local mower shop to get the  flywheel key in.   Cost $2.22.  Upon repair as you instructed, the mower started right up as usual.  So thanks again for taking the time to make your video!
Bruce, you just saved me from another wasted weekend of mower madness. Couldn't figure out what was going on until I found your tutorial by searching for "snaps back". Fifteen minutes, an impact drill, crowbar, and a $1.50 flywheel key is all it took. And it started on the first pull! I'm back in business. Molsons for everyone!
Bruce, this is what mine is doing, I' ordered a new key + Magneto
Bruce where did you get that hoist? I would like to have one like that!!
Thanks for a good video.  This happened to me today and I thought my finger would break off when that stupid rope yanked back like that!  Like you said, "it's already damaged, right?"  I agree!  I almost took a huge hammer to the whole dang mower.... not to fix it, but to fight  back!  LOL  Can't take a blow torch to a gasoline-filled yard tool, huh? Why would that happen not every time, but about 1/2 the time?  I did get it started again later, but the motor sounds like it's going to quit... repeatedly surging and sputtering, then surging again!   Anyway, I'm going to TRY to fix this myself...not because I think I can do everything, but more and more, I'm finding out that repair shops can't do ANYthing right anymore!  Maybe it's just in my area, but I kinda' doubt it!  Did you say "Good mornin' dudes?"  Just an FYI...not ALL of us who watch "fix it" videos are "dudes"!  LOL
Stone smooth - I cannot get the flywheel off but luckily I have the air tools - gona try that  - thanks! From what I understand the key off a only a few degrees will cause this problem.
Hey Bruce. It is a Tecumseh 6.5 hp Yard works!, Just started it again and is running like a Top. No kickback, but I'm still cautious when I pull that rope!! Thanks. RS
Hey Bruce. Had a a hard time getting the flywheel off as I didn't have a puller. The key seemed to be a permanent part of the shaft and appeared not to be out of place. I cleaned everything and removed some rust from the contacts. The mower started on the second pull with no kick back. I really don't know what I fixed but I guess the cleaning did it. Thanks again for your help. RS
Hey Bruce!! Thanks for the help!! I'm going to pull it apart today!! I'm a rookie at this kind of repair, so wish me luck!! Great Video!! Thanks again!! RS
Are all flywheel keys basically the same in all mowers?? I have the same problem with my 6.5 hp Yard-Works mower!! Almost broke my hand the other day!! Thanks RS
Hi Bruce What a great tutor you are . Thanks for the tips . So many people today are more likely to throw away rather than take to the time to lean and repair. Well done mate.
You do nice work. I pop off the flywheel the same way with a hammer, but I think if I was doing an instructional video, I would go by the book and use a puller so that way if some idiot busts up their engine, they won't blame me for it. Otherwise, thanks for taking the time out for making the videos. :)
Tecumseh motors also need the blade installed and balanced. It acts as a counter weight for the crankshaft.
What ever happened to using woodruff keys. what Junk those new keys are
thank you  I just about broke my hand on the kick back several times still can't close my right hand
Where did you find the 216b wrench? Also called a can wrench?
did you check the crankshaft first, to see if bent ?....Before you proceed
You have a real neat and tidy shop  there Bruce ,  wish my garage was so tidy  , is that a  record #6 vise  that is bolted to the  work shop bench ?  If so   thats a  real nice vise  . keep up the good work.
Invest in a wireless mic for your camera
Thanks for the informative videos that you and Donyboy73 share with the community. It save people a lot of time and money.
Sheared flywheel key strikes again!
Love the safety crocks you're wearing! lol...I'm bad about not protecting my toes and was wondering...have you ever been bitten by the Murphys Law where anything you drop will hit your toe and send you into a (delete explative or) cursing rant? Been there done that but I have yet to learn my lesson. lol Always enjoy catching up on your older videos my good Friend! Cheers!! Zip~
Hey Bruce, thanks for explaining this issue.  My old Quantum 4hp (bought it at K-Mart!) has been doing the cord snap for a few seasons and it seems to have got a little worse over time.  Now that my boys are using the mower I can see that it's a little dangerous.  Time to fix it!
Very informative, thank you. I took lawn mower repair classes in high school, and repaired a couple like this, and sanded parts, And repaired strings, it was nice to have a running motor at the end of the repair, Its has been lots of years since I did that, it was good to watch this video, a good refresher!
Thanks , was a quick repair thanks to your video
Thanks for posting!
I just serviced our mower. That is good info Bruce thanks for posting. Have some catching up to do been working in Zurich so doing 3 or 4 hours driving a day. But I got 4 days at home now ;-) Good to have no parts left lol. Sounds sweet now sir. Dave
Great job Bruce!
great job..I have had this happen befor and I had thought the gov. was messed up and broke I will look for this next time.. thanks for the post
