You do an outstanding job of offering information I really appreciate your videos you got a new sub from me. One question I do have I just uploaded a video and I've got black bars on the side of my TV when I play back the video. What setting do I need to adjust or change so that I can view back in a full screen on my TV thank you so much for your help
The gopro app doesn't exist anymore. Sure it's called Quik now.
Thank for the good lecture ❤
thanks for very detailed information.
Where i can find that password?
6years after this video was made and still extremely helpful
is this for windows 10 to?
If I wanna use it for racing and wanna put it on the outside of my car what should I use to hold the camera?
Thank you
Can I connect a microphone using the USB port?
❤❤❤❤❤
How can I make sure that my quick capture is already capturing without having to press the shutter on top? A lot of times I just miss the man shorts because I accidentally turn off recording mid way  I know I can check my screen but my camera is mounted on my cap to capture fishing videos
Hi JORDAN HETRICK  I know this is impossible, GoPro is my dream action camera ever since, and for a guy like me who's financially unstable wanting to persue vlogging. Is there any chance I can get a GoPro from you for free? It's okay if its already used.
Wish GoPro Quick still supported HERO 7. At least in free mode it doesn't.
Received mine new as a gift from work 5-6 years ago- just now getting started with it 😂 Really appreciate the video. ? Though - I run the STRAVA App when I’m MTB, will the GoPro app start because of the camera and interfere (stopping STRAVA) from working??
PERFECT
5 years later. Still a awesome tutorial video 🌟
Recently I buying a second hand  gopro 7 black and this vedeo shows me  and helps me a lot about this gopro7!! thanks mate 😊👍 you have a new subscriber from Norway 👍 this is a really fucking good explanation 👏 👍
🙏👍
Very great video . Watching this video is very helpful .This Hero Black 7 GoPro is my next GoPro purchase selection . Thanks for showing the GoPro accessories to purchase too.👍🏻
Can some please assist why my GoPro keeps on showing a spanner on the front screen and stops recording. It says doing repair, but it keeps going through this process without recording. How do I fix this please....
just picked up the go pro 7, for a 5 year old camera, im very impressed, much better video quality then other brand new brands. Great video, straight to the point, thankyou!
A shame you don't answer questions.
Does everything that you show like the mounting brackets and the case come in the box?
I agree, I hope GoPro realises what an asset you are. Thank you, very professional 👏
You forgot to go over the FRONT LCD display. Yours has 00 and mine has 32. What are those for? Nevermind, found another video.
This app is no longer available. It’s different which is a bummer I can’t access it due to being on a really old phone. I really liked this video, it helped a lot navigating this thing. I just got my first GoPro, a rather old Hero 7 Black. Thanks
Thanks
Thank you so much it was helpful the video.
Excellent video
Is it water proof???
No release door for the battery, no latch.... Nothing....!!!
Thank you so much. Your video helps me a lot ❤
Why app I couldn’t find
Wow. Full of confusing info... probably because this dude wants you to buy his $24.00 booklet. You don't need the app!
☎ WHY Gopro does not make its own app for a smartphone?
I can't seem to find that perticular app in the store. I can't find the one with that same Icon. could you display a link to the correct app?
The Way Of Your Explanation Really So Satisfying n Meaningful Tqsm SIR 😇❤️
❤️❤️❤️
Thanks so much. Ordered your book.
I got this camera new. It set in the box a couple years. The app you show I cannot find in the app store. Can I use something else? Thank you.Never mind. Contacted GoPro support they said use Quik app.
The only thing i hate about my go pro 7 is that my battery dies so fucking fast…. Why is that? A bad battery?
Thank you so much, I learned so much about our gopro. This video is very helpful for first time gopro user like me.
This tutorial was wonderful!! Thank you very much!!
Congratulations amazingly video
Great video. I just use my phone. I do want to get a GoPro because I am always outdoors. Which one do you recommend for a Newbi GoPro user?
Very helpful
Can you turn OFF the front screen on the gopro hero 7 ? (completely)
Hi mate how many feet away does the go pro 7 work. And can i contect from my Samsung to the Bluetooth camera to see LIVE feed without WiFi  as I say no WiFi would be great if it works with just Bluetooth many thanks Chris
How come I can't find the gopro app in app store nor in playstore? Please help
They don’t have this app anymore, what do I do now?
Awesome video thank you
Thanks for your helping, I just bought it and need to learn how to use it,  thanks so much. I'm the newbie for making the video, lots of things from 0.....
I can’t find the app on my phone it only shows me the GoPro Quik video editor please help if you can I’m using an iPhone
Thank you for the video
I followed the instructions to the letter, and it didn't work.
i have a gopro hero 7 black.
GREAT VIDEO.   VERY HELPFUL!  BIG THANKS BRO!
This video was amazing. Thank you.
Great videp
Is it 4k?
Not tec minded in any stretch, but found your tutorial very helpful, thankyou for taken the time.
I need a replacement cable for charging - exactly which kind of USB cable should I order? Thank you!
I don’t see the GoPro app
Dude this was so helpful thank you so much. I’m thinking of getting a hero 7 but I’m unsure if I really want to buy one. I think you’ve persuaded me to buy one thanks again.🤣😀❤️
hoping to have this one someday 🙏
I still don’t understand how to connect the camera to the mount… like is there another part I need to buy?
Thank you your video was a great help Regards Steve UK 🇬🇧 London
1 hour 10minz wtf I was just about 2 by 1 to mix that ain't no good 1 hour 10 mins that's not even as long as a movie how are u menna vlog with this
Do your recommend your settings when  mounting to a motorcycle...eg...4 k and 60 fps
Thank you, thank you, thank you, amazing video well explained! Finally I will be able to use it and enjoy my Gopro 7😁
what would be the best settings for filming my kids little league games?
thank you very much
Superb instructional video.
This guy explains so well he made it so simple thank you very much.👊
Hi I’m just got a go pro and I can’t find the app,I have i iPhone seven does that make a difference?
What type sd card should you use with this camera
Thank you
These are the best basic instruction ever. Ill probably look at this video a few more times to keep in mind what you just showed us...Thanks
Hi could you tell me how to pause when i record
Thank you so much for sharing your video as I just bought my go pro 7 really useful information supplied and good tutorial for beginners to set up..
I need a camera to use as a dashcam for my car or when I cycle.  Does this camera have a "Loop Video Recording" mode, and can I save a short video clip of an incident if it  occurs?
couldn't find the gopro app you're showing is that because I have android?
The camera is waterproof without a protective case??
Thank you so much 😊
Thank you so much for this video, it really helped! I was wondering about taking my Hero7 to the pool, where the water is chlorinated. Is chlorine okay for these cameras? Thank you once again!
TYTYTY!!! I got a GoPro for Christmas and Your video made it so easy to get started. GREAT Job!!!
My hero 7 black just records 1 second and stops lol very frustrating
loveyou man! very informative
I realize this is an old video but a little follow up in the comments makes us feel more valuable to you.
hi will the file work in any software editor thanks for a brill video
Is Quik for Desktop still offered?
😍😍😍
What a great video. I just bought one, thank you for the help!
I'm guessing the gopro app is only for iphones
I like the detailed instruction very informative thanks
Thank you, Jordan!
Much grateful  for such an elaborate  yet simple and articulate  explanation of what seemed pretty complicated with apprenhensive narratives initially ! Thank you ..Man !
Thank you
why up to 125 GB??? you can put any size.
I’m having a hard time finding the GoPro app
This is a great tutorial.  Every moment has information.  I hate it when they go so slow and I'm just thinking…get to the good stuff.  Thanks!
How can I set up the app with my MacBook and iPhone.  I can't find it.
Thank you for the video. It was exactly what I was looking for.
Where did the GoPro app go?
🛩🏢🏢
can i use my normal phone usb and normal plug
I'm getting the "found your camera" screen. 6:14 but when I click the "Connect Camera" button, it won't connect.  It just says "We Can't Connect to Your GoPro" and "Something went wrong -- give it another shot".
Awesome video for someone like me…. Just starting out and Frist go round with a GoPro. Thank you for your time and effort , very helpful. Liked, commented and subbed.
Can I use the Hero 7 black on salt water?  If I'm recording a video and the battery dies, will it save the video? Or it will be deleted?
What is the recommended sd card for Hero 7 Black? Can I use 256gb?
I can’t find the app for some reason help please ?
FANTASTIC. YOU WERE ABSOLUTELY CLEAR WITH YOUR INSTRUCTION. AS A TEACHER I CAN SAY WITHOUT RESERVATION, YOU WERE VERY VERY INSTRUCTIVE. THANKS.
It’s awesome there’s no included link to the app or anything here and it’s like on the App Store it doesn’t exist anymore when I try to find it
Very helpful.. thanks for sharing
This is the best best video for operating gopro  for beginners
I cant see the go pro app in the app store
very useful video. great job man
Love the video very helpful. But I cannot seem to find the GoPro app.
This was very helpful
Bought the go pro 7 black. 1080 is more than good enough for all I need it to do. Does as much as more expensive cameras. Works best with separate (external) mic. Don't want or need bells and whistles.  When the content is what viewers want, the job is done.
Good video thanks but as a newbie to Gopro I have another question. I am going to start making cycling videos here in France. Basic stuff of POV as I pedal along but I also want to record me talking about my ride and other stuff like opinions of life in general. Does this camera record sound such as me talking? Obviously I will be quite close to the camera so distance should be no problem here. Also I see there are black/silver/white versions. Is that simply a colour difference or is it a spec change?
thank you for the video, i've owned the 7 for months and didn't know about the app or how cool it is! one thing of note: when connecting to the app, follow the directions to the T exactly as they prompt you..... at one point you must turn your phones wifi off then back on as the camera re-boots... i think the problems most folks are having are caused by people that don't follow the directions exactly and shortcut certain steps, then it doesn't end up working how it should. I've also found that sometimes the video is glitchy on the screen of my phone, i've found re-starting the app and cycling the camera off/on fixes that. the remote control feature of the app is one thing that's severely understated, being able to change all the settings from the larger phone screen definitely makes camera setup much easier, along with being able to start/stop and being able to monitor your own video as it's being recorded. also being able to take pictures using your phone to control the camera makes family photos so much better than trying to use a count-down timer.
Excellent job- thanks for sharing
Hey Jordan, great tutorial ... it's 2021 now and I just bought the 7 (I know, the 8, 9 & Max are out, but this is all I need) ... However, on my iPhone app store I cannot find ANY GoPro apps ... do you have any idea why?   I have searched and re-searched.  GoPro has a support hub, but doesn't mention this app ... so many changes ... apples to apples isn't happening anymore.  Any insight?
I can not find the app anywhere
Thank you for the good video..I am just a beginner so I ordered your book to help me..
Hello Jordan, I am in market for purchasing a GoPro. Considering current portfolio, should I go with Hero9 or a Hero 7 will be enough? Beginner in photography. 😇 Main use will be while riding bike and capturing football matches. 🏍️⚽ PS: love your content. Very subtle and easy to understand.
When you say 'uhs' does it have to be that exact one or can i get any 128gb ?
Can you tell me why my GoPro 7 Hero Black no longer beeps or plays audio. I get audio when I transfer the vids to my PC but not from my GoPro? Thank you!
Thank you for these awesome video, it looks simple to operate these lil camera, but need more info in operating so I got ur book on kindle!
I didn't see  logo  GoPro you use on app .
I saw everything except that one go pro app you found
For my first go pro would you recommend the 7 or 8
Good  review
Thank you  for sharing your Go pro camera nice how to use
Okay that GoPro app you're showing isn't in the app store on my phone. What do I do now?
THANK U , YOU TEACH WELL
What's the app called
Thanks for the lesson on how to insert an SD card. Lucky, because I might have stuck it up my nose or something.
Thanks for the info! So very helpful!
Very good tips.
Thank you very much for guiding me enjoying my just bought "7 Black".  I am going to order your book right away.🙏🏽
Thank you for informative and Gopro tutorial👍👍👍🙏🇯🇵
This is the best tutorial I have yet seen.  Very simple and to the point.  Detailed enough for anyone to follow.  Thank you for this video.  I’ve watched it twice so far.
Does anyone know where to get that cord at 3:30? I am not sure if mine didn't come with it and I'm assuming that the cord you use to transfer clips to computers?
Thx for this 🎼
Hello Jordan, boy am I glad I found you.  You did an amazing job explaining everything and I'm so grateful.  I have a couple question for you if you don't mind, even though I believe I'll order your book.  If I only wanted to use my iMac for uploading video content, and use Quik to Edit, is it easy from there to upload onto YouTube?  One one other thing, I don't believe my old computer and use the 4K.  Is the hero 7 a good camera as well, or the black far better?  Thank you again.  I'll watch this video again for sure.  Grateful for all this.  Brad
I can’t shut the door and I’m doing exactly what you said to do
What's the difference between wide and lenar mode? and which is better for regular filming, rookie here.
I never like or leave comments for videos, but this absolutely deserves BOTH!! Thank you 1,000 times for all this info.
Thanks Jordan!
Thanks man 🔥
Thanks, Jordan!  After seeing this video: (a) I'm very impressed by all the features I didn't know about contained in my new Hero 7 (just out of the box minutes ago), and (b) I'm very impressed by how lost I'd be without your video!  Great job!  I'm sure I'll be back again to take notes!
Great video, I just picked this up today. The app seems to have evolved a bit. I purchased the 9 and it was way overkill for what I needed. Thanks again
My 7 did none of that . Cam icon was on my right  as to your left . I had this camera  for 2 years and still Can’t use it . Nothing makes sense to me .
Hey Jordan, your GoPro 7 black paperback is out of stock. Is it still possible to buy the paperback instead of the digital one.  Keep up the amazing work mate 👍🏻
Thank you sir new subs!
Jordan, thanks for an extremely helpful tutorial. I was lost with my hero 7 until now. Btw, you sound just like  “TwoWheelCruise” the cycling vlogger. Same intonation, inflection and cadence in your speech. Almost an exact match.
thank you. I just recieved my first go pro and wanted to put my go pro to all the adventures i'm pretty active in. After watching a few videos your video is the one that helped the most. Even from the unboxing (THANK YOU). keep it up!  Def have a few likes and subscription from me!  I really enjoy your tutorials. Crisp and clear explaining everything
How do you call the case that comes with it
WOW.........great video I just picked one of these up (I know I’m a lil late in the game) first GoPro and this was sooooooo helpful thank you
Jordan this video is great and I found it very useful...Thank You! Have a question though...I was wondering what cord you use with your bite mount and float? It looks functional and I need one for when I'm surfing with the bite mount I just bought.
Also THANK YOU SO MUCH for telling us what the Micro SD symbol was for. I saw it at first and I was like, what does that mean
just bought my first go pro after using cheap chinese ones .So far the functions and connectivity is seamless i can see why it's worth the money
Great videos Jordan.  Which video editing do you recommend for a beginner with Hero Black 7 camera.   Is editing included in your book?   Thx, Kelvin
What is “ time lapse” ?
Thank for your information🤔👍
My screen on the back won’t turn on when I turn it on do any of you guys now why?
Awesome Video instructions
Dude great job man love the explanation of the camera Jesus bless you
Great video 😀
I want connect my gopro hero 6 with Smart TV -wirelessly ,can i do that .pls advise
Getting one in an hour cause its christmas and its 7:10 in the morning when this comment was made
So helpful for an idiot like me! Thankyou! 👌👍
Bruhhhh you're a legend. I almost spent 80$ on all sorts of accessories I didn't need...the first step. I'm embarrassed 🤣
Okay, I take it the HERO 7 White is different because I don't have the same door yours showed.
Thanks for sharing very informative.
Thanks for your lesson, Gopro Hero7 Black  Hero 5 6 7 8 9
Shame you didn't show connection with an android phone....apparently it can be somewhat difficult to get them to connect! I really wish people stopped assuming that EVERYONE has an Iphone!
Very good review, now im planning to buy go pro 7 also
OMG this was incredible! Too bad I didn't think to look this up until after I ripped the box open. THANK YOU!
I found this post helpful!  Thanks.  This is my first Gopro since the Original Hero came out.  Bought it used, does it normally get hot or very warm while charging?  Perhaps I should just replace the battery and get several?  Using the GoPro app does not find my camera which is why I'm looking for tips on how to use my camera.
merci beaucoup pour la leçon bien utile.
Would this be good go pro to record my hunting
Is it better to charge the battery while in the charger or while it’s in the camera?
great video. thank you
Is it waterproof in saltwater
believe it or not i cant find the Gopro app on my ifone....anyone knows an alternative pls? I search for gopro it doesnt come it doesnt show, i found the app called 'quick..' but not the main app..
u narrate at the right speed , the best on u tube straight to the point, unbelievably efficient, thx
Yahoo! I know how to power my GoPro off now🤗
Very well explained, especially for first time users. Thanks. You have impressed me, I might buy your book.
thanks Jordan
good trip,,, thank you
Mine sucks in low light.  I have a fairly lit room with a ring light and it is so dark you can't see anything.
No one ever mentions that when using the gopro 7 as a dash cam that when it get hot being that it on the window of the car  the gopro7 tell you that its too hot and then turns Itself off
Great video. I appreciate receiving an overview on how to get started!
Watching this because I just got one last night because I want to make some exploration videos so this is super helpful
@3:44.  How to attach the door after it is removed.  Looks impossible.
Thanks
awesome ! 😍
Mines in picture mode I’m so confused how to get it out of that! And it’s not recording.
Thank you very well explained.
Great job with being straight forward & getting to the point with good information. very helpful tutorial
Thank you, Jordan!
Thank you. This is wonderful. I love it. I wish I found it sooner.
Everytime I go to update(brand new unit)  it disconnects my WiFi then says it it can't connect.  I've turned both off 2xs and still the same thing.
Thank you!
l have a gopro its so cool its a gopro 7 black and pls like this goodbye
Just got my GP7 from Amazon today. Just watched your awesome video. Just ordered a copy of your book. Great stuff. Thanks for making this so easy to follow.
I hate this camera....WTF!!!!!!!!!!
So if I put the mount on my bike helmet then decided to ride 30 min later is it gonna fall off?
Thanks that helped a bit. Camera doesn't respond to some of your instructions. Why doesn't it come with a user manual?
A  very helpful video.  Thank you!
Thank you! I just got a gopro today and this helped lots.
Jordan going on a 6 day motorcycle trip with my first GoPro 7 Black what size sd card do you recommend an how many
Thank you for the educational info!! I agree, GoPro better sponsor you! Excited to use my new 7, i used to have a first generation when you used to have to buy the screen separate to see what you were even shooting.. so im stoked on this one.
Great video, thanks.
I learned a lot thank you so much
Jordan: to get started: Give instructions on how to remove the fu*&in parrot. Took me an hour to figure out.
my question is did you use a gro pro to record go pro footage?
Hi is it able to chang the video option from wide to linear?
Thanks for sharing sir, watching from mindanao Philippines
Thanks so much for this video!!
I know this is a two-year old video, but thank you very much for it. I just got the GoPro Hero 7 and it's my first GoPro. This video has been incredibly helpful with setting everything up. Thank you again.
Mine hasn’t even turned on yet.  Just put the battery in and charging it now
3:54
This was extremely helpful. Just ordered your book. Thanks!
Thanks. Very helpful tutorial.
Prefect explanation
I thought the hero 5 could tilt and the screen whould flip to
can you use my hero 7 outside while its raining?
I'm a new user... my wife just got me my first GoPro your video is the best video in Youtube You literally answer all the questions i have. Thank you for all the effort you put in this video.
I purchased my GoPro 7 in May and its still formatting, why does nobody talk about formatting problems.. I put the camera back in the box.. Feeling totally ripped off, GoPro will not acknowledge me they are hiding behind Covid 19
What if my camera was in the sun for too long and works but the screen doesn’t show? I hear the camera turn on voice and
That was very helpful, thank you so much. You are straight to the point, precise and accurate. Many thanks !
Great Work Man!
Easy to understand, especially to a GoPro Newbie! Thank you for the information
Is it normal for it to get hot ?
Your a life saver, just bought my first GOPRO and you save me with this demonstration video. Thanks alot👍
thank u very much sir
wait is the battery rechargeable or not cause otherwise it would be expensive to replace them all the time
Thank you for the awesome tutorial!
Great video. You definitely put alot of time and effort into this. I used your video for settling mine up. One question though is it normal for the front part of the camera too get hot during setup? I noticed it getting pretty hot in just that 30 minutes of tinkering with it. Thank you
Absolutely brilliant! Thank you <3
Nice bro superb
Great video just brought one can’t wait to make a lot of fun adventure videos.
A brilliant video; very helpful for this first gopro user. Thank you
Thanks! Great tutorial.
4:11
Fab tutorial. Thanks, just bought my kit for motorcycle filming
Thank you and appriciate for detail and very helpfull tutorial
Thank you, just got my 7 black today.
Hi, is it normal that the battery door feels a bit over after you put in the battery and close it? like the battery is pushing it out and you can feel it with the fingers?
Sorry if its a stupid question but do you charge the camera with the memory card in or do you remove it first ? thanks    great video !!
I Have A Question Jordan, Should I Update a NEW Gopro Hero 7 I got from Amazon? Suppose It Turns out to Be a Bad/Damaged Camera  after I Update It, and I Have To Return It, Even Tho, I Have registered the serial number to my gopro account? You Think It would be ok? Also Do I Need to format the micro card *before* I Install the update to it? Or Can I Just Reformat the micro card after the update is installed to the gopro hero 7 black?
Great video!!! Awesome job so helpful
I just purchased the gopro hero 7 black, but I do not use a smart phone. Can I do things with my camera from a computer?
Love your work 👍👍
Excellent information and presented very well. Looking forward to using my new go pro hero 7 camera for my you tube channel. I am also ordering your book. I am new to cameras and technology. You have instilled confidence in me to go forward with this. Thank you so much.
Great video, I am new to the GoPro world and really appreciate the effort you have put in to try and help others. Liked, saved, and Sub'd. Thanks!!
Thanks for the visual explanations...for those of us who are technically challenged :))
Mine won’t turn on
I'm very impressed with the review very good job 👏 🛶
Your voice sounds like Lance stroll haha
Thank you for easy tutorial. Appreciate it👌
It's  2020 now how can we buy your book. We can't  find it. We just purchased two black 7.
I just have one question....who the hell would dislike a tutorial video like this one?! Why!??
Very  useful  information  thank  you
Got me started PLUS some!  Thanks!
Wow you are a legend, they should send this video when you purchase a GoPro much more helpful than the user guide they provide, a thousand thank you’s to you
Thanks for the video, I'm a new Gopro 7 user and it was very helpful!
Great tutorial !!!! Keep the good work !!!!
Hey Jordan what would you recommend video settings for just everyday videoing and still have hypersmooth? Thanks Backcountry
What a great video!  And the book is awesome as well.  Thank you Jordan!
Just curious about that stick on mount? Will it come off because I was going to stick or  on my scuba face mask and i  would not notice if it came off will snokling.
Great job!!!
Thank you so much! I laughed because I realized you "started" recording and my GP turned on for like 5 minutes before I noticed.
This video was so helpful 10/10, For some reason, his voice helped me relax thru this whole process
Nice camera gopro.. Perfect
Can we use an external batteries
hi can any one tell me why my battrey on gopro 7 black went dead over night after it ad 80% on then i turned it off before bed got up in morrning and not left on battery thanks steven
Do you need an SD Card to stream?
Finally, someone who translate those hard to understand directions.
Thanks for the great setup videos you do! Your videos are a go to for me! 😊👍👍👍
This was very helpful.ThankYou
Thank you for your great tutorial, you made it so easy to learn.
Excellent training video!
hi, iam looking for one Button Mode :-/  i dont find it :-/
Jordan Hetrick, thank you for the video.  Great tips, I am new to GoPros in general, and I will be using it to MotoVlog. I was never fond of dipping devices under water, for my peace and mind you have made it easier for me to trust the device will be safe under water. Thanks alot.
Y this cam too heat😰😰
I really wish it came with an SD i can't even use it i gotta go back and buy one
Just got my GoPro Hero7black today and im so nervous co'z i dont know how to really use it 😀 but with your help i feel fine now😘😘😘 thank you And God bless you.
Very helpful and informative!
Great tutorial! Thank you so much!
Hi... my mom bought this for me can you teach me how to pause on video so I ca continues video in. And how to adding or editing video.
In setting up do i need to open the Bluetooth?
What a fantastic video... Really appreciate you doing that
thanks for sharing this video,its good info before i want buy this go pro
I’d like to get your book on the GoPro 7, but the delivery time on amazon is 4-8 weeks....that’s not worth $25.00 due to the wait.  This virus has everything screwed up.
Can I get a memory card that's 228G from the same brand..?
My Hero7 Black has the Covid 19 virus...............Ha....Ha  The Audio is out of sync just using the internal mic.
Great tutorial! Thanks
so if I purchase this from my computer can I still read it and view it from my Iphone and my Ipad with only one purchase??
Thank you so much for this very informative video.
Thanks friend
Make a short video of 30 seconds of how to record with the go pro/what buttons to press. - But everybody knows. No, not everybody knows. Make this video and you'll have 100.000.000 views.
Very informative video thank you
Does the gopro app no longer exist? I just got my hero7 black today and can't find the app, only 1 called Quik
Can i connect Go pro hero 7 to android I dont know if can connect it
I have a Apple iPhone that downloading the app in not compatible. Can I do it via my laptop? anyone?
awesome toutorials
just ordered my hero 7 black, great video. so excited!!
When I swap to 4K, I cannot choose 60fps?
Just bought a 7 Black and this video is great. Thanks!
Very well done & Thankyou
Thank you
Just bought a used one off ebay! So excited 😁 but no manual with it. Thanks for making this tutorial! Helped a bunch!!
Thank you so much! This is such a big help for me as a beginner.
Thanks,  just bought your book.
Nice review but why each time when i power on gopro 7 it goes into photo mode
Thank you!
My android do not have that app?
I try to download the GoPro App in the appstore but it does not even show it.There only appears the Quik app Why this happen? Please help!
Hello I have a  question does the GoPro 7 Black come with a user manual? I've seen them come with a user manual to learn how to use the product that why huge thank you for putting the beginners guide huge thank you. But no manual in mine :(
You hit it out of the park with this intro video!  Clap Clap Clap!
Can anyone tell me if you should pull the black tab out of the battery?
You suggest I download app to my phone? It won't load, Message says not compatible or words to that effect. I tried my NEW Samsung Tab A. Nope. It is not compatible. So Gopro app will cost me xx bucks more to buy an new phone or tablet. I hate the whole "app" nonsense. If you sell a product there should not be hidden costs.
i love this tutorial it´s very good
Wish to have that one mate...
This guy is a legend, he obviously is an experienced surfer 🏄.   Thanks for this perfect guide!
Thanks and this is very helpful to set up gopro
OMG Thank you
Nice explanation
Great video! Any idea how to attach this camera to a cycle to record daily commuting? How good is the audio on the camera can I attach an external mic?
Thanks for the video guide. Can't wait to make my first video on my hero7 so exited.
sooo i just bought my lovely hero 7 black and guess what , no hypersmoothin on 4k 60 fps only on 2,7k and 1080 am i blind or dumb or did i just get scammed by a international company ? also , videos on the gopro app look awfull so... wtf did i just buy ?
Thank You, Very Helpful !
Thank you for taking out the guesswork and making this stress free!! :)))
I just bought the goproblack7 and your book.   I have tried to download go pro studio with no luck.  Go pro says it is no longer available.   Can you recommend another app?
Excellent job on the tutorial. I purchased your Hero7 book last year. Awesome guide. Thanks Jordan. 🤙
Thanks but I’ll never figure out how to do all of that. If I just get some of it I’ll be okay.
3:35 The GoPro frame has an unnecessary opening over the side door with the USB port. That area of the frame should be solid.
Thanks for the info. I just bough a HERO 7 .I have 2 older 3+ Go Pros and this 7 blk is pretty good.I hope to capture high speed machinery working.
Great job sir!
Thank you.Your video is a life saver! 🙏💕 Love from India
For some reason my GoPro hero 7 black wouldn’t let me play the video I record, it only play the first 2 second and the sound started playing, after that my GoPro froze
This is very helpful. I just got my gogro 7. But i couldn't find that gopro app the same what you have. Help me please
Do you use 4K  60 or 30, I want to just shoot car shows
This is a very good video. Thank you. I need to get your book for sure! Question: when charging my GoPro 7 Black, three solid red lights are on. The battery is charging, but there is more than the one blinking red light. Is something wrong?
What SD card do you use every time I record it pauses during the video I got the extreme 128 card and still does the same been trying just to record at 1080 60 fps
nice tutorial
This was an amazing video. Thank you so much 🙏🏾💯
Its to late but i want Go pro 7 than GO pro 8..
Awesome Video.
I'm glad videos like this exist because there doesn't appear to be any instructions in the box.
my brother got gopro 7 silver and wanted to ask if there is any way of turning on the screen while recording , it turns off after view seconds when u start recording. thnx
Thank you  Love this camera just got mine for my channel last night . Upgrade from my silver 7
Very good.Just wished I had seen your video a day early
Too bad the gopro app is apparently only compatible with i phones. What a pos design. Ive tried to download the gopro app on 3 different devices and it was not compatible with any of them. Very frustrated. Ready to give up on the "gopro"
The best tutorial I have ever watched! Thank you so much for putting so much time to this to explain in it in such details! It’s much appreciated
4K 60 wont work on me only 4K 30 can you please help me?
I just ordered your book because of your video
I have the same GoPro but it doesn’t have a door for the memory card as ur showing
I was completely lost until watching this video, the info book that came with the camera, the print was so small I could't read it, and it's much different than my old hero3..so really thank you for this video!..take care..
I just bought the hero 7 white  and the 7 black  still learning about both
I am looking to upgrade my equipment for YT videos & was considering this Go PRO. Your video is very helpful. More so than the salesperson I spoke to. For one I did not know you need a cell for to get the app. Yes I am one of the 3 in the US that does not have a cell. Been almost 12 years. Thank you for this information & if I do get the Go Pro I will have to get your book. Stay well, Joe Z
Can I do home videos with this camera?  Videos for YouTube?
You really suck up the information because of the calming background music
Helpful video!  Thank you
I loved this tutorial! I recently bought a Go Pro Hero 7 Black. Greetings from Peru :D
Why doesn't my GoPro let me use 4k 60 FPS?
Not able to get 4K / 60. Says 60 fps. supported @ 27k & 1440.
I still don't have 4k 60fps even after the update what do I do?
I have no idea what to do alot of items that are supposed to be here are missing and I am really frustrated
Do you have any idea on how I can keep my GoPro hero 7 screen from dimming out after a minute
I loved this totorial its just that Im a really small youtuber and im scared ill purchase the camara and then no one will watch me:(
Hi. I just got a GoPro 7 black for Christmas. When installing the new sd card it Camera showed a message I needed to format the card so I did. Even after formatting I get an as error. I tried reformatting again and once touching format card icon formatting comes on the screen and never stops. What could be the problem and fix. The card is a scan disk 32 gig. Brand new.
thank you so much!! very useful video
I got my first gopro today and started watching your video of how to unbox it while I was unboxing it to make sure I was unboxing it the right way because I didn't want to brake it so thanks for the vid
Thanks for teching me how to work my go pro
All tutorials should be like this. Good work!
this is SO helpful-definitely he deserves more appreciation
Mine only came with a 32gb micro sd card. Should i purchase a 128 gb mircro sd card? is it worth it?
I love you thank you
Absolutely brilliant. Thank you!
Did he use a GoPro to make his GoPro video?
This is a very helpful video.
Hello Sir , If u giveup your GoPro hero cam Please remember me Sir....
I was going to purchase this but it said on the box " camera made for iPhones" but i have an Android. Could i still buy a GoPro 7?
Thank u
why do you want to turn gps on?
why do you want to turn gps on?
When I got this same GoPro I was doing everything wrong and I could’ve broke it.  Thank goodness I saw this video. Like this vid guys like why not.
Thanks for taking time to make this video. it helps👍👍
I failed miserably to connect the camera with my phone. When I record video It plays in super fast speed couldn't figured out hot to play it back in normal speed. Plus the battery is so hard to remove out the camera it almost rips the small strap that comes with. Ready to return it back to the store. The previous hero 5 camera failed after 1 year it doesn't save the files completely only potion of it. What a horrible lousy product
Great review and tutorial. Thank you so much, Sr!
Ican`t download the gopro app my phon is huawei y6 2018 i hope that you can respond to mee
Excellent video! 😊
You say "You can pull up your media". How??? You fly so fast I can not follow what you are doing.
Just receive my gopro today and yes, i open the box and dont know what to do haha. Luckily i found ur review in youtube, thank you so much!
Found a good used hero 7! Hope it works as well as my hero 6!
Thank you so much  indeed this is very helpful planning to bye but I don't know how to use. But it's because of your good tutorial  I wanna buy
This is very helpful for me very clear tutorial
Dude, I don't even know how to charge it!! where the hell is the plug in site
Thank you very much for you Inf.
Subscribed instantly! Thank you Sir
Good job dear ,,,
:) Thanks for this video from 2019 :D
Great video for someone considering purchasing one of these. So many comments on Costco’s site about overheating, battery life and freezing up. Are these issues because of the way their cameras are setup? Would like to know before I pull the trigger on a purchase.
Hi I just subscribed! Can you / do you advise in any of your videos on using this for head mounted INDOOR use???🔥🇮🇪🙏🙏🙏🦋👍🦉 DearMudzArt
Very informative !!
What do you do when your gopro doesn't charge
Glad we didnt pull the tab out 😨😂😂
This helped me
Thanks for this vid, Ive been thinking about buying this model.  Question- when you are live viewing on your cell phone, how far away can the phone be from the camera and still watch? I was going to use this for motorcycle racing and want to know if my pit man can watch this, while Im out riding, possibly 1 mile away? Thanks again
what settings do u use for shooting waves or just diving
Thank you for the information but would have liked you to go slower as I had to stop the video many times to understand what you were doing.
This is possibly the very best instructional YouTube video I have ever seen, clear images, clear speech and from someone who really knows his stuff! And it didn’t start with “What’s up guys” Brilliant stuff, thank you
When you swap your batteries out or remove them, will it lose your date and time settings???
thanks because I got a GoPro YESTERDAY👍🏻
Can you tell us if the GoPro telemetrics work outside of USA. We are going to Europe and we may dont have data service/cell phone - how will this camera connect to the satellite if we dont have data service? Thanks in advance.
Would I be able to save videos from the go pro app in 4K if I have an iPhone 6s?
Thank you so much.  I appreciate that you explain things so well!
Quick question I had my frames at 120 I play my footage on a laptop o go to play the footage and it glitches. My resolution is 1080
Excellent script, nice graphics. Awesome work. Hired!
the app is not compatable with my android, are there any other apps that will work with android 10 ?
So helpful this is what i was looking for
Thank you for putting this tutorial together. We will be coming back to it several times, as we learn this camera!
Nice
Thank u !
Great video, very, very helpful. Thanks :)
Thanks for this tutorial, I jist got my go pro and I have not use it since my item didn't come with SD card and also my phone was not compatible to my camera.😔 so I have to see if I can get a new phone since it didn't work to my motorola.
I dont even have a gopro
Thank you 🙏 I was frustrated with the black pro 7 , That’s what happens when you don’t have knowledge, So Now I’m receiving knowledge, so I will continue to watch all your channels, thank you for investing your time, I mean I know this is YouTube, I understand viewers and subscribers,  and P.R And I know people make money on YouTube, the still thank you, I’m learning a lot. It’s so far I like you are the best, Explain very well, you know what they say, school is always in, if we open ourselves up, There’s always something to learn. 👊🏾 will be seeing 👀 again and again. 😘👩🏾‍🦲
Nice presentation
Thank you so much for your help. Wonderful instructions.  :)
10:03 who else thought that he was in a chopper
Wow love it...tnx for this vids.
Thank you
Can I use gopro deep under water? If yes, what are those precautions I should take for a better life of the gadget.Thanks
Thanks for being so helpful and efficient. I hope lots of people buy your book. If I buy this camera I will get your book.
Thanks for being so helpful and efficient. I hope lots of people buy your book. If I buy this camera I will get your book.
Thank you very much for taking the time to put this together.  Very helpful.
Thank you for revealing that swipe up is how to find my videos on the camera itself 🥳
I can't find the GoPro app in my playstore...:( Has someone a clue on how to get the app?
Really appreciate this video.
bluetooth is not finding my camera. And the camera's screen wont swipe down to the settings options.
This is very informative- bought the camera recently to film dance class videos
Hi how do you change the GoPro from kph to mph ? Can you help me please
Hi! For transfer the videos from Gopro 7 black, to PC my Gopro doesn't work with the original cable WHICH I received in the package, BUT it works with the cable from the Gopro charger:), WORK EVERY TIME! And it doesn't matter if gopro is on or not, but I think it is safer to connect the cable when it is stopped. When disconnected you must stop the Gopro, I don't have the safe eject option! I hope I was helpful!
Dear,       This is one of the best and/or the best/complete video out there for new users. I should see this one first. My respect and appreciated your time!! 👍
When you said " You pull up the media" You tapped on the screen, and the recording you just maid was displayed. I can't do it. I don't know how you "pulled up the media". That is exactly what I wanted to learn. But you just did it, with no explanation.
Helped me a lot
I did not see the gopro app in PlayStore. Pls help
Hello, and thank you for this amazing tutorial.  I’m not the richest guy, but I still want to get myself a GOPRO. Do you think I should buy this now or wait until Christmas when the HERO 8 comes out (which will be more expensive and I’ll need to save money for)?
I bought this camera and had no idea where to even start. This was extremely helpful, thank you so much!!
when first open box .. always watch again again to how remove the box and how to charge .. thank u your video
thank for info.. bcoz i dont how to use my go pro
nahirapan ako mag bukas ..
What about if I don't have a smart/cell phone? Is that why my onscreen playback feature doesn't work? Thanks for the video, there is nothing with the camera for learning.
This is by far the most practical camera someone like myself could've bought. It suits all my needs.
Thank you..So very helpful..
I know this one wasn’t mentioned. If the camera is off, depressing the shutter button will cause it to turn on and immediately start recording. I just got my replacement back yesterday. I made sure it was off and when I tried it the day the battery was dead. Are you supposed to remove the battery if not used overnight.
how long is the clip length for the videos?
Maybe I missed it but how do you tell when the camera is actually recording?  If you accidentally turn off when recording will it damage the camera or corrupt the file?
I hope Go Pro paid you. What a great tutorial, I just got one and felt a bit overwhelmed but not so much any more with your help
Wow thank you for all your tips.i just bought my go pro 7 black today and I'm going to fallow your tips how to get started.thanks a lot
How do you transfer the videos from GoPro to Android phone?
i just bought this Hero7 Black Today and watching this video while I'm waiting for the battery to get full up.
This in my second GoPro and the video quality is amazing, but I will never buy another GoPro simply because the taking water easily, damaged.
Thank you Bro for sharing video ...someday I buy this GoPro 7...it’s nice for vloging...
How about vedio transfer in phone?
Thanks for th video.  No where did I see about lifting the locking tab to get it back onto a mount.  Thumbs up.
Superb tutorial...very helpful for beginners...thumbs up !
WTF! Wow 421 thumbs down, can’t please some people
Thanks for a perfect video on GP7HB 👍🏻 Bought one yesterday and found it gets heat up quickly. Can I use this underwater without any cover or need some specific cover
The GoPro App you recommended is not in my Play Store. There are many, many other choices though. What do you recommend now?
Thanks for this video.  I just ordered your book today.
How to paws
2:51 to 2:56 yeah ftr..., brand new out of the box, it ISN'T that easy to slide that door open.  I have to press the button in with one hand's finger, and use another's index finger nail to slide it open and it doesn't slide easily...at least.not yet.
Very informative and detailed. Thank you. I like the way you make your videos.
can you import the pictures to your laptop with out the Quik for desktop?
Top training film, so much easy to understand detail, 😊
This camera or nikon d5300 plz help me y'all
Great video
Best review and thanks for walking me through!
This was clear to follow, with a concise economy of words and a humble disposition - everything I needed to get started. Thank you!!!
Thanks for sharing. It's a great video on how to use Gopro Hero 7.
hi Jordan.  Just bought your book and enjoyed it at lot.  Can you tell me what you would do to shoot a video of a new car at an auto show.  I'm in Frankfurt for the unveiling of a new Porsche.  Thanks, James
I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 Active . I have the app for GoPro but it didn't have that camera icon in the top left . Anyway I found a way in the settings to connect a GoPro . My Hero 7 is on I tapped the blue button to have the phone search for a camera but it couldn't find one . There was a prompt on the app to look for the app icon on the screen of my GoPro . Didn't see one and can't find it . Starting to get a little frustrated with this 500 dollar thing . Oh my phone did have a request when I hit the GoPro app , it asked to allow GoPro to have access to photos videos and files . I declined . Why do they put files in that request . More information grabbing and another way to be hacked .       The camera also won't let me go into 4K mode , it says I have to have a compatible device . How does it know about my device if the app says there are no cameras that it recognizes ? Any advice would help .
this was an awesome set up and review video!  thank you
very helpful. thank you po!
THEY SHOULD GIVE UR BOOK WITH CAMERA PURCHASE
CAN U DO ANOTHER VID AND TELL US HOW TO USE GOPRO HERO  7 BLACK WITH NO CELL PHONE AND JUST COMPUTER?
Really get a lot out of your videos. Thanks. Do you have a video covering the streaming? Actually one of the reasons I upgraded from 5 to 7 Black, but was disappointed that you still needed an external device to start the stream. Am I missing something?
Thank you for your patient explaining. It really helps me when I get my new Go Pro 7.
Thanks m8
Wait, can you run the GoPro7 directly off an external power bank? I'm doing time-lapse video over several hours at each session and need steady power over that complete time. Will the power bank also charge up the GoPro7 battery if the camera is switched off? How about if the camera is switched on? My GoPro7 camera gets noticeably warm when it is on. Is that typical?
Thank you so much for helping me I just got GoPro today didn’t know how get started with it 🙌here I go traveling for living
Great video Jordan!  Very articulate, no stumbling on your words. Very clear concise instructions. Will be expanding my skills with your book! Just bought mine on Friday. Can't wait to hit the bike trails in Santa Cruz Mountains tomorrow with it!
Is there a Gro Pro app for android?, yes the have Quik but thats not doing any firmware updates for the camera.
I am only nine but i have one
Glad I found your channel , do you have a book for the Hero 7 silver?
That was a very informative video - thank you.  My first Go Pro arrives tomorrow , so I have just bought your book also, and will enjoy reading that
Wow great video. Thank you!
You really are a star. Thank you!
Should I not use more than a 128GB sd card? I got a 400gb sd card.
Gopro hero 7 Black Can NOT Records ind 4k only i 2,7k
Great video
Thanks you 👍👍👍
buying your book this is my first GoPro and love it so far.  why does my videos in low light light looks like its flickering?  is there a fix? hopefully its not the camera .
Jordan,  this is such an Awesome video, thank you for sharing, will most definitely purchase your book this weekend...thanks again...
I know you said you have the book available but do you have it available in audio book or cd because I learn better that way Thanks
Just days before i am gonna buy one u saw dis tutorials... Its worth watching 😍
Where does the larger memory card go. I see that the smaller one goes in the battery compartment.
This was so helpful! Thanks bro, great vid!!
Thank you RESPECT EVERYTIME
Is it still having freezing issues?
Amazing tutorial keep it up
brilliant video ,  just bought one ,   thanks for all the info.
Will the app work on any android smartphone or will it be an issue?
Just wish the battery charger a bit quicker and lasted longer! Thanks for this video
Such a concise detailed video.  Thanks!  I thought I was going to have to tote the box around till I found your video.  Perfect for hi tech users such as my three year old grandson (lol) and newbies like myself :)  Most definitely gonna get your book.
Thanks, I’m swaying to the Go Pro from the Sony👍🏼
Thank you just bought the Hero 7 and this video is the only one I watched!
I like how he goes into so much detail
Thanks so much I have a GoPro so this was really helpful
great
Thanks for making this vid dude 👍
I first reviewed your recommendations then today I used a GoPro for the first time for an adventure hike for future posting to my Outdoor channel.  Now I've just got to figure out how to produce the footage?
The video is great brothers.. no words..  you're awsome buddy.
if I would use a usb charge with difference volltage then you mentioned, would it brake the battery or what would happen?
Very helpful! Thank You!
Thank you! Very helpful video.
wow nice job on the video i just picked  up the hero 7,  i can't wait to start using it.
389 people just don't have patience, nor do they take pic's/vid's   Great Video Brother!
Great Vid,,,,Can you continue to video during the "vertical" turn of the camera? Or, Do you have to stop the video between horizontal then Vertical?
Thanks.
I can’t feel the edge of the turtle sticker to take it off lol.  I’ll be back.
how do you close the latch after putting the battery in?
Good morning mate I really enjoyed learning from your vid mate, I found your vid easy to follow, quick and straight to the point. Best 'how to guide' I've found so far on YouTube. I am a future fan and I've now Sub'ed your channel, can't wait to learn more and start using my new GoPro, thanks heaps.
very useful for new beginners like me who just starting using GoPro 7 black......hats off to you man
I opened my gopro and my god I had no clue about what to do! Thank you very much for this video. I'm also looking forward to buy your book on Amazon.
SCUBA with waterproof case: my 7 black freezes even with Samsung Evo Select. Spoke with Customer service and seems 4k data rate gets the camera hot and shuts down, although they would not specifically state this to be true. (only with scuba case ) 4k open land is good. Hyper smooth is awesome.
2:04 is so difficult for me to do. I almost don’t want to put the camera back in the frame.
This is a great guide. Thanks so much!
My firt video in youtube for long time was very helpfull Mate 🙏🏻😊
This video is so helpful. Thanks man❤️
senators should be like u..!
Beautifully done 👍🏼
great presentation indeed. thank you
Literally opened my new GoPro along with watching your video! Thanks so much, it's my first GoPro and I"m looking forward to using it in the future with my YouTube channel. Keep up the good work!
Wow!! So many thanks !! I was clueless about my go pro 7 , really helped me !!
I learned how to use buckle.. I had no clue how to mount it... thanks...
How are you enjoying the freezing?
Thank you so so much! My mom bought the go pro for a trip and I’m only 12 and did it all by myself! So that means your really good at explaining 😂 thank you for helping me and other! 💜
Not opening my gopro 7 mail box  but watch this video first, very helpful,thank you.
Very helpful review. Keep it up
Best tutorial in YouTube. Greetings from Greece!!
Can you do the how to start on hero 7 white
What’s the difference between the black and white?
Can u zoom in while recording?
I admit, I couldn’t figure out the pictorial card and never would have got the camera out of the case without this video. Much less all the other stuff I learned in 20 minutes. Thanks
This is the best HERO 7 black tutorial I have seen so far
Thank you sm!
Great video
Is it possible for this to take 256GB, 400GB or 512GB micro sd cards?
Great video, but with one big omission! No mention of formatting memory card??
I’m looking GoPro hero 7 black and how much now?
Man you’re amazing, love you ❤️
Looked all over for a video that was in depth opening, Only one! Flipping Awesome! Thank you!!<3
Oh, Thank you! I have hope now that I will be able to learn and use my new camera. Never had one before. Ordered the book.
Instructions were unclear... my go pro is now being flown to Antartica
Can You please do a GoPro hero 7 white and silver please I’m thinking of getting a white because it’s cheap but I have never had a gopro
Thank you life saver I just unboxing my go pro her0 7
Can u turn back screen off when recording
Thank you for this amazing review !
thank for all the tips
Easy to follow instructions …. Thanks 🙏
I just got one and it runs 4K at NO MORE than 30fps and it’s not stabilized. Can someone explain what the crap happened
I don't understand much about this Pro 7, you are making looking easy.  Thank you for explaining in details
Great video, very well explained, thank you!
Tn. A lot bro... very helpful
Great video for beginners. I have HERO4, just got HERO7 Black ready for next trip in Europe.  Some differences with HERO4 so it really helps. Thanks.
This was an awesome review. Thanks!!
Super helpful.  I ordered the book on Amazon based on the quality and succinctness of this basic introduction.  Nice marketing!
New friend here hope you visit mine😍
Can you zoom in for recording 1080p 240fps? My s9 will not let me zoom in for 240 fps recording.
Thanks for the video! Great instructions and helped me every step of the way!
Wow great video. Thank you! I bought the hero 7 black today at Costco and will be using it for my upcoming trip to the Philippines. Definitely will go back to this video again for any information that I would might need again!
Very nice camera . I liked that
can you selfie mode??
Keepit Up. Thanks
Jordan, bro, seriously,  where you been all this time....PROFESSOR!  LOL, nicely done, mama just ordered your book too my man, awesome job. 🤙
just got my Gopro hero 7 today,And this video helps me a lot.Rhank you so much.
Thank you for sharing this; I just ordered a hero 7 black and am so pumped to begin collecting footage.   What is your USB charger? looks nice.
This was so helpful! Thank you so much!!!
Great video, thanks
Do you have a video in regards to hvec ?
Great video man
great tutorial ,thanks
Hi. Is there a way to track a stolen gopro black7? Someone broke into my car and took mine.
What happens when you reach capacity on the memory card?  Does it stop recording? Or will the oldest videos start “falling off” ?  Great video btw. Thanks
Thank you 👍🏻
i searched for a video like tihs, but you are showing how to use it, mine doesnt fudging turn on, the light is red which means its recording but the screen is black so i cant see if it is, and i cant turn it off or on
Thanks
How can I remove one sticky mount?
You went through every single detail thanks dude
What happens if my phone won't install the GoPro App?
I have a question. I am not the most tech savvy guy in town but I am stumped. I edit using Adobe Photoshop & I have never shot in RAW before. This past weekend I took a trip & I shot using the jpeg & RAW. When I uploaded my photos to my computer for editing my jpegs are there but how / where do I access my RAW files??????? Thanks in advance for educating me.
Hi ,i just bought my go pro 7. Do I need to buy extra full cover case ( waterproof) i want to use it on my motorbike from UK to German. I am afraid about front screen I mean small rock or sand.   Please let me know.   Btw.  Your video gives lot help. I left subscriptions  :) peace
Is GoPro  come out hero 8? The 7 old new and I have the 7 black and it freezes up on me some times .
Well explained intro so entertaining
Great tutorial thank you
Just got the Hero7 Black yesterday and this video was extremely helpful. Thank you!!!
Great video.   Made me want to purchase the book.  Thanks!
I am planning to buy Hero 7 black. Glad I found your channel. Step by step tutorial.
Thanks for your help
Awesome thanks a lot mate!
This video is so detailed. I appreciate all of the time you took to teach users. I just purchased my first Gopro Hero 7 Black. Looking forward to trying it out.
Can you take photos
Is it normal when it’s on to overheat for about 45 mts. ??
give me one pls
This is such a useful video you've made! Thank you so much! :)
Very good video.
your vlog is very helpful..i just bought my first go pro, its a hero7 black, what is the right sd card to use? thanks
My hero 7 black says I cant do 4k at 60fps only 30fps
This was very helpful, thank you so much!
Nice!
I cant connetc the camera why???? I had those first screen and now there is not
great vid dude , thank uuuuuu
Ultratube..the best i have seen
Great video! This was so helpful and I went and bought your book right after I watched the video. I’m heading to Alaska in 5 days and then China in October and am very excited to use this Go Pro 7 Black on my travels. I’m looking forward to reading your book before I go! I had the Hero 4 but this looks so much easier to use. Thanks again!
Great video - thank you.
Do you recommend using a waterproof housing when diving or snorkeling in ocean?
Just bought a GoPro Hero 7 black and your video is very helpful. Thank you for posting this.
Thanks for all explanation 👍👍
Hi friend. Why does my screen still see turtle? I didn't see turtle on your screen.
Great video. Are the batteries of gopro hero 5 compatible with hero 7 black??? Or are the batteries specific for each camera model?? Thanks
So helpful. Thank you!
VERY HELPFUL THX   DO I ALLOW GOPRO TO ACCESS PHONE WIFI
I don't even have a go pro and yet I  watch this. 😁
Does the 2.7k graphics need HEVC too?
Thank you for such a helpful video.
Thank you so much you were very helpful !!
Thank you, very helpful
Jordan what gimbals work best with GoPro Hero 7 Black?
Great video
I guess should have watched this before I used mine, but you know how men are...lol  sure like my hero 7
If i want to shoot just 1080P at 30fps, how long does the camera last?
The GoPro app keeps telling me it finds my camera, but then it can't connect to it - any ideas?  The GoPro site was completely unhelpful, and of course these don't come with any sort of instructions whatsoever (thank God folks like you have videos like this, otherwise I'd be lost).
I just bought a GoPro7 Black and it is telling me that 60 FPS is only supported in 2.7k and 1440 what is going on?
Nice video!! Thanks
Very Nice video!!! I have gopro hero 5 Black... currently it’s almost June and the next GoPro hero 8 maybe announced in September. I’m going on vacation later next month. So should I upgrade for hyper smooth or wait for the hero 8 black??
A perfect video on how to use the Gopro Hero 7 Black. Exactly what I wanted to see before I use mine. Thanks a million times for uploading this video. You’re great!!
Why does my hero 7 break up continuous video into 11 minute files? Memory card compatibility?
What iPhone is that you are using, so classic!!
Great review. You definetly have the voice of a GoPro software engineer.
Hello Just got mine for Mother's Day. I will be using it at my sons baseball games. I was just wondering what do you think the best setting is for his at bats.
Excellent explanation
Sir can I use this as dash cam
Thanks for the great video!
Thank you for all of your help, boy I needed it, only the lord knows how much I needed the help , I keep repeating the video over and over again, I’m studying the video, so I can get familiar with my go pro black 7 camera 📸 so thank you for taking the time making this video, it truly has been a blessing to me ! Continue to check out your videos 👩🏾‍🦲
I don’t see what you pushed to pull up media after recording.  10:33.  I can’t seem to find it on my screen
I'm so dumb omg... I was clicking the capture button to turn the damn thing on and it's on the side 😂
I was quite confused due to lack of manual when I bought my unit.  Thanks for very useful tutorial!
Best Explaining the GoPro 7 on YouTube awesome 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
What SD card did you use?
I am going to buy your book, but to know if this item is for me. Does the 4k feature work with iPhone 8 and MacBook pro using i Movie? Thank  you.
I got the Hero7 Silver, but this video was still super helpful. Thanks!
Awesome review! Btw, nice Turquoise Ring!
So you can’t record at 24fps?
I accidentally said no to location and idk how to connect to my app since it says it can't find it .. Any suggestions?
Informative and interesting topic good job
First time user here...needed help just getting it off the box mount after I already destroyed the box!! Thank you so much for making an easy to follow video for us beginners!
why does the Gopro hero 7 record 6 minute segments when you record for long time periods?
This guy’s great, doesn’t rush the explanations.
This is my first Go Pro camera! Thanks for the amazing introduction! :-)
Finally I have found best GoPro channel subscribed good job j learn so much from u bro
Thank you soooo much for making this video!!!!! It made it sooo much easier for me to understand & soooo much more fun than trying to figure this out all on my own!!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you sooooo much!!!!!
Good video man....👍
Are all of the 7 black capable of 60 frame at 4 k? Because when I switch to 4K I am not able to pick the 60 frames
This was really helpful thanks a lot!
I bought today gopro7 black when I turned on I couldn't even read everything on the screen was not clear for setting which one is to press I risked its a big mistake that I paid it for nothing
I bought the book honestly it's amazing. I'd recommend anyone to jump on Amazon and buy it, it totally made it all so easy for me.
Wow! Thank you so much! It really helped me out. I'm buying your book. Thank you
It has short battery life.
Dont buy gopro 7 black, cause you cant use another mic without buying the original gopro dongle and it breaks easy. Rather buy old gopro 5
Should i buy this gopro 7 Black Edition or something else?? Thanks people
I was thinking about buying this until I watched this video. Whats the deal with all the "app" and cellphone use for this product. Can this be used without having to download any apps or cellphones at all?
Thankyou for the Video! Just got it for my Anniversary! Thankyou to my Wifey❤️ Can’t wait to upload YouTube videos on this instead of my iPhone!
I bought 256 GB battery  Do you think is better? Thank you
great video, thank
Good job man appreciate!!
Thank you very much you are so helpful .
Awesome useful videos! But why dont you provide an affiliate link to buy the gopro? I would have used it. Your tutorials convinced me of the gp 7 hero black, i need new gear and resources are sparse, so your content was really making a difference in decision making.  Thanx!
Can we make feature film with this camera GoPro Hero 7 please reply
Thank you for helping me get it out of the box
Awesome video! I had one question. I have bought a waterproof case main reason because I ride dirt bikes and don’t want to hurt it... could I hurt it without a complete case?
Great explanation and how to, good job !
Can gopro hero 7 use on Android phone?
Hey for me the quality dosent look Even close to the footage in the video in 4K 60
This is truly a fantastic video... I just got the Go Pro 7 Black and thanks to this video and I am READY to go... Truly appreciate the effort to make this easy for newbies! FANTASTIC.
very helpful !!!!!! High five
Just ordered your book from Amazon. Can't wait to read it.
Very informative and easy to understand.....many thanks for sharing!
I just bought a hr 7 and find that I HAFT to have a $300 to $1000 phone to use it ( I have a cheep flip phone ) so the PC is out to set up camera !!?? I'm not going to buy a phone that I will brake the first day !! I drop my phone all the time !! I'm 68  I should have known that there was no data PC cable !!!!
I just bought my gopro 7 today and your video helps me a lot . Thank you! ☺
You have explained it in such a smoother manner.. Great video bud! Cheers!
Thank you so much for this video. Very helpful in setting up my GoPro. Does the hero 7 need a protective case or something to protect the lens or screen or entire camera?
When I first opened it I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to pull the tab out of the battery. When he put the battery in without pulling it out my question was answered and it wasn’t until he pulled the batter back out that I realized it was there to help you remove the battery. lol
Thank you, just got it this morning and i would have spent hours trying to figure out how to use it !!
Thank you very much for your time,I'm only going to use it on the most simple form to make videos .
What if you have huge sausage fingers like Shrek?
Yea thanks but why not say charge the battery before you put it in the camera or if would be a good idea to charge the battery first or get an extra battery since I and others probably bought the dual battery charger which comes with an extra battery so now I have to take out the partially charged battery and put in the fuly charged one. Your video is good but watch your fingers when you hold the scan disk as that part you go by pretty fast and I had to rewind it also I am assuming since it is not covered in the booklet with the GoPro that the power cord has to have a plug in adapter unless your going to charge it on your computer which is a lot slower than using apower adapter which would have been nice to know as computer charging is very slow.
Thanks for the getting started video.  Helped me so much
Hi Jordan thanks for sharing. I just got one so this will be really helpful.
Thanks for the great info. Just a question if I want to attach a handle is there one that has a button to press for taking a photo or to record or do I always need to press the one on the camera? Can the voice control help?
How  do I keep my visual display on while filming?
Do you have to buy another battery or can you keep on charging the one that came with it
Hello!! It was an amazing video, what charger do you recommend me to buy? And another, how long the battery lasts?
I make vlogs with this one.Gopro hero 7 black is awesome quality cam
Newbie question. My daughter is a competitive cheerleader and I'm buying a gopro to record her performances. During video mode can you take quick snaps or does it have to be on camera mode?
I would like to buy one of the large mounting plates that the camera is mounted to as part of the packaging. Would any of you like to sell me yours? Thanks.
You said up to 128gb. Does it not support 256?
Can you charge the batteries outside of the camera?
Excellent intro to the GoPro 7. I wish I had watched it prior to opening the box and fumbling through the setup/operation. This is my first GoPro and one of the most professional/thorough product YouTube videos I've seen. Thank you and enjoy the surf for those of us who are landlocked.
Very informative and useful. You got a lot in, all in under 20 minutes!
You made me wanna buy a Go Pro!😃
WOW your video is amazing, first time GO PRO User and you made it so simple .    Thank you so much.
Thanks for the very detailed instructions. You explained each step beautifully. And you are the only video that has made sense to me.
Thanks...ur tutorial the most useful
How to turn off camera,  I can't, I pressed the power button for few seconds,  screen turn off,  but not the camera, as I press the play or record button on the top it   start recording so its mean camera is on,  how to turn off camera ?😢😭
Great job thanx👍💕
كم يبلغ سعرها بالدولار الامريكي
Thank you👍👍
My wife and I just got our first GoPro camera and this video helped us tremendously. Thank you for this tutorial. Looking forward to creating some nice videos and pictures.
Excellent tutorial, thank you so much!
Watched the videos and bought the book, excellent help and advice for newbie Gopro Hero 7 Black users. Keep up the great work.
Great intro and tips.. Thank you very much for making this...
?, Can anyone help me out? I am curious about the battery compartment door? I know about the release button and door having to be extended out a certain way. You have to be careful with latching it. I noticed on my hero7 as well as my hero5 that the forward part of the door, the part that’s nearest to the GoPro Logo, the corner area of the door does not sit flush (as mentioned in the video) its the rubber gasket. It is raised just a bit in the corner area but is this something I should be worried about? Is it just a normal thing?
Thanks!!!!
Super useful 👌🏼
Thanks for sharing, appreciate it 👍
Superb information, touched on absolutely everything there is to know. GoPro should give you a job or at least a GoPro for life 👍
Thank you so much for the information, highly appreciated
Excellent. Thank you.
I know that HyperSmooth Stabilization works on 4k... Does it also work on 2k or 1080..?
Great video - thanks.  My GP7 black wont connect to my android and also won't accept stabilisation or 60fps at 4k - so pretty pointless owning it so probably going to take it back.  really disappointed.
awsome
Your video gets an A+ for being informative and teaching the basics of the Gropro Hero 7 Black. The best thing about YouTube is the how to vids. and yours is Spot on. Quickly covering all the basics. Just buy one, watch the video, and you are off to the races.
Is it completely compatible with the Karma Drone???
Great video! Thank you
Many thanks
Excellent video..you go me up and running
this video is so helpful!
Amazing tutorial! Very helpful excited to start sharing more GoPro videos!
Thank you Sir
Thank you for this video! I was debating on buying a GoPro Hero 7.
Hi your video is great, I have one question, can you connect to a blackberry phone, or an iPad, I have both. I am thinking about getting this camera but the price is kind of high I know that if you want quality you have to pay for it. However, I am just starting out with a recumbent trike and wondering how it would handle on a Catrike Trike. It is great that it is waterproof because some times I could get caught in the rain. Still thinking about what camera to buy. Again thanks for doing this video it was extremely helpful.
Great video... thanks for sharing.
Awesome video - Very informative, thankyou! Just for clarification though: Does GoPro have its own native format that I NEED Quik [for desktop] in order to convert for Premiere (or whatever)  or is Q4D just that little extra something for workflow purposes?
Thank you soooooo much man, you really helped me a lot. So thanks 🙏🏼😜
Okay so when I go to europe If I want to film something Iwould  have to look for wifi spots so that I can connect my camera with my phone? That is weird. Does the connection only work on wifi?
Superb! Super Helpful Video🤙
What happens if you have already excited out of the settings mode and now you want to add GoPro app? I want to connect my camera but it won't allow me?
Great video for a good start 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Excellent tutorial for beginners. My first GoPro is arriving tomorrow and I am sure my learning curve will be shortest. Thanks.
Say I wanted to post a video to Facebook. Should I still film in 4k or something lower?
Any videos on how to add a mic to the GOPRO Hero 7 black for interviewing or vbloggin
Thank you so much. This video was really helpful
Awesomeness! I just got a Hero 7 Black, my 1st GoPro as well after a few years of contemplating, so I can start making videos again & revive my channel. I liked this video so much, I bought your book too! I'm just starting to read it so I can figure out this camera & start making a few test vids. Thanks for all the valuable info! Keep these vids coming!
thanks, great video.
Thanks a lot for showing us how to set it up, great help mate. keep it up
Thank you Sir!! Very helpful video.
Can we make feature film with this GoPro Hero 7 camera
This is SUCH an useful video! thank you so much
very concise, thanks.
I'm a professional photographer, but was clueless when I got my new Hero7 Black home!  I've purchased your book and will read it on the way to Cancun where I will use my new GoPro to hopefully take some amazing footage.  Thanks, Jordan!
amazing video
It’s keeping me stuck at 2.7k at 30 how can I fix it
Excellent video! May I ask what camera you used to film THIS video?
Thank you for this, I just recently purchased a hero 7 black and cannot wait to use it for my upcoming holiday in Greece 🇬🇷 😃 📸 🌊 ☀️ 🏖
Thanks for the video 📼!! Very helpful 👏👏👏👏
Hi I have go pro 6 and 7 I have gotten the update reminder for both and I'm having trouble updating both of the cameras from the app it's frustrating what should I do?
First time ever owning a go pro really enjoyed your video helped alot.
Isnt it only 4k 30fps? Not 60fps?
Thank you for the very easy setup you have explained. Love your review.
It sucks that it can’t be charged while still mounted in the frame.
Very helpful for me i'm planning to buy go pro 7 and it's my first go pro camera to use
Will this camera support a SD card formatted with anything other than exFAT?
URGENT QUESTION PLEASE!!! If I want to take pictures, which recommend iPhone X or GoPro Hero 7 Black?
how to take picture in go proo
Thanks for sharing, its very helpful..Thumbs up!
I spent $350 for this think and recording in 2.7k setting while snowboarding at Snowbird and none of the video wouldn’t download onto my MacBook Pro 2012 ...ended up shooting at 1080 still amazing resolution. Fcking waste. Should’ve  just saved $150 on the 7 hero
Getting my first GoPro ever. Decided on the Black 7 and you made it easy to follow for beginners like me.  I also bought your book.  Thanks so much.
Thank you so much, this was the perfect video for someone like me, who is a beginner
If recording a video can we pause it?
Just bought the HERO7 Black (my first ever GoPro camera purchase).  This video was remarkably invaluable!  You have a new subscriber!  Thank you so very much! 👍🏽👍🏽
Hey I got my GoPro hero 7 black, I have a question isn’t normal the camera  its fast to heat up
Thanks for the video. Very informative. Thanks man.
Thanks I really need this it's  a real life-saver. I bought the 7 black, comes without instruction manual.
What’s the biggest memory card this camera can use?
Great vid, thank you 🙏
128 gig card?? what card you  using ?? make model?
Love the ring.
Great video! So nice and clear. This was the 3rd video I came across and wished I had watched it first. Thank you!
Thank you!
Unfortunately after downloading the app and even finding the camera it tells me to update, and that then seems to be the end of it all, as it says it now has problems connecting and finding the camera. I've installed and re-installed and the same thing happens each time. I'm hoping that I won't need to use my phone app and that i can access everything via the camera as it is. I always worry whenever I have to connect something to a smart phone of sorts, because that's usually when the real complications set in. I've never had any problems when the unit is self contained. Good informative video though.
Your good to explain it sir,hope to have one someday
Very helpful video.thank you so much. I just bought a new camera And I am finding screen hanging issues do you have any solution for this problem? please reply.
Great instructional video! Wonderful presentation.
Yesterday I bought this camera after unboxing the camera I was very disappointed bcz my mind got  messed up with this tiny screen and had no idea how to use then I checked few reviews but it was waste of time , finally I'm happy only for this review now I can use gopro camera like expert user  Thanks with subscribing the channel 👌
Best review ever I have seen 👌
Thanks for starting with the absolute basics - I've had tons of cameras but this is my first GoPro and it's unlike anything I've ever had before! I didn't even know how to open the frame when I got it out of the box. 😆
Any suggestions to edit video other than Quik now that GoPro Studio doesn't support Hero Black 7 video formats?
thanks! your explanation was great.
Excellent video...I just got my Hero 7 yesterday and I wish I had found your video last night. You made understanding the camera setup & basic use SO easy. Great job and I'm getting your book. Thanks!
If I want still shots/pictures off a certain video how do I go about that? Can I screen shot them on the GoPro or i have to screen shot them when I edit it in my app or computer?
So I just got my GoPro Hero 7 Black before my Disney Cruise.  I had a few issues with it freezing up even with all my updates.  I also had to format every SD card from my iPhone app because every time I tried on my GoPro it would freeze up.  I was pretty disappointed with that, especially since I was in Mexico and had no access to internet to try and restore.  However, I have loved everything else with it.  Great photo and video quality after figuring out the formatting issues with my SD cards.  I felt like once it was properly formatted I had a lot less or no issues.  I just couldn't get it to format on the camera itself.   However, here is my one question.  I have GoPro Studio on my Surface Pro and it will not play/load my Hero 7 Black videos to edit.  I drag them in, and nothing.  I click the upload button and try to select it, and nothing.  Any suggestions?  PS: I love your videos.  Have since I got my first Hero 3+.  I found your  books through your videos.  All your books are great.  Even if you know GoPro, I still feel like they are an awesome reference and has some insight into the cameras that are easily forgotten about.
Thanks for the video, very helpful. 🤠👍
Do you have to be connected to wifi to connect to your phone?
excellent job many thanks
recorded 4sec video for display, and the 128gb card went from 4H to 3H ?
very helpful 🤘
great job
good
my gopro hero 7 is having a problem connecting to wifi during uploading the firmware and it won't even let me turn off the gopro, red light is flashing and beeps every 2 minutes.  How do I stop this and get it connected?
Great Video Thanks!!!!
The camera quality looks REEEEALLY bad through the app. It’s super blurry. Someone please help. Is it supposed to look like this? I have an iPhone 7+. I’ve tried shooting videos inside, outside, in bright lit areas and low lit areas :( this is my first action camera
great video
Mine works and screen works without app ! now I got to get a knew PHONE NOT HAPPY PISSY APP RUBBISH!
Nice video with no shit. Worth watching all of it. Thanks.
Hello I’m buying a GoPro off of someone and was wondering how I can search up the serial number and see if it is real or not can anyone help?
Excellent video and very informative.  When I get my cam in a couple of weeks I will buy the book hopefully through Amazon in UK.
Great tutorial. Thanks.
I actually ordered your book earlier today. Then came across this video. Now I'm sure  I made a good decision. Thanks!
Excellent.
Amazing starter video :) Just a quick qn; I understand the hero 7 black is water proof up to 10m. For shallow snorkelling, does the sea water damage the body if I use it without a housing? Would you recommend a housing, or is the body sturdy enough? Cheers :)
Super helpful. Thanks!
awesome at explaining
No offense but I just want the nit a gritty shit
Your voice sounds exactly like the singer for King Missile on the song "detachable P..." ;)
mine does not show English as an option help!!!
Damnit your voice sound like Michael Emerson in Lost!! (Benjamin Linus). I almost thought I was back in the serie! lol - thanks for the vid.!
4K HEVC question...  thank you for the video and book.  I just bought it and can’t wait to dive in.  I did have a question about HEVC-  how do you know if your phone and computer are compatible?  Also, if they are not is it a matter of downloading software if some kind?  Even if you can tell me where to go on a local basis to get help would be appreciated.  Thanks again 😁
Reading your book right now, it has been an incredible read. There is nothin you do not touch on. Thank you
excellent!
Super useful. Thanks!
I have a big issue, it does not update at all. It always asks to choose a wifi even though i am connected to the internet. Please help
So helpful. Thank you !
Well done
Great video as always. Never disappoints.
Thank you for this informative video.  So clear and straight forward, you have been very helpful.
A 100% video. This Luddite feels he can now go out and buy a GP. I will have to re-watch 2 or 3 hundred times though. Thanks.
it eats battery :O good video tho
Excellent video, thank you.
Thanks so much.  About to get a H7B tomorrow and this video was super helpful.
i want that cam... don't buy the Chinese crapy cams, they totally suck
Very good tutorial
This was super useful, thank you!!!
Is there a good charger to charge an extra battery outside the camera?
Thank you so much for this video! Very useful
❤️❤️❤️
THANK YOU SO MUCH..............................couldn't have done it without u.
thanks for educational video- I need to record audio separately, can you suggest any good portable means? thank you
Thanks for the really detailed tutorial! Very helpful!
How do you remove black bars on the side? I tried 1440 and 2.7, direct uploads to youtube and both have bars on the side. Very frustrating.
Jordan this was a 10 ++ video/tutorial. It's so nice to see quality video work. I'm buying your book today!
Will this app work with any Android device or just the new smartphones?
Awesome information my new friend. Cheers from Western Australia
Great video and very informative for getting setup quickly!
Any clue on how to get the battery out when it has been inserted incorrectly?
so helpful..thanks for the information..would you like to advise which camera to buy to make travel videos with great quality
If you are recording a video and your battery is low can you change the battery without losing the video or having to start a new video? This is my first Gopro.
#1 My phone can't find it #2 The desktop site says my serial number is wrong #3 My PC crashes trying to read the SD Card #4 WTF
Thank for the help my friend! Great informal video!
Good job duder! Looking forward to capturing some cool stuff soon! Thanks for the vid!
I have a white hero 7  GoPro it didn’t come with a sd card or a battery?
Good video for begginers.. but im not a begginer thi..
I have the gopro hero 7 and its completely different than this one
Great video! Thanks for making. I would buy the book, but I'm afraid before I get to page 2, the Hero 100 will be out.
What micro sd card do you recommend? send me links to buy them from
Can't wait to get it
I have a cheapo eken h9 action cam and like that it records in 10 minute segments of 1.8 gb which makes it easy to find what you want to trim, as a gopro guy , does it do the same or if you record an hour long video is it just one long file ? cheers ing-ee
Wooww... Best tutorial.. Thank u... I just buy only this camera
Jordan! Awesome video. You keep it short, simple and easy which is much appreciated. A few questions- I'm snowboarding and want to take a video after I get off the lift. I would like to do everything from my phone and not take off my helmet. I have to physically press the mode/power button, correct, I can't turn it on with my phone?  Also, once I get the app going and press video, I will be shoving my phone back in my pocket. I expect with any type of bump the button could go off. Is the best outcome just using the actual camera to start and stop videos and not using your phone?
Spent the past 20 minutes watching and learning how to set up my Hero 7!! Can't wait to use it in action tomorrow. Thank you so much!
Thank you for showing us how to use the camera in this awesome video.  Looking at all the attachments, it looks complicated, but you made it easy.
This video was very helpful cheers
Need your help ....can you help me out ....how can I import slow motion videos from Camera to my one plus 3 device.?
The best tutorial for beginners! Thank you very much!
Like a dummy took me awhile to realize how to peel off turtle picture on screen :0.  Great tutorial, thank you.
Very informative, thanks
You rock! Concise and quality tutorial. First GoPro purchase, trying out for my new YouTube channel. Let's see what this baby can do.
dear Sir .. tQ tQ tQ for your kind HERO_7 101 video. i am speechless with the simple and direct introduction, again tQ. i just bought myself a HERO_7 this afternoon. my main point of getting the HERO_7 is the 1080p/240fps for slomo. again tQ Sir .. u r so kind. may your book be a HERO_7 bible.
thank you so much
This vid helped me a lot!! Thank you
Your informing is great. Tempted for the book
Best tutorial about go pro hero 7 , amazing video
The Best
Amazing Video Thank you!!!!!
Can I use powerbanks to charge my hero 7 black on the go?
Can we use it on a JOby tripod? please let me know?
Thx! My cousin and I both got a GoPro for Christmas!
Thanks buddy, very well done vid
Fantastic job buddy and will get your book for sure.
How do I sync the phone after I've set up the camera?
Thanks for this informative video.  I've just received my Hero Black 7 and this video has already been a lifesaver.  I have what may be a stupid question:  How do I change the password for my camera's wifi?  I did not get a chance to set up a password - it seems to have been generated automatically.  I'd feel more comfortable creating my own wifi.  Second question:  Can other people access my camera's wifi?
Thankyou
Every time i start it up it uses 5 to 10 % of battery in one minute
I got your book today and it looks like it will be of great help learning to use my new Gopro7. I like the large print and great illustrations.🎥🎆
I've never used a GoPro but I have other gadgets like drones and such. I've watched a lot of how-to videos and this is one of the best I've seen. Thanks for this. Maybe time to get me one.
I have a 128 GB-SD card but its saying my videos are corrupted .. Please help!!!
i have the white one does the same apply, this was very helpful. i need to go get a sd card first.
How do I make the resolution compatible with my phone(iPhone 5s)?
I charged mine overnight and it still wasn’t fully charged
Great video but how long should I be waiting for this darn update of transfer files, I've been sitting here for almost 1hr and thing is still stuck loading...
Excellent video. Wish I would have found it sooner. It would have made set up of my new GoPro HERO 7 BLACK much easier. I’ve learned a lot from your video. Thanks
My door to the charging popped off. I just got it.
Do you know why my gopro h7 freezes every time I try and take a picture or video? I gets stuck on the screen and I have to pull the battery out to reset. Got a UHS-1 microSD 32 GB card in there
O
Thank you for helping us to connect the go Pro
Just got a hero 7 black, gunna test it out filming free kicks, any specific setting I should use?
This is the best video I’ve seen about the gopros thanksyou so much
Very useful video man
Hey  I was wondering if I could use a battery that came with a GoPro Hero 5 , in the Hero 7 so I have an extra battery 🔋  Thanks
1st time owning a GoPro and had ZERO clue what to do. Thank You 🙏
Big thumbs up on this video very helpful.
What can you use to charge this camera
How does yours look so focused and high quality? Mines really blurry
is it ok if u buy a 64 gb sd card for the camera?
thank you so much, this is very useful information.
This video is awesome!!! Thank you!!!
Great video... you are the Go Pro Guru!
I ordered mine yesterday. This will be my first GoPro
I got my gopro7 setup thanks to your video! Ordered your book and will see how it goes. Thanks again!
This video helped a lot thanks.
How do I switch it to PAL
The fucking camera won't connect to the app fmfl 😅
i CAN'T GET MY CAMERA TO CONNECT TO THE APP
When I tried to connect my GoPro hero 7 black to my phone it wouldn't show up can somebody help me
Thanks 🍻👊👍
I got mine today, hope to set it up tomorrow! Thank to you, I am not good with technology!
thank you
Chargers Will be a problem to me
When I switch off mine, all the LEDs just remain on. Can anyone help me, please?
Wow Great review...now a 7 is needed...question are the hero 5 and 7 batteries interchangeable
What are those gopro hero7 accessories?
Hi, is anyone able to answer a micro card question please?
Can i connect it from my computer too or it s just thought my phone?
Thank you a lot !!!!!
My first GoPro and this was very helpful.
question - the slide door for the battery & sim doesn't close flat for my brand new go pro, no matter how hard i try to flatten it / push it down. there is this slightly raised bump on one of the edges. The issue persists even if I empty the slots and retry. Is there a way to fix it? I am so scared that I cannot bring it anywhere close to the water!
Is that one have hdr photo and video plz ?
Thank you so much!. You are the only one who explains everything about the camera. Once again, thank you so much.  Grettings from Mexico amigo. ✌
Can I charge the camera if i am doing a timelapse over night? you did a great job on the video! really well put together
Jordan, thank you so much for this video!  I got a 7 black a few days ago and I honestly thought I had a defective camera until I saw your video and realized it was total operator error and I was doing everything wrong!  lol!  I will be buying your book right away.  It's so great to have this basic training for newbies like me.  Again, thank you so much!
Thank you! I was a little lost!
When your film something is iT going directly to my Phone or Only on the micro Sd
Great video, very helpful, I am a complete novice with these kind of cameras but after watching your video have managed not only to insert the battery and memory card but also managed to get the app connected to my phone, can’t wait to start using, practice first then will use it for my upcoming trip in January.
Superb description that I had one week prior to buy GP7
My pro7 won't connect to my phone 😡 my S9 sees the camera, but the camera can't find my phone. Soooooo annoying 😖 almost threw the darn thing at the wall the other night.
How much cost is extra battery
I have a problem updating the camera, after i click on update camera, few seconds later i get a message pops up saying ( connection lost , you are no longer connected to your camera's wifi. Check the wifi settings on your camera and device,  But my phone is still connected to my GoPro. The battery runs down fast and the camera gets Hot on standby without using it.
What kind of wood is your background.
4k | 60 is not supported. Anyone knows why?
Can you zoom with this thing? I mean just say one was out doing some artistic camera work with nature and one accidentally happens upon a nudist beach full of hot ladies, could one get some close up action of some muff from afar?
What camera you used to record this ?
Truly excellent and professional tutorial.  Thanks muchly!
Thank you!!
Thanks, I was looking for exactly such a video, focusing on the camera itself and interface, hardware, software;  rather than people making movies with the GoPro 7. Appreciate the effort
can you add more than one camera to the phone app.... ill be running two
Thank you! Next video... How to use the GoPro app for average users and professionally.
What u do when it just keeps overheating  This GoPro it’s not good in my opinion
Cool Video. Is there a way to remove the side door to add external mic adapter or it that a separate housing to do that with?
Very helpful thanks
I thought I broke mine when the battery latch opened
Thank you for the refreshingly detailed and understandable setup instructions.  Great Tutorial.
Thanks!,
I’m getting this for Christmas!
Love my gopro black. I got mine for $299 during black friday
Thank u. I'm very new to this n i want to get one for self use . For new beginner which model do u recommend ?
Thanks for your tips! Very helpful!
Thank you, I set it up to record in timewarp from that screen, went outside press record, its recorded a video instead?
Excellent video
Incredibly useful. I followed all of your steps in my unboxing process and now I am ready to use my new GoPro. Thank you.
Very ugly looking gadget.
Great tips 👌👌👌👍👍👍
Thank you. Hoping you can provide links to recommended accessories.
Plaease subscribe me
Thank you for the great video! I have a 2016 MacBook Pro using OS High Sierra. I'm interested in you book but,  would like to use it on my MacBook Pro. After some research, it appears that it cannot be viewed using my MacBook Pro. Something to do with DRM protection. If there is a way around this, please let me know.  Also, I've seen a lot of reviews stating that there is a lot of stuttering/jitter while panning slowly with the Hero 7 Black. Have you had this issue? If so, is there a work around? Thanks again for your awesome informative video. Ray 👍😊
Just got my gopro 7 black and this helped me a lot thanks for uploading this cheers to life
I want you update zoom in and zoom out for faraway.
really helpful! Thanks
how do i change the language? thought i clicked on English but its not English and now i cant read anything so i don't know how to change it to English
I purchased a 200GB  scandisk is that going to work or is it to big
If I go outdoors for 7-8 hours and I want the camera to be on all the time, do I need 7-8 batteries?
Thanks for your help.  Just purchase a copy of your book (Kindle version).
Thanks so much on these Tips and introductory for the GoPro.  I'm used to the Sony camcorders and DSLR but when I opened the box to the GoPro Hero 7, I didn't touch anything until I specifically saw you Youtube video.  Thanks Jordan.  Very interesting for the progressive high tech inventions of video...  I will take notes...
Thank you sir, I enjoyed every minute in this video and I learnt a lot from it.. I gave you a sub 👍🏿. Once again thank you.
just got this for black friday, thank you for the insight on  how this little thing works :)
Thank u this vid helped a lot
Great job!
thank you so much for this video reviewing the newest gopro👌👌🙂
Anyone here after black Friday?
How does this gopro do in cold weather, like if I’m gonna take it skiing? I’ve had some problems with the gopro just turning off after a certain point, even with the battery being charged, is that improved with the hero 7?
Great walk thru had never owned one made set super easy!
Плохо что не на русском
Thanks a ton. This video is very helpful. Keep up the good work !!
Can you charge this from an external  battery well you live stream? Like the sony x3000  can
Your a good the video really help me
Make sure you mention that some Hero 7 may need to undergo firmware update to get 4K 60fps and other features.
Unlike your presentation, HyperSmooth Stabilization is not allowed at 4K.
Wow, I watched many videos about the GoPro 7 camera cuz I bought one for me, you are really the best one who explained it really good. Keep it up, man. I was thinking to take it back but now am keeping it.
You're a legend! Thanks mate
Subbed. Very helpful
Thanks a lot ! This was very informative :-)
Thank you so much!!!
I just got mine today and it's all in German how do I factory rest it?
What editing software do you use
Do you need sd card? Like it is must have it in there?
Great video!!!! Thanks so much😊
Great info
Very useful info. Thank you
Great job.  I used your video as my instruction manual and it's all I needed.  Just the right amount of detail to get started without being overly technical.  Thank you for the time you put into this video.
I already buy it it's superb
I unboxed my Hero7 while watching this. Very helpful. Thank you!
my hero
how do we get this 7black to livestream on youtube hangouts with an android?
A Very helpful tips for my new go pro 7 black. Thanks you
This was FANTASTIC!! Thank you! Super helpful
Just bought one and it's charging now :) can't wait to use it! :)
Why my gopro 7 Black just have Standard Stabilization in 4K 60fps :((
You can go up to 256gb
Does gopro 7 support clean hdmi out and unlimited on while plugged?
Thankyou so much for an Amazing video! Very helpful!
💜
Muy bien explicado. Great!
Another great video and I'm sure another great book. Thanks for sharing.
Very helpful. Whats the best setting for pictures?
Thanks for the tips just got mine
thanks a lot brother for the professional helpful Tutorial
I can't wait to use the gps telemetry on a roller coaster
Great tutorial! On point tips and, most important, you know what we care about ! Might subscribe!
At the risk of sounding a bit slow, I had even learnt how to even open the camera from the Box from your video. Just the basics is good for now. However, I wanted an extensive guide that teaches me everything about this camera in simple language so I don't have a psychological block but actually enjoy using my GoPro HERO7 and make the best quality travel videos out of it. So would your course on Kindle help me in that endeavour?
I purchased your book, cheers
Wow. This is super detailed. You, sir, totally rock!
Great video! Thank you so much.
Hi. Thank you for this helpful tip. God bless brother :)
Excellent introduction video...this is my first GoPro (7 black) and it’s a bit frustrating understanding all the icons and settings. This video was very helpful and detailed. Thanks for explaining how to use the GoPro👍🏻
Far more accessible and easy to follow than GoPro's own Get Started material! Ordered your book off the back of this video - thanks, Jordan!
is it GoPro only match on iPhone, how about Samsung J7....can you pls...help me...i wanna buy GoPro..which is one better...pls.recommend me..thanks
Very nice informative video
Thanks!
Thank you for the video! I have a one little question. Do you need to download GoPro app to finish setting up? Or you can skip it?
Great video! Thanks for the tips and tricks.
Thank you so much for this video. I opened to box and was at a total loss. I opened the little book and you need a magnifying glass to read.  Thanks again.
Great video but will your book only be available on kindle and ibooks or will it be coming to google books as well ?
Thank you for showing how to take it off of holder and taking it out of case. The other videos didn't do that. It looks simple but to a first time user like me that was helpful. Great video!
Se ve bueno el vídeo lo ví por completo lo malo es que no se inglés... :'(
Bad Ass Tutorial 🤘🏼
It is really helpful tutorial. Good work. But I have a couple questions regarding firmware update . 1. The store's staff said to me that it's not necessary to update firmware for HERO7 Black. Is it true? Can we access the whole features without updating the firmware? . 2. In curiosity - and also because I annoyed by the "update firmware" notification is always shows up - I try to update the firmware by GoPro App through my phone, OPPO F1s - Android. But I can't do any update because my phone connected with HERO7 by WiFi, so automatically I lost my network data. So, is it true that we still need our own data package to update the firmware instead through the WiFi service? . 3. I also try updating firmware through Desktop app. And my desktop already connected with WiFi service perfectly, I even streaming Youtube with no worries. But when I clisk update firmware, it loading up but feels kinda no progress at all. Is it really that complicated to update it via desktop??
Good 👍🏼🙏
Does it  hot  ?  ???  ... mine is  hot  being  I am watching  your video it is just  20 mins  only ?
can you make some like most essential gear for go pro but not from go pro brand maybe some other cheaper options. already have dual battery charger and shorty tripod from gopro. what about dog mount or some mounts for running or for car ? is it really necessary to buy for car mount offical go pro mount?
just got it today. it runs pretty hot hmm .- also how do i remove battery . im pulling that plastic latch from battery it barely moves
hello can you contact me plz i want to buy this book but i cant, can you contact me and i will pay you with paypal and you ship the book for me.  thank you
Thank You, Hero 7 arrived today and what a great tutorial to follow. Step by step brilliant. Again thank you.
Is it necessary to turn on GPS,  or can you keep it off and save a little more battery life?
Thank you very much, you saved me. Excellent Job !!
One of the best, and helpful videos I’ve ever seen. Keep up the great work 👍👍
Awesome video , thanks for sharing.
page 87 of book, line 3, "can be upscaled up to"  ??  Great book, still reading it cover to cover.
really well done... should be something the manufacturers had to do ;)
Really a nice overview!  I love the GoPro 7 and your video got me started!!
Very helpful 😇
Can it be charged while recording?
Thank you for the tutorial.
Does The Gopro 7 come with editing software? If it does will it enable me to create Timelapse and slow motion videos?
Thanks so much Jordan for posting this instruction video. Followed it and setting up my new Go Pro 7 Black was done one minutes. I had read in reviews how other people had struggled to set up their 7 Black, but with your instructions it was a smooth process. Will definitely be buying your book. Thanks again. Cheerio from London 🇬🇧
This is the best detail Information about my new hero 7 I ever see since I'm a gopro first time owner.. thank you
thank you man
Would an AC adapter at 5.2 volts and 2 amps be okay?
good for Vlogging.. thanks
Awesome video and very well explained. Hero 7 for dummies.
This is the most useful helpful video in the world thank you so much and keep up the amazing work
How come when I put the camera into 4K/60 it does not show he Hyper stabilization?....is see it at 2.7K at 60....after I OKed the
Is the battery rechargable? Or you will have to buy a new one?
Thank you that was very useful
Excellent video, very comprehensive and user friendly. Congrats !
Do u guys put a screen protector on the gopro screen and lens?
how i can replace the battery on hero 7 silver thanks.
You put so much effort in helping other people....This man needs more attention lol!
Nice film and very informative :)  I have a Gopro3 Black edition and i have the Gopro studio on my PC for it. Is it still compatible for the hero 7 version or is there another version?
Thank you so much, the video so helpful and I'll make sure to buy the book to get more information about GoPro Hero 7 Black. 👍
Thanks for your tutorial video. I just got my  GoPro black 7.  1. Do I need to attach the screen protectors? 2. I use android phones, is there any difference in downloading the apps and on phone usage with the Apple ones? 3. Is using the wireless control better than the phone?
I have a Mac computer. Is there a quick for Mac? In other words, how do you transfer your video files to a Mac?
Can u pause a video while shooting ??
Great vid! My setup didn't go nearly as smoothly as yours, and I would have been completely lost if I wasn't watching this.  Thx!
hows the battery life on this
Cool 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😃🔥
Really useful video for a go pro novice like me
Will the camera record while charging? Want to know if the recirdung time can be extended by power bank without stopping.
How do I get the Hero 7 book for iBooks? Do you have a link?
nice thank you! I will get one soon :D
very thorough. thank you for this
thank you so much for this!!!
Thanks this helped a lot I will see more future videos
Had my GoPro on while watching this video and the start recording turned my camera on 😂😂😂
How to get rid of overheating on go pro
Can I change the name and password of my hero 5 black?
I was looking for this camera but the store on base is running a deal on the hero 5 black for $180, is still around $250 everywhere else and for now the hero 5 will do just fine, the only difference between this and the hero 5 is the hero 7 black can shoot 4k 60fps videos and the hero 5 black max out at 4k 30fps, aside from that not big upgrades.
Such a great tutorial. Why did you choose to publish a book brother, I'm sure the info in your book is amazing based on this tutorial. If it was all in video tutorials that would be amazing! Keep up the gr8 work! cheers!
Great video, thank you! Will watch it again.
Man I bought a 7 today for my trip to Singapore and Thailand.  Had ZERO idea what to do because it’s my first Go Pro.  Thanks a lot!
Jordan its the 17th but can’t find the link to your book on Amazon
thank you
Jordan, do you have an update on the availability of the paper version of How to Use the Hero 7 Black, now that October 17 is here?
Excellent
Thinking of buying one and thanks to you for a great video it will make my purchase much easier 😁👍
Dreaming. 🙏❤️Hoping for go pro 7
i just purchased this camera from go pro and it comes with 32 gb card       should i immediately upgrade?
i'd suggest not saying "click" when you're "tapping" your phone,  good video thanks.
Funny because I just type how to take out the tortoise and this video help me.. 🙏🏼 thanks
a+ video thanks great cam love mine
thank you! and does the gopro app keep you videoes?? Where can I store my videoes when Im on a 10 day trip? I need to delete them from my camera in order to have more space
My dad just bought me this. I know absolutely nothing about  go pros. Thank you  Jordan for tutorial!
My camera won't update because it says " wifi signal is weak try holding the camera closer "
I am trying to connect but my app is not connecting with the GoPro hero 7 black plz help me
Has anyone else had issues with the main battery door right out of the box?  Mine is super difficult to latch.  Almost as if the middle button has an issue.
Thank you, thank you, and thank you again. I just bought my first GoPro ever today and of course it was the Hero 7 Black. So I was clueless as how to get started. Your video appeared at the exact time I needed it. I'll plan to buy your book as well.
This is the best step by step tutorial. I just bought today my go pro 7 and this tutorial got me started. Feel like a pro already
Nice tnx
Cool, Jordan. Good info; I just pre-purchased your Kindle book so I can really maximize my Hero 7's capabilities. Cheers!
thanks man for a good info!!
The only video where I've seen the most in-depth review on the Hero 7 👏👍
Thank you so much for this video. It is very helpful and you explained everything very nicely. Thanks man. You've a new subscriber :)
Very cool,,,
Yes thanks I really want that camera the hero 7 black
excellent  video show!!!!!!     I understand very clearly.   real easy tip.  WOW!!!!   CHAMP!!!!!    YOU ROCK!!!!!   CHAMP!!!!!!   Yes, I really like your video.  I learn from your video.  Thank much!!!!!!
Great video.  I notice that all my 7 Black videos have the wrong time in the meta data.  Does anyone else have this problem?
Wooo fantastic ✌️ I buy it I'm crash
Is there anyway you can mount this camera to a back pack so I can have my hands free? I would like to use it for the comic conventions. Thank you for sharing and one of the best tutorial videos I have seen.
Congratulation excellent video.
Man I absolutely LOVE this new GoPro 7 Black!!!!! Thanks for the Video!
Great video! @ 9:54 you say there’s a way to get around HEVC  - but your book is still on preorder. Any way to give me a tip on navigating the hack until I receive the book? Trying to figure it out on my Hero 7 right now.
Why my wifi disconnect when I update my gopro? I got samsung galaxy
Best and complete tutorial
When you turn off the camera and then turn it back on does it stay on the last setting it was on or go back to default?
do i have to switch on both wifi and bluetooth on my phone?
Can you address the very common issue of the Gopro 7 freezing? The only remedy when it does is to reseat the battery.  Mine freezes up occasionally. I've been using their approved microSD card, which came with the camera. Based on the forums, this is a very common and unfortunate issue. Thanks for any suggestions and feedback.
Went to order your book for the 7 and it only showed the Kindle version
My Hero 7 Black (my first GoPro) arrived today. The first thing I did was watch your outstanding video. The next thing I did was to pre-order your book. Thanks for all of the excellent advice!
Possibly the best tutorial I have ever seen, Thank You very much!!!
Try this settings: Any resolution   linear   stabilization auto  Video is lagging and jumping  If you turn off stabilization  or   change to wide angel  video will play fine  There is a problem with videos in Linear mood
My first gopro ever arrives tomorrow.......thanks, this should get me rolling.
Can connect the app to the camera via wi-fi or just bluetooth? I ask this because I want a camera setup in a client's place and control it remotely.
Got my Hero 7 Black the other day, love it does everything I was hoping GoPro would add to make this a more usable tool. I enjoy your books and useful techniques of using the GoPro and your easy to follow instructions.
Your book is not listed on Amazon for preorder.
I'm usually a lagger. I destroyed my GoPro4 black and just bought the GoPro5...looking forward to trying it out. I'll get a GoPro7 for $150 in a couple years
Excellent video. Just purchased one. Very informative thanks.
Have the audio issues that Hero 6 has been dealt with.
Thanks for show me the video good to know the set up 👍
I just got the Hero 7 and this is exactly what I was looking for! So helpful and you answered all the questions I was wondering about. Thanks!
Nice great points here
