Bom dia  estou curioso . Oq é  esse agente  desmoldante  pois procurei aq e não encontrei
thanks for the detailed explanation 🙏
may i know what machine is that n how to buy?🙏
Dear Mr, First of all, thank you for this interesting and didactic tutorial. Regarding to the formula that you prepare, I am curious to undersdand why don't you use a defoamer/air release agent in order to reduce the waiting time and also an additive to improve the wetting of the fibers. Could this last additive avoid the use of the net?  Thank you so much!
Thanks for the video, helped a lot with my lab report.
Que máquina de vacío recomienda
What size vaccum spec
O que nao falta no mundo sao idiotas amestrados prla midia.
Great teaching video. (2024)
Ce sac à fuit...
I don't think I've ever seen one person say "actually" so many times in a single video...
what material of vacuum hose should be used: silicon or PVC or some other ?
where can I find those silicon connector in the US?
Is it mandatory to put the item in the oven to post cure when infusing?
Hy. Thanks for the video. I wanted to know @11:00 how you determined the necessary  amount of resin needed for the VRI?
Thank you so much!
Anyone..Motor specifications pls
Do you need a “tempered glass” lid on the vacuum chamber ? Or will an acrylic lid be fine? Will the resin gases crack the lid?
Thank you sir for the best explaination about Vacuum Resin Infusion. I am curious to know the material of Mold used could you tell me what kind of material it is?
Thank you so much 😊
Very beautifull, but I have a Question. Since carbon and epoxy are expensive but also very very strong what makes you decide howmany layers of carbonweave you use? Would one layer also be enough for that panel? What would be the difference in the endresult if you compare a one-layer vs a three or more layer panel ?
After mixmng your resin, pit resin in a paint pot and pull vacuum. That will get rid of entrained air bubbles…
Thank you very much for your video, it helps me a lot with my learning! Cheers!
hi, which pump are you using in this video?
Great and useful video. Perfect for beginners to understand
the hook disappears at 1:52!!  https://youtu.be/VodfQcrXpxc?t=110
Do I have to remove the paint from my car chassis or it will stick to the paint?
Now I see why carbon fiber is so pricey!  What a process, wow!  This is an excellent video and very well explained.  Thank you for the demo and your dedication to producing beautiful carbon fiber products.  You are a master craftsman!
Hello. I tried this once and my whole garage filled up with smoke from the vacuum pump. It was pretty nerve-racking and the wife was pissed. Do you have any idea why the vacuum pump would’ve been smoking so much?
What is the name of inside hose? And where i can get thw catch pot?
Absolutely fantastic and wonderfully informative video
Hey. Good tutorial👌. Do ya think 3 m is too far to vacuum pull resin?
For a mould would a nylon base be ok to use? The resin won’t stick and still get the nice finish?
How many HP power vacuum pump you used? Can i used a 1/4HP vacuum pump?
Thank you very much !
So the pressure should be -30 psi?
How much cfm sir to achieve 14psi?
May i ask ,, if im DIY vaccume ,, what is the things i need
love the sound of those scissors!
I work in this field and I want to benefit from information from you and I am honored that you send me your phone number on WhatsApp
Hey nice tutorial! I noticed u don’t use any protective gear and I’m planing to make guitars with this method and I have some concerns about the smell that can be annoying for neighbors. How strong is smell and any suggestions about this problem? Thanks
amazing
Great explanation
Is there anyone who can help me with a resin infusion question. I'm looking to do a fiberglass hood. I'm curious as to how to do the work but protect the air wants with out carbon fiber them. If that makes sense lol
Mantap.... salam dari indonesia
I just noticed you didnt use hole film.. when would you use this vs not using it?
that looks like butyl tape...
2:37.... Tip... Lay the carbon so each layer has the weave direction different with each layer. This will result in a much stronger carbon part. Two layers of stagger sheets will be stronger and lighter than the four layers seen in this video.   All that said....guy knows what he's talking about and Bob's your uncle
Ten years ago!!!  That is top shelf dedication.  This video is still so relevant in 2021...   Well done!  🇦🇺🤜🏼🤛🏼🍀🍀🍀😎🤓
Hello bro, what did you use to clamp your pipe ?
this was some good stuff
Fantastic video - Many thanks. Website URL noted - I'll be over to get some stuff in due course!
didn't have a vacuum bag so I T-bagged it instead
This tutorial is amazing. How can I import your products to Kenya
Is this a good process only for one of them carbon? If have I more of one layer? Is still a good process?
Wow, I’m 10 years late to this video and the knowledge is still invaluable.  Having issues making a mold for a car door
hi my name is Erlen de jesus ,im brasilian idont speak english very well but even i need to aask some questions to you.my work naval carpentry .then the great team at easy composites found the innovative application method  fantastic this is revolutionaing repairs  and naval and offshore maintenance knowing that i woldd like to know if you are giving a course on  this  application method
The finish is only as good as the mold and the quality a product to use infusing has nothing to do with that
What cfm of vacume you are using sir?
How many hours do you keep the vaccume  on  sir?
This is the best video I have seen about Infusion. Thank you for sharing
Hello, in resin infusion what's the difference between using peel ply and perforated release film?? what is the finish surface of each and when should we use which ?? thanks for the videos
Isn't the resin likely to discolor and yellow when exposed to sunlight?  How do you prevent this?
Awesome video and cant wait to make some parts after Christmas however I have 1 question, when you put the carbon weave into the mold you didnt use anything to contour it into place? Does the vacuum pull it all into place? Or would there be a process of applying the first layer to shape into the mold? Thanks
Well done! Will use this video in class in Delft. Congratulations.
Information to me What type of resin for carbon kevlar ,,,,
Is it possible (with resin infusion) to orient fabrics of each layer so as to create a laminate with desired mechanical properties in specific direction? I know that with prepreg it is possible, I'm wondering if it is the same for infusion.
the second clamp was in a wrong position
I don't understand the order of the layup... The way you've done it it, isn't the resin the wrong side of the peel ply?
Why don't you use gloves? You have oils on your hands that could cause the layers to separate.
I am interested in purchasing your infusion starter kit with a vacuum pump and catch can, however, I live in USA and dont believe you have an option for a u.s. power cable on the pump. How can I go about this?
https://youtu.be/wUIF5P0UNOo. Check out my infusion
WTF did anyone just randomly get recommended this?!
Funny thing is that I'm watching videos on how to do the infusian and only now I realised that I was working in company where we were doing exactly that but without resin itself. We were preparing the release film spiral lines etc for other department to lay it in gigantic molds. Parts were like 5m by 30m big. Thanks for great video.
Also I would like to know the width of grid you used. Could you tell me? Thanks again! 😃
Hi! I got the fibers very very sticked to the peelplay. When I try to dissamble is so tought because both the peeplay and the cured textiles are very linked. When would you recommend me? Thanks in advance.
I watched this even though I'm never likely to do it. So satisfying. Wish you did a couple of litre bag to attach to my vacuum cleaner so I could get a better pressure on my shoe outsole carbon layup haha
Thanks for the video, and your passion  Thanks again
You said "Flange"
Can you recommend me , which scissor is best for Biaxial Glass fiber
don't you use a removable flange to act as a resin stopper? we use it here in Italy :)
Really great video! Thank you so much!
Hi, how and from what material u built the mold?? A video would be gd thanks
Is there a maximum number of cloth/carbon layers with this process?
no bleeder/breather?
wow.. all the leaks... hmm
Pls tell me ,the eppoxy ,hardenar name
hello, what material do you make the molds?
What should the viscosity of the epoxy resin for this process? And also how to consider pot life of the resin for this process?
What if you have a difficult mould. Can you use spray glue to fix the first  carbon?
I would say that is the best looking carbon fiber part i seen made on youtube. The materials used here look like good quality,like the actual carbon fiber looked perfect compared to others. Anyhow great videos. I hope my parts come out half as nice as this.
Thank you for the excellent video. Do you have a video tutorial in making this or any mould?
Thank you for this great tutorial!
Wow. I thought it might be complicated. Looks like something I could do in the basement at home!
Nice work guys, both the video and the finished part.
Didn't see the breather were applied in the video, does it not a necessary?
I have one question: in this method, how to control the thickness of the final product?? Anyone knows it? Thanks.
Do you sell to the US? Great video thanks.
Great tutorial. What is the CFM rating of that pump, Is this good enough? https://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/1-4HP-5Pa-2-5CFM-Single-Stage-Rotary-Vane-Vacuum-Pump-Oil-Bottle-AC-220V-50Hz-UK/173997460744?page
I want to what kind of pump do you use
One quick question, I saw your video making the bonnet, there was a layer of gel coat sprayed before the laying up, why this does not need?
طريقة سكب بلور اتوكار من مادة الايبوكسي ممكنة
What determines whether or not you lay down a gel coat into the mold before the first layer of carbon? Just preference fo appearance/UV protection?
Hi I can control the resin ratio  60:40 58:42 or 55:45 ? How I can change a little bit the ratio during the infusion?
what type of resin are you using
Thanks for sharing, very helpful to me...
how come you guys didn’t use that layer thats sucks up the extra resin? i forgot what is called but everyone uses it.
Great video. I'd love to hear your thoughts on Venturi vacuum generators vs pumps.
hey man, just a quick one, you were saying to check the vacuum by clamping it off for 15mins, does that mean after 15mins no leaks, its considered as perfect vacuum state? what if the gauge reads slightly less vacuum after 1-2 hours? does it make a difference? or 15mins time frame is more than enough to test the perfect vacuum state? thanks!
What is the cost and will it reduce as production and acceptance go up? Does this composite burn or is it flame resistance. Would this work as a wood replacement?  Homes would last for centuries. With unique design redesigned would be easy to up date. Bridge construction ? Chain or cable, I-beams for sky scrapers? That might take place soon as USA infrastructure needs long lasting repair. Those sky scrapers might even go higher with this unique material.
How strong is it. Does it last a super long time. No need to shine or polish? Would this work for car panels ?  Would a car last without rusting out from salt and to much sunshine. Would this work for air plane panels ?  How bullet proof is it ? Would this work for football players padding and safety equipment? Helmets? Or even an ice cooler outer surface. How about a battery case? Resistance to acids?
Perfect job!
very helpful; thanks for sharing!
Dose your company have sales in the United States ?
WBT Electric scissors cut Fiberglass, Carbon and Kevlar quickly and safely!     https://youtu.be/3e3UqL_vRwo
Really good and awesome video.  I want to make carbon fiber pipe 35 mm x 1.5 meter and 1 inch x 2.5 meter . How can I make this in home. Please confirm about the same. Waiting your reply.  Best regards.  I m from India
Hey how to calculate the composite thickness if there is no mould at first place? Like we are making a simple plate for research purpose. So if there is particular equation or solution to know how it works plz share
hope you have a license for that knife
Brilliant. Would love to see a car wing mould and make for an Audi a5? Interested in making them for myself. What would i be looking at kit and cost wise?
B is for Build
awesome video! best ive seen so far! just one question.. how do i know how much Resin ill need in total? is it your standart 50/50 wet mix? so the amount of resin needed is as much as the fiber weights or is it different there?
Great videos. Filmography. Pro.
Can I manufacture a 1 metre wind blade using this process or the prepreg process? What assistance could I get from you?
What about the gel gun spray and coat? The video about how to make the bonet shows you applying the gelcoat. Could i make it without the gelcoat and just apply easy release and wax?
how do you calculate required cfm for a given area to select the vacuum pump
what is the pressure reading in pressure guage?
Leave to experts
marvelous... I'm building a race-car fuel tank out of carbon fiber tomorrow and I never manufactured anything like that before!
Amazing result!
i think you can do this without the mesh... its a small piece with only 1 layer
That Peel-Ply way to expensive, gonna experiment a way around that cost.
Loved it! How much money involved to design and make first part?
Hell yeah
Do you guys sell the Gunt Tape?
Where this all materials are available in India
Is there any way that this method can be used for thermoset resins?
you can de-gas the resin by applying a vacuum (in a sealed container ).
Hello, how can I remove resin from hose? thank you
Is the peel ply resin permeable?
2 questions: Are the rubber connectors for the vacuum lines reusable, and how would you go about cleaning out the resin catch can if the resin already cures?
Which size of vacuum hoses you guys used in this video? 6mm or 8mm? Thanks!
Thank you for your reply. Time 10 to 10.43. in this process I am not able to achieve vacuum leak test. Once switch off the vacuum pump it's losses the pressure and gauge reading  shows zero. I arrested all the area. Even though it's leak when pump off. In this case what I l ll do please help me. And one more clarification,   I have used 55 grams of fibre weight, 4 layer of natural fibre , in this case how much resin I ll take in grams? I couldn't understand stand that formula and concepts what u r giving instructions data sheet. Please help me to understand
Very interessting video ! Though, i did not understand why during the sealing of the vacuum tape, you put extra tape ?
Nice video superb. I have face the problem when I de mould the vaccum bagging , peel ply stick in the product. it is difficult to remove the peel ply. Many amount of resin is stick in the peel ply while pull out the peel ply. In product some amount of cavity is formed. What shall I do ? Any suggestions to rectify the problem please .
in this project you  didn't use gel-coat ! and in your other project ( Car Hood)  you used it,,, what is the reason and  the deference please .   Thanks.
Thanks How creat the Master ?
Hi! Is there  any inconvenience using infusion resin instead of laminating resin in a laminate job?
What about curing(keeping in oven or autoclave?) ? And how part is solid without curing, can u pls explain
Thanks for this video! Highly informative!  Can this technique be use on boat body especially on vertical position? Thanks in advance!
Hello,  It's Efthymis from NTD Television. This video is great.  Our mission is to uplift the world through sharing Truth, Hope and Humanity.  We would like to upload it on our media pages; further details are available in this link: https://goo.gl/WHMfJQ.  Please drop me an email at efthymis.oraiopoulos[at]epochtimes.nyc  if you are the copyright owner.  Thank you very much. This is our website: www.ntd.tv/learnmore
Thank you for the information and a decent video.
Can you please tell me what you think about these marks on my part ? Seem like air bubbles which not blown maybe. http://i64.tinypic.com/28qyjhe.jpg  http://i64.tinypic.com/16gihz5.jpg
Anyone know where you can find a guide on what to use for weight and thickness. Im going to try and make a custom bumbers and fenders for a mustang. And then make a carbon fiber body
How can I make hollow parts(cylinder, tubes and handles) using vacuum infusion?
Hello!! In the guide to resin infusion you published online, it says: " The vacuum pump should stay on for the duration of the cure cycle. Don’t be tempted to turn it off until the part is fully cured. " However, in this video you just said the opposite. what should we do?? Thanks!
Did you change the infusion mesh material from when this video was made and until now? My material is white and very very stiff (plastic) When I de-mold it is impossible to tear off. I have to use pliers and try to rip it apart because the peel ply and mesh are just as hard as the cured resin. Any suggestions?
Why not put the Resin into a vacuum container and suck out the air ? arent you introducing alot of air back into your bag that could make small air gaps in your part and make it look porous ?
Excellent videos!   Would be interesting to hear your thoughts on Basalt fiber: http://www.temp.speautomotive.com/SPEA_CD/SPEA2016/pdf/RF/RF2.pdf
what type of oven do you use for curing?
Hi there. I am planning to manufacture a composite tube using vacuum bag technique. However, after curing the composite, it is very difficult to remove the pipe from the mandrel. I would appreciate your advice on this issue Any possible and easy tube manufacture mthod?
Could you fit a Y piece in the vacuum line and pre-vacuum the resin to draw out air bubbles from the resin before you use it for infusing.?  Would this reduce the risk of air bubbles in the part surface?
Any reason why you don't leave the vacuum pump running to "leech out" excess resin longer than shown?
Perfect video
Thank you
Won't spiral too thin cause the resin flow through and stuck? If the object is 2m^2 to flow through.
Nice, keep sharing my friend
Does the part need to cure in a curing oven or do the new resins negate the need to do that if the part is structural (such as an aircraft wing)?  Also is it possible to craft a plexiglass box that sits on a gasket instead of having to do all the tape and bags?
Flange, trim round the flange😂. Great video, i'm off to your site to buy the gear, thanks.
is there any reason you cant just put it in a big plastic bag?  so you dont need to use the gum tape.
Hey Easy Comp guy  I would like to do my body shell after doing all the removable panels has this been done ?
What kind of Vaccuum Pump , should I choose ? (such as how many L/min , how many BAR. ) you have a specification recommend for me. Thankyou very much for answer
How do You control the volume fiber fraction in a vacuum infusion ?
This is what i do for a living. Cool to see how other people do this process
I've noticed some heated debates on the web consisting of which is better; infusion or baking?  My plans: After watching a good deal of your videos and seeing how easy it is to work with composet materials, I want to make some for my car. The trouble is, it's a cabriolét and unibody, so even though the exterior panels aren't structural, they still stiffen and flex with the chassis (1997 MX-5). I want to make new qtr panels because my car does have cancer (rust) forming. But once that's done, I want to paint it to match the car.  Infusion or baking? Do either of these methods produce a strong part or does it matter? I'm thinking- there's got to be a reason why there are two methods.
Do you know where I can have custom molds like the one you are using made?   Im needing about 6-8 different molds made for some projects I will be doing.
Very thorough explanation , thanks for this mate !
Would this process work in the automotive industry?
What materials you use for your mold? Thank you :)
Aircraft wings construction? Is it possible?
Where can i get a roll of this infusion mesh?
very bad instruction video...
Hello! Awesome tutorial! I wanted to ask how to achieve the same surface finish if we use a male mold and vacuum infusion? As the texture of peel ply is reflected onto the finish side of the product... is there a way to bring out the same finish as in a female mold..? Thank you
I have a question what Kit or kits do I need to buy from your page to be able to mold and finish a cf part, I'm looking to buy a kit but don't know what parts or kits I need to get...
how to do infusion process in closed hollow part? does it need any extra care or something?
do you have video this vacuum metode for sandwich composite ?
Can you use a prepreg for the first visible layer combined with additional dry carbon layers for infusion? The goal being a perfectly even weave using infusion
With this work with Kevlar as well?
Do I need to calculate the epoxy resin volume to carbon fibre content for resin infusion? I usually use 60% carbon fibre to 40% epoxy resin when doing wet lay up. Not sure if I just need to make excess epoxy mixture for infusion as I see there are remaining epoxies in the input container
You're in luck, yes, we do. However, it's an older video that we made under out Carbon Mods brand. Here's the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKrl1PPvliQ
do you have a video on how you made the style of mold used in this video?
I'm curious, is it possible to get the same finish by using this process on a round layup? Specifically for a carbon fiber or fiberglass tube for a rocket.
how to get the vacuum nozzle on bag . what is it's name ??
I see in the video you sre using 4 layers of carbon to achieve a 1mm thick product. Whats the maximum amount of layers to use in this process? I need a part ideally 3-4mm thick. Thanks in advance.
that looks fantastic...
do a foam core
hi good video. Just have one question: why didnt you use a vacuum chamber to get the gas out of the resin?
is there any heating step in this process?
Hi! Great video... Could you share the technical specifications of the vacuum pump used? Thanks!
https://www.hackster.io/rsj/carbon-fiber-vacuum-chamber-a016c3?utm_campaign=shared&utm_medium=52c2b78108e9&utm_source=facebook  We've made a Carbon Fiber Vacuum Chamber for more complex parts
how many pinholes do you get?
Hi  How to select the vaccum pump (power, air flow) to area, capacity of project?
Thanks a lot for yours tutorial videos . How I can calculate the right quantitative of epoxy resin for a carbon component by infusion method ? best regards. Roberto
Sir /ma'am what is the material of mold used in this video...?
What would be better to use for a bonnet with vents in the middle? Prepreg or infusion method?
Hi Thanks for the super videos, current project I require to make a sandwich layered 4 feet diameter tube. The intention is to vacuum bag the mould.Would it be possible to use a piece of Perspex as a mould with the appropriate reinforcingon the back of the curved Perspex sheet. Will the resin effect the sheetthanks
So what is better? resin infusion or prepreg?
awsome thanks :-)
Would it be possible to emulate all the wooden parts of a mandolin out of carbon fibre using this method. Would it be strong enough to handle the bending forces involved in musical instruments. I have full wooden plans of a mandolin and would love to use this process instead of wood. One of difficulties I can see is sticking the parts together. As it would have to be a series of individual parts. Any suggestions or info on this would appreciate it.
Hi! Thank you so much this video, it helps a lot how make it easy. But can you give me an idea of how much is the ideal weight of sound box of cello?
Will you guys plan on doing a fender of a car?
Thank you very much for the useful video. Do you ship the release agent to Jordan? Also, what is the type of release agent you are using (Easy-Lease Chemical Release Agent or Easy-Lease Mould Cleaner)? Are these release agents water based or not? Thank you
Thank you so much for the video. Very helpful... in fact the only one I could find that clearly explained the whole vacuum resin infusion process! I do have a question though... why not clamp the line that is connected to the resin and let the vacuum pump pull out ALL of the excess resin into the catch pot?
i saw that the piece that you've made out of carbon fiber was shacking,  what i got to do to make it become a rigid part?
Hi! thanks for the video!! I have a question, wich type of cloth it's the peel ply??
Hi I have a very important question if anyone can answer thank you very much, so me and my have followed all the procedures and somehow the bag still loses pressure after the vacuum is turned off, we've checked everywhere for leaks and everything is sealed perfectly, does anyone know what our problem can be?? Thank you
You should have included the price of producing the part.
You should have clamped  on the pump side of the of the hose and you could have checked for leaks with the gauge. That would have checked everything including the catch can.
Do you need to apply any release agents on the vacuum breach valve as resin will run through it?
Always top-notch How-To videos. Thank  you.
Is the easy lease stuff the only thing required before laying carbon onto the mold? In the car bonnet tutorials, you mentioned how spraying the mold with a special gel coat that cures between 3-4 horus was required before the infusion.
Can you use the resin infusion process with a raw MDF mold or would you have to coat it?
What are the steps to be followed for sandwiching aluminium honeycomb panel between layers of carbon fibre? Is the same process can be used?
Would there be a limit on the number of layers? Ie, rather than 1 or 2 layers for each part, could you do it with 6/7?
Sloppy job
so, the curing process needs 24 hours? Anyway we can short this?
Did you place the cb symmetrically so that when the vacuum and resin infusion process was  complete it was even? And not a curved or bent final product?
Can this process be used to make  a boat hull about 6ft long
Hi, great tutorial. May I have a question what is the material the mould has been made of?
Can you show how to make a car panel and how to make the clips and stuff
What would you say is best for cleaning and polishing the trimmed cut of sides and corners of the carbon fiber  part.
I really liked this video.
So you degas the resin to stop the little air bubbles getting in. But then you put a tube full of air in the pot, and draw all the air in the tube through the mold along with the resin. Am I missing something? Why isn't this a problem? But the result is great, fantastic surface.
Resin Weight Calculator App for Infusion (Android) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_erdemyalkin.ResinCalc
How powerfull vacuum pump is needed? How many cubic meters per min(or hour)? How big vacuum? You said -30 of what? Bar?﻿
There is any problem if the vacuum pump stay on for 12 hours?Do you have any valve for help not burn your pump?Thanks
Really cool. Congrats!!!
In the bonnet video, you use Lantor Soric.  Is there a "rule of thumb" on when to use Lantor Soric?  Will the part be thicker / stronger if Lantor Soric is used?
I like verymuch all the videos easycomposites uploaded, they are very informative. I'm interested to start little experiment project to make small carbon fiber parts. Do you have representatives in Indonesia, where I can buy directly the kits and materials? Thank you before.
You should try putting some release film between the transport mesh and the peel ply. It would be better to prime the infusion pipe before you start, so the air is allowed into the pipe beyond the clamp, then it was be drawn out before the resin enters, after all the transport mesh will hold quite a lot of air
Is it posible to make a fiberglass part with this infusion process??
Does this give a better and stronger results than resin coating the carbon fibre then just vacuum bagging with the absorption material
when I achieve 30 inches mercury vacuum, I can watch  many small bubbles(as if resin is boiled). Have you experienced such a thing?
hello, how i can get surface finish of both sides. I am using easy composite equipment with same steps, but surface finish of upper side is not good, secondly is there any standard to know that extra resin is removed or not.
how to contact u ? I'm in Indonesia, can i make a phone call direct to u? Need to learn much and discuss. Maybe u have online training with video conference?
What is the price of consumables for a part that size? Please do not include the price of Carbon Fiber or resin.
Silly question maybe, but since you know that the resin will gain a lot of air bubbles and you aren't using the vacuum pump on the bag at the time of mixing, why not hook up a vacuum pad to the mixing cup and pull the air bubbles out that way?
What kind of layout did you do? +45,0,90,-45 ? Can't tell what warp direction was. Thanks
What is your mold made of it looks like plastic or is it fiberglass with a green gel coat?
Easycompositestv;  I didn't understand the step at 05:40?
I just wanted to make sure that with this starter kit everything is included, vacuum, catch can and the bags and mesh. Would I be able to make a carbon fiber hood with this kit? And how much for the starter kit?
How powerfull vacuum pump is needed? How many cubic meters per min(or hour)? How big vacuum? You said -30 of what? Bar?
Fantastic instruction, you make so clear and easy to take on board. Excellent
Very informative, thank you very much. I have one question however, in your starter kit you include the breather layer, I was wondering why you didn't use that in this video, thanks.
Fantastic, awesome, and other superlatives!
what material is the mold made from?
We will certainly note your suggestions for future videos. We are hoping to film some more videos over the coming months to showcase some new products as well as more advanced processes.
Hate to ask but could you guys do a vid for a little more complex mold? Like a rear fairing for a street bike. Something like for a 2000/2010. Something with some trickier curves on it. Thanks even If you ignore this. The rest of your Vids are really helpful.
Can you make me a front splitter for my m3?
Can you make a video that shows how to make a mold for the vacuum infusion process
You can slow the resin flow using a line clamp on the resin feed.  Alternatives are additional resin feed ports and or creative use of the infusion spiral and mesh to ensure the resin gets where you need it.
Resin infusion has been successfully used on a large scale for boat hulls, aircraft parts etc so it is theoretically possible. Obviously you would need to approach your FAA representative for advice to ensure your work complies with the necessary standards.
Yes you can do that and it will not have any negative impact on the infusion.
I have this problem when I infuse a part the resin tends to flow faster on the top side of the part comparing with the bottom side (I guess cos it takes time to penetrate through the layers of fibres). the result is that some area at the bottom is fibres without resin. I keep pump on and resin flowing until it starts getting gel-like.  Could u suggest how this problem can be overcome? thanks.
I might have missed something on your site, but you might want to offer a American dollar website as going to a converter all the time gets old.
can this process be used on a large scale. I want to design and create an all carbon fiber composite aircraft that is FAA regulation 103 compliant. the car bonnet videos are good. I would like to see a training video from your company on your channel that I subscribe too (no pressure just respectfully requesting). You all do an outstanding job on your training vids on you tube. thank you very much.
can you use the your degasing system to degas the the mixed resin just before you infuse and thereby cutdown the ten minutes to begin the infusion. also will it affect the resin mixture in any way.
Thanks, I was wondering the same thing.
One more question, once you have done the infusion, after clamping both ends, do you leave the vacum pump on? I've been been trying to make few panels however they've got a lot of voids. It would be really helpful if you can tell me how to minimise voids. Thank you very much.
The resin is our IN2 infusion resin.
Yes, before we draw the resin through.
quick question, what vacuum specs would you need to start doing this?
Hi, in this video, what type of Epoxy resin do you use on your product range? Thanks
Do you turn on the vacum pump after ensuring that the bag is completely sealed again? after 10:17? Help needed . Thanks in Advance
You can still use a moulding process and resin infusion if needs be.  It would be very fiddly to do on small tubes.  Large diameter tubes could be done around either a mandrel or a split moulding.
To do it with cylinders you need a lot of bag so you have no voids in the centre of the mould. Its not an ideal way to make tubes.  Most larger tubes are made using a roll wrapping process.
Won't let me add my vid here, checkout my vids.
Here's a mix done with a speed mixing machine designed to minimise entrained gas (i.e. nothing is stirred or shaken, i it's all done by rotation) that is totally transparent and no apparent bubbles until a vacuum is pulled on it (and not even a particularly high level of vac).
1) Yes, it's absolutely VITAL to actively degas the resin beforehand - just letting the visible bubbles rise isn't at all acceptable if you want to ensure you have no voids. this can be seen by the foamy resin coming out of the exit tube - dissolved gases will be expanding throughout the whole structure if you're not lucky.
You can degas the resin if you wish, but letting it stand for a few minutes gets rid of most of the large bubbles. Most of the rest are drawn out by the vacuum pump during infusion.  The Aimed for ratio is 60:40 fibre/resin.  If you leave the vacuum pump on continuously then you can suck out too much resin ruining the surface finish.
Using a heat gun or hair dryer can make the resin runny to fill spaces and get rid of the air bubbles.
5) Would the constant sucction according to point 4) harm the product such as it would draw out too much resin   [I only know the method where the pump is on for the duration of the drying process in order to avoid even an infinite small leak and to achieve the utmost possible resin-fiber ratio]!  6) Any other experience you want to share on this matter? :)  Thanks a lot in advance and appologize my humble English.  BR from Austria
A few questions:  1) Would it help to degas the resin actively (via vacuum) in order to achieve a better result (air bubbles, etc.)? 2) If you cut the resin outflow as shown, what resin-fiber ratio do you achieve? 3) When closing vaccum hose as soon as a mix of resin and air is getting in, where resides the residual air inside and why does it not harm the product/laminate via bubbles? 4) Would leaving the vaccum hose open (pump on) after cutting resin inflow achieve a better resin-fiber ratio?
very well done, huge!
informative and helpful. XDDD
is this process "dry carbon"?
I have a 3 cfm pump.  Will that be good enough?
How strong does the pump have to be? Will 0.8bar be enough or not? Same size project.
You don't need a clear gelcoat?
great job chief... thanks for sharing... very pro job...  good tools, good materials, good mold...
what is the weight or volume ratio,between the resin quantity and the fiberglass or carbon sheets?All i mean,how much resin has to be prepared(mixed) in order to "wet" the cloth and not be wasted? Thanks.
That is why if you do it yourself you can save a lot of money and using a tutorial like ours, its not hard to understand the process and even a complete newbie with a bit of practice will start making nice parts.
jeez the labor for a carbon fiber part is sooo much more then i thought, no wonder its so expensive
awsome
What is the mould preparation procedure used for this tool? I.e. what did you use for the sealing coat? ...and also, what tooling block was used for the tool?
@gaucholon It's a 2/2 twill, 200g, 3k fibre we use here. 2/2 twill drapes nicely so it drops into the compound shape of this part easily, 200g 3k is nice and light so again it's easy to conform it to the mould.
@bogeyboy4044 We have a video where we make a mould using the same materials that this mould is made from. It's not the same mould but the process is the. It's a Carbon Mods video.
Then there's no way that your parts will. Providing it does then if you use PVA for example then this gloss finish will be spoilt. By using Easy-Lease chemical release agent we maintain that gloss and ensure that parts will come out of the mould with a high gloss finish.
@gaucholon Yes, in a way. The most important thing is that this mould has a high gloss finish. If it doesn't
@jnnojpuy Yes, we ship to the US. Because of shipping regulations, there is a surcharge to pay if your order includes 'dangerous goods' but our website will calculate this automatically and show you the shipping cost on the checkout page.
Actually?
holy wow. i am a composites expert now.
2:04 it's butyl tape :P
ridiculous lol
what is the total price of materials( resing, carbon, and mould)?
Do you have a video where you are making the mold?
do you guys ship your supplies to the u.s.
The only way to use the resin infusion process to create a double-A sided part (smooth finish both sides) would be to use a matched mould (so a front mould and a back mould) and then use an internal flow medium that the resin could flow through. The one we use most often is Lantor Soric (you'll see it used in our bonnet making video series), this means you don't need mesh for the resin to infuse through the part and so you can have a closed mould (like with RTM) allowing for a double A side.
Yes, you can do this. You might actually still find that peel ply would be fine as rather than using a perforated film which you could then paint with a 2k paint and flat to get your smooth surface. It only takes a single coat of paint to fill the texture of a peel-ply into a smooth finish. The other film to consider would be a breadwrap which is much more perforated than a P3 perforated film and so would be less restricting on resin flow.
Haha! Yes, they are good shears! They're made specially for us by William Whiteley of Sheffield. The blade angle is specifically for carbon fibre and then our touch was to have the serration put on the upper blade not the lower blade so that they slide through carbon without snagging it accidentally. PTFE coating keeps them sharper longer too. You'll find them on the Easy Composites website.
That's how you do it son. Excellent demo. One question. Who makes those badass scissors and where can I buy them? I have several sizes and brands for different applications but god almighty the sound those make is music to my ears. Probably not so laboring on the hands too I bet. Nice vid.
What i'm planning to do is make a foamcore wing for an rc aircraft.... it's quite easy to shape the foam, and then vacuum bag it with composites, as this has been done before numerous times... the only thing i want to do different is use vacuum infusion instead of wet layup. But i think ill just use perforated release film and then polish away the tiny dots made by it.
@jibblesmgee well i would wrap it around a foam core, wich will not be removed
how do you plan to shape your part without a mold?  I guess you could do a few simple shapes like wrapping around an object, but you would have a hard time using a vaccuum technique with that, and it probably wouldn't turn out very good.
What if i don't want to use a mold?( or get a good finish at both sides so not use peelply)?
We sell every single material used in this video so if you're after 'Infusion Mesh' then please just take a look on our website in the Vacuum Bagging Consumables category - you'll find it listed there and very cheap too.
Yes, we got a pin-hole free, high gloss surface finish (flick the video to 'High Definition' mode and you should be able to see this). That's the difference between how we do resin infusion we our equipment and resin and how other people do it - in a sense, that's the point of this video to show that it can, reliable, be done if you follow all the steps. Take a look at the TDS for our IN2 infusion resin (link on our website) for all the specifications, including viscosity. It's an amazing resin!
Yes, dead-right. It's 200gsm 2/2 twill 3k fibre. It's pretty much the most common weave and weight of carbon fibre. If you're having any trouble sourcing it then please get in touch with us, we stock thousands of metres and offer next-day delivery.
Bagging tape will stick to PVA OK but remember that you could quite easily accidentally pull the PVA off the mould if you weren't careful. The PVA's bond to the bond is very weak (it's a release agent after all) and so when you're bagging down you can have the PVA come away from the mould which would cause a leak and spoil everything.
Hi Don, I'll certainly bare this in mind. I'm not sure that making composite wheels is really a project for general enthusiasts, there's some very real precision required. Certainly assembling multi-component parts is something that we've started covering more with our recent tutorials (the bonnet/hood making guide for example) and we'll have more soon. Stay tuned!
After you make the part? - Yes, because otherwise you'll have an oversized part with a rough edge. Trimming parts is always an essential step at the end.
Hi, I think we've spoken to you now but if not, please drop me another email. Use our sales@ email address in case that should come through fine.
Hello guys i emailed you to buy this kit but 1 week and you do not reply.
Amazing!  How about a tutorial on making a part sized oven.  what I would like to build is multi part, how about bonding of structural parts to carbon and non carbon parts.  One project Th think many of us would enjoy is that of making bicycle wheels, Aluminium rim hoops, aluminium hubs, etc.  Thank you again!  wow
OUCH!  No gloves when you pull the part out?  I would get carbon splinters if I did that.
bump..... I'm also wondering this?  Does the tape stick well to pva?
yes prevents excessive resin
Hi, Ive made mine infusion of carbon fibre. Manage to draw air bubbles but facing up a 'depressed carbon pattern. is it vacuum pressure issue?I apply it @ 20"Hg..
how did you make that green mold? I wanna make a Carbon Door for My Z4 M
Could you provide a link to a provider for the mesh used? Or an idea of the product name? Thanks
Won't applying release agent all around your mould prevent the sealant tape and masking tape from sticking onto the mould?
Wouldn't it be easier with this small of a part to just use an entire plastic bag that holds the entire mold inside it? Then just place the in and out leads in a good way. Also, have you tested with different amounts of resin in for example this mold? To see how it affects strength and weight. Perhaps you could produce a chart pointing to how much resin one should pump out (based on what atributes you want from the part)?
If you're making a flat sheet then a sheet of glass is perfect because they're hard to scratch, have a fantasticaly flat, glossy surface and are cheap and easy to get hold of. Prepare the sheet of glass using a chemical release agent (to stop the resin from sticking to it) and you should be fine.
You mean the vacuum bag sticking to the infusion mesh? - Well, it just doesn't stick; epoxy resin doesn't stick to our vacuum bagging film and so there's no need for any preparation.
Even using this type of mixer arrangement it's quite difficult to ensure there is no airation of the resin. Generally, we don't ever find a problem with it but if it's a concern or is causing problems then the only foolproof method would be to vacuum degass the resin, either in the catch-pot itself (being careful how you put that in and out of the system) or in a dedicated vacuum degassing chamber. We sell these on our website.
You need a split-mould and then, like Johnx says, you need something creating positive pressure on the inside, consoldating the fibre and resin to the outside of the tube. Once it's cured you would separate the two halves of the mould to get the part out and extract the bladder/expanding core from the inside of the tube. Composite tubes, particularly where the outside is the 'A' side are pretty complicated.
I have no idea how this could cause a leak in the vacuum seal, sorry, but that's wrong. The air that is in the line connecting the resin to the bag should be minimised as much as possible but it will get drawn out by the pump. You use an extra clamp to clamp off the line right at the point where the resin is but as you can see (there's no trickery here) we get a perfect product doing it exactly this way.
Yes, they definately are. If you visit our forum; talkcomposites you'll find people making quad rotor bodies, dynamic soarers and all sorts of other RC planes where they're using resin infusion to make incredibly strong and light laminates.
Anyone using this process to build RC planes, gliders etc.
how would one make a tube with the outside of the tube being the nice part? I have yet to see a video of this and it is putting me off. I know it can be done.
In addition to pulling a vacuum on the resin to get the air out before infusing the part, I've seen guys make a mixer that uses a rotating magnet under the resin container and a metal bar inside the resin so you don't introduce air into the resin by hand mixing.
whats stops the vacuum bag from stickig the the breather? or do you wax the bag aswell?
Very good video. Thanks!!!!!!!!!!
I have door trims which has the stretch leather-look vinyl come away from the contoured door cards(age of glue) would bagging be a way of refixing by eliminating air pockets?
Which material do you use for the mould? I usually use a plate of aluminium but now I'm gonna try with a plate of glass.
have you experience building carbon fiber over another object like plastic without using a vacuum bag.  Just letting it dry for 24 hours. I have tried several times and not  having any luck. The parts dry uneven and the edge are all mess up. Any tips
Is the inner surface of the part as smooth as outer surface? I mean, in infusion process can we obtain both side (inner,outer) perfect surfaces?
If you don't apply a vacuum then the resin won't be drawn through the part and so nothing would happen, you'd just have a mould with some dry carbon cloth in, just like when you put it there!
-1 bar or -1000mbar or as near as you can possibly get. 99.99% vacuum is what our pump pulls and this is really what we would say you need. Anything less than an almost total vacuum will have a negative impact on the surface finish of your parts - the tell-tale sign generally being pin holes in the surface or tiny air bubbles in the laminate. Infusing under a near total vacuum will eliminate this.
Yes, definately. Lots of our customers do this and they say it improves their results. Strangely we've never needed to do this and we always get bubble-free perfect results but so many of them do it that there must be something in it. The catch-pot itself is generally what people use as a degassing chamber. You could degass several smaller batches in there if you had a lot of resin to do.
The mould, the RICs, the hose from the pump to the catch-pot, the catch-pot and pump (of course), that's about it. If you're really pushed, sometimes people re-use the vacuum bag but that's really a lot more trouble than it's worth. Your chemical release agent is semi-permenant so you probably won't need to apply that each time. The rest is disposable.
Hi, We use Perma-Grit tools which are tungsten carbide tools (like tile cutting tools). They're fantastic and last forever (you'll find a good range of them on our website). You would to the initial cut with a permagrit wheel in a dremmel and then finish the edge using a permagrit sanding block (or just some coarse abrasive paper wrapped round a block) before finishing the edge smooth by using finer grits of abrasive paper. A black wax crayon does a nice job of sealing and polishing a cut edge.
What happens If I dont apply vaccum,that I applies the resin and keep it to dry for 24hrs...?
what pressure should be used? in mbar?
Couldn't you put the resin into a de-gassing chamber first instead of just leaving it out?
Hi - which of the components are re-usable in this method - the mold, the RICs? Anything else?
well i'm convinced ! I think i'm starting a new hobby here ! Thanks guys!
Hi How do you cut the carbon fiber to give it a smooth edge after its molded, and what type of cutter do you recommend?
This is the best tutorial I have seen on this process! Very detailed step by step. Thanks !
Total quality. Thanks. :)
@matthieutje65 : Peel ply on the inside and outside will certainly give you a none glossy finish but it will be reasonably textured by the peel-ply. If that's what you're after then it's fine, if you just want a smooth, none-glossy finish then you might want to just use a scoth-pad on the finished part to rub the gloss away. I'm not sure what the optimium resin uptake is on flax but I think it's around 50% by weight to weigh the reinforcement and plan for the same weight in resin.
i'm planning to do a vacuum resin infusion with 16 layers of flaxfiber, I have a few questions:  1. I would like to have a non-glossy finish so I use the following set-up; peel ply, 16layers of flaxfiber, peel ply, green mesh? 2. How can I know how much resin I need?
@raining0724 : The mould used in this video is made of epoxy tooling gelcoat (the bright green finish that you see) and then backed up (reinforced) with epoxy mould making putty. Both of these materials are included in our Mould Making Starter Kit or can be purchased separately. The import thing (if you're going to use a chemical release like we do in this video) is to ensure that the mould's surface is made of epoxy, otherwise an epoxy part may stick in the mould.
Hi,  What is the mold made of? Thank you
@easycompositestv Thanks for the response! But I have another question, where could I get molds? Would they most likely have to be custom made or is there a place I could go to and purchase them? Or is there a place that would have both molds already made but, if needed, can be custom made as well?
@xzu : We tend to trim all our parts with a Dremel using a Perma-Grit tungsten carbide wheel - they're amazing and last forever. Never trim using anything with 'teeth', always a gritted edge instead; teeth will chip the composite around the cut line. Once trimmed we use a Perma-Grit block to smooth the edge and then finish with different grits of abrasive paper (up to about 800). To finish either the part is lacquered or we just wax it and leave it at that.
@Zyworski : You can degass but we've never found it neccesary. If you do, you need to be very careful that the resin does not exotherm in the pot whilst degassing causing it to gel prematurely. You need to be infusing 10 mins after mixing at the latest. The RICs (resin infusion connectors) are connected to the tube inside the bag, ours are designed for a 9mm OD tube to be pushed into them. Since the connector is *inside* the bag though, it doesn't have to be an airtight seal.
@vr6k3 : 'Post Curing' at elevated temperature is an excellent way to improve the mechanical properties and the Tg/HDT (glass transition temp/heat distortion temp) of a carbon part. The recommended post-cure cycle depends on the resin. With our infusion resin the recommended post-cure is 8hrs at 60*C which gives a HDT of 90*C. You can post-cure in the mould (even still vacced down) or demould first. If you demould first you'll need to ramp the temp up very slowly to avoid distortion.
@Maticus07 : Yes, certainly. In fact, if you are planning to make a whole car body I woun't suggest any other process - infusion would be the most cost effective way to make a top quality carbon body, or, something we don't really show in this video, infusion is also fantastic for a glass reinforced body, infused with epoxy resin - it would be about half the weight (or less) of a normal wet-lay CSM polyester equivelent.
You say "actually" a whole lot in this tutorial.  To be precise, 41 times.  Just amused me :)     Great process!  Some sites charge for their  videos like this.  Thanks for posting!
Is it possible to make a whole body of a car this way given you have all the proper molds? By that I mean doors, roof, and the rest of the body.
@easycompositestv : Thanks for the fast response. My concern has more to do with humidity once the fibreglass is very hygroscopic. I know that regarding to room humidity the lower the better, but  what is the range of acceptable and not harmfull values ​​in a composites shop? 0% to 50% is acceptable? What is the upper limit? Will it be 60%, 70% or 80% or any other value in between?
@Shadow383 : No, not with infusion. Even if you keep the vac running constantly (i.e. never clamp it off) with the resin feed line closed you will only draw off a slight amount more resin. You'll probably lose the glossy surface and have some small pits (pin holes) and it will be slightly lighter but it certainly won't be porous.
@RiMartinsRi : Yes, definately. We'll make a video to show how it's done but basically you need to perforate the foam core (approx 15mm centres, 3mm holes) all the way across its surface. The resin will then make its way along the top skin (guided by the infusion mesh) and then drop down through the holes to wet out the bottom skin. We make a very large table (with a 30mm core) in this way and it infuses perfectly. You can get core material that is ready-perforated for infusion.
@RiMartinsRi : For the purposes of most composites 'room tempertaure' is assumed to be 20 degrees C. You'll find that pot-life and cure times are generally quoted for 20C or 25C, lower temperatures will slow down the cure (and elongate the pot-life) a lot, much below 15C and you're in danger of many epoxies not curing properly at all. For general composites the lower the humidy it the better. Only condensation cure silicones and some 1-part adhesives need humidy to cure.
@zliminator : Because the infusion is done under a full vacuum any 'air pockets' caused by the fibre 'bridging' wouldn't actually be 'air' pockets, they would literally be *empty* (no air or anything in them). Then, when the resin is allowed to flow into the part it will automatically want to fill these empty places with resin (because the resin is a path to ambient air pressure so it's effectively pressurised). The most likely thing, if you have 'voids' is that these will fill with resin.
@DanFrederiksen : Well, yes and no! - Generally we would have the pattern machined by CNC. We would then wipe a special 'mould sealer' over the pattern, build up a few layers, and then apply the release agent, then gel coat, then reinforcement to that. In the part you see in this video the gelcoat is the green surface you see on the mould, underneith that (which you can't see) is a mould making putty.... then you're ready to do the infusion!
This is so amazing I am gonna buy this kit and watch this video 100 times.
Excelent video and tutorial.   Is it possible to do vacuum  resin infusion on a sandwish foam core part?
I've made this question several times and no one provided a clear response: what is the ideal room temperature and humidity in a composites shop?
I can foresee a problem (although I've never done this) with too much resin going threw the part and pockets of air being left. How likely is that to happen? Or would those air pockets eventually be pulled out by letting more resin run threw it and just catching it in the reservoir?
@easycompositestv thx
@easycompositestv I assume that's still very far from a mold at that stage though. you could show the process in a video. that would be quite interesting
@DanFrederiksen : We use a company called Pentaxia in Derby (UK). They do machining for F1 teams and work to the highest standards possible. They machined an epoxy tooling block (we supplied the block) that was 30cm x 80cm which we'd arranged patterns for 5 induction funnel rings onto for less than £200. If you think that it would take maybe 3 days to hand-work those patterns and the finished result would be nowhere near as accurate then I'd say that's good value.
@SquirrelFromGradLife : The post curing will certainly depend on the resin system. The resin we recommend can be used without a post-cure or, for improved TG and mechanicals an 8hr cure at 60C (which is pretty easy to undertake) is the only post-cure it needs. Optimal resin to fibre ratio isn't really determined by the fibre or resin, it's basically somewhere pretty close to 40% resin / 60% fibre when you're working with carbon fibre.
@easycompositestv what is 'not that expensive' ? because it's my impression that it's often very expensive although prices vary greatly
@easycompositestv Good to know and its quite a nice thing for a single person operation to be able to make carbon fiber parts like that. But does the optimum resin amount and post curing not depend a lot on what kind of cloth and resin used?
@ariffoys : Apart from at the end of the process where we clamp off both lines it's essential to conduct the infusion under total vacuum. If you had a leak (even one you later patched up with tape) then this could well have an impact on the resin ratio and surface finish of the finished part. From what you describe (and given the thickness of your reinforcement) it sounds like you needed to leave the vacuum running longer and draw more resin out of the part before clamping off.
@DanFrederiksen : If you're starting with a CAD model the first thing would be to have the pattern CNC routed from tooling block (probably a high density polyurethane block) by a CNC company. It's not that expensive and they can work straight from Solidworks files. You would then hand finish and seal the pattern before setting up any flanges/barriers, coating it in release agent and then covering it in an epoxy tooling gelcoat and reinforcing the back with resin and glass or mould making putty.
@SquirrelFromGradLife : You're unlikely to find a resin-to-fibre ratio lower than 40% resin; pre-preg is generally around 40-42.5%, infusion will always yeild around the 40% mark. Much lower resin ratios would actually jeopardise the structual performance of the composite because there is actually an optimum amount of resin, not just 'less is better'. Regarding post-curing, you can post-cure our infusion resin to improve the mechanicals but it wouldn't change the process for the infusion itself.
@DanFrederiksen: Well, the first problem is that even with careful 'wet layup' your resin ratio will vary from part to part, reducing the consistency. Without any vacuum consoldation and great care you're likely to achieve something like 55-60% resin by weight using traditional wet-lay. Less careful laminating will be 60%+ plus resin (by weight) which is a very different laminate in terms of performance.
I was trying to make a part  with carbon fiber (12 layers) and  the  problem I found was after 1 hr, at a sharp corner of the spiral wrap I found a leakage  which dropped the pressure from 27 mm Hg to 20 mm Hg, but I immediately repaired it with the sealant tape and it was maintained constantly at 27mm Hg afterwords, do u think it was the problem for getting a part with no resin at the bottom? there was resin left when the infusion was completed. was the part too thick for the infusion process?
BEST TUTORIAL EVER COMPLIMENTS FROM ITALY  :)
@koenrad but that's copying a part. which is easy. I meant a mold from CAD for instance
@DanFrederiksen ?v=qKrl1PPvliQ&NR=1
Wow, now I understand why carbon fiber parts are so expensive. Great tutorial thanks.
a video on how to make the mold would be interesting. getting it smooth must be important and the right surface material
this seems very elaborate compared to just direct wet lay up. if this is 60:40, what can you get with careful wet lay up?
@dytch2220 The industrial applications you see at automotive and aeronautical industries use another types of resin that requires heating for a stronger structural bond plus they use a lower resin to cloth ratio creating stronger parts. Further more the part thickness of structural members requires a heat treatment to insure proper curing of the entire part. Heating speeds up the curing process so instead of leaving the part overnight the curing of thick structural member takes mere hours.
awsome video thanks man
I was impressed as to the quality of the video we should all be so thorough. Thank you
@fooking1990 : Well, resin infusion is the exact way that the big aftermarket companies make their carbon fibre bonnets so if you want to make your own bonnet then this process is certainly the way to go. In terms of complexity bonnets are physically a large job (so more material and a large mould to make) but the upper moulding is a simple shape and easy to get right. There is an inner moulding too which is made in the same way but is a more involved mould to make. Contact us if you're serious.
@dytch2220 : Yes, you could certianly use resin infusion to make structual parts. Furthermore, parts made using resin infusion could be made to have structual properties equal to those of parts made from pre-preg carbon. The actual part made in this video weighs in at 60% fiber, 40% resin. Many of the pre-pregs we use are 60/40 so the fiber content (giving strength to the composite) is the same. There's no room to explain all the pros and cons of the processes but get in touch for further info.
Would this method be suitable for structural carbon fiber automotive parts or is another method necessary?  I've heard that automobile manufacturers us a process that involves a large autoclave.  What's the purpose/benefit of this method and is it necessary?
@apelabs1 : When using an epoxy gel and polyester to reinforce the mould (not a conventional system but it does work) I would recommend 'double gelling' with the epoxy (just a few hours between the two layers) then letting that FULLY cure before reinforcing with polyester resin and CSM. No need to a polyester gel. As for the pre-pregs we'll suggest a 75 degree curing pre-preg, vacuum only (no autoclave). A vac pump and a decent but simple 'hot box' oven is all that's needed.
I'm going to make a mould using an epoxy gelcoat but with polyester resin and glass reinforcement, after the epoxy gelcoat has fully cured do i need to add a polyester gelcoat or go straight to resin and glass? RE: Prepreg, is this low temp curing? hot box? oven?
@apelabs1 : Thank you. We've got lots more 'in the making' including pattern making, split moulding, advanced resin infusion (where the mould is a larger or more awkward shape or when you want to co-infuse a core material like infusion grade Nidaplast or closed cell PVC foam) and, rather excitingly, a how to do your own pre-preg/dry carbon fibre parts (yes, it's perfectly do-able).
@thessolonki : Yes, that's right. That's why it's so important to make sure the seal is perfect. Many companies (ourselves included at first) used to cure the part with the vac still running but we find that this bleeds out too much resin and leaves the parts with very tiny pin-holes on the surface. The process we developed in order to make parts with a perfect finish was to get the seal right and then clamp BOTH lines once the infusion is complete. That's the secret to this technique!
seeing you had no leaks did you actually let the mould cure without the  vacum pump running ?
im ready to buy the kit but what can i add before or after to potect the carbon from the uv's of the sun as its for a boat  ?
Excellent tutorial, looking forward to more videos!
