11 years out, is there an update?  A different approach that I’ve thought about is using a construction product that is designed to protect foundations from moisture by creating a drainage layer. The impermeable layer would keep the moisture in and the permeable layer would keep the soil in the center but air would be able to enter the space in between and prune the roots.
Very informative thanks
New to your channel and to gardening. Where did you get the blue containers from? They look a lovely size for my backyard.
why would ppl in some parts of the world use the term pawpaw for papaya, when there is a completely different plant/fruit that already has that name claimed? it's not so much harder to say papaya..
Great video. I will definitely try this 😊😊❤
melt the slits w a woodburner/solder tool for these wicking air prune pots.  easy peasy. hoping to try this out soon ty rb
I’m thinking of attempting this method ✊🏾 Do you think berry bushes like raspberries & blueberries, etc would do well being potted up thus way?
Did the air pruning turn out in the long run?
Hi Rob. What material is your shade cloth made out of? Is it jute?
Like.
Hi Rob, i have just watched this video & was wondering how did this work out. Did the pawpaw grow & fruit, is it still growing if not how long did it last any information or a update in your next video would be appreciated. Thank you.
Why do roots die off near edge ,could it be the sunlight ,uv not the open air ?
There could be an easier way to do this
could you do this with avocado tree ? mango tree?
Where do you get your wet pots of
Looks like a great idea. How has this set up worked overtime ?  thanks for the vid.
What material are you used to cover around the pot in side, is carton ? Thanks.
Hey Rob. I love the idea of combining air pruning and SIP / wicking pots. Have you considered making an air pruning IBC wicking bed?
What size perforated drain pipe would you recommend for a 5gallon bucket? Would it make much difference to have the holes on the side slightly lower than the top of the drain pipe to allow air pruning from the bottom too?
what fabric did you use on this video? Any links to buy?
Hi thanks for the detailed explanation. One question so, why don’t you put the grow media all the way down to the reservoirs?
Could you please tell me more about the socks watering technique
Hey Rob, fellow Ipswich resident here 😉. Really keen to try this out and was wondering how the system is performing now that it is a few years down the track? P.S. Just finishing up another pair of wicking IBC's while we are in semi confinement and tried out the milk crates for the reservior. Looks good so far.
I'm new to gardening and completely lost.... How does the water get to the plants?
Shade cloth. Cool.
Had this thought after setting up several typical wicking containers and wanted to know if it was at all practical, now I know.  Good stuff.
That is very informative video and i'm going to try it...
Hey rob how that tree doing? Do they last in a barrel?
Marvelous. Cheers from Ottawa, Canada.
Do you think air pruning would work enough by simply drilling lots of much smaller holes in pot (eg 1/4 inch or 1cm)? Have U ever tried it or seen where anyone else has?
Hi Rob in this episode I did not see how you set the air layer of the holes to the size of the pipes?
Love that you try new things. Thank you.
How does the wicking from the sand to the grow bag compare to the soil wicking of a typical wicking barrel?  I live in Texas and my intuition would say that in the dead of summer it wont supply water for very long without evaporating from the sides of the grow bag (might not be usable for berries/tomatoes/peppers)
Your barrel looks like a washing basket... save yourself a lot of drilling.
Hey Rob. Couldn’t find an update on how this system worked. Do you believe it is worth while doing still. Thanks  Love your work.
Where can I find the wet pots? I've done many searches and am not finding what you've got. Thanks!
Anything hollow.  Typo
If all you’re doing is creating a reservoir with the ag pipe why not use some other space occupying material like old bottles , pots , anhinga hollow?
I don't understand the point of the hose .. Would the soil not wick the water  ? If you had rocks or perlite ,that would make seance.
Hi I am really impressed with this method of growing. Because of space issues in th UK I would like to try it. Only problem is, will plants survive in th e UK winters. I am on the old side and repotting often is back breaking for me, so this seems a good idea, because I often take a plant out of a pot only to find these circled roots. Hope you could give me some info, because the English don't have much on YT. Thanks for your practical ideas, must be because you are from the right side of the world, I am South African and we seem to be more logic than the English. Always home sick.
Would  you be able to do this system with almond trees?
Sar can we use shade net instead of any clothe inside air pruning pot??
I think you mean hermaphrodite!
Is there an update on these
Excellent video thanks a lot
I've been watching heaps of ur videos over the yrs (which are great), but I'm wondering why ur planting in pots so much rather than directly in the yard? I know with blueberries (highly acidic requirements) pots enable U to only have to keep the potted soil more acidics, but I just dont understand why else? I have over 70 fruit trees/ plants plus vegies in my tiny suburban yard (mostly dwarf espaliers), but also 14 blueberry plants, strawberries, aloe vera etc etc, & I find that its massively more work growing in pots rather than in the soil, plus a whole lot more expensive, so I'm very curious as to ur reason for so many pots? I'm not criticizing at all, but just trying to understand why!
Good stuff. Going to try this out. Thanks for sharing. Subscribed and thumbs up.
Very nice to teach us with the informations your gardening experience accumulates!! Try to speak a bit slower so foreigners don't have to roll back to get all!! Once in Brazil, visit us!!
Hi. I would like to know (1) Do you only use strew or sugar cane matter to separate the sand from your soil mixture ? . (2) Are you pleased with the wicking action ? Thanks and very good videos.
Hi Rob love the video, I did have a look in the comments below and I did not hear it mentioned in the video, but what was the size of the plastic pot? Mickey
I bought a tree grown in one of those root pruning bags, its a kind of felt pot. When I planted it out I took it off as it was looking a bit grungy. I notice the roots had grown into the felt and where happy there. So when I took it off I had to rip off a load of the surface feeder roots still adhering to the grow bag. We have very high humidity so maybe thats why it didn't work so well, not sure. Question is should i have planted the whole thing, grow bag and all? I wasn't sure if this wouldn't have have stunted the tree as the veld takes quite a long time to rot away. The roots did look good but as I say they had penetrated the felt.
how is the tree doing in that air pot?
Good Day Mr. Bob, Just watch Air Pruning Self watering/Wicking barrel, a DIY project for papaya/pawpaw. Very informative. Question, do you have an amazon acct. for sugar cane mulch? It is not sold in the US.  Can give any suggestions. Thank you for your time and well educated videos. Thanks.
I don't know if this has been mentioned in the comments, but how about using a laundry basket with holes already precut? I'm not real handy with a drill so that's what I'll be using to grow sweet potatoes. We'll see how it goes!
Very well done thank you but if you don't mind what is Pawpaw or Paupau I'm. Not sure of its spelling so if you would just help me that also? Thanks again. I sound so needy but this is very new to me but it makes so much sense and I want to start some fruit bearing but if I put them in the ground I won't be able to take my trees and all the work I've put into them when we retire and move away from Central Florida it's just getting way too crowded here so I'm looking evacuate the premises asap and that's just a few,years so all my planting have to be temporary and this one looks perfect for the job.
hello i was wondering how well a homemade airpot would work with much smaller holes say 1/4-1/2 inch spaced much closer together kind of like a steamer pot or colander because i made one this way and am curious if it will work as well
Hi mate.  Top video.  Going to grow my tomatoes like this next summer.  Cant grow them in the same spot i discovered.worst season i had. 😢.  Blight i think.  So was going to grow in pots and your method is perfect.  Found those wet pots at http://www.watersavingtechnology.com.au
Great video! I got papaya tree in large Walmart bag it's about 2 feet tall and it's doing great. After watching your video, I might give it go at making one like yours. Thanks great video again!
You say next barrel will have slits, do you mean supplimentary slits to your large holes, or pure slittage? I was thinking that you should be able to just do vertical slits, in starter pots (2.5"-4") for my garden, so I can cram more plants under my lights. Did you try an all slit barrel, and if so, how did it go? Thank you for sharing, great stuff.
I may try this to start my garden indoors. I'll probably use laundry baskets with slits or holes, and those reusable cloth grocery bags. .
please indonesia subtitle
Ok but better sounding as a her😉✌🏽️
Not a he! It's a she! 😜✌🏽️
Heyy man how did the experiment go?? Do you think that Air pruning is worth all the effort, in general??  BTW we have a giant Papaya tree about 20ft tall which came by itself, 0 effort for me  lol  ;)
Will burlap work? Seems to be cheaper than shade cloth.
Thank you Rob for your immediate and courteous reply. No paw paws down here sadly. Victoria. Brrr! Brrr!.Keep on educating and entertaining us with your wisdom.John from Australia.
Thank you Rob for the many of your vids which I've seen. You have a very nice way of explaining your information. It's crystal clear and easy to follow. All those vids and we don't know where you live. Paw Paw suggests North of somewhere?Cheers. John from Australia.
I was excited to find your YouTube channel and subscribed to your channel today. Ive wondered how an air pruning-wicking pot would do and have been thinking of trying this myself. Great video. Thanks for posting it. Since you posted this in 2013 I was wondering how your tree has done.
Cheers rob....building some of these here now.....I found using the drill in reverse it actually melt the shavings all together and makes the holes basically bur free so no need to scrape them afterwards either.....cheers mate
Wow! :) I'm at tryin to replan and find a cheaper solution to many NFT flood systems on the market. Respect! I got a question I think many will have for my future product: How well does it reaches the results of the...market leader in its field, for the price gap you'll obv suggest?  Really interesting though, i think should fit good for me. I mean, idn actually think many concave surfaces instead of a drilled plain one will -justify that price- have much more results. I'll check ur site and give a try to your idea! :)
Papaya is not the same as a Paw Paw. The Paw Paw (Asimina triloba) is native to North America. The Papaya (Carica papaya) is  native to South and Central America. Different plants. I get that people call papayas  "paw paws" in some backward places in the world ;) It is NOT A TRUE PAW PAW... just a confusing name. Thought I should note this because it confuses people.
Thanks Rob i am trying Lemonade and Tahitian Lime trees in the air pruning pots worse come to worse i will plant them in the ground if it all goes pear shape
That is brilliant!
nice & good for beginners dear keep it up thanks
Is that a dwarf variety papaya or regular papaya? Thanks Rob!
I really needed to know this!  Thank you Green Man.
Love the way you built the barrel and I see how you added the first bit of water, how do you continue to water and how often?
DUDE! A paw paw is a real plant?! I thought the Jungle Book was just making up words!
Another excellent vid-  love your charm and concise, deliberate suggestions!  (Paw, paw), this is a cajun slang for friend!  cheers!
Do you make your own biochar?
using a skill saw or its equivalent will lessen the amount of time to aerate the surface of the barrel.
You could, instead of using a utility knife, use a propane torch to melt excess drill burr and smooth the hole beautifully.
Man those long adds wasting my life.  Ive been having a go at air pots my latest milk crates lined with hessian nice capacity good to handle.
So how did this experiment go?  when I first watched you with the wicking barrels you just had one coil of pipe and the middle was full of sand On this one you add more. When i made mine I used the second approach. What I noticed was that some of the barrels seemed to empty every 3 to 4 days, but on a few they always seemed full.  Do you have a list of what grows better in the barrels ? Zucchini seems to do much better in the ground for me. Peppers and tomatoes seemed to grow well, green beans started great but then seemed to stop growing (this is one where the water always seemed full).  So I wondered if leaving room in the middle for more sand would give a better wicking action and keep all the soil more moist in the barrel. Any thoughts?
I read somewhere that Papaya tree don't do well on Wicking barrels. It says something like they don't like "Wet Feet" . Any suggestions on this. Thank you and great videos you have.
Cheers +Wayne Cook..  Have been playing with a  few other ideas to create patterns on them just to help make them look a bit more appealing as well as to let the root pouches air prune..  Cheers mate & have a great one..
Hi Rob, Just a thought for you rather then drill you 50mm holes directly below each other if you off set each row this should prevent the need to drill the smaller holes in between there for saving you some extra work next time you do you next barrel.. Regards Wayne
Just out of curiosity, what happens if the roots go out and hit the blue plastic wall of the containers?  Do they generally turn aside and then run into one of the air pruning areas.  I have been trying to think of a way ... aquaponics, hydroponics, aeroponics ... whatever to grow berries and fruit trees optimally in a controlled environment because all my fruit is getting eaten by the birds and squirrels before I ever get a chance to even see it ripen.  I hope you keep us up to date because I will paying real attention to your experiment here.  That pawpaw (never heard that term before) looks really healthy.  I'd like to try growing a date tree, and maybe some cherries this way.  Good luck RB!
can i use those blue and green reusable plastic bags from cols and woolworths for air pruning?
This is another very interesting video.  I like these ideas, kind of everything container rolled into one.  My question would be, you are planting a tree in there ... so, how do you feed it over time, or are you going to just re-pot it when necessary?  Can you leave it in that air-pruning pot and just add compost or fertilizer over time?  Good luck!
Hi Rob,  At around 11:30 you mention that you might add some air pruning to your aquaponic system. This is something I'm particularly interested in as tree-based products are a pretty substantial part of a person's diet (most fruit, for example). I note in your more recent videos you did add a couple of constant flow barrels, but these were just ordinary barrels. Was this (air pruned aquaponics) something you still hoped to look at, or did you change your mind / run into obstacles?  I ask as I have tried to find people doing this successfully, and have only found a couple who've had limited success, and nobody growing anything as large as the papaya or morenga that you have in your current air pruning pots. I plan on building a system over the coming year, so if you foresee any particular difficulties then your insight would be particularly useful. I'm trying to decide whether to use a soaker hose tied so it runs around the barrel in a circle somewhere about halfway between the centre and the outer edge (similar to constant flow but with the water at a lower rate in more places so it doesn't just run out the holes in the sides), or whether to just do the wicking through soil with a lower layer of sand - obviously the extra nutrients provided by compost, and the reservoir aren't needed when there's a good flow of high-nutrient aquaponics water. (Oddly over here in the UK, the first is easier to set up - despite it being the more complex, it's easier to get the parts - mostly due to the PVC pipe business being dominated by one company who do non-standard sizes making them incompatible with many fittings!)  Thanks for the regular videos, as always, very informative and interesting!
Too sad to say that papaya in reeality  doesnt need that much atention! ;( At least on my area!!! any way !! Good vid!!!
I really like this idea but there MUST be an easier way than drilling so many holes? We live in the age of cheap plastics. What can you buy off the shelf with holes already available (ie laundry basket) that you can convert into a wicking pot? Thanks for the video.
Why put the hose in the bottom? Why not just put sand in there?
Thanks for the video Rob! I stumbled upon your channel because of this video and have really been enjoying the information! It's great. I really appreciate it. I just bought 2 dwarf peach trees, 2 dwarf nectarine trees, and 2 blueberries! I'm going to use this method for sure, I'm just having trouble finding the ag line and sugarcane mulch, thought for sure lowes would have it. I got the barrels already, you inspired me! Thank you!
Really interesting way to plant fruit trees.  I'm wondering if the trees would survive in their above ground pots in our Zone 5 climate?  Would love to grow our Dwarf Honey Crisp apple trees in this kind of pot. Will be checking out your fabric grow bags and see how they might work for us.  Great site.  Thanks for your helpful and innovative info. Lynn & Rick
Awesome Rob. Really informative and great instructional videos. Thank you for sharing this great information
Hmm. Paw paw is something very different here in Virginia.
RobBobs Backyard Farming what do you think about doing lemon and lime trees in a air pruning wicking barrel ? any foreseeable issues ?
With a tree coming out of a pot like that, I've seen the bottom couple of inches of root and soil simply cut off.  Didn't seem to harm the tree any.
Hi rob,  Sourced most of the material, just not getting the same kind of shade netting you used. Could you tell me the kind you used
Hi rob,  Was great seeing ur video. I have a few questions regarding the materials ur using. Could you please give me ur mail id.   Karan
I would like to pass a "Secret" about papayas.  From my wife's uncle: if you cut the leaves of the papaya when it's small, like knee high, cut all but one leaf, it will come back and produce with out growing high, as a dwarf papaya.  I have tried it and it really works. Hope it helps.
This is a definite for me.  Rob, do you know if I put full sized papaya seedlings in a container it would turn into a dwarf papaya?  Great vid, you explained each step so well.  Thanks
Hi Rob,  Have you or do you know of anyone that has tried putting in some perlite or vermiculite in place of the sand and tube?  I have tried this for a brief time so far and find it amazing how much water these inorganic materials will hold.  I think it is great for wicking because it does not rot like organic materials do.  I like the air pruning idea and want to use that with a wicking system in the next growing season.
Hello Rob I am a big fan of the wicking beds also. I was going to be using an ibc tote to plant some trees until I seen this video I am switching to air pruning in barrels it makes perfect sense!! I seen you using a utility knife to clean the holes have you ever tried a deburring tool? It makes quick work of holes and edges and saves fingers and hands from nasty razor cuts. Cheers..
Thanks Rob, I think this is the way I am going to go as I am in an apartment with a wrap around porch and this will help save space. I was thinking about doing the rain gutter method but I just do not have the room. Thanks Again!
Hi Rob, I building 4 air pot this weekend, I'm interested in your slit cut idea, rather than the holes. Hopefully you'll get some time to have a look at this idea in the near future. All the best, keep up the great work.
Best I've seen on you tube...most drone on, you're great and to the point. Thanks.
Hi Rob you're the only one I know of Americans who can speak 11 minutes and 57 seconds without breathing
hi, great video as always, any update? and one question untill the massive root structure developes  you loose dirt from the holes? (when it rains)
great video thanks for the info
Like this idea I may try it myself.  I have a bathtub wicking bed setup.  Its going OK but not excellent.  I may post a review on it today along with aquaponic and my hydroponic system.
9:35 Isn't that an olla?
more oxygen gets to the roots, which means the plant can uptake more nutrients and in turn grow bigger, bearing more flowers and fruit.  i switched over to them a year ago and would never go back to closed pots.  i always inspect the root masses of tomatoes and chilis etc. once harvested, i consistently cannot break the soil away from the roots as the root mass is a fine network spreading to every centimeter of the soil space in the air pot.  this is not generally the case with closed pots, in my experience.. anyhoo..
Great idea! I was looking at some other videos about the air pruning pots thinking of how I could make my own. Cheers, for the idea.
you know...... that reminds me of a tall laundry basket..... bet you could use one...
Hey Rob, great channel! I'm in the process of making some of these air wicking pots. One question: In this video at about 2:48 you write on-screen that the "next barrel will have slits cut in the wall, not holes". Can you elaborate what you mean by this?  Do you mean vertical slits that gape a bit when the barrel is filled? Will you still line it with shade cloth?
Rob, I love getting onto Youtube to be taught more by you. I've recently become very interested (maybe even obsessed) in producing as much of the food my family eats as possible. Aquaponics looks like the best way to grow nutrient dense food in the most efficient way I've ever seen. I was wondering if you've figured out how to incorporate an air pruning barrel into an aquaponics system. I'd love to grow some dwarf fruit trees, and this method you shared is brilliant! I'm just trying to figure out how I could attach the air pruning barrel to the aquaponics system where the fish tank feeds the tree, and the tree drains to the aquaponics system's sump and the cycle continues... seems like there's got to be a way. Any thoughts? Thanks in advance!
nice knife, they are no longer being made any more
Please update on this project . It's seems awesome living there doing what you do!!!
Great work, do you think this could work in an aquaponics system, love the work you do and always look forward to new videos
Great video as usual, I was thinking to get maximum air for pruning coming into the plant would a complete wire mesh pot with shade cloth do the trick?
Love your work dude I am putting lumps of charcoal in the bottom of my wicking pots now. I will start constant flow through this layer with highly aerated compost tee in next gen.  Beyond that the next obvious step is air-potting the sides. Also thinking that we could go to 2-3 foot soil depth by adding those clay slow release things in the top layer. Your work is accelerating my own ideas, your heaps faster than me, but will update soon.
Hello Bob, another insightful clip. You would have been asked this many times before, but where do you get the blue drums from?? cheers, brad.
Cheers Rob, now you got me thinking I'll need to repot the avocado's from the self watering barrels to the Air Pruning pot. I saw another clip on the commercial air pots where people grow tomatoes in them :-)
Thank for the info.  Dose this idea only work on trees or will it work on other plants too.   I have cowalillies in a pot for about 20 years.  I wonder if this system would benifit them.
Glad I caught up on this. Looks very interesting. Easy enough to create a really solid root system that lives well in a confined space. This concept would be great for growing produce in confined spaces like a flats balcony. I was thinking during the video, this could be a great way to develop a massive root system for growing "mega matoes"... What do you think?
Your last air/ wicking pot...interesting ..but the plant changed genders during your video......how is that done????? ....just poking you a little from snowy Montana, USA.....my Aquaponics is doing ok...lots of lessons this last few months....  I enjoy your videos and very much and listen with interest...you practical approach is what I like...  Thanks
If you use crusher dust(fine gravel) instead of sand it has a lot of rock dust in it for the plant.
i can't wait for your papaya to fruit! please show us if it does. i have always wanted to see one fruiting.
GREAT Video Rob Bob! I really like how you've been taking things like this and putting multiple techniques together to make things better! I've learned so much from you and will continue to do so every day! Very cool.
Any thoughts on using this for smaller variety banana plants?
Lots of information and new to me including the info that Paw Paw and Papaya are the same thing.
nice instructions well done happy growing!!
Nice work, I've been thinking about a combo air pruning and wicking container since you did the video a few weeks ago on air pruning. The combo could open up several possibilities for me.
Those are beautiful! Wonder if I can do that with the dwarf fruit trees that will be coming in Dec?
That's very cool Rob! You seem to find a lot of cool uses for shade cloth! When you say paw paw, is it the mushy type of fruits that we have here in the states as well? Someone at work brought me some paw paw fruit and the seeds are rather strange looking! Thanks for the mention sir! Tell the girls Michelle and I said Hi! I give this video a green thumbs up!
thank you, looks interesting
Great video Rob. You must of worked couple days on that project.
Looks Great, awesome work there Rob Bob and aesthetically looks great too in the garden, might be an idea here for Dwarf Lemon and Lime  trees  :-)
Will it work on citrus trees and will they work ok in a greenhouse?
Very nice!!! I never thought of air pruning for perennials, I have a fig tree that I have to prune the roots every 3 years or so, this would save me a lot of time and effort! Especially that I couldn't find my little saw and had to use a bread knife this year :D Looking forward for updates on your experiment :) Take care Rob and family.
I do believe this will work well for some dwarf trees I have, got to try it myself! Thank you for the information and great video demonstraition!
Air pruning wicking barrel sounds like a fantastic idea. Look forward to seeing how it goes. Could probably use laundry baskets since they have a bunch of holes already
Excellent video, Rob! I really like this design a lot. Now I just need to find a free source of barrels so I can start making them.
Thats looks great Rob, Like that alot. Dave
Glad to see you trying the air pruning method! I think you are really going to be impressed! I had fantastic success growing container corn in WalMart shopping bags which grew over 8 feet tall when Burpee Seeds said it will grow 4 to 5 feet! I grow them in a kiddie pool system that I came up with! I know you are concerned about the chance of mosquito's however that is easily controlled by either letting the kiddie pool run dry ever few days or simply use mosquito dunks! However my new kiddie pool design has no open water and no chance of mosquito's at all! I wish you Great success and Hope you love the design you are using!
To trim up those holes use a deburring knife you can get them at an auto store for about 5-10 dollars. The blade looks like a C. It will save you time, be safer and you won't get any sharp edges. All nice around edges. It also works great on the bigger totes. Keep the videos coming. I have learnt a lot from you.
Wotcha! Nice idea. I have some young apple trees that need homes and a supply of cheap barrels. For drilling the holes try fixing a length of 4x2 horizontally to a bench so it over hangs the bench to the depth of the barrel. Put the barrel on the 4x2 and drill the holes. You may find that you dont have to remove the waste plug from the holesaw every time, let them build up and drift them all out at once when finished.
Great explanation of air pruning, as usual your very precise at giving great info, love your vids as always Rob. have a great day. Frank M
another great video
