It's hard to see the difference like you can. I love that you made this video to teach how to make this. I certainly will. What is the name of Stacy's channel?  I'll subscribe to both of you. I loved the book part to seal to add layers. Thank you!! I would love to know how somebody could accidentally make it not so clear like. Is there a super fine line? Because you did add more. I think at the end you said tablespoon. And then you said teaspoon, so I'm hoping that it was a teaspoon, and then a spatula I would use To get the rest of that glue out of the glass measuring cup. I am just like you. I don't like to waste anything. And as far as the water goes, you did add a bit more water, so do we make sure and want it on the more runnier side? Obviously not thick? But I didn't exactly know how much water you added. After you set about a quarter cup and I thought you used about a 1/2 a cup of water. Honestly, and I know, you know how to make it by looking at it where the first few times I try it. I'm gonna wanna do it exactly right? So I don't goof it up, does that make sense? Thank you again you're awesome.
Thank you for sharing this. I've spent a lot of money on buying clear Matte Gesso.
In the video you say 4 tablespoons but the description says 4 teaspoons of marble dust.
Loved the video.Can't wait to make this
Listing to this while preparing to hand rasp a chunk of Carrera marble over aluminum oxide sandpaper.   Fierce sanding in short passes for a minute straight yields about 1/2 tsp😵
Do you seal your page first or do your artwork and the seal. It seems you did your art first but then I thought that was just for the video and showing the product.
You make so much mess lovely girl😀 but the most important thing is you are honest better than some others👍🏼 thanks for sharing
I would love to see you diy gilding polish in all colors. Ive looked and looked on utube and cant find any tutorials???
Girl. You had me rolling about not being a neat crafter!  Me too! But love the messiness and love your videos!! Keep up the good work and thanks for tut!
Worth knowing because to buy sometimes is so expensive
I know this is way past the video date. Measuring paints and glues is a headache...it’s hard to get all that out of the measuring cup and means another thing to wash☹️ I add water in the amounts I need to whatever bottle or jar I’ll be using for storage and mark the sides. Pour water out and dry well. Now you can add your glue directly into the jar til it comes to your mark. Hope this tip helps somebody!
Stacy is amazing
NISI NI ZA STA SPOSOBNA , PRSTIMA KUPIS BOJU , OVO NEGDJE VIDJELA PA SADA PRODAJES KAO TVOJE , / TREBA MALO PARA NA GUZOVE ...I OVO TI NIJE PRVI KLIP ....NISTA TI NISI IZMISLILA , POJMA TI NEMAS NI O CEMU , SRAMOTA UOPSTE DA SI NA OVIM STRANICAMA , POVUCI SE , OSTAVI PROSTOR NEKOME PAMETNOM KO IMA STA RECI ...
That's 4 Tablespoons---    :)
I really like your philosophy about sharing, I feel the same way. Some people are so weird about the fact that someone else is spreading and sharing their ideas. Remember, copying someone else's work is the sincerest form of flattery (or something like that)!
Pink poodle crafts said 4-5 heaping tablespoons marble powder ... your recipe says 'teaspoons' ???
hia I made this it's great can I ask you something.  I made it and put it in the jar. Anyway I went to use it but all the marking was at the bottom I mix it. But wen I coverd this tiny peace of work it was very gritty and at to wipe it of can tell me why this happen should I not of mixed it up. But the gritty was at the bottom I hope you can help xxx
Shemi.... is the clear gesso waterproof???   BTY... you're video is a delight.  Thanks for sharing !!
Can the powdered marble be used to make chalk paint? If so, is the recipe the same as using calcium carbonate?
This is so great! Thank you! I am new to using Gesso, but it only took me a few minutes to see that I am going to need a LOT, all the time!!! I am ordering the Elmers Glue All to cut the cost even further, in a 16 oz, but I hope it doesnt stiffen my pages too much. Could I dilute it a bit if that happens? I cant get PVA glue at this time, my Birthday cart is suffed with Art supplies, but Gesso is a main ingredient, for sure! Thanks again, I am going to go sub the originator of this recipe next. xo
I love your videos Shemi,  you explain things so well x
this is a really great idea . I've been looking at prices of powdered marble and unfortunately it costs more than clear gesso.  if I used a lot of it I could justify the cost but I can't
what a vulgar woman and nasty! Dont expect to get always nice comments on what you show! by the way, your singing is terrible too! hshaha...nasty woman and vulgar!
what a dirty way to work!
If you add more powdered marble are you able to make a clear gell medium?
I love this....and I have a gallon of  Plaster of Paris... I can substitute the Powdered Marble?
I love the you give credit where do I myself like that and share everything you know you will be blessing that way to yourself and others how many ounces is the glue bottle thank you so much for sharing and have a bless day
thank you.  love these cost-cutter tips.
Hey Shemi, Love your video! I did just see Pink Poodle Crafts also! You are so right about how expensive clear gesso is! I got some when I found it on sale only! Think it was a buy one get one free sale! I love it when there is a way to make your own supplies and save money! Where do I get this glue that I need for this? I know you have to use clear gesso for Bible journaling something I have been watching and have been wanting to start doing. God bless :0)
In the recipe above you list 4 teaspoons of Marble dust.  In your tutorial you said Tablespoons.  I suppose if I want white gesso, I would just add some white paint or if I want black I would add black paint.
would this be good for prepping  wood so that i can make a painting on it like regular gesso?
شكرا  ^^
This is terrific! Thank you very much, I love clear gesso, and this is a wonderful money saver.
Dumb me.are gesso and modge podge the same thing?
you say tablespoons in the video, but you have teaspoons written in the recipe.  Which is it? :)
Love pink poodle, you're right,  she's awesome!   and had to check you out.  Love your philosophy on sharing!   Just subscribed ;)
I think your suppose to let the glue sit overnight in the fridge!!
After you make this is it suppose to harden? or stay soft?
Need to keep for spring 2016!
Re powdered marble by Fredrix, his "sale price" is now $12.50 and $9.20 something ship...lol
You are just such an AWESOME person!.....:D
great video!!  I will be sure to try this out!!  new subbie!!
do you use a measuring teaspoon as the recipe says or a teaspoon from your silverware drawer?
can I use this to seal a canvas as I do with regular gesso?
Have subscribed! I don't do journals, tags or cards...but I do painting and altered boxes.
This is great! Thank you for sharing .
Me to I got it as well from her channel. My marble powder came yesterday.  I'm about to make mine.
Thanks sooo much for demo-ing this for us and also thanks to Pink Poodle!! I just ordered the Marble dust and I am going to give it a go. I tried to order the Artist Basics Clear Gesso but I can't find it ANYWHERE!!! What is going on with that stuff? I needed it for my Bible Journaling but that's ok because this recipe looks like it will work out just fine. Thanks again so much ....I can't wait to try it. ; )
Hi again. In your video you said tablespoon but in your recipe below the video it says teaspoons. Just thought you might like to know so you can edit it. :)
Hi, I was wondering if the measurements of the powdered marble was changed. The person you mentioned who did the original to this recipe said tablespoons. Is it teaspoons or tablespoon. Just want to make sure I get the right measurements. :) Thank you. Great video. Love your spirit. <3
Wow!  My sloppiest child is also my most artistic-any correlation?? LOL
Totally AWESOME!
Sherri Im sorry but I had a difficult time understanding the beginning of your viedo. You didnt make it clear what the products you were using were.
Please forgive me...clarify? Poodle Pinks video says TABLESPOONS and yours says TEASPOONS. Help me help me. Thanks.
Great video...and subscribed.
Thank you so much for sharing this Shemi!  I have gone over to Pink Poodle Crafts and subscribed too!  I love DIY everything! xo
Why do you call it clear gesso?
Thanks for the DIY. I use as many as I can to save as much money as I can. This crafts do get expensive. Did I hear you say that you can use the powdered marble to make modeling compound? Thanks again for your video. You have a wonderful gift for sharing. If I do pass this DIY along I will give you credit. You deserve it. Thanks
that's Awesome thanks
You want to put a correction on your video or rerecord it.  The amount of white marble dust on your video says 4 TEASPOONS, while Pink Poodle's video says use 4 TABLESPOONS.  Thanks for the video.  It really comes out clear.
Check out this video and learn how to make homemade  clear gesso. So easy and quick.
I'm so glad you made a video! Its great! And thank you for linking me :) Clear gesso is a lot of fun! <3
Could u make dig for school supplies plz and thank u ☺️
Thank you for sharing this with us Shemi! I will check out the link as well! This is yet another great video from you! You are Awesome!
I have to say, please count me in on one of those who you say get a little crazy about giving credit for ideas I recently put up a chat video about this.  While I understand not everyone agrees and we all have our own opinions.  Just making a point that when a content creator  use someone's idea, the polite thing to do is to credit them.  It encourages them, and helps in their growth.  I am not saying everyone has to credit each and every technique, but when a little-known or fairly new technique is shared,   the source should be credited if known.  I find a certain amount of respect for people who do that over someone who sees something fantastic and garners all sorts of kudos for being a creative genius when in reality they grabbed it from another channel.  Even in your video here, you DID DO the polite thing, you asked permission from your source, and you gave them proper credit for the technique.  I find people who do that creditable and trustworthy.  Thank you
Love it--thanks for doing the video for us!!
