Amazing looking box. Great video.
Awesome work… I actually used this box as part of a template for the the jewelry box I gave for my wife as a gift.
What type of punch did you use for the hinges ? Where can I pick one up at ?
Awesome build !! Now I am making a few for family and friends !
Original views, original actions, good luck with 1 million views🤙
Nice thanks.
Any considerations when using lumber that already finished?
Great video.  I’ve built a ton of those box joint jigs.  How much tear out were you getting?  In my experience if you don’t provide a sacrificial board for each cut the tear out isn’t worth it.  So you really need "2" fences but one that moved with the actual piece to get that fresh sacrificial area behind the work piece.
Did you experience any tear on the parts  from the dado stack
Not to be a jerk but you start by saying the box is made with "Finger Joints"? This is a "Box Joint" which is different from Finger Joints...just sayin.
just what I was looking for in a box tutorial
Simply beautiful!
Fine craftmanship
Thanks for a well done video, but get a rubber mallet or your going to go ahead and give yourself tendinitis.  The long term affect of using you hands as a hammer is lots and lots of debilitating pain.
Great job
Nice box. And good video too.
Nice job! Great suggestion with filling the gaps. 👍
I was looking for a way to do the box lid and you showed exactly what I was looking for. Thanks.
So what grit sandpaper did you use when trying to smooth the lid and box? I ran into the same uneven issue when I used my table saw to cut it. Beautiful work by the way!
Fucking A that looks awesome
nice box.
Outstanding.
Great video and I try to make for my granddaughters.  Can you tell me the dimensions of the box?
Yay! Someone else that uses the fist mallet
Hi I am new to the woodworking clan and was most impressed by your box -the entire video was so easy to watch and i learned a lot.may i ask you what steel wool was used at the finish of the demo-thanks Allan.
Simply amazing. Any chance that there are plans for this box?
I love sapele.
Your work is second to none may God continue to bless you
How do you fill the gaps left on the end grain from cutting the slot for the bottom?
Gorgeous box.  As a brand new woodworker, this project is inspiring and the techniques are very helpful!
Well done very good video
Handy tip: when you find a glue that works well for you, stick with it.
great job i could not do better my self
Thanks so much for the great tip on the box joints.  Tried it today.  Bingo.
Loved the box project and especially the wipe on poly trek.  Does the poly stain the wood before you put on final finish or do you put the poly on the entire box?  Dan
Graet video and tips!
Awesome work!   Is Briwax like other paste waxes?
nice hack on filling the box joint gaps.
Beats sawdust and glue ANY DAY- thank you for sharing.
Use wood Sims, make them with a belt sander, to fill those gaps
Nice job and really enjoyed the joint filling hack! Thanks for sharing.
The poly trick is great 👍 but does that area show through the finish?
Your video editing is amazing. I really like your style. Great work!
Good job man!
easily the simplest jig ive seen that make the most amount of sense with the least amount of time. worth a sub.
Great video. Thanks
WONDERFUL!  Thank you for sharing your skills and techniques with us!
Truly beautiful work of art! Well done!
Great job what you did in this astonishing box you’ve made. Really I loved it.. peace
Looks great!! Thanks for sharing 👍😉
I know others have commented on the poly trick, but I have to say that it's the first time I have ever seen this as well, and it's definitely how I intend to fill gaps in the future for projects I intend to poly like this. Beautiful keepsake box too btw.
👌
Buddy, what sort of wood did you use?
Excelente!!
Very nice box and great build video. I'm curious if you used the same finish for the inside of the box. Any issues with long lasting odor if you did?
Nicely done 👍 🇬🇧
Simple, beautiful and elegant. Well done, and that poly trick is fantastic!! Definitely going to try that.
There is something for everyone on Stodoys website.
Cual es la marca de tu sierra de mesa y la flecha tiene suficiente espacio para ranurar a 2 cm de drosor ?
Love the wipe on poly tip. I've tried using CA glue and wood glue with sawdust and have never gotten a good color match. Thanks for sharing! I'm using this tip in one of my videos. I'll be sure to link to your video when I do.
Very nice!
Wáááw,perfect perfect perfect... Bravo bravo bravo
👍👍👍
Love the poly trick.  Question though, your top is glued down to some walls, how do you prevent it from cracking due to wood expansion/contraction?
looks lovely
Dude, thank you for making this out of a chunk of 2×4. I've been stressing over making a finger joint jig for a while, and all these videos all over the place have these supposedly simple jigs that require either hardware I don't have or skill I don't have. I appreciate this video more than you know.
Great poly sanding trick! thanks for sharing and helping me up my woodworking quality.
Great video, uncluttered and easy to follow. Going to give this a try.
Se-pay-lay
Tried the finger joint hack with water based poly. Worked amazing
Awesome! I am new to woodworking and currently doing a similar item using finger/box joints. Would that gap filling trick work with the osmo polyx oil i am planning to finish with do you think?
What are the measurements in terms of width x length x height?
When you sand between the coats of the satin finish, is it a light sanding? Then, when you use the steel wool with the wax, are you applying the wax with the direction of the grain or does it matter? Thanks .
Beautiful piece brother.  Love working with  sapele.
Great video! Thank you!
Why use Arm-R-Seal rather than 3 coats or more of the wipe on poly?
What are the dimensions for this box. The proportions look great
3/4 inch stock....but what ia the width? 10"?
great project
That is a beautiful box! I've had a nice piece of sapele in my shop for a couple of years now that I've been trying to figure out what to do with. I think this could be a winner. - Joe
Thank you for not recording the saw cutting the wood.
Nice tricks brother. Didn't think I could learn anything new when it came to a box. Earned yourself a subscriber! Nice work 👏
Great video.  I’ve been looking for tips on finger/box joints.  I think I can move forward with a small project that has been on hold now.  Subscribed!
Beautiful work. Well done.
Damn. Nice work orienting that grain to sweep right through the lid cut. Sepele is a fantastic wood to work with and you did a bad ass job showcasing its beauty
I just came across your video. I've made the same box only a bit larger and just made from a quality 1x12 pine board from HD. Actually I've made 3 of them for my grandkids 2nd Xmas's. Main difference is that I used a piano hinge for the lid and installed a spring-loaded hinge on the inside so the lid would stay open and the kids wouldn't smash their fingers closing the box.
Good job
Quick question - what is the name of the tool you use to mark the hardware before you drill pilot holes?   Awesome video!
Very nice work!  It looks awesome.  ☺
Lovely work, I have just subscribed because of this. I have a few questions for you..... what is the polyurethane that you used, I have never used it before. How does it work. Are you able to put any finish you want on top of the polyurethane. Thanks in advance for your answers.
Man, that poly trick is great! I have some on the shelf I'll be using for this. Thanks mate!
Duuude. That wipe-on-poly hack is gold! Also, the spacers when cutting the lid is something that I fell is very important. Thanks!
👍🏻👍🏻
So u think that gap hack will work with water based poly??
hi guys this is how I make a simple box with 45000$ worth machinery. look how good it came out to be! guess what, anyone who has those machines can build a frikkin box!
Hello, i justw build a guitar amplifier cabinet with finger joint. And i realy like your trick with wipe on poly and sanding to correct the joint. I have a can of poly, but it is satin, non the clear like your. I want to know, if y use my poly and sanding to fill my gap, when the poly will be dry, could i apply my favorite wood stain, or i will have a difference of colors where i put the polyurethan? Thank's
excellent job
Thanks for the demo. Great job, beautiful box, and explained thoroughly. Loved it.Thanks for posting.
Nice project, I made boxes for my boys when they were young.  They still have them at ages 30 and 28.   And that’s a great tip with the alternative to glue and sawdust, especially with end grains that would soak up glue like a sponge.
Nice job.
Outstanding work. I particularly like the gap hack with the poly and sanding dust. I'll use it today on another project. Thank you again. Great video.
thanks for the gap hack. Much easier than sawdust and glue.
That grain
Qual o nome ou especificações desse disco de serra?
I made a much more simplified version of this in my freshman year woodworking class
Amazing video!  I have watched it about 10 times now and made almost that exact box.  I was hoping you could walk me step by step thru your finished process.  You said 3 coats of arm-R-seal.  do you sand in between?  if so what grit?  then I have never used the bri wax before I did buy some. Appreciate everything!!! Would love to see you do videos more often!
So I’m not the only one who cant make 100% perfect fitting finger joints??  Other guys on you tube make it look and sound so easy but it isn’t.
Un trabajo perfecto.
👍estava com dúvidas sobre como eu faria a montagem das minhas caixinhas. Dúvidas tiradas, agora é ver se consigo fazer 😂😂
Thats a beautiful looking box
Amazing woodworking skills sir.  I also love the poly trick and will be using that next time.
Which steel wool did you use?
Really nice explanation and I love the trick with the sanding to fill the voids.....I gotta try that
What is the finish called? Its beautiful
I appreciate the way you fill in the gaps of the finger joints. Good technique! How do I find out what your finishing products are?
Just finally decided to up my finger joint game, and then I see this video! Nice work. So going to use the sanding and poly trick. Think I might need it..... LOL Thanks for the video! :)
What plane did you use to level the box before u attached the top? Looks like a low angle 62 but really short! I want one. Awesome job!!!
10 points for the poly trick!!!
Excellent demo!  Exactly what I needed to finish my thought processes on the boxes I’m making for Christmas.  Thanks for this!
i enjoyed this far more than i thought i was. great job producing this video.
I really don’t like the methods used, because that’s how we forget how to do basic things, machines, jigs and so on takes the charm out of things like this.  “It came out of amazon” dude you are building something for your kid, go to a yard sale find some original henges, it cost the same, but is 10x as charming.  In my eyes this build took all the charm out of building some thing for your kids.
Gorgeous box. Love the wood grain in that sapele. Great job and watching this you’ve given me the confidence to try box joints myself. Great work
You should have left the gaps in the joints, they would go well with the phillips screw head finishing touch. :)
You can also make a sawdust slurry with Elmer's clear glue. Just add some to the gaps and sand the same way.
Poly trick thanks
Great video, man! I am working on a wedding card box with dovetail corners. I was really struggling to figure out what to do about making a lid and how to fill any gaps my dovetails might have. Your video solved both of those for me! I will definitely subscribe to check out your other work now.
Subbed and liked. What a beautiful box. Being in Australia I'll have to look for a similar finish. If you have the time could you tell me again what it was you used to bring it up looking a million dollars please. Much respect, Chris.
Lovely box - these sort of projects really inspire me as a beginner. One naive thought about the gaps in the box joints. They looked like a similar gap was appearing several times - could it be from your jig flexing as it was only held in one slot?
I agree with Sammy. The slurry you make with the wipe on poly filled in the gaps perfectly. I’ve always tried to use the sawdust/glue trick, but was never fully satisfied with the end result. Thanks for the info. First time viewer... really enjoyed your presentation and comments throughout your video.
It looked like you had a very exact finger joint jig. So what went wrong that you ended up with gaps? You didn't, by any chance, put too much pressure on the blade and flex it when you were measuring with your block, did you?
Beautiful box. The final finish looks flawless. I hope you sign your work for future genetations. Thanks for sharing! :)
Really good job, but I'd like to see you do it using hand tools only - consider it a challenge ;)
Dude, that box is perfect. It's not the most ornate, but the grain, finish and proportions are just right and I love the hardware. Subscribed.
That is awesome 😎I love Sapele, it’s always got amazing grain!
Awesome video!! Nice and clear. Great tips.
Excelente job ! Congrats!
Awesome build.. gave me inspiration to make something similar.. keep up the great work
Your gap filling method is amazing. That's the first time I've seen that. Thank you. I'll be using this on my next box joints
Man that was great. Awesome tips and great looking project.
Oh man i love sepele wood. what a beautiful box. well done sir
Yeah, the poly sanding trick was great.  Definitely going to start using that.
I like the design and execution. Clean, simple and perfect proportion. I especially like your choice of timber and the way you grain matched. Really nice. I am going to make this box but I think I'll put a lip inside the top edge of the bottom, flock the inside and put a mirror inside the lid. I need a special gift for one of my sisters. You box joint box is it. The slurry technique you used was called filled grain. In my first career I was a gunsmith. I don't how it is now but when I was smithing most gunsmiths were generalists, you worked on what was in front of you, metal or wood. I liked stock making but stock making was then at least, the least financially rewarding for the time you put in to it. (The most financialy rewarding was changing lower barrel hammer springs in superposed shotguns). Back then poly finish wasn't widely used, it was fairly new. The times I used what was available it often fell out over time. I would think that would still be a problem with gun stocks, I don't know about pieces that aren't subject to shock. I got the best result when I sanded to 320, de-whiskerd with alcohol and 400, wet sanded with tung oil then let it dry, dry, dry. Then wet sanded with the grain with 600. By that time the stock would be dead smooth. Then bowling alley wax to buff and polish. That's the finish I'll use when I build the box. Thanks for the inspiration.
Been woodworking for a while now and that's the first time I've seen the poly/slurry trick.  Thanks for the tip! Amazing what this community can accomplish!  Well done, sir!
Beautiful box. I love the grain on the front.
Very nice job on the finish.  It really brings out the grain. Nice job on all of it.
box looks awesome
This would make a great starting point for a tool chest. Such a lovely job. The saw dust trick is one that I’ve never seen before and what a trick! Really enjoyed watching this.  As a random thing. Did the sides come up as square when you had it in clamps? I always thought that the clamp force would bow the shape of it and therefore, it wouldn’t give a true square reading. Box makers normally use pinching sticks, as it’s more accurate, but perhaps the thickness of your timber resulted in less bow? I’m intrigued. Thanks.
Dude, great work. Would love to get to your skill level
The wipe on poly slurry trick was enough to make me a new subscriber! Awesome idea for those "well CRAP!" moments on a build like this.
Beautiful piece. I love working with sapele
Thats a beautiful box! Well made!
Nice
You can stack all of the sides up together and cut them pretty much all at once. Just need to do the first cuts individually. But once you have a cut on each side you can stack all 4 sides up and cut them all ganged up. I clamp the stack together with swivel pad face clamps to make it easier to handle as one piece. Cutting them all at once seems to make them come out to fit together better too. I think because they get registered and cut together? Give it a shot.
the poly / sanding hack alone was worth watching this video.  I've struggled with this for so many years but missed such an obvious fix.
I agree with your liking for Gen Finishes Satin. They have changed the formula in recent years. The older stuff was thicker with an additive that would yellow faster and leave a more velvet finish. Making some finger box joint boxes now and will post my steps with 1/4" joints and knife kerf hinges. You can water down some filler and do a single swipe for the loose fit fingers and then sand and you may have to tint the filler stuff to match the wood color. You can buy the colorant from food processing companies. You have the MO accent or maybe TN?
Bravo sir.
Great looking box👍👏 I think this is twice now that you have shared a tip I have not seen before. I'm close to starting a box joint project so will probably try out the poly/sanding trick. Thanks for sharing again 👍
Great skills and clear explanation. Thank you.
💯💯👏👏👏👏
To speed up your gap filling, a tip I've used is to just go to dust collection on your sander and use that to instantly fill the gaps with your slurry.  Lol, I missed the part where you said you don't like this method.
Beautiful finish. Great work on the jig to make the finger joints. Looks like some of us novices can even try it. Great Job! Thanks for sharing.
i love that poly sanding trick to hide the gaps !!!
Nice Job , you kept the FJ's equal spaced  ! Love the tip on the sanding to fill in the small gaps in the FJ's Thanks Again
Twisted Woodshop just FYI this video is why I subscribed to you Thumbs Up and LORD Bless.....
Did you glue to plywood bottom or is it floating?
That is a beautiful keepsake box that i'm sure your son will treasure and pass down. Liked and subbed ;@)
Great video and absolutely priceless tip. I’ve never heard of that technique which sounds so much better than using the glue and saw dust. Thanks again m
Sir. What the dimensions of you box?
Good stuff. Like that poly tip. I always use saw dust with glue but it messy
Hermoso trabajo Felicidades ! Desde México
Great video
Beautiful
Hi Dave! This is awesome! Do you happen to have a PDF or something with plans to follow with measurements for this?
Good suggestions.. Nice job.
It's a beautiful box with phillips screws.
Instead of referencing to the blade to set your miter to 90 degrees, it is better to reference the miter slot itself.  Saw blades can have a bit of warp in them that can throw you off.
Awesome job and your box turned out fantastic.
Yes! Beautiful work indeed. I love the book match look above the front latch  (0:02 mark). Great job!
Awesome job mate. Thanks for the time to make video,
Nice project. This turned out really well. I always like the pattern one gets at the end of boards when using finger joints. Thanks for sharing. Best wishes
Beautiful Box.  Fantastic video,  Great narration.
wow beautifull
Very nice!
That box came out fantastic, you couldn’t have picked better hardware to go with it. I’m gonna have to steal that poly trick, very clever
Very nice!
Another beautiful woodworking project. Thanks for sharing this video
Thanks for that poly tip, and now I'll share one with you. When you go to separate the lid, don't cut all the way through. Cut almost all the way, but leave just a thin, thin, see-through layer of material. This will hold the lid in place without fooling with all those spacers. Finish up separating the lid with a coping saw or any kind of trimming saw.
Holy crap! That's beautiful, okay, attempting this with Walnut or cherry tomorrow, wish me luck!
Great video and tips. Thank you, keep it up.
I dig it.
Very nice! I'm about to start a very similar piece. Glad I saw this before I start on it!
Very nice production work!  Great camera shots and your editing was spot on!  If I may suggest....yep I am gonna be "that guy"!!!  Once you get everything cut to size do a 'dry fit and make sure everything is going to fit up like you want it and come out squire.  Yes you should also check it after you do your glue up but if something a majorly amiss there is not a whole hell of a lot you can do about it short of ripping everything apart and playing hell trying to get the glued up joints to come apart.  I'm sure that someone like Mr. Paul Sellers has said to do it this way in one of his videos but I came by it the hard way!
Hard to cut dovetail and finger joints perfect every time.  The eye can see an imperfection of just a few thousandths of an inch.
That trick with the wipe-on poly is amazing.  I have used it a few times this week to fix some gaps in dovetails that I cut.  It is not as messy as the saw dust and glue method and works well with contrasting colored woods.  Thanks for the tip!!!
Nice work. Some great tips and easy to follow instructions.
Great tips and awesome video!
A Brilliant piece of work there, that box turned out to be a really Beautiful gift.  I love that little tip to fix the fingers and make it all look as one, usually i see people do the sawdust and glue method that you mentioned, and i have never seen this one before.  Well done on a Fantastic Box, you defo get a thumbs up from me. Barry (ENG)
Awesome build. Titebond has a line of "Extend" glues. They are basically the same glues but with longer open times. Check them out.
Looks great. I really liked the idea of taping on the spacers to keep the kerf from closing up when you cut off the top. That hardware looks like it was easy to install and looks good on the box.
Dang Dave this video was great! Like a real T.V. production! So good dude, so good! The camera work, the concise voice over,  and the tips! The slurry filler💥! Nice show 👍
Nice project Dave. And great tip on getting rid of the few hairline gaps!
Nice project and video. The quality of the hardware  (in my mind) brought it down a little. Would have liked to hear an explanation of how to fix the initial finger joint jig set up if it was too tight or loose.
G’day Mate, I’ve got one of those fancy Incra jigs I’ve not really used much & it was one of the first Woodworking items I bought, now I’m going to need to put it to use. All your videos are top class & you should be proud of the informational attention to detail you provide us, till the next time keep on making buddy 🍻👍👍👍👍
Love that box man - that sapele - mmm - nom nom. Hey is that wipe on poly water based or oil?
Fantastic work - and vo. is flawless imo. :)  So many great tips and information here. Thank you for making and sharing!
👍there are not many videos I am able to watch from the very beginning to the very end but yours are those kind of videos. I really liked the quick and easy finger joint jig showcase and the gap filling hack is just fantastic.
Very nice! Hand cut box joints was my very first joinery project years ago and I still enjoy the look it creates.👍
Great video!
Beautiful box. Very nice video - Thank you.
Nice
Beautiful work man.  That tip is very clever and have honestly never heard it before.  I’m so glad I can be a part of a community with so many skilled people like yourself.  Great project Dave.
Outstanding Video. I always learn something watching your videos!!
Good tip with the sanding and wipe-on poly...  (I) enjoyed the video!
Great looking box! I've never seen anyone use polyurethane in place of glue when filling in cracks, it looks a lot better and looks easier! Ill havr to keep this in mind for my next project
what a good Dad !!!!
