My husband gave up on doing my crown molding in my kitchen so now. It my turn to give it a go. Thank you for the great info.  I'm going to save this
Great job thank you for your videos but please smile some time or have some jokes just to give your videos a little flavour
Hi Chris.... I would love one of your t-shirts.. Love your channel
So how is the glue cleaned off that squeezes off?....thks jc
Tips! (just 1 tip. Don't click bait)
Hey I love that grayish paint color on the walls in your intro! What’s the name of that color?
I always glue and biscuit any significant joint I might see separate even the corner of door moldings when I have the wide six or 8 inch type
defiantly trying this method. nice!!!
Haha he looks like Cody ko's dad
30 bucks for that bottle!?!?!?!?!
I don't want those nails showing
John 6:37. I wouldn’t have called myself a Calvinist a few years ago, but this is one verse that changed my mind. Blessings from Calgary, Alberta
Cool tip thanks Chris 👍
So we just going to sit here and act like that woman didn’t throw on a wig and got activated. Homegirl became another character ! Then had to courage to alternate 🤣
Commercial.
What is the better brand For CA glue ? Thnx
Love the colab
Idaho painter has the Idahoes
FYI: The cyanoacrylate glue he uses is just super glue. The accelerator he uses just makes it set instantly, but you can use regular old super glue and just hold it a few mins and it will set pretty quick anyway. This is the same stuff with pigment that the granite industry uses to repair chips in granite countertops.
Why do you not flatten out the glue a little bit with your finger?
Ловко ребзя степлером молдинги прибивают😁а в монолите к натяжным потолкам слабо?
Hi buddy   What the angles to cut crown on the flat
Been watching both of you for years! Thanks for another great video.
Would this glue work with PVC moulding/trim? I’m wrapping exterior column porch posts with Azek brand PVC Lumber and adding crown moulding and trim.
Sweet seeing my 2 favorite YouTube guys getting together! Best in the business!
How do i order ure glue i love ure channel man im a finish carpenter aswell mostly my thing is base 24 7 so i got that down to a tee but on crown i need that glue so yea let me know were to order ure glue
nice video but didn't get the John at 6:37. Is that a channel or bible thing?
I would like, if it's possible,  you show us how to install crown molding around vent on ceiling.  Thanks.
im about to isntall 5 1/4 crown this weekend. are you worrying studs or finding wood. or is it all in the angle of the nails. and im wondering if i should use 18g 2inch or my 16g 2.5 inch. but either way i dont think ill get to the wall plate. this is new to me.
Why don't you have a link to DFW's YouTube page in your description? Should be. Gotta give credit where credit is due and you just promote all your shit in the description but nothing for DFW
Chris and Richard, two individuals that truly contribute to society sharing the tricks of the trade.  Well done!!
how to fill large gaps between wall n bottom of crown mldg.
SAWSET protractor works the best for me! Check out the Sawset Tools channel.
This is the best colab in YouTube Land
Free shirt!
What length Brad nails is best for crown?  2”?
Thanks for the tips on the crown molding! Can you tell me what paint color and brand that is in that house? The gray color please?
what length nails do you use in the crown?
Ok you still used nails, your painter buddy said NO NAILS?
I wish I could work with you just to learn that quality work.
Ha I watch and learn new stuff from both y'alls channels
Awesome Tips! Thanks! Crown Moulding can be daunting for a DIY'er so its great to see some of the techniques used by professionals that need to get it done quick! Keep posting great videos!
I bought this from you his website and it is great stuff. has definitely increased my ability to make more money on jobs where it can be used. I will be ordering more soon
Glueing mdf, really any crown is nice, but there is something so authentic to seeing a nicely matched nailed seam, i think the nail holes being filled of course actually add to it, especially with a stain like that, but maybe thats just the carpenter in me
Hopefully the woman at the end got paid double.  The blonde wig does not look good, she is beautiful with her natural black hair.
Where to buy crown molding (beside h.depot  or lowe's) and how identify that molding. is there any number or code etc...also how to know wich is the perfect for my proyect.my house is like 1200 square ft's.i mean wide molding is ok for a small house? (I hope u understand my broken english 😊
Hey bud love the videos! Keep them coming. Also love that you drop scripture on every video.
Thanks for the tips!  I enjoy watching both you and Richard and get a ton of helpful ideas and tips.  Thanks for taking the time to help the less experienced (me).
Waste too much time playing with glue, i use tiny nails like a hair wide  and you cant see the nails hose
I share with you
Can you tell me what method is used to put crown molding on a curved triangular wall without a corner that has a sloped or vaulted ceiling
DFW Crown - they rock.
Both of you seem to do quality work you guys compliment each other
LOL, your "trick" has been used for nearly 40 years by people that build model airplanes. I've been using CA for that long and always wondered why you guys in the trades didn't use it for many applications. I guess you simply didn't know it existed! BTW, you can get CA in 4 different viscosities: Super Thin, Thin, Medium, Thick. Some manufactures have even more choices. You can get CA at any Hobby store or online from many "big box" hobby outlets.
I'm down with the Idaho Painter, but I'm also down with #TeamDFW #CrownLife #TrimCarpenters #TheAbsoluteBest
Great job guys!
is that glue dangerous on your hands? I noticed you don't use gloves but looks very strong?
u must make a short video on Lazy Susan crown molding.
Nice work can I get activator at how depot.
as always thanks for the tips👍 hey and who's the two hotties at the end?
Nice collaboration from two my my favorite YouTube mentors!
Confused. I looked for John at 6:37, but got a Hooters waitress. Anyway, good video.
only one girl at the end just with a wig on. It freaked me out I was trying to figure out if they were twins or something.
Great to see two of the best trade persons I follow working together to help others. Great video again.
I'm new to the pro painting world and really enjoy your tips.
Great tip , is it sand-able?
Just started my own painting and decorating business. Been watching all of your videos to learn faster and more efficient ways to paint. In terms of efficiency,  that you are sir! So much attention to detail. From prep to clean up. There are plenty of DIY videos on how to paint. But you are showing painters how to paint! You insipre me to "think big" on how far i can take my business. Enjoyed all of your videos and I really appreciate  the knowledge you're sharing.  Oh, I live in Australia, but you better send me some T-Shirts!!!
like the up grade to your channel
nice
Hey Chris! good job on the vids dude. i've been a painter for about 10 years now, i love what i do. i like watching for different tips, and like to keep learning to expand my knowledge. id love to rock one of those shirts too! respect from Canada!
just to help you guys out, hes being "pc" due to youtube regs but CA glue is nothing more then "superglue". you can find the activator at your local walmart or Michaels for just a couple bucks :-)
Great tip brother!
Love that you promote and support other solid workmen! "never be chauvinistic about where you learn". thanks for the great videos! you have been immensely helpful to me already and I am excited to keep watching your videos and learning from you and your colleagues!
now that is a interesting way to join the corners, every time ive ran crown i have to say the corners are the hardest part, you can always caulk a joint or add putty but thats no ware near a professional job especially when im in a old home and runing crown with some odd degrees it can be tricky to make things look professional. i really much like this thanks for this video,  i plan on giveing this a shot next time i run crown
that's super glue
no one is yet to point out the 2 woman at the end?? who were they theyve never been in a video before!
what a nice family :)
What material was that crown made out of? Thanks for the videos! Also link to dfw doesn't work, maybe it's on my end? Easy enough to find tho.
great glue tip, but you dont find the studs?
cool tip thanks
What's with the hookers at the end of the video?
Love your videos! Thanks for the verse John 6:37.
Just wanted to say. I've been a carpenter for many years. I'm always impressed to learn new tips and tricks. As a carpenter one is always learning, I'm definitely not the best painter but has definitely helped me out in numerous projects! Pls keep them coming!!
here's the link to dfw's channel:   https://www.youtube.com/user/dfwcrownmoulding
Its awesome to see two of my favorite channels collaborating together! I have learned so much from both of you guys! Just installed chair rail with the help of DFW crown and also learned to cut and paint from you! Made me project run so smoothly.
Well done! keep up the great work! I have been thinking about my own channel for my painting business, you make it look easy!
that's great  in England  it's complete different
Great glue idea. I hate blowing out precious wood that I cut perfectly! subscribed!
two of the Greatest channels combined!! Now if landscape employee trap AKA Keith Kalfas was on here some how i would be watching all my superheroes all at once!! keep up the great work guys!!!
Thanks for making this video Chris. I've seen almost all of Richard's videos and he is an amazing guy. I really like these collaborations. Hope to see you do more of them.
Wow what a smart move!! This is a big blessing! I am working on trying to buy my first home and the place is in need of a lot of crown work. Thank you so much for taking the time to show us!! God Bless Brother.
I highly recommend DFW crowns channel.  Lots of great content.
