Can you specify the milk please ma'am  thank you
Very nice madam,  honey ko heat kar sakte hai kya , please advise me
Thanks madam
Yeh to bhakti hai serial wale ma'am 🤭🤭🤭🤭😁
Pls mam help & pls your num i have a more problem pls
Thanks a lot
There seems to be slight improvement by taking onion juice with lime juice and honey. For how long have we to take?  Thanks.
Good
Hello everyone I'm here to share with everyone how i cured my herpes simplex virus through herbs from Dr okosun on YouTube a herbalist, he has the herbal cure for lots of diseases and viruses, search Dr okosun on YouTube for more information about your health
Very nice and informative video. I noted everything. I felt heavy chest congestion for 5 long months but luckily got good advice and treatment from a great Ayurveda expert, Dr. Vikram Chauhan. His herbal formulations worked so well for me and after getting his treatment I am fully satisfied and free from my issue. Ayurveda is a great healer.
But some of said that we should not mix honey and milk 👀
When to drink
Do Gastric  cause chest pain
I have natural herbs that can cure all kinds of diseases and infections doctor Ojie on YouTube or email doctorojie1@yahoo.com 🇺🇸☝️🇺🇸✅💊...
I got cured from HERPES VIRUS through herbal treatment from Dr ODABA ON YOUTUBE who I met ON YOUTUBE I actually couldn't believe it at first because it sounded impossible to me knowing how far I have gone just to get rid of it. Dr OSABA ON YOUTUBE send me his herbal medicine which I took as instructed and here I am living a happy life once again, a big thanks to Dr OSABA ON YOUTUBE, I am sure there are many herbal doctors out there but Dr OSABA ON YOUTUBE did it for me, He is capable of curing HIV/AIDS, HERPES,  HPV, HSV1&2, CANCER of all kinds, DIABETES and so many other infections, you can reach to him on YouTube
USING INHALER TOO OFTEN CAN MAKE ASTHMA SYMPTOMS WORSE.  You can get rid of asthma and allergies naturally with BetaCure asthma syrup. 💯 Natural.  FACT: 77% of all Those treating Asthma with Pharmaceutical Drugs suffer from reccurrence within months.(Source: Melbourne Health Centre),  That is why We introduce BETACURE ASTHMA SYRUP which is made from carefully selected herbal extracts to help fight asthma, and CURE ASTHMA PERMANENTLY.  Getting Rid of Asthma is All About Restoring Happiness In Your Entire Life & Health In Your Body!   Get Betacure asthma syrup today and say goodbye to asthma attack and live a healthier life. Place your order today.   Call/Whatsapp: +2349057017166 IG: @Betacure_asthma_syrup FB: www.facebook.com/asthmanaturalremedy/ Www.betacure.business.site/
Start watching from .50
1st  remedy we want to drink apply
We want to drink or apply
I'm drinking water also it was stuckng..in my chest I got ful pain..aftr my normal delivry it hapen giv solution
Ever since applying this acid reflux disease treatment “Aυstin Samupko” (do Go ogle to find it), my life is back to natural just like I do not had a medical condition. At this moment, it genuinely feels terrific like nothing terrible on my well being occured before I feel so strong and strengthened. My signs and symptoms of acid reflux disease are history.
'PRAANRAKSHAK CHURNA' given by planet Ayurveda has very good results seen within 1 month. These remedies is prepared for best herbal remedies and has no side effects.
At first I didn't wanted to use herbal treatment on my Tinnitus disease because I thought it was minor but it became severe and the pain unbearable so I had to contact Dr Madida from YouTube immediately to send me the cure,  I so much have have confidence in this herbal doctor because he did cured me of herpes virus before. Dr Madida sent me the cure and save me again, I am cured of the Tinnitus disease after using Dr Madida cure.
I tried ur onion juice recipe and it started to irritate and burn my throat oesophagus and stomach.. And within few seconds i throwed up .. It doesnt work.. 👎👎👎 the onion flavour s so strong which my body doesnt accept
Is it 100 % helpful because I have this congestion problem 5 to 6 months I fell pain in middle portion of my chest and my nose are not clear and also throat. Please read quickly and reply
There's no problem without solution and there is no human being born without a mother, I see a lot of people suffering today in a sickness called  ..HIV  ..cancer  ..diabetes  ..thyroid .. herpes and other infection a lot of your love once are dead today when you have the chance to save them why not visit Dr Akhere today for herbal remedy he has heal a lot of people and he will do the same to you contact him on his WhatsApp number  (+2349017082519)
Can we store it in refrigerator? I mean if we make some extra that would help us to go whole week
I was having problem with my lungs until I met Dr Leo who helped me with some drugs now I can proudly say I am ok , if you want to have same testimony as me messages Dr Leo on WhatsApp @+17404902981 so you can have a healthy and good life  Message Dr Leo  on WhatsApp @+17404902981 and thank me later share good message unto the world
Thanks for sharing with us I will try it I pray God this remedies help me heal
I can’t believe this. A great testimony that i must share to all HERPES patient in the world, i never believed that their could be a complete cure for HERPES or any cure for HERPES,i saw people’s testimony on blog sites and comment section about Dr.Apala a herbal doctor and the efficiency of his herbal medicine.I had to give him a try because i my self have been suffering from the same virus, and i was not disappointed. It took just few weeks i started using it i started noticing changes. I was cured . You can also contact him on his email:dr.apalaherbalhome@gmail.com or Whats App number+2348114047176   He can also cure so many sickness 1. HIV/AIDS 2. HERPES  3. CANCER 4. ALS  5. HEPATITIS B  6. DIABETES  7. HUMAN PAPILOMA VIRUS DISEASE(HPV) 8. ALZHEIMER  9. LUPUS (Lupus Vulgaris or Lupus Erythematosus)
I am becky by name am here to give my testimony about Dr abumere who  helped m.. i want to inform  the public how i was cured  from (HERPES SIMPLEX  VIRUS) by Dr abumere, i visited  different hospital but they  gave me list of drugs like  Famvir, Zovirax, and Valtrex  which is very expensive to  treat the symptoms and  never cured me. I was  browsing through the  Internet searching for  remedy on HERPES and i  saw comment of people  talking about how Dr abumere  cured them. when i  contacted him he gave me  hope and send a Herbal  medicine to me that i took  for just 2 weeks and it  seriously worked for me, my  HERPES result came out  negative. I am so happy as i  am sharing this testimony.  My advice to you all who  thinks that their is no cure  for herpes that is Not true  just contact him and get cure  from Dr abumere healing spell  cure of all kinds of sickness  you may have. Remember  delay in treatment leads to  death.. email him at  doctorabumere6@gmail.com or call him at +2349021975055
MILK!!!! NO NO NO!!!! DO NOT DRINK MILK WHEN YOU HAVE A CHEST INFECTION. THIS WOMAN IS TRYING TO KILL YOU.
By taking 1 spoon black pepper powder we are getting heat in my body
Milk is one of the foods which develops phlegm(mucus) in the body. And it's not advisable to have to get rid of chest congestion. I don't blame you.. It's herd belief and correct it in your future vids.
That's weird. I am 22 and I went to the doctor for 3 times because of the shortness of breath I have had for a week or so. The first time I was sent to a cardiologist because of the stings in my chest. I had an electro cardiogram and all that was "serious" was the fact that I had tachycardia (possibly caused by concern for my health they said). I was also checked on my lungs (a little bit, without an x-ray) and they said I breathe well and that the oxygen in my blood is good. The problem is that I do not breathe constantly short but at certain times of the day or evening before sleep (the most terrible). I tend to have panic attacks because of it, which I have never faced till now. In the end, they told me that I was probably thinking too much about Covid or that it was symptoms based on stress and sadness that I had accumulated in these recent months. Now, if I'm that healthy but I'm still having trouble breathing, I think maybe I've got a cold in my lungs. All summer I slept with the window open due to the hot summer and my bed is fixed next to the window. Not to mention that I also used the fan very often, being sweaty. I don't cough at all, I don't really eliminate mucus, I haven't smoked cigarettes since my symptoms appeared, but I only have shortness of breath, pressure on the chest, intercostal stabs and under the shoulder blades, short stings in the chest. I don't get it and here I am, goin' to the doctor for the 4th time. Any opinions?
What about  COR...NA?
Giving wrong information madam if u put so much quantity of black pepper powder in milk  it will creat more heat in some one's body madam
This is really good video and some very good suggestions in this video. We have an article about chest and nasal congestion https://www.girlandpower.com/15-ways-to-beat-chest-and-nasal-congestion-without-medicine/ let's see
I suggest soy milk or coconut milk for those who are concerned about diary milk.
Hindi bolne main saram ati hain chuttia
I have chest pain in the middle. And it happens at the time of cold. What should i do?
dear. ..sister ..anchor ..Honey never   make hot. it is bad to hot honey in Ayurveda.
I want remedy aorta unfolded without surgery
If diabetes you  can eat honey
The 1st concoction seems like an okay one, but for me, at least, milk is a buildup of mucus in the throat. Don't think I'll be trying that one.
I love you
CAC Broncho Care syrup is herbo mineral and purely ayurvedic formulation. It act on Vata and Kapha dosha from which it mainly reduces Kapha. It means it reduces phelgm production in the lungs and balances sections in the body. It exerts mucolytic and expectorant action on the respiratory system. It increases digestive fire which help improve appetite. It also help in chronic bronchitis and asthma symptoms. Broncho care is antioxidant, anti inflammatory, immuno modulator and a good detoxifier.
https://youtu.be/Tz6tM2xPBws Check this beforehand, need to have clarity.
Super
Mam mere chest infaction tha is se merko kashi or pain ukti sir dard dak dak hona chest me ye sb tha or avi mere ilaj bi hoa tha 1 month ho gya abh merko chest me asa lgta hy jaise kuch dbra hai or meri kashi avi bi hai
We should not take honey and milk together it’s poisonous
Have you tried this... you are mad 1 spool of pepper... great
Arey bhai kitna pina hai ye bhi batao.
हल्दी और काली मिर्च दूध मे मिलाकर पीना सही है,  लेकिन क्या इसकी तासीर  कुछ ज्यादा गरम नहीं हो जाएगी?
थैंक्स
milk is mucus forming, one of the worst culprits
Is Sinuzolax Miracle useful to cures your sinusitis naturally? I've learn numerous good stuff about this popular sinusitis home remedy.
What is Sinuzolax Miracle? Does it work? I hear many individuals cures their sinusitis safely with this popular sinus treatment.
What is the best way to eliminated my sinus pain & embarrassment for good by using natural approaches? I read a lot of good opinions on the internet about how exactly Sinuzolax Miracle can assist you cure your sinus safely. Has anyone tried this popular sinusitis treatment?
Nice 👌
No shortcuts just let it run its course  ONLY TO PREVENT PROGRESSION TO SOMETHING MORE SEVERE TAKE SOMETHING THAT PREVENT OR REDUCE INFLAMMATION SUCH AS THESE SUPPLEMENTS  1. FISH OIL 2. TURMERIC CURCUMIN  3. ASTAXANTHIN  4. VITAMIN C  AND RAW HONEY ALONE (don't heat it ) FOR ITS NATURAL CONGESTION CLEARING & ANTIBIOTIC PROPERTIES
old remedy plese stop itt  its no more solution  this situvation throw out of your remedy waist box and i will requast  dont this tyipe of remedy
No matter what u explain 😅? but I need u lol😅😅
How can you advise to take milk. Milk is one of the cause for mucus buildup.plz don’t give wrong information.
Please do not consume dairy products for a cold
Heating honey becomes poison..
onion is not good for chest infection and cough
isnt milk bad for cold?
Milk produces mucus why would it be a cure lol
When you drink hot milk with turmaric and black pepper its cause of very bad hiccups
i hope i will get cured soon, thank you so much.
one spoon of black pepper se marogi kyaa
I wish she was here to make it for me
This heartburn treatment “Dοcuzu Rαkα” (Google it) has helped me immensely with many other digestive troubles I have had as well and all naturally without the use of traditional medicines. I`ll definitely recommend this treatment to anyone struggling with digestive disorders as well as chronic heartburn.
Milk makes mucus
honey se hi to chest block ho gaya.
when i ll take this aftar lunch or dinner or before lunch or dinnr?
have it thrice a day
"Thrice a day"
wow. she is so beautiful..
Her voice is annoying af
Im feeling chest pain and hard to breathe and feeling dizzy for 3 days what do i do pls help me
i am suffering from chest allergy i can not breathing easily i consult two doctors they are specialist in chest problem they said you have an allergy from dust and pollution what can ido.????
I drank some tea and after the first sip my chest started hurting
please help my problem is no good beating,chest pain,feeling cold,mussel small pain. pls help. this 1 mount no finish my pain
Hate to call someone out... But this advice is less than optimal. Check out other videos
milk causes mucous so how can it help
Is this remedy will suits 3yr old kid... if there s any remedy for kids.. kindly suggest that too... every month my son use to get nose block first and follows with cough and severe chest congestion...
Adding tumeric changes the milk game
Milk with tumeric and black pepper ! VERY FUCKING NASTY !!! i couldnt finish half a cup !!
These are not enough for chest congestion n pls stop drinking milk .
can you make a remedy that won't make us throw up when we're sick?
Milk is not good for people suffering from sinus problems .
OMG i was coughing up stuff bad and the Lemon Juice was a god send, Thank you so much !
She's hot
My 14 yr old daughter has been experiencing heavy chest pain for the past two weeks... I've seen her on her bed holding her chest in tears... I was wondering if we should try this on her?
i feel phlegm in my throat and chest while breathing . sometimes in cough too. should i try this ? plz reply !!
im suffering from cough since 1 month now i oftenly get choked and i feel really tired nd lazy throught the day..... can u plz help me with this problem
thought you should Not have dairy when congested?
After I used remedy 2 I am getting so many hiccups so what should I do now can u please help me to solve this problem. Thanks in advance
SALAAM Thanks sister for teaching and helping.thanks..ameeda.
Thank u very very much for this.
Which remedy is more effective ?? Thanks for sharing. X
Hi Homeveda is now part of my life and my kids. please also mention the dosages for aduts and kids seperately. Wonderfull remedies that work. The first place that I check for home remedies. Being from kerala Aryurveda is the medicinal option thats close to home and heart. Keep going
Hello  Miss After I quit smoking I  feel anxious & feel heaviness or congestion in the chest a feeling of worries like before reaching an exam hall  ; can i get some tip to resolve this issue
Raw milk or cow pure milk don't produce mucus, because is full of enzymes, for those is very benefits to digestion.
Is it alright if turmeric paste is added instead?
shits nasty fuck you
Water? I have tumeric
Id like white milk what could substitute it?
is it twice or 3 times a day?
Milk products very likely are the main cause of mucus buildup in the body. Ayurveda experts should come to their senses. Dairy, especially commercially produced dairy should be avoided in todays world, not promoted!
Thank you for all your wonderful remedies! My fever finally broke late last night & now I am experiencing the coughing/congestion. Will try this. I have asked a couple of questions under your other remedy videos & no response, that is my only disappointment to your channel.
its all about HONEY!!!!!
this was all so informative and it works so well for my kids.thank you so much. Can you please tell the approximations in ml if possible... That would be of great help. Thank you.
Dear Friends,  On behalf of the organizing committee it's our pleasure to welcome you to the Medanta Summit- II Recent Advances in Respiratory and Sleep Medicine 2013  being organized on 20-22 September 2013 at EPI Centre Sector 44, Gurgaon, New Delhi (NCR). India
Do you have any treatments for interstitial lung disease please, as I am suffering with this.
whats the function of turmeric here?
hi i am suffering from nose blockage and cough from 2 months. so what should i do?
Hey - we already did a video on that. Do search for a video - 'fever' on our channel. Let us know if you can't find it.
HI ,,..I  am desperately interested to know how to bring down high temperatures of fever / to bring fever down using ayurvedic herbs / remedies without using allopathic mediines like paracetamol especiialy for infants / little kids ...kindly suggest an effective ayurvedic remedy .. thnks so much ....................
I guess so too..! :P
Thank you !
Hot milk helps in clearing out chest congestion
Your second remedy includes milk but that causes mucus build up in the chest so how is this part of a remedy to help with chest decongestion?
thanks for the replyyyyyyy
ok If you say so.......
Hi - its ok to add honey to hot milk! :) Do not worry.
heyyyy thanks for all your videos and your website.So, I am so confused now because everyone says that don't add honey into any thing hot, but at the same time one of the chest congestion remedy is to add honey into hot milk. Will you please explain why?  adding honey into hot milk. I would really appreciate to hear from you.Thank Youuuuu...
