By the time you're done watching the introduction, you lose interest in the actual content.
Your intro goes on for a whole minute?  I gave up.
DON'T BUY LE CREUSET.  PURCHASED EXPENSIVE DUTCH OVEN THAT WARPED THE FIRST TIME USING AND ACCORDING TO THEIR USE AND CARE INSTRUCTIONS.  THEIR REPONSE TO THEIR "LIFETIME:" WARRANTY CLAIM WAS THAT ITS ONLY A "LIMITED WARRANTY" AND REFUSED TO EXCHANGE - THE PROBLEM WAS CAUSED BY ME AND THUS MY FAULT, ACCORDING TO THEIR EMAIL RESPONSE. LE CREUSET  NOT THE QUALITY THEY TOUT AND THEIR  LIFETIME WARRANTY IS MEANINGLESS. CAVEAT EMPTOR. SHOULD NOT HAPPEN WITH A $500 POT APPARENTLY I DRANK THEIR MARKETING KOOL-AID AND OUT MY HARD EARNED MONEY.
My my. I have a new found Chef to follow along with while using my new Le Creuset set.
How do you make brine?
Nice dinner
Учёные обнаружили взаимосвязь между употреблением женщинами жаренного на гриле мяса в третьем триместре и последующим рождением у них младенцев с низким весом.  Более того, у женщин, которые просто вдыхали дым от жарящегося на гриле мяса, была найдена такая же взаимосвязь.  И даже была выявлена зависимость между вдыханием чада и рождением ребёнка с маленьким объёмом головы‹‹26››.  Исследования загрязнения воздуха показывают, что вдыхание беременными женщинами полициклических ароматических углеводородов может негативно сказаться впоследствии на умственном развитии ребёнка (такие дети имеют более низкий уровень IQ)‹‹27››.
Sir I am from India (mumbai) I am interested in 5qtr lecrueset cook pot any color u can deliver by courier whatever cgrgs I will pay u in your bank account pls reply
He missed taking out the oyster with the chicken leg quarter!  Jacques Pepin would never do that.
You are excellent
OMG... So Amazing.. Beautiful kitcehn if with  LE CREUSET
That’s deep frying not pan frying
Buttermilk not brine
Nothing that you don’t need in ur way *has thousands of $$$ of pots pans and stoneware all around his cooking and prep station* 🤣 This is such an ad but u get a lot of info from him like breaking down the chicken so I’m not mad just giggling at the silliness of it all.
Same here Jennifer, I have two pieces.  Love them.
Me chamo Regina! Moro no Brasil 🥀🌹💐🌸sei que ganharei essas panelas🙏me vejo todos os dias cozinhando nelas,/🌺se quiser me dar, moro em Boa vista Roraima,vou aguardar esperancosa sempre
Meu sonho real e acordada🙏💯💯💯🎉🎉ganhar a lê crusieir de presente, 2 de cada modelo 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍sei que elas já são minhas ❤️♥️❤️♥️❤️❤️♥️
1 min intro 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lost me…..
Home schooled cook.  First rule, don’t waste the breading on the fingers. Drop the breading into the oil(bacon grease). This way you know if the oil(bacon grease) is hot enough to fry AND mainly for extra gravy crispies.   Fried chicken and mashed potatoes and cream gravy. Second rule, Cast iron is generational.
Your lifetime warranty is a lie.  The only option left for me is to pay 158% of the inferior pot I use on a normal basis just as the way I use with the other LC pots. I boil water in medium heat. The CS addressed the problem with contempt.  I did not feel I was treated respectfully.  My story was not heard. I have backup of invoice from WS from last year to prove the authenticity.  I am starting to think that this is some sort of a scam pulled by Le Creuset as they seem to be making profit out of getting people paying extra for their inferior items which people bought for in regular price.  The public needs to know about these highly priced lemons out there.
Looks good ❤️❤️❤️
The tutorial begins at 1:12
Too long intro
By the time your intro finish I've graduate from Culinary school, became a chef and retired with 17 grandchildren
People in comments complaining about the 1 minute intro, your attention span is probably more suited for fast-food instead of cooking nice meals.
Naw man don’t shortn the intro, put that shznit on repeat, turn it up, shutUPANDDANCE!
What the heck is the deal with these Chef's loving grated lemon on everything?
When 12% of an 8 minute video is useless fluff you know you’re wasting your time
Who came here for the intro?
1000$ worth of pans to make something that can be done as well in a 20$ skillet...
How long in the oven at 200? Anyone know?
The difference between fried and deep fried is the amount of oil. Then he proceeds to submerge the chicken in oil. How did this remain "fried chicken"?
I’m a little disappointed. I was hoping that the intro would last a full six minutes.
What pot is that ? I couldn't find it on the website
Raw chicken on a wooden cutting board? Poor choice chef
"How to fit $5000 of cookware in a single shot"
I don't understand why they don't make lids for these frying pans! You fry chicken, oil grease Pop's all over! That's what this company should start concentrating on... lids for the frying pans! This literally drives me crazy! 🙉
Alright, already. You have a Citroen. We get it. Can we start cooking now?
1:10 to start vid, thats ridiculous
BS- he's deep frying chicken! That's not pan frying.
WOW. That is one minute of useless introduction.
jesus christ that’s the longest intro i’ve seen, really bad! 10 seconds max guys
Where is the recipe???
Can you please make your intro longer?
QUERIA UMA PANELA DESSA MAIS É MUITO CARO.
I would love to get a set but I live in south Florida. I don't see how I could justify spending hundreds on something I won't use much of.  😒
Ow I hoped it wasn't deep frying.
0-1.11 Into 1.12-2.12 theory 2.13-3.50 breaking down a whole chicken 3.51-4.34 brining intermittent other stuff 4.55-6.26 breading procedure 6.27- frying and baking in the oven 7.25-7.53 presentation & garnish  making this right now. excited.
I first saw this technique on Food52, taken from one of your books, I believe.  It was life changing!  ;)  No exaggeration.  When you love fried chicken as I and my friends/family do, a technique that lets me make a ton of fried chicken in less time, while keeping it crispy...well, life changing.  So glad you put this on paper and now in this video.  Thanks!
1 minutes and fucking 10 seconds of intro. What in the hell makes you think you can just be a thief of peoples time.
Your intros are too long. About a minute
Makes me want to start cooking again...
Intro too long. You’ve lost me at cutting a chicken apart...
OMG I am so amaze with all the le Creuset aside from the cooking  this   it is high quality , just started to collect them just 2.  :-)
Today i went to the store to buy such a beautiful braiser ( i wanted one in Karibic blue 😍) but it is sooo big and so heavy i couldnt eaven lift it up (my hands were shaking). 😓 Please dear Le Creuset-Team: can you please design a braiser that is a bit smaler? Something for 1 -2 persons?
What's the point of the scene at 4:35 with him driving the truck...?
Thanks for mentioning that you relaxed a little, lol
A 10-15 sec intro would be best. You don't want to lose the viewer, sir.
I swear he almost said, "pepper, pepper, pepper." YSAC
You said how much oil you use was important and then don't even touch on how much oil to use? Hellooo
What oil is that? And did I really see him 'breading' without bread?
I love the introduction, it gives me a tour of the many places that I experienced in Paris, very well done so thank you
What knife are you using? Looks very sharp
200 degree oven - F or C?
How salty should the brine be?
I am coveting your collection...
I would love the recipe he used for the flour..
It is a long intro but very informative video.  I would like to ask how long the chicken was in the 200 degree oven?
The opening to too long , I lost interest ..,
That little Citroen looks like it's gonna tip over with all those cast iron pots and pans weighing it down! ;)
What type of oil do you typically use to fry chicken, Michael?  I like peanut oil.  Thoughts?
You're making me FATTER, Michael!  But thanks for the recipe, babe.
Love these videos by Michael Ruhlman.  It would be nice to have a reference point where we can find the recipe on-line.
Where is the Technique. What a long boring wasteful intro!
The video starts at 1:11 . Such a long intro.
so i heard that the le creuset french oven shouldnt be used for deep frying... i know this video isnt using a french oven, but i assume its the same tech... can i infer that what i heard about frying in the french oven is false and that i can fry in my french oven?
What kind of oil did you use?
Deep skillet fried chicken with oven and deep frying. I usually avoid the deep frying and put it in the oven directly. Just t,y overly health conscious persona. I will try this on special occasions. Looks delicious.
