Thank you ❤Wendy in Australia
Is tea dyeing cotton, permanent?
New fabric & clothing are treated with "preservatives", like formaldehyde, to prevent molding etc. I have some experience with eco dying & printing, natural dying, and lots of tea & coffee staining/dying of both paper and fabric. You really should scour (boil) your new fabrics. Or at least run them through a hot wash in the machine, with mild/little soap. Some folks use a little "washing soda". No fabric softeners or anything else... in the dryer, too. Even used or thrifted fabrics should be washed of any oils, detergents, etc.  The scour/hot wash not only removes the residues, it helps to open the weave & fibers, making them more receptive to the tannins & dyes/stains. The staining will be imbedded deeper & last longer. I know it's a pain. Especially when we just want to get to makin'!!😁 But it can be worth the extra effort.  Love the video and how "chill" you are.🤩 Just found you recently. I've enjoyed all the videos I've watched. Tyfs!💗💗💗
The reason a lot of people pre-wash their fabrics is because when you buy them from the store, they're covered in chemicals that preserve the fabric. They get softer after you wash them. And sometimes when you wash a project that you didn't pre-wash the fabrics of, it'll shrink and get all wonky. Anyway, this tutorial will be really helpful for me as I try tea-dying for the first time!
I want to do some duplicates of my grandma's work and this would work wonderfully to duplicate that vintage touch.
Oh my God when the metal on metal sounds started.
You seem like such a fun and creative person. My first tutorial with you. Will be watching again!
I have a white table runner I want to be cream or ivory. I think I'm going to try the tea or coffee  method but I'm afraid of an orange or overly warm turn out. Would you say coffee will give warmer results than tea?
May i ask roughly how much distilled vinegar please? Thank you for tha salt ratio it helps ive two tablecloths id like to dye ❤
Thank you.❤🙏🏼
Great video! Very informative. Love how the white on whites turned out! Thanks for sharing!❤😍
The sizing also can have an impact on color.  I use a potato masher  to press fabric into liquid
Thank you Lisa!  I just did your method and it worked beautifully.
I have some fabrics that I want to put together but some of them have a white background or flecks while the others have an off-white background or fleck and I'm thinking of tea-dying the ones with white to make them more off-white or at least not white. Maybe I should do all of them to help them come together.
Hi Lisa, great recipe, but I suppose you could have gotten the desired result by adding more tea bags and more amount of water for soaking too many fabric pieces at a time would also be better.
I put a dinner plate on top as a weight to keep the fabric under the tea mixture
In the 80s I coloured my white curtains every time after washing with 1 pound black COOKED tea leafs in a cheese-linnen in a bath-tubs over night. Next washing there was only a less tea-leaves necessary because some colour had left. Because the curtain-material was white nylon which took not so well colour and I needed no salt
Thank you for including the instructions for setting the tea dye. So many videos skip that part,and it’s such an important part of any dying process. Wonderful instructions. Loved seeing the original fabric plus the tea dyed fabric. Great information.
What's the point of going through this process when there's almost no difference in change of color??
About how long would I steep the tea and how many bags to go from white to an off white?
What if I need to sue large bolts of linen curtains
I like this idea because I am not too fond of using whites with the hardness of my water that also has iron and stains everything.
Thanks so much for this video! I've been wanting to tea dye some fabrics and this is exactly what I was looking for. Your instructions, as well as seeing the actual process, were easy and super helpful. Your fabrics turned out beautifully! Thank you!
Found this gem of a video and will be using it to make some parchment looking fabric "paper" for some letter style embroidery stitch outs I am doing. Thank you again!
Would this work for toning down an orange cotton canvas? I bought it online thinking it would be a darker brick orange but it's sadly more of a bright pumpkin orange...
Do I really have to use vinegar and and iron ? why just don't only use tea and let it dry
What kind of tea do you use?
Little late, but I did this on a pair of shoe laces and it gave it a subtle ivory color I was going for. thank you!
That was cool!
Where can I find the final results?
I love the white on white designs T stained.
Tea is permanent. Does not require salt or vinegar.
Thank you so much for this video! It was super informative, I plan on using this method (perhaps with a longer setting time) for my Renaissance faire costume this year!! ❤
What is the purpose of adding salt please?
Nice process.. Very detailed.... Does the tea colour stay for some time or washes off the next wash ...just was curious!! Do you suggest I can use some fixer towards the end? Thanks dear 🙏
Hi Lisa, have you tried cheese cloth?
The differences in the darker fabrics look really nice, even though it's not a big change, I think it's just right.
Great process. I've used this a few times to dye cotton for embroidery. It always turns out wonderfully!
Wedding dress quilt, love it.
Thank you so much  I wish I could send a photo of my repair of a favourite top.  Your method help keep the love of an 11 year article of clothing
Best dying video from the ones i have watched. Thank you!
love the comparison photos
ty for this video. i have done some coffee dyed but did it by trial and error
Thank you for your video,will try with aida
This is the first time I've seen fabric dyed with tea exciting 😁
Will it be washed out in the future?
would you try this with a new handmade cotton doily?
Madan.lal.dayrs
salt?  Who knew
I was. a R.N.  and works with old people. One day, I saw a lady who took her tea bag and passed it on her hair. She was tincture her hair. And she didn’t have white hairs!!!
How much coffee do you add to your boiled water to dye fabrics
Gracias estaba buscando un tutorial, ya habia teñido un trozo de manta para un proyecto, pero no use vinagre. Me encantó. Que amable!!! Saludos
I followed your plan and dyed some white lace I have had for years and it came out awesome ! Thanks for your help!!!
I don’t know why I have darker spots on my t shirt, what did I do wrong ? I just want it to be bone colour
This might be too...sciencey,  (yes, I know that's not a word and scientific would be the preferred nomenclature; but sciencey seemed to fit here) but does the salt have to be iodized in order to work in opening the fibers to help them accept the dye?
Ladies and gentlemen, Dr Lisa and Mrs. Jive! tee hee  You're awesome, girlie!
I read that simmered onion skins  also produce a very nice dye and also acts as a mordent (setting agent ) I'm going to try your tea idea as well soon ,thank you !
Does it work on semi synthetic ( half cotton) fabric?
Thank you for showing your different fabrics and how they reacted to the tea. I did not see what ratio of tea you added to the water.
I can't help but think that if I accidentally spilled tea on my favorite white blouse, it would turn out darker!!!  That's life!!  I like the subtle changes.  Thank you for sharing.
I want to do a crib  sheet ! About how much water do you think I could use? Also I want more of a cinnamon color, do you have an instructional video on how to dye with cinnamon?
I can’t wait to try this method with Jamaica tea it has a beautiful vibrant purple-violet color. Thank you
I would think adding "wet" fabric to the tea bath would be better.
So much fun!  Thx!
I put soda in the tea to draw the flavor (and color) from the tea bags. I wonder if the salt does the same thing??
So what happens you do acrylic etc? I have fabric I want to embroider and want it too fade and be stained to appear vintage.
I really like how it made the white stand out when tea staining. Its like a antiquie old fabric look. Expecially with your wedding dress pieces. Nice
How would polyester end up looking?
Thank you for posting, I looked through several videos and I'm going to try coffee dyeing some cotton pants I have for reenactments using your method.
Thanks for the video. Can I use this method for a crepe fabric ?
I know this was done in February of last year, but I just watched your video. Love it. If you didn't find out why the vinegar sets the tea my husband you has carved cow horns said that some people tea dye the horns to get the vintage look.  He told me that the vinegar sets the color by the acid in the vinegar.  So there you have it.   Keep on keep on. !!
Very nice! I can see how this would look great as an antiquing effect. Do you have a finished quilt with fabrics that you stained?
Is there anyway I could do a comforter?
Everyone complains about ketchup stains. Won't ketchup make a good dye? What colour would white cloth look? Light brown?
Thank you so much Lisa... I'm repairing my friend's older quilt and needed an ecru fabric for the back and thought I'd try this on some solid white. I did three tests at 5, 10 and 15 min and the 5 minute was all I needed and it matches perfectly!!! Great tutorial and very easy technique. 5 stars for you!!
Love your method and will use it on my boring white t-shirt.  Thanks
A textile artist on a channel called Colouricious Holidays said the vinegar and salt make the water INHOSPITABLE to the dye so the dye WANTS to gravitate toward the material AND STAYS there.
Thank yu
interesting video and informative, for me personally it is a bit too much work/hassle but it was presented nicely so whoever does enjoy doing this knows how to. in any case thank you for sharing and have a nice day.
Thank u . I'm going 2 have a go at this. Dose it smell of the vinger.  Take care Jill and thank u xxxxx
Thank you Lisa...your video was very helpful.  It's been a few years since I've tea dyed fabric so I needed a refresher.  Quick questions, what was the ratio of salt to the water in the dying process?  What was the ratio of vinegar to water to set the colors?  Thank you for your video.
Thank you Lisa☺ Hope all is well with you and your hubby x
Can you make a another dye video using chilli powder, please?
Gerogett saree I want to change Cloth I'll absorb the color
Hi Lisa. I am a nurse and noted your dressing right away. Glad it is healed. Question...I would like a more sweded or "tie dyed" effect with both light and dark staining. What do you suggest?. God bless and I love your laugh too.
I like how they turned out.  I like softer colors, and many fabrics are glaring.  I received about 8 bins of fabric (riches!) free... but would like to antique some of them.  This is just the tone I prefer for some projects.  Thank you. New Subscriber.
you are so funny love your laugh, you are my favorite person on videos you always do a excellent job
How many tea bags did you use?
Wow Thank you I always thought this was so hard and messy!!! You have taught me differently. Do you have a video on the ink spray too? Will definitely be watching you on a regular basis Thank you
I love how it made the white print on the white fabric show up more and I love the vintage look
Great video. I'm going to try it. Can you do this with adia? Also, can you save the used tea and reuse another time?
Why don't you use a bigger spoon... lol lol lol
What's wrong with your arm? I hope it's better now since this video was posted in February.
Very helpful. Thank you!
I'm making a woven baby wrap so I have 4 yards of linen fabric. I don't have a pot big enough, could I use like a Home Depot bucket instead?
Thank you for this great tutorial! All the info I've been looking for. And Thank You for being prepared and to the point. Refreshing! Btw, this is the first of your videos I've watched. I'll be back :) Thanks, again!
Thanks Lisa.  Not at all hard but time consuming.  I think these turned out pretty.  I have used this process with tea  before for cross stitch fabric years ago.  A friend of mine uses coffee and loves the results better than when she used tea.  She gets a richer color for the same amount of time and effort.   Depends on how much richer/darker you want your fabric.  Love all your videos.  I’m new on your channel and subscribed so I don’t miss anything.  Hugs! 💝💝💝 PS - Have you tried cotton canvas?
I have also  tried this with herbal teas which give some interesting colours
my daughter is going to love this quilt..this is exactly what she would love. i like the lace quilt you did on face book.
Lisa, I have never see tea dying fabric before ... love your results!  The wedding material at the end really looks great, too.  What type of fabric was it?   Now I have a use for some old tea bags that I've kept meaning to throw away.   I didn't waste the money for them after all. LOL
This will be a lot cheaper than buying antique spray. I didn’t do the salt and vinegar when I tried it so it didn’t look good thus I bought that pricey spray. Please continue with your videos I love how easy and fun you make the projects. It’s almost like playtime
I really like the "vintage" look it gives the material.  Thanks for sharing, Nita.  Always nice to learn these tricks for other folks!
Are you saying that it will never wash back out? That I can cut it, sew it and quilt it and it will stay the same? This is an awesome idea. Thanks for sharing...
Thanks a lot for sharing Nita
Sorry if I missed this but is it better to pre wash the material before hand. I recently started following your channel and I have learned a lot. Informative and enjoyable. Thank you!
