probably worst video i have watched,maybe you should leave the camera in a fixed place where it actully pointed at he dishwaher instead of it moving,looking at you face and then off into space
The tool to remove the four screws is a Torx screwdriver, a size T20.  They're available in that size, or you can buy just a T20 bit.
I had no idea that's where the filter was. Thank you for the video 😊
I want to know as what should I use to open the last screws at last bottom to take out the filter. You were lucky that you got an extender from the previous lady but please help me out in what should I use to open it. I tried with every attachment that comes with Dewalt but its not opening
Thanks!
13 years later I got my filter cleaned using your video. Well done!
Too much talking and personal stories. Just do the work without music or talking
After taking everything apart and putting it back together, my clean button is still flashing. Did I not get something? Do I need to clean harder?
whyd you start the vid by saying you don’t need a 15 minute vid, then make a 16 minute vid?
Dude your video was so annoying! Just get to the point. Stop with the jokes . Your not funny, just annoying. Thanks for the video.
So helpful thanks
Thank you! I just did it! Got out of bed to try it because I was sick of my dishwasher being stinky. I tried cleaning it before but did not know how to disassemble. Mine is slightly different, but close enough. And I’m a girl, hubby is asleep 🤣 oh, mine wasn’t even that bad so I hope this does the trick! Running sanitize cycle with a cup of vinegar like they (ikea) recommend. Thank you again! Back to bed for me. 😴
That was awful!  We would never have gotten that done if not for you. Thank you!!
Very helpful - much apprecaited.
This might be the funniest repair video I’ve ever seen.
April 2025 - thanks for the tutorial!! I tore mine apart. I am appalled at how gross we are hahah. The worst was inside the gray filter. I pulled apart the plastic mesh piece and gagged. Thanks again 10/10.
That’s awesome!  Thank you.
Thank you so much for making this video! Saved me a lot of $$ and hassle trying to do it on my own!
Thanks so much man. No dad growing up, so videos like these are so invaluable. Really appreciate it. Worked like a charm (and the part 2 for draining, turned out my filter was plenty clean lol.)
Solid dad-jokes throughout. Don’t ever change dude :)
March 2025 and this was exactly what I was looking for! Thank you!!
At 12:29 after you put on the obstructed screw, you push down on a clear plastic ring. My dishwasher doesn't have this. Is mine missing? Is this important?
irobot
LMAO 5 minutes into the job but ive been watching for 10 lmao
Great help! Found glass shards, plastic bits, a screw, bread twist tie, and a toothpick.
This video is a lifesaver saved me at least a couple hundred bucks getting this cleaned. It works like a champ now thank you 16:08
Greetings from Oklahoma in January 2025! I greatly appreciate this man-dad's how-to for this specific KitchenAid model.
How did you take the lower blades and stuff off? I'm stuck there.
I can't get the filter out and don't want to break anything. Your filter looks about the same as mine but it wont budge. Any ideas?
clean the whole dishwasher only to find out it was clogged wright at the fiitting at sink drain
Thanks!!! 12y on and its still valid.  Only watched first 6m as that was all I needed to get er apart.  I bought some new rack wheels off amazon and a screw came undone.  Lucky I got it before it caused trouble.  It was under the plastic water delivery system when I turned it sideways.  Was good to keep going and give it a little clean.
Why the f*** does it skip a minute 30? How do you take the screen out?!
Today!
I was watching a whole handful of videos trying to figure out how to get my dishwasher to stop leaving sand articles on every single dish I tore all apart, put it back together and still has sand on every freaking dish brand new balls brand new pants still have sand on them disappointing and haven’t found one video that explains the screen cleaning or how to get rid of the sand because I already use all fresh bunch of times and 🥰Vinegar, and took it apart and put it together, still gives me sand And I buy tablets from Costco finish brand if this helps please find me a video if possible thank you,  😊
I don't know why it's so difficult to find info on this dishwasher other than being 12 years old. But here's your video showing me EXACTLY what I need to do and how to do it. Well done. great video, and I can't thank you enough. Hoping everyone with a KitchenAid KUDS02FRSS2 Dishwasher finds your videos! Thank you again!
Hi...lol, i think i was laughing to hard to fix the dishwasher!!!   ty very much!! awesome persona and sense of humor!!
Never shown how to take off the fan :(
OMG!!! THE LONGEST VIDEO EVER!! I EVEN FORGOT WHY I WAS WATCHING FOR!!!
You’re moving too much.  Can’t see what you’re doing.
This guy’s wife is going to make a casserole later for sure.
Just watched the video and was able to unclog my dishwasher.  Thank you!!  SUPER HELPFUL!!!
SHORT CIRCUIT!! No disassemble!!
Very informative video, it's just a shame it's not for a Whirlpool Quiet Partner ii, which I have.  Enjoyed the humor also.  Even though it's not for model I have, sure I will be able to figure it out unless I can find the proper one.   Thank you, and by the way, I'll buy the lobster but you'll have to cook it.
Awesome video dishwasher is working fine I didn’t even swear once
Just used your video today! It was great. I couldn't believe how much gunk was down there! Thank you so much!!
just as you were supposed to show how to remove the bottom sprayer, instead of showing that you announce something crypic about some previous problem you had, end up speaking of having cut yourself, never show how you dissembled the sprayer.  which is, you didn't script your video and are incompetant to actually make this video.  Jerk.
What is the model of this dishwasher? I’m pretty sure this is the one I have and need to order parts for it such as a possible new top rack and a new grinder blade.
Awsome
My husband and I fixed our 12 year old dishwasher tonight, thanks to this video!
Great video. The movie you were quoting is Short Circuit your mother was a sonwblower lol
Can confirm the validity of this video. Just cleaned the filter out. Will withhold my judgment on the commentary as a consequence
You’re almost as funny as Stephen Colbert and jimmy kimmel
That little plastic ring seal on mine is torn and I can't find a replacement part anywhere!
Heavy dark circles
July 2024 - You came to the rescue for me!  Thanks for taking the time to post this video.
Thanks for skipping the removal of that bottom piece.
I haven't read all 1200 comments but one more trick. You do not need to separate the propeller from the gray plastic u-tube spray assembly. Just unclick the u-tube spray assembly from the top and back like you showed and it then unclip it from the bottom part. You are left with just the small part of the bottom part of the u-tube and you can rotate it clockwise to remove like you showed - with the propeller still attached!
The one part I can’t get off is the one part you didn’t show. !
Having trouble with the propeller/spray arm catching on the screw when I put it back on! What can I do?
Damn you. The camera was not on some of the most important stuff you did. I am a 70 yr old widow and I had a terrible time getting this crap back in place and I am still struggling with the piece of so called Kitchen Aide junk, supposed to be the best and it’s too damned complicated and time consuming!
Wanted to add I also appreciated how you made it so approchable. Cause there was a second when you mentioned the head of the tool you needed by number and by brain was like yeah I am out I can’t do this but then because you said “yeah look it me looking so important/ knowledgeable—really it’s just a star screw” or something to that nature I stuck a round and now my washer is fixed. Girls can do it too! I always wondered how men knew how to do these things when we all went to the same school. I now figure it’s just that men are brave enough to try that’s it! And secondly their wives are looking at them like if you can’t fix it we are screwed so he tries. So I decided to be brave and try things and there is so much skill growth I think a lot of women miss out on in adult hood that men get through trying and learning. Of course men often have this time to try cause women are hiking down the fort cooking and caring for children
Great video. Thanks so much. Perfect instruction video includes all the steps and some humor. You just save the environment and helped me financially. Thank you. Keep up the good videos.
How do you get the piece out of the bottom?
Hi man, 12 years later still usefull for a guys that bought a old couple house. Thank you hope it does the trick.. Found 3 toothpicks 😂
Is this the most Canadian dad video ever?
Thank you for your help! I wish I could post a picture of the fungus farm we were growing in our dishwasher! I couldn't have gotten it sufficiently clean without your helpful video! The only thing I wasn't sure how to clean very well are the cavities at the bottom of the door! Seems like poor design... not sure why they are there! Any tips for that? I did my best with a steamer and tooth brush.
You just taught this wifey how to fix my dishwasher. Thank you!! Can't wait to brag to my hubby. I fixed it so he doesn't have to when he gets home!!
You didn’t show the most important part taking off the bottom !!
I did a trial run and got part of it cleaned out this afternoon, now my hubby is wanting to make dinner so I put it back together. Tomorrow morning I'm going to get right down to the bottom of it and finish cleaning it. I can hardly wait. Thanks so much for making this video!!!!
February 2024 and your video is a lifesaver! I was so stressed trying to find the filter before, but then this Midwestern dad made it easy and even a little entertaining. I hope you are now "making what a repairman makes" with your 1 million views! 🎉
Thanks Tom, I sure appreciate you taking the time to make this video. And adding the comedy, especially with Johnny 5, in Short Curcit. That cracked me up. I have been wanting to clean my dishwasher for years but couldnt figure out how to get to the filter. Also, for anyone that has an older model Kitchen aid like the one in Toms video, if the heating coil goes, it cant be replaced. The part has been discontinued. The kitchen aid guy said they had one, however, when i received the part it was different, it had a bigger curve in it. My husband made it fit, but it. Is not the correct part. When I called Kitchenaid they said the actual replacement part was discontinued and the part they sent me was the closet part to the original. Thanks again Tom? 16:17
Thank you so much for this video
My Kitchen Aid dishwasher was not emptying.  I followed his directions and found the filter, filter cover and locations under the filter were seriously blocked with a variety of food items.  After a good cleaning and reassembly the dishwasher is working perfectly.  Many thanks for your video.
Everything about this video is cringeworthy.
I don't know if my clean up job did the trick yet, but the blades were definitely jammed. Most helpful was knowing what to do if I had a perspective from inside the dishwasher ;).
You are TOO funny, my friend! I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of Gary Chapman, the Christian recording artist, but you remind me so much of him. Anyway, thanks for the info. It helped a lot!
I have watched numerous videos on repairing my Kitchenaid dishwasher with little or no success.  This video walked me through the necessary steps to repair the appliance in a simple and logical manner.  Thanks very much.  i enjoyed his sense of humour.  Kudos to the presenter.
Very, very helpful.  Thank you for posting
Thank you! I've been trying to fix it. Now it works great! ❤
really sucks that you cut out how to remove the lower assembly.....
I knew you had mental issues but I was convinced when you stated a lady was selling that toolbox for $5 and you talked down to $2! Get yourself some dignity!
THANK YOU my mom and I just fixed our dishwasher that we were going to get rid of!!!! 🙌🏼
11 years later.  Number 5!   My kids are too big for rides!  Thanks for the folksy instructions.
GET A TRIPOD AND SHOW WHAT YOU DID!  I don’t care about the blood!
when is your home Dental Work episode?
Good job! 👍
I watched a 15 minute video that sucked because it was so long, so here is my cut down 16 minute video.
NOTE: somehow the first version I was watching had a big chunk of the process 2/3 of the way through    spliced into the tutorial right after unsnapping the water feed tube removal, so it was useless Until… i decided to watch the whole thing to se if the reinstall would give me a clue.  Everything was pretty simple after that (except find the 2nd size torque wrench! - why do manufacturers do stuff like this?).
Thank you so much! This was exactly what I needed. I am grateful for everything except the fake eating dishwasher crud... 😅🤢🤮 Ours came with our house and had clearly never been cleaned. I found a toothpick, cherry pit, pumpkin seeds, broken ceramic dish, melted plastic and gross fatty buildup. No shrimp though 😂🎉
I went to a garage sale. Maybe she was divorced. I don't know. But I got this toolbox full of stuff I don't know how to use. Really?
"Star shaped screws" are called Torx screws, nor Tork!
I dare you to watch this video from the beginning to the end and determine the actual sequence in which he did things.
This videos helped me clean my dishwasher. Thank you.
Dude - thank you for posting, but you literally gave me motion sickness watching this!
Good energy dude
I have this same dishwasher and this is the only video I can find about taking it apart to clean, bless you
Wow! I thought I had cleaned all the passages in my Whirlpool dishwasher BUT... you showed me another that I missed!  YOU ARE THE MAN!  Thanks for posting!!
Great and informative video!   Dishwasher is working great now! Thanks Tom.
OMG. I got motion sick by the camera jumping around.  Please stick to the topic.  I really need to figure out how to take apart my dishwasher
Nice Johnny 5 reference...
It is July 2023 and THANK YOU for this video!!  Great attitude too!!
My yellow lab also loves everything about the dishwasher! My daughter was so impressed to see a dad with a ‘honey-do list’ - as the stay at home mom I do all repairs and hit garage sales for great tools - and she’s learned a lot (mainly that she wants to get a good job so she can call someone😆).   My son has become very handy and helped me with this- he’s not as afraid of tearing things apart as I am.  The screen filter does come off and ours was 🤢 .   Thank You for making this fun 🎉
My fan at the bottom is not coming off the first step and i am stuck. I need help . What's a trick
Thanks for the video! Oh, and the movie is Short Circuit 😊
Hello, what model of dishwasher do I have the same one but I don't know accidentally it wuits the 4-way blade and I can't put it on
Did noone get Short Circuit? Johnny #5?
Thank you! Same internals as a Maytag MDB7759SA
I AM AT the final step - but I just cannot get the propeller back on - I've tried for over 30 minutes. SOMEONE HELP ME!!!
9 years later, but....SHORT CIRCUIT!!  Such a great movie.  Great job!
Wait! You said, "next we have to undo this..." then it was off and you were bleeding...?! So far you have skipped every vital step.
Thanks. The video had sequences out of order, but no big deal. 1.5 Millon views? Wow!
Thank you for this. Single mom of 2 young ladies and very far from “handy”. This was perfect and easy to follow.
Just watching this 11 years later, but the reference is "Short Circuit".  What do I win?!
Johnny 5, is ALIVE! What a great movie shoutout 👏  now to get back to figuring out if I have the right tools or if I call for backup help 🤔
I know it’s been 10 years since you made this video, but did your hand cut ever heal up? Any gangrene?
It helps to thoroughly rinse your utensils.
The long grey piece does not just pop off. Tore up the dishwasher trying to get it off. Thanks for nothing!
Thank you so much for this video. I heard something dripping in the kitchen and saw the bottom of the kitchenaide was leaking even though we hadnt used it for 2 days. Not much gunk in there but i think it was a clog in the drain pipe U joint under the sink that fed into the washer drain hose and eventually creating a puddle at the bottom of the washer. Basement ceiling did actually stain!
Thanks! You have no idea how much this helped!  So appreciate you 👍
They sell vintage Kitchenaid dishwashers on eBay.  Frosty, what is your dishwasher models number so I can watch for 1? tia
Having trouble getting the sprayer arms off, any suggestions?
Hello, i could not remove the grey tube that goes to and up the back. I was not able to lift it.  I was only able to twist it slightly to the right and then it wouldnt budge.  The middle of it also seemed to be stuck to the middle of the back wall. What do I do?
What’s that little mushroom thingy in the corner there? How do I take it apart to clean?
So this helped me a lot. Knowing T20 and T 15 was really really helpful. Appreciation from Dublin, Ohio ❤
This is the most Wisconsin video I've ever watched.
short circuit!   --- "would you like to be a pepper too?"
I wasn't sure how to get to the drain filter, thank you for including it in your video! My dishwasher is all cleaned up now!
Thank you for helping us fix our dishwasher!  Worked like a charm.  Now  I’m just seriously grossed out by what we’ve been cleaning our dishes in 😂
OMG SOS I NEED YOU LOL I just took apart my kitchen aid  dishwasher and I don’t know how the 2 parts hook back on the top rack!!!
Aside from all the unnecessary commentary and failed attempts at humor, it was helpful.
Watch the whole video first.
DEWALT T15 for he grinder!
DEWALT T20 Tork Screw driver bit, got it! Thanks!
HOW DID YOU REMOVE THE FOUR SCREWS HOLDING THE SCREEN ON THE BOTTOM OF THE DISHWASHER? (6 point star nut)
Dude!! You have saved my a$$ again! Thank you :D
Roggie is that you from CJ 1990's?
Thanks thanks...
Made it look as easy as it was.  13 years of gunk pulled out of the bottom, as well as all the grease that accumulated there.  Doing a dishwasher cleaning cycle first, then will run some dishes, and se what happens.
Thank you for making this so entertaining.   BTW:  You showed the filter removed first and then you showed how to remove the filter.🖖
Dang!!!  Why is it so hard to clean a dishwasher?  You have to do surgery on the darned thing!
Thanks so much for this video!! We just moved into a new house and the dishwasher sucked! I’ve been trying to get the hubby to clean it and after finding your video decided to do it myself. It was NASTY 🤢. I had to run to the bathroom after pulling up the bottom part. Pretty sure it has NEVER been cleaned.  Ugggh
I just HAD to pop in and say THANK YOU. I followed your instructions and cleaned my dishwasher and saved $1,000 cuz hubby wanted to just buy a new one. I had a hard time getting the top basket to unlock and a few probs with the metal plate coated with hair (?) but I now have clean dishes!!! Thank you SO much. You save me money. BTW, hubby is disabled after heart surgery so I’m learning to do a lot of “Honey do” projects. I’m a retired teacher and learn by books, but your video is awesome!!!! 💗💕🎻🎶
Thank you!!!!!! Fun to watch too.
Soooo helpful. I had trouble with the metal screen, trying to seat it in the back groove, then moved it closer to the door. Just read your comments about that! Hah wish I had seen them first. Thanks!
So what happens when the simple little plastic thing that you are suppose to be able to unscrew breaks!!?? 😩😬And you can’t get the propeller looking thing off to even get to the filter area?
What a bad video
Thanks for your excellent presentation.Done every thing fine but while fitting back the shower propeller at the floor of dish washer  the central knobs unable to screw as told by you "press and move clock wise " but while opening press and anticlockwise  rotation opened that easily but not while fiting back . Pls advise ?
The video I needed but had to stop watching after you bragged about ripping off a woman at her garage sale for a great find of a complete tool box. She was only asking $5 and you “talked  her down”?,  you are someone I definitely don’t want to listen to.
Ran it after I did the fix and water is still standing in the bottom.  Any idea if what else it could be?  Please and thank you.
Thank you this dismay third time watching this to fix my dishwasher.
John5 is alive!
Fantastic video! Helped me for the exact reasons I needed, thank you!! Great sense of humor too!
Thanks for this video! Hate that it's so much work just to clean my dishwasher, but at least you made it entertaining! Appreciated the Short Circuit reference too :)
Thank you, matched my Kitchen Aid part for part.... got a lot of "bits and pieces" out of it. Not only running cleaner but quieter too, no more grinding noise. This video with your instruction made it easy....and boy did I feel important when I got a "Great job hunny "... 👍
There's another screen behind the chopper that you have to remove the dishwasher to get to. If you don't clean that screen, you still may not achieve 100% performance. You have to remove the recirculation pump in order to get to it but it's really easy, just one bolt. Mine had all kinds of stuff jammed into it.
Great video.  Not to long and fun to watch.  Gave great directions and like the short clip at the front in case you don't want to watch all the details.
What happens if this area was clean but still doesn’t drain or clean? Stumped.
Omg this was hilarious! You’re so funny! I just had this playing while I disassembled everything & it’s working great now! I had to rewind a few parts because I was laughing, and not paying attention. Too bad my husband didn’t get the jokes.   That’s ok, he’s lazy, completely un-handy, & kinda a piece of 💩 sometimes. You though, ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️!!!
The real MVP. Best tutorial for this. Many thanks champ
10 years later and you're still helping us out.  No more stink from my DW!   I owe you a lobster I guess.
Short circuit 1 by the way. No disassemble . Johnny 5 Is alive ..
Shout out to all the dad's out there
not quite in sequence anyway..
Listening to you makes me homesick for Minnesota!  Thanks for the great step by step, with heart!
Thank you so much for sharing, this is the same type of dishwasher we have, and by watching this i was able to take it apart and clean it, thanks again
You’re still valid ‼️ 😁🎺🎺🎺😁🎺🎺🎺😁
Those are enot ment to be cleaned, unless there is an issue
Good video but I got dizzy as you move too much can you use headlights instead of flash light . And give camera to someone else so you show what you exactly did . Will be nice to see more helpful videos from you . Thanks
Who talks someone down from $5 to $2 for an old tool box? give me your Venmo you must be hungry lolol
Great job and great video! Glad to hear we have the same humor!
I know this is an old video, but it helped me take apart my machine! And when you said not to get blood inside is exactly when I cut my thumb taking out the filter XD
Why wouldn't you start with how to get the first piece off?
Thanks for the video, I was able to unclog my KitchenAid dishwasher by following along!
This was hands down the best DIY video I have seen. You are hysterical and thorough in explanation.  Your constant quips made cleaning my dishwasher so much fun.  And now my dishwasher is cleaning better. THANK YOU!!!
Help!! I took my blade out and want to make sure I put it back in right!! Anyone????
Thank you so much! Easy peasy to do this myself. I hadn’t seen any videos showing how to take the screened part apart off the whole filter but it just snaps on and off. Found most of the gunk in there.
Your an idiot. Thanks for leaving out a key peice.
He failed to mention there are metal clips the you can simply push to remove the grey thing from top & back, so you don’t have to pull anything. Because you might end up pulling the clip off the top of dishwasher 👎🏼 Then you’re screwed
That little knob you hold and turn the blades is all worn down and can’t eve. Grab it with plyers. Any ideas?
Everyone said it had to be replaced but I fixed it with the help of this tutorial. You are a life saver my man. It was dirty work but oh so worth it. I'm so proud of myself. :)
Ok as a 34yr old 1st time homeowner female, this video is everything. The jokes added some laughter as I followed along 🤣  Thank you!!
Thank you. This was very helpful. I borrowed a few tools and saved money on a repair. :-)
Remind people it's not right tighty, lefty lucy in this case and mine looks like yours but the screw won't come out🙄
There is one step I have not seen covered well in any of these videos on Kitchenaid dishwashers: If you remove the metal "shredder" from beneath its cover (the one at the bottom, with a single screw to the left)... Beware! Replacing it is not as simple as pulling it out. What I did was use a pair of needle-nose pliers, holding it with the plastic gear mesh part fully pushed-in on its spring, then push the entire part down with the pliers into its semi-circular slot on the bottom. Then, holding the part in place with my other hand at the top, I slid the pliers off, allowing the spring to then let the plastic gear mesh engage with the gear shaft. If I did not do it that way, the result was that the gear mesh was disengaged with its gear, causing an ugly noise and obviously not working correctly. If others are encountering this issue, they may, like me, fail to create a video simply because they do not want to go through that tricky maneuver again, just for the camera!
Thank you so much for this video!!! Bought a new house with this dish washer and I was able to do this myself!!
Ummm where is the filter lol
This helped me and my old kenmore thanks!  Get a camera holder person for the next one so we can see all.  Cheers.
Bad video.
Awesome. I came here after the Kitchenaid site let me down. 3 minutes later, I was working on getting all the smelly gunk out of my dishwasher. Not the most pleasant job, but way better with this commentary. :)
I found the humor annoying and it made a 5 min job into a 16 min video.  But after weeding through it all...it saved me bucks! Thanks for that!
Thank you so much for doing this!  I had basically the same issue with a 20 year-old Kitchenaid.  I searched high and low for a service manual, but couldn't find one that was from a site that I trusted. Then I found this and you showed me everything I needed!  Job is now done, and the unit is going through a test run with a reduced load.  Thanks again!
This was seriously hilarious, but exactly what we were looking for. LOL We don't have cable so you may be date night movie until summer!
OMG you saved us! Awesome video. We followed everything you did and got the gross job done. And love your sense of fun.  Thx so much!!
How do you start by saying you can do it in less than 15 mins, but then this is part one of three parts and items already 16+ mins. lol
This was soooo funny!
So helpful! I especially appreciated the exact T15 and T20 sizes, no need for trial and error. I was grossed out by the video; fortunately my rental dishwasher was much cleaner on the inside (can't begin to describe how disgusting the debris behind the door seal was though--another trouble spot that should be cleaned!).
How did you get the filter out you skipped a huge step around 1:39, mine won't budge lol?
You're really funny lol. I laughed out loud when you said you were going to try to get at much infection into your open wound as possible. My dishwasher looks a lot different but this still helped me. Going to try this this weekend. Thanks!
Not only do you have 3 dishwashers but if you think about it they’re voice activated too!
I needed this for the 4th screw and finding out where the mystery clear gasket came from. Thanks so much. Owe you a seafood dinner. My family heard your commentary and enjoyed it too. I don't have a KitchenAid, but Whirlpool and it is identical.
You are hilarious. I am educated and entertained. Short Circuit
How do you make this vid 16 mins long? So stupid.
Video saved me $$$. Appliance Tech diagnosis was bad pump.
Thank you for the humor along with the knowledge!
FYI - woman fix dishwashers (and cars, refrigerators, washing machines and furnaces). They also own and frequently use tools. Also, men sell tools all the time. Maybe a man who sell tools is doing so because they belonged to his ex-wife, who left him and her old tools behind because she thought her ex-husband needed them more and she has enough money to buy newer, better tools. But it turns out he doesn't know how to use them.
I'm stopped at the dishwasher arm... even with the wrench/plyers... it's stuck tight.  Giving up... (for today)... will wash by hand.  I will try again tomorrow.  The video was awesome!!  Thanks :)
Perfect, thanks for the guidance.
Thanks for the video.  I just finished this project.  👍
You made this 9 years ago, but it is still absolutely is relevant it helped me get my filter cleaned out today! Thank you!
OMG, you are a lifesaver!!! This was EXACTLY the help I needed!
I was gonna complain about the camera work  but then I remembered that I'm here because I don't know how to do what he does, thanks!
Thank you for the afternoon smiles, made my day! Great video, I think I may be able to go diving for some shrimp tails all on my own now! yayay (:
I've referred to this video about 8 times to clean my dishwasher.  Thank you so much!
Hilarious!!😂
The most entertaining home repair video i have seen since a Russian hacker explained how to change the batter in a Lexus key fob.  Nicely done!!
This video helped me revive my dishwasher.  By following the steps and enjoying the wry humor, our dishwasher is once again cleaning the top rack.  That the video has had over 1.3M views is amazing. Really?  Who knew. One word of advice, if you are not careful (and I must not have been) when trying to unscrew the mashirator cover,  the screw bit can slip down into the slot for the water outlet.  Before panic ensued,  by briefly starting  the dishwasher, the screw bit was floated out & was retrieved.  Whew, that was close.  As we go into the 2020 Holidays, it is great that the dishwasher is once again ready to go.  Thanks again for the video.
Thank you for what you do. Dishwasher running fine now!
"less than 15" video is 16 mins long haha
Short circuit?
Hi! Thanks so very much for the video!!  Had the same issue, fixed it easily thanks to your instructions.  All the best!
Great job, unfortunately something happened to the vid and its out of order but luckily it jumped right to where I needed it to be. Unless you cut it like that which makes it even greater! :D
This guy is hillarious and great at explaining everything in detail! His wife is very lucky to have a humorous and handy hubby!
This video was super simple to follow! Thanks!!
Thanks and praises to you for being such a clear and memorable teacher! (And curses on the engineers who made such a basic task as cleaning the filter and grinder so complicated!)
Just a suggestion...to save the Lab from dissentary and your wound from gangrene clean the gunk with an indoor/outdoor wet/dry shop vac with a brush attachment. Bigger tool...much more impressive!!!  Great video!
$5?!!!  you couldnt pay the woman $5 for a filled toolbox?  I thought my wife was cheap, but MAN...  you are the winner by a mile.
Thank you! Really didn’t wana contact my landlord for simple dishwasher stuff so I was able to do everything on my own felt like a real handygal!
Leever/Lever....Could I get a Beaverage?
The most entertaining fix it ever!  I was able to get it apart and back together.  Very tasty!!  Hope you get a tri-pod for your birthday
Great video! Huge help. And I love your sense of humor. What's your dog's name? She's beautiful!
Great video
Dude I'm not watching 45 mins
Great and informative! I'll definitely be back here in another 5 years when we have to clean our dishwasher again!
Thank you for taking the time to this video to help others ! Cleaned mine with the help of my son . The fly wheel was a pain but we got it . Now the big test is to try it out . Thank you !
reverse threads on the plastic screw. You were turning it the wrong way.....(spray arm)
Incredibly helpful - thank you so much!
Thank you for your wit & guidance.  It took me slightly longer to expunge the goop & nasty that was lurking in our dishwasher.  At some point a drinking glass was destroyed...the evidence was hanging out with the shrimp tails.  Yes, there were actual shrimp tails in the bin o' nasty.  Thank you, again.
The Tool joke lmao
i opend mine after it ran and a roach ran out kitchen maid kudp01dlwh3
Dishes were not coming out clean, especially on the top rack. Watched your video, and disassembled my Maytag and the screen cover had five toothpicks and covered in gunk - restricting the water flow. Cleaned the cover, then cleaned off the screen and then cleaned all the debris in the pit which included broken glass and plastic pieces from my cutlery box. Washed the filter and top screen.  Dishwasher works like a charm. Full water flow and you can hear the water circulating now. Ran one quick cycle with no dishes and then ran a hot cycle with a bottle of Finish dishwasher cleaner and now my dishes and glasses are coming out sparkling clean.
Thanks, that was really funny bud... We had a great chuckle and learned a bit 👍
Amazing! Thank you so much for making this. I nearly lost my nerve in the middle of it, but it’s all clean, reassembled and functioning. Again, thanks!
Could not get the shredder cover off
the thing in the middle wobbles..  what did I do wrong..  there was not washer for it?   what?
You talk to much about un important thing.
This was so funny
Thanks for this great video. But can you please remake it with a steadier hand??? (Dude, you are goofy and entertaining, but were making me really dizzy for sure!  ***I have one suggestion that I haven't seen anyone else mention too:  Instead of using a spoon to suck out all of the crap (and then eating it, hahahah...) flood the bottom with hot soapy water and then use a shop vac to suck it all out. And a toothbrush to scrub it all. Works like a charm!   So I definitely wear the pants around here when it comes to repairs and using power tools for some reason. Perhaps b/c my father is mechanically inclined, I am too. My husband would have rather gone out and purchased a new dishwasher than to try to fix anything himself. I never knew you were supposed to have to clean a cleaning machine.... but figured I'd give it a Google search and found your video. And viola! My 10 yo dishwasher cleans like new again! So thanks a bunch, and please consider remaking a "cleaner", more steady and thorough video, steps more detailed and in order, and using the suggestions that a few of us have mentioned. That would be really awesome. Have a great day!
Thank you very much for the video. My dishes have been having more and more hard debris on them. The instructions were awesome.  You had corn....I had a kids lollipop stick in front of the blade.
Don't listen to this poorly filmed and badly misinformed video. Thanks for the broken dishwasher.
Thanks, man. Helpful to figure out how to disassemble with confidence.
This is the best of YouTube. Probably best of humanity too
Thx for the help!!
after i remove the bottom sprinkler there are hex screws, do i need a new socket set?
Thank you. Great video.
I have never had so much fun learning to clean my dishwasher!
Short Circuit "Johnny 5 is alive"
You forgot to clean the main screen on the big round grey part you spun off. Flip it over and you will see that the screen is almost the size of the whole top. Your machine is still semi- clogged. It pops  right off and rinse it in the sink and snap it back in.
I have no idea why people are so stupid and putting a dishes with food into dishwasher instead of pre-rinsing.LOGIC SENSE IS A KEY!
dont use a drill on a dishwasher!!
completely usless....couldnt see shit...cellphone camera shaky and not loking at actual parts.
If you mess up the order of things with the lower washer arm mount.  Plastic washer goes atop the plastic bolt and under the "internal feed cap". Also, the lower washer arm will wobble a bit.  It is not mounted tight like an airplane prop. Some KA have a water "manifold" that mounts to the bottom "feed tube assy", clips into "manifold valve assy". it's a good idea to have a pdf of the parts to ref before you dig in, if you never have before.  Search parts assy for your model.
Hi, excellent video!! I finished cleaning everything out and then ran a test cycle, but I still have standing water.. Ugh! Any suggestions for next steps? Should I remove the water again and try to pour in a vinegar solution? I could also try cleaning that screen as well. I am just hesitant to pry it open
I'm glad I won't the free video lol Thanks for the tutorial..now on to the fun part.  Hey I'm still looking for the diy stitch up your hand video lol 😂
Great Tutorial!  I did it, with a little help from my husband.  I actually needed him to tighten a  screw for me.  I like to fix things myself instead of hiring a handyman and your video was great. And my dishwasher works like a charm!  No blood here!
Big shout out to you for this great video! Easy step-by-step directions, and I found about twice as much junk in mine than you showed in your video. Washer works like new again, and my wife is so happy with me. Thanks brother!
Thank You 👏🏽 Love ur sense of humor too!
Good lord, this man is a straight up mood.
How did you get the metal clips on the arm to the upper propeller thing to clip back in place on the top and back of the dishwasher? I'm not getting any "snap"
Why not divide the video in 10 parts, silly?
Thank you so much - a great video! And it works like new now.
Funny, you watched a 15 minute video, said it won't take that long and then produced a 16 minute video. Later.
Mine had almost no debris, food residue or non-food residue at all in the sump area/inside the morcellation pocket (grinder area under the cover).  I did find a light blue rubber lid/cover about 1.5in diameter laying in the sump area..?  I cant find any component on the cover, grinder, rotating sprayer arm where it would go..???  Any ideas..???
Ha! Funny guy... :) ..ha Super helpful. Thx!
You’re not very good at filming lol but explained it spot on. Thank you for putting out this video.
How is possible to follow his instructions with such shaky hands? Get a tripod for god sake!!
You are awesome!!!!  Thank you for posting.
do we need to clean the coarse strainer？
Entertaining and helpful for sure, but you have some sequences out of order. Needs re-editing!
Thank you!!!!!
wow! 1.1 million views! Nice! I'm two of them :) I watched this the first time I cleaned our 10 year old dish washer. Now, I'm watching it again to clean our 11 year old dishwasher! I had to replace parts the first time. Thanks for posting.
You did great, Tom.  :)  Time for me to go do this right now.  Thank you!
Way too shaky can’t even watch
Very helpful ty. But you did say you would cut to the chase and shorten up 15 minutes to something faster. Your video was actually longer lol. Just saying
Hi I’m a single mom, I really liked your video! I knew from the first few minutes that it was going to be too difficult for me to do, but I continued watching cause I really love your personality/sense of humor! Every time I watch a DIY they are very boring but you’re was great thank you!
More light.  Get a head lamp or a lamp in the dishwasher so we can clearly see what you are doing.  Thanks for posting this though!  REALLY helpful!
Number 5 is alive
Lol...... the funniest how to video I’ve seen in a long time. Thank you 😊
Great video! I have the same model and was having problems with debris on the top glasses and occasionally the load not coming clean. Tried cleaning the top filter, running multiple cleaners, and sani-washes to no avail. Following your video I took mine apart. Got a paper towel covered with gunk, plastics, and a paper wrapper. The food grinder had two 1 inch pieces of wooden chopsicks!. I took the very top spinner apart to clean it also. Got it back together and it is like new.
I want to thank you for your wonderful video.  This is the second time you saved my marriage.  All the best.  Update: The Intake (Inlet) Water Valve is also a problem - easy to replace.  Vincentfam
thank you so much for this video, I found so much funky nasty gunk under the filter, gross! running it now to see if it's totally fixed. GOD BLESS YOU!!!!
You are just too cute! I love your attitude. If you're now divorced, I'll marry you lol, but I don't suspect you are. You are just too happy and content.
Thanks for this video - I have the exact same model (installed 2004), and this was really precise and helpful. Park Richard's comments are helpful, as cleaning out the flappers on the back water pipe is good to do.  Will run tonight and hope for improved results!
The movie was Short Circuit
This video is excellent, but I would suggest you watch the entire video before you proceed because there is some discontinuity of the order. Or at least it seems so to me. But, if you watch the whole thing once, then you can go back to the parts that relate to where you are in the process. With what we learned by this video set, we were able to clean out the drain and filters. The KitchenAid phone support technician was not able to help us with this. DW works great now!
Muchas gracias por la ayuda. Todo Perfecto. Desde Colombia....
Thanks for this. Dishwasher was buzzing and followed your lead...found a chunk of plastic deep down getting caught. Problem solved!
Thank you so so much sir. I was crying. I have four children and I run a daycare in my home. My husband watched this and got it done so fast. You would not believe the stuff we found. Thanks again! God bless you
Thanks, very useful and entertaining! I have cleaned our dishwashers twice and watched your video every time
This just saved my afternoon!  Thank you!
on you next video you may want to tell them to disconnect the power. A friend of mine after watching your video accidentally bumped the knob and almost chopped his finger clean off.
Painful to watch!  Buy a TriPod !!
Dude, you are killing me! :-)
This is really excellent. I dug all the way down to the blade and found a few toothpicks that were making it sounds like a bunch of gravel was down in the motor.
You just saved me a phone call and $300 in labour. Thanks!
great video on disassembly great video on putting it back together but unless i missed something, i thought your were going to instruct on cleaning the screen?
Good information; get yourself  a TriPod !!
AND Thank you, I will be able to clean my own dishwasher. With a big banana smile, BECAUSE OF YOU.
I wish I had had a husband or Dad like you. OMG. Mine (both) were  scary alcoholics. I thought you were brilliant, kind, funny and lovable. Peace and Love to you. I am 70.
excellent!  my dishwasher is fixed thanks to you.  it was really gross.
Education with humour is always better
Great video.  Helped me a  lot.  Another video told me to check the little rubber flappers that the top rack plugs into.  In my case one flapper had broken off and thankfully I found it.  The other flapper seems flimsy.   So I took that assembly apart, very easy to do.  Then I traced around the flapper "gasket" on a cottage cheese lid.  I cut out only one hole since we use only the upper position.  I put it back together in such a way that the remaining flapper never goes into the water stream.  This completely plugged the lower hole.  Now the upper rack works better than it ever has.
Super helpful video.  Thanks for teaching my how easy this was!
Very helpful and i love the jokes and fun too thank you
Bet your from Minnesota or the Dakotas maybe.
Hey, this is awesome! How do I clean that screen that is on there.  The circular one.
SHORT CIRCUIT!
surprised you didn't strip the plastic screw holes with your dewalt drill.
My husband and I watched your video together and enjoyed it. My husband was impressed that you knew the correct names for tools. People in a lot of other videos do not.
Lol love this video!
will u marry me?
Nice job on the video. Thanks
I can't get the bottom propeller to get back on, it came of real easy
Great sense of humour!
This was great, it helped me fix my dishwasher! Thank you! “Get out of the dishwasher” hahaha
THANKS!!!!  My 15 year old daughter and I borrowed the star screwdriver, followed the instructions and we are in business!!
Providing this information is definitely valuable and I thank you for it. But it might be much more valuable if: 1. You cut out the annoying  back ground music and your attempted humor and corny comments off the subject. 2. You have someone else hold the camera so that it does not stray off the area of work, or is shaking while you are trying to demonstrate a procedure,  thereby making the whole  picture taking look like children were playing.  But I do commend you for displaying common sense and shining a light into the dishwasher, unlike another demonstrator who was demonstrating in almost complete darkness,  obscuring all possible visibility of the process.
lol it's always a open wound....when you need to fix something the family really needs.  I think dad blood lubes 75% of all my DIY repairs!
Atrocious photography.
Thank you for sharing this video! I fixed a drainage problem with my dishwasher by watching this video.    Proud of myself and grateful. Thanks again!
Fun project, it been seating in my honey do list for a few months soooooo it’s time to star the fun Thanks for your time and generosity.
Attaching bottom twirl arm on kitchen aid dish washer F73710857 utube
I unassembled my dishwasher to clean it. I am now putting it back together.  When screwing that top round nugget piece to attach the bottom spray arm it is not tight at all and the bottom spray arm wiggles extremely. Do you know what I’ve done wrong?  I tighten it completely to where the threads stop and  it wouldn’t be possible to turn any more.  It wiggles so much that the spray bar can actually hit the metal heater bar.  Is this normal?
Thanks, that food chopper cover was caked in there! thanks again!
Thanks for this video. I was able to find and remove the chicken bone that had jammed things up because of it. And it wasn't even snowing outside when I did it!
Nothing tricky about attaching the spindle to the hub.  The screw has left hand threads.  No need for the big pliers.  Your fingers can twist it off.  No tools required if you unscrew it in the correct direction.
Thank you so much!  I followed step by step and fixed my dishwasher.  Easily saved me $250.  :)
Camerawork.
You took way too fucking long to explain shit fuck you bitch
Me and my husband followed this video step by step today.  Dishwasher is running great now!!  Thanx!!!
For those of you that want to clean the cutter, removal is fairly easy. The back part is usually spring loaded. Use a screwdriver on the back side to push the blade away and then lift up. Please note where the screen seats. Spent 10 minutes trying to get it to seat in a slot it didn't belong in. Clean the screen and cutter. To replace it, use an open ended wrench between the blade and screen to pull the blade out. Also note the screen may be unidirectional. My Maytag's screen had two notches. Drop the screen in and then line up the backend connector and then pull out the wrench.
At 2:35 the video time jumps back to the beginning....just before what I need to see in order to get the shredder cover off. Jump to 8:22. So I guess you did this editing on purpose which is funny and all except when under time pressure, which you obviously are not. Cheers.
Simple prophylactic to prevent the problem - rinse your dishes first - no food, no clogs.
My husband is handy but he says that is better to buy a new one.  Its too much trouble to be inside it. You are so funny, you make the trouble be worthy .... I laughed so much...thank you
Short Circuit!
Do I have to unplug my dishwasher to just clean out the filter
Good job buddy. I too have a big tool. lmao
thanks!Found a whole meal in there! Great help
Thank you! And especially thank you for including how you cleaned the screened section in the notes!
Thanks Frosty, easy repair and I'm sure it saved me $100.  What I found was a 3/4" x 3/4" piece of ceramic cup or plate.  While I was at it, I bought 4 new upper tray rollers; another easy fix.  Tom
you Canadians are cool
This guy is hilarious
This was amazing!! There was some gooood chuckle moments in that clip
Thanks. This helped me understand how to get my KitchenAid dishwasher cleaned out.
Thank you so much for this video!!! I just finished cleaning ours and it works like a charm!!!  I just found out I shouldn't open the door now while the washer is on!! LOL... We just saved a good chunk of money because of your video!
my is so old none of these apply ! but I still learned it "don't bite" jus get in there & do it ! some good tips 1
You are so fun.  "Short Circuit" by the way
I know this is an old video but its 2:30 in the morning and I am now finishing up cleaning my Kitchen Aide dishwasher and I think it is factory sparkling new. Thanks to a fine young Gentleman on the YouTube.
All you had to do was put 3 cups of Dawn concentrated soap in the  bottom of dishwasher. It will clean that drain out perfectly. Make the interior smell  nice too.
It's about as simple as I thought but I wanted to see what I can break before I started lol
if you come fix my dishwasher you'll be making enough MONEY you can buy us all a Lobster dinner!
we had this issue a few months ago where we had a few inches of water left in the bottom. So I found your video and it was extremely helpful. Now it is doing it again and to be honest I practically wash my dishes before they go into the washer. We do have a disposal but after following your instructions we found that the water flowed freely. Never found what "clogged "it the first time. It is an older machine, just don't want to have to replace it as it does clean and dry very well. Just wondering if there is a shorter, time wise, resolution
Thanks so much. I have used this video twice to clean out our dishwasher, super helpful.
Just cleaned out my machine. I feel like a whole new women with a clean dishwasher. thank you so much. what a great video. so helpful.
Watching how to do this and you are making this so much fun!!:)
Thanks so much!
Great video.  Thanks so much.  Followed your instructions and my dishwasher is working better than ever
took me like an hour because I cleaned all the pipes out and both spray bars... plus I had a whole bag of pistachio shells in there... figured if I'm going to contort myself into a pretzel for 15 minutes I may as well do a thorough job... also short circuit.
How did dog hair get in your dishwasher? I hope you didn't wash your dog in n there.😃
I can't for the life of me get the spindle back on...the last step.  It won't seat and it is not pushed down...it is up and turning. Help!
Thanks man.  It helped.  It's a "torque" bit, btw. And you can easily use a manual screwdriver with interchangeable bits.  Don't need the drill. You get extra points for having a more dirty/clogged  filter/disposal compartment than we did.   When my wife saw how clogged yours was, and that ours looked better (minutely)  by comparison, I got less aggressive version of the  "I TOLD you you've got to RINSE the dishes first!" lecture than I would have gotten otherwise.
I referred to your video two years ago and I'm back for a refresher. Thanks!
Love this!  He’s funny and helpful!
Why are the steps out of order? Very strange.
amazing video and humor!!!! I learned a lot! thank you. you must be amazed by the response you got and are still getting on this video!
Thank you.  This was exactly what I needed to get the job done.  I found so much gross stuff in behind the arms as well.  I was also able to pop off the first filter film to clean off more grossness.
Is your kitchen aid dishwasher working still?
This is AWESOME
THANK YOU
Great video! Thank you!
Thanks for the tip on draining the excess water! Do you have any advice for a dishwasher that leaves brown grit on dishes? The grit also backed up into the sink that is also my garbage disposal.
Hey! Those are MY tools! I was wondering what my ex-wife did with those! Can I borrow those torx bits back from you for a couple days? My new girlfriend needs me to fix her jazzercize bike.
Really appreciated your help with this! Thanks!
Thanks for this video.  My kids say their toothbrushes taste funny now... but other than that, you were spot on!
be careful with that drill!
I bought a used dishwasher that just keeps running and running.  Would this be the problem?  It drains ok though.
Man, I was sitting here sipping my coffee on this fine Sunday morn when I thought to myself, "Gosh, am I sick of drinking caked on crud at the bottom of my coffee cup." Your video saved me time and sanity. I didn't have the food particles that you had but I had a ton of caked on off-white sludge. Looked like lots of unused detergent. Anyone else have this? What detergent to people use if they didn't have this "build-up"?
Shaky cam works even worse in a "how to" video than it does in most movies it is used in.
This is great thanks so much. And very funny!
Eww- never knew so much crap gets hidden in the dishwasher! No wonder ours smells so gnarly!  Thanks for this video. Funny- your floor, cabinets, knobs and wall color paint are the same as ours 😊
Thank you.   I had watched other videos but your fun video was the only one that showed me how to remove that last little part with the blade in it.
Fun and educating. Thank you !
God help anyone who removes that round screen part of the food grinder.  Mine was loaded with junk and I think is the main reason my dishes were not coming out clean.  Probably not enough water flying around inside.  What I found was the metal, round filter would only fit in the slot one way.  It is strangely cut and that is what clued me into my trouble.  Also there are two slots in the bottom frame and I was trying to put it in the back one.  If you do not properly seat it in the forward slot (closest to the door), the plastic shroud will not seat properly and everything will not go back together properly.  Sorry, I don't know all the part names.
Your video is fun to watch.  Thanks for the great video, I now know how to get this thing apart!
Thanks!  Yeah, there is a sequence problem, dishwasher working! Thank you!
This guy is funny!
I'm sure I'm not the first to get it:  Short Circuit!  <3
Editing glitch. Near beginning of vid is way ahead of where you are moments later. At 1:40 in you're already in past the drain screen. ;)
Thank you! It helps to be able to have clear instructions and I need the visual walk through!
Oh yeah and I fancy myself kind of a McGyver type but had never used a torx screwdriver and happy to say the bits were in my box!!!!
Wow this worked like a charm. You can't believe when I got into the disposal part, there were probably 20 bits of plastic that had broken off from the silverware basket. I have replaced that crappy basket twice, so those bits could have been there for years. I am shocked I did not lose this dishwasher! It's amazing how junky the plastic parts are, I have replaced the plate retainer pieces 2 times as well. (There was also a piece of glass, our fault not kitchen aids!)My family got a kick out of me pulling the dishwasher apart and actually finding all that junk! You probably saved me at least $100. So if you come to Atlanta I will buy you a lobster!!!!!
Thanks! That definitely did the the trick! Good help from a fellow Yankee wiseacre. :-)
What type of screwdriver do ou suggest getting to take the screws out?
OMG you are BRILLIANT!!! I had the dishwasher taken apart in 5 minutes! The clean-up took a while because of the unbelieveable amount of ---YUCH–– that had to be removed but I laughed out loud when the first thing I pulled out was....you called it.... A SHRIMP TAIL!!! I even cut myself like you did! Thanks so much for the easy to follow video!!!!
Thank you
Great Video, helped my dad and I fix our dishwasher. Bottom part was filled with glass and gunk
Short Circuit is the movie. #5 Alive!
Hold the friggin' camera still!!  I can't watch this!
I know that movie...hehThis video helped us deal with our dishwasher 2x in the past two years. Thanks for creating it. Hope you ended up with a wicked-cool scar to show off to everyone. Be well.
Worked great on my Kenmore Elite!   Thanks!!!
I totally had fun watching and did everything you showed on your video. Pulled all kinds of junk out without cutting myself. Dishwasher clean now just Ike new! Loved your YouTube!
wow thanks for the help!
Where's Part 3: See Part 3: How to remove and replace the drain hose: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_W9HL... Link not working, please help! Thanks!
Thank you for this video! 90 bucks just to have someone drive out to the house.
Thanks so much for posting this and for having so much fun with it.  I had fun with my boys doing this work.  I found myself saying be careful not to drop the bit down the drai.........  oops!  the bit just wend down into the hole and right into the pump just as I was putting it all back together.  Nothing to do but laugh and get more tools.  I had to pull out the dishwasher and then open the pump from below to get my bit back.  Oh well, it was good fun and only one cut...likely with lots of bacteria in it....but got a big kiss from my girl!  thanks again for your video and for your approach to making it.
Well this was probably the worst video I have seen in a while.
ewwww you should wear gloves!
Your a silly guy, nice quality in my book. Nice video and the best part was the yard sale find. You saved money twice, on the tools and the service call. Kudos
thanks. you saved me a lot of $
Great help - thank you!
I wish all home repair videos were made by you.
Hope you got that lobster dinner!! Thanks for the assist ... :)
I have watched your video at least 10 times but I still can't replace the chopper cover.  However I love this video and your great sense of humor!!  Thanks ever so much.
Narley Video Tom! Now I feel "important" too, especially after my teens stated that hand washing dishes is too ghetto...thanks again and Stay Frosty.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  This is the second time I have used this vid.  First time I had to replace the shredder.  This time the screen needed cleaning.  Took care of that with our handy dandy home pressure washer.  I'd marry you but I'm already taken.  Maybe next time?
You DID look special! And really, really important! It's easier to do a cranky job with the right amount of disregard. My kind of tutorial. I'm going to tackle it. Thanks. PS: Your yellow lab cinched it for me! Beautiful pup.
Thank you!
I'm doing this today. Thanks for the tips and the laughs. The real blood added to the cool action scenes (sorry). With $$$ you saved you can afford a tripod🤓. Great job!
Hi, hasta el momento ya desarme todo, si logro armar la bien, cuenta con tu cena de langosta cuando vengas a la CD de mexico.
How do you take off that little plastic cap thing inside the dishwasher?
OMG.
Thank You so much...but I went a step to far and took off the actual grinder mesh thingy ( I speak your language) and cant get it back on just yet...was hoping not to have to bring in the husband but looking like I will...
Thank you so much for this vid.  Very well done
I've done this before, and it works, but I needed a refresher course. Thanks for the help!
My preference would be for a scripted talk, containing only the information needed. Watching every second of the whole process took WAY more time than needed. I suggest you start with tools needed, and show only as much of the process as needed. I'm guessing the whi\ole thing could have been edited down to 5-6 minutes.
I was laughing...we have the same same kitchen chairs, same drill, and then you pulled out your glasses lol. They were the same too :).....anyway thanks for the vid.....One beef though :(  Its light hearted but never the less - you were already getting a great deal on that tool set, and you talked her down?? Cmon man, just pay the $5. What was your reasoning? You just didnt feel like you should have to pay the ask??
you are too funny!  I loved this and learning something too
Absolutely Loved it!
Thanks a lot for the help. I was able to clean  the dishwasher fully.
Saying "fun" a bunch of times does not make things more.. fun. But this was informative, nonetheless.
very helpfull ThankYou
You are hilarious. I hope this info transfers to my sister's whirlpool.
Thank you. This helped a bunch and your humor kept my mind from going mental about another thing I had to fix! <3
Short Circuit
We had all the tools already and this helped me do all the work myself.  Saved a lot of money and it works perfectly now,
Great video very helpful. fixed my clogged washer .  Two big thumbs up!
Used your video to clean my dishwasher. Very helpful. Found turkey bones, hair, plastic, bread bag ties ect. No wonder it wasn't draining.
What are you doing here
Thanks for the video, it was very helpful!   My dishwasher was a different model, but close enough that your instructions enabled me to get the job done.  Turns out, I had broken glass (wine glass no one told me about, ah-hem) down in the pump area, machine a worrisome rattling noise.   Fixed.   And, I scored points with my wife for not having to call a repair person - you know how expensive that can be.   One trick, I could not find any of the torsion drivers, so I used a metric hex/allan wrench set, being careful not to over tighten or crank too hard.  Sub optimal, but worked fine, the hardware on the KitchenAid was pretty robust.
Great work. I'm a lawyer, though, so I'm not that good with my hands. If I had your tools, I would try this.
GREAT TIPS - especially those that make this honey-do task appear like a pro fix - I'll be using the largest tools I can find!!!
Next time put a stand up to hold the camera/camera phone so we can see what you're doing the whole time. Thanks for the video.
First, get someone to hold your camera.  Secondly, your humor is not amusing.
Yeah, I loved Short Circuit and SC 2 and so on and so forth... yup, I recorded them on my VHS tape! :)  Your wife is a lucky gal! \
Thanks so much for making this video available for do it yourselfers!  We were able to fix our Kitchenaid Dishwasher, saving us so much in repair fees!
Entertaining and educational, Thanks for taking the time to make the video !
Awesome and thank you!! You can also take the cover off of the large round filter(fine mesh) and clean it (gently pry it off with a screwdriver). My apologies if I missed this part while my head was in the dishwasher....
This was a great help, up until I got to the cover of the "food shredder".  Mine is completely smooth, so I have no way to grab it, and can't get a screwdriver under there to pry it any...looks like I'll be buying a new one after all.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  You just saved me a ton of money.  I had thought my dishwasher was broken and looked all weekend for a new one, but one with comparable features was out of my budget.  Mine is old and not worth paying for repair, so in desperation I turned to youtube.  What I found in mine was far, far worse than yours.  Unbelievable.  Paper clips, straws, flip top from soda, food.  String and hair wrapped around the food grinder.  Orange(?) sludge everywhere.  Totally disgusting.  A couple of things of note:  1)  That sound when you remove the hose that sounds like it is breaking, actually was it breaking.  One clip came loose on  one side, but the other was still intact and it seems secure.  2)  The round mesh screen had a ton of junk underneath it.  I snapped it right off and scrubbed it out.  That would be good to include in the video.  3)  Use a ***turkey baster*** to remove the crap.  I poured a cup of soapy water into the crevices and agitated with a brush and then you can use the turkey baster to suck it all up, including most of the food stuff, and then repeat until totally clean.  You still have to use your fingers, but this allows you to really flush it out and see the screws and such better.  Thank you again.
You are a great teacher!!! Your personality rocks!! You are a funny guy!! You do make it fun! I'd like to know how to clean lime scale off the dishwasher. Zoey350a@gmail.com I will come to you with all my repair issues.
I am glad you posted these easy to follow instructions.  My dishwasher was filled with all kinds of crud.  After all the gunk, bits and doo-dads were removed, it ran great. Thank you for creating the video.
Great!  Like car talk for dishwashers!   Thanks
and now i find myself in a better mood to start this wonderful process! Thanks for the video =)
I have the wrong dishwasher but I couldn't stop watching this! It's hilarious!
Great video and enjoyed the Dad humor as well.  Got it apart and back together without any problems. Thanks!
Thank you! This video is exactly what I needed - I found a 2 inch piece of glass down in there that was making a horrible rattling noise. I found that the plastic screw at 2:30 - 3:30 you need to unscrew backwards (clockwise to take off the propeller) mine came off very easily with fingers only.
Short Circuit was the movie..... Dude thank you for the video!   Entertaining and super helpful!
That was great! I appreciate you doing this. Now I can clean my dishwasher without doubting myself on what I should or shouldn't take apart when doing this job. Never tried it, but I'm really getting tired of soap residue being on my washed dishes. Thanks!
I honestly want to express my gratitude for breaking-the-filter-cleaning down form Kitchen-Aide. My wife has been asking me for three weeks to find and clean the filter. Well, it wasn't in the manual and she believes I'm some sort of Mechanical Indiana Jones who can find the "Lost Instructions of Doom." Your video was "Spot-On!" The main thing I was able to get cleaned out was rock-hard residue from the detergent. You are a good and generous man for sharing this information.Fair Winds!John
Great vid, but I'm stuck on the star screw that holds the "food shredder" thingie. I have a t-20 and t-25 bit, but neither seems right. Do you know the size of the bit. Thanks!
Is there a 5 minute version? Why is this video so long?
thanks for posting.  I was able to fix it with no problem.  We found lots of broken glass and I even cut myself and was able to repeat your joke about not getting bio waste in the unit.  Took about 30 minutes and the next load was crystal clean!
Second time I've used your video to clean my dishwasher! It was fun working with you!
My dishwasher now works much better and it was fun!!!!!!!! because now I don't need to wash by hand anymore.
Thank you so much. Today is the second time I have used you video to fix my dishwasher.
Thanks for the advice, hearing it from a kind and calm person beats the angry man that throws f-bombs everytime something breaks. You made my day just a little easier to bear.
Really enjoyed the video, very entertaining and informative! You can tell you are a people person with a boat load of personality. Thanks again and keep on fixing things I can use the help!
You skipped over the whole point of the video...how to get the filter out! And you said you wanted it more concise than the 15 minute video you saw yet this one drones on for 16 min.  You seem like a nice guy but less talking and more showing what we are looking for.  UGH!
Thank you! It was gross but I feel smarter thanks to your videos.
Thank you for this Video. Was able to fix my dishwasher without making a service call
I'm still laughing, you need a camera you can attach to your forehead...like a miners light!!
You are way too funny, I chuckled through the whole process, you're crazy!! Do you have any brothers? Hahaha
Thanks, totally worked!
Short circuit !  send my free video ha!
+Frosty Life  I guess you missed the "😎" after my comment; meant to indicate humour. I didn't really kick anyone out of my garage sale either but I marked stuff VERY fairly. But no matter how low you put they want to dicker, $1.00 on they offer 50¢ and if you put a quarter on they offer 10¢. But then there is the person who buys ratty sneakers and pays full price, so I wonder what kind of fetish has he?
I just watched a YouTube video on how to clean my filter in my new Kenmore DW...but hopefully, I will not have to do all of this in your video!  :)  The filter in my washer traps all debris...so you have to take it out occasionally to clean,,...much easier than this.
So your the guy who gets kicked out of the garage sale. You sit out there all day trying to save the landfill and you have 50¢ on an item and someone offers 25¢. GET THE HELL OUT OF MY GARAGE SALE YOU CHEAP-ASS.. Thats what I say. 😎
You definitely made it fun. Thanks!
Your video was great  but I wish you had mentioned that holding the cancel button with the door closed will run the pump.   I took the whole thing apart and found nothing .   I held the cancel button and it drained right away
oh man! It stinks so FOOKING BAD!!! lmao!
Thank you so much! Saved me from having to wait for the repair guy! You are awesome..and fun!
I just have to thank you for your easy to follow instructions.   You made me feel empowered and I did it!  THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Short Circuit (8/8) Movie CLIP - Number 5 Is Still Alive (1986) HD ...   NO DISASSEMBLE...  LOL  Hey visit my fun web page at www.LynnDarbyCreations.com for children's books I write.  I enjoyed your presentation.  BTW  There is another place where the Kitchenaid has hidden gunk.   Right where the door lays open against the inner tub there is a gasket.   Wipe that out with an old rag and keep your face away as particles will fly.   Tell me what you found!
Thanks! Great video. The large gray disc part that is removed at 6:16 actually come apart and there can be more gunk inside it. The round part with the mesh screen can be pulled apart from the larger piece with the gear-like edge. I used a small screwdriver to pry it back moving around the edge a little at a time. Then it just snaps back together after cleaning. It only goes on one way (which is nice).
y u no clean screen on accumulator assembly? - you were right there
Wish you would actually show how you took apart the bottom spinner.
Your video was so helpful.  Question in regards to the part that stands up and holds the water sprayer - is there any chance that it is not sitting high enough to screw it to the water sprayer? I have assembled everything back together screws, clip the hose, but I can not get the sprayer to to Screw down on that piece.  The last step, ugh. Just curious.
The chopper broke off so I replaced it.  Once in place is the chopper supposed to spin freely? The one I installed hugs the shaft but it still spins. Does at a certain point of the washing cycle the shaft engages on the chopper ? If I insert the chopper/screen to the inside groove then the cover won't sit properly.
Well, it was super good for me until the screw that holds the cover on the "food shredder." Everything is covered with dry detergent (currently we're cleaning it), but it seems more like a bolt, with a hole, then a torque screw, but nothing seems to fit in or around it. Not sure what it is other than frustrating. May just have to skip that part. Our problem is that our detergent isn't dissolving. Looking at the heater coil, it looks like it might be burned through. Lots of calcium deposits. I may have to look for a video on how to replace that. Right now I'm just thinking about torching the dishwasher and rocking in a corner. Thanks for the video! It's entertaining and helpful.
short circuit was the movie
Thanks for posting your repair video. My dishwasher looked just like yours on the inside. After I took it all apart broken glass and trash was blocking the pump. All clean and put back together it's as strong as a carwash! With the help of your video this was a nice repair project with my son. Thanks.
Short Circuit is the movie you referred to in your video. Made in 1986 and Starring Ally Sheedy and Steve Guttenburg. Of interest, there were a total of 3 Short Circuit  movies. The 2nd was made in 1988 and the 3rd was expected to be released in 2013.
sending this to hubby so that he can take care of his list too! Thanks:) Always amazed at what one can find on You-tube-quite a few of his honey do things are completed now thanks to You-tube!
I am now stuck.  I did everything great but can't get the darn propeller back on.  :(  It won't seat.  Any ideas.
Thanks for showing me how to fix my dishwasher, and for making it pretty darn funny!
Short Circuit
Johnny 5 is alllliiiivvveeee damn i love short circuit... Haha great vid going to have a go at cleaning mine today :)
Thank you for the video.  Need to go home and try that on my dishwasher.  Hope it will be as easy as you made it look.  Your wife is a lucky woman.
Great video, buts screw fell into the grinder motor area. I have no idea how to get it out! :( the grinder is getting jammed.
This guy basically talking too much. Instead of me getting the job done it wont because he definitely talks too much. not HELPFUL at all
Ok I have done everything to clean my dishwasher the only thing that is not going on right is my bottom propeller. I think there is too much play in it. What could be wrong. Everything else went together fine..HELP!!!! Thanks for the info...
my question to you is why on earth were there bones? It does not matter if your dishwasher has a hard food disposer or not you still need to lightly rinse your dishes.
Thank you so much! Video was very helpful and entertaining. Now...no more wondering why my dishes all come out with a film.
Fantastic, really helped me. Thank you so much for this.
I found a chip from a broken plate jammed down in the shredder wheel. After removing the offending fragment and performing a thorough cleaning, my machine seems to be working again. Thanks for the tips!
Thank you so much for the  video.  Just cleaned it out and can't wait to see if this fixes the problem.  Also liked that you kept the video funny.
Thanks a bunch.  This was very helpful, and yes, it was funny and fun. Much better than cats.
The thing I was looking for was how to get the propeller off but you skipped that completely!
Thanks a ton!
Thank you for sparing my ears the curse words of my husband while he attempts to clean the grinder of our dishwasher. Your video helped him tremendously and saved us a $200 service call! Not to mention that the one liners in your video kept me entertained from afar as well. Kudos!
Fantastic video!  I could not for the life of me figure out how to get the trap out and cleaned before!  Weird question.  Have any of you ever had to remove gum from a dishwasher trap?  How does one go about that?
Frosty just for the record a nice black and tan German Shepard works well too. Thanks for the vid help out a ton...
Thanks!!  Good vid.. Short Circuit, by the way.
Ginormous help. Funny too! Thanks.
Get a cameraman.  Please.  Watching this makes me seasick.
Thanks! It's the ONLY repair video I've been able to watch ! Thanks for making it fun, and super helpful! You just saved us a ton of money!!!!!!!
Many Thanks for an entertaining and informative video. Mine would fill, try to start the circulator pump a few times, then give up and drain. Found a piece of plastic jamming the mascerator blade. All Good now! Thanks again for taking the time to share.
Absolute wonderful instructional video....   but I sense you dishwasher had been fairly recently cleaned because ours looked nothing like that inside.
.....Thank you veddy veddy much, Frosty! {:-) ......Can anyone share-- What is the function of that FLAPPER VALVE?  On my dishwasher, the flapper tore loose, floated downstream, and plugged the drain hose, like a cork in a bottle.  Dishwasher would NOT drain, although the pump was straining and groaning.  I had to take the dish washer out from under the counter to pull that rubber disk out of the first elbow in the drain hose.   Now, my dishwasher runs fine without that flapper valve.  Or by running the dishwasher without the flapper, am am I going to wear the dishwasher out, prematurely?   What is the function of that flapper valve?  ...besides tearing loose and plugging the drain hose?  LOL!     .....AND Can anyone share-- Might it be possible to put a piece of window screen or quarter inch hardware cloth over that saucer shaped intake dome?  And catch the debris BEFORE they go down into the pump?  Possibly, you WANT small crud to drop down into the chopper, to get pulverized and expelled through the drain hose, into your under-sink garbage disposal.   However, those chunks of glass, plastic and paper are only gonna' clog up the chopper.  CORRECT?   The only problem that I can foresee is that an extra screen needs to be securely anchored to and carefully centered on that saucer shaped intake.  Otherwise, that heating element might make a metal screen so hot that it could damage the plastic parts.  ...or melt a plastic screen.
Thanks, this helped me out... I have the exact same model and the steps were great.  Now the washer is cleaning perfectly.
This is SO much cheaper than calling in a repairman... I was already figuring out the cost of a new dishwasher and if I should get it during a President's Day sale. Maybe I won't be due until Christmas, or later! Thanks.
Great video!  Thanks so much.
Thank you so much for your video.  It was very helpful.  Getting the propeller to click back in place gave my heart palpitations, but I got it done!!  Thanks again.
The one thing I needed was  how to remove the washer arms so I could get to the filter. Omitted the most important part.
about 5 seeds suck in my parents grinder area along with bones(chicken). Cleaned it all out, sounds more noisy, especially the grinder so I'm not sure if that's good or bad. They might be due for a new dishwasher.
😩
It was awesome video help me out but the propel it's hard to get back in 😭 help!!
Thanks for the video. Frosty Life you need a tripod!
Short Circuit LMAO Johnny 5 is ALIVE
thanks, very helpful  now it's running better
Thanks for video, very helpful. I could do without the corny jokes myself (!)...but very helpful. This is the 3rd or 4th time I've had to clean the drain out, but each time I need to look it up to remember a couple of the steps
After watching a few Boring videos on how to get my dishwasher apart, yours was a breath of fresh air!  Thank you for the humor.  Now I am going to attempt to take this bugger apart.  Thanks.
This was seriously funny.  I laughed out loud in a couple of parts.  Thanks for the education and the humor!!!!
The movie you were quoting no dissasemble is from the 80s movie Short Circuit. The robots name was Johnny 5!
Well, mine is completely different than yours and seems to be all one piece. Found a filter but couldn't get behind it. So frustrated. Think it's time to replace, Thank you anyway
Short Circuit! Love that movie, Going to try this on my dishwasher right now. Let you know if my dishes come clean after! Thank you
I just want to say a quick thank you. Your video was not only able to draw a couple laughter out of me...I actually learned something! do more of this.blessings
Thank you for this video, I am running a load now. hopefully the machine is back in good operation.
Thanks for the video.  Dishwasher drain tube through disposal clogged and disposal not working.  Replaced disposal and cleared out food grinder of plastic, paper, piece of glass, and a penny.  Still did not drain properly.  Forgot to knock out the drain plug from the disposal.  All things good.
Great video with a good sense of humor. Unfortunately it took me 2 hours to do what this fellow did in ten minutes and I had little good will left for mankind left when done - but I'd have never done it without this video. This clips in my Kitchen Aid were a bit different and I'm not sure I have the top one reinstalled properly but what the hell, at least the machines drains!
Good video!  Very helpful.  Worse videography ever but one of the best and most fun to watch home repair videos I've ever seen.  Can't believe you held your own camera!  You're a better man than me.  I'm too busy cursing to do something like that.
Ironically, I found this vid about 5 mins after putting everything back together again in my (extremely similar) dishwasher. Mine's a Kenmore Ultra Wash, I'm assuming yours is as well. Just for the record, every step you took I recognised...although of course I plowed through it in about 2 hours since I hadn't yet seen the vid. 4 points of interest: 1. Your vid was nicely put together and was easy to understand (bearing in mind that I had already gone through the process).....2. Just to clear up a minor issue, your vid shows you already in the sump area before you take it apart (I appreciate that you no doubt know this already and it was obviously just a mis-step when you put the vid together).....3. For lobster tales and sweetcorn, read sunflower seed cases and 6 cocktail sticks for the innapropriate items that my own 3 teens chose to clog up the filter with and.....4. My round filter now has a hole about the size of a screwdriver head after my hand slipped screwing one of the filter screws back in place....hopefully this won't prove to be a major issue down the line. if I was being picky, my 5th point would be....where on earth did you find the accompanying muzak and please, put it back where you found it. Again, nice job on your vid. Cheers.
Thanks for the video man! Just used it on my dishwasher. It was very helpful.
No
when the lower spray prop goes back in, should there be a little play in it?  I hear on your video a bit of what sounds like clonking when you spin it, but not sure. good vid.
Thank you for this video! After replacing my water intake valve, I still had low pressure in the dishwasher. So I followed all of your steps, including removing shrimp tails (how did you know?!?!) and now it works like a charm! Should have done this first, and saved the $60 on the new valve.
Thank you so much.  Husband was ready to toss our Kitchen Aid until I found your video.  We watched it and immediately followed your instructions.  Tada!!  Fixed.  Clean dishes.  He is now a big fan and we watched other videos of yours.  Kudos to Frosty Life
I've seen a guy use a shop vac to help clean the crud out, that way if it soaks up a bit of water it's fine.  I assume you still have to clean it a bit but it may help cut down the time spend cleaning the crud out.
I'm sooo subscribing))) Totally unboring vid. Thanx a lot.
Thank you so much for the detailed and very entertaining video. It helped me get the peas and corn and cloves from my shredder :)
Frosty Life,   I just want to say a quick thank you. Your video was not only able to draw a couple chuckles out of me...I actually learned something! Your presentation was so attention grabbing, I was able to recall from memory 3 or so days later how to effectively tear apart my dishwasher and put it back together again. Right down to having every tool I needed without having to make the many frustrating trips back to the toolbox because I guessed wrong five times in a row. My dishes have never been so clean! Thanks.
Dude, you are our hero today. My mother has been soaking up water in her dishwasher with towels for the past 3 months or so. With your help we were able to unclog the pipes, deep clean under parts, and it now drains perfectly and the dishes are coming out cleaner....you are a rock star :)
There are life-lessons in this clip that I keep coming back to..  http://www.conversationworks.ca/whats-gone-well-today/comment-page-238/#comment-20665
Short Circuit, Stephanie..     I missed one detail ( finding and removing the screw that held the  food cutter cover. It took me a lot of time to figure that out.
Thanks!  My dishwasher is even more broken now that I've watched your video, but my wife thinks I'm more important now, and our marriage is better.
Thanks! A very helpful video - got the job done this Sunday afternoon ...
Hey thanks, I just cleaned out my dishwasher and video was the reason I could. I especially appreciate the text describing replacing the propeller ('pull up with a pliers') as I was stuck there for a while.
Thank you - This was PERFECT!!
Good video but it is too long with too much commentary....
SHORT CIRCUIT!! #5 is ALIVE!!!
Frosty - Thank you very much for this video!  I watched it, and because you are engaging, remembered every step and finished as you said - under 15 minutes.  Found broken glass and one of those plastic cabinet shelf supports blocking most of the food grinder.  The filter was blocked completely. My kids would tell you I quote Short Circuit all the time!  Disassemble?  Nooo Disassemble!  I also quote Red Green, If a women doesn't find you handsome......
Ok since off with Larry decided to google how to fix dishwasher that is not cleaning the dishes.   He did it in under 20 minutes. I knew to start before lunch time. Only took my  4 hours (including time spent looking everywhere for special screwdrivers for weird screws (WHY not standard screws???).   Erin held a flashlight and Thomas helped with the last two screws going back in-- my hand just has horrible arthritis and I could not grip the screwdriver.  Watched several videos.  Liked this on the best, reminded me of a friend by sound of voice and the glasses.  Running dishes with Peanut butter spread on them for a test run,.  Not something I want to do again tomorrow.
Thanks was very helpful for us in Wisconsin.
Number Five alive!  Good video.  Repair is more challenging when only using one hand, eh?  Filming is more challenging when (only using one hand, and) not looking through view finder, eh?  I might start going to garage sales now...
Thank you i did this myself with no problems, thank you😂😂😂😊😊☺😊😉
I just fixed my own dishwasher from watching this!
This video was both helpful and fun to watch. I just removed a coral reef of lime scale from my dishwasher (no shrimp tails, though!) following your excellent instructions. Thanks for saving me a visit from the repair dude!
What happens if the screen and impeller assembly separate from the washer?  I can't figure out how to get the impeller back in and then make the cover fit!
My Kitchen Aid makes a sound like it is starting, but it doesn't actually fill with water and just stops. Any ideas? It is 7 days out of warranty... of course...
I have a 2003 kitchen aid stainless steel but all my screws were T-15 and you should only use a screw driver because with the cordless drill  you can easily cross the threads or strip the screws in the plastic,your video was very helpful.  Thank You
THANK YOU!! I have been searching all over the interwebz trying to find out how to remove the dang filter and you are the ONLY one that could answer that question.  The exploded diagrams from Maytag didn't help. They don't want to give up any secrets that they can possibly gouge you for in hiring a repairman. Pinterest had nothing, Google had nothing, but luckily you can do almost ANYTHING with YouTube!  I appreciate you helping my remove the filter for my mdb7749a Maytag without having to buy any replacement parts. :)
I like you. You are funny.The newer appliances are a pain in the ass especially KitchenAid. Thanks for the video.
Thanks for your help! I was able to do it all by myself ( :) ), thanks to you! The movie was Short Circuit.
Good info,and funny too
April moved into rental in April. This video is exactly what our dishwasher needed! Living in Eastern Idaho the water is very hard. Upper arm & lower Drain assembly was completely blocked by white chalky substance. (70% Hard Water 20% Paper Labels 10% don't even want to know!)  After removing assembly we ran 4 rinse cycles using Vinegar and CLR to finally remove Chopper Cover! Another video shows removal of Black Rubber Gasket that looks like Tonsils which is another blockage point.
I was laughing my butt off at the Short circuit reference :P
Hi, back after working over our second dishwasher today. Our models look similar to yours but they have a horizontal blue "ProScrub" part at the back similar to this http://www.ajmadison.com/ajmadison/images/large/KUDS30FXBL_recessed_element.jpg  In case anyone else has that today I found that I could pop it off and it had a bunch of the same evil peanut butter that has infested most of the machine so I will be going back to the first machine to check it. Bath tap was again useful for flushing out the junk. It seems to be easier to reassemble the bottom, back and upper channels in one piece but nearly impossible with the ProScrub part attached so worth popping off if just for that and then pop it back on after the channels are in place. BTW while I love my cordless drill and drive on this project I preferred a little ratcheting screwdriver like this one from Lowe's http://www.lowes.com/pd_501838-16878-63396_0__?productId=50074265#BVRRWidgetID  -- it had the two needed bits and I feel safer having the feel of what's happening when screwing into plastic in case I put the screw in at an angle or to avoid over tightening as you pointed out. Only downside is the bits are not magnetic but I have a small magnet that made it easy to lift out that little chopper cover screw. Finally I found some fun tips here you might enjoy seeing for your DIY channel (feel free to edit out link if you don't want it on this page) http://www.finehomebuilding.com/videos/   Thanks for helping us have clean dishes again!
Great video! Thanks for going thru things step by step and for the chuckles. Without watching the whole thing again -- I don't think you talked about cleaning out the spray arm on the upper rack. I took that arm apart to some extent and flushed some nasties out of it. Tested by running water strongly from the bath tap into it to make sure all the holes were clear. This was a good trick with the lower arms as well. If someone doesn't have a turkey baster an ear syringe is also a good way to get rid of water (thereafter retired from ear duty!). Maybe you do this on your other vids but could you draft one of the kids to be the camera person? Better than a tripod and there were a bunch of spots where it was tough to see what you were doing -- just too much for you to be principle actor, writer, director, lab wrangler AND cinematographer! Cheers!
Just wanted to thank you for this.  What we found in ours was more profound that yours - the hard water had created fossils of all the parts of the washer on all surfaces.   A few hours with white vinegar and it's back up and running....
What a cornball! Loved it. Useful and funny.
Hahaha. Movie is called Short Circuit Love that movie. Still have it on VHS.. I was Born in 1989..
I want to thank you for making this video. As a single mom with three handicapped kids still at home I cannot afford the $160-180 to call in the local repair guy. While it took me considerably longer than 15 minutes (2 1/2 hours), it was because I kept losing the parts. I watched it twice and then kept pausing it the third time till the job was done. And guess what? No tears! You are a hero to this woman!
My mother bought a ASKO 20 years ago. Never need to fix it. I have this Kitchen aid since 3 years. NEVER AGAIN American product
Hope you are still monitoring comments.  You've got over 200,000 views on this!  good job.  I ran into a problem:  I can't get the bottom spray arm off, no matter how hard I try.  I even tried to muscle it out over the screw figuring I'd replace damaged parts.  I still couldn't get it off and now the spray arm assembly is very loose and I doubt it will work properly.  Note: I initially turned the screw the wrong way thinking it was screwed in on top of the arm, rather than the arm screwed onto it.  What do I do?
I'm sure I'm not the only one who knew the movie (Short Circuit) but I couldn't resist posting the answer.  Thanks for a great "how to" video.  I'll have you know you are now the first and only person I have subscribed to on youtube!
Thank you so much -- my Mommy just fixed our Kitchenaid Dishwasher by following your instructions!  Brilliant!!!!  *wag, wag, wag...*
I haven't seen a comment on this, although with over 500 it's probably in there somewhere, but the center plastic thingy, the one that required the "big" impressive pliers at around 2:43 into the vide - yeah, it's reverse threaded which is why you can hold onto it and spin the arm around and get it to unscrew.
P.S. my spoon full tested like shit...LOL
Jumped on the tube to find out how to remove the guard on the shredder...F*$#n great, thanks for taking the time to make THIS video!!!
Thanks! I have a broken upper arm assembly and now I can repair it myself.
Thank you for a very helpful and entertaining lesson. I'm very glad you seem to have the same dishwasher model as I. Made everything very clear.  One thing you didn't account for in the estimate of 10 minutes to do the job was the two hours of cleaning the gunk out of all the nooks and crannies unearthed by removing all those parts. But as other people have noted in their comments, I get a lot of credit for doing it.
Hey Frosty- thanks for the video and great attitude. It was cool to watch and helpful. I'll be watching more in the future. Keep it up.
Im gonna hurry and do this so i can play call of duty too.
I have a model 665 kenmore that no one on earth knows anything about,not even sears. No way to take it apart to clean the chopper. Just my luck to get a one of a kind appliance.I tried to get this thing apart, no way! It should have been model 666! Lost on what to do. Any ideas? Anybody?
Thank you! My husband was very pleased with my exceptional skills. This is one of the most useful videos I have even seen. Saved us at least $100! Also makes me a bit suspicious of what my "helpful" toddlers have been putting in my dishwasher. A lot of plastic bits.
Thank you. Thank you. I just did this and am running my first load. Keeping my fingers crossed that I put every thing back correctly. My only real problem was putting the chopper thingy back.
Hi Frosty, I enjoy amazing my wife by fixing stuff around the house. Thank you for making me look like a super hero when I removed the plastic fork and pistachio shell from the shredder impeller. Your video was very informative and entertaining. Thank you.
Important note: I COULD NOT get the propeller back on. The problem was...during reassembly, after I screwed in the filter, I put the propeller spindle in, but initially pushed it down until seated. This is WRONG. Just set it down in its housing and move on with reassembly. Do NOT seat spindle. This way, the spindle isn't too low, therefore enabling me to put the propeller back on properly. Whew!
Thanks - worked like a charm. What a sense of accomplishment to go from gunky to clean dishes without calling the repair person.
worked great.. I followed this and found a ton of junk down there.... cleaned it out and we're back up and running...
Dude!  Your videos were awesome.  Just spent Saturday night repairing my dishwashing with your tutorial!  Thank you.  Hardest thing was taking those damn stopper clips off the upper rack.  Best.  Nancy P.
Great video.  If you don't have an electric drill, you can buy a little tork driver set (don't confuse with auto torque wench).  The one I'm looking at is made by Husky and has 8 head sizes.  It works like a swiss army knife in that you unfold the size you need and use it like a regular hand screw driver.  Apparently a lot of appliance manufacturers use these since I bought this gadget when I had a different brand dishwasher.
Googling my dishwasher model and this popped up. I was just looking for writing instructions, but this was so much better! I was unable to remove the clips on the top rack so my positioning made the job much harder! In spite of that that SUCCESS! Thanks for the help and saving my$$$  Only lost a bit of blood!
Thanks for posting this video! Very informative! For sure saved me some time and money. In my case, yesterday, my 2008 model starts a strange noise. Was thinking that maybe something was stuck. So I followed your instructions and indeed I found some stuff (screws and other things, was very surprised with the screws!). It is now working like a charm! Many thanks again!
Very helpful.  I have the same type of d/w.  It is not old and we were thinking we might have to buy another one.  We tried all kind of detergents.  Very poor results.  I followed your instructions.  Ocassionally, I had to rewind but you covered It all.  Thanks for the very informative vedio.  You saved me a lot of money and frustration.  Keep up the great work.
George Babiak is right. You made it a fun...
Started to put dishes in dishwasher then noticed there was water sitting in the bottom...CRAPOLA I thought for a second. googled it and was more confused than ever. Then I remembered youtube. Then I found your channel.. I just ran the garbage disposal for 30 seconds like you said.... It drained...Wow. To think I almost called a repair person..That is until I found your video. I am going to take it apart and make sure it is clean. Thanks for putting this video on.You saved me 200-250 by not having to call a repair person. Thank you from FLORIDAAAAAAAAA
I'm in New York CIty and I just had a grand time following your video and cleaning out my dishwasher's drain. Nice work, Mr. Frost! Thank God there are smart and funny people like you on YouTube.
Dude, my wife and I just had a not-very-romantic post-Vanetine's day mid-winter dishwasher cleaning session and it was a blast! Thanks for this video, you rock!
Thanks for showing these steps. Especially removal of the disposer/grinder cover for crud removal. I now have great water pressure to the top rack!
Hey there. Thanks for the video. I'm stuck though. I've cleaned it all out and when trying to put the cover back on over the blade it gets stuck on the metal circular screen and the little blade keeps falling out. Not fun. Any suggestions? Thanks again.
Excellent video, very helpful, thank you so much. Please make more if you can.
that movie was named after your dishwasher " short circuit"
This is so much fun
This was absolutely spot on! Thank You so much for posting this video.  I spent more tiime surfing the web on finding manuals etc... to help guide me than it took for me to watch your video and fix our dishwasher!  I cannot thank you enough!  If you have any other DYI projects around the house I will definately watch you! The commentary was funny and I especially loved your yellow Lab at the end! I have a yellow lab as well! Great Job in helping friends and paying it forward!
My wife and I enjoyed the videos humor.......and then we tore apart our Jenn Aire d/w. Success!
I liked you commentary.  The video was out of sequence a little at the beginning.  The guts and lower spinner blade were out, but then if you keep watching the video it shows you removing all of that stuff. By The Way, this is the same procedure for the Whirlpool Quiet Comfort III except instead of unclipping the channel for the upper spinner head, there are two screws, one up top and one just above the diverter valve for the upper tray spinner head 2/3 of the way up on the back wall. Tools needed for the Whirlpool- A #2 Phillips, T-15 Torx and a T020 Torx.  Good Job Frosty
good job, just stop trying to be a comidian
Well, it took me 3 hours to do it, but I did it! Mine was packed with soap residue, and I had to pop off that mesh cover (under the spray arm), and scrub that out, too. A turkey baster came in very handy for completely draining the water that was sitting in the bottom. Hope that the cleaning fixes that, too -- not sure how much water is supposed to be sitting in that reservoir at the very bottom, but it seemed like a lot.
Oops. Just posted that under my son's name. ha ha
Thanks for posting. I want to give this a shot if I can find the right attachments for the hub's power screw driver. Any idea how to disassemble & clean the steam vent in the top of the door? I have a KitchenAid (model #KUDS01DLBT3), also,and it's a round slotted vent that doesn't look like it should come out, but there's black slime in there that I'd like to attack.
Oddly enough I am doing this in January...its -21 below with a wind chill, however no blood was shed.  Thanks!
Excellent and most importantly entertaining. Thanks!
Service call averted!  Now if only my honey would let me go play with what we saved for the service call and inevitable parts the dishwasher would "need"...  Instead of food, it ended up being plastic chunks from the "wheels" on the upper rack which I discovered is also a problem for the KA's...  The only question now is why is it running louder than it originally was and there are enough suds for a small army!...   I should add - I'm also a chick and got a good chuckle because the roles are reversed in our house and I'm the one having a good laugh at my dear husband's lack of skills in these situations to the same extent you are!  Half the battle is keeping a straight face while getting to pull out all the toys he didn't think I needed to "upgrade" previously to make the job look important...
Thanks for the quick reply.  Good news is the washer seems to work, getting water to the top rack.    Bad news is it is much louder then I remember and seems to be taking longer. Been going over an hour now.  Not sure if I did something wrong.
This was a great video.  I have followed all the steps but now when I screw on the lower spray are it hits the gray water tube line on the bottom of the dishwaser.  can you help?  I have taken it apart several times and can't locate the issue.  thansk
Thank you!!  We loved your video and were able to clean out the dishwasher.  We even had the yellow Lab to help. Finally able to complete a project without calling a repair person to fix our mess.
Thanks for the helpful video! I especially appreciate your identifying the T-20 and T-15 screwdriver bits...important details like that help cut down on the frustration level!
Greetings from Winnipeg (even frostier here!)! Add us to the list of grateful folks who saved $$ on a service call!  Your video was excellent and this morning our dishes are spotless again!  Many thanks from your northern neighbour!
You sir we amazing. Thank you!
Dude, KitchenAid for a service call charges $81 for the first 15 minutes, $18 for each additional 15 minutes, and then parts.  YOU SAVED ME A LOT OF MONEY!   Thanks for the easy-to-follow and humorous how-to video.
I followed your video and fixed the problem!  I am very grateful.  Nice job!
You saved me a lot of hassle. Really informative and entertaining video.
Thanks a bunch for the video, and shedding some blood.  My dishwasher was getting no spray at the top and not much at the other spray arms.  Followed your directions and found a severely clogged screen with a broken chopper blade.  Removed it, cleaned the screen, reassembled, and all seems good.  No telling how long the blade's been broken, so I think I'll just go without and see what happens.  Now I know how to go back in there and replace the part if necessary.
Well, it's a snowy January day, and instead of shoveling I am fixing the dishwasher. Sound familiar?  Thanks for the video, fantastic work and helped immensely!
Thank YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!  Your video was great.  My dishwasher now works again.
Yeahhhhh!!!  Thanks soooo much for your help!!  I did it!  It works working marvelously.  However, I did have my pearls on while doing this.  It's New Year's Eve after all.  Thanks again.  :)
Very entertaining and informative video.  Love the raw camera work and commentary.  And ---- my dishwasher is humming right now on the maiden voyage after removing multiple olive pits, seeds, a small bone, some electrical tape and many unrecognizable pieces of slime!  Thanks for your help.
Thanks, Frosty! But, I SCREWED UP ... literally, the screwdriver attachment fell off of the screwdriver and into the drain (?) hole in the center ... just my luck! Any ideas on how to get that bit back??
Thanks for fixing our dishwasher!!! And for making us laugh while doing it!
lmao, ur commentary is hilarious.  Hey, thanks for the tips, u helped a brother out!
you are funny dude and great job hahaha.i really like the video
Thanks so much! You saved my dad the trouble of hiring someone to clean our dishwasher!!
Oh man, you're video is awesome! I work at a group home and don't think the dishwasher has ever been cleaned. Thanks for helping me score some brownie points with the boss. You're also hilarious!
Thanks for the great video! Your instructions were very helpful. I hope to save the cost of repair, if I could only get the propeller looking arm back on. Having a hard time threading it back on-I tried holding the center with a plier and turning the propeller, but it is not going. Any other tips so that I don't have to call someone down after all the time and effort I spent taking it apart and cleaning it myself?
Heh thanks to you, I did it!  and I did it without bloodshed so I win the internet!!! weee!!!  thanks for putting $79 back in my wallet dude
Thanks so much! Your video was exactly what I needed and was easily able to clean out all the nasties that were clogging my dishwasher. Saved me a bunch of money.
Nice Video but I believe you failed to mention to turn the power off from the breaker ...
You are a funny man, Loved your video!
Thank you so much!  This has saved me hundreds of dollars about once a year!
Thanks for this video. I too watched the other one and I appreciate this sped up version and your jokes and humor. Gonna give this a try later.  Not sure if anyone answered your movie trivia comment, but it's Shirt Cicuit- Johnny Five is alive! :) take care!
This was very helpful and I got everything apart and cleaned fairly easily.  The only issue I'm having is getting the lower arm back on.  I Googled and found this is a common problem and some people suggest trying to hold up the screw part with pliers while pushing down on the arm to get it to start finding the threads.  This says to 'jiggle' it.  Some of the Google posts say they had to call someone to come in just to get this back on, which seems like such a waste since I already did the hard work!  Any ideas?  Sorry for not having the exact model number but it's the Architect series and I bought 4 years ago (first time I ever cleaned...my bad).  Literally the entire thing is cleaned and reassembled except the arm!
Thanks - dishwasher making nasty noises right before Thanksgiving.  This video really helped me knock out the job.  Like the other commenters, I found all kinds of fun things in there.
thank you, my dishwasher wasn`t cleaning at all. your video helped my son and i fix it. you are the best.
Thank you!  My dishwasher was working, but it seemed like nothing was getting clean lately. I watched the video, and the only thing I had problem with was getting the propeller back on the spindle. (I had to have my husband do that - I think my arms weren't long enough to get the right strength in that position). I am too embarrassed to tell you all the crap I found down in the filter. (and even behind the part that goes up the back, and every other part). I used a toothbrush to try and clean the nooks and crannies of the filter. I'm running a test wash right now. Oh - and I'm proud to say I can add this to my list of 'repairs done without a repairman". Last thing I did was replace the pump in my washing machine. All by myself. Yay!.
Dude, you rock! This and the Part 1 were extremely helpful. One question and one comment: 1. Why is your dishwasher so clean? Aside from the shrimp, it looks like you don't use it. 2. One word of caution when removing the little rubber flapper: BE CAREFUL! When you pull it out, the little round flapper part can get stuck in the opening and it is very easy to tear it from the part you grab. This will end up costing you $32 and a day or two of doing dishes the old way. I guess the rubber thing is actually a piece of gold with rubber coating.
Thanks for the great video. I would like to point out however that I'm a woman who fixed it by myself with my own tools. As informational as your video is, I find it offensive that you assume only men are watching this video and that only men own there own tools. I love my Ryobi drill and my tool box is nicer and better stocked than yours. Oh and I didn't cut myself. Thanks again for the help.
Thanks for the excellent one handed repair video. Just fixed the washer this afternoon and it is purring like new as I type.   Stay frosty.
Thank you, i could not figure out how to get the grey thingy off the back to remove the screen.
Hey, thanks very much for the video. Saved me from buying a new dishwasher like the wife wanted.  I'm very happy; wife not as happy!  cheers.
ha ha ha, I never thought of that, so true.  I am glad the video helped.
Thank you.  Worked perfectly.  Tom, you even did it one handed!
fantastic.  I am glad it helped.
You are very welcome.  I am glad it helped.
Thanks for the video.  I was able to repair my parents dishwasher after finding your video.
Thanks for the video. My husband is going to be one surprised guy to come home and find out his wife fixed the dishwasher! Thanks again!
Thanks for the video. My husband is going to be one surprised guy to come home and find out his wife fixed the dishwasher! Thanks again!
Thanks for the video. My husband is going to be one surprised guy to come home and find out his wife fixed the dishwasher! Thanks again!
that is fantastic, I am happy every time I save someone that amount of money.
That is great that this helped you.  I really appreciate that you took the time to let me know that it helped, I find that to be very encouraging.
Hey, thanks. I had gotten stuck on my repair ... Didn't know to go all the way down to the grinder. Thanks for the info. All fixed.
thank you for the kind comment.
Fantastic, thank you for telling me that this helped.  That encourages me to make more HOW TO videos.
I'm another satisfied customer!  Thanks for taking the time to post this helpful vid.  It took me just a few minutes to remove a chicken bone from the grinder.  All is quiet again!!
this was very helpful thank you vary much
That is fantastic and I am very happy you told me the success.  That is a dinner well earned for sure.  I flew over Iowa today on an airliner.  It was very clear and sunny.
another success story, that makes me very happy.  Thank you for watching and I am very happy this helped you out.
Thanks for the great video. I was just about to chuck the dishwasher and buy another when I decided to google my problem. My dishwasher now runs like it is brand new. Thanks again!!
2) When putting the "propeller" back on, make sure the spindle isn't binded and can sort of move about loosely. If it doesn't, then pull it through (up) with some pliers until it moves more freely.
I followed the video and cleaned out my KitcheAid dishwasher, it needed it!  One problem I cannot get the propeller to spin back on.  Any tips on how to do this?
it might be even better to just replace the hose.  It is inexpensive and faster than trying to clean out the old one.  Perhaps put  check valve on it too (one way valve)
Thanks Frosty.  By the way your video was great ...thanks for that help, too.  Do you think my issue could be solved by cleaning out the large black rubber drain hose that attaches from the garbage disposal to the dishwasher air-gap?
MIne did that back a while ago.  We had the hose replaced and a one way valve installed.  Unfortunately had to call a plumber for that one because the drain hose was plugged.
mine still won't drain.  any ideas?   I cleaned all, but won't drain. I can hear pump when I push the drain button, but no water coming thru trash compactor (knock out hole IS out).  What now!?  Thanks
that is great news.
Thanks for the video.  Seems like it did the trick!
I hope it helped.  Thanks for watching.
thanks!
Saved my day!  I called the repairman and he almost had me talked into a $1250 machine.  I watched your video and 20 minutes later - CLEAN and QUIET!  My wife appreciated you too :)
Hi Tom. Everything looks easy and I did it until I got to the food shredder part. It was really jammed in there and my modrl doesn't have that handle that you push to the right to lift it up. So it was a bummer after I got to this step and couldn't open the shredder to put everything back on again. My dishwasher still isn't draining and I did follow your steps in the second part. No use. Help!
You are awesome!! I had bought a "DIY" book with all kinds of things to do to help out appliances, save money on repairmen, great IDEA book... not so great on the actual "HOW TO" part! LOL  I happen to have a very similar model to yours so this video helped out tremendously!  I was watching it to see HOW to do it and the hubby came up behind me and decided that since he got to play with his "DeWalt" he'd do it for me!  Watching him take care of it, almost gave me as many laughs as you did... :-)
This was perfect, thank you!  I got everything cleaned out great, though I had to drain it with a shop vac because the blasted thing won't turn on (issue started before the repair, but I still wanted to get it cleaned out so the water and gunk didn't start to stink while I wait for repairs).  Now, if we get it working again, I know how to clean it out.  Thanks again!
Great video! Fun to watch! I definitely found quite a few shrimp tails!
Thanks Tom that was a real life saver :) They do everything they can to make it annoying.
Tom, I want to say thank you SO much for posting this video on youtube.  Because of you I didn't have to call a repair person to come out.  I totally fixed it myself and I'm so excited about it!  Your video was really funny by the way-I truly had fun watching it and learning at the same time.  Thanks again!-C
Good video....would have been better if you had maybe put it on a tripod.
Mine did this too...I tried a different cycle and it started working again...I then cleaned the whole thing out as in the video and it started working fine again.  It could be something about it being clogged that it's not getting primed. (I could be way off here, just a guess)
Adding a note..After cleaning dishwasher out,  My "snorkel" was still draining out onto my counter into the sink.  Dishwashers should drain into the disposal.  If that tube is partially clogged, then the snorkel (~3"tube popping out of your counter to overflow drain into the sink) can't get enough air to properly let the water drain from dishwasher to disposal so it overflows through the snorkel. This tube needs to disconnect from disposal and clean the tube and where it connects to disposal out
My KitchenAid is in Texas...it is all stainless...
Just curious...which one of the 2 tips did you find helpful?
Look at my comment above...you must look for the "tabs" that keep the arm against the wall....push them outward to free the arm from the tabs.  Then it pops off easily.
Two things to help... 1) The first step after removing the shelves, which is removing that upper spindle and tube that runs along the back...it doesn't just snap out...you must look for the tabs and push them outwards, then pull the plastic tube off the ceiling and back wall. 2) When putting the "propeller" back on, make sure the spindle isn't binded and can sort of move about loosely.  If it doesn't, then pull it through (up) with some pliars until it moves more freely.
My dishwasher is humming. I start it and it just about starts,  then it hums and does nothing else. HELP!
Thank you so much for your video!  It was so helpful and saved me the cost of a repair person!  (Well, at least I hope so... running a test wash now... haha)
Thanks, very helpful.  2 comment. 1.  Put a towel or something in the large drainhole in the center while you work.  I dropped my extender and drill bit down there, which extended my repair time to over an hour while I tried every tool I own to get it out.  Finally got it with combination of super long screwdriver and needle nose pliers.   2.  On my dishwasher, that filter price comes apart and a lot of hair and junk were inside when o opened it up. Thanks again!
@Plampify you're going to break it if u don't do it right. So do it right. In other words.
Is that a European dishwasher as its stainless steel inside?
Thank you for sharing. It took 3 viewings but I got the confidence and did it. Although it's summer, no snow, but a heat wave 79F feeling like 95F and it's nearly mid-night. :-)
Great video! It's amazing how easy appliances are to fix. A little elbow grease, some youtube "how to's", a few tools and you're ready to go! Call me crazy, but I get this amazing feeling of accomplishment when I've got it all back together and it's running like it just came off the production line. And...it didn't cost me a dime.
Great video, thank you very much
Thanks for posting I was going to throw away my dishwasher and murder my children but this video helped me learn to forgive and take them to the park instead.
Thanks to your video I was able to fix my dishwasher without the help of my husband! Great video - corny humor but oddly entertaining :-)
Either no one is old enough or not listening but the movie was "Short Circuit". Great cam holding.
Thanks for the video!  What can I do if the "arms" stick and don't want to be pulled out of the dishwasher easily?
Thanks Tom!
Thanks for the help i almost freakd out when i opend it its been 5 years since i got mine lol thanks again
Thanks for the video!  Did you know that the footage is out of order?  watch the 2 min in part.  already taken apart by  then and cleaning, then you show how to take apart.  JUst an fyi  BTW will this work if water will not drain out? thanks
Thanks Man.. Needed that to save something that fell in there this week.  Nice Save!!
you are hilarious! and thank you for a great, layman way to take apart my dishwasher!
"No disassemble" = Number 5 is alive = Short Circuit
If you mean the "propeller"  do not press the center spindle into the center hole. That is the only way that it will sit proud of the cover and will not bind in the center supply hole.  That seal will engage when the water flows up under pressurs.
Fun watching your video.   I have a Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash and it is the exact same machine except for the "propeller"; the Kenmore is two bladed.   I had lot of junk down in the sump near the check valve. The machine is like brand new after that cleaning.  Bi-annual cleaning is probably they way I will go after this (ant teaching the kids to rinse too).
I cannot get the sprayer back on.  No matter what I do I can't.  It came of fairly easy but I am going to have to get a professional here to put it back on.  I might as well get them to clean it out too.
Thanks Tom, this was great. Our dishwasher was not cleaning and was caked with hard water stains/diswasher detergent deposits so I took it all apart and cleaned it just like your video showed. It seems to be working now, just not sure if the top "propeller" is spinning. I can't believe how much crap was in there, yuck.
Amazing. I followed the instructions as described and was not only able to fix the problem but also saved on the repair cost. The whole thing took me about 20 mins to do.
Thanks for the video. I followed your instructions to the "T". I even cut my hand. Can't wait for the stitching video.   Running the dishwasher now.    Thanks again.
Thank you! Although the front door of our washer is not the same, the inside is. I tried this myself but only got as far as removing the spinning water shooting thingy and did not know I had to go further inside to find where the gunk was clogged up. Can't wait to get home from work and get our dishwasher working properly again, as right now it is only washing the lower rack and not very well either. I KNOW that our lifestyle and bad habits have clogged up the works!
Really enjoyed your video ! Very helpful !
Thank you so much Mr Frost you really helped me alot with your video now my dishwasher is washing like it suppose too :)  and great video thank you again :)
Worked, did it last week.  This week I fixed the oven.  Next weekend it is the garbage disposer.  If I had paid the repairman it would have been expensive.
Great video, motor is going but great video! Thanks
I did it!!  Hip I'm a woman with no help and too broke to call repairman. Did this step by step watching your video and only one curse word. Thanks!!!!
I was so grateful you posted this video. It was very helpful to me, however, I neglected to take the housing cover off the metal wheel-screen thingy, so I did all that for nothing! Water still isn't getting to the top rack. So I have to go back in and take it apart again, but thanks for the video just the same. At least now I have practice taking the other part of it apart.
hey, your no pat sajak when it comes to ad libbing, but thx for the demo anyhow
great video Tom!  It took me a little longer than expected but it was done correctly!  And my dishwasher is a Kitchen Aid so your instructions were right on!  I only cussed twice but I made sure family was out of the kitchen.  Ta ta now from Post Falls, Idaho!
It was like watching my brother in Wisconsin, only you're more handy.
Hellooo Tom, Your videocast was great.  My husband wanted to clean the dishwasher but wanted instructions so I googled and found your site.  I'm a bit anxious about letting him go for it (I normally clean it) but here goes.  I'm letting go of the control of the machine.... Thanks for an entertaining and instructive time!  Uh oh, I hear him swearing already.... later.
same dishwasher, same problem.. well done video, and thank you. Except for the high amounts of curse words, back cramps, new tool purchases (torx bit)...my job went just like yours
This is a different type of dishwasher than the one that I have.  However, I couldn't stop watching because your commentary was so hilarious!  Thanks for the chuckles!
Tom thanks a lot! this was very informative. putting the blade back on made me feel like a failure in life! it's tricky!
I can't believe I just subscribed to a video series like this but it was so entertaining and educational!  My teenage daughter even came by and watched it with me and asked if I could send her a link to it so she could watch it again!  (ha!)  Thanks Tom, the every-man perspective is really valuable.  We did indeed find shrimp tails & the dog snatched them up.  I am guessing you might be from MN.  (me too, fun to hear as I'm now living in Seattle).  What part are you from?
Ha!!!  Yes.  It is making a bit of noise that it didn't make before (so I took it apart - two more times- just to make sure I hadn't dropped something or put something in backwards!) but I don't think it's anything - heck, if someone took me apart and put me back together again, I might make some extra noise, too.  Thanks again!
Thank you thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for your post - I fixed it, thanks to your help!
I just did this to mine after watching(hubby sleeping with no idea what I was doing, points right?). I just found some fuzz in there.Prior did load w/ CLR, load w/vinegar, then a load w/baking soda. The only things I found that I thought could have been the problem were the flappything at the drain wasn't on right & it had a fine filter that I couldn't get into to clean properly; rinsed it best I could. It had some fuzzy looking stuff in there. Hopefully this works. Testing now :) Thank you!!
Thanks Tom you were great! .. can't beleive how gross a dishwasher can get.  This girl does her own "honey do list".
I was skeptical this could be fun as described in the title...but never the less, my Kitchen Aid has been leaving food on my dishes for months.  The bottom line; not only was Tom entertaining, his attitude about these little honey-do list items was spot on.  Found a small   baby spoon piece in the solid food masher... problem is our kids are 8, 11, and 13!  Hmm...
You rock, I bet you saved me $100's! Thank you so much!
Hi Tom. Where do you instruct? I'll take a lesson if I'm around some day. Can you do an American BFR?
it seems that the propeller is not spinning.  would this video be helpfull to me or does it sound like i need a new motor.  thanks.
I don't even have a kitchenaid dishwasher,but your video was so entertaining I ended up watching the whole thing :) good job! greetings from Caroline in Norway:)!
Tom, great video. I had to have my pump replaced only after 4 years and I tried your method to clean myself. Very easy. One question. Once you put the propeller back on (last step) when it spins around with the dishwasher off is it supposed to hit the bottom and click? I am assuming that when the water runs, the propeller raises and does not hit? I am running it now and it sounds ok.
Thanks for making this great - informative and entertaining! video.  This is how my husband and I spent our romantic Valentine's evening.  And saved at least $135 (that's what they wanted just to come out and look at it).  Pretty much same kind of food scraps out here in CA - except we had lemon seeds instead of pumpkin seeds.
Many thanks! My wife was gobsmacked (cool word, eh!) when she saw I had taken apart the dishwasher. I now have major 'honey do' points. You'd make a great teacher the way you explain things in an effective and humourous way.
Thank man, didn't even cut myself.
Thank you so much for this vid showed me EXACTLY what i needed t take apart got the filter cleaned out and dishwasher working again! Thank you thank you thank you!
Ha! That's pretty good, TSurfer100. Busting people out on the web feels good huh? Yeah, I actually took care of the dishwasher after I got home from work and before my wife got home. If 12 yrs as a Paratrooper has taught me anything, its how to multitask. It also taught me respect. You have my screen name, if you're ever in Chicago, I'm not a hard person to find. Otherwise, don't be bustin dudes on Tom's page. He rules and his video was exactly what I was looking for after a long day of work.
Holy Crap! Tom you rule! Thank you thank you thank you! I've been scouring the interwebs for something like this. The wife will be home soon and she'll be happy to know this is done. You sir, are truly handy and adventurous. My hats off to you.
best vid ever!
Great Short Circuit reference :D. Awesome video btw.
It worked great! But, small problem, the dishwasher is leaking now! I took off the vent thing on the inside of the door, and can't get it to latch on now. I think that's where it is leaking. any ideas?
Ok I'm inspired... gonna try it now before I go look at new dishwashers!
Worked out good, Tom, but I can't get the screen and blade to pop back in, I have tried every angle and I don't want to force it. Thanks.
Love the background music from "flip video".  I have the same stock music :-)
That's my damn toolbox
Short circuit!
FYI: Q ~ 340p. Maybe if you'd massed up the camera (with a rubberband and brick or wall wart) or gotten some kind of LED gobo with a fader on it you would have much better video...still looking forward to the end where you balance the rotor with pennies and some Penn and Teller schtick. Only a matter of time until you're asked to tie the Duchess of York's umbilical cords and other things where the professionals at hand are stuck on nuking it from orbit (whatever that is on the case) to be sure.
A snowy day here in Calgary, and better off cleaning out our dishwasher.  Thanks Tom!
how many marriage proposals do you get a month?   kidding you.. you are very funny, and you know what you are doing.. im glad i found you... i cleaned my dishwasher yesterday, thanks to your video and im returning the new on to lowes today..  you save us over 8 hundred dollars.. thank you.. judy
I love you.  Where were you and your kind 50 years ago when I was looking for a husband..?   just kidding.. the old man here is worn out.. Years ago he kept the traps cleaned out and running.. But now he cant get down on those worn out knees.   He went to Lowes and bought a new dishwasher instead of cleaning this one out (3 years old. I tried to clean it, but couldnt find the star thingamajig.  I do love you..
Great video Tom, took me longer to track down my torque bits than it did to take it apart. It looks like my chopping wheel is anchored on with a washer, nut and long piece of plastic. I found the plastic piece snapped in half :( I've had this dishwasher for 18 months and had service on it 4 times so I'm not very impressed and sadly it's out of warranty. Regardless great informative video and I got a few chuckles out of it being a father of 5, 3 of which are teenagers. Thanks again!
Tom,  Can't thank you enough for your step by step video to help me fix my dishwasher.  I USED to have a very handy husband before he got older and lazy!  Ha.  My choices now are to "wait" for him to get to it or to figure it out on my own.  I'm so proud of myself to have done it on my own.  ( with your help of course)  Thanks again!
Ok, so I did turn the tab and was able to lift off the lower spray arm, but now I'm having trouble figuring out how to unscrew the drain cover.  Does it require a special screw head?
Tom, Thanks so much for this awesome video!  So grateful!  It may seem silly, but I can't figure out how to remove the lower spray arm.  Do I turn that "tab" that sticks up in the middle?  Thanks for any help you can provide!
Tom--this awesome video helped a completely non-handy guy like me repair the dishwasher--so maybe it took me a little longer than average and I stopped and started your video about 15 times---but guess what?  It worked and you saved me a major repair bill.    Three olive pits, a toothpick and a piece of plastic lighter, my dishwasher runs like a charm.   Thanks for taking the time to post--you really helped me and I'm sure many others--and provided a few laughs at the same time.
Wow.  Weird comment for a dishwasher repair video but between your humor and the background music, you just come across as an amazing person.  I felt like your home is probably a very peaceful place (minus the teenagers of course, I have 3 of my own).  Amazing attitude.  I am so envious.  Thanks for the great video.
Thanks Tom!! I'm going to try this before I pay the repair man $360 to replace the motor :)
thanks a good vid
Tom! Thank you  for posting this video. It was very entertaining and informative. Coming from a stand up comedian, you're very funny. Thank you again, you saved our marriage.And the quote was from Short Circuit .
Thank you for the entertaining video! Of course, it's the night before Thanksgiving, so we'll be hand washing dishes tomorrow. However, come Black Friday, I'll be tackling this project rather than facing the crowds!
Great tips, informative... and good humor too...
Thank-you sooo much...I now have very clean dishes!!!  Very entertaining too!
Tom,  came across your good humored video when I had unknown issues to my Kitchenaid dishwasher.  You saved me 900 bucks on buying a new one.  Replaced the chopper assembly and running like a champ.  Much appreciated.
I stumbled upon this looking for a video on how to clean my washing machine. Ended up watching the whole thing just to hear all the witty commentary. I've never seen someone so happy fixing a kitchen appliance before (I would have been cursing two minutes into the video LOL). Never thought a repair video could ever cheer me up. Oh by the way, If nobody guessed the movie, it's from Short Circuit... Did I win!? My dishwasher could use a cleaning. Come on by, afterwards I'll put on Short Circuit :)
Thanks alot for this video.  You saved me about $100 and it was a good excuse to buy some torx bits.  How bout a video on rebuilding a snow blower's carburetor.  ;)
Jillian -the trick to screwing the propellor onto the spindle is to pull up on the center tab (with a pair of pliers) while spinning the propellor clockwise
LOL...wish I could say I did...BUT I not only have a clean dishwasher...the cabinets, frig, and floor got a good shower.  Kinda hard to see if the spray arms are spraying unless you open the door...which of course means you have to disable the door latch...I recommend rain coat, googles, nose plugs and 4 sets of hands.
never mind!  I read the post from mjtgentile and got it back together without a problem.  Can't thank you enough for taking the time and making the effort to post the video!!
Thanks so much, Tom!  I got ALMOST all the way through it -- that last part -- where you screw the "propeller" back on -- has me stumped.  I can't get it to "seat."  I tried to hold the screw and turn the propellor clockwise. Any other suggestions? Don't tell me I'm going to have to call the repairman after getting so close!!
You made my evening...after days of reading pages and pages of links about dishwashers and what could be the problem I saw this one and you made what I am about to do look possible.  I sit here typing with wet towels all over my floor...and I am drip drying the clothes I am wearing...BUT I now know I have tons of water pressure and tons of water shooting out of the lower arm...but it isn't spinning...so off with the filter and impaler and whatever else to look for the shrimp tails.  LOL!
He's not that cool...he beats me at Angry Birds...just sayin'
Hey Tom ~ THANK YOU for excellent video! There was only 1 part I was stuck at - when PUTTING PROPELLOR BACK ~ I couldn't figure out the way you did it (guess my kitchenaid is different) - found it MUCH EASIER to CONNECT the propellor WITH the white Arm thingie & the long white tube and THEN put it back into the dishwasher all together. Also, 2 of my screws are REALLY locked in place now and I cannot remove them !! I have an electric screwdriver but they won't budge now....Suggestions??
Thank-you, my husband and I watched this video and were pleased to clean out our Kitchenaid dishwasher. Thank-you so very much, it now runs wonderful!!
LG should pay you a lot of money for making this great video -- thanks a lot.   It's funny too!!!
Tom, thanks for taking the time to post your knowledge.  I have the exact same dishwasher and by following your tutorial, we went from not clean at all to almost brand new!  I thought my pump was gone but it was just a handful (literally) of stuff down there jamming things all up.  You're a good man.  Cheers.
Awsome dude I had no idea how to do this. My scrapper had come apart and the screen was completely plugged. Thank you for making me look like a geneous in front of my wife.
Fantastic!  I fixed my washer!  Good job on the video!  Thanks!
Oh and I LOVE your yellow lab! She's lovely... i have one too :--)
OMG Tom you saved us!  This is awesome and you really do deserve a "camera holder" Hubby was bitchin that we "needed some dishwasher cleaner", I said all we need to do is clean it! So i found your video and started pulling apart the dishwasher... well, you know what happens then...he had to get in there and do the job (thats our sneaky way of getting you guys to do stuff...try and do it ourselves...lol) ANYWAY thank you so much!  I would be more than happy to make you a lobster dinner!
Sorry...he's taken.  :)  Glad  he  helped you out...guess that "Honey-Do" list needs to get bigger so  he can make more videos!  lol
thank you so much, that was so helpful, i saved $400 with this video!
Kitchen Aid, Maytag, and probably more, all made by Whirlpool-aka kenmore, what a shame!!!! They had their unique features, and Whirlpool distroyed them
THANK YOU!!!  THANK YOU AGAIN AND AGAIN.  You shouldn't have to hold your own camera.  I bet your wife loves you so much, if not, will you marry me?  This video was so helpful to me. I kept referring back to it when I got stuck on certain parts. I tried to avoid buying the Torque drill bits but finally gave up and bought them and once I did, things went great. What a pleasure it was to have such a great explanation and demonstration. Wondering what your next project will be. Again thank you!
hmm "propeller" is not coming off as easy as you said.  I put hot water on it to be sure crud wasn't dried in and making it stick.  Using the pliers actually just broke part of the plastic piece - help!
like I said, $128 worth of helpful! Had I been able to locate that star tool thingy without Hubby I could have fixed it myself.  Getting the tool made him feel important. :) great job
hey dude, you just saved us $128. thats how much it cost the last time! Thank you.
Of course I know the short circuit reference. Do I get free services moving forward. Great great video and so helpful. thanks so much.
also the center piece that the 'propeller' threads on to should not be pushed down the middle hole. i pushed it down too far at first. but its supposed to just sort of 'float' on top. my propeller seems to almost graze the top of the flat tube at the bottom back of the dishwasher. the centerpiece must be pulled up a bit so it spins freely...but judging by the marks on the tube it does sometimes scrape it as it spins.
I owe you a case of beer. This seems to have completely fixed my dishwasher which was leaving dished dirty and icky. A few things I'd like to add: use the "jet" setting on a hose and clean out all the parts inside and out including all holes and tubes and the fine mesh filter screen on the big round 'circular saw blade'-looking piece (easier in summertime!). There was all manner of junk in mine. I also used a wet/dry shop vac to suck out all the junk around the 'garbage disposal' thing.
Great video.  Had tons of problems getting my "propeller" to go back on and your video showed me the way.  Great job and super helpful.  Keep 'em comin.
Those screws are Torx Bits. There in everything from your dishwasher to Caterpillar graders and machines. I hate them. Suppose to be the big answer to star screws. I like to fix stuff like this too, but i never ever trust electricity. Please be careful.  Dog hair in dishwasher?
That looks nasty.  I would be wearing gloves during 1:52 and on.  Digging to get stuff out.
hey, what was that extra screw i saw sitting there at the end next to your "ugly companion" lol? j/k! but i thought the leftovers were for the dog? er wait, prolly above schrimp now, spoiled by milk duds! btw, is there a honey-don't list? like honey-don't repair the dishwasher one-handed or (surprise) gouge your hand to the bone & broadcast it hehe? not u got me thinking i'll just chuck half eaten lobsters in ours so i can execute this well explained DIY! plus free lobster bisque! m-m-goodness!
