For more about what I eat to stay super-healthy, check out this video: https://youtu.be/_2ll3iKMhYA And this is why I'm vegan for 25+ years! - https://youtu.be/jDGFxm4R2SQ
Just watched another video that says you should roast it first then grind it
Первый раз слышу о том, что есть жареные и сырые. Я пытаюсь их употреблять в пищу, но мне этот запах напоминает парфюмерию, ну просто до рвоты. Сейчас я думаю, может быть это были жареные….
you tell us it is better to buy it whole and grind it ourselves, etc   BUT, you fail to tell us just HOW to grind flax seed.  ....
Is she saying "hulled" or "whole"?
What about if you chew whole flax seeds? Are you getting the nutrients then?
Thank you
Flax seeds will heat your liver…Ayurvedic medicine teaches this…there are several videos about this.  Do not eat thinking they are healthy
Flax seeds are not recommended in Ayurvedic medicine because they are to hot for the liver and spleen/ Soaking will not lesson their heat.
Did you say studdieeedeeeit not studied it 😮😊
Ground flaxseed is air sealed. What is the difference between Golden and Brown flaxseed.
I hear a bunch about 2 tbsp being the limit per day, but see recipes for flaxseed crackers, flatbreads, and wraps calling for cups of flaxseed. Is exceeding the 2 tbsp limit safe?
Thanks so much
Thank you to our hostess for this important segment. Learned a lot
Im a 1st timer here. TY u for sharing!!! Very helpful info. Im 50 and new to flax seed and its wonderful benefits.(been using the meal 2x daily about6/7wks) Iv heard Multiple physicians  and health enthusiants say it "MUST BE" roasted to kill the phytic acid in it. Their claim is this is very harmful to humans. In contradiction to ur advice, being "NOT" to buy it roasted!  Can u offer advice/knowledge u have on the phytic acid component, PLZ!? Im so confused/concerned now, on which is the best way! Im guessing human consumption of flax seed goes back farther than can be dated. And my intuitive assumption is they probably didnt heat it. BUT-Who kws really-Because Someone had to figure out the hard way that peanuts had to be heated, ya kw!? Ur advice on this will be very much appreciated. TY...
It is best to ferment the raw seeds first. Very easy to do this. Then dehydrate at low temp. Then grind. Then you can ferment again to bake in bread.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!
Try this  1/2 cup ground flax seed  1/2 cup rolled oats 1/2 cup raisins 1 tsp cinnamon  Pinch of salt  1 1/2 cups water  Mix Let stand for 30 minutes   Crumble on cookie sheet  Bake 375 for 16 minutes  Yummy granola  👍
HELPFUL ❤💯
I use on my breakfast cereal Nopalina Flax Sed Fiber (Dietary Supplement) that provides "14% of daily value of Dietary Fiber per serving as well as 1.40g of Omega 3, 0,53g Omega 6, and 0.54g Omega 9 fattay acids."  From their blurb.  Here's the thing:  they say use 5 teaspoons = 1 tablespoon; well, I use only 1 teaspoon on my cereal and that seems to be more than adequate for regular easy bowel movements.
Yes! Must be ground when you consume them, but best to grind them right before. I put whole flax seeds into my green smoothie and the blender completely pulverizes them -- there are only little specks left. The first time I did it I doubted the blender could do that, but it works like a charm. Fresh and gound so you can absorb them -- and no separate grinding step. My food processor does not grind the flaxseeds nearly as finely as the blender. I usually put 30g of flaxseeds and 30g of chia seeds into my 64oz smoothie which I consume over the course of the day. My HDL and LDL cholesterol have improved immensely since I started consuming smoothies with flaxseeds.
I know flax seed isn’t really good for you if you struggle with thyroid issues. Will Chia seeds have the same benefits?
Do you just store the ungrounded flax seed in airtight container, room temp?
Is golden or brown flaxseed better?
Gah, mine must be roasted! I cant get them to sprout.
I use the flax seed meal. But i heard from another utube lady she said if a woman has cancer dont eat flax seed. I get my flax seed from bobs red mill.
You know that GROUND flaxseeds have a high amount of cyanide, enough to hurt you, right? This video should be taken down.
RANCIDITY. One word. Break open any Seed or Nut 🌰 shell, and you open the food to oxygen exposure which brings on RANCIDITY. And that is a cause of Cancer
Isn’t sprouted the best way to consume them?
I take it in capsule once a day.
Would a seed & nut grinder work as well as a coffee grinder to grind the flaxseed?
Тhank you so much!
Excellent information
I think i got what i wanted to know❤❤
Hello, I know a lot of ppl prefer organic foods. I wanted to know if organic flaxseeds were just as good. Thanks and I appreciate this video.
Excellent info thank you so much! I've always bought it grounded. I never thought about the process it goes thru!
I didn't know about the refrigeration or not being roasted! Thanks 👍🏼
Thanks for sharing I have high blood pressure. I'll be talking to my Doctor.👍🏾🙏🏾
Red mill is one of the worst brands due to high levels of cadmium.
Do you roast the raw flax seeds , and then grind them????
Thank you for sharing!
Ocean State Job Lot has red mill products.
What is your recommendation for peoples/areas where refrigeration isn't an option?
We live in the "pierce the lid" society, for the vast majority of people grounding their seeds every time is too much: they want to be able to take a jar, or the plastic bag it came in, open and pour. That's as much effort most people have the time for, even though plagued with boredom and worst.
Thank you. Very important information.
Incorporate seeds & nuts in my diet. All seeds except flax I sprinkle on my food. I tried to grind them in a mortar & pestal, but didn't work well. After thinking about it for a while I came up with this; I chew a tablespoon a day. Best grinder of all.
BEST BENEFIT FOR ME 2TBS CHIA SEEDS 1C NONFAT PLAIN GREEK YOGURT REFRIG OVERNITE THEN ADD 1TBS HEALTHIEST BEST POTENCY  SELF FRESH GROUND FLAX SEEDS ALSO REFRIG I LIKE IT PLAIN  HUGE HEALTH BENEFITS
RAW FLAX SEEDS GRIND YOURSELF USE IN ONE WEEK KEEP REFRIGERATOR ADD 1TBS TO SMOOTHIES OR 1 CUP NONFAT PLAIN GREEK YOGURT
Thank you for information, which was very helpful.
Buy it raw, THEN roast and grind it yourself. Eating raw flaxseed (grinded) is actually dangerous as it has toxic compounds.
Hi, Thanks for the informative video.  Today I purchased a product labelled linseed which visually looks just like your flaxseed.  Are they in fact one and the same.  I need to be sure as I bought it to see if it would help with my hypertension.
Use a small coffee grinder. I find it solves the problem.
Use a small coffee grinder. I find it solves the problem.
You can but whole raw unground flaxseed at Whole Foods.
I've been supplementing it to  horses for years.  With mortar and pedestal.  Brings a great sheen to hair coat and darkens coat about three shades richer and deeper.
I love Bob's red mill flax seed meal.
Thank you! I needed to know this because I  buy mine at TJMax & they’re always bitter. I’ll hunt for raw whole flaxseeds from now on.
Flaxseed doesn't just lose it's potency after it's ground up; it gets RANCID. Yes, it spoils. I always buy it in seed form and grind it myself as I need it.
That doesn’t help me figure out how to eat it.
Why raw, not roasted?
Flax seed not only "lose their potency" after being ground, they start getting rancid within 15 minutes after grounding!!! So ground only as much as you will eat immediately.
Is it necessary to store whole flax seeds before you ground them in refrigerator weather if the bag is open or not.
Well noted✅
You said ground flaxseed losses it potency soon after grinding.   However, I purchased a bag of ground flaxseed, used it for a few days and saw marked decrease in my BP.  After opening the bag I keep it refrigerated.  Should I expect to see my BP increase as time goes on due to reduced potency?
HI, will the whole toasted flaxseed lose nutrients over time also? Isn't it more convenient if you intend on grinding them yourself, and eating it, as is, by itself, out of a spoon? Thanks.
Why 'unbrowned'?  What did you say at 6:33?
after 15 min from grinding it loose all benefit. better graind just before eating.Not a week in storage!
not true, recent studies show even ground up flax seeds can be stored up to 4 months with no damage, at ROOM TEMP
What do you mean by "potency"?
What is the diffrence between chewing it real good from grinding it?
I think I’ve had these milled flaxseeds too long ..a few months... I’ll start fresh
Do you have to rinse the flax seeds before using?
Thanks for the video, but really, i would have edited the "studieded". It's just like saying 'nucular' instead of nuclear, and 'aks' instead of ask. Little things like that are important in informative videos.
I have started last weak for my gallstone , your information helps . Thank you
It goes RANCID very very quickly. Exposure to light and air is a no no.
Thanks for the information. I think this applies to most grains; once it's ground up it starts to loose it's nutritional value.   I think that most people have lost the information needed on how to eat food properly. (Me included. 🙁)
Just FYI Trader Joe's and Aldi are NOT "owned by the same company."   Aldi was started by a family and the two brothers split ways and one bought Trader Joe's and the other opened all the Aldi here. Aldi here is actually a different company than the european Aldi. 👍🏻
That’s what I call the dumb ass ocracy of the market place.
Kudos to anyone who can ingest this stuff.   To me, flax seed seems like so much gritty sawdust.  Since it's apparently good for you, I'm going to experiment with sneaking this powdery powerhouse into some sort of healthy cookie or bar.  Any ideas?
From the back of the Trader Joe's Golden Flax seed bag: "Roasting the flax seeds reduces the natural moisture level in the seeds, resulting in 8-10% more fiber, Omega-3s and Protein than regular fax. It also enhances the flavor of the flax". So in that sense its better to roast and then consume them raw. So not sure why your video is not recommending roasting the flax seeds
Table spoon? Level or  heaping?
Excellent, thank you.
What a beautiful woman.
Hi, I just purchased ground flaxseed 🤦🏼‍♀️ and just watched your vid.  I’ll see if I can purchase whole unroasted.  My question is : how long once you’ve ground the seeds do they roughly last in the fridge?  many thanks for a great informative video 😊
I'm listening and it makes sense. I guess you realize you're out of the ordinary. Most of the masses have no clue. They're ignorant you know.  It's refreshing to see and hear an individual with intelligence. And a nice surprise! Thank you!!!
just to Ask about the gut as watched other vids that recommends to Soak then dry before Eating please advise if this is essential as this vid doesnt mention
Kroger sells Raw Flax Seed.
🥴.. 😭 what you just pooped on my party.. but  mine doesn’t indicate if its raw or roasted! I was going to sprout mine.. and add the sprouts to soups, salads, sandwiches, and feed them to my bunny (zoltan) Oh well, ill find out if they sprout or not.
Hi, Do we need to roast the raw seeds before grinding? Thanks
great video thanks
I buy raw and whole, grind, and eat it by itself. Love it 😀
What about flaxseed oil?
Excellent presentation! Thank you so much. I finally bought some, having absolutely no idea how to consume flax seeds. I ate a few out of the bag, and they're not fun to chew lol.
OMG. I just bought flaxseed a week ago and I've been eating them wrong all this time. Thanks
Csn we drink flaxseed boiled water
If I make a smoothie with it. Must I eat it soon after making it or can I leave it in the fridge?
Order it @ Amazon
I bought a grinder but only for the flaxseed, and each day I grind 2 tablespoons and consume with water! Us that much? Also can I mix with chia seeds together?
This video is so informative  Thank You  I’ve recently been told I’m pre diabetic and I was told to use flaxseeds in my daily diet, without doing any research before hand I just went and bought flaxseed meal 🤦🏻‍♀️ back to the market 😆 Thank You again for a great video 😊
I grind one TBSP each of Flax seeds + Chia seeds + Pumpkin seeds + hulled Sunflower seeds, in a small electric coffee grinder then add two chopped Medjool Dates and mix it all with two large tablespoons of homemade apple sauce… Makes a great snack or even a light breakfast. Be sure to drink plenty of water when consuming seeds… as they will continue to absorb liquid all the way thru your system.
Flax is high in creating estrogen in men which causes health problems....
Thank you! You are amazing!
I put them in my oatmeal for breakfast in the morning 😋😋
Hi, i bought whole flaxseeds and grind it (without roasted) whether it is correct, most of them are saying that raw flax seed is poison and iam confused,iam afraid to take my grounded raw flaxseeds
This is the whitest woman in the world
Thanks for the info
Grinding flax seeds is so easy, just put a tablespoon in the blender and voilà
I've bought organic whole unroasted flax seed at walmart. I lightly roast them at 300F and grind them. However I am thinking I will sprout them next time. I also dont eat smoothies, why are chia flax and broccoli sprouts people obsessed with smoothies. Anyway if I eat them raw, I put them in near boiling V8 and let them sit in that for 2-4 hrs. Would that get the seeds to be digestible from the acids in v8 and the temperature.
glad I FFwd'd
Great information.
Best way  ??  SPROUT 'EM  !!!!
Winco sells flax seed raw in bulk for a little over $1.00 a pound. Both dark and golden. This is about 1/3rd  of what Traders Joe's charges. Lucky for me both Trader Joes and Winco  are in my town. Love them both but Winco has an awesome bulk foods department.
I am confused, you're holding near the end of your video the "Bob's Red Hill" brand of Flaxseed that you purchased (& I assumed that is the brand that you use), but when I clicked on the Amazon link to take me to the page to buy the brand of Flaxseed that "you buy" it is The brand: Terrasoul Superfoods Organic Golden Flax Seeds, 2 Lbs - Fiber | Protein | Omega Fats  (pardon the bigger font, I just copied & pasted that from the Amazon page)  Sold by the "Superfoods Store"  So, that is why I am confused as to what brand you buy - I thought it SAS going to take me to a page for "Bob's Red Hill Flaxseed."   (this is the first time I have looked into Flaxseed & your video really made me feel like you "know your stuff!" (I haven't looked at any other videos, yet.)  So, therfore I want to get the "right stuff!" Also, I've never been a "Smoothie Drinker" (not that I wouldn't or couldn't become one, I just don't know anything really about them haha) so with that said I'd like to learn more about them and also what other foods can I put Flaxseed on or in? (can it be put in cold cereal or regular cooked foods? I'm totally new to this stuff)  & one more thing, since this video was done 3 yrs. Ago.... Are you using the same Flaxseed, the one on Amazon or Bob's or a different one? (I know times change & sometimes better things come out).   Thank you!   ~Sarah 🙌🙏🏻😊😇
New Subscriber✅.  Thanks for sharing!!!
I've read that you're supposed to roast them b/c raw flaxseeds have toxins...I'm confused.
That's may I Share? Romans 10:9-11 :  ) 💕
a good portion generally explode when exposed to liquid, they are seeds and do hydrate so putting them in a smoothie works. or chewing them
She knows a scary amount about Flax seed
Job lot carries raw flax My must have  Thanks for the  video 😁
Can I blend them in a smoothie?
Can raw whole flax seeds be sprouted and eaten as an alternative to grinding?
👍👍👍
thanks for the more information
I first grand flax seeds and eat it
The Reason is that Flax Seeds have a Short Shelf Life and are Very Volatile or Perishable I don't think the Suppliers could ever give you fresh Seed oil after grinding them up , and Raw /Whole Seeds to most people are just too finicky and is too much Work this is what most People want Pre Ground up Seeds for there Recipes or Drinks.
I take a spoonful and chew them for a while before swallowing... isnt that just like grinding them as well?
Raw or unripe flaxseeds may contain potentially toxic compounds I was told.  Consider toasting, cooking or baking the flaxseed to destroy those toxins.
Thank you so much for the tip.
be careful  flexseed omega3 is not the same as  omega 3 which we find in  fish. i don't rost q any seed because i want thire nature integrity.  so, you also eat it raw.
I buy bobs mills
Thank you very much!🌼🌻💚
Man!   Thank you.. i am doing this one right now!!!!
best to store in the freezer. also you can grind easily, conveniently and cheaply in a fine pepper mill. i need it for my ageing dog
They grind up great when I'm chewing them
Pretty lady
You did not answer my question Sophia.  Everything you said is true.  Does flaxseed help replenish the the stuff between the bones in my knees that keeps them from bone on bone. I have used 2 teaspoons of flaxsed in my yogurt once a day for 12 years.  I noticed the pain in my left knee was less to none.  I am a diebetic for 15 years.  My left knee never did heal, just became more useable.  Just curious if it helped other people.
Thank you for the thorough information on flaxseed. Very helpful!
¡
Thank you.
Hi - What’s wrong with roasted flax seed?  Is that why there are light brown and dark brown flax seed due to roasting or are there actually two different types of flax seed?
So nice
I hope you answer my question which is  in your opinion will soaking golden linseed seeds in hot water  and allow to soften and release the oils  then eat be of any benefit for constipation if taken before bedtime? Can this  cause acid  problems and nausea next morning? Ive been advised to do this  by Kinesiology . Mine are from Sainsburys and it doesn't say whether roasted or raw. How can you tell? . Thanks
Thanks great info
Thank you so much for your video 😊 I have a question .. if i put the raw flax seeds in my oatmeal without grinding them and chew really well before swallowing it, won't my teeth grind the seeds? Or is that not enough grinding? Sorry if it sounds like a silly question 🙈
Thank you for this video.  Now I know why my flax seeds (ground up) have been losing their potency!  Wow!  Thank you!
if I MIX the ground seed in my oatmeal, will my body absorb it fully ?
when you say one tablespoon....is that a ground up  or whole seed-before ground up measurement ?
awesome, Thanx GloryB !!  answered all of my questiones !
I grind them with my teeth 😉
Thank you honey!
brown vs golden?
Does it need to be roasted first before eating? Or can eat raw, thank you so much.
You didn't really explain why we should avoid rosted flax seeds. Is it bad for your health? What's wrong with it? You just say we should avoid it but don't say why
I 've had flax in my kitchen. It's not fresh like she says. I'm still taking it. I'll buy a new one when I'm done with that one.
I like to make flax milk to use in kale shakes, I also soak them first.
I learned a lot thank you!!
“I’ve studieded it.” Lol😘
When you grind flax seed it starts becoming rancid so grind them fresh yourself.
What is your skin regimen? Because you have flawless skin misses! It's the flaxseed isn't it? 😉
Costco have bob oat and flaxseed
Wouldn't the blender grind them up if you put them in whole In a smoothie?
Aldi owns Trader Joe's - that could be why they sell the roasted in both places. lol
Shouldn't we need to roast them before grinding?
So you can eat it only in smoothies or oatmeal !?
I had another question please. What is the shelf life of flax seeds that are whole, non-roasted? One year?
Why is roasted flaxseed not good? Is it not as potent as raw ones?
Thank you!
I eat it differently.. I cannot Grind it cus I don't have a grinder.. don't need it.. just chew a teaspoon of flax seed for 5 minutes at a time and your good. it will get Thick but it taste so yummy. I do this 4 times a day.
Im in ARKANSAS so we only Whole Foods and really expensive vit shoppes
Thanks ok, grounded not whole.  got it ----no roast get RAW
I put some in a blender with some water and a little vanilla extract. Blended it on high until it was thick then I drank it. Reminds me of baby food but it sure does help me go to the bathroom And keeps Me feeling full. I’ve lost Weight with this and it’s cheap not pricey like plexus n all
Got my non gmo whole flax seeds today at Aldi
Thank you! Should I grind chia and hemp also?
Should I siore the flaxseed powder in deep fridge or in the lower compartment of fridge?
Good video. Thanks.
she only spoke about roasted and unroasted flax seeds but not about the best way to eat it.
Hit Like!!    1. Buy ONLY RAW and UNROASTED 2. ALWAYS GRIND OR BLEND shortly before eating/drinking.  3. STORE IN FRIDGE/DEEP-FREEZE          4. MEN SHOULDN'T EAT'em TOO MUCH due to Phyto-ESTROGENS!  The Omega-3-Fats are oxidizing and when you heat the seeds... they can even turn into trans-fats which are the opposite of healthy.
I wanted to see how to prepare  flaxseed meal. You spend too much time in  nonsense.
So glad to watch yout video, thank you so much.
I grind it and add it to pancake batter along with ground oatmeal or add them to hot oatmeal. Mine are not roasted.
Women ... explaining 🤣😂
🕉️Thank you thank you thank you 😍😍😍😍
I'm glad I'm not married
Fantastic Information Thanks!
Thx
God tell me already!
just order online if your store doesnt or won't carry it...you can find nearly everything you need and without all the hassle... Just sayin... 👍😊
What about Flaxseed meal?
for indian people  you can buy from  buy good quality not cheap https://www.amazon.in/s?marketplaceID=A21TJRUUN4KGV&me=A1IB651RBNZBX&merchant=A1IB651RBNZBX
This is not a negative comment. Please understand if your'e open minded about it. Majority of nuts and seeds contain enzyme inhibitors. With that said. The whole raw flaxseeds should be soak til they've sprouted. Note that any form of nuts or seeds contain Phytic acid, lectins ( Dr Steven Gundry explains in more detail), and Saponins. Once when those anti-nutrient are eliminated then your body will absorb those rich nutrients from your nuts/seeds safely. This is a fact. Dr Eric Berg even suggest sprouting the flaxseeds before consuming. Again this not a knock of this video. A nice presentation on Flaxseeds nevertheless.
Lol...i have the same roasted ones you do but i did Get but the whole seeds from Red Mall from Giant Eagle...Marc's sells seeds also.
Should you sprout them before you grind them up.?
We can grind them in our mouth with our teeth, right?
Great video.  Very helpful.  Thank you for your insight...
Rather than grind them, can I just soak them to get all the nutrients?
You give a lot of good information but it takes you too long. Bottom line eat raw flaxseed in crime that yourself. This video should have been a minute long not 8 minutes.
What's the hurry ? .. Why the need for a grinder ? .. Can't we just chew them ?
you didnt say how to eat it, only smoothies and trader joes
Thank you very much. Very useful information. 💕
Thanks. Question: If you have a high powered blender, why do you need to grind the seeds first? Won't the blender pulverize them?
Never had a problem finding whole unroasted Flaxseeds. *They're found at Healthfood Stores (Or whole foods store) all over the Country. I didn't even know they came toasted. The 2 Healthfood stores in my area 'Earth Origin' & 'Sunflower Healthfood' have whole unroasted Flaxseed. You like the Traders Joes, ...etc. that have to be told to Carry certain items.
Thanks. But, , ,  everything but how to grind them? Or did I miss it?
if you are taking flaxseed to aid digestive motility as I do then I find that eating whole (unground) flaxseed that has turned gelatinous in water is just fine
Walgreens sell them also
I saw golden flax seeds.Are they ok to eat
Thanks for nothing
very informative, thanks a lot
I feel like like she got to the point just fine ... including the written text in the corner......thank you for this information.
Oh my god just get to the point.
Hi Glory.Just did ground it.does it work ? Thanx for sharing info.taste so good when i drink it with hot chocolate and oats.
Thank you so much for making this video and sharing the knowledge. Question; is it true that consuming flaxseed regularly over a long period of time it could make your breasts grow bigger?? And I confuse bc on other videos it says you should take 2 to 3 tablespoons daily??
Thank you so much for making this video and sharing the knowledge. Question; is it true that consuming flaxseed regularly over a long period of time it could make your breasts grow bigger?? And I confuse bc on other videos it says you should take 2 to 3 tablespoons daily??
Don't you have to balance omega 3 with omega 6?
Hi pls clarify whether to keep flax seeds powder in Freezer or outside freezer
None of the stores I can buy flax seed are listed on the label  as raw and unroasted flax.  The store I shop at does carry Bob's Red Mill stuff.  Does Bob's red mill have it listed on there label as raw and unroasted.
So Guess who found the unroasted ground flaxseed me!!!!! At Wal-Mart
Lady I don’t need you to tell me your life , get to the point
Target have them to
Thanks! Great info.
She gave me anxiety because she wont get to the point!
Flax seed omega 3 DOES NOT degrade with cooking so roasting does not matter, these factual inaccuracies are the very reason why you should not take health advice from amateurs.
Greetings, hi.. loved your video it's very helpful, thank you.  I just have 1 question, about the amount of flaxseed that you can consume each day? How many grams or (easier) how many table spoons can we consume for every meal? Or is it limitless?  Thank you so much 💚
do u recommend to use flax and chia seeds together?
Ive got a bag of organic ground flaxseed how long can u keep using it.
Thank you so much for the wisdom in this video! I didn’t know I needed raw not roasted. I didn’t know I should grind it up before I use it instead of buying the ground kind. I want potent flaxseed benefits!! Two thumbs up!!!
I’ve bent putting them in my oatmeal. But they were whole.
I only use the golden organic flax seed.
Thank you!
Hi, I have a question for you  Why you didn't wash them first  Thanks
I think you"re HOT!!
Get to the point already!
Sir/Madam I have heared about Alsi (Flex Seed) here on you tube by Dr.Alex that if men eat this then their testosterone hormone quanity and quality become very low.this is male sexual hormone and if it's level is low man become impotent.Is it correct.Any herbel expert can clarify please. And if it is correct what is solution to overcome impotency. In general if there is impotency/Erectile Dysfuction due to age 60 plus and diabetics what is herbel treatment.
Very Boring
wow
Can you put it in your tea?🤔
Roasting or Freezing seeds vegetables and fruit kills the good enzymes.   Freshly ground is the best.
Too much chat.
Correct about the potency of the flaxseed after grinding it. I bought a coffee grinder (less than $10 at Walmart) that grinds it up very well.. Thank you for teaching me to refrigerate them!
Useful tips on Flax seeds
I grind the seeds and eat within minutes and I never freeze them. It only takes a minute or less.
if I grind raw flaxseeds and use the flour in baking a pie crust or making a tortilla, will it still retains its nutritional value? In other words, does the heating process (such as baking) decrease the nutritional value?
What about Cold milled flax seeds?   https://www.livestrong.com/article/214342-the-health-benefits-of-cold-milled-flaxseed/
Thank you so much. Very helpful.
Best information on flexseeds
You are right. Thank you for this Vid. Very helpful!
Boring
Very good , you are so right!!
I read that you should consume within 15 minutes of grinding.
thnks
Thanks for the great video.  You mentioned that eating them whole will have them pass right through you.  I have been consuming flax seeds for three weeks now.  I haven't been grinding them but eating two tablespoons per day.  Putting them in my mouth and chewing them down then swallowing.   It takes about 5 to 8 minutes to chew per tablespoon.
I've been taking the flax seeds and it has caused  troubles with my systems
I get my raw organic flaxseed on ebay, free delivery and cheap too, as my supermarkets aren't that great tbh. I'm in the Uk though.
Check out our FRESH linseed (Flaxseed) Products here https://thelinseedfarm.co.uk/
Thank you!
Hello~I'm a new subbie to your channel.  I'm enjoying scrolling through and watching your previous videos.  This was really good information.  I think it's surprising to people when you mention how beneficial these types of seeds are.  Chia seed pudding is one of my favorite breakfast go-to's. TFS, Sara
Thank you I wrote to Trader Joe's!
Thank you I wrote to Trader Joe's!
great vídeo very helpful thank you
Hi...Im wondering what coffee grinder you use for this. I need to get one.  Thanks!
Thank you! ❤️
Awesome video.
lol.  The  Betty Crocker cookbook is behind you.  My favorite!
thanks for the info! ❤
I buy mine raw but I use to eat it whole I didn't know I not suppose to, thanks for explain 😘
i've heard alot of good things about it!! thanks for explaining
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗 yaas
