Thank you so much for posting this video, Joby.  The slow draining shower was driving me nuts and I'm so glad I found this video telling me what was wrong and how to fix it.  It was quick, easy and free.  What a break. I fixed it in less than 5 minutes!
thank you for your video. my husband passed away and i needed help. Have a good day!
Bro you just saved me $300 from doing like a service call . Great video
If it’s not adjusted correctly, could it also affect the flow of water draining out normally?
My tub has leaked water for years I just lived with it I was always afraid to take the cover off something might fall down in there it looks so simple I will attempt to fix it tomorrow thank you I appreciate the video I’m sure I can fix it
THANK YOU!!
Whats it mean when the lever BARELY moves up or down but the water barely drains? Broken or can it be adjusted?
Thank you!  I learned all I was looking for, and quick!!
Excellent explanation ! Thank you.
My dear brother you are the best thank you so much you've given me great counsel this day God bless you
If it's 2 low what is the visual identification
Do you know how to take this part out if it falls inside. Mine fall off with weight and the entire hooks. Dont know how to take it out.  My water dosent drain at all.
How do I fix one that keeps going up on its own?
This helped me! Trying to take a relaxing bath was not happening with the water draining. This was the second video I saw & the twisting of the item worked ! Thank you
I bought a new stopper and lever. I can move them up and down before installing them, but when they’re installed, I can’t push the lever down to drain the water. Any ideas? The screw is adjusted as high as it can go. Thanks
😎👍🍺!!
I’m gonna try and fix mine tomorrow. Mine isn’t stopping the ester at all it’s fully draining!!
2:05 😳
What happens if you remove it while the trip lever is in a close position ? And you put it back and now it’s im close position and it won’t go back to open position
Que bueno
Thank you!
Thank you so much! Is there a such thing as dropping it too low? I dropped mine down as far as it could go and it still doesn't work. Another thing is the plunger is brass and the drain is plastic.
I just installed a brass one from Lowe’s and made it longer like you showed on the video. It’s still not stopping the water. Any ideas?
I'm scared.  But I have to do this
Bro... your my 4th video in and you finally explained what I need! Thank you so much!
I have to say ..... thank you
Mine is 36 years old and is wore out at the face plate , so that will be replaced .
What would make my trip lever close on its own? I try to push down to drain water it will close itself ? Any ideas before I mess with it? Mind you I had to replace the cover  maybe I messed up the adjustment
I took mine out of the tub and put only the face plate back on because the plunger was causing the water to drain slowly.  I could adjust it, but it is so corroded and if I remember right it also didn't hold water very well.  Now maybe the water in the tub won't rise and half fill the tub during a shower.  Don't really need the drain to ever hold water anyways and If I ever need to fill the tub for anything like maybe washing a large quanity of dishes or getting sliced up by my cats for trying to give them a bath I can just put some sort of plug over the drain hole.
is this the same fix if it doesnt stop the water at all?!
I understand what you're saying in the video but....If the mechanism can be too high (allowing water to drain when it's not supposed to) can it also be too low when it's supposed to be open, causing the water to drain too slowly while taking a shower? Is there a way to find that happy medium?
how do i know how many turns to do? ive already tried twice and did 4 turns each time and keep putting it back in and screwing it back in and its still not working.
Thank you for this video!!
This is what I came to YouTube to find. I’m soaking in the tub and the water slowly leaks out. If this fixes it I will tell my Bro, the same thing is happening at his home,
Thank You for this video, the Bell that is supposed to be attached to the trip lever mechanism is stuck in the drain and I can not fish it out. Any way I can get it out? I tried snaking but can't hook onto it. Help!
Easy fix, thanks for posting 👍.
I did adjusted plunger many times up AND down, but the water is still draining a little bit. Doesn't hold properly. Plunger looks good. What else can be issue with drain system?
I tried this, but it still isn't stopping the water at all. It's a brand new tub (installed by previous owners), and the little stopper weight is plastic - is that the problem? Is it too light and thus not dropping down?
Thank you for the video.  The difference is Joby - you're working with all new gear, I pulled out a unit that was old and totally corroded.  There was no way to loosen anything due to the hard water corrosion.  I spent $33 dollars in parts at Home Depot which from watching the video I knew what to buy.  I appreciate being able to see what to do.
Worked 💯🙏
Screw off
When I replaced mine I noticed that a section of the rod had stripped threads. As an extra measure, I replaced the stock nut with two stainless nylock nuts, one on either side of the long clevis device, one on either side. It now works marvellously. Two notes: You need to leave it a little loose so the assembly can rotate. Also it was difficult to get back in place, but once in, it functions great.
Thank you!  Now I can adjust mine and won't have to pay a fortune to have someone do it for me.
Thank you. Mine needed to be lowered too. Saved me a bundle!
Thank you!  I will try it.  I had mine replaced a month ago and my baths never stay in...
We just had a new bathtub put in. It was not properly holding so I did like you said and adjusted it. It was a little better but it still leaks. Mine is plastic. could that be the problem of why its not properly holding the water for baths?
My trip lever won't extend fully into the lock position , no matter how long or short I adjust it.
I like that you guys got to the problem quickly. 👍🏻👍🏻
OMG!!!! THANK YOU SOOOOOO MUCH!!! I have the same exact problem and I cannot wait to show my husband this video. I think I can fix it myself!
I replaced my trip lever and a week later I noticed that when I open the drain the lever slowly goes back up and I have to push it down again ad again.  Do you know of a fix for this one?  Thanks.
Thank you, But my drain is still not draining.  Thank I think I have got to raise it.
Thank you for this video .. My drain was doing the opposite for years..I had to hold the lever "down" to make the water go out, so then I turn the part so the weight was going in the "up" position.. Now it drains much faster ..Thank you !!
This might be a dumb question but I am going to ask it anyway. If you pull out the lever mechanism and make the adjustment, will it automatically go back into place when you re-insert it into the tub or do you have to jiggle the blocker part of it (at the end) so that it will go where it needs to go to stop the drain? Did that make sense?
Thank You!
My trip lever fell out and I think the button is up when the water is stopped I tried to take it out trip lever and it’s hard to take it out when it is fell off
i tried to pull the whole assembly out and it left the plug itself in the overflow pipe. now what
NICE...mine is frozen in place in a drian pipe plugged position..can i simply lock onto the lead and force it up ? i am lost here and i am too broke to call a pro.  this whole assembly should just come right out like it did in this video, correct ?
so i adjusted the float up AND down, but the water is still draining a little bit when it is supposed to be closed... i have a plastic float with 2 o rings at both ends, i inspected it and it seems to be perfectly fine after a good cleaning, any thoughts as to what it may be? i've been opening and closing the plate, adjusting and readjusting the float for the past 2 hours to no avail, and not sure what to do now. please help!
Thank you for explaining how it works and how to adjust it.  The last vid I watched, the guy just said; "if it doesn't stop the water you probably need to lower it" and kept it moving haha
We just bought a house and the problem I’m having with mine is the lever won’t stay down so the tub will drain, it keeps popping up plugging the drain, any thoughts?
how do you pull that lever back out to open my drainage , and its not draining the water because of that lever has been broken and blocking the water drainage.
Hmm. I was going to replace it. THANK YOU!!!
This was so helpful.  Thank you.
Hi, so mine doent hold watet at all for a bath , do you you think i need to loosen it up, this looks pretty simple thanks for sharing
Nice and succinct. Good job...very helpful.
Really works... thanks so much, my drain was accumulating water..so I did the opposite way ..it works great
Looks good, but I noticed you pushed the lever UP to block the drain and that the faceplate was installed with the narrow part UP and therefore the faceplate was attached upside down. It works to stop/allow water to flow out of the tub, but I suspect water is leaking down behind the plate and damaging the wall and floor behind.
After unscrewing the trip lever, I can't pull the drain stopper out.  Therefore, I can't make any adjustments.
This works great, thanks so much!
here's a question, how do you fix it when the lever wants to stay up but you want it to stay down?
Terrific and simple for the home do it yourselfer.   I just got the tub unclogged, and now the stopper isn't quite fitting.  My issue us the opposite of yours.  It won't open enough to let the water run out.  It was a nasty clog and still wouldn't let the water drain even with the stopper removed so I know it wasn't the poor adjustment on the stopper from letting the water drain..  I need to make mine shorter. I just don't understand how it happened.  It was always fine until my wife told me the drain wasn't working.
Thanks for the video.
Thank you so much!!! Extremely helpful!!
Thank you sir. You just saved me about 400.00 bucks. I replaced my whole assembly over the Labor day weekend.
Wow I haven't tried this yet but if it works I'll be the hero of the century to my 7 year old grandson he moved in with us recently and takes baths not showers we now use a rubber stopper for the bath drain and it does not keep the water in I Don't know if this will work our house was as built in 1962 and we are seniors and never have taken a bath in this house  - we just take showers because with bad hips it is impossible to get up from a bath tub --  I just took the overflow cover off and it looks like it was on wrong - one of the bolts was not connected and the cover anchor bar/seat was attached with screws where the cover should have been bolted in  So this might not work - looks like a Mickey mouse job  from the beginning  Oh well wish me luck I am going to my nearby friendly Family Hardware on Cape Coral Florida in the a.m. they always have retired people on hand to give advice and helpful hints - I will post my video of my attempt to do get this done and will place a link to this video if it works !!
Thank you for this video! It was extremely helpful!
Excellent. thanks!
Put a cloth in the bath before putting tools into it, you will scratch the bath.
Nice Video! It works, I was able to adjusted! Thank You.
hey I can't get the trip lever to move back and forth on it when I try to put a new one
Thanks for sharing!
Thanks!!
The piece on the bottom that drops into the drain hole on mine broke off and is stuck in there somewhere and clogging the tub. =( Someone help!
THANK YOOOUUUU!! I haven't tried it yet but it's driving me crazy in my apartment that I could take a bath without the water leaking out!
Nice, I just fixed my drain and saved myself some $$
Happy holidays
OMG thank you so much! This video help me fix our drain!👍🏿👍🏿
Mr. Randrup from Randolph Heights??  Is that you????
Can you tell me why a lever would go up and down when it's outside of the tub but when I install it the lever will not move?
are you keeping the tapered/thin  side on the upside ?  Isn't that supposed to be at the bottom ?
thank you just what I needed
Checked mine it doesn't have the trip leveler wth lol but did unclogging of the drain yuck 😳 and omg never ever seen it drain that fast before.
