Can yo I do a video were you tilt it up and down?
Yes but how do you connect the extension wings????
When this mount is fully retracted, flat against the wall, does it center itself over the part that mounts to a stud? Reason I ask is, I have a space between two cabinets, where a tv is going, and there is a stud about 1.5 inches to the left of center, so the tv wouldn't be centered, if tv plate centers itself to the mount. Thanks!
Excellent, thank you !✌🏽
you talk a lot
Very good video
How did you determine the distance from the right wall to the edge of the bracket? I'm unclear as to whether the bracket should be centered with the overall screen width.
Thanks for creating this video.
Thank you so much for this video! I’m mounting my TV on my own for the first time and I ordered this exact model. This video will come in handy when I install it later this week. Thanks again!
Only way to do this correctly is to use a stud finder, that way you grab the middle of the stud
This video just saved the day, thanks for sharing this 🛋️📺
Thank you. It was a very informative video, and made the install a breeze.
Thank you sir. I have never really had to install anything as far as using a power drill and man I learned a lot. The experience alone was almost worth it and you also helped very much with the technical details. Thank you very much and thanks for "working alongside" me. :)
The damn kit doesn't come with proper washers.
I found my stud, leveled everything made the markings where to drill, drilled the holes accordingly but can't seem to drill the screws in.  i keep stripping them tried using a wrench it goes in only to a certain point then i cant get it in.  should i use different screws like drywall screws?
just bought this mount.. question for you. How do you get the tv flush against the wall.. when i try to do that i get a  lot of tension as if im going to snap something if i keep pushing. Your help is appreciated.
Fantastic video ,this made my Coochie quiver thank you so much for making the video. Hugs
Thank you sir. You are awesome!
Thanks for the help, the tv feels a bit wobbly on the tilt mechanism, any idea on how to fix that?
Perfect video. Just what I needed. I knew that I wanted to measure out from the bracket to the bottom of the tv to get the height just right. Just needed a little reassurance on my thinking and this was it!
What size screws should we be using?
You mentioned that the wall mount needed the two screws at the top, that's how you know that is the top.  Where I am looking to mount this, I'm not able to go vertically, I have to go horizontal ( left to right). The arm would then be going down from the ceiling in my case.   Work this work for me?
Thanks man! This should be included in the manual.
Would you need to mount it to a stud if the monitor weights only 15 lbs? It's a 32in monitor.
Did you screw the bracket into the wall using a regular screwdriver?
Very good demo, thanks for taking the time to make it.
did your kit come with those washers? mine came with washers but I believe they are only for the lag screws. The other washer don't fit the m6 screw that my TV uses.
My instructions says 5/32" bit. Does this make a huge difference? Should I go with these specifications instead?
Thank you for being so clear on all the steps!! Such a helpful video!! Cheers!
Do you know what size are the lag bolts are I had to move and mine stripped up pretty bad
hahahahahha 360p
Thx for video. How did you hide wires?
Hey man! This is a great video! I had just ordered this for my room. I'm waiting for it in the mail. Your video will be a great help! I'm going to use it for my 48" wide TV so that means it's about 42" long. I'm wondering if I would be able to turn the TV perpendicular to the wall or if I'm going to have to build something to make it do that. Would you happen to know? I've been searching the net and can't find this answer.  What size is the TV in this video? Thank you brother.
Good video. Tell me, There are the two big wood screws (phillips heads) then there are two with bolt ends. Where do the bolt screws go? Is that for concrete install? BTW, the parts were not separated and identified nicely like yours (I have the same product). They were all thrown in one bag and the instructions are not as thorough about two of the screws.
Excellent tutorial! Just got mine yesterday, installing it tonight. Thanks!!
did u say heiglth?
Omg thank you for this tutorial!!! I did everything exactly as you said and after having my tv mount sitting around for over a month my tv is now on my wall very secured.  You made it so easy!!! Thank you again!
Day after Christmas project. Thank you very much for this demo. so helpful.
Thank you. You've been a great help on Christmas Day!
Well done video on a good product.  My only quibble with the kit it is says to drill 7/32" holes for the lag bolts.  My top bolt didn't snug down as tightly as I expected, so installed a longer lag bolt there and dropped the bit size down to 13/64" (3/16" would probably have been fine, too).  The other bolts snugged down fine.  Mounted an older 40" Sony (heavy) on it, it feels rock solid.
Great Video, Thank You!!. How big is your tv?
Do you know if this works on curved tv
I don't have a drill bit..what is the point of pre drilling? Can the lag bolt go directly into the stud?
Great video.  Thanks.  I find mine still moves a bit when I tighten that screw on the back for leveling.
Thanks for this video! We were finally able to install our mount. Awesomeness! Good particulars to look for to avoid pitfalls.
I Used this same mount w/ my 52 inch 71 lb TV (says its within limit), but it wants to rock/tilt left and right.  Another prob, the bottom wants to lay/rest against the wall.  I used the spin lock nut things to lock it in place, but it doesn't really work.  It still slides out to the last position.
Thanks for this video! We were finally able to install our mount. Awesomeness!
Thank you so much for the video. I was struggling with the TV being too wobbly after I put it up. The instructions didn't make it clear enough about the nut part on the back needing to be tightened with the wrench that came with it. This saved me from a very frustrating day!
I'm about to use this mount to hang my 50" above our fireplace. the studs aren't in the exact center, does that matter with this mount? I can still center the TV right?
Thank you. This helped tremendously. I was able to mount my 42 in TV by myself.
Great video! The skipping ahead at 6:21 was a little frustrating, though.
I'm looking into this mount, however I need to turn a 40" tv practically 90 degrees to the right, do you think the arm would be long enough to accommodate this?
thanks a billion
Great video..It will help me a lot for sure!!....Can I mount a 55'' Sony LED TV with this model ML531BE ?
This was extremely helpful and using this in my bedroom now! Thanks!
Thanks so much, we were trying to figure out how to stop the tilting and your video showed us how.  Appreciate the help!
