Easy n Yummy
How does “It’s Incredible” seasoning compare to Auntie Nono’s Everything spice ?  Where do you get it ?  I couldn’t find it on Amazon.  Looks great ! Wish my husband didn’t mind mushrooms.  I might make it anyway !
Wow
I made this today with out the spinach it was absolutely delicious, my family loved it. Thank you
I bet Hunter would love that!
I made this yesterday. Really good! Thanks for uploading the video
I did the recipe just as it was, it was horrible. It was so salty no one would eat it and we had to order delivery for the dinner. Cut back on all the salt. Besides, it isn't good for you.
Hi
James, I am looking at this video for a second time or more. What I noticed it that over half a million people viewed this video and close to 700 people commented on it. I think you should do a revised video or a second video on this same recipe, because it was amazin to begin with but it brought you a lot of views and people who were going to cook it, if they did they were so pleased with the recipe and you will remind them again to cook it again, many of those people should have everything they need including the It's Incredible to make it again. This was a phenomenal recipe and video. Gotta do it again.
That must be your favorite pan cause you always say “maybe I should have used a bigger pan!” 😂😂😂
Great recipe - if you’re not watching your weight!
Always brine your chicken 1st and why do garlic twice?
It looks amazing. So yummy
Lời chào từ Nga
This is such a keeper recipe,,,,,ty so much for this...awesome.  Btw I used Chefs Secret outta Omaha which, I think closely duplicates your its just incredible. BUT i ordered a 32 oz and some rib rub from heavenmadeproducts. Just because.......
Good dish, well cooked.
OMG!!!!
Update: I made this recipe tonight. It works very well with Penne. The rest of my family had rice. Thanks.
I'm in Australia. If I wanted to get a bottle of its incredible shipped to me from online, it'll cost me $82. That ain't happening, but seasoning looks bloody good.
Today was the second time I tried this recipe and it keeps getting better!! Awesome! Thank you!
This is my go to when I want to please my better half. The only difference is that I use Grilling Addiction by Butcher BBQ. 😁🍸👍
I want to thank you for sharing this delicious recepie. I really like how  you explained  important things to do as well putting all the measurements needed for this recepie.
Man let me tell you something according to Mr. Muhammad Ali you are the greatest, great tutorial, great information. Thanks a million, pale!
Oh wow.  Thanks for the recipe.  Just made it, and you made it easy to make.
Looks really good/tasty, I would make it with about a third to half the meat. Also that first bite of chicken was so big I think I would have gagged on it. The older I get the less meat appeals to me, when I was a lot younger I could eat a 1.5-pound porterhouse steak with all the trimmings. Now I think it would be pretty easy for me to become a vegetarian. TheReaper!
Dude!!!!! That looks amazing!!!!!
Love watching you eat it  it looks so good
This is the BEST recipe ever! I have made this a few times :D Thank you so much for this recipe!
Wow, Holy Cow! 😁😁😁 makes me feel like cooking it now but it's 1038pm, Philippine time! I'll do it tomorrow and make some tummies happy
Where do you buy “it’s incredible”?
You are so getting paid by Mr Incredible!
I tried your recipe. And its perfect
Is it breast or thighs?...you said thighs in the pan
Chicken breast. Ick. Nope.
Simply tasty well cooked 🙏
Its 1:30 am your making me so hungry I'm ready to jump thru the screen
Recipe looks good, but WHY can't americans use a knife and fork properly..?
Can't wait to try it! Thank you!! Prayers!!
Seasoned it with WHAT??
Made this tonight and it taste amazing!!! Thank you for the recipe. 🙃
You need a bigger skillet!  A good ole cast iron!
Just come across this recipe so I'm making it for my Mum and my Mother in Law here in the UK as they are still in Lockdown due to their age. I had to use our own blend of seasoning but hey it tastes fantastic. Also used cornstarch rather than flour.
Was looking for chicken breast ideas for dinner... DONE! THANK YOU! This looks amazing the masterful build of flavor layers undefeated.
Wen I’m fasting an deen this 😩🤤🤤😋😋
Looks delicious!!.Also try out the Cast Iron Chefs health recipe for Creamy Chickenhttps://youtu.be/FttbcSN9_tg
So yummy so yummy food I subscribe your channel please subscribe my channel thanks God bless you 👍👍👍👍👍
Dude , this was probably one of the best chicken dishes i ever had, and was truly amazing!!!!!! i used my own rub and followed your recipe to the t for the most part..  WOW!!!!!!   i give it a A+++!   thank you very much for the recipe .    Instead of pasta i highly recommend that you try israeli couscous on the side with this dish for a different experience .  That sauce was a killer man!!       Thanks again.        Regards,    Rene  & Karen ,   Sarasota , Florida
Just now saw this and really liked it and I will try this one out.  I have a similar sauce recipe, but I think this one will be better, however though, I leave the chicken breast whole and slice a pocket in the center and stuff with goat cheese,  3-4 pcs of fresh Asparagus, and finish with mozzarella and cook the chicken the way you did.  Great job on this dish.
I mad it for my friends 👍they loved it 😋😋good and delicious recipe thank you
Great recipe! Tastes like fettuccine Alfredo. Should put that in description
I made this recipe 2 x's in a row....AMAZZZINGGG!FOOL PROOF
Good work mate,, yummm
I am going to do this on payday yummy
Looks great...never trust a skinny chef!
Did I miss the mushrooms?
I just made this for dinner today. AMAZING!!! Definitely a keeper! 😋😋😋
I tried this recipe out and it was DELICIOUS!! :) Thank you for sharing it!!
😋 you made those chicken breast right just like I like them 👍
Boneless, skinless chicken thighs...?????
Amazing!
Been using this recipe for about three years. Just made it for my family today for lunch! Thank you!
v dnt get this "its incredible all over th wrld. u shld b specific. vry unprofessional
and th last shot th cam shld hv been on th chicken nd noodles. not th persons face
in th start seasoned it with what? what is in that bottle? cant u b clear?
Looks Awesome😐
Raw chicken
😍 the recipe will be my go to recipe 🙏 for sharing 😀👍
I just made it and it was absolutely delicious my gawd that sauce!!! Thanks man!
I’ve made this twice now and it is delicious. My family loves it.!  Had to make double the sauce the second time. Thnx so much.
What’s in that it’s incredible, that can be substitutedlike fresh herbs maybe?
This recipe is the truth.. Thanks dude
Thanks I’m trying this
I’m going to do that keto though no flour
I like Flavor Gods spices. That looks yummy
I made this for my family and now they want it every other day.,,,jeeze.  I substituted the spinach with Italian parsley.
Looks so good
Is there a way to wing this without flour I always mess up when I put flour
Have you tried with adding a little dry white wine......even in the dish sometimes, and maybe garnish with some spring onions ........looks great
Anyone skeptical this recipe was the 💣
trying to find that seasoning mix who makes it? pic was cut off in video cant make it all out please?
Can I substitute corn starch instead of flour.
I added sauteed shrimp and a touch of green onions also...🤤
Finally, a written recipe Amen!
jesus christ did he wanna use any more butter lol wtf
Looks good can't wait to make it. Thank you.
Where do you get the it's incredible seasoning from
You can't really go wrong with butter, cream, garlic, mushroom, Parmesan....
I made this tonight... Delicious!! Thank you! 😊
Where to buy."It's Incredible"😭#2020
I'm so here for this.
I love the way you cook I've made two of your dishes so far and they came out fantastic kudos to you keep up the good work
Make that sauce n make it as a dip for quick company
I watched this and made it in the same day (yesterday) using pork chops instead... OMGGGG this sauce! Thank you, thank you! The whole family DEVOURED it. You have a new subscriber! I don’t grill or anything but will await more like this! Thanks again!
I’m made this tonight and it was delicious as hell! #thankyou ☺️
Hell yeah ✌️💯💯♥️❤️
Looks yummy
This was so mmmmm  Delicious 🤤 this is my Second time making it , I didn’t have mushrooms this time so I just added some bacon and crushed red pepper. 👌 It was so good thanks for this recipe
You maid alfredo sauce but added chicken broth .. lol
We didn’t see what seasoning you used on your chicken breast ?
Instead of using the whipping cream, i used cream cheese and it was stunning
This looks amazing! Gonna do this on my show! So awesome..
Adding 3 cloves garlic to butter ... WHEN is somebody gonna invent smellavision???
When he closed his eyes.. I know that his soul went out of his body fo sho....
Im cooking this today thanks for the recipe
Looks wonderful yum
You can probably put that sauce on green beans or almost  any cooked vegetables. Even over meatloaf. I must try that sauce . I am thinking it tastes something like the sauce on Swedish meatballs. Or better
The look on your face says it all.👍🏽
My brother that looks absolutely delicious!!
Lookin good brotha. I'm gonna try this.
Thanks for your video the look on your face said everything I am in the UK and luckily we can get all your ingredients here so I'll be trying it out but I'll have rice it would be a waste of all the flavour of the sauce not to soak it up with rice . You do need a bigger pan but the chicken looked extremely tender.
I bet the sauce would had a great over mashed potatoes and asparagus
THANKS
Welcome dude! I'm actually a lady lol
He can come cook us some !
What did he use oil or BUTTER
What seasoning is that ..he showed it too quick!
Is that chicken breasts or thighs or tenderloins
Man CAN COOK!
Yummy! I'm making this delectable dish!!
“I got the missus choppin’ up some garlic, some spinach...”. Say that in my house and “the missus” would chop you up 🤣🤣🤣
I can eat this keto!
That looks AMAZING.  I would of let the chicken simmer in the sauce for an hour on very low heat.  Otherwise, it looks fantastic.  Thank you so much for sharing.
Just made this recipe, it came out amazing. I didn't have the incredible seasoning so i used original badia complete seasoning and parsley,garlic onion, salt pepper seasoning, then i did 1 cup of broth and 2cups of half half to make more sauce. It came out amazing.
I tried it. You just earned a new subscriber.
Delicious can't wait to make !! Mouth watering  Subbing
You just made chicken alfredo
I hate it when these guys have a good recipes and have absolutely lousy cooking pans and utensils! Teflon pan? Come on! Fresh grind your pepper!
Will make this soon—thanks for the recipe!
That recipe is awesome going to try to make it for my family tonight thanks a lot
Thank you. Something to add to my dinner menu. Yummy!! 😊
this is sooooo good
It was amazing😍 My friends told me to open the restaurant after eating this food Thanks a lot
That chicken looks really good. ..hmm
This is Chicken Alfredo!! Plain and simple.
My favorite! Thank you for sharing your great recipes! You're absolutely awesome! Thank you again!
Hi from germany, we are cooking your recipe today. Thanks a lot.  Greetings Annette
Is the 'that's incredible' pepper Lemon Pepper because regular pepper is black not yellow?
What if u don't have that seasoning what to substitute
Delicious recipe thank you
I’m going to make this recipe thank you!💕🥰
Which incredible season did you use, do you have a link
Your so cute!! "That sauce is great, I wanna drink It !!!!" Love It !! I am DEFINETLY making this !! Looks Awesome ! I just subscribed !!
Going to make this today
Good job sir thank you.
I thought u were going to cry, lol...
Where can I purchase “it’s incredible “?
Definitely trying this. Yummm!
Johnny, where do you get that incredible spice? Maybe an address-please. Thank you...Gabe
Johnny this is so good delicious oh my goodness
Where is the recipe?
Looked like you were gonna cry after that first bite lol
This recipe look amazing but can I switch the white flower for almond flour?
I'm going to have to try this.
You was right.. it is amazing.. thanks for sharing Sir. Sauce is really good.
I made this a few months ago, and fell in LOVE 🤤  I actually took a picture and posted on FB, which I never do! But, it was THAT good! A few of my friends wanted the recipe as well! Lol
3:35 one quarter stick of butter looks more like a quarter acre...but I'm ok with it. :)
Recipe is good...but the kitchen tools are old and warped.
I could not see the name of the seasons for chicken. It clear not show ths name of the seasons. It better get the recipe on the video.
Has anyone been able to find the Incredible seasoning?
Man that looked good. Watching you eat it brought me more joy than I expected lol
Cant see whole label name and where do u get it.
Just made this recipe, and turned out amazing. thanks for the video. Yall gotta try this, was great.
Things looks awesome. Thanks you so verymuch for sharing your secrets. I'm not sure but if you add cooking wine while frying mushroom it will enhance the test. Pls correct me if I'm wrong. Appreciates your few words for motivation. Lots of Lve from INDIA.  Best regards,
What is half and half please? No a term we have in Ireland..
Very easy to follow,  can’t wait to try.  Thanks for sharing 🙏😍
He said Chicken thighs.
Great dish👋👋👋👋👋😁
Wow! Looks delicious 😋
I see the ingredients listed, but where are the cooking instructions?
I
Just stumbled upon this video and I must say, I felt that first bite! 🔥 Will definitely make
Thank You Is So Good !!!!!!
I have made this at least half a dozen times. My husband loves it. I love it too. Really tasty dish and easy as hell. I did add a little dry sherry to the sauce which amped it up a bit for my taste and it came out great.
I'm looking forward to making this later!
Now that's what I call cooking 101. at the end when you'r eating it that's what I call food porn.
Where is the Misses?
That's amazingly awesome thanks for the idea ,I didn't know what to make for dinner,  going to make your recipe hands up all the way :)👍👍👍👍👍🥂🥂🥂
And NOW,,,,,,,,,,get yourself outside for a Ten Mile walk to work off all that excess fat !!!   Nice recipe though !!!
holy！super rich and fat but it looks soooooo good though!
Looks amazing!  Where can I order the It's Incredible seasoning!?
This looks amazing ....thanks for sharing👍
Cheese and chicken dont go well together... that's just me tho... I'll do this with strips of beef instead
Thanks, I will look for the salmon videos.
Looks good! I will be making this!
I love how you enjoy yourself eating that meal. I totally believe it is delicious. I am definitely going to try this recipe. Thanks.  Try something with salmon.
how did he season the chicken before frying them?
Gotta love that first bite I could taste it along with you. Thanks for the recipe I will definitely be trying.
I love this recipe did it like 3 times already...!!! Soooo flavorful an really simple instructions thx🥰🥰
Looks delicious , I just made the recipe, I changed a little big, instead of heavy cream I added almond Milk instead of FlourI added oatmeal flour and was delicious
I made it today without the spinach and still tasted great. Wwwooowww what a recipe. It was all because of you! Awesome. Thank you from me and my family this will be one more great recipe added to our menu. 👍👍👍😊
Personally I don’t like my chicken over cooked. I like tender and juicy chicken. So I’d do exactly what you did as far as cutting the chicken in half but then on each side it would be 3 min or until cooked barely half way through and then flip and the other side does the rest ❤️❤️❤️ you truly do get some nice and juicy chicken
Great
James! No wonder!       that's a great Chx. cook! Love the proper technique! Ingredients looked fresh! Spinach compliments those flavors nicely, well done James!
Finally came across this video and I can see why it has 250k views! Looks and sounds awesome. I wish I saw this last Fall instead of right now!  And props on using silicone cooking tools on your Teflon 😂 I am so OCD on that and it never ceases to amaze me how many people grind their non-stick with metal tools. Like fingernails on a chalkboard, y'all! Stop it!!!
Can you use somme other vegetabel for this recepe?  Only the spinach i must change. (kidney problems)
FYI and side note...please follow his directions to the LETTER AND YOU WON'T MESS UP👍😉 😉 😉
YOU'RE NOT LYING!!!...WATCHED THIS VIDEO THIS AFTERNOON AND DECIDED TO MAKE IT...F-ING AMAZING...TRULY IN MY TOP 3 YOUTUBE RECIPES...WOW👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I love how well-seasoned your foods are 😩
Please stop saying holy cow
O my god i wish i was your kid lol
Lmao the reaction after the first bite😂😂😂 I’m most definitely making this
Tryed your recipe step by step and I it was amazing.Family loved it.Thank you
But you need to add spinach to your title
Can you let your meat rest in the dinner plate! I know it's best on a cake Rack or
Raw spinach into cream sauce.....my God......meanwhile the " cooking process have been stopped for several minutes after you tied to make something like roux.....
When you record a video to show us something, one filet is enough dont get crowdy the pan....
Looks delicious ! I love simple one pot recipes
😍looks delicious!! Great job!!
This looks absolutely amazing!!!! Thank you for sharing! Wondering if I can substitute almond flour rather than regular flour?
Yummy!!
Love the recipe except for the cream😂I’ll use more chicken stock, a little wine, and milk, add more flour for thickening. Thank you for sharing 🙏🏻
That looks delicious. Thank you for sharing
You seasoning looks delicious, but we don't get this seasoning here.  What's the substitute?
Seasoned with  what
Okay, we've started off talking about chicken breast and how to cook them. Seasoning was undisclosed, just said seasoning and shook a bag. Couldn't read the bag. By the time the chicken breast hit the pan, you're calling them thighs. I'm passing on this recipe. By the end of your video, everything looked great, sounded great. I wish I knew how you did it!
Definitely going to try this...  Did this dish make it into your regular rotation?
Delicious!! We loved it!
What was the chop green leaves you added on?
MY WIFE MADE THIS , IT WAS AMAZING SOOOOO AMAZING ..
Good job bro...! I'm making it right now, have the ingredients laying around didn't no how to put them together.. thanks!!👍😋
Outstanding ! Can't wait to attempt that my brother ! Ty👍🍺
Looks good
You Make it look so delicious, I can’t wait to try it..👍
Loooks yummy, hmm👍
"Ain't that right baby" "Yep yep" The Misses standing behind her man lol. I'm trying this for dinner. It looks amazing with that spinach!!!
My husband hardly ever gets in the kitchen 😢 the only times he cooks would be outside some bbq but not often. I think men that cook are so awesome! I am so making this recipe for my  family  thank you.
So stupid recipe. Ofc if u add all delicous stuff in a pot, it l be delicous... That means also it is unhealthy
Wow doesn't that look delicious
What is that seasoning called? I never saw that before
This recipe turned out excellent, thank you.
My husband loved this omg thank you so much!
I think i`m gonna try this tonite for dinner,,,,but use shrimp and lobster instead
I made this and my sauce came out to salty?? Not sure what went wrong... Ugh I keep adding water but it is still salty.
I just prepared this dish for the family tonight and it was AMAZING! I used every ingredient as suggested in the video and did NOT tweak anything. If you're attempting this recipe for the first time I would prepare exactly as shown because it is EXCELLENT flavorful chicken pasta dish worthy of being served in a restaurant.
Omg this looks great!! I've got all the ingredients on hand,. Just need the chicken breasts. - Thank you for another awesome video!
Where can I buy that seasoning????
I am making this tonight!! Excited!! It looks so Good!!
I'm going to try this today! It looks incredible! Thank you for sharing!
Keep it coming, Sir
I just made it today   and it is AMAZING
Thank you SIR
If there is a disagreement or a lot of stress I go straight to this recipe and it’s all gooooood!!!
I made this and it was amazing! This actually saved my marriage. OMG!!!
That looks heavenly.
Thanks for making this. I just made it and everyone love it. I just added sundried tomatoes
Yessssss!!! I just got done making this recipe, it was amazing and delicious so thank you. 💗
This recipe was so good!
Omg I just finish doing this just now and I want to Thank You sooo much it's AMAZING..... will do for the whole family to try
Looks ohhh so good.  I would preferably cut the chicken, put them on the noodles or pasta, and then pour on the sauce...yum yum n more presentable.  Thank you!
I need to make it. Looks delicious!
This is amazing.  I added mushrooms to the sauce and Pinot Grigio wine.  My family loved it.  It was beyond delicious.  Thank you for sharing🍷🤗
dawwgggggg.....omg i felt that when he took the bite
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY COWWWWWWWWW! hahaha
made the dinner , good
Looks yummy, i must try it
Okay. So i just made this with some adjustments. I used boneless, skinless thighs, cleaned off most of the fat snd yucky stuff. I included cumin and Jamaican all purpose seasoning to season the chicken. Probably 1/4 the amount of butter. Light cream and Fit & Active No yolk egg noodles. I did everything else the same way and it was sooooo good. Im working out like a monser so if i can cut where o can and still enjoy good food, then that's great.Thank you for the wonderful recipe.
I finally tried making this dish. It was good but I didn't have any heavy whipping cream or half & half. So I substituted with something else. Won't do that again.  So I am planning on making it again with all the right ingredients. Also I am going to see if I can find " It's IIncredible". I really curious how it taste. So didn't turn out for a first try oh and I used chicken thighs and egg noodles.
OMG 😋MOUTH WATERY DEFINITELY SUBSCRIBING TO YOUE CHANNEL 👍 GLAD I CAME ACROSS YOUR DELICIOUS DISH.WILL TRY IT ASAP❤️😋😊
Hello what is that "incredible" thing in your hand. You presume that everybody watching this knows about this?!. Surprising ! And again you just flash that thing for a while and like magic you keep it aside. At least you should have explained the contents about that. Or is this clip meant for people of pericular area only?. Hope you understand me and get me the answer. However the dish looks to be great. God bless you.
I'm gonna make this tonyt..goodluck😁😁
Omg delish
What can i use as substitute for the it’s incredible seasoning?   I want to make it but I don’t have the seasoning I’m going to order some
Fresh garlic might be better
After watching your presentation, I prepared this meal for my wife, including the fettuccine and I loved it. She stated to me, but because of the carbs, if I could make the sauce again and use it w/ vegetables, specifically broccoli. She loved it with fettuccine, but wanted it the next day with broccoli. She also said that I didn’t make enough sauce. So I guess this dish is a winner in our combined eyes. Good job with your presentation.
What kind of flour?
I am going to try this out RIGHT now! I have all the ingredients... except mushrooms :/ Wish me luck :D
Omg I just made this tonight.. Fantastic.. Thanks for dinner.. Lol
We tried your recipe and it was the best Alfredo ever!
it looks great but I would've chop the chicken breast in smaller cubes
i am gonna make it Tonight :)  u r so funny :)
Agreed @t-roy
Always lay food in pan down away from you unless you like burns
Well, I made this dish, James, and I have to express that it was loved, loved, loved by everyone in my family, including me.  It turned out GREAT!!  Thanks again for sharing.  I will definitely make it again.
Where do I get 'It's Incredible?' Thanks for sharing. Looks great!
James, umm, umm, umm...this dish looks absolutely amazing!  I've got everything I need to make this dish today, 6-9-2018.  I am so glad I came across this video and I thank you for taking the time to share it.  I'll let you know how mine came out.
Made this tonight it was delicious !!
I absolutely loved this recipe. It was amazing. Thank you. I was skeptical at first because you are known for smoker recipes and yet this is the best version of this dish I found yet. Did not have that seasoning but figured out seasoning for my palate and it came out incredible! . Thanks again!
Wowwww
How do you make barbecue ribs
I'm trying this today for dinner in Ecuador..but I don't have that great seasoning here....but yours looks delicious. Thank you.
looks awEsome  thanks  :D!
Omg this looks soooooo good
I*
U jus tried it and omg! If u think it looks good it taste waaaaay better. Definitely 2 thumbs up. That was an excellent recipe
Thanks for that recipe. My family enjoyed it
Looks awesome I will try this recipe thanks for sharing
So what if I don’t have it’s incredible seasoning
Where do I get that seasoning?
Don't quit your day job, 1SG.  Just kidding... I'm going to try that recipe for Mother's Day.
"Seasoned it you've guessed it" ???? Very informative!
Www.Heavenmadeproducts.com this is the website the seasoning is on. Great recipe thanks!
WOW tried today. Fantastic.i added sun dried tomatoes. the left over sauce is being saved for tomorrow night over some pasta. Really great recipe. Thanks Bill P
Looks bomb...
DAM!!!  Next up on my to cook list!  This is definitely happening this week
All I remember from this video is “right BeBe, yep yep”
Ok so you have me jonesin for this dish so much right now. With your permission -I would like to do a copy cat tribute to you to see if I can recreate it just like yours.
Have to try this one!
Just made it . It’s absolutely awesome.  Thanks
Just got done making this and omg 🤤🤤🤤
The sauce looks soooo tasty! I'm definitely trying it with turkey cutlets.  Thanks for sharing.
I could not smell it. It is not fair  - You should repeat it -one more time - may be I can enjoy it.
Dry chicken so marinade first in buttermilk or don't cook to death
Thank you very much this recipe looks soooo good
Man this looks so good!!
or with mashed potatoes
Man you're good! Subscribed!!! 😆
I’m going to make the same dish tonight with shrimps and pasta.
What are ingredients of Its Incredible spice mix, so I can season without buying the spice mix cuz I can’t find it
I don't know your name bro, but they just let me out of the cuckoo hospital yesterday.   My passion is cooking, so I needed to cook today.  I stumbled across your vid for this and I gave it my best shot.  Just want to say thank you, for your relaxed presentation and instruction.   much gratitude to you.  Tastes awesome :-)
What is that is that saying it's incredible what do you buy it at
wow amazing looks yummy I'll have to try this recipe
Looks Delish! I'll be giving it a try real soon. Thanks for sharing the recipe.
Awsome with Pinna pasta, the sauce gets down in the tube like noodle!!!! Yum Yum!! Thanks for sharing the recipe!!!
Looks good
Made this for the second time today. We cooked up about 12 ounces of bacon first and used the bacon grease with a touch of olive oil to cook the chicken, then we added the bacon in with the spinach. Spectacular! Thanks!
Wow sure looks good. Nice one with yhe spinach. I'll give it a try. Thanks for sharing. Greetings from Greece
Looks good , I'm gonna try it
Looks great i know what im makeing for dinner
Hire there Mr Cook. Great channel. Wondering if you have a replacement for something you used? "It's incredible?  In Australia we don't have anything like that. I'd appreciate if you happened to know. Thank you and keep cooking..... (-_-(>
Just made this for dinner, added pasta to it. It was amazing! !😋😋 the family loved it. Thank you for the delicious recipe 🙂
Hi Aim'em, I made it just like you did, and hubby ate every bite!! He says that recipe is a KEEPER!! Thank you very much!
Just curious, I have a hard time finding garlic powder that is NOT produced in China. All the supermarkets in my area only carry made in China Garlic powder including name brand product's ! Why. I just don't trust my food from that Country, I see how polluted they are.
Awww thank you so much for this recipe! By your reaction I think my man will absolutely LOVE it too!! God bless you!
Wow, how could someone not like this Great video and Recipe definitely going to try this I wonder how this sauce would taste like with Salmon.
Looks like a great recipe, can't wait to try it. But I never heard of the seasoning called Its  incredible. Where can I get it?  .
The dish looks amazing and my mouth was watering but I've a few questions,the incredible powder that you've used to season the chicken,can I use salt and pepper because I'm in Delhi and I won't get here unless I head on to a super market.Also,the spinach and mushrooms should have been cooked together to get rid of moisture rather than adding in last stage. I guess baking a bit more would've been great but nevertheless nice dish.
To use seasoning which you cannot find everywhere makes the receipe useless. I do not have any idea the ingredientes of the used seasoning so for me this receipe is useless.
I made this today and all I can say yummy !
I like The hint “if The sauce too thich -ADD whipping cream”👍
nice👌👌
Lol this is pretty much how I make my chicken alfredo sauce only difference I add more butter and also cream cheese try it it's amazing Aww just like heaven
That look amazing
OMG, I just invited you to my kitchen and it taste incredible. I was hoping all the sounds you were making about how good it taste was true and I must say it was on point. You should do food commercials lol
OMG!!! This looks soo good. I am not passing go, not collecting $200.00, going to buy chic,mushrooms. Will be making this very soon. Subscribed!!! You made this look absolutely so simple. Nice job.
SWEET MARY & JOSEPH!!! All grilling and smoking aside, this "in house" recipe ROCKED the house! Weill be doing this again!  Keep up the recipes and videos. One of my favorite channels! Thank you James!!
Going to cook this make a video, thank you.
Help please!!!!!!!!
I can't find it I went to the website but I could not find how to order or how much it costs.
Bought some Its incredible today and I'm making this tonight.
This is the best one I have seen among all.
👌
Made this tonight and man it was delicious kids were licking the plate for that sauce LMAO 😂  made it in the cast iron pan I wouldn't change anything delicious
Dang dude what you doing to me.  Just went grocery shopping yesterday am gonna have to go HEB again. lol
I'm going to do this, and I'm going to get me some of that it's Incredible, looks great.
Dude, that dish looked delicious!!!!  Another great idea on a dish to make at home.  Keep it up brother!!
Brother I'm really going to have to make this for the lady-friend.
OMG Brother James, I made this tonight and it was "Incredible". That sauce, you can put that on the bumper of a car and it eat it! Thank you very much for sharing this recipe.
My husband and I found this video yesterday and made this dish tonight! HOLY MOLY YUMMY!!!!!!! We doubled it because we have 3 kids and we don't have It's Incredible seasoning (yet) but we used our own ap seasonings! Thanks for sharing it! 😍
Great video and this looks amazing! But where are the measurements and link to the seasoning at tho?
Amazing looking chicken and that sauce is to die for... Great job
That sauce looks amazing. I bet it's good with any type of noodles.  Yum!!
James that dish looks killer!!! It's definitely going on my to do list. Well done brother!!
Anyone know a discount code for that incredible seasoning
This one deserves a super thumbs up
Omg....the facial expression said it all man. That looks so delicious. I am going to make this recipe and get that same facial expression. Thanks for sharing this one bro. Keep these videos coming. Cheers!!!!!!
I like the way u enjoy the shit out of your food that looked incredible ehh!! Fuck yeah!!!
Geez that looked good n so easy. I will definitely make it. Got any ingredient suggestions to replicate the rub? cheers.
that sauce is healthy because you added spinach right James haha! Great looking plate of chicken - Nice video! best ever? going to have to give that a try!
This looks great. On my to do list.
Damn it Mr. James!!!!! Lay off the "It's Incredible Stuff "!!!!!! Lol!! I'm just joking man!! Lol!!! Dude your my new favorite subscription channel man!!!!  (Don't tell Mr. Troy but I think you got the upper hand on him. And that's a completely not taking shots at anyone because I think what he does is absolutely great and if it wasn't for his channel I wouldn't have stumbled upon yours.) I just happen to like what you do a little bit better. I personally think you got what it takes to go a long way and possibly one day being a famous guy because of the charisma you have. Anyways just keep doing what your doing and I'll keep waiting on another bad ass video session you deliver as always. Take care man!
Holy cow!!!! That did look super delicious!!! Hopefully, you didn't make the wife wait to eat until after you were done with the shoot? Karen hates it when I do that to her!!! LOL
Looks amazing like always
This Parmesan Garlic Mushroom Chicken looks great! Cheers
James,is the sauce strong enough that it doesnt need anything like say a shot of red wine or 2?or is it strong enough as-is?
Brotha James, people tend to sleep on chicken breast due to it coming out dry and possibly bland, but when you know how to cook, and we both know you throw down in the kitchen, chicken breasts can be delicious.  Parmesan, sautéed mushrooms, and garlic all together…maaannnn, you can’t go wrong with that.
I wonder would smoking the chicken add anything or take away? Looks delish!
Hell yea!
...garlic bread to sop that sauce
This recipe looks good... I can taste it from here! Will add this to my future cooks list. Thanks and Happy Friday!
This is a great recipe James! Two Forks Up!
Hey brotha James!  This dish looks amazing and I can tell you love it by the priceless reaction lol! Great video brotha!
Looks great James! Might make this tonight~!
