Only one vhf CHANNEL?
Hey you selling this?
Mike, I had subscribed to your channel on one of my other ggle accounts but lost access to it. Saved this video bcuz I planned to make your model but never got to do it. I'm soo glad I found you.  I don't have any knowledge about the wavelength, beam width or anything else about antennas. And after doing some reading,  and what caught my interest in making your model was on how you explained the length and distance of each triangle. Once i make it and get it hooked up, I'll let you know how it worked. Thanks in advance!!!
Will this antenna pick up HD channels?
🎉 Great tutorial! I recently made a homemade antenna too, using a slightly different method, and the signal boost was impressive! If you're curious, check out ‘How to Make a Powerful Antenna at Home – Easy DIY Guide😊
I love it nice design easy to make thanks
Hey Mike, I like the design of the antenna. I'm getting the materials together- what do the little pvc blocks do? Can I attach directly to the wood?
Readymade handmade antennas are not available in India...are they available on line ...if so kindly inform the suppliers name and contact no
Hi: Made one, works Great and EZ to build.Thank You
Wow need to try
Couple questions: Would using thicker 40" wire do better? Adding a wire cloth reflector would 1/4 x 1/4 inch galv wire cloth work?
Great video thank you. How much did the bowties benefit you over the straight 8 V design? I made one of those and it worked well, but your 40" 4V design is even simpler. Thanks!
I am curious about what purpose does the pvc serves?  I am about to screw it straight to wood, will report with results. Also it is unclear what transformer to use.  I think I have some old ones on an old tv I kept because I am a hoarder.  Will try what I have and log back specs and results.
Can it work for VHF analog 196 mhz channels sir ? Please answer me .. thanks in advance ..
Hi Mike, your videos are great!  I think it's awesome that you share your experiences and knowledge on this topic, especially that you share your drawings and measurements so that others can easily reproduce these designs and benefit from free OTA TV.  I've watched your Tuxedo, Tuxedo+VHF add-on, and the Tri-4 antenna videos.  I was planning on building the Tuxedo with VHF add-on because I want to pickup VHF channels 8 and 13 in my locale (I was going to add two VHF elements for channels 8 & 13).  But after watching this Tri-4 video and seeing your comments regarding its sensitivity for high-VHF frequencies, I'm wondering if it makes more sense to start with the Tri-4 design.  Also, I noticed you made this video two months after your Tuxedo+VHF video so I'm guessing (perhaps incorrectly) that the Tri-4 offered a performance improvement beyond the Tuxedo+VHF add-on.  Could you please comment on how the Tri-4 compares to the Tuxedo+VHF for capturing high VHF frequencies.  Also, how does the Tri-4 compare to the others in terms of UHF signal strength?  I appreciate your insight.  Thanks so much for sharing!
Hi, Like the video. Have been gathering information and material to build an antenna.  I am going with a Gray Hoverman with hats.  The design I have has 8 gauge copper wires bent at 7 inch between beds.  You have 10 inches between bends.  I used the formula (300/ Frequency) x 39.37 = wave length in inches.  I made a list of wave lengths for different TV MHz frequencies.  For the middle of VHF-LO 1/4 wave length = 21.6"; for the middle of my VHF-HI (10-13) 1/2 wave length = 30" ; for the middle of my UHF (RF29) = 21" is full wave length. I think this would indicate to make a bow-tie with 10"-10.5" whiskers good. Would a Gray Hoverman with 10" between bends be better than 7" as all the instructions on the internet give?
I am just curious how these compare with something like an indoor Amazon Basics antenna. UPDATE: I made one of these in about 15 minutes (literally). I went from 42 channels using the Amazon Basics antenna to 83 channels and they all come in crystal clear. Note: I needed to find just the right spot indoors to get that many channels. Very impressive. Needless to say, I was mind blown. I used 2 40" solid copper grounding wires (about 10awg) bent 90 degrees every 10 inches, a few screws to hold them 1/2" apart, and a balun. I decided to mount it on my roof but curiously that did not add any new channels to the 83 I had already found. After blocked all the home shopping, religious, foreign language, and ad-only channels I have 35 usable channels to watch. AWESOME! Now if I could only do something about the 25 minutes of advertising in every one hour of airtime.
Thank you! Took about an hour including buying the 75 to 300 transformer. Got 35 stations vs about 10 before with the flat panel antenna.
Thinking of adding one of those to  my rabbit ears,  it has to work better than it is now lol...
Very Nice, will give this antenna a try.
You must be On the Mississippi Gulf Coast  !!!    I seen WLOX on your Last Antenna Test
What is range
Does this antenna receive the signal from all directions Sir ???
Thanks Mike!   I made this antenna today.  It was easy to make, and it works great!
Nice work on both antennas!
Has anyone tried it with a third wire-set added to the top, or even a fourth?  You think that's a waste or would it improve reception/range?  Yes, definitely use a reflector to boost reception/range if you live far from the towers.
Thanks, Mike, your work has finally gotten me off the dime.  Of course, I have some questions. 1/ Why aren't the channel numbers on the TV the same as the ones you call out?  2/ I don't have any PVC stock on hand.  Do you think thick polyethylene will work as well?  Thanks, again!
I'm getting ready to build one of these antennas (the tuxedo or this one).  I live out in the boonies (about 75 miles south of Henderson, NV) and on my current antenna, can only pick up about 23 channels.  Do you know which antenna would pick up long distance the best?  I'm really hoping to pull in more channels, as most of them seem to be crime/justice channels, weather, or old tv shows.
good stuff
Thanks! Took me less than 20 minutes to build and I get over 50 stations. Adios cable.
i suggest you add a reflector to that  biquad antenna and test if it makes any difference
Hi Mike-  Love your videos.  Odd that the latest and greatest seem to be the easiest to build.  You state that you used PVC for antenna mounting points.  Is there any reason you could not have used wood?    Lastly, are there any calculations you used to arrive at 40" per element?  Or just trial and error?
Yes its easy to make got stuff to make one
Sounds good I'm going to make me one
please designs for UHF 470 -806 MHz
What were your signal level differences between the two antennas on each channel if any
I made one works great test it inside and works from stations 35 miles away. I used 8 copper wire
Worked like a charm!!  Thanks,  Mike!  Now I need to make 2 more for family!
Would this design pick up analog signals as well?
Helo sir.. I need your hepl 😊 can you teach me how to do that? for educational purpose only.. i need the schematic diagram.. thank you.. janlee.manalo@manalo thanks alot
Great video. How do you know how to make it?  why 10", why 1.5" apart, why a perfect triangle?  Just wondering how you came up with the design because I see so many other shapes and sizes.
Interesting stuff.  I'm looking to cut the cord.  I'm ordering a Gray-Hoverman antenna but would like to play with this in the mean time.  I'm in a hilly rural area with most channels 30-40 miles away. If I amplify the antenna, am I wasting my time building this for my scenario?  I appreciate your work.
After i got some interference elements out the way, it pick up great except my cbs channels which are in ch 4 range. Any ideals why it doesn't?
Nice work, Mike! This design performed almost as well as my Gray-Hoverman build.
Does the extra time bending the Tuxedo warrant the extra labor this is also a very good Question thank you ????
Does it compair to the Tuxido???????
Sure hope you do! About to build a second one to pull in better signals since my network channels come from different directions. This one looks easy yet quality!
Did it pick up all of the available channels in your area?
