☕️☕️☕️ If you liked this video, say thanks with a cup of coffee 👉🏻 https://ko-fi.com/handydadtv ☕️☕️☕️
I use one longer ground wire and wrap it around the ground screw and just connect that to the other ground wire (using the same wire connector in the video that is used to fasten the three ground wires together) that way you do not need three wires for the ground and it is still grounded and connected to both. Great video!
Thanks for the share, quick question: Do you need to worry about which black/white wires are attached to top/bottom of outlet? Ie incoming/outgoing wires on top/bottom? or does it matter?
Thank you for this! im starting electrical school soon so I want to be informed as much beforehand
My neighbor showed me how to replace ungrounded electrical outlets. Thats pretty much how I did it. Thanks a bunch sir. On the piglet, is that only for ground wires?
I'm working a room I have 2 outlet one is alone and the other has a light a light switch and a outlet..my question is  for the single outlet can it go directly to the breaker box alone ..I understand the light switch and outlet combo but the one alone outlet doesn't have to be tied into anything? I can just run it directly to the breaker? I am just running wires I'm not actually doing anything else
The absolute easiest, simple,  simplicity d.y.i video on y.t. too many others complicate videos with. To much b.s. or im just easily confused! (Easily comfused.)
You should never use the push in ports on a receptacle, no electrician worth a damn would ever use those, industrial grade receptacles don't even have them. Always use the screw terminals with a loop in the end of the wire, and make sure the wire enters on the correct side of the screw (as in when you tighten the screw, it pulls the wire in instead of forcing it out). Also, use Wago connectors instead of those push in connectors. My brother in law is an electrician and a firefighter chief and says those crappy push in things are responsible for more than a few house fires. If it were up to him, they would be outlawed.
Thinks
Is it the same for gfci
Thanks.  Great basic video….. subscribed
Sometimes you have to leave the screws loose or else you can't plug anything into the outlet.
The diagram is helpful.
too fast, not clear close-ups on the outlets, not for beginners
Thank you! Very helpful. I was able to do it myself!
In the middle- of- the- run outlet does it matter which white wire goes to a specific chrome screw OR which black wire goes to a specific brass screw.
Your voltage tester looks like pliers.
Does it matter if the power from breaker box is on bottom set or top + the power from this plug is on bottom screws or top * assuming  half round ground on front is on bottom  Bottom facing it
☕️ thank you
Dose it matter if the black wire goes on the bottom  screw gold &white go's top crom
Thank you for the information
Best video on this! Thank you.
Thanks!! Really helpful!
Is there a correct order for attaching the the black wires…line from power source first?
It is not recommended to use the push in holes in back, use side screws..
Im confused one video I watched said do not use 2 silver screws and 2 gold screws. You should pigtail them instead one silver screw one gold screw to prevent the outlet from getting hot which may start a fire or short out??
That was very simple and your instructions were clear, thank you
Just what I was looking for thx
Hello!  I’m adding power to my shed and I’m confused on connecting ground wires.   On one video I saw they had to be bonded but unless I’m mistake, I think I just saw you use a push connector for the bare ground connecting to the green screw.  I’m fairly new at this.  Help?
Great explanation. Thanks!
What if i have 3 wires coming into the box ? Can I still use a wago ?
This was very helpful, thank you!
So for the end of the run outlet, the white wire can be placed at the top left and the black at the bottom right? Does it matter if their both at the top or both at the bottom or vice versa?
Thanks for the help
Question, when I make a hook on the end of the wires to attach to the screws, do I try to wrap them or do I just do a single loop then tighten?
It would be helpful if you made it clear which set of wires connect to bottom screws and top screws. Thanks
Well done and thank you my good man 👏🏼
Excellent video, though I would recommend wiring the outlets with pigtails just incase the first receptacle on the circuit goes bad, the rest of the other receptacles and/or light switches and light fixtures wont go bad. Otherwise, great video!
Nice, I definitely like to use the screws vs. the push ins.  It's not a bad idea to wrap the outlet with electrical tape as well.
Great how to video😊
At 03:07 the power coming in is on the Top Screws.    But the end of the run the power is on the bottom screws.   Does it matter for top and bottom ?
Great video! I have a finished wall with an outlet that’s the main circuit. That outlet is already wired to other outlets going to the left direction of my finished wall. I need to install one outlet going right of the main circuit outlet and I’m looking to get the power from the main outlet I just mentioned, can I add and screw the new outlet going right on the same screws of the outlets going to the left?
Great video with nice explanation.. my question is, if you are adding a receptor in series, wouldn't the voltage drop if other receptors are used by different appliennces? Thankyou 🙏
Is the romax with two wires and a ground a 12-2 (or 14-2), or is that a 12-3 (or 14-3)??
Exactly what I was looking for, thank you! Saves a lot of $ on a electricrician
Don’t you have to break the tab?
One of THE BEST video beginners. Answered all my questions and pretty easy to follow. Thank you! Subscribed 🙏
Super helpful video thank you.
Thank you baba
Thank you! This video is exactly what I was looking for very simple explanation and to the point.
Did you remind everyone to shut off all sources of power to the house?
Ok but like, where do these wires come from? Or does every wall just have wires running through them in case someone decides to add an outlet in the future?
Awesome. Simple, precise and no bs. Thank you thank you thank you.
Thank you thank you , you explained that very well I've watched professional videos. And you nailed perfect I understood everything. In laymans terms. the others were like you had to pigtail each wire blah blah blah. So thank you I just had to put three plugs in and inspection tomorrow it will pass
Just watched a video that over over over complicated it. Seriously couldnt stay on topic, he had to many branching addons. Perfect vid
What if connecting more than 2 outlets? Going from 1st outlet to second outlet, do the black and white wires go on top, and then the 2nd to 3rd, start like 1st to 2nd?
Great video. I’m in construction just a highly functioning concrete idiot though! Electricity scares us all!   How does one create a safe termination for bare wires that aren’t attached to an outlet or are wired for future but hasn’t been installed.  Example . I’ve removed a light fixture , and I’ve got my three wires , how do I cap the ends to make them safe?
Very nice video... thank u
☕
Poor camera views…to far away.
Started doing some work on our house. The wires in my houses are not exactly how your drawing shows.  When we took it apart to get to the outlet however,  both incoming and outgoing wires were on the same terminal. Then the black that Isha both incoming and outgoing were both put together as well. The 2 white wires were diagonal of the 2 black wires.  What is the difference? Thks
Great - very simple demonstration and explained critical ground connection. Thanks to HandyDadTV 👍👏
Anyone know if the rule below, applies to basement installation of 240v range receptacle? The rule below, doesn't make any comment on it.   "The stove receptacle (14-50R) must be mounted so the centre of the receptacle is 130mm / 5.1 inches from the finished floor (rule 26-744 (6)(a))"
What would theoretically happen if we dont create a pigtail wire for the middle of the run and simply wire both ground wires to the green screw?
Googled, press in connector, and nothing popped up.  what is it called?
I literally spent 2 hours or more trying to find answers about the ground wire when doing multiple outlets. No video had a straight forward answer like yours. Thank you
Thanks for the diagrams! How would you hook up a switched outlet on that circuit?
Damn you explained this perfectly. I appreciate the drawings… thank you sir.
Hey man, this is a super informative video. I have a slightly more complex situation.  I want to extend a new GFCI outlet to an existing outlet, which appears to be serially linked to another outlet. In other words, in the existing outlet, I think there's a power/hot wire (black/white/ground) coming in and a load wire coming out (presumably to feed another outlet downstream).  My question is: what's the best way to add a new outlet to this one?   I'm thinking either (1) wire it up so that the load wires coming out are split between the downstream outlet and the new outlet, or (2) wire it up so that the hot/power coming in are split between this outlet and the new outlet.   I'm not sure if either way is good and which is the better one.   Any idea?  Thanks.
How many outlets can I connect on a 15 breaker
I have a 20amp line feeding my garage outlets. First is GCFI which works fine, next 3 in the line work fine, and then the 4th and all receptacles after that don't work. I've replaced the non-working outlet, still nothing. The last working outlet doesn't have any loose wiring. All of the outlets I've looked at only have 3 wires, so I'm assuming I'm dealing with a parallel system, but I don't understand why the rest of the outlets stopped working.
thanks that were reinsuring me on my wiring  project
Close-ups needed.
When you wired the outlet at the end of the run will it power both outlets or just that button one. I’m going to rewire my boat and wondering if I can run ac (from shore) to say the bottom one and ac (from my dc inverter) to the top one and each plug be isolated
Great video broke down very simple to the point
THANK YOU!!
thanks
Thank you 😊
Good video!   Spelled receptacle incorrectly.  Not with an i.
Wires in the push in connectors are removable, just twist back and forth.
Great video!
push in is an inferior connection. They can come loose. The screw terminal is superior.
What if you want to connect another outlet to a MIDDLE of Run outlet? Can you do this? Is it against code?
Neat wiring..
An easy way to remember which screw to go to with the wire is....light to light and dark to dark.  :)
Thanks for the video ☕!  It is easy to follow.  In my case, I changed both middle and end outlets but still no power to both of them.  Any tips?
I had a portable heater fry one of my outlets, I tried to replace it myself and I wired it backup correctly but now another outlet in the same room quits functioning if you plug something into the one I changed and vice versa. It’s super weird and I can’t figure out why. Any help would be appreciated! Great video!
How do you know the push in outlets won’t pop the wire back out when pushing the outlet into the blue box inside of wall?  Also how do you know how much insulation you should have? What happens if some of the insulation is screwed in as well and not just the copper?
This is such a great video. Would it be possible to do one showing how to add an outlet to the start of a run? It's the bit about wiring into the main box that has me feeling uncertain! Thanks!
THIS WAS SUCH A HELPFUL TUTORIAL ON HOW TO PROPERLY WIRE AN ELECTRICAL OUTLET. THANK YOU.
Hi, I replaced an outlet ( Leviton T5320-W) in my kitchen and test it, start working, then I cut the power off from main switch to wrap-up the fitting of the outlet. but when I turn the main switch on again from main panel and check again then it stop working  and there were 2 more outlets stop working either. then i replaced circuit breaker and all three outlets but there is no power in all three outlets. I check with multimeter, tester and with receptacle tester there is no power. so where I need to dig now. help me please. thank you
best to pigtail all your wires.  you don't want all your downstream power running through the receptacle.  FIRE HAZARD.
I like this, but what if you have a rocker switch, and it only has two brass screws. how would it be wired , thank you
Thank you. Tired of waiting for my hubby to get to my honey do list. I'm doing it myself.
Why won't anybody explain which screw the hot or neutral wires go to? There The bottom or top? Or does it not matter?
They got master electricians or electricians been doing work longer than a master even that just never wired a true basic 2-3 bedroom home then basic can mean so many things like with a basic single three way switch somewhere or something.... i haven't met anyone that good just people familiar with certain locations and practices of local wanna bes...
CAUTION: While the method at 3:02 is within code, it's better to use pig-tails for all 3 wires (not just the neutral). If there is a fault with the outlet, pig-tail-method will not impact downstream outlets.
Excellent! ☕☕☕☕☕
Great video.... Straight to the point
Great use of diagram and video.  Thank you!!!
While not against code, the recommended way to connect the "middle" receptacle neutral (white) and hot/line (black) is to also use pigtails & wire nuts or Wagos for each.  It is typically advisable to not use the outlet as the passthrough connection by connecting both sets of screws as the passthrough junction.  Again, it is allowed, but not advisable.
This is the most simply explained video. Thank you very much.
Is this the same for 240v receptacle?
never use the push in i always run into electrical calls because they are a terrible connection
Thank you for showing us how to do this.  I have always wondered, but you made it simple for the rest of us.
Short and informative! Perfect!
Sometimes the neutral wire is just taped together and just pushed into the box, without connecting to the outlet, whats that about?
So does the circuit only flow one way? I got a wall with outlets on both sides.  I'm guessing the opposite wall is first.
Thank you, saved me a few $100 bucks!
Does it matter where the black and white wires go i know the black connects to gold screw and white to silver but does it matter if it’s the top or bottom screw? Thanks an advance
I cant find any answers online. I know the difference between wiring in series and parallel. My question is using the bus bar on receptacle as you shown without removing tab, is that considered series or parallel since the current does not pass through receptacle?
Great, simple, fast, quick, not too much talking, straight to the point!
Thank you, exactly what I needed to know
Finally! Someone that explain wiring in a simple way and with great drawings that even this dummy can understand!
Very nice vid!!!
You need to upgrade your lighting techniques. Shadows on the wall?
Thanks so much, explained everything very well!
In middle of run, does it matter which white wire goes to which silver screw? Or do they just have to match with their corresponding black wire?
Newby question... Does it matter which of the silver screws the white neutral lines go on and which brass screws the black hot wires go on?  Thanks!
Thank you!
Probably the best video on the net. I wanted to see how to wire the outlet that goes back to the breaker.
I'm gna be tring to run wire from receptacle to receptacle in my shed is that the same way to do it ?
How many 15 Amp outlets can you put on 12 Gauge wire?
@13:10: I had to disconnect an old outlet, and I ran across the same thing with the hot and neutral wires twisted together inside the box instead of screwed in to the receptacle. WHY??
Nice on! Especially with regards to the ground pigtail.
thank yu! yu just saved me $450 ($150 an outlet)
I wish you explained the difference between wiring the circuits in series vs parallel. In your example won’t the downstream outlets be affected if the middle outlet fails?
Can you connect to the wires in the middle I'm looking to add an outlet in the middle of the wall for a tv. Both outlets are down low and the wire runs low on across the wall can I tie in down low and add a box up for the tv
☕️☕️☕️ If you liked this video, say thanks with a cup of coffee 👉🏻 https://ko-fi.com/handydadtv ☕️☕️☕️
Thank you for this video.
The video does not show the grounding of the outlet box...?
Very helpful video thank you for taking the time to show how this is done.
You pig tail the ground but not the hot and neutral.. wth
Awesome video!! Easy to follow this guy's instructions.
1:52 There are two screws for the white and two for the black. Can we choose anyone to put the cable or it has to be a specific one?  Thank you for the video
I have plenty of DIY electrical experience and worked 20 years as an electrical panel assembler.  Watched your video anyway and found it very informative and well articulated.  Not a fan of back stabbing switches or outlets, prone to failure.  Going to check out your channel and may Subscribe.  Thanks for posting.
If getting power from outlet to power up a gazebo, how would you connect white and black wires from outlet to new cable to be run as power source for gazebo
What if i have 3 neutral white wires? Can i pig tail all 3 together Or pigtail 2 and 1 direct to chrome?
In the middle of the run for both of the neutral and hot wire doesn’t matter if it’s top or bottom or do certain wires have to be one top or one bottom?
Thanks for the clear concise explanation. Helps alot.👍
This was extremely helpful. Thank you
Great video and diagram. I’m guessing the requirement for the pigtail on the ground for middle outlet is because the screw can’t securely hold two wires like a wire nut can.
I feel like I am going to learn a lot from your channel!!  I totally appreciate this video!  It has answered soooo many questions!
Thank you. Used your video while doing a in the middle of the run socket.
I learned in 5 minutes what my teacher failed to teach us in a week. You're an incredible teacher!
Short sweet and simple.
1:17 no no no, don't take off the wire nuts like that. If the circuit is live for some reason, there is a chance that current could flow through your chest and you die. Take one off at a time using a single hand so you don't accidentally become part of the circuit. There are testers you can use as well to see if a wire has electricity in it without even having to touch the wires yourself.
How do you know what wire goes where? I don’t get that because I know it can change
Thank You
I'm wanting to connect an existing  receptacle and 2 single bulb light fixtures that are not wired up to an adjacent receptacle that is wired up in my garage to make them all work together, any suggestions?
So if there was another receptacle  in the middle would the bottom hot and neutral  wires from first receptacle go to the top screws in the second receptacle ?
Thank you it is so easy for me I'm going to use it thank you again
Same order for receptacles with test and reset push in bottons?? What load and line means on the back of the receptacles ?? Thanks!
Thank you.   I'm also wiring a camper on my own and didn't know how I was going to attach 2 grounds to the same screw. Thank you for this!
Push wire connectors are removable, you just have to twist the wire while pulling it out.
My outlet has two wires only  Is the second wire is ground or neutral? Red and yellow
This is what I was talking about in the other video. ;)  This is easier to understand.  I want to add an outlet to my toilet room so I can use my bidet and I want to connect to the outlet on the other side of the wall.  So I assume the original outlet (on outside of toilet room) will have the W & B wires on the top and then I run the NEW wire from the bottom of that outlet to the new outlet in the toilet room (opposite side of wall).  Can I connect to either TOP or BOTTOM of that outlet?   Say for example in the future I want add even one more outlet from that new one..would I attach it to top and then run to new from bottom? So basically power in top...power out bottom...last outlet top?
What if my ground is already "grounded" to it's metal receptacle?? Can I leave it like that? Also, does it matter on which screw I put each (hot or neutral)wire? (I know the black wire goes to the brass and the white goes to the Chrome or silver colored screw)  I hope you get what I mean there. Thank you either way for the video!!!
Your video saves me a lot for home renovation
Very nice and simple. I like the drawings
Great Video! I am installing an attic fan and I have spent hours trying to find a video about wiring it to power. Every video shows connecting the thermostat side and then they just say "and the other side connects to the power" But how? So I believe what I learned from your video (and please tell me if I'm wrong) is that I can run my 12 guage wire from my attic fan to an outlet in my attic (my heater is plugged into one) Basically if I open the outlet box (with the power off) and see a free chrome and brass screw, and a ground - I can connect to those accordingly and my attic fan will have power?
Another wiring guide showed two grounds on a single screw for a metal outlet box. I thought that was odd and came across your video. Thanks for explaining how to pigtail a ground.
It would be useful to also include wiring the beginning of a run when the first outlet in the circuit is feeding two outlets (one in each direction).
There is no need to make a pigtail. Use back wired device. There are 2 positions that can be chained and it is connected to the device. In case you didn't break off the shorting tab, you got 4 positions. The 2 positions are on the left and right of the clamping screw.
me and my son are using the demonstration to get ready to move out our current house and its vary detailed so my son know how
This is the same as getting open heart surgery from a guy who watched a YouTube video. If you have loves ones who sleep in your house do yourself a favor and tell this guy to find another hobby and go hire a licensed electrician.
Great video, thank you.
How to do a code violation.  See NEC 300.13, continuity of grounded conductor (AKA Neutral, not to be confused with grounding conductor) shall not be dependant on device connection.(B)Device Removal. In multiwire branch circuits,the continuity of a grounded conductor shall not depend on device connections such as lampholders, receptacle removal of such  devices would interrupt the continuity.
Why would I have an outlet with three white and three black wires, when there is no switch involved?  (Also glad you mentioned the pigtail on the ground, because all three ground wires were just spun together and the longest was mounted to the green screw....nothing surprises me anymore.)
Have you ever seen a outlet that is controlled by a switch but is hooked up with just neutral wires?  There is one neutral on the bottom right and one on top left but the back in the box are the 2 black/ hot wires nutted together.
Hey, that was super helpful.
Thank you! This was a big help
Good video but wouldn’t all those grounds touch when jammed back in the outlet box anyway?   What happens then?
how about adding a third outlet to the middle you have to do piggy tail to all of wires white black and green?
How many outlets connect on one line?
The push fit connectors are reusable to remove the conductors you give them a view twists and pull .
The diagram was very helpful and understandable Thanks
This was the most clear out of all of them, thanks
You are the MAN!!!! saved me couple of bucks!! $$$$
How about 3 wires to one receptical outlet?
you forgot the most important tool , the NEC book .
Does it matter if the order white of black wires when there's two blacks and whites? Also won't it make it 220 volts with two blacks and two whites? Thanks
I am going to build the best computer desk ever. I am going to wire actual Outlets into it. This video helped a lot, thanks.
Does it matter if you hook the hot coming in and power going out to the top or bottom?
NEVER USE THE STAB CONNECTIONS! I'm an Electrician.
Never backstab a receptacle unless you want your house to burn down. Failure to use pigtails. Hire an electrician before you get someone killed.
Thanks for making a video like this, very useful... I just added an extra outlet in my bedroom thanks to you guys.👍👍👍
Thank You
You can remove wagos.
Is this 14/3 wire
Very well explained. This was my third or fourth vid trying to figure it out. I didn’t know that the two sets of wires was one coming in and one going out to the next box. But holy crap!! That explains a lot with the short out I had and now hopefully I can get it fixed. Thanks!
Does the ground need to be grounded to the box and outlet?
I like how you double checked the voltage. Could save a life that way
This is a perfect how to video, thank you!
Hi guys, thanks for all the tips.  I am remodeling my kitchen.  One outlet, you can flip the switch and the kitchen lights come on.  You can also open the back door to the garage and flip the switch there and turn the lights off.  Either end you can turn them off or on.  I am having a problem with a 2 power switch.  So is this possible?  To turn on a light over the sink or stove while turning on or off the light over the kitchen?  I played with this for a while and thought this won't work........But you know these days Youtube can provide some crazy real information.  Just looking for a next step, again thank you for all your input.
Hello, I’m an apprentice electrician from Australia & was just curious to see how outlets are wired in America. After watching I realise the outlet wiring design is a little more complicated than it is in Australia. (Also not an admiring design in my opinion)
Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for in a video, as a beginner.  Now I just have to get over the fear of grabbing bare wires for the first time (after shutting off the breaker and testing for power with the proper equipment).
Pro tip shut down main cirket braker i had trouble finding 2nd ofice cirket braker so i had to shut down main braker
When is it that the tab is to be broken from the outlet?
Super simple and helpful, Thank You!
im gonna need you to calm down sir..................good job
I'm clueless so why didn't you show how you connected the middle of the road
very helpful video.. thank you! this is going to help me with my project.
!aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa A aAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I noticed in your diagram that the hot wires went to the top screws and the out going power wires were connected on the bottom and went down line to the second outlet but that outlet had the hot wires go to the bottom instead of the top like the first one.  Can you explain why?  I know gfci have a LINE (hot) and a LOAD (down stream) and was wondering if an outlet that has (hot) wires connected to the bottom was a problem? Or was it just because it was the end of the line that the process changed?
Thanks for the straight forward video. U got a new subscriber.
Why cant you just use the existing white wire to connect to the 2nd outlet? Is there draw or is just for accessibility for others or some kind of standard for electricians to follow?
The diagrams are a nice touch
Excellent! You answered my curiosity most completely.
Stopped watching as soon as you quick stabbed the plug. 😔 Not sure about the US but in Canada that will get you kicked off site, and fail any inspection. That hasn’t been allowed for a long time.  A disclaimer at the beginning would be good.
Great video, nice and clear,  thank you!
Tried to extend an outlet behind my TV and ran into a water pipe SMH
hi sir, just wondering, is it ok to run two 12/2 wire in the same conduit? or do they need to be separated. thank you very much!
Thank you for the video, question, could I connect a 2nd Receptacle to the middle Receptacle? Main cable comes one pair of screws, second cable to another receptacle using the other pair of screws, and a 3rd cable to another receptacle using the pressing connectors?
Can you do a video on connecting 3 GFCIs together
great video! exactly what i am looking for! everyone else just pigtail everything. why waste time.
Hi, I want to put a new plug outlet near selling. How do I get the wire connection from existing plug outlet? Can ne possible and is it okay with regulations?
Could you do a video for adding an outlet to a 2 way switch?
Im a trade student and this is helping me study. Simple and straight forward. Thank you!!
I have a switch connected to an outlet, but I want to connect it to a new ceiling light instead, making the outlet independently available.  Can you show or advise on how to wire this scenario?   Thank you,
10/10
I got a few questions hope you don't mind. 1. Does it matter which screw you connect the same colour to? ie white wire, does it matter if its the top, bottom screw or push-in connector? 2. My new outlet has two push-in for ground(and for black and white also) does it matter which push-in i put the wire into? 3. if the outlet doesn't have a ground screw, what do you do with ground wire?
Excellent video. How would I find the first outlet in the circuit and the last outlet in that same circuit? Looking to install afci/gfci plugs. Thanks. I can't seem to find a video on this on YouTube.
I once saw a circuit with hot and neutral  lines  dropping from the attic to each outlet as if it was T connected. The result was parallel outlets having 120 VAC at each outlet whether or not we removed any one of the outlets. Not a daisy chain. That means that only one brass screw had a black wire and one silver screw had a white wire. Could happen then the parallel outlets will be hooked up in series resulting in incorrect voltages if hooked up as a daisy chain, even with the connection bar in the outlet
Such a great simple video.  Thanks.  My circuit also has a red wire in it;  What do I do with that one?
Super helpful
Thanks for the clear explainer! But when you IDed the cordless as a Phillips at 1:10 it might have been better to show the tip since that is what makes it a Phillips. Not clear at this angle. Nevertheless, thanks so much. The entire series is priceless!
Very clear video. Thanks
I've watched several videos today on this topic and this one might be the most clear and comprehensive.
Nice video, but I have some comments: first, never use the back stab holes on the back of the receptacle it makes for a weak connection, use the screws. Second, wires can be removed from push in connectors, you have to twist the connector back and forth  as you pull on the wire or get the Wago lever type. Third, on middle of the run outlets it is preferred to use the pigtails on all 3 wires as long as you have room in the box. The downstream outlets then will be independent of this one.
This didn’t help. Every end outlet in my house has the white wire on the top chrome screw and the black wire on the bottom brass screw. This video did not have it that way. So I still don’t know why it’s done.
At 3:04 is this a parallel or series circuit?
Finally, a clear explanation. Thank you!!
Im doing something wrong. The old outlet has the brown wire connected to a brass screw right next to a silver screw connected with the white wire. The black wire connected to another brass screw in the opposite side. The ground screw has no wire and it works just fine. . So I changed the outlet. Took the black wire connect it to brass screw. White to silver and brown wire to ground. And my circuit breaker keeps popping.  Please help me understand.
Great video sr can be better explain simple and easy thanks 😊
4:38 also because that's how your Dad taught you :)   (heard you say this on another of your videos)
We’re wiring a camp on our own, this is so awesome, thank you handy dad!
How would you wire a box that has 4 sets of wires?  A line from the breaker box into the receptacle, and 3 lines leading out to 3 1 leg branches. A line from the receptacle to a floor mounted receptacle. Another line from the receptacle to another receptacle on the left and one on the right. All three end the run but originate in the first receptacle along with the feed wires coming from the breaker box.
Does it matter which wires are on the top screws and bottom screws for each side?
Excellent video thanks a million...
Thank you for the excellent diagrams with easy to fallow directions.  Total life saver.
Video and narration is excellent. Thank you and keep up the good work 🙏🏼👍🏼
Electrician here, NEVER use the push in connection, they are allowed by code but still frequently cause fires.
Great video! Thanks. Just one question the hot wire and the neutral coming out of the same line has to always be opposite of each other? I was changing an outlet and i see that the wires are on an x shape instead of same hot wire opposite of neutral of the same cable. But one hot wire opposite of the other lines neautral and viceversa. Does it matter?
What happens if there are 2 ground wires on the green screw?
Nice friendly concise explanation
Very helpful.  Thank you!
Now would this work the same way when adding a receptacle up a finished wall behind a TV?
Great job...right to the point.. covered what I needed. Thank you...
This was perfect.  Just wired my first outlet by watching this (yes, I’m 37).  Thanks so much!
living in los angeles...not even gonna try
I learned a lot from this vedio,thanks a lot .
This was very helpful. Short and to the point. Great job!
In the name of Christ Jesus bless you
Great video but a close up of you actually doing it would have been helpful
Hello great video. What if I’m trying to add a ceiling fan to a bedroom that has no ceiling light or anything. The room has a wall switch that controls a wall socket to connect a lamp. How do I wire the fan so that the wall switch controls the fan. 😅
so there are total of 3 ground wires in the press in connector?
This is nice video. Thank you. PS: your crown molding has crown molding? 🤣
Great video. Question about replacing a middle of the line outlet. I understand the ground code, but does it matter which neutral goes to which screw?  Or which hot goes to which screw?  Does the source always go on the upper and supply on the lower?  I’m not sure that’s the right terminology, but I don’t want to cause myself to have to wire and rewire if I mix up the lines.
Very helpful for someone who needed to brush up on renting a receptacle. Thank you! Also I don't see the link or info for the wire strippers, where am I missing that?
If I want to remove an outlet from the run, is it code for me to just use a wire connector to twist the wires together?
Got any videos on adding a switch to that middle of the run? Thanks
Awesome...needed pigtail info.
Why no electrical tape over terminals after install?
Why not pigtail all 3? That way outlet failure doesn’t effect downstream.
Awesome vid! What if I want to run a wire from an existing out let to another location 150ft away?
Thank you for explaining it in a professional manner.  I’ve seen videos where  the “instructors” were trying to be funny and we all know that electricity is nothing to play with.  Great job.
Detailed, concise, and to the point. Thanks man, this was a huge help.
Very helpful video...thank you so much
Great basic info, but your leaving out the incoming wire connectivity.   Meaning on the tail end outlet, you must have extended the incoming from an existing box. How did you do that? I mean, in know how but you didnt talk through the amperage to gauge of wire into the last box.  Lastly, no one is talking about over voltage, alot of people simply think you can endless connect outlets to fit there install extensions.  Answer what is the limit number of outlets connecting to a single 15amp breaker? What gauge of wire should you use? Why not select GFCI outlet?
Im changing out my outlets in my room but 1 out of 3 have five wires and the rest of them are 2 wires? Connected only how do i connect them to a outlet?
It’s been a while, thanks for the refresher, can’t ever be too sure👍
when you are doing the middle of the run wiring (daisy chaining receptacles) do you need to put the power (source?) at the bottom and the power exiting at the top or does it matter? I assume it doesn't matter. THanks for the video.  This was super helpful for my project!
Great video; very easy to follow along.
Great video.
Does it matter if you use the top or bottom of the hot and neutral screws in the new recepticacle?  Meaning top or bottom?  My gfci main outlet clearly states on back which screw is the line screw and for me its the top, but on my additional recepticales it doesnt say which one is line.  Any help will be appreciated
shouldnt you have tested the wires before removing them? ouch! please test wires before removing them...
Thanks for the video!!!
I have 3 different sets of Romex. Some help me.
What brand is that stripper?
How do you wire an outlet from a switch with no nutral?
Let me just say the hot wire is the brown and the blue is neutral in an green or yellow is earth same as blue wire is earth
Got 2 questions:   1. how far apart can the secondary outlet be?  6ft ok from first outlet?   2. Is there a total distance max?  Like if the first outlet runs 20ft of cable and the second is 3ft the total is 23ft and would there be a limit like 20ft max?
Is changing the outlets and switches in your entire home considered redevicing a full home?
Thanks for the  patients in explaining this so well. God Bless!!! 👍🙏
Hello There. I installed 3-recessed in the kitchen it only 1-fluorescent its so dark place in the kitchen area. So I add my lights in the kitchen area with fluorescent light. But I know I am getting power from one power where the fluorescent one electrical boxes & I get power from that one electrical all 3-recessed work off one wall switch. And when Installed electrical box that can hold two wall switch but I would like take one of the 1-recessed to other wall switch without turn on all 4-lights on. And also I would like to installed a wall mount for the Tv in the kitchen too So If I have one wall switch works other wall switch not working that why I would like to get at to work only one & also get power for the wall plug for my tv ok. I'm calling from Houston Tx Oh I hope to hear from you real soon
Gosh...THANKS For The THOROUGH Video!  Finally, someone who gives a sense-able, easy to understand, detailed video for anyone to gain the confidence to know they're doing the project correctly.
Replacing 2 prong outlets with three prong one of the outlets only has a white and black wire and no ground can I still hook up a three prong outlet
Nice vid. Still new, so question. Shouldn't you pigtail the hot and neutral as well? As opposed to relying on the small jumper on the outlet?
This is perfect. I even bought the wire strippers. 😂
This is the most straight forward video! I've been looking for a video to see the wiring between two outlets and how to wire. Super simple and easy to follow! @HandyDadTV Question though: Is the pigtail a new wire, or can I cut it from the Electrical cable i'm using if I have extra?
Thank you for posting this video. It’s very helpful!!!
hey you were great help,  explained everything I needed to know
I think I am asking a stupid question.  @2:57, all 3 ground wires are connecting to the same node at the wire screw.  Isn't that the same as connecting 2 existing ground wires to the 3rd ground screw?
Hello, this was definitely informative. I’m experiencing a hum (possibly 60hz) almost all over the house.  We changed outlets not so long ago, is there any way an outlet can do that if not grounded properly, or not wired correctly? It is most noticeable in a subwoofer speaker and ceiling fan motor every time you turn it on. Any ideas would be appreciated, because it’s driving me nuts.
why is every video on youtube using that blue box? I cant find any in homedepot canada here.
Thank you! I just bought a new dishwasher that  came with an electrical plug. The old one was wired in, of course.  I had an end of the run situation. Thanks to your video I was able to confidently install an outlet.
Fail, supposed to be in full metallic conduit, seismically braced and isn't up to code /sarcasm/
Very well explained. Thank you so much for this video.
Is there a reason outlets don't come standard with 2 green screws?   Seems like the majority of outlets will be used in the middle of a circuit, so why would they only put 1 green screw, yet 2 silver and 2 brass?
Thank you great hflp
Wow very interesting... Cause, thus far, you are the only one who I have seem wiring a duplex receptacle with two pair terminals, instead of using PIGTAILS...👑👑👑👑
When wiring a box in the middle of the run does it matter which white and black is up or down? :-/
Awesome! Great video!
Great clip!
Best explanation, so helpful
Best video I found on basic home owner wiring. Thank you so much 🙏
Short,  sweet , easy to remember right on.
Ghost spotted at 2:01 on left side of screen.
Thank you for explaining the pig tail on the ground, was not aware of that that was the proper way to do it.
Does it matter if you use the top or bottom connections for an end of run outlet?
The receptacle is not in the preferred orientation. Makes no difference to functionality, but still preferred as it makes it easier for instance to insert a plug in low light conditions. Same as USB terminators always have the join on the bottom - I know from inserting them several thousand times that I would not be happy to find one that was upside down
Grounding info was useful.Thanks!
Nice video  Pigtail all the wires --
THANK YOU!!! I have been so confused and this explained it perfect! Now I get it!
Very clear and concise.  Thank you.
Thanks for the very well thought out and informative video! I have a question, when you were connecting the middle run outlet, do the wires need to be opposite their respective ones? I think one of my outlets has wires that are diagonally connected. I'm also pretty sure it's got a switch on/off outlet since there's 6 wires coming out of it. Thanks!
Great video , short and to the point ‼️🤙🏽
I got lost after 3 minutes !
Now that was exactly what I have been looking for.  I've seen dozens of videos on this topic and no one has explained it so perfectly and concisely.  Thank you SO MUCH!!
our bathroom has no electric outlet I would love to tie into the light circuit to add a electric outlet
thanks alot
Hey,  I want to wire another outlet which will be powered from the existing outlet. The existing outlet is a GFCI outlet so does that mean my new outlet also have to be GFCI? Also is it safe to fish the wires through a hole in the studs in the wall? Thank you
When doing an in line gfci outlet, does it matter from which direction the power is coming on where you hook it up?
Is there an order to connecting the neutral, ground and hot wire? I saw in the last example you connected the ground first which would make sense to me.
I installed GFI outlets in my basement - I had to ensure the “line” and “load” were attached to the outlet correctly. When Installing a simple outlet like the ones in this video, do the same rules of the line and load wires apply?
Awesome! Simple to the point, excellent communication and explanation. Thanks
You've got the best video I've seen. Best diagrams as well. Thanks!
No
How would u wire it if its..... light running to a switch AND outlet combo..... then running to another outlet further down??
Good video, but to fast and no close-ups...
Did you have a color chart for wires for hot and positive etc etc... because I have cut some wire and there not green black and white .. sometimes there blue and red and striped etc...
Great video helped me out a lot, done alittle but of wiring, but needed a quick run threw and this video was perfect,
Yes question i only see you connect un copper wire the other 2 i didn't see or is for later and you just prepared?
Here in Canada it seems the boxes are all metal instead of plastic and the ground is connected to it. In a "middle of the run" receptacle, both grounds would be screwed to the box, with one of the bare wire longer to connect to the receptacle.
Great learning video. I am definitely a novice with electrical. This helps a lot.
Thank you!
Thank you very much
need some work ,, there is an in and  an out ?????
What if you have three wires coming into the outlet? I had to replace an outlet in my livingroom some time back. It was some weird plug outlet I have never seen before and three total romex cables going through it. I wired it up as best I could but I want to know wth is going on with that? I have to replace more outlets and I'm considering gutting it all and starting from scratch so I know it's safe.
Great video. What's the reason for not connecting the two ground wire on one screw?
I have a 2 switch one socket set up in the bathroom, (older house).
Thanks for posting!
👏👏👏👏
Great video. The graphics were really well done and easy to understand
I saw that someone else pigtailed the white and black wires on a different video tutorial. What confuses me is the idea that the electricity doesn't really flow like it would through a pipe.  Ignoring code, I assume it would be no different to strip a tiny spot along the black and white wires and hook short pieces between the stripped areas and the screws to an outlet receptacle. Is this assumption correct?
Done many outlets before and just put the new one in the same as the old. Nice to actually know why things are the way they are now.
Thanks
yyep
I disagree to one point, in the middle of the run, all 3 wires should be pigtailed, due to the fact if the outlet fails, it does not kill the outlets down stream of it!
I enjoy your style of explaining. Non intimidating. Subscribed
Best video about wiring an outlet that ive seen
Great video.  Thank you!
Explained everything very well and great video quality.
Thanks, from belgium :)
Great video, very helpful. How many outlets can I connect to a single breaker?
Short but very detail. Straight to the point.
👍THANK you sir, there is not allot of videos showing this wiring method and it's very efficient way of wiring. ..  can you provide tho code  from the NEC for this. Thank you againg. 👍
Excellent video,  quick, and to the point. Easy to understand,  and very helpful.  Thank you.
250' x 55' square feet area how many need receptacle outlet
I replaced a GFCI in my Green House a few days ago. Had fun doing it too. :)
uhmmm? can I just say I hope you are a teacher. because you just made my day. thank you so much. and I just subscribed
Hi there I just wanted to know if it's ok to add 2 new outlets off of an old one? Two 15 amp outlets with a 14 gauge wire all connected  to a pre existing outlet; it's for a floating TV and shelf installment to conceal all wires
Excellent video, thank you!
I did it exactly like he explained but only one of the plug in outlet works. If I screw the white wire at the top that one works if I screw it at the lower one then this one works only...ANY HELP PLEASE WILL BE APPRECIATE IT
Any chance I could get some help with an issue with intermittent outlet that shows up as a hot ground reversal. I can’t find it...
So I have two outlets in my shed I am wiring up to a new circuit from the breaker panel, and they are the only things on the circuit.  Once I have the first outlet wired with the ground, white & black, how to jump that over to the second outlet to power it?
That was really good. Do you have one that shows one 20amp  2/1 wire from the box to two double outlets about 4 ft apart?
3:00 thanks for the refresher
Great video!
What type of cable would you use for this? This is pretty much what I need to do in my garage
I recently purchased an outlet that has only one hot and one neutral screw on each side because it also has USB charging ports, but the outlet I am trying to replace has 2 screws on each side.  How do I wire this?
How to add new outlet to the existing outlet.because my old outlet has 2 black and 2 white wire and ground.if im gonna make new outlet is it right to top my new wire to old 2 black and 2 white wire.? Is that correct?
Can you make a video related to outlets linked to light switches? I currently have my tv lugged into an outlet wired this way and if somebody accidentally toggles the switch it turns everyting off. I would like to reroute the switch to an overhead light fixture instead
For that extra pro touch make sure the screws on the cover plate are all going the same direction when finished. I like the vertical look myself.
On the middle of the run outlet, does it matter which wire goes on the top and bottom?
These kind of videos are very helpful.  Basic homeowner fix videos.  Thank you.
Hi, As you probably know the UK is different to the USA or Canada, we use brown or red = live, blue or black = negative, and bear = earth ( however we put a green and yellow sheath over the earth) our sockets are also different being bigger. If you are wiring a socket at the end or midway the wiring is the same and both wires go into the same connection ( if you are using a metal back plate this is also wired with a small earth going from the socket to the base making 4 wires in all ( this can be a little difficult to get all 4 wires in 1 connection ) also we work on 240 volts and use different thickness of wires for different uses ( 1.5 mm lighting, 2.5mm power and thicker wire for (heavy use such as showers that use a lot of amps ) showers are not to be connected to any other appliance). I hope this is useful to any of your UK followers
Very educational! Thank you for sharing your knowledge. I'm trying to figure out how to wire a light fixture inside my son's closet with a switch outside and getting the power from an existing outlet outside the closet. Do you have any advice?
As an extra safety measure I always use electrical tape and go around the outlet and cover the screw terminals. Helps keep the wires in place and cuts the potential for shock or arching.
