this channel keeps getting cooler. I don't even really drink and I watch these all the time. keep it up!
So you add Scotch ....... What kind of Scotch are you adding, a 40% blended scotch or 68% from the barrel single malt, single barrel  scotch  ??
Many rye or bourbon cocktail variations involve switching between red vermouth and a dark amaro. E.g. Manhattan and a Black Manhattan.  Is there a name for a Black Rob Roy?
Old tymers used to mix scotch or bourbon and 7up to make hi-ball variants in New Orleans .
Love the idea of scotch, port, vermouth, bitters as a flavour melange!
I am getting in to different scotch drinks. I have always had a superb very aged scotch over a huge cube. These choices are amazing. Great ideas!
What's the music at the start?
anyone know what scotch was used? can't see the brands
This music makes me want to kill ducks
The flaming mo
Why do you button the top button of your shirt?  Youre not wearing a tie...its fucking happy hour even if you are wearing a tie you still unbutton the top button.  Do you even drink?
I'm not gay...but I have the most awkward erection right now
Alguien sabe como se llama la barra que ocupa y de que material es?
What about red wine cocktails
Did anyone else feel like they enjoyed the blaze a little too much?😆
What effect does burning the scotch have on the alcoholic content of the Blue Blazer?  Is it a weak drink?
im 13 why am i watching this
What can you recommend for a blended Scotch? Compass Box Asyla? Whyte & Mackay? Maybe something in between?
Can you show the label when you use a whisky so we can see and replicate with the same kind?
Would Green Chartreuse work in the Bobby Burns instead of the Dom Benedictine?
Another name for "the chancellor" is "the Senate"
This video was brought to you by Calvin Klein
Best YouTube channel. It's a video so I was looking for second talk and teaching how to drink
Melhor canal.
Compass Box's Asyla, great scotch in a cocktail or all by itself. I'd love to see some cocktails made utilizing peated scotch as well.
Have you ever heard of someone having an allergic reaction to amaretto? I'm allergic to almonds and have wanted to try drinks with amaretto, but am nervous.
Do it with Irish whiskey
Are you using a recipe or do you know these cocktails from memory?
Fucking love blantons whiskey
Awesome... Blue blazer... music.... too good!
Aw man how can you make me want to cry! The Blue Blazer made me miss my dear old Dad.  He would have loved that one!  So his style. Here's to you  Pop!
Please make a tiki cocktails Vol II🙏🏼
Can’t wait to order a blue blazer next time I’m at Applebee’s
Love your videos!!!!!!  Never caught your impersonation before!!!!!  Classic!
The Bobby Burns and The Chancellor are class!
Amazing vids keep it up! Just wondering if it shouldn't be scotch wisky, without the e
I finally made a Penicillin, and holy hell! Definitely my new favorite drink. I didn't want it to end. haha   Love the channel! Keep it up!
5:53 the Godfather lol .....awesome channel 💯
Excellent series - please post more Scotch cocktail videos.   Thank you very much for "The Godfather". That has become a favorite.
Really enjoy your videos, I am inspired to make some cocktails to go with my cigars.
If it's Scotch, it's "Whisky", not "Whiskey".
If it is SCOTCH it is not WHISKEY. it is WHISKY.
What is your back ground music in video? And the other one in the 'Whisky Cocktail' Video?
music gets pretty repetitive :(
Here is something.     Don't say " i think" you lose creditability you become an Omega Man... don't be that guy.     Alpha male of Bartding man, after all it is your tip at stake, but what the fuck do I know, I am some old guy from East LA...
Love your video. I really liked the glass used for the Bobby Burns. Can you tell me who makes it?
Not cocktail related, but I'm really curious as to what you keep in reach behind your bar, perhaps you can show us😉
Would enjoy watching a video based on sherry cocktails, especially PX!
Such a great channel! You motivated me to get my own (small) homebar, with each new episode I try out sonething new! I would love to see a "behind the scenes" or even a bar tour. Keep it up! By far the best Youtube Channel about cocktails.  Greetings from Germany
Can you do a video with your top 5 favorite cocktails? Thanks. Really enjoy the channel.
paddys scotch, perfect
What is the idea of blaming the scotch regarding blue blazer?? How would cocktail end up differently either with blaming and without??
How to make a Blue Blazer: First, take a fire safety course
I see that Blanton's bottle there ;).
Love the videos. I just have to ask, where do you get your glassware? Its a small detail that I feel really elevates these videos and the cocktails they hold. I would really love a set of all the ones you use for my home.
Great videos and keep up the good work!  I would just like to know if you could teach us how to do a flamed orange peel. Is there a difference? Or is it just entertainment?   On a side note I am pretty curious about brandy cocktails and wonder if you could do more on them, particularly the right shaking method for a brandy alexander.  cheers!
Love your stuff! and the way you presented the Blue Blazer was Awesome!  Don't mean to be a dick but "Whiskey" Vs "Whisky"? Are you using the correct spelling? Only mentioning this as I know the Brit's love spelling this word as whisky.. vs Americas Marketing of the word "Whiskey".
i spent my day watching your videos and now I've watched them all... MOREEE I NEED MOREEEEEEEE
Just made a Chancellor it was pretty darn good
what scotch did you use for the cocktails?
Such a wonderful video! Loved it.
Hello I have a cocktail i want you to make and rate it it will be great if you make video about subscribers again the cocktail is called Dear Rosemarry  30ml Skinos  30ml Gin  20ml Cointreau 30ml Rose water(it may be dificlunt to find it but its worth it) and like 5-10ml lime juice  and use orange oils from peel for garnish
"I'm gonna make him a drink he can't refuse"
can you do a vid about bartending tricks ?
Do a video on dark rum cocktails
I really enjoy the mood you guys create in the videos, and of course also the recipes! A really nice different aproach.
whats a mil? but yeah, great channel. I just did a blue blazer with Canadian Club!
+THE BONNEVILLE COCKTAIL COLLECTION just noticed that you have done a Rum cocktails 1 but not yet a 2? Maybe an idea for the next vid?
Can you list the whiskeys used? Thanks!
The girlfriend and I are coming over to London from Belfast in a few days and I'm getting a cocktail out of here! The videos are brilliant and fascinating! Keep it up man!
I love the Godfather.  I tend to cut back on the ameretto though.
What is a good blended scotch to use in cocktails?
cognac cocktails??
Definitely the best cocktail channel!
These are pretty obscure. And the bartender'/hosts' cold keeps getting worse. But love the education and style! Keep posting!
My favorite is the Rusty Nail
That Blue Blazer was amazing! That was incredible the way you shot the video for it! BRAVO!!! Thank you so much, I had never even heard of those drinks. Excellent as always!
Blue Blazer!  I would burn my damn house down!!! :p  Looked amazing though
aye back at it again with a great episode.. finally lol
Nice one! Could you maybe do a part II on rum cocktails?
The content of this channel gets better and better in every video. P.s. that impersonation though...lol  Kisses form sicily (please read with proper accent).
what about The Peniccilin? (not sure about proper writing :))
7:40 nice pour Celvin ;-)
Thank you for this <3
Yay! My favourite kind of cocktails! I've got a friend who absolutely loves his Godfathers with a 60/40 ratio. Might have to go out and buy a bottle of Port now to try out the Chancellor.
Is the camera drunk or something? Too much movement, and really stupid movement. Distracts from the drinks
which blended Scotch do you use?
Awesome video. I saw the Cherry Heering in the back and was sure he was going to make a Blood and Sand as one of the Scotch drinks lol.
I have a cocktail challenge for the team. Now my Dad likes to drink Birddog blueberry whisky. I think the stuff tastes like cough syrup but he likes the taste of the blueberry that's in it. Is there a cocktail that brings out the blueberry and reduce the cough syrup taste?
Beautiful video
This video is exactly what I was hoping for! Thank you very much.
Bloopers😂😂
Manliest video on youtube!! Great job on cocktails and edit! Wanna see the bloopers on The Godfather dialogue tho!!
amazing as always
You are the best bartender. Thank you
Highland park nice
Something about the music and editing in this episode made me feel like I was watching a heist movie....
So the Blue Blazer is served piping hot? I've never had hot scotch before.
Amazing production quality like always! really cool shot with the flames!  Please keep the bloopers coming!
To you make or mix your own vermouth? I noticed they are always in small discrete bottles.
Thank you for another stellar video!  Would it be possible in future ones to tell a little about why you chose the brand/style of whisky/gin/tequila/rum etc. for the specific drink? It would be interesting to receive a little bit more knowledge about that to know how the flavors work and which of my spirits at home would be the best fit.
intresting ... thank you for the ideas .
btw, freaking top notch video! love the music, love the colour and you beeing the firestarter! :D  nothing but love and support for u guys!
Okay so where can I find some cool glasses like you have there? The glass you serve the Bobby Burns in is really cool!
So awesome
Lmao at the impersonation, that was awesome aswell as the coctails .:)
top notch production quality as always guys! keep it up. I'm gonna try that Godfather now...
see you on the last week of May! planing my trip to london and looking places that are near bonneville tavern...cant wait! :D
Second
AWESOME!
