More Mountain Dew recipes here: https://youtu.be/GYZtTu8VGYE
Tried this once, really want to try again!!!  The first time it never sat up, not sure what I did wrong
This is the accurate cheesecake for these times
This is the accurate cheesecake for these times
I'll have to make a dairy free version of this for my husband
I have tried making this 3 times. It either doesn’t set, or the syrup turns into taffy in the cheesecake mix. It also barely tastes of Mountain Dew. Anyone got any advice?
The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
Murica
This would be great for a Mountain Dew lover like me!
looks delicious Mountain Dew Cheesecake  I never tried it
Interesting fact: the moment you eat this, a fedora will magically appear on your head, as well as a neckbeard which'll simultaneously form around your jawline, and you'll also experience an inexplicable impulse to buy a katana, a waifu pillow, and other weeb attributes; and you'll start referring to all your crushes as, "m'lady."
A couple years ago on my 8th birthday I found this video and asked my mom to make this, and she did. Thanks for making this!
You relly love mauntendoo
So I did this step by step and it did not turn out well.  The cheese cake went all over the place, I had a lot of extra Mt. Dew Syrup and there was no Mt Dew flavor.
I wonder... Can a girl add the pink area therefore adjusting towards a full scale 0'Bill cafe lounger snack, off the fridge.
my queen i've baked you a gamer's delight
Maybe Doritos 😂
Looks like Rick & Morty's portal.
Which specific wilton colors did you use? I had someone request this for their birthday and I'd like to get it as close as possible to how this looks!
b-ball hftu i of west east west congress highway gift office for president ugly and national national park east vice national highway east west east vice woodland national national west west national national west congress highway president president vice office chairman vice national west national park east vice national national highway west national park west national gift ugliest yggdrasil fifth cake with your friends and vice vice chairman bush national national park west national west east highway highway cake highway highway president highway east east
bush’s president bush’s new east highway highway president highway west west congress highway east east vice vice chairman bush bush ionization
Tuesday tuesday of west national west west congress vice vice chairman vice national west national national highway
I have a feeling I would do this if I were bored, but definitely wouldn’t be eating it😂
i boiled down the mountain dew, but it was black and tasted awful. any help?
I made this recipe for my brother and it ruined his bday. thanks for nothing.
The green food coloring is a bit much. That yellow is perfect Mountain Dew color
Yes of course it’s good but how much better is it with a tiny spoon. You can’t leave us hanging like this
The coloring kinda looks like the goop from the manta level in Mario Sunshine.
Cherries 🍒 and Doritos are a whole different taste/vibe lmao 😂
Gamer fuel
Just made this for my work potluck, because my coworkers like trying new things, but I feel like they should be punished with this
Can you please make Mountain Dew Oreos
How to make quarantine go by faster:
I think i developed diabetes and cavities just watching this video!
Everything I try of mountain dew is Disgusting idk why! Why? Is it beacuse I hate mountain dew?
Making this right now its going to be so good waiting for my mtn dew surp to cool down
Gonna try this!!!!
Violently American but I love it
Who came here from the insta post
Adds food coloring he said now this is for looks you mean thumbnails
Could you make a baked version of this or will that cut the Mt. Dew flavor?
why make 2 or 3 cups of the syrup when you only use 1/4 cup
We tried this and you said room temperature but it didnt work got to hard it didnt work any tips causebi was making thid for my birthday
I appreciate the recipe i just don't get why your recipe had me make 2 cup's of mountain dew syrup but you only need 1/4 of a cup to add to the cream cheese and it don't even tastes like mountain dew it just taste's like sugar it set in the fridge for 6 hpors and it was still  runny and did not set i followed the recipe to the T and did not come out
Ever since I saw a see-through GameBoy and learned about food coloring, I've wanted to eat foods without food coloring. It was disappointing to see him add dyes -- so then a cheesecake, even with Mountain Dew, would simply be white?
I wish someone would just write it all down so you dont have to watch it through every time
Can you use cane syrup instead
i am going to make this the next chance i get an excuse to
Wow, that was neato👍
what ;happened to the rest of the syrup?
juss saying it looks  like rick and morty  portal  but it looks really good
It looks like the Rick and Morty portal
Yummy
I made this yesterday. and it didn't really solidify at all.
I am gonna make some of this using the doritos crust.
This would be a perfect Dessert that you can serve on Saint Patrick's Day!
OOGa booga
What do you do with all the extra syrup you’re left with after using only a quarter cup?
This recipe SUCKS! It didn't work at all and I followed exactly what you did. Your recipe created a sloppy mess that didn't set even after an entire day of being in the fridge.  Lots of time and money wasted. By the way your website is full of some casino virus stuff.
Mine went horribly wrong presentation wise 😂😂😂
*Tips fedora* Ah I see you’re a man of culture as well, now off I go to harass women online
Not real I did it and did not stay firm
This  has to be the most american desert ever.
Ugh!  My triglycerides!!
What a legend 🥰
What do I do with the leftover syrup if I am only using 1/4 for flavoring?
It looks like a rick and morty portal lol
Let's make 2 cups of syrup and only use quarter cup what a waste.
Monster Energy Drink cheesecake would be really good too but not the original one maybe Mango Loco or Punch or maybe Ripper
MLG cake
The amount of calories in that could feed all of Africa for several years
I want that recipe😎!
6:25 4 hours in the Rfrgrtr
Huh?
I'm already fat you're not helping.
Looks delicious and green but.. d9es it taste delicious??? Imma abbout to find out. For real imma try this recipe
this is sin
Let’s play everyone’s favorite game:  How the hell did this end up in my recommend section?   Not complaining though
Adding more sugar to a mountain dew cheese, that's some diabetes.
Would pre made gram cracker crust work as well?
:P
Shreks dream
if i didnt look at the channel's name and know better i would have said that this is the stupidest thing i had ever seen in the world of cooking but i get the part "fun" food so yeah
Looks like Rick and Morty portal gun cake like if you know what I mean.
Gross. Take it from this former pastry chef, no-bake cheese cakes are nasty.
He: *takes a bite of the cake*  *sweetdreams starts playing*
Sir... are you ok?
Why just why?
Kyle fav food
This power is beyond human comprehension. Well played.
I wanna go to sleep but this video popped up.
Okay so I clicked on the video just to what was going on I'd just like to say    What the god dam *mlg no scope 360 noise* is going on AND WHY ISNT THE CRUST DORITOS THIS COULDA BEEN THE PERFECT GAMER MEAL, WE ALL COULD HAVE ROSE UP BUT YOU SIR HAVE STOPED US
Nice work, funny a cup of sugar as if mountain Dew needs that
Oooooooh Donkey
You know, my day was going well, I was being productive Then this appeared and my entire life is slipping away from me as my soul plunges into the depths of hell
"Now that looks good"  No. No it doesn't.
*I'M SCARED*
*supreme Kyle has entered the chat*
You are a true gamer
Rich gamers be like:
Game energy never tasted so sweet
First step: Don’t make this
I have no idea how Mountain Dew tastes and yet I still feel like vomiting, major props to the dude for actually making this haha
Disgusting. I’d prefer a step-by-step to a DIY colonoscopy over this.
Awesomeness
*r/BlursesImages*
this will be great.....i work for pepsi so this will be perfect to bring into work
This nigga
"mountain dew cheesecake" oh that's gonna have a lot of sugar "2 cups of sugar, a half a cup of corn syrup..." i hope this video payed for your hospital bills
Sugar, Mtn Dew, corn syrup, butter, etc.  I feel my arteries tightening up as I watch this video.
😡
Can you do strawberry sunkist pop  or orange fanta cheesecake??????
Start with 11 pounds of sugar....
Dude next time flip the bottom over on your springform its upside down.
"when your bottom's evenly coated..."   Giggidy.
WTF hell NO
It the recipe transcribed somewhere? I'm interested in trying to make this but it's easier for me to follow a written recipe.
It tasted bad, making an normal cheese cake is hard but it ends up tasting better
stop it Kyle
i think kyle would want a monster energy version
Gamer cake
One of the saddest videos in youtube
That’s really interesting!
So wholesome
Should’ve started the video by saying “hey MLG Gamers or Gamers”
Sir, what have you done...
Ok.  Dorito crust is an option.
No. Stop.
One bite causes immediate type 2 diabeetus!
Just clicked to say NO JUST NO!!
Hey everyone it’s James from FunFoods, today I’m going to show you how to commit a crime against humanity to the highest degree
Wtf!
Can you make a cheerwine cheesecake
Fitting that he’s got a little twang in his voice.
Jesus that looks radioactive
How to make battery acid cheese cake because that's essentially what mnt dew is.
Nobody:   Chads:
Recipie for speedruning life
The Gamer Shrek Cheesecake
I'm just sitting here looking through my recommended feed and then... This... Shows up.  I- I'm sorry what?
I followed along it really doesn't taste all that bad
Of course this is a thing
isnt this a war crime
isnt this a war crime
needed that doritos crust namsayin
🤢🤮
You can buy Mountain Dew soda syrup, that would probably easier
America F@$! yeah
homestuck
....Think I got diabetes from watching this...
Good Lord, no wonder Americans are so fat and unhealthy.
For the sophisticated gamer.
i want to  diabetes
Oooooor you can be a normal person and instead of adding more sugar and corn syrup (wtf), just reduce a few bottles of mtn dew to make the syrup
Do you mean rick and morty portal’ cheesecake?
I’m gonna make this and tell my kids it’s vegetables.
Does mountain dew from czech republic work aswell because I'm not in the usa at the moment but I really want to make this now
top reminds me of petri dish, more specifically a streak plate
Would this work with  Baja Blast or Code Red?
its from Rick’s and Morty’s world😀
bet it doesnt taste like MD with the syrup and sugar added
Or Doritos.... Hahahaha smoke weed everyday
*G A M E R*
Might make this for my boyfriend's mum's birthday, she loves Mountain Dew. lol
YouTube: hey! mountain dew plus cheese cake! Bam! Me: clicks video Me: Pikachu surprise face
No.... just no
Wow is so easy thanks for the video great channel your doing here in youtube
Dairy free alternatives to the Condensed milk?
I think I'd rather have yellow mustard ice cream....
Where's the MLG Players?
I'd have to try this with the Sweet Lightning Dew from KFC.
NO!NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Some things shouldn't be brought into existence. This might have been one of them.
What do you do with the plastic bag when you're done?
Insert boogie reference
Hold up
TRULY HORRIBLE, DOESN'T EVEN LOOK GOOD AT ALL.
Take notes, Gamzee cosplayers
i sometimes wonder if that kitchen is a real kitchen in his house or if hes living in a simulation and thats why everything is always perfect
The Kyles guide to a fuckin rad day
why
gamer
Lmao why would I want to make this? Sounds disgusting tbh. Regular cheesecake waaayyyy better lol
Rick and Morty portal cake
morty... mortyyyy we teleported into a cheesecake mortyyy
Oh boy, This should make the neckbeards happy.
This is dark yellow pee if I’ve ever seen it
Rick n morty portal cheesecake
AMERICA
i will never deny that i had a screaming fit before i clicked this
Doritos base or not smash
This is the most American thing I’ve ever seen
The crust should have been crushed Doritos not graham crackers.
All you need to add is some Doritos and some friends and play some halo and I bet I'd be a blast
Without your gaming cheesecake, I don’t know what to do without you
I thought this was a joke... Oh god
My first thoughts why and How?
Holy mother of diabetes.
*Neckbeards have entered the chat*
I believe my heart just stopped
GAMER CAKE
You know what they say diabetes never tasted so good😉👍
I told my gamer grandma to make this.
"How to become florida man"
Doritos cheesecake
Im just here to say how mad the thumbnail made me
When your uncle Billy bo gets his life together and goes to culinary school
Does it taste like mountain dew?
or galium waldmeister
soylent green
I hear Kyle's in the distance
Mountain dew cake
no
cursed
I Wonder how a Dr. Pepper version would turn out.
It would be cool to put cannabis oil in it
You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, that you didn't stop to think if you should
What's next? Glucose pie? Glaze brownies?
Dr Pepper cheese cake
Theres a soda called Dr Enuf and its made only in east tennessee....i hope u can do something with Dr Enuf..if u can get ur hands on them it would be cool cause no corn syrup and just pressed sugar cane..tastes amazing look them up..theres a cherry flavor too
I got diabetes from watching this....
Life was good... BUT THEN THIS SH*T SHOWED UP IN MY RECOMMENDATIONS AND NOW LIFE IS TERRIBLE
You forgot to add the doritos
You should be banned from youtube for this.
Mountain Dew makes ur pp small and I don’t appreciate that
I wish this had come out like a year earlier so I could have made this in food tech for our cheesecake recipe and seen the reaction on my teachers face as I pour a cup of mountain dew into my cheesecake mix.
Finally gamer cake
It looks like portal from Rick and Morty.
Mini kyles will also take over
Why
Where's the doritos crust
This is cursed.
Thank you, this looks great. I will try this, I use to do a lot of recipes using coke and never thought to try mountain dew.
He also made Mountain Dew macaroons 😱
Look just like rotten cheese for me
I got a Mountain Dew add on this video
Jesus Christ
Wilford Brimley would like a word. You know what it’s about.... Honestly though that’s creative.
Do you really need more sugar when mountain dew already has alot of sugar?
You are a terrible person.
Very cool I guess...
This is very bad. How could you?
That does not seem kosher.
Y
#pornhub
Dorritos crust
Its looks gorgeous
why
The rick and morty cheesecake
This is an abomination, send it back to the hell it came from
The recipe  for ingels and neckbeards  but  refined  lol
WHAT.
I subbed because he looks like a genuinely nice guy
I want this as my birthday cake at my next birthday
Get gamer'd
Why something involving Mountain dew and doritos ends up becoming somehow hilarious and controversial?
i’d eat it 🤷🏻‍♀️
‘Merica        That is all
Kyle wants to know your location
I am planning on making this for my Neckbeard Valentine's celebration. I plan to eat this while I beat off to hentai and cry that I haven't found my beautiful waifu yet.
Why would Jesus let this happen?
i'm disappointed that i've seen no be more chill references in these comments, especially with how many people are talking about using code red
The New Yorkers Gamer dessert now all we need is a Monster flavored cheese cake to truly destroy our arteries.
a weapon to surpass metal gear
Diabetes has joined the chat.
Wtf
A vaper created this recipe for sure
Looks more like radioactive then something i can actually eat why was this even recommended for me in the first place
What gamers get on thanksgiving
Nobody said it looks like rick&morty portal ?
Cus this is what cheesecake needed... more sugar, corn syrup and processed unnatural flavors. Least before it was just fatting, now it’s legitimately unhealthy.
Anyone remember mynt from paraphore? That's what this cake reminds me of
I could totally see some fat neck beard eating this in his car LOL. It looks like it should be sour.
Please do more recipes with mountain dew ☺
Is this an easier way to squip the school?
Why the f*ck would you do this
why
Kicking it at the house in my baby blue chef coat
Finaly cheesecake for gamers
Sounds like you should make Code Red Mountain Dew cheesecake
No
The Dva reference!!!!!! Is this Soldier 76's secret cooking channel? :o
No dorito chesse? This a ofence for all the profesional game comunity
I'm gonna get so fat
Normal people: Mountain Dew cheesecake  Me an intellectual: cheesy mountain dew
Crust should be dorito
Let's Be Honest Here ... This Doesn't Look Edible  🤗
Gamer cake
i love watching these, while high
Kyle's be like this when they got the munchies
This looks like a sip or slime cheesecake
... WITH A MAYONNAISE GANACHE ON TOP.
HEY, NEXT TIME, MAKE A CRYSTAL METH AND MARLBORO FLAVORED CHEESE CAKES.
A REAL HIT AT THE TRAILER PARKS
Diabetes 2 2.0
🤢
Monster energy drink cheese cake.
5am youtube recommendations
And I thought I was chaotic
Soda? Cake? Soda cake? Taste the diabetes!
It’s 3am and I’m watching how to make a Mountain Dew cheesecake god what is wrong with me
Am I the only one who thinks this cheesecake looks like the food from Troll 2?
Wtf did i just watched O.o
I fell like no one drinks MTN Dew anymore even i stop drinking it for couple of years now.
Somewhere out there, a Kyle just punched his dry wall after seeing this.
I love mountain dew and I love cheesecake.... Yet this sounds disgusting
Damn That Looks Good!
Dorito Pope😂😂😂
The desert of gamers
Alright now make me a baha blast cheese cake
You absolute madman.  I dig your style! Subscribed!
Nobody’s going to mention rick and morty?
World's healthiest bloke.
This truly is a cursed world we live in.
Oh Jesus why I like plain old dew n a can
Do l get COD XP with this
Congrats, this is something I would have never conjured up in my mind.
Up next: Doritos Cocktail
should've used doritos for the crust lol
It looks Rick and Morty themed
If there were some doritos as the crust I would make 10 of those
Pro gamer move
Anybody else at first go "yuk" and then..."well it might actually be good"?
This is so wrong but so right
This is all over the web
Taste aside, honest to god thought this was a Rick and Morty themed cheesecake! Looks just like the portal from the show ~
Step one: sugar, corn syrup, MTN dew Step two: diabetes
"Boogie2988 liked that"
"Place in the fridge to firm for 3 to 4 hours, and presto!  You've got Diabetes...."
This channel is so underrated.....but i can see this dudes channel blowing up pretty soon...
i barfed things that looked better
Aw man I gotta to try that
I don't think we have corn syrup in Oz ,can someone give a substitute plz ?
Now you just need a video about why to make a Mountain Dew cheesecake
Missed opportunity to do a doritos crust.
Diabetes every slice smh
Ultra Man flashback at 6:07
I found Francis' Mt. Dew....
I saw this and my immediate response was ‘no’.
Pairs well with a doritos matini.
Take the easy route so we dont have to wash dishes, we are so much alike friend
?
When you want to gaming Fancingly
Uh oh the algorithms drunk again
I’ll probably use digestives or mcvitties instead is that British enough (this is beautiful I’ve subscribed and am making it)
I just threw up in my mouth at the mere thought of this abomination... 🤮
It's tastes like gaming!
my girlfriend better love me for this
Not near my mouth. F*** that
If ever there were a recipe for cancer this is surely it...
This is a great dish for diabetics.
No, this ain’t it right here. Mountain Dew cheesecake... hell no!
Has anyone here not mentioned that the cheescake looks like one of Rick's Portals?
now to wash this down with my Doritos smoothie while playing CS:GO
No one:  Literally no one:   YouTube: MOUNTAIN DEW CHEESECAKE      My Italian grandma is rolling in her grave.
Lol crumbled up doritos on top, looks very good
I really needed to throw up and this appeared in my feed. Thank you God.
You instantly lost my vote when you stated   Take pictures for INSTAGRAM
I see a Rick and Morty themed cake...just for decor but consum at your own risk
no
Pure nasty....
More like _"Mountain DON'T"_  And this from the country which thinks that a yellow liquid that's squeezed from a bottle, is "cheese"😂🤦‍♂️
Where did you sent me SusaaaaaÀAAAAAAAAAAAANNNN!?
I thought you had to bake cheesecakes(!)
A diabetics worst nightmare.
Wouldn't you get a more intense Mountain Dew flavor if you used more Mountain Dew instead of corn syrup?
It’s not a Mountain Dew cheesecake, the soda wasn’t added in.
I wonder if you can swap out the soda here? I'd really like to make an orange fanta cake.
Looks like the portal from Rick & Morty
"Only needs some cherries on top...maybe...doritos" 😂😂😂😂😭😭
Because soda doesn't have enuf corn syrup or sugar
You can also add some cinnamon and/or nutmeg to the graham cracker crust mixture!
If you think about it, all you need to do is add a different flavor of mountain dew and you'll have yourself a new flavor of cheesecake. Code red, voltage, live wire, white out, even Baja blast. The possibilities are endless thanks to all the different flavors
Good video. The title caught my attention and me becoming a new subscriber to your channel
This is gamer jet fuel
this cake made me depressed.
The receipe turns out gooey it doesn't set right
Reported for repulsive content
Well f@#$ me.
That looks and sounds revolting. Sorry.
this is probably the most cursed cake i've ever seen
Would have liked this more if it were Keto.
soon as he took the first bite his eyes dilated and time began to slow down around him
TWO ah ah ah, type TWO diabetes
I wanna try this, but my wife is on a keto diet, so I'm forced to suffer with her...
It's beautiful.
I dunno who I'm more dissappointed in. The people who recommended you do this? You for doing it? Youtube for thinking I wanted to know it existed? Or myself, for genuinely debating making it?
This reminds me of a pie made from Nickelodeon slime from the 1990’s.
Finally,  something even grosser than Mountain Dew.
Do I have to add corn syrup and sugar to an already sugary mountain dew? Can't I just boil down or evaporate quite a bit of the liquid from a large mountain dew, making it like a concentrate?
Try using Doritos for the crust, will make your dish transcend
Now you just need some  cheese cake flavored soda to wash that down with 👍
So awesome  I have got make that  cheesecake some day.  🥛
Awwwe hell naaaw! Play at your own risk!
Well you said a mouth full. Mountain Dew and Doritos. Don't forget the Tombstone pizza! That was my ex's fave junk food meal🙃🥤🍕🍰thankyou! Wonder what my grandkids would think of this? One would want it made from Monster I'm afraid. Ugh🙄😈
wouldnt this kill a normal person?
My gamer instincts forced  me to click this, and I don't even drink green flavored Mountain dew. (I usually go for Code Red, or Bahja Blast, or something.)
Someone share this to boogey 2988
“...maybe Doritos” 🤢
No, just no
this is missing a Cheetos crust.
I made this and ran into some issues..its not very mountain dew flavored and it didn't set...any ideas where I went wrong?
Diabetes cheese cake, take a overly sugary drink, and add sugar
That's insane
This is not only pretty good looking but is also just simply gamer/streamer cheesecake
Just watching this gave me diabeetus
It looks like a radioactive cheesecake...
🤢🤮
As an adept baker this is a sin to the baking gods
Could be my screen, but that looks more like a Penicillin cheesecake than Mountain Dew...
"needs cherries...or...doritos" Lol
Now, I know I watch some weird videos sometimes, but...  ...YouTube...      ...what the hell is this
ah, finally something to satiate my ever-worsening Mountain Dew addiction
That looks delicious, I'll have to give it a whirl!! MMMM
Might have to try the other Mtn Dew flavors as cheesecake after trying this....Code Red should be delicious...
I made the Mountain Dew Cheesecake. I don't understand why the recipe calls for you to make a large amount of syrup, but only use 1/4 cup in the recipe. What am I supposed to do with the excess? Also, the Mountain Dew flavor is not very pronounced in the cheesecake. Wondering if I missed something,,,
Next I want to try making it with Slurm.
Now all it needs is dorito crust.
Coke cheesecake?
You can buy gram cracker crust already made.
That's cute how you decorated it accordingly
Cheese cake & mt dew it's got to be delicious. I can imagiñe off de video (:
Wow this is already disappointedly more complicated than I hoped. I do love blue mountain dew. Maybe worth a try?
Is it possible to make the syrup for the recipe by reducing a larger volume of soda and forgoing the sugar and corn syrup? That way, you'd have more flavor in the same amount of syrup.
I think you should add more sugar on top of all that sugar, hay some BVO's also sweet , thanks for making all of us just a little bit fatter😀
I'm going to make this only with surge
I’m like 99% sure We have that same refrigerator
#OMKalen
Was there a reason you went for a no-bake recipe here?
Its so simple even I could do it
Great video!  I’m curious, why did you choose to do a no-bake cheesecake? And what would happen if you were to bake it?
Anyone else make one of his "mountain dew" recipes and realize in making the syrup the mountain dew loses ALL of its flavor?
So this is what palpatine eats very interesting 😂
I have to try this!! 😍😍
FALSE ADVERTISING!  This is NOT cheesecake!  This is a pudding made with cream cheese and chilled! Looks as nasty as it probably tastes!
I need a Code Red cheesecake for my birthday!
I bet it would be pretty good with Mtn Dew Baja Blast...
Why??
If packers goes to the Superbowl I'm going to make this
Don't forget the most important step, pictures for Instagram 😋
Give it the oooollllllll' tappa tappa.
This isn't a cheesecake, just flavored cream cheese. Where are the eggs, sour cream and baking that are required for a true cheesecake???
Sugar nightmare!! The soda alone is bad enough!
Contacting the FDA
it looks more like vim bar rather than a cheese cake
Is it just me or did anybody else not see him actually add the syrup? 🤔
I ended up making this for my mom. She really likes it which is nasty. But me and my sister tried it and didn’t like it at all. Our whole family loves Mountain Dew.
You should have made a doritos base for it 👀
Rick & Morty Cheesecake lol
I followed the steps exactly but mine doesn’t set and comes out like pudding
Did he just use lots of sugar & more high fructose syrup. This should be a receipe for diabetes. Wow!😳😝😂
A cake for true gamers
Would have loved to see a better shot of your swirl technique. Your hand got in the way.
What do you do with the rest of the syrup? If all you needed for this recipe was 1/4 cup, why make so much?
You come up with an awesome recipe like this and you use NON-BAKE CHEESECAKE?!? Whatta shame and a waste of time.
Hey Scottish people, there is no reason why you can't make this with Irn Bru
No bake with 2 cupz of sugar sounds deadly
My blood glucose level got high just watching the video. Trying to figure out a lower sugar version being diabetic and all.
what to do with the left over syrup?   Seems like it made a lot to just use 1/2 cup?
I would have put the yellow part in a piping bag to make better swirls...
SAKURA CHEESE CAKE
SKURA CHEESE CAKE PLSSS!!!!!
CAN YOU MAKE A SAKURA CHEESE CAKE
Make a dr pepper cheesecake
This video is givin me the beetus
umm why not just reduce a 2 liter of mtn due instead of adding that entire bowl of white sugar? I mean since your liquefying to make a syrup anyways it seems like you would get a more pronounced flavor that way..
There's got to be a better,easier way. What do you do with the leftover syrup? All that sugar and corn syrup!
How about Mountain Dew Cake that will be good cake to eat it.
instructions unclear; my bottom was not coated evenly enough
going to make this for my brothers birthday this weekend i think, what do you think would be a proper amount to sub cool ranch doritos for the graham?
Why did we make so much syrup.? What do you do with all that extra syrup?
Nice "How To", but why would you?
I can’t be the only one who gets embarrassed when older people say Instagram
It looks very good I have always been a Mountain Dew fan.  One question what do you do with the left over syrup?  Or can you make a smaller amount?  Or how long will it keep?  Thanks for your time!!!
Horrible 🤮🤮🤮
Instant diabetes.
The only thing that would make this video better would be if the recipe was in description
Puke!
would be nice if you printed it up so we could do it at home
I am a bit confused...why do so much syrup if you only use 1/4 of it. And what do you do with the rest of it? Throw it away?
Please don't encourage people to use plastic bags. That crust could easily have been mixed in a bowl with your hands.
I used a ready made crust and bought a 16 ounce Cream Cheese.  Too much green in mine and not enough yellow!!  Seems not very sweet!!  may cover in sugar when sets!! Next time I'll add 1 extra cup sugar and add blue instead of yellow and call it my SEAHAWKS cheesecake!!
I love mnt dew this rocks
going to try it now
Every day we stray further from god's light
Man, how do I always end up on videos like this.
Graham cracked crust? You couldn't find any cheetos?
no doritos crust. MLG Top Fails
Cherries on top would be like a Code Red Mountain Dew, no?
what if you want a stronger mt dew flavor?
Why use a spring pan? Your not cooking it so couldn't you technically put this in any container such as a pyrex or even a regular bowl?
"add food coloring to make it look good" It doesn't look good at all. But it's something I'd eat on a bet.
Who the hell would want to eat this??
Sounds delicious, but I've got the sugar shakes just thinking about that recipe.
This is a Rick Sanchez portal cake.
How to you make it over the pond?
You look like the lovechild of former Canadian PM Stephen Harper and Henry Rollins from black flag
Is this actually nice? And beyond that, how much sugar is in this?
Step 1. Don’t, if it looks like silly putty walk away 😂, I mean I’d try it once just to say I did but no, I pish many boundaries but that just doesn’t look like food lol, I don’t even know how to react to this.
I'll be giving this a go. I made so many Flavour cheesecakes in my life. This will be a 'CHALLENGE ACCEPTED" routine.
Corn syrup, I knew it was from overseas even before I heard degrees of farenwhatever.
Kyle's dudes deep breathing
Looks good, I'll have to try it sometime.
The perfect birthday cake for kyle
Dont pretend you did notice him eat 2 bites, then the piece is magically whole again....
Would you be able to bake it like other forms of cheesecake?
Looks good, but when measuring liquids its best to use a liquid measuring cup and not one for solids. There is a huge difference!!
I don't know how you became so enlightened as to conjure such culinary magic but I love you for it.  I'm going to use Mt. Dew Code Red.
Would the soda stream mtn dew syrup work the same as the sryup you made?
Shrek from SML has entered the chat
Just finding this video...  we had a lot of “syrup” left over... is that normal?
Should make some cupcakes 🧁 I’m so into it
OMG NEED TO LEARN THIS ONE
Does it actually taste like montain dew though? Lol
I tried this and it didnt hold it was runny and all i tasted was condensed milk and cream cheese made me wanna puke i did everything you did
do mountain dew mozzarella sauce and top with doritos and say this is not a sponsor
Never use a glass to press in the crust use a plastic cup!
I love your channel,  you really like Mountain Dew . ;)
That's marvelous and delicious. By the way, can you make a Diet Mountain Dew Ice Cream?
Make Mountain Dew chips
make mountin dew pie please
live wire
Love  your videos  https://tenor.com/yStG.gif
Mountain Dew cream pasta pleasee
Someone really loves Mountain Dew lol
dew u ever get tired of mountain doo
That looks so good
Mountain Dew pancakes
You should make Mt. Dew Yogurt.
I tried making this and mine didn't turn out like in the video (it was still a tad bit runny after removing the spring form pan (9 inch), and was left in the fridge overnight. What did I do wrong?
Man dew frappe sounds like a good idea
You need to make mountain dew doughnuts
I have become addicted to your videos in the last 24 hours. Just a recommendation though, please get a better mic your camera set up is perfect but the volume difference between your videos and others is a shock. Also idk there's a lot of echo but not really I don't know how to describe it but yeah me wmic please.
ALSO MTN  DEW  RICE  CRISPY  TREATS   AND MTN  DEW  FRUIT  ROLL UPS
HEY  JAMES  YOU  SHOULD  MAKE A  MTN DEW  RUBIX  CUBE CAKE
🖕🏻 cheesecke
Who in the f makes cheese cake thats f disgusting tf
Hey  James  please  do  GINGERALE recipes Canada dry
SINCE  YOU MADE  MTN  DEW CUPCAKES  CODE  RED MTN DEW  CAKE   AND MTN  DEW  CHEESECAKE   NOW   MAKE  MTN DEW  FRUIT  CAKE
Now I just need  a  Valentine's day  portion  of  the  CHEESECAKE  WITH  SWEETHEART TOPPINGS
Can you just boil mountain dew because it already has sugar and syrup in it.
SINCE  YOU  MADE  A MTN  DEW  CHEESECAKE   NOW FOR  VALENTINE'S  DAY A VALENTINE'S  DAY  CHEESECAKE   WITH VALENTINE SWEETHEART TOPPINGS
I think this cake would look great too, if you make the secend portion in red 😍
Where can I get a printed copy of this recipe?
Mountain dew cookies please
DIABETES ALERT!!! xD love your videos <3
Looks delicious!!!
Amazing yet again. what about a mountain dew trifle with mountain dew jelly recipe you made a while ago.
James it would be appreciated if u made  mountain dew code red ice cream sandwiches mmmmmm
can you make some homemade soft preztals please
hi love your show
Could you do this with any other soda? Same recipe, but change the soda?
More Mountain Dew recipes here: https://youtu.be/GYZtTu8VGYE
Good morning
Mountain Dew donuts please
Gotta try it!  Looks beautiful!!!!!  Is this how to make regular cheesecake just don't add the mountain dew????  Sorry....not a cook!!!!!
thats so cool
Hi, James. That cheesecake look simply delish.
Mountain Dew Cheesecake?! Now we're talking!!
I love Cheesecake James, you are killing me, now I need to go get some today! Great job!
Can you do oreo flavored pancake
You missed an opportunity to make a Doritos crust! :)
Yummmm
wow I'm such an idiot...LOL...for some reason I was thinking you literally had "mountain dew"  like you went to the mountains & found a water fall or something.../ I totally forgot about the soda😊
Love your vids they are so inventive and creative
That looks good keep up the work
Love the vid pls give me shoutout in next vid and make some oreo spongecake
Looks Delicious FunFoods! ☺️
Hi I love all your videos your awesome will you make a Pepsi cake.
