I'm sure it will look great sitting on the floor seeing as how you didn't make any legs.
What annoyingly loud background music!
I'm 7 years late on this but curious, are you not worried about food or whatever falling into the holes? Why not fill with a clear resin to maintain the character but prevent that issue?
What grit were your buffing pads inbetween finish coats ?
You didn’t epoxy fill the hole.
I've done a similar project and had growing pains with stain and poly. Question, if using a cheaper poly like Oil Minwax Satin (fast dring) do you still do that wipe off step after 5 mins?
No biscuits or dowels?
Where's the video about the dining room table legs?
If you don't want mineral spirits on your hands, wear gloves.
I went to a few stores in my area and they all told me the problem with hardwood tables is they will bend and change after a month or two from heat exapnsion and contraction  what is the solution to that problem ?
Why some peoples uses dowel pins and some peoples don't? Is it necessary?
Enunciate.
Precise, helpful.keept up
The Caesar King creates a  design functionality for the Global Senate. Prior to that, the Caesar King wants to inform you all that this idea was patterned to the New Heaven and New Earth City of pure Gold inside with 12 gates with pearl precious stone representation each gate and on the North side there's 3 gates, South side there's 3 gates, East side there's 3 gates, West side there's 3 gates, the original city of New Jerusalem to descend from the skies. Now, this project of the Caesar King is patterned to that but not yet the New Jerusalem involving the Global Senators of the Caesar King wherein previously the Caesar ordered there be 12 Global Senators Legitimate Appointees to mend and manage the East and 12 Global Senators Legitimate Appointees to mend and manage the West and each group of 12 East focused Global Senators  and 12  West focused Global Senators each group of the 2 groups Global Senators shall have a symbolic  energy table infused with energy from the Caesar King because the Rextangle or Rectangle in shape is one of the symbol shape of the Caesar King Me covering like a big screen rectangle all other shapes in science geometrical knowledge and as infused with energies each from the Caesar King energy types powerscope in which only the Caesar King can do make it possible to make each table capable of creating according to colours functionalities and properties present in space gases, gem stones, rainbow, nature etc. Now the other 2 Major Officers of the 26 Global Senators Legitimate Appointees, the Acting global senator head and 3rd in Hierarchy Oliver A. Vasquez and the  2nd Acting global senator head and 4th in hierarchy Daniel Razon as personally appointed and selected by the Caesar King using his own discretion shall preside in their 12 Global Senators each with each rectangle energy table with East or West focus each for this special project and without the Caesar King those 2 energy rectangle tables won't function because that's the Caesar King symbol copy pasted from his original Rectangle shape symbol like from 1 original Rextangle energy shape symbol, energy copy pasted into 2 each group like the 1 is to 2 or 2:1 in science, the 2 Rectangle energy tables inside the Rextangle shape energy powerscope of the Caesar King. What will the 2 Global Senators groupings do with the 2 highest  Global Senator Officers presiding each side and each table, the 12 Major colour properties and functionalities can be now be multiplied or added to any area focus on Earth needing their multiplication or addition as part of the co- creation in science and nature BUT, the decisions of each 12 Global Senators with East focus and 12 Global Senators with West focus each decisions of the 2 sides Global Senators shall be under the filtering, screening and discretion of their presiding officers of the Acting Global Senator head in one side and 2nd Acting Global Senator head in another side wherein each of them Have to consider the check and balance of everything on and in Earth and have to consider the World Economy and Trade present status and performance. Reminding the 26 Global Senators, this is a Test on you by the Caesar King, the Law of the World, the Energy Power types holder of the Multiverse and the Ruler of the Internet of Things. A programmed event. Let it be
only glue to attach the boards , no pins etc..?
question: how you finish the back ? same process? or you just apply some sealant
The question was how much you pay for the walnut wood
So, according to this video, you built this table 6 years ago… I noticed that you did not apply finish under the table and you do not have breadboards. Did you experience any cupping?
Your fingers are way too close to that blade. You should be using a gripper or similar.
Do you mind sharing the link to the table saw blade you used? Is that Diablo?
I can't believe that you left the black holes like that. Transparent epoxy would keep the magic image that you want and hasten the value of the table as a table. Cleaning that hole must include disinfectant for health reasons. ❤
I like your video very much. Thanks
This was perfect as a vanity desk for me. https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxMAlHv7-BBWMrPRm5-uEoD6rtdT7SG2Qr Especially the glossy finish. Easy to cleanI was looking for something that wasn't the traditional white and with more of a modern feel. This fit the bill beautifully. I put it together with no problems, by myself in under an hour.Make sure you double check where you place the drawer tracks before screwing down. I had one track that needed to be aligned with different holes than the rest.
O ya! :)
Beautiful table. Still I would love to see using dominos or biscuits for joining the planks.
Why would you not fill that hole in your table?table looks nice though nice job.
Very inspirational! I am going to try the same table. May God bless
No dowels, biscuits, or dominos? Isn't that asking for alignment issues?
As an amateur with woodworker, i typically feel overpowered with the entire arrangement https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxrYREG3-7f1Aqk9ams3ZESRNzGnfdUtyQ . Be that as it may, this arrangements drove me through with much clarity and effortlessness woodplans. Works i now work like a genius. That is great!
That is a pretty table. But i don't agree with you completely. I don't like it when artisanal handwork looks IKEA-perfect. I like handwork because it is handwork. I really don't enjoy the industrial look that power planers and routers give. But i am nuts. I like a natural look. I enjoy little uneven spots. I like a rounded edge more when it is done by hand.
Nice work man. Why didn’t you fill the crater with some clear epoxy?
Store looks familiar, looks like we shop in the same place
Skills. Don ‘t have tools &talent w/ wood but appreciate your  vid. Thanks for vid
I've seen tables like this ruined because the underside wasn't sealed.
Question? I’m VERY new but when you’re staining the top, do you also stain the sides and bottom of the table? And if the legs are wood as well do you treat them the same as the table? And what about the chairs? Same as well?
Why are you using Nutella for wood filler?
Oh yeah. Bing bang boom
Nice top !  How long did you need for the entire work ?
Thats a gorgeous table! Ive seen other carpenters put dowels in the edges before they glue it is there a reason for doing that or is it unnecessary? Thank you for the video.
You should have jointed the boards first and left them in clamps for more then 4 hours and there would not have been gaps. 🤦‍♂️
Why is the table saw necessary?
No riving knife - eeek.
Joe Goldberg from "You" building a dining table!
Wood ( or) play Wood...?
to all the people who know what you're doing out there here's a noob question.  Would making this out of pine be a bad idea, in Hawaii I'd have to sell a kidney just for the materials...
Love the featherboard. I have the BOW featherPRO fp1. It has replacable foam fingers. I say if you use a tablesaw GET A FEATHERBOARD. Once you get hit in the chest with a wood projectile once, the 50$ seems like nothing. Spend the money and stay safe. With that said, I noticed no biscuit or domino joining? How is it holding up now 5 years later? I normally do biscuits for alignment. I've seen many people build tables without biscuits, but the jury is out on how those held up for 3+ years? Good stuff.
So no need for any biscuit joins? Just glue?
What kind of wood you used?
this guy is weird. great table though
Amazing work ! But can’t get with the fact that you sound like Joe from the show “YOU” 😅
What about the underside?  Do you repeat the process for the underside, or do you do some abbreviated version of the process?
So just glue to bond the wood pieces together? No cross braceboards underneath?
And finally you lay it on some rocks? Or...?
How much would it cost to buy two 80in x 28in tabletops? (for anyone that can make this). Might have to save up.. but I definitely need it. I'm currently using two hollow core doors as an L desk. It works, no sag, it's just ugly and parts of it are starting to bubble where drinks were.. (particle wood).
I am glad that, you did not fill those knot holes and left it as character!
Hi🌹 loved to watch you build your table, but had to mute it because of unnecessary mesmerising music. 😢😢
Yeah. Too much work. Ikea here I come ;-)
would biscuits help?
Is there a video with the legs being made and installed?
this is the first "how to make.a table" Ive ever watched.  Looks awesome!  Looks like a ton of work and expensive, but, beautiful!  One question (sorry if its a stupid question) Do you need to do any kind of oil or protection for the underside of the table?  Not for looks, but for longevity.
*Important Point* Shaping the edge of table top — 7:41
8:10 that's pretty embarrassing lol. You ever build a table before bro??
2:05 that 80 tooth blade is a crosscut blade... it's made for cross cuts. Use a rip blade ~24 teeth~ for a rip cut
Looking back in 2022, $10.90 per board foot is a distant memory for S3S walnut.
What kind of wood is this?
Очень круто! Молодец!🌷
gee i watched this just to learn how to make and attach the legs,,,  you should say at the beginning that this video is only about preparing a table top only,,,  where's the legs BRENT!
Bro, that’s not a table; that is a table top.
love your face and love your job.
What table saw did you purchase/use??
1. sand 2. use wood filler to fill holes - wonderfill 3. wait for dry 4. sand excess wonderfill 5. wipe wonderfill up with mineral spirits 6. use spray bottle to spray water (raising the grain) 7. wait for dry 8. sand 9. vaccume particles 10. use cheese sponge to clean up tid bits / particles 11. use mineral spirits to clean table 12. apply general finishes ARM-R-SEAL oil & urethane topcoat satin with foam brush in long strokes 13. wait ~5 mins and wipe excess finish or wood might warp 14. wait 24 hours 15. sand with buffing pad 16. clean table with mineral spirits 17. apply general finishes ARM-R-SEAL oil & urethane topcoat satin with foam brush in long strokes 18. wait ~5 mins and wipe excess finish or wood might warp 19. wait 24 hours 20. sand with SUPER FINE buffing pad 21. clean table with mineral spirits 22. use clean folded rag and wipe on final coat of finish
How thick is this table?
Oh yeah, oh yeah
love the vid but gosh the music had to be a bit lower
You did not use a jointer or a hand plane on your boards? Why not? B
I have done very similar with Woodglut designs.
Wow! Well done!
I like going back to see where everyone starts from with production, audio, camera views etc.  come a long way brother.
How much do you think you could sell this for?
2021 speaking... 10.90 is expensive? hold my beer.
my only critique and this is based off of observation of those that do it with every project.  but my only thought on this whole vid is this if you can use the hand plane well enough. sanding is skipped because that hand plane left you a finish that can't be improved upon.  great looking table all the same. great work.
Bing bang boom: I think McManus in The Usual Suspects says that
Love it iam making this that k you a million
Very nice work. It is beautiful!!!
Beautiful except fot the hole, but then I suppose you can eat some soup out of it or collect some precious dust.
only thing about this project is that you should used dowels or biscuit joiner to help strengthen the bond between the planks! If you don't want to buy a biscuit joiner it's fine just use a drill bit and dowels
Right on
How long are those planks in cm
Awesome table; would've loved to have gotten to see the finished project in more detail!
Go to IKEA table 29.99 simples
Bravo👍
excellent job! and you make it more interesting
I just got the same planks from crosscut as well. I was trying to see how others finish their walnut and just saw this video.  how random is this!
Okayyy, so can we see how you made the legs?
I have to say, I saw this video when researching how to make a table. Haven’t gotten to making the table yet but I did make a banister for a set of stairs and the sealing process definitely makes high quality finish.
Yep , right .
What was the thickness, length and width of this table? Size of the table legs?
Sorry, nice work but I had to turn the sound off. You lost me with the constant, “oh yeah”
Awesome bro
Authentic Artistic Coffee table with storage- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDe3BvP46zo
I followed the steps on this video and mine came out very sticky. I know that it was the Arm-R-Seal but I dont know why it came out sticky. I wiped it after 5 min of applying and everything. And dont tell me I didn't follow the instructions in the video, I rewatched this video 20+ times to make sure i got everything right.
I wet sand from 400 to 7000. Then is smooth
I love my walnut with a little sap wood. Beautiful work!
So AWSOME! Thank you
I guessed bring your own table before I started watching
Super * Light* and easy * to build  but Strong *** , removable and Portable DIY desk under $ 70 ** . Check it out guys-  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz4JSM91Bf0
Oh yeah
You also need to seal the bottom, and ends. Additionally, if you thin the 1st coat 75% M.S. and 25% Arm-r- Seal, 2nd coat 50% M.S. and 50% Arm-R-Seal you won't have screw with wiping off the excdess. This is called a wash coat. If you look at www.generalfinishes.com you will see they recommend  the GF top coat sealer first. For a table top I would use 7-8  coats, applied w/ cotton rag.  FYI
very dangerous operating the T.S. w/o guard, riving/splitter and the  anti kick-back  fingers
hi boss before you use oil topcoat.. u mixing any tinner or something to use.. mix or not. tq bro🇲🇾
He's gay
So beautiful 😍💖wow
instead of wood filler, put a small amount of glue on the crack and then sand it while it is wet. this will create a paste and fill in the misalignment.
1:28 why did you let go of the wood while still cutting on the table saw? Not a safe thing to do as an example. Hope you are ok.
Well That is how you built a table-top but, there is a lot more to a table than the top to a table.
Bam bam bum!!
Beautiful 🤩😎👆👍
Nice job! I think you explained the featherboard twice. LOL!
Shit, i just stained my wood an hour ago lol, i hope the excess isnt too bad
I want one!
All that buildup and no shots of the fished product. Shame. would have love to have seen that completed.
That's why you plan it first.
No planning of the boards?
Where's the legs man
wow what a beautiful table , your videos are awesome !! thank you for this amazing tutorial !!
04:39 hahahaha
Great work.  Thx for posting.
Would’ve been more awesome if the finished product was shown and highlighted properly at the end of the video. Anyways awesome job
There should not be any gaps in your glued up top. Filling them with wood filler is not a fix it’s actually a sign of poor woodworking skills. Your lay up or the boards looks awful.  Don’t quit your day job.
Are they really called nidbits or did you make that up...sounds made up. Nice job!
Actually
Not sure if you considered and opted out, but filling that hole with epoxy would avoid things from snagging or falling in it.  Also, careful with the cheesecloth, it can leave behind residue that ruins the finish.  I'm a walnut fan too.  Great looking table top!
What does BYOT stand for
Very professional 👍🏻nice
Good job mate! Im gonna make My desk like this
Bring your own Festool domino jointer
O yea
O yea
Looks awesome! I'm thinking about building a similar table but I don't have access to a table saw. If I bought s4s instead of s3s, would that eliminate the need to trim down the edge like you did?
How about the legs???
Excelente trabajo. Bendiciones saludos
This video is just great and made me want to make a dining table for me and my wife. There were really nice plans on this other site too, I just typed "drgood life woodworking journey" in google and found some really nice stuff there. Quite nice as well.
shavers
together pieces
molding design n attachment
that "ultra fine 80 tooth blade" is not the right type of blade for this application. use a rip blade.
Really surprised that when joining the table top no biscuits were used.
That thing is amazing!
You sir answered a lot of questions great video..
You Think it looks good right now... watch this!!! Thumbs up if you get it :)
Before you ask, no, you do not have the tools or space to make this.
Nice work! That's a beautiful tabletop!
This looks like 8/4 lumber, not 6/4
How do you find just raw wood like this?
Watching this really makes you appreciate fine woodwork.
Nice. Why didn’t you  fill the hole?
You did not share the table measurements
Instead of using 'bing, bang, boom', try 'bish, bash, bosh!' A really lovely table, that will last for many years and will no doubt be handed down to the offspring.
no dowelling, interesting
oh yea...
Is it not necessary to use dowels of biscuits to join the boards?
I love it  can you please send me the list of all the paint and glue
Great video. Just purchased natural ash yesterday for a new kitchen table top.
What is the thickness of this table?
Looks amazing.
No you are not right. A shotty ugly hole looks like cheap crap and everyone will make superficial comments while thinking you f'd it up well and truly.
damn a whole walnut went into this, what if we had more walnuts? just such a small nut
Hi, I'm from Poland. I made one. If you want, leave the sub : https://youtu.be/7JHzdWeDq4Y https://youtu.be/wiReemStRv4
OHYEAH.
Enjoyed the video! Do you not use a riving knife?
Very beautifull table. Nice work. A general question. What is this thing on Youtube that everybody uses a messy rag to apply the finish? What is wrong with a decent brush?
Dude, cut down on the music.
To much sap wood. Cut out ALL of the sap wood from the board. it just looks much better.
"LIKE BAATTAA'😂 loved that part
Thanks
Brilliant brilliant brilliant
Are you being paid by the feather board manufacturer?
That is beautiful!
Pretty cool video that was tough to finish with how many sentences ended with "oh ya"
awesome work!
11:16 you missed a spot!
I'm surprised you didn't use biscuits.
Nice table
I noticed that all you did to connect the wood was glue, no under screws...I didn't realize that glue is that strong.
nice one... thanks
hey are u in Seattle?
Why you didn’t use dowel for assembly?
Loved it!!
I thought it would be made of walnuts, clickbait :(
I like the final finish.. Clean as baby's Ass 🤪🤪
I would have assumed that biscuits would be used to help join the planks together.
What is mineral spirits. Mineral turpine?
That table finished looks better than a whole lot of furniture/tables in BIG BOX Brand Name furniture stores! Your Walnut D.R.T. looks, super-hot, waaay-kewl and EXPENSIVE! its beautiful. I'm building a homemade picnic table for my back yard. Could I use your Walnut table out doors if I finished it good enough? I'm using a combination of ideas from several YT Channels and yours!
I like
Beautiful
Awesome beautiful job.  Thanks for all the details.
Tip.... attach the buffing pad to a piece of wood, it minimize any swirl marks made by using your hand.
Bing bam boom. Nothing wrong with that
Who cares what people say now.  People are idiots. Be original ! Bing bang boom ! It's called being Italian!
Do you have an idea what you paid for all that lumber?
*what the fuck is w/ the music?*
Excuse me , what type of wood are you using ?
he didn't use any doweling or mortise for joining the pieces. is that ok
@BYOT what is the exact router bit that you used for this table?
I thought you didn't need to raise the grain for an oil finish?
Wish there were more angles of the finished piece! So awesome
What table are you using?
SUPER SMOOTH
Great video and spectacular project!!  You should make a vid on how to build a modern book shelf unit out of walnut.
You just glued them together? really, no routing channels or anything? yikes.
Oh ya
Gorgeous table! One finish trick I know is to use gloss for all but the final coat, then the final coat in whatever sheen you prefer (in your case, a satin). This gives you a clearer finish so you can see the detail of the woodgrain, since satin poly includes a dulling ingredient that can make the finish slightly cloudy if built up in layers.
we should all say bing bang boom more often:)))
Where is the bloody Legsssssss ????!!!!
Nice sharing bro💕😀
No legs?
I noticed a lack of biscuit joints.  Does any woodworker know if straight glue is enough?
Cheers for this, I've been looking for "build walnut dining table" for a while now, and I think this has helped. Have you ever come across - Fenadelyn Esteemed Framework - (should be on google have a look )?   It is a good exclusive product for discovering how to improve your woodworking skills without the normal expense. Ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my partner got cool success with it.
God bless you 👍
You can take some saw dust and rub it into the squeeze out. This makes for easy removal of the excess glue before it dries.
Walnut is my favorite wood for woodworking.  I usually oil it with Watco but I will try your solution one time.
That was really beautiful.  Great explanation.  Love your process for finishing.  Thanks!
I pour clear cast in my table top knots.
I have a couple of questions for whoever is able to answer and help me out.  Please keep in mind that I am brand new in my woodworking journey but I truly do want to learn and be able to build the beautiful kind of furniture that I grew up watching my dad build in his workshop.  1.) I used polyurethane on a table I made that I painted white (it was made with cheap plywood and 2x4s) and it turned sooooo yellow.  The instructions didn't say anything about wiping it off between coats so I'm curious what I did wrong?  2.) On the table in the video, why would this finish be chosen over something like resin or epoxy?  2nd part of that question, is epoxy and resin the same thing?  3.) On a dining room table like this, that has beautiful holes/character in it, I have seen some woodworkers fill those with a colored resin (or epoxy if it's different) so I'm curious about the pros and cons.  I bought myself some little oak slats to try to make something with and since I'm so new to woodworking, I think I'll just try to make a pretty box or something simple to start with.    Thank you in advance for those of you more experienced that can offer your advice and expertise.  Gorgeous finished product.  I want to work with Mahogony wood myself.  SO bad.  It's beautiful!
Half this project is just sanding and cleaning and cleaning and buffing and sanding and buffing and cleaning and wiping lol. Plus, what about the legs...?
Waste of half decent wood
Keren
I am not a woodworking joiner, but aren't you meant to plane the boards all round so the stock is uniform. Also, joining the boards together should have been done with 'biscuits' and glue for a seamless overall finish. I have seen jointed board table tops that look flawless, I'm not sure this one is.
This is the best Youtube video I've seen for my tables! Thank you! Do you think this technique would work on a spalted maple bench?
Dude trying to be funny is cringeworthy
great commentary!
wait u forgot the legs???
Never heard it called "cheese cloth" or Cheese sponge". Search instead for tack cloth. Box stores have it in the painters section.
oh yeah
Wow that was insane
With varying thickness boards on the tabletop, planing them down seems daunting...but I'll give it a try. I have an electric planer but I'm not sure I trust it after using it on another uneven glued up piece. It cut a groove into the face and it took me FOREVER to remove it. It's still there to a small extent. I may just take 60 grit to it and sand away until it looks good. Then take 80-120 to it and flatten.
ok it'sok
Is it ok to use mineral spirits on cutting board? Or mineral oil on table?
one of the best video i have seen very well explained
that annoying music sure does suck
This is a great video. Where did you buy the wood? Please do share your source of lumber.
Next video... how to dispose of your parents g.d. walnut dining table along with all their other belongings after they've passed.
Lovely work! We certainly appreciate this after recently trying to build our first table! It's not easy!!
Can I use your finishing technique with regular polyurethane ?
Awesome video!  I referenced your video the most by far and it was extremely helpful. Thanks!
holy crap, he LOVES to talk !
Great video, just what i needed, thx. One question: can i use nutella instead of wunderfil?
I was surprised at the low price of walnut!!
how much does a build like this cost roughly?
You can never forget to take care of the holes.
Nice job but some beginner mistakes that people should be aware of... Joint your boards and check the fit up so you don't need wood filler for the joints. Clamp everything without glue and check for gaps before glueing. The Arm_R-Seal is the best table top finish I know of and a great choice for walnut. With an oil finish you don't need to "raise the grain". The most helpful tip I can give is regarding the application of the Arm-R-Seal...use a foam brush but don't wipe off the excess. You need to apply continuously keeping a wet edge and then let the the material self level. Important to pour out just what you will use for the coat and reseal the can to keep the solvent from evaporating. The fresh material when applied correctly levels out into a hard durable coating. I lightly knock down the dust nibs between coats and three good ones are all you need. Once the coating is down don't play with it because you'll only make it worse, wait till the next coat to even things out. Also pay more attention to sapwood and match light to light and dark to dark to make the seams less noticeable.  Nice video!
Couldn't make it past the intro.  Used car salesman overload.
To prevent gaps between the boards after glue up you can joint the boards with a longer hand plane, such as a Stanley no 6, 7 or 8. Definitely a lot cheaper than buying a jointer, you just need to know how to sharpen plane blades properly.
please bring the music volume down when you speak, its a little difficult to hear what you say and arent we all motivated to learn everything you mention? ;)
Wow, what an amazing job and great video, than you, I'm going to build my kitchen table.
It's amaizing! Does it levitate as well?? As I could not see any legs attached :D
wow no joinery is needed just glue?  how strong is it if an end plank is bumped hard?
just curious that how to make sure the top is not twisted without machine planar 🤔 thx
Nice video, but PLEASE add a note about SAFETY when using the saws.  The rip cuts of the stock material are particularly dangerous in the absence of a blade guard.
非常棒的视频，终于知道餐桌板是怎么做出来了，谢谢！
Beautiful table. But dude your a wierdo
Great work! thanks for sharing
That table is extremely nice.
Don't use wood filler, mix wood glue and your sawdust from sanding and work it into the gap
You forgot to mention to also coat the bottom of the table so it doesn't warp from uneven moisture absorption
Legs?
I took the easy rout and spend a crate of beer to give to my local wood workshop  (hint 6:20) and they plained it all down in 30 minutes.
Sry, but this is horrible craftmanship. For rip cuts you want a blade with few teeth not many. The boards are not straight, thats why the ridges. You need joint and plane them right before glue up. For correct clamp pressure you need 12-15 clamps not 5. And wtf that Chinese Jack plane? What thick chips that was tearing out of the surface. You can see the gruesome surface in the close up with the random orbit sander. Sry, this is a: how not to do. Professional editing and voice over though.
that will not stay together long term without biscuits or dominos
Not sure if you said in the video but how thick was the table top?
hey just curious if you really dont need any biscuits or dowels or anything for such a large table top?
turn off the music
Where are the legs
Very nice!
Your using the wrong type of blade. You should be using a master combo blade. Ripping wood with a 80 tooth cross cut blade is to hard on the saw. Try it you'll like it.
Pakai kayu apa itu bang? Bagus sekali
Will this crack with climate change
Nice job! What is mineral spirits? Can I use fine sandpaper instead of buffing pad ? I think we don't have that here...
love the video man, great job. super helpful
Just finished my table, and looks awesome. Thanks for the help
the hole need painting too...oh yes it do lol...that was funny
Great video, very helpful.  Can I ask if you've seen the color of the walnut change over time since you made this?  #subscribed
Nice touch using Nutella as a wood filler!
belo tampo
Another tip is to wear clean clothes when putting on the finish coats.  Sometimes dust on your sleeves can fall onto the surface.
Counted 13 “oh yeah’s”
I learned some great tips from this video! These tips are AMAZING!!!
Of all woodworking book I`ve read, this “Bαzοmο Tdy Plαn” (Google it) is the perfect. My wood working trainer recommends it to all of his scholars. I am amazed how authors managed to write very comprehensive topics. The tutorials are clear and simple to follow, the material is interesting. .
Que tipo de madera es ?
looking amazing! i think it will be my next project
Love the tips!
The links to the buffing pads are broken. Can you reply with a link to both of them? Thanks and awesome video!
These "character marks" look like holes in the table, dude.
I say “Bing, bang, boom...”
For the less experienced folks, that $10.90 price you saw at the beginning when he was selecting the boards is per board foot (BF), not for each board.  To calculate BF, measure L x W x D to find the volume of the board, then divide that number by 144.  Often the supplier will have already calculated the BF measurement and have it written on the wood.  Take that number and multiply it by the cost per BF, in this case $10.90, so a board that measures 5.5 BF will cost you $59.95.  Given the size of this table, he probably has about $400 in the top alone.
Other things you said far too often in this video; "Oh yeah", "I'm going to go ahead".     Nice table top, by the way.
uses a feather board to keep the wood against the fence but nothing to keep it pressed to the table. Watch the lift of the board around 1:50. Gets close to a face full of Walnut. Great table though.  Thanks.
Thats some good wood
Legend has it he's still using mineral spirits to buff out the remaining saw dust to this day.
live in Pittsburgh
What grit sandpaper did you use the first couple times you sanded?
Oh yeah?
Bing bang boom
💜💜💜
what kind of router bit you used?
no need for nuggets inbetween the planks?????
Woodworking from a bro
why didn't you use biscuit joints or dowels on the table top. wood glue alone will fail over time.
Oh yeah, oh yeah
You don't use a hand planer on that large a surface and expect it to be perfectly flat.  A very hack error to make.
Ohhh yeah
When i was a young boy, my parents didn't love me. I spent every day crying, but alas, my weeping ceased as i gazed my eyes upon the wondrous wood. It had the perfect stain, and I could even smell the tree it had been birthed from. What stood before me, was a hand-crafted, custom made, fully modular, double sanded, slab of wood that I lay my food, called a dinner table. From that day forward, i have sought out those who dabble in such work as dinner tables. It changed me, molded me... into the man I am today. If it weren't for that fateful day when i discovered the 8th world wonder that you mortals call a dinner table, I would be on the streets. thank you for everything that you do. Love, your boy mikey. Yeet.
Did you post the video with the legs yet?
Strickly speaking a steak can be cooked in a microwave. It works but won't taste anywhere near as good as if it were grilled. A lot like what you have done here. Your process technically works. But I would never use most of your techniques. All I can say is, I hope this is just a hobby for you.
This is truly beautiful
Just trying to kickback that board huh
My husband and I have been used these from Stodoys and he's very satisfied.
I noticed you didn't use pocket holes? Why not? When is a good time to use pocket holes?
that bitch is gonna fall apart in 3 years
Great tip~~🙌🤩
I like the table but just wood glue makes me wonder about the strength. Why not use some dowels to help keep the strength?
Walnut makes a beautiful table! Check out my pine table:  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BzUoPlLX438
I WOULD HAVE USED A DIFFERENT PRODUCT FOR FINISHING. P.S. NOT CHEESECLOTH, IT IS TACK CLOTH--CHEESECLOTH IMBEDDED WITH BEESWAX
Yes. Not kinda weird. It is weird. Humor feels forced. Other than the forced humor, very good learning video.
Beautiful work @BYOT !! Well made video. Thank You
We need to wipe the top coat finishing? Is it apply to all top coat finishing or just the one that you use? Since i just let it dry it self and the product instruction not saying top wipe it down. But ur finishing much much more classy look than mine that like a wood wrap with plastic😖
very nice table
Beautiful table. My compliments
What are you using for that very last coat??
Umm legs? Lol
The wood pieces used for braces set upright on their sides will be better than laying them flat. I'd trim off that sap wood or lay it out so it was only on the edges.
Wow this is so cool!! Im Going  to make my own in a few months haha
“Oh yea!,” “just so you know.”  Next time I’m keeping count of each. LoL this guy is such a dork! It’s actually really awesome!
Did I miss something? I see a table top. Where's the table???
If you want you can learn from woodprix woodworking plans how to make it yourself.
Dude no joinery. Biscuits , dowels or dominos
Good
What is the buffing pad at 11:24?
The video was good, but your meaningless and idiotic commentary was shit. Would've been better without it.
There's a lot to be aware of...
Stunning table, especially after the sealer! I want to build a coffee table (less ambitious! lol), but don't know where to begin. If anyone else is in the same boat, these tips (just to even contemplate building your own furniture) helped me mentally "get there": https://bit.ly/2HUdcCy
I want to use this video to make a top for my kitchen island.  Is there anything I need to do differently, being this was for a table?
Stole the song from sous vide everything
PLEASE STOP SAYING 'OH YEAH' so annoying
How much would you charge someone to create this?
Looks amazing! But never set your planer down on its bottom. A cardinal sin of woodworking
Crosscut hardwoods in Seattle?
Did you show how you did the legs?
Where can we get the good quality walnut wood board? Anything to be think of when buying ? Like Timing of the year, humidity etc.Thanks
An 80 tooth blade is not appropriate for ripping, u want a glue line ripping blade.
until you put legs on this, it is not a table, it is currently a table plate, Excellent video, beautiful result
It's been 2 years, did you have any issues with warping and such?
Talented. And funny. Excelente!   My current youtube feed. Football,  carpentry specialists and busty try on hauls. The only 3 things you need in your life. Just sayin'
Question.... Why didn't you make those plants tongue and groove for extra durability than just straight glue and clamp?
That looks amazing, nice job
Beautiful! I  want one!!!!
sand dust?
I couldn't watch this due to the poor audio.
Красивый результат получился!
I would add biscuits on joining the  slabs with the glue. Also if you have the skills breadboard the ends. Nice video though.
what is your rounder model?
Nice work
This looks amazing. Thanks for all the good tips.
*oh yeah*
Awesome table. I just built a maple desk top and because of this video i will be building a walnut desk top. Thanks for the detailed video.  One question, can you use the oil & urethane topcoat on maple ?
Very good you only get out what u put in well worth the work 🥵🥵🥵
What a mess. S3s lumber is not flat or square, it still needs to be jointed. You have gap cuz the boards aren’t straight when u ripped them on ur toy saw. Ya use wood putty for that “professional look”. You shouldn’t be making instructional videos.
Very, very cool table. But, earlier I was watching tons of videos about tables with "breadboard ends". Are they necessary to prevent warping? How does the table look today?
You looks high at the intro
Great video, beautiful table.
Do you sell tables?!!
would be nice if you showed how to do the legs and under part of the table surface.  a polished surface of wood does not make a table.
mua sắm *bàn ghế đồ gỗ giá kho* để nhận được ưu đãi nhé *https://dogogiakho.com/ban-ghe*
Go ahead and...
too much sap cut it off next time and pay a little extra for walnut, beautiful
Thanx from iraq
Oh yeah. Tack cloth
Nice table  OH YEA
All the types of " DINING TABLES " :  Affordable Rates like never seen before  |  2019 Recent designed collection :- http://bit.ly/2BcOECa
Oh yeah,
man, that's dope ass table.
I wanted to know what grit sand paper did you use the first time you sanded the table
Am I the only person who loves sanding? Feeling the slow transition to buttery smooth wood just speaks to me.
featherboard = awesome! thanks for sharing
Exactly how protective is that finish? Will it protect against spills (water, red wine, grape juice) or heat?
Have you ever tried taking any of that wood filler and putting it in a nutella jar?  I think some fun could be had...
I LOVE WALNUT!!!!
*bàn ghế Đồ Gỗ Giá Kho* tốt không mọi người
Wow great video! Love wooden furniture so much. My home had been renovated with #CustomMade #handmade #WoodenFurniture by Goldpines https://www.goldpines.com.sg/ . They did a very good job for my #HomeRenovation ! #CustomMadeWoodenFurniture
Really nice look wood! Maybe use biscuits joinery between boards though
Great video thanks
bada bing, bada boom. I think it's an italian phrase
Lot of faith on the glue... I thought some joinery would be involved...
I don't think this guy understands the meaning of due diligence lol
Your unapologetic humor is why I subscribed! Well....maybe because of the awesome skills too. Thanks for sharing man, please keep 'em coming!
Excellent job!..
Pity about the finish.
Oh yeah
Now that’s some pretty work
This man respects wood
Natural unstained walnut is the most beautiful of all woods
tham khảo thêm nhiều mẫu #bànăn gỗ tại #dogogiakho.com
gorgeous wood
Actually it’s called a tack rag not a cheesecloth. A cheesecloth is the tack rag without the sticky stuff. But other than that bravo wish I had the money to afford that kind of lumber
Lol your humor reminds me of Chuck Bartowski's humor from the tv show, Chuck! Nice video!
I think the "cheesecloth" is tack cloth.
wow it looks gorgeous ,great job
how much is that walnut worth for that amount of material
That is gorgeous
great job man !!
OH Yeah!  I think I heard that 10 times...
Man that table is so sexy I feel like going and working on my wood😎😉
That came out awesome ! You can make me a desk like that for Christmas
First let me say beautiful workmanship but  I feel the white sapwood detracts from the overall piece. If you could have selected all dark walnut heartwood I think it would have made a much higher and aesthetically pleasing piece. But again beautiful workmanship!
You are hella funny bro...😂😂😂👍👍👍
Another dumb question. Just started my woodworking hobby and this seems like a project that would be good for me. Here's the question. What is the best way to clean the paint roller after using it to apply wood glue? By the way, great video! You explain things clearly and simply. Thanks for that. There are many that just assume that we are all professionals.
Thanks for the beautiful video and great work! Do the top coats that you applied will change the color of the wood? I love the brown color of the walnut but I worry that if I apply the top coats, it will effec the look of the walnut.
Buck Bros plane? That tells me everything I need to know.
buy here https://www.amazon.com/Everhome-Designs-Extension-Dining-Parsons/dp/B079B3F8MT/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1542494070&sr=1-1&keywords=Everhome+Designs+-+Vegas+7+Piece+Round+To+Oval+Extension+Dining+Table+Set+for+6+(Parsons+Chairs)&linkCode=ll1&tag=pedrosk300007-20&linkId=2b6fa43568569e35e6d1d6594f04b94f&language=en_US
@t
order here :    @t
Nice job dude!
Absolutely disgracefully amazing.. Where's the bloody installation of the legs.. LEGSSSSSS!!!! C'MON  On a serious note I really enjoyed the video and your narrative. Thumbs up
Awesome! Going to try to make one.
This is a great looking table n good video, jst started woodworking myself.
Is that one inch or two inch?
Only use glue to hold them together?
what were the demensions of the wood you used?
Would you like to make sofa please
Nice, I learned a lot.
Loved your video.  Beginner question, how did you make the surface that you used to assemble the table.  I want to try a table top, but don't have a good flat surface that is big enough.  I am afraid that my table top won't be perfectly flat.
when making a table top are dowels not necessary?  i am making a top for a coffee table and i am wondering whether i should use them
Just the glue alone will join those planks together enough to bear some weight long term?? I made a coffee table but I drilled in plants perpendicular to the planks to keep it solid - but it that not necessary?? I put iron-pipe legs on mine
wait where are the legs?!
Yes is a good looking table Great job
Fantastic.  Very professional and we'll nurrated.  Thank you, the table looked stunning
Love the work you done
Nice work on the table and video too but were you drunk when you did the narration? :) You're slurring your words. LOL.
Dining room table? Nah I’m going to make one of these using the first few steps then vinyl wrap it in white and turn it into a gaming table.
This has alot of the same elements of doing Autobody  work.
Dumb question - but did you do both sides of the table?
Oh WOW I am so impressed!  Its beautiful.
I love all your tools.  I would love to be a carpenter!
WoodPlan. info - Huge collection of woodworking plans.
I dig it.
Oh ya
I see the link for those "buffing pads", but it's not working. Can you shoot me the specifics on those? Thanks!
Muy bonita
This video help me with my project
Well done!!!!
Which sanding pads did you use? The link is broken
Let me when it for pick up 😁.  That is a beautiful 🤤🤤 dinner table that you made.
I am highly respect you very much, because I feel that a great woodwork individual show their works should explain clearly in such details at least like you or more.  So the watcher can learn and understand and you are the first one I saw in YOUTUBE.  Thanks millions.
WoodPlan. info - Best woodworking plans online.
tables gud and your eye looks like u had been busy with onions too
Great video but your sound needs some work
great job !!! congra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djGPTa80kes&t=6s how to make wooden brain
Nice job, mate - thanks for your work! Question: did you finished the bottom/underside of the table, too? Or sealed it ???
I'm pretty sure the best instruction is on woodprix website.
Gorgeous table dude. Very sharp!
Dear Maker, Please, never move your palms along the sharp edge... ALWAYS move perpendicular.
Amazing finish!
Oh, my! That's truly amazing. Can't beat the beauty of that wood!
Will the lumber yard cut and smooth out the board for me?
Realy beautiful...
Beautiful table! Just found your channel by chance, subscribed! You do projects similar to mine!
It's ugly.
Show amigo
Sure, this looks good but you should probably think twice before picking this wack ass youtube preset music for the entirety of your 14 minute video (19 minutes if you're including pt2).
Good job Sir.
thanks, it help me. :)
когда инструмента навалом, а руки из жопы
awesome table. What type of router bit did you use? did you route the bottom of the table or just smooth over the edges?
How long would it take somone who is a noob. Haven't done any woodwork since HS
I would be interested how the table looks now. I can imagine that the boards split apart as you have not glued them with mortised joints
Instead of wood filler you can put down a little wood glue and while it's still wet give it a little sanding. The dust from the sanding will mix with the glue and hide the gaps nicely.
Wow love that grain in the table. Walnut is pretty.
was that price, 10 bucks per linear foot?
Just a tip I've discovered: When running your saw across to square up the wood like you did at 5:20, I've found it's best to measure based on the longer end of the saw. For instance, my saw's guide is 1" away from the blade on one side and 4" away on the other, so I always measure 4" away from where I need to make my cut. If I use the shorter side, I found that the saw is harder to keep flat against the material and that causes it to wobble, making the cut not square with the top of the wood. I hope that was clear. Great video though and I'll definitely be using the methods in this to build my own tabletop one day.
Take a shot everytime he says oh yeah
oh ya!
Subbed but voice over a little ott.  But I am english ?
Nice work!  I made an end grain cutting board and used water to pop the grain, It was almost like I never sanded in the first place.  What I think I will do in the future is use isopropyl alcohol becasue it will evaporate much faster than water and I think has less chance of soaking into the wood before you apply a finish.
What would this sell for you reckon?
Completely amazing!!! Tks man!
looks like a babies butt
That looks awesome! I'm ready to start this project for my wife.
Nonsense
I like how he showed the common errors and how to fix. As a woodworking, the first thing you learn is that "good" woodworkers fix mistakes really well :)
Oh yeah, he likes to say oh yeah.
Very nice, total cost of the project?
and the legs for this table?
I'm sure you can find awesome woodworking plans on woodprix website
I wish I had all these tools so I could make this ☹️
Did you end up going with 6/4 or 8/4 thickness boards?  Can't tell if you went thick and then planed down.
this is a table top...
The hand plane section made me cringe but good attempt at trying, loved the project overall.
Excellent well done job
Nicely done. I was wondering can I make an island countertop using this method ? it is 3.25 meter by 1.2 meter so it is huge, would it be stable and will never break down ? after applying the finishing coating. can I use knife to chop on it or use dough scraper when I am kneading my dough on it ? Thank you in advance.
Wow great video. After product looks amazing. I look forward to making one as well!
hhahahaha BYOT means gay in my city hahahahah
Constructive criticism: You can save a few steps by using biscuit joinery between your boards to ensure the surface is flat.  You wouldn't need to hand plane at all, just skip right to sanding.  Oh and you could wipe the wood glue off while its still wet in order not to junk up the sander and make things run smoother from the beginning.
Bing bang boom
Great video, thanks for sharing. I am making something similar but smaller and am using pine. Wouldn´t you suggest to use dowels? I was surprised you only used glue...
I've found awesome plans on woodprix website. just check them out.
Good vid
Hallo dab hush is a great place to work for and it is a great place to to work for with the https://media.giphy.com/media/YTbZzCkRQCEJa/giphy.gif https://media.giphy.com/media/YTbZzCkRQCEJa/giphy.gif
This is the first of your videos that I watched. Loved it! Fun tidbit, when I saw BYOT, at first glance I read it was Build Your Own Table lol
Looks amazing but all that work and you picked a board with a whole :(
What was the buffing pad used around 11:24 and 12:55? Will that remove any grainy-ness of the wood that might become grainy from water/windex on walnut?
wow this is great! without jointer and planer? looks great! Subscribing you right now! Thank you for the video! I would like to see more videos without using fancy tools! Love this!
You didn't show the final finished product, wow.
Why no dominos or other reinforcement?
How much would a table like this cost to make? And how much can you sell it for ? Thank you :)
Gorgeous
I hope I can do it
very nice
Is it possible to make a table with pale moon ebony?
Love it
I want that table top, but Im not going to make it myself... Where can I buy one?
Beautiful work! 👍
Excelente trabajo!! como se llama el accesorio azul para el corte? min 1:07
Dude that was an awesome video. I just subscribed!  So helpful step by step! But I had one question. The table I am building is 2.5” material and will be over hanging the base by a lot. Will just glue be strong enough to Hold the would from snapping at the joint if someone leans on it? Or should I do something to strengthen it up.
Here's a game, how many times does he say "oh yea"?
im sure you'll build it yourself. I made it 2 weeks ago thanks to woodprix website.
Couple people in comments asked how thick tabletop is.......with no reply. How thick?
Great looking table. Was wondering how well the finish is holding up after normal use?
i learned a lot!
less talk.  more rock.
It's a little scary to see the walnut ride up the blade; even with the feather board....consider getting a riving knife, it's a lot safer!
OHH YEAH 😂
Pre-raising the grain doesn't need to be done with any oil based finish.  Water based finishes raise the grain, oil does not.  Put Arm R Seal on much thinner, if you have to wipe off the excess it's too thick.  I suppose the rest of my complaints are opinion based, so I'll bite my tongue.
What brand of buffing pads did you use? I can't find them on Amazon. Thanks
Hi, beautiful table. One question, what is the name/purpose of the blue device on your table saw?
That table turned out so well! Do you recall what the total boardfoot was for a table that size?
What was the total cost of the table? And approximate total time into the project. (just the top)
too good🙋
What abput doing like a hand scraped or distressed look on it? Wouldnt it look kool?  Just saying.
Why can’t you sand the lip off with a rotating sand belt sander?
The “oh yeah” is terrible. Corny is corny, please don’t.
Great video  So practical  Thank you
Great! Had a few issues with my first big table top and I'm super happy I came across your video now that I'm about to start my second. I subscribed as a thank you :), you did GOOD. And the Super Bowl tonight!? Today is a good day
Yes it's amazing!! Thank you!
“Oh yeah!”
Hermoso trabajo! Saludos desde Argentina!!!!
I’m not sure if anyone mentioned it yet but you can also mix up some wood glue and the sawdust from that walnut to make a great wood filler that matches.
esta increible
I am happy to see used sapwood. It gives beautiful contrst.
Hmm so biscuits or dominos not necessary? Also I think it’s called a tack cloth/rag not cheese sponge hehe
you make silly comments, but it's nice to hear how passionate you are about the process! :)  If i made a video, i would say stuff like "um.. yeah, so.. put more of it on.. because.. it needs more."
I am pretty sure you can find good solution on WoodPrix page :)
Did you finish the under side
Your not funny at all, but good information
Why don't they straight line rip it before putting it on the shelf?
I have seen that walnut will grey over time unless certain types of stains are used to block UV etc. I love the look of this table and was wondering the longevity of the colour as well as some tips increase it :) Great Job on the project!
That was amazing, I have watched it twice now and it's just incredible.
I don't often comment however I had to say ..... What an Awesome Table Top. making me think, LOL my wife might Love something like this. I am still new to working with wood so I think Ill wait a bit till I get some practice in but ill have to go for it at some point. Sub'ed , Liked and hit the notification bell .... Great Video and thank you for the detail without making the rest of us feel,,,,,,, Well, as smart LOL... have a great weekend and Happy New Year. stay safe
Nice idea
Linda parabéns; Brazil ;são paulo, abraço
You were at Crosscut Hardwoods in South Seattle, right? Love that place.
Why no planing or joining
Outstanding!
Andai saja saya punya uang 2000 dolar pasti sudah bisa usaha seperti itu😔😔😔
Great job but what i didn't like the addof music. Inside the video. It's make. Your voice. Not clear.  I recommend don't use music  while you're speaking thanks
Awesome build! Could make a drinking game out of all the times you say "Oh yeah". lol
That table is down right GORGEOUS! Incredible work! That lumber yard looks familiar 🤔. Are you also a local Seattleite? Anyhow, you have yourself a new subscriber!
Is that wood a specific name like pine, walnut etc?
Help! I️ started building a table, got the feather jig and everything, but my boards are bowed, more than 1/8” after resaw. Am I️ doing something wrong, or are the boards bowing after the fact?
Wtf
Hello mate, I have never work with wood before but I want to build an "L" desk, hopefully I am not totally wrong but I fear I may be, my plan is to buy 1"x6"x10', cut 4 pieces of 6"x5' and glue them togheter to get a 24"x5' rectangle, is it that easy?, or even possible if I don't have equipment ( table saw, clamps, etc)? Do you thing I would be able to get a flat top on the desk? Will I need to buy a power tool? I'm sure this is a silly question, please bear with me.
in all reality...Oh Yeah
Thank you for the great video! I am working on a bar top and ran into a stalemate on jointing the boards to look good. I know what I need to do now so thanks again!
Beautiful.  I want to do this on a counter top.
Bro!!! Crosscut is my candy shop!!!  I just built a table like this made from walnut purchased from the same place!!!  This is great!!!
AN Amazing Job. Thanks for sharing. Here's a question can you put a table top epoxy resin over this finish?
how thick are the pieces of wood? 1 inch? 2? thanks!!
I don't want to be perfectionist, could I skip some steps?
Without a bread board, did this table end up smiling or frowning at the table ends?
Nice table top!!  If u don’t mind me asking how much did the wood cost in total?   And that american or Canadian dollars.    Thanks
Great video! Quick question though. Would it also have been okay to fill in the crack with glue and some of your walnut sawdust instead of using the wood filler?
Very nice table. Do you sell these Walnut tables?
Great video!
Hey, what grit sand paper did you use initially? Thanks.
Looks nice now but anyone working with walnut should understand that over time light will yellow the wood taking away the natural dark brown beauty.  Applying a walnut stain is generally recommended before raising the grain.  Also walnut sawdust can be toxic.  Wear a respirator.
LOVE THIS!  😱😍
I wish my local lumber yard had $10 walnut.
Nice grain, but I think I lost brain cells with these techniques used and the shitty sanding job
opps DIY not DYI ugggggg
dude this was perfect. My wife just asked if I can re-make our dinning /kitchen table and this was one of the best dyi videos for this. I'm going to use the same wood but mine will be round (smaller space) :|
OMGggggggg, that is beautful - I'm so doing this next
Also, i am looking for Ideas about what to do with my log.  A neighbor cut down a cherry tree and i got a really nice log that is about 36" long and about 50" round at largest point and 45" at its narrowest.  I am looking for ideas about might i might do with this great piece of wood.  Any advice would be welcome.  It has been siting in my garage for over a year drying but i didnt know about sealing the ends.
Love the table! Only thing I would do differently is use leftover sawdust + wood glue to fill in the gaps versus a wood filler.
Tack cloth. Not cheese cloth
80 tooth is for plywood
Wrong blade for that cut
"Trust me, you're gonna want straight wood for this project" :) Great video man, really appreciate it.
Great Build!
Sure sure ... hjhj thanks ! I'm from Vietnam
Walnut is so damn nice. I wish i could get it in australia... maybe i can somewhere. Nice job mate! Lots of useful information in this video. It helps a lot for those of us relatively inexperienced at woodworking, thanks
Do you do the same on the bottom?
How thick is the tabletop? I'm planning to build one like this, and I'm trying to decide on a thickness. Right now I'm leaning towards 1.25" or 1.5". Thoughts?
Take a shot every time he says "Oh yeah" 😂😂
Awesome work!   Will you be doing more videos like this soon?
Nice video, just a little fyi, always rest your hand planner on its side so you dont dull/damage the blade.
Get a life!!
DansGame Explain!!!
looks great! need a riving knife on that table saw tho!
this music is absolutely horrible ....
Nice table.. but I'm wondering if you've had any problems with the wood cracking overtime? And how do you prevent this from happening if it does?
FANTASTICO!  I LOVE IT
Love the work done to the wood..nice
Love the work done to the wood..nice
https://www.houzz.com/photos/90173206/Wooden-Contemporary-Storage-Cabinet-midcentury-accent-chests-and-cabinets
Excellent work - oh yea .... oh yea
excellent video, beautiful job.  love your work.
Great work!  No need to raise the grain with an oil based finish, only when using water based finishes or dyes though.
This is a great video. Thanks
hallo, very nice top, but what do You do with other side of board before instling legs? thanks
Hi, do you know what is the difference between arm-r-seal that says "wipe on formula" and the one who says nothing??? thanks
Great job, Saludos desde Monterrey, Mexico.
Amazing table, hope I can build one to one day! Small wish for the next video: Please don't use that song again, I'm so tired of it :D
Okay I'm seriously seriously impressed!!! Your video is one of the best I have ever seen!! Thanks for keeping it real!!!
Why didnt you use biscuits when mounting the wood together?
too bad you left all that sapwood in
Definitely the Best instructions I've seen on YouTube so far. Informative, relaxed, and above all a finish to be proud of. I'm new to your channel, but you have a lifelong Subscriber. Great Job 👍🏼
Would you do the same as the table top for a chopping board
About how much did that walnut cost? I really want to start buying real hardwoods instead of being so cheap. I guesstimated about $360.
It is not beautiful I am trying to say, but PERFECT !
The "wood bracing" is also known as a caul.
omg i love the look of this <3
Lmao bro dope ass video. Can you build a dresser please. My wife keeps bugging me to make one but every tutorial I've seen is so unclear
You think $11 for a walnut board is expensive? That's what we pay in Portugal for pine...and it's not even fully dried one. Lot's of time with beads of resin 😩. Very good video and beautiful wood. Walnut is my preferred type of wood
How much did it cost for the woods and the base? This looks awesome.
Was your wood $10.xx per foot? or per stick?
WOW!  That table top looks amazing.
love your in dept description of the finishing process!
Excellent work. What wood is it?
How much material did u need for the table based on board/ft?
This so good! Good job!
Great video! Maybe a newbie question, but do you also apply the finish on the bottom face of the table?
Awesome build, that walnut looks beautiful! I suggest filling those knot holes with epoxy, they're gonna be full of food in no time!
That wood filler reminds me of Nutella I just want to eat it!   Quick question, have you ever had a problem with it coming up when the table contracts? I've definitely noticed this with pine, though its probably because its a shittier wood than Walnut and would do so more quickly. Also curious why you didn't epoxy the knots? I've seen people mix ink with epoxy to darken it up. Clear coat looks good by the way.
Beautiful table top... I really like it
The Michael Scott of woodworking.
Awesome job on the video and I do fully agree - flaws bring character and in my mind, more value and beauty...provided in the right spots, etc.  Factory pieces often look plastic.  Make more!
beautiful table..
Awesome video. Subbed immediately! For some reason you remind of Jeff Goldblum, and your method is the perfect balance of fun and instructional. Great job. I gotta watch all your videos now..
one of the best instructions I've seen.  I understood it all and you make it seem achievable.  good work.  why you have only 5k subs I don't know.  I'm sure it will grow quickly.
Redo your kitchen
hi just recently subscribed and there are some awesome videos in here! great work, thanks... could you do a "how to pebbledash a wall"?  particularly if you have a wall were the render needs removed first
Great channel and video. Just curious, why not use biscuits in between the boards?
Replace the toilet please. Install a sink. Maybe install a granite counter top.
hey, lovely vid
can you do an update on your lawn?
