What's your favorite use for GARLIC???
This series is the best series on planting propagating and harvesting garlic that I’ve seen and I’ve watched a lot and I mean… A lot …….😊thank you for sharing
Do you ever plant elephant garlic?
Dumb questions: does the pesto have a strong garlic taste and, do you compost the stems and roots from the garlic?
Do you sell those then?
What's the use of the white strips, on top of the garlic in the bin?
So say it's early spring and you want garlic this fall...any way to plant it since I missed the fall window?
I love garlic but I dont eat it because else imma kill everyone at work with my breath
Mr Farm, have you tried making black garlic?
Bread Alone! Kingston ,NY!
Really have no idea how I found your channel but I’ve been binging it for the last three days! Love your content! Keep up the good work! Plus thanks for doing your part to save the environment by keeping bees! :)
Serendipitous ? Bon Appetite posted this not long ago https://youtu.be/XLVxVQ8O0s4 (Fermented) Garlic Honey
Nice! I've been waiting for this video!
I'm so glad I went back and watched the older videos of the channel, including parts 1 and 2.  This whole channel in general is just a joy to watch.
louse bouse thau sauce Sauce
Do you prep the soil or fertilize the bulbs?
You can also store garlic at room temperature, but it might not be as lasting as a cooler place,... Although I take my garlic out in summer, dry it and store it all winter on the kitchen counter in a bowl/jar. Garlic needs a cold snap or cool shock to get it's germination/sprouting conditions... So if you kept them in a cool cellar or a fridge and then bring them up to room temperature, they will start sprouting... As long as the room temperature is a fairly constant, no sprouting will occur, not even on the kitchen counter.
What would be the difference with related plants, such as onions or shallots?
Any insight on where you got those great bins? Both the red ones and the black ones look super handy for harvesting tomatoes and other crops.
I skipped over the series on the first pass - I wanted them all up before watching. Great planning, man. Awesome vids!
lol around 7:40 I got really confused and thought there was a winter cricket in my house. (to be fair this HAS happened before.)
Love the videos my friend! Try elephant garlic if it can withstand your hardiness zone. The bulbs are big enough you can let them go to flower, and  you'll still get decent size bulbs. That way your bees can enjoy them too, and they open blooms in June July when fall planted. If your winter is too cold and you have to spring plant, it may take cloves a year to grow to large rounds, before reaching blooming size with a spring planting schedule. It may also affect bloom time. After the bees finish with the flowers, you have a small window of opportunity to harvest the blossoms, which can be used in cooking like chive blossoms for extra flavor and color in various dishes. Cheers!
I eat lots now I just don't grow it.Last spring I planted a bout 30 died up bulbs of wild garlic a few grew and flowered for my new bees. I might  plant garlic this spring when I plant my peas.  Soil tilled I have ben lucky to catch a few days in late February most years here in western Illinois. Fall garlic is now  planned. A nice fat roaster (chicken) with 40 cloves of garlic with new potatoes and carrots.
Crush garlic and mix with your honey and put over a pork loin.
Garlic was not on my bucket list, thanks a lot.
04:25 I would like to hear about your dog. I am always interested in others' pets. {Name, age, type, where/when you got him and how he's doing}
Just saw an article about Garlic and treating long term lingering Lyme Disease.
how come you don't leave them in longer till the seeds form on top of plant and use that to seed next years crop? ... by doing that then you could save all the bottoms for yourself ... (im not an expert on garlic, just asking cuz i know if the tops are left on long enough you will get a bunch of mini-cloves  as seed)
Dry it and grind it in a coffee mill and put it in nice little jars ,pretty it up and you will not ever have enough to sell.  At markets nice little boutiques etc.  We used to do it all the time now I only dry grow 300  just enough for us and our family.
With so much, you ought to braid heads together. Good seller at farmers market.
Does anyone use the scapes?  I've never tried them.
Loved the video, had to go back and watch one and two.... Great work... I learned lot .
Wow, finally got around to editing that footage huh? Is this the hoop house that you showed us how to put up with some trickery?
I like the farm series
Vino Farm: 100% Vampire free
First
