Benny Harvey RIP miss ye big man  Blahem
You make the perfekt video in the world how to made a videos.❤
Why do you use 1 cup parboiled rice?  I did make this and it turned out delicious! I just washed all 3 cups of rice together and soaked it for over 20 minutes.
How many cups of water did u put?????
Next time please walk us on how you make your chicken,with spices to obtain the soup
جربي مع سمنه او زبدة روعة
Where can I find the full written recipe?
Mad mad. Mad.  So delicious 😋
Can you write the ingredients bellow video?
This is my all time favourite lebanese dish! Looks amazing 😍
blahem
thank you for sharing these tips … it worked first time and the family loved it... reminded me of the old days in Lebanon … Shoukran Jazilan from Sydney Australia !
How come there is no onions in this recipe
That's a delicious recipe I'll make it soon. Thanks
Beautiful dish! Do you have a recipe for the chicken?
wow looks so delicious, keep going
great chef
Looking soo delicious yummy
The fat should be drained from the  cooked beef...
The basmati rice cooks much faster than the parboiled rice.
I love this food   I love this also with the fish 😋😋
Hi Lina, thank you so much for the most useful videos that you make..I was wondering if we can make this dish with maggi chicken cubes? And would that be a less fatty option? Thanks a lot!
Cooking Time for Basmati and parboiled is different
Thank you so yummy love your recipe from Indonesia
Lina I love watching you cook,  I love all your recipes but I wonder why your last posted recipe was 3 years ago.  Are you not posting anymore?  I hope you will post some more delicious recipes.
Thank you for sharing! cheers from Canada :)
حبيت طبخك كتير بس ما عم بفهم عليك انكليزي لغتي فرنسي يا ريت تشريح عربي او فرنسي
Some Arabic friends--from Jerusalem--use the word snober to refer to nuts that look very much like pine nuts. Are these the same nuts? Or are they slightly different?  Thank you.
this Cocking Arabic  I like it is Cocking
Well done
A well known Lebanese recipe .
> says vegetable oil > uses sunflower oil
What spices are in the all spices
Its a pleasure watching your channel.truly Yummy .....👍
very nice mrs ! i appreciate the clarity of explanations and good vibes
This looks soooo beautiful and delicious!!!
How much do we put of the spices
love it thx
amazing Lina , well done Habibti
amazing recipe  can't wait to try it
