Love this. Do you have a video of how you make those papers that you tear and paste on ? Do you have Instagram or Facebook?
That was just too much fun Karlyn!  Thank you for letting me understand more about art.  I need to know more about composition. What do you suggest?  Linda
You are not using the gold leaf correctly. Better read the instructions.
Wow, the finished product was very good. I wish we could have looked at it a little longer though
Hello what kind of glue I’d you use for the papers .? Not to the leaves, but the papers ..
Fantastically creative & elegant.
Wow thanks for all the tips , all the techniques are doing great help for my work.🥰
Oops the comment below was for previous video.  Just slow in typing sorry
Enjoyed but your audio was soft and no close ups.  Totally respect your craft but unless your interested there is little to learn .
I am so  happy to have found this video ! You taught me so much and have opened me to a whole new world of fun ! I absolutely LOVE your beautiful work
Very beautiful work!!!!
Thanks for you easy to understand video
Hi Karlyn.  Can you tell me what kind of paste do you use?  It's hard for me to understand what you are saying and do you sell it?  Thank you.
Hi, very nice video . do you use the sealer for goldleaf on whole project or only on the goldleafs?
Can you watercolour over the gold leaf?
Hola ,es una maravilla ,me gusta mucho ,lo podrías traducir al castellano y los materiales que se utiliza , gracias
Hi Karlyn,, gorgeous pieces, very inspiring.... May I ask what you use to seal the imitation gold leaf with??   I understand that it will oxidize (turn dark) very quickly if exposed to other acrylic products due to the copper content in it and the traces of ammonia in acrylic paint unless it is sealed well beforehand. Thanks :)
great art! enjoy your techniques
'
Np
At first ... I wasn’t sure but those turned out great!
Gelli pad? Interesting
Thank you for this demo. What is jelly paper? And can you give the name of the watered down paste that you are using?
Karlyn, so beatiful. Have you put gesso on the canvas before the procedure?
I love your work could you share what the glue is and that spay you used thank you
I’d love to hear more about your homemade papers- like what is the substrate? I think you could do a whole video on making your own collage papers! Your work is so lovely and the tutorials are very good!
Oh you said its imitation gold leaf at 33seconds, now I dont have to watch this video, thanks for the warning
very helpful
Thank you. Fantastic!!!
your paintingd are fabulous and very inspiring. thanks so much for sharing your tricks and tips 😊
soooo beautiful!!!!!!!
youre amazing (:
You're obviously having a lot of fun! I can't find the gold powder watercolor on the Daniel Smith site. Did you buy it before they changed to only carrying their own products?
Love this.  Thank you.
can u varnish the gold leaf
Karylyn can I ask you something please? I want to start painting should i start with oil paint or what paint is best to start?
Hi, can you do this over the painting (oil) or does it always have to be under?
I love love love I want to know a few things pleeeease could you tell me please the kinda paper that you were using and can you get different kinds meaning colors and designs and one more thing what was that glue you used for the paper. I love this I want to do this it is me please help me know the glue stuff and what kinds paper that was. Could I use tissue paper because they have really pretty tissue paper online. Karlyn thank you so much for making this video I love it. Any advise you can help me with it would mean so much to me. I suffer with depression and i love art this is something I really think i could get into but I live on a budget so any advise on products would surly help me. Thank you you are an angel.
What is the adhesive you use before you add your gold leaf? Love your work!
Beautiful, Love what you have going on here, I've attempted collage, never felt I was successful, you've inspired me.
Beautiful work! I picked up some gold leaf earlier today, and you've given me a world of ideas in just a few minutes. Can't wait to get started!
Thank you! Thank you thank you! It's a real created approach and I learned a loooooot!
Amazing =D
Really cool stuff and interesting seeing the different tools used.
Fantastic work.
This is stunning. Thank you!
Karlyn, great video! What type of spray are you using, it produces great bursts of colour? thanks!
Great video. Thank you so much.
Awesome!  Love what you are doing and a big Thankyou for sharing. 😊
Thank you so much Karlyn.  An absolutely fabulous video.  I learned a lot and your explanations are clear and inspiring.  What is the brand name of the base coat and glaze for gold leaf that you used.  I'd love to see more on your use of metallic leaf.
You totally delight me! Your just awesome !
I love it, Karyln!
Man, I'd like to visit your storage closet/barn!! what fun is this STUFF
Absolutely love it!
Karlyn I am new to abstract and have trouble with composition. You have a sheet showing different composition thumbnails. Where can one find a sheet of ideas like this.
Karlyn, are you working on watercolor canvas or regular canvas?
Wow!  Thanks for all the great ideas!!  Very inspiring. I actually have many of those products!  Time to have fun!!  Thanks again.  Lauri
