Helllo : ) What a fantastic video. This was exactly what I was looking. for. The only problem is I can't see how the picture frame sits on the wall. Yes I see you put the two nails on the frame, but what do they sit on? You mentioned it was a rental space so obviously you would not have put nails etc. in the wall  for that nails to sit on, so what is holding it up? Would be great if you could respond all these years later x as I can see a few other people have asked the same question. Again though, really great video : )
Very cool!
Wow, Isabelle, these videos are still so relevant for today. Thank you!
I would love to know where you got those panels from thats behind you in your video.
She is amazing!  I was wondering if she has any ideas for designing an office in expensive.
Wow Great idea 👍😍
Girlfriend, you make it look so easy!  I know that it would be all crooked if I tried...
very nice
I have to say， it's more expensive to buy these tools than to buy a picture directly.
You can learn more about it on woodprix webpage.
Great to see that... I made it too. Using woodprix handbooks :)
what do you call on that yellow box
How did you hang this picture frame to the wall ? . I didn't see any nail or double tape ? :O
Nice work, by the way what kind of lens and cam have you used?
Hi Isabel .. Ur ideas on space saving is amazing .. I am gonna use some of your methods and defi will keep u posted ..
Hi Isabelle, I love your projects! I want to learn to make these type of works for the house but I don't know in which tools I should invest first. Can you make a video on the basic, most used tools for us beginners? Thank you!
I'm always complaining I don't have enough room in my two bedroom 750 ft.² duplex to do crafty stuff! It's pretty amazing that you did all these projects in that small New York apartment! inspiring! Where did you learn all this?
great..but..at the end how did u humg up the frame to the wall..with out any support
hola, puedes encontrar este material en papelerias CCC o papelerias especializadas en materiales para artes, arquitectura, diseño de interiores; generalmente se ubican cerca de las universidades que ofrecen estas carreras, espero haberte sido de ayuda, que disfrutes tu proyecto!
¡Gracias por su respuesta, espero conseguir este material en mi ciudad. ¡
The material I put the image on is called "foam board" and that's also the same material I used to make the frame. The material that can be used to make a white board is called "thrifty white hardboard". Hope this helps!
Thank you!
Please, como se llama el material que uso como fondo en el pizarrón ?
Who says women can' do men works? You're inspiring!
Thank you!
very good
