Thanks to share knowledge =)
Thanks you made it easy!
Thank you, definitely helped with cleaning and disassembling my circa 2013 Camelbak Eddy.
i tried to open it with a screwdrive but i was using too much force, i slipped and i stabbed my hand with the screw driver really badly. i just got back from the docotrs :/
Super helpfull, thank you
What you use is special Torx. It is called Torx TR = Tamper Resistant.
Stupidest fucking design. WHY DO I NEED TO WATCH TURTORIALS TO LEARN HOW TO USE A WATERBOTTLE for fuck sakes
Hi! I don’t think anyone will answer but please please help me!! My waterbottle isn’t working no matter what! Whenever I suck on it, no water comes out, I’ve tried everything!! Any tips?:(   if you know how to fix it pleaseeee tell me, my moms gonna kill me :/
To split the cap dunk it in boiling water for a couple of minutes. then reattach it to the bottle (just for extra leverage) and the top and bottom parts will pop apart very easily. no tools or pry bars required. I didn't have an issue with the valve but was stripping the lid into all its parts in order to disinfect in boiling water and clean. Your video helped me understand what the screw did, and how the top and bottom parts came apart. Thanks
What kind of screw is in the lid?  I don't have any bits that match with the hole in the middle
Thanks for showing how the cap comes apart! It was REALLY stubborn, but I found that by jamming a flat-bladed screwdriver in the seam between the screw and the handle, it became much easier to slide forward. I think that big clip at the back needs to be pushed down for it to come out easier.
Why can't I drink from the straw?!
Just lift the air valve and blow into it vigorously
Using a small flathead screw driver to remove the torx safety bolt also works. Thanks for the comment linking to that YouTube vid!
Your video plus the on in this link on removing the screw without special tools made a complete success. https://youtu.be/doHYppOBbf4
This video helps a lot although I can't open it , it makes me give up earlier. Thank you , it's really hard to remove it without damage.
Any ideas on if/where I can buy replacement valve covers?
I have been trying to take the top part off for the last 15 minutes with no luck :( it just won't slide off like you said. :/
That's exactly what they did. Free.
Where can I buy a replacement air valve??? mine is cracked...
I can't figure out how to take the top part off of the bottom in order to get the air vent back in. Can you help me? Thanks!!
Tip: I have found that if Water get inside the cap casing it can prevent the air vent to work properly and a vacuum is formed when you try to drink from the bottle. Open the bottle. Remove the straw and shake the cap while pushing the air valve aside. When you get the water out of the cap it will work again.
Thx for your advice, we could reset the air vent back and can use the eddy again.
