I have committed to making a rag rug for a room in our house and was dreading all the sewing. I'm so grateful for this!
Genius. I love it.
Nice! But I was surprised to see the finished rug was rectangular! How...?
Clear and easy to understand, thank you. My only question is about the double stitches... how do we know where and how often to place them?
Very good instructions
Can these be washed in washing machine?
Best video out there
Wish you moved the rug underneath. Would be easier to see
Excellent...thanks
❤️ ❤❤❤love
So you didn’t need to add “stitches” to make the circle larger? This method seems very easy!
Best tutorial !!! Oh my word you make the process easy to understand, YES!!!😅😅
whoaaaa that method of joining new scraps in, with the slits, is so genius!!! 🤯
How do you keep your rug laying flat? I made a small rug & it almost turned into a hat or basket. I had to steam iron it to keep it flat but if I lift it up it goes back into a hat/basket type thing. I used cotton bedsheets for the strips.
Beautiful. Rugs❤
This was a great tutorial.  Thank you for sharing your knowledge!
This is the 6th video I have watched this morning in search for a simple rag rug tutorial that does not require a sewing machine (don’t have one) and isn’t crochet (don’t know how). Thank you for your clear instructions and perfectly paced demonstration that has given this newbie enough confidence to give this new craft endeavour a try. Thank you for taking the time to share. ❤
Oh my goodness ❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you.  Love the clear speech, no background noise or interference, you got straight to the point and stayed on it.  Others need to watch and take notes.  Seriously, well done and i can quit filling up tubs with quilt pieces, cleaning & grease rags.  I have a new craft project.❤🆒️
Fabulous tutorial, thank you so much. You made this very easy to follow and that's super helpful! Also, beautiful rug!
My rug is puckering in the middle and not wanting to lay flat. I am trying to keep the outer rows looser. Any idea what I did here?
Я плету 10 лентами.Круглые и квадратные.
Thank you for this tutorial! BEST VIDEO IVE SEEN IN MONTHS!!!😊
✨💕😍💕✨
Thank you so much! This is the most helpful video I have seen! Now I think I've got it
AMAZING ❤❤❤❤❤
I get the concept of the braiding in once it’s started, but how do you start? You said “once you have 8 to 10 inches, start coiling”. Would that leave the center of the rug coiled but not attached to anything? Sorry if my question is confusing or the answer is obvious. I’m just struggling to wrap my mind around the starting part
Really well explained
Aaamazing!! Thankyou lady xx how many hours to make a metre wide rug? With pieces about an inch wide??
Will this work for T-shirt material also?
Good video. Easy to follow except for how to Finnish it off. I will definitely try this. Maybe you just keep going until you have wall to wall rag carpeting.🤔
I love this technique and the rug is gorgeous! Thanks for the tutorial.
This is so easy and fun. Thanks for sharing it.
Thank you for your amazing tutorial! This is exactly what I’ve been looking for😊
Thank you for this! This is exactly what I was looking for!
Very nice work!!!
I really enjoyed wathcing that, you made it nice and simple and there just enough chit chat, you did exceptionally well :-) thanks for putting that out there. I shall now make one
THANK YOU!!! THE EASIEST RAG RUG TUTORIAL I HAVE FOUND. EASY GUIDED INSTRUCTIONS... WITHOUT ALL THE EXTRA VERBAGE!!!🙂
How do you keep beginning from unraveling?
Thank you it's so helpful iwant to make this 🥰
Hallellujah! Eureka! I've been watching and rewatching so many no-sew tutorials hoping to understand the process so I can begin a rug and, hopefully, have a successfully completed project. You have produced the most outstanding tutorial. I now know what to do and feel your instructions will provide me with the info I need to complete my first project. Thank you, thank you, and bless you!
I " love " this❣❣🥰
Those fabric combinations to "make" each color are amazing!
I was wondering what material do you need to be able to make braid no sew rag rug ?
Hi , I just watch ur video of braid no sew rag rug . It looks very beautiful.
Beautiful and exactly what I was looking for. Thanks!
Great video!! Question if we want to make a retangle  rug what technique to we use for binding together? Edges and corners? Thank you so very much!!
I am cruising on a rectangular version using this method, thank you for such a helpful tutorial! and by cruising, I do mean i'll be done by 2023 I hope! lol
Has anyone made this with t-shirt yarn? I think it would work okay but I'm wondering if the stretch in the t-shirt yarn would make the rug too loose and floppy.
Beautiful! And you gave crystal clear instructions! Thank you!
Excellent tutorial, thank you.
Excellent tutorial!! Thank you!!!
Great tutorial. I plan to try this! I wonder how important it is to start under? It seems unnatural and I want to braid starting over... I'll test first as maybe that won't work. Thanks for sharing!
Your rug is GORGEOUS!! Thanks so much for the clear instructions. I'm feeling very inspired!
This is by far the best, easiest tutorial video out there!  My sewing machine doesn’t have a heavy duty needle and I was looking for a no-sew method.  Thanks!!!!
Super helpful! There are some really terrible tutorials for this type of rug.  This told me exactly what I needed to know
I'll never throw old clothes away again! Thank you. I'm not very talented with crafts but I'm going to try this.
Absolutely gorgeous ❤️
Thought she was making a 2'x3' rag rug and at the end she pulled out a blanket big enough🌈 👀to cover Mother Earth ✌️❤️🙂
NEW OHIO FAN...I'm about to make my first rug...ANYONE got some  tips to share...PLEASE DO...‼️💯💙
I’ve started this and it’s adictive. If you trim the ends of your strips into a V shape with a flat bottom you don’t get those little flaps sticking up out of the rug. Really loving it.
That is gorgeous!
best tutorial I have found, thank you so much
Confusing
I don't suppose there is a video that shows more detail about getting the circle started. Good demo of the braiding technique and attaching after the beginning but I could use some detail besides "this is the hardest part".
Fantastic video! Thank you so much!!!
I was not prepared for the zoom out of the rug she is making here! It’s stunning! Thank you for the tutorial, I am excited to try :)
Get a move on. Like watching paint dry.
It's nearly 2am and I've suddenly decided that I want to make a rag rug for every room in our house. I love the internet. Thank you for sharing! This is a great tutorial.
That rug is fantastic. So glad to learn the 4 strand braid. So nice to see ways to reuse and repurpose.
🙏  thank you .😊
Wow! Just watched your video. What an inspiration! Beautiful rug. Thank you.
Wow such a great tutorial!! Thank you!!
Thank you, can I share this tutorial on my web site?  I just found a bag with a started rag rug in it, with all the fabric cut.  The problem with it was it started curling in and now it looks like a hat instead of a rug.  Maybe I can take it apart and start over using your technique.  Love the no sew aspect!  So clever.
Best
I'm excited to make this since my sewing machine is at my mum's place three hours away during a pandemic...D: Glad I can still try it out to have a soft place for my feet this winter. :) Thanks so much !!
thank you for this tutorial!   I have only one question before i start one: How do you secure the center coil.without sewing? It looks like you have about 3 rows coiled before you start attaching/braiding in the fabric. What do you do with the center?  Thanks!
Beautiful work and great teaching tutorial
Thank you for making such an easy to follow tutorial 💜
Hey Missy! I found this video by chance, glad I have found your hoop content!  Thanks for the tutorial! Hope to see you again soon ♡
It's beautiful!!! I want to make one or two or three.  So you used different types of fabric right?
Thank you for sharing.  I am going to try this.
So helpful. Thank you!
I love this style of rag rugs!! Easiest tutorial with no fuss or additional tools.  Would you be able to do a tutorial for a rectangle rug or a square? Going to cut strips tomorrow in preparation.  Thank you for sharing xxx
do you have a tutorial for making rectangular rugs?
Can this be done with 3 strands?
As I go around, the distance from the first strand to the 4th strand where I pull it through seems to become greater and the wrap wants to slide under  rather than staying up on the perimeter of the circle, In watching the video the distance is much less so I guess that means I should  not try to match my 1st strand with the same color.
This is one of the best tutorials I have ever watched. The instructions are clear and practical.
how much fabric did you use to get it that large?
Really beautiful! Thanks for the easy, straightforward tutorial!
Are you on facebook?
I'm trying to make a flying disc with this technique.. It's humping up like a bee hive..any suggestions
How do u make it come out so flat mine looks like a big sun hat for a giant
You are super good at showing how to make these rugs! Perfect!! Thank uou!
This was SO helpful! And what a magnificent rug! Love the rainbow!
I am so excited!
Great tutorial. No messing about straight in and how to do it. Beautiful reveal at the end too. Perfect.
Would using 3 strands work?
Thank you for a great tutorial. I have made one rag rug using crochet method which turned out nice. I like the look of your stitches or weaving and am going to try it. Do you think I could use some cotton and some denim together? If so, Would i be best to make denim strips a little thinner than cotton strips as denim is a bit sturdier? Thanks Annette from Australia
Thank you for this great  tutorial!  I love the idea of not needing to sew the braids as you go around, and it seems like it would be more durable than zigzagging as you go.  Beautiful example and lovely color mixes!
This is the tutorial I've been looking for! I knew there had to be one. Thank you.
Dy-na-mite! I'm gonna make a COVID-19 rug, lol. Your technique in making this rug is on point! I've seen other tutorials where there is sewing involved and had no idea it could be done without a needle and thread. Thank you for sharing this!
TY!!! 😊🦎🌺🌴💖
Less than 10 mins and I learnt more than I could  in 30 mins of endless chatter on other craft channels. Thank you 🙏
Hi Missy. I need help with my rug! It is not laying flat and I don’t know if I’ll be able to fix it or if I need to tear it out. One small section of the edge bumps up like a small hill. I’m going to try to send a picture too.
How much time you took ? Its so big rug
Very cool
I made a really cute rug using this method but it WON’T LAY FLAT!   It crunkles up into a floppy cone shape. How to make it not-floppy?
I have made a couple small braided rugs and hated how much I had to fuss with the sewing and buying thread! I started a new rug with this method tonight and I'm so glad I found this video to get me started!
oh i really liked your tutorial but I have a question....when we start the circle right in the middle we don't hold safe the middle...and maybe it will just be destroyed???...
Wow!
Thanks so much for this tutorial!! I can’t wait to make one
Holy crap! Those colors are amazing....love
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
This is beautiful. I'm going to teach my girls. Sad that gone are the days when women sat around a circle doing things like this together. God bless you.
Beautiful
Great tutorial. Thanks
Thank you for this! I have so many leggings and pants that tend to get ripped in the inners thighs because of how I sit, and I hate to throw them away. I finally know what to do with them now!
Great tutorial!  Thanks so much for sharing ❤️
I love this, you did a fantastic job of making this tutorial ♡
2019 as I am watching this and its by far the best rag rug tutorial for the no sew method. I am totally going to try this. Thank you.
Best tutorial I've seen all night! Thank you :)
Really good job on teaching. I love it!! can you tell me how many yards of fabric it takes to make a rug that size. I dont have scraps...thanks again..
I love this thank you for such clear instructions.
Thank you for such a wonderful tutorial. I tried it out however my rug turns into a bowl shaped structure and does not remain flat as it grows bigger. Can you please advise how do I  prevent it.
Merci je crois avoir tout compris même si mon anglais est loin d'être bon ...
If you don’t want  fraying consider cutting strips on the bias should take care of that... great tutorial... thank you
I actually love ur way it’s easy and u explain very well
Thank you for this tutorial. Soo helpful on an unfinished rug i was given and had no clue as to how it was done!
You did an excellent job explaining all of this step by step. Thank you so much!
I saw this video and I dont have to look on for others. Full of tips easily understood , video is slow enough to see every moves.  Thank you so much....
Really helpful! Thank you so much!
Thanks for the tutorial! What do you do with the loose strands at the end? Do you gradually tie them off or sew them in?
Thank you for the tutorial on this beautiful rug, you are very good at instructing and very easy to follow and I look forward to learning more from you! FIVE STARS :-)
beautiful!! this is the first and only tutorial im going to watch as you were so great at explaining!!
This is the best rag rug tutorial I have found. Thank you!
This is fantastic. Thank you so much!
Very nice.and easy to understand
I'm trying to make this and I'm having trouble stopping it bunching..I've tried just sporadically chucking in double stitches and when that didn't work, doing one every 3rd stitch and neither worked. Do you have any tips?
Thats so beautiful. Wow seriously you made that so simple to learn n I thank you for that. I really do. Thank you kind Mama!!! What a beautiful peice!
Thank you for the lovely tutorial! I'm going to give this a go using some old bed sheets. Could you give a general estimate of how much fabric is needed to make a 6 foot rug in diameter?
I tried for the first time tonight n didn’t come out!! I don’t know what I did wrong instead of a rug it lol like a bag lol
جميل
I have been working on my rug for a few hours and it is becoming concaved like a basket. What am I doing wrong?
SO BBEAUTIFUL & Inspiring!! xoxo
Thank you for the straight forward tutorial! It went over all my questions and was enough to restart this hobby I had when I was a kid.
My rug is turning into a bowl! What should I do?
Brilliant. After watching your video I’m definitely going to make one of these this winter. I knew I had held onto all those just Incase I slim down again clothes  for a reason. You make it look so easy. 😁 Thank you
You explained it so well. Thank you! I’m going to attempt to make my first rug.
How long does this usually take? Say, for a 4 foot across rug?
Excellent! Thank you!! ❤
Exactly what I was looking for! Thank you!
You are an excellent teacher! You answered questions before I knew to ask them. Thanks for that!
I really enjoyed your instructional video!!  You made it easy to understand and easy to follow. Thank-You SOOOO Much!!
Excellent tutorial. Congratulations and thanks for sharing. Really special, it's so difficult to find a coherent one.
Thank you for a simple to understand but comprehensive tutorial.  I love your rug, it has beautiful colours and look forward to making one to go in my daughters' room.  If it works out anything as wonderful as yours I will be wanting to do one for every room of the house!
Excellent visual and explanation. Clear and concise.
Best tutorial for rug braiding and I've watched a bunch!
I heard the crafter say the rags should be approx. 1" - 2" wide, but how long should the strands be?  I estimate 3'. Is this correct?
Awesome job...thanks so much. love it!
Your rug is beautiful by the way, absolutely stunning! I hadn't seen the end part when I made my last comment
This is the best chindi rug tutorial on youtube :) Thanks so much! Going to make a rainbow one for my son's room
Great tutorial! thank you!
This tutorial is fab- used it to make a wee rug today, though it is a little wibbly xD
How to start the circle fro the beginning? Thanks
This does not work on super stretchy material. you will end up with a bowl or a ball.
that little slit trick is exactly what i needed to figure out... thanks for posting!
Excellent presentation.
Best no sew braided rag rug tutorial in under 10 minutes! Finally! Thank you! Shared to Pinterest 💖🤗😎
You did a fantastic tutorial! Very easy instructions!  Great job!
Like everyone else is saying, THANK YOU! I have seen other videos on making these rugs but stayed confused on how to weave the fourth strand into the rug. This video made it easy to understand and I greatly appreciate that!
Beautiful, you made it so clear
YAY!! Great tutorial. My daughter is going to love this!!
Wow! That is brilliant! I'm going to give it a go! Thanks. Awesome 😁
I think these are super super cute!!!!😇😊😊🙃😀😃😆😁😄☺️
Do you have a video on making a rectangle rag rug?
Great demonstration!
OK. I'm trying to get this, but I must be missing something. Everything is working exactly the way you show, except that when I make the coil at the beginning, the center of the rug is not connecting to anything, so it pops out, no matter how long or short I make that first coil. Any advice?
The end result was beautiful!  Thank you.
The end result was beautiful!  Thank you.
I love, love, love this!  Thanks for a great tutorial.
Thank you so much for this tutorial. I've been looking for one for a while. Your instructions are very easy to follow.
Brilliant!!!! you just saved me hours at the sewing machine. I thank you. My family thanks you. Thank you so much for taking YOUR time to make this video to save ME time and hard work.
गाठ का जोड दिखाए
really god thanks so much
Thanks for sharing.Easy explanation.God bless you.
That rug is huge! Also, your instructions were very easy to follow.
Ooooohhhh my gooooodnesss!!!! That rug is gorgeous! Do you sell them! I would seriously buy that rug!
Hi great tutorial and have started a circular rug, however as the circle grows so do my stitches or loops...how do I cure this? Have tried putting the weave twice through the same loops...this adds stitches to the circle and helps..is this the solution?
Super good tutorial, you covered so many questions I had and have some good solutions as well. I am looking forward to starting my own rag rug soon (to use up all the extra fabric in my stash). Thank you!
How do you start the rug out? Thanks for the video!
necesito tutoriales en español para hacer estas alfombras.por favor
brilliant
Love the rug you're working on, fantastic job!  Thank you for the well made ez to follow along tutorial!  Best wishes to you and your family!
You did a wonderful job on your video.  It was so easy to follow and watch.  I just have one question...How would I start combining the fourth strand in if I were to do an oval shaped rug?
Lovely
Awesome and well done!  Your tutorial was so clear and easy to follow.  Just one little question...Where and how would I start incorporating the fourth strand if I were to do an oval shaped rug?
Thank you so much!  I was searching and had read several tutorials.  Yours was perfect!
wow your rug is so pretty ,love the colors
very clear to follow!
Beautiful rug! Great tutorial :-) I'm 65 and sewing is a bit hard on the fingers so this is just what I've been looking for! Thanks! By the way, can a 3 strand braid be used instead of 4 strands?
Such a helpful tutorial!  I was shopping for a rug for my rather large tent (not quite glamping, just a die hard, aging camper that's not yet ready to stop but in need more age-appropriate creature comforts). I was astonished at the prices these days for what used to be inexpensive outdoor/patio rugs. I thought since I enjoy DYI projects, why not make one. I the set out to learn how to make a rag rug and came across your tutorial. I love that yours is also for a tent!  I'm excited to get started. Thanks so much! And your rug is beautiful!
Great tutorial! I'm ripping up old shirts as I watch this. I've never done this before so I am so excited to see my creation. Thx! 😀🌸
Great tutorial! How long did it take you to make your rug? it's huge!
I saw the written directions for this on Mother Earth Website, but didn't understand the 4 strand braid method.... THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU !!! EXCELLENT video. You should be very proud of yourself. You have taught an old dog (62 yrs old) a new thing !!! I am extremely excited. KUDOS !!!
I've been looking at other instructional videos on how to do these without a sewing machine. Love the 4 strand braiding technique. Need to make a rug for the bathroom using old tshirts. Will be trying this. Really love the colors you've chosen, wonder if my boys would like a rainbow rug? Haha
Thank You.  Starting Soon.
Great simple tutorial. Beautiful rug!
Really great technique, you make it easy to follow. Love your tips, starting my rug today. Thankyou for sharing and I agree with Jean Strong below, none of that talk talk twaddle.
Nice rug. So bright and beautiful! Great tutorial. Thank you!
Wonderful tutorial and I've watched quite a few.  So many of them require the extra step of sewing and I love that you showed how to join colours without sewing, too.  Thank you!
Thank you, this is very clear and easy to follow! Do you have any advice for someone wanting to make an oval or oblong rug please?
Thank you. It was very informative. Easy to understand w/o lots of unwanted chatter into between instructions.
Best instructions EVER! Thank you!
Love this. Thank you. I've been looking for a new craft to teach my daughter and her Girl Guides group. What a great thing for guides. Your repurposing scraps fabric, or old t-shirts and making something usable and even sellable. Plus i don't have teach them how to sew. That's another project, for someone else. Lol
beautiful rug and instructions, can't wait to start my own, thanks for an excellent tutorial.
Wow, amazing :)  Nice rug! I will defenitely have to try this, already have some material ready.. Thanks for the tutorial, very good one!
Very nice tutorial! The instructions and video are really easy to understand, unlike a lot of other videos and sites on the same topic. I'm inspired to try this out! Thank you!
How long did it take you to make this rug?
Its more fun to watch than to do
Love the colours you chose. Tfs xx
Really good job on the tutorial!  Easy to understand and no talktalktalk like so many tutorials!   Excellent!
aa very good i  love it
fun! thank you 😄
That looks awesome!
