There is so much wisdom and experience in the comments you're casually making. I wish I was able to do more woodworking with both of my grandfathers. But I have their tools and have been putting them to good use because of videos like this. Thank you. New Sub.
I enjoyed your narrative as you go along the house build journey.  I also reflected when you mentioned some day when a person does decide to do something more to it, they'd appreciate the screws you put in the bottom so as not to damage it.  Couldn't help but reflect on people's change in thought these days, more specifically, they want you to purchase a new thing every time things go sideways rather than fix it. Well the commercial system is building things that way. Appreciate all your thoughts along the way, helps to work through projects, adjust and endeavour to do the best we can as to our individual abilities.  Thanks from Saskatchewan Canada.
How awesome that you are making houses with the size of apartments that are important for the Purple Martin survival! Their numbers are already diminishing from pesticides and mercury levels where they winter in the Amazon basin. Providing the right size housing for them is the least we can do to keep them healthy, less prone to predators, and breeding properly. Way to go! Thank you, from a serious PM landlord. 😊
The entry holes look to big. 2 inch holes work great.
Holes are big and round and invite sparrows, purple finches and starlings. Also the entry is not at floor level. I thought the entry should be half moons that are same level as floor of the nest box
White pine for less weight? Cedar oil seals it…great project!!!
Thank you
I always wanted to make them purple Martin birdhouse after seeing the great job you did Sir you did a wonderful job. And thanks for showing me how I don't want to make it exactly like yours but it'll be similar. Great job.
BEAUTIFUL BIRDHOUSE
If you're doing this for making a profit, you use fence boards and no dados (finishing nails), making it easy to clean and get the sparrows (or pigeons) would be the added hardware. Some kind of low cost way to put it in a large tree or on a building for $30 or so would sell well.
Beautiful work,I have a similar 12 compartment 2 story Martin house made out of aluminum,but the sparrows got there first and been there ever since.Wood always requires a lot of maintenance though in our neck of the woods.
Can anyone tell me the size of holes this gentleman installed, some birds are particularly fussy on that feature
Great bird house
congrats beautiful project
looking to rebuild a large birdhouse for my mom. Can i ask if you have any suggestions for upstate new york climate?
I\'m not sure but ,if anyone else wants to learn about building a birdhouse try Tarbally  Bird House  Tactics ( search on google ) ? Ive heard some decent things about it and my buddy got great success with it.
Awesome Multi-Family, did you start charging them rent yet? Lol
have restored a few of the old ones and they are heavy lots of rooms, strange birds everything has to be just right for them, great job on the box it looks good god bless
Beautiful
Great job
Do you have a materials list for the purple martin house? Looks great and seems easy enough to build. Thanks
Broteri food in food house
What’s the best way to mount it to a large  15 foot wood or metal pole?
Very nice birdhouse but it seems labor intensive. I understand the strength part but why finger joints? Seems like a lot of work. Butt joints or even 45 degree angle would've been suffice with glue and screws. I noticed in one of your comments that the roof already failed. For my birdhouses (sometimes) I use roll roofing material that I cut into 2 inch strips and over lap them to make it look like roof shingles.
What kind of wood was used
awesome birdhouse well done Mate
Do your research. On hole size. Definitely not round holes.  Starlings will kill the baby’s. Cleaning will be required for every cycle of chicks. This will need doors to open with. Removable nest boxes
That’s  awesome 😎 , soon as I recover from my surgery I’m going to make two!! I have like over 50 love birds 🐦. What I  envisioned, and made, already is , I call it  the hotel 🏨 . It was a book shelf 6’ + 4’  anyway I divided it up into little boxes with 3-4” ledge for the birds to walk on , the ledge  serves as a handle so I can pull em out and clean em  ,. Came out pretty cool 😎 I impressed myself! Thanks 🙏
Very good work
Thank u
Thank you for sharing your video. Im going to do the exact one but im going to add some designs on the roof and also and a bird feeder for them with a design fence around and a detachable sm water bowl 😉😊
Very nice indeed...BEAUTIFUL....
Do you have a plan for the birdhouse can you please email me at kyle.girardin39@yahoo.com
now thats a bird house and a half super job
Where can one purchase a birdhouse like this one
Perfect 👌🏻  Can you share the design on pdf or auto cad or handwritten? I want to do the same 😀
I love the design. If your house becomes full you can always at layers.
Nicely done mate.
Holes are to big. Put a board on the inside and cover top half of holes or you'll only attract sparrows.
what kind of birds can go To this Bird house?
thank you sir this will help alot
WOW, this is actually what I have been looking for.  Making a gift for my mother-in-law.  Thank you..
I've found great handbook on Woodprix website. Good solutions for everyone I think
beautiful birdhouse,
Do you have written plans with dimensions for this project.  I would like to build it. Thanks
Did you ever get Martins in this house?
hey ,if anyone else is searching for build bird houses try Stiklind Aviary Plans Fixer (should be on google have a look ) ? Ive heard some decent things about it and my co-worker got great results with it.
Very very very nice job, really very good idea.
I love uour work! Amazin maker!
There are several factors in creating an amazing design. One plan I discovered that successfully combines these is the Aviary Magic Method  (google it if you're interested) definately the most helpful course i've heard of. Check out this  great resource.
I have spent months studying building an aviary and discovered a great resource at Aviary magic method  (check it out on google)
Could learn a lot from You Sir! How long do these last? Do not know of these birds but You sure do a good job. Just got into this hobby and am looking forward to do more. Richard in Australia
Thank you
Love the video just stumbled on the channel and subscribed.
There are a few problems with your box BUT you are a true craftsman and you do beautiful work!!!!!
Lovely sir
Nice looking bird house. Just wondering why there’s no vent holes in the house for air ventilation.
you did a great job sir.  I love it
Bravo Zulu, Cdr Chase!
I\'m not sure but ,if anyone else wants to learn about build your own birdhouse try Debuncar Amazing Aviary  Aid ( search on google ) ? Ive heard some pretty good things about it and my cousin got cool success with it.
hello new sub, nice video, I may have to try 1 of these. I wonder if the bottom tenants will cry about the upper level making noises @ 3am in the morning like calling the Bird police....haha  thank you for sharing
This was great, thanks, I been tryin to find out about "make a birdhouse" for a while now, and I think this has helped. Have you heard people talk about - Daniliana Birdfly Babar - (should be on google have a look ) ? Ive heard some pretty good things about it and my friend got amazing results with it.
Very nice video as always. I read all the comments so far and can add nothing new. Just great job. I love it all. If I were to make one to sell or give away, I am too lazy to finish it with paint or stain hahaha. Plus, as you say, there is a big controversy about what kind is best for the birds  as a big factor, in addition to weatherproofing.  You made me laugh the other day about the "likability of the heathen" question. I am way to old, with too many sins on my own plate to even begin to judge others. Your relationship with the creator is your business, I only see my own short comings and cannot be bothered with yours. Plus, there is that ex-wife issue: she has not covered and hidden how I lived my life and mistreated hre. hahaha  I stopped drinking the Cool-aid too late. She had already remarried. The point is, I do not have a unblemished history and even today, I am not what you would call "pure as the driven snow." Thanks again for reading and interacting with me on facebook. Most of my friends will not touch my FB story with a 10 ft pole. (I don't blame them)
The box joints and cedar oil stain you used give the whole bird house a log cabin type look which really adds a lot to to overall appearance. I like the latches and removable partitions for easy cleaning, which is something I wouldn't have thought of but makes a lot of sense. Come springtime, I'll bet there will be a lot of Purple Martins moving in to their nice new home.
When I saw what you were building I thought, "how can he make a whole Memphis Monday out of a Martin house?"   I should have known better because there was so much to this build that I think you could have done a couple of "Memphis Minutes" to explain the steps that got left on the cutting room floor.  There is some added structure to make the stacking more secure.  I would have loved to see how that was done.  Also, it would have been good for us novices to see a little more detail on how the dividers went together.  You really put a lot into this build.  It is a far cry from a frame with a bunch of gourds with holes drilled in them being used as nests.  I always thought those porches were just for looks.   I never realized that they were to protect the little ones from falling out of the nest.    You mentioned a couple of times about the weight.  Have you since thought of a way to reduce the weight and re-engineer your bird house to make it lighter?  Were you able to lift it all the way up on your telescoping pole?   Are you keeping this or is it going to your buddy's house?  I hope you are having a great week.  Turkey day is around the corner.  I hope you have a big day planned.
Looks great. I like the cedar oil color.
