Rye OMG yes!!!!!!
Not bad for my first try. Thanks to your video!
I'm behind with the times but THANK YOU for a sourdough by feel video. I found this just by searching "sourdough by feel" and wasn't sure what I'd find. Who knew PHC had a video already on it. I cook most everything by feel and can't deal with recipes. This was fantastic. Thank you!
Did I miss the measurements?
How much starter, how much water, how much flour total?
It's cool to see how this channel evolved. While 6 years ago there was no given scientific autolyse explanation, that is something you can see from this channel in more recent videos (with pictures!).
For my first try I used another person's method-- bad result.  I used Mike's method to the "T".  Most excellent results.  Mike's observation "getting up in the morning to put the proofed loaves into the oven is great.  But bringing out a loaf with an oven spring as desired is priceless."  Thanks
Anyone else here from the Fleetfoxes ep playlist
Everything was perfect about that video. :)  I know how to make sourdough, I've been doing it for years.... however, I'd gladly sat there, listening to you tell me how to do it, step by step with that dreamy music playing to the perfect dance that is bread making.  I totally felt it. :)  P.S.  I was happy to see your blackened bottom of the loaf and pot, because mine is the same, lol. :)
You neglected to give amounts?
Bought Mike G's course for my hubby, he makes weekly bread now!  🍞
how you get the consistency you want? i dont get it
I like the way you think!
My starter doesn't float.. I have been feeding it daily.. what do I do now?
If you want to make it sweeter, do you add sugar? If you add sugar, do you use salt also? I am trying to make my own recipe for bread with a pumpkin purée sort of swirl in it and I want it to be sweet but I’ve never made sweet sourdough bread before.
Mano, adorei o vídeo, mas lava esse fogão cara, sério
Just 1 question.  The next morning, take the dough out from the fridge, right? Then, do you have to wait for a certain time before it actually goes into the oven? Thank you. 🙏🏻
this bread looks BEAUTIFUL! I have to start to make my own levain at home ASAP
Watching this man make bread at 2am is the hardest thing in this world.
Chopin..nice choice! That performance is different than the one I know, which is more of a swing...both beautiful. Love the vid..cheers!
Ive been doing a bread flour that is malted with barley. I love muffuletta on mine
Since becoming OBSESSED with your videos for the last month or so... I came across this video which inspired me to make a starter... which should be about ready... I'm half excited and half wondering what the heck I was thinking...  but the journey has been pleasant... and I love your no stress approach... some of these channels had me 😱 scared to make a move...
What a masterpiece
Watching this video after watching your more recent sourdough videos...You've come a long way in 4 years. I'm hoping my first sourdough loaf, in a couple weeks, looks half as good as this one did.
How do you slap and fold like that? My attempts get too mushy and too stick to work with. Is it my technique, my flour or my ratios?
Is this how ancient people's made bread? Or a modern method?
What happens to the yeast?
easier then all those  complicated long recipe. Thank you. Fun watching you
Ok this video saved my my sourdough bread making pro home cook career. The whole starter floating first was a big help. I'm not a great baker (rule follower) so no recipe aka by feel is right up my alley. Thanks!
How can you decide how much starter you need?
OMG I MADE BREAD BY FEEL LAST WEEK and it turned out ok!
Oh really... no measuring of water to flour ratio? Just by feel? What if a new person like me is trying "the fuck" how to figure this out! Totally Ridiculous
The big problems with baking sourdough bread is that you eat up the whole damn thing too quickly. I am a chef that have cooked all my life and really love good food, but bread! If i could only eat 2 things for the rest of my life it would be sourdough bread and butter! I am serious, i have always loved good bread in general and sourdough bread in speciality! It is something addictive to that tart breadtaste and that wonderful crumb and crust! I can actually feel this taste even when not eating it! Sourdough-bread, butter and maybe some good Gruyere cheese! Heaven!! Its just amazing that flour, water and salt can transfirm to simething soo delicious. I have never used a dutch oven. I just bake on a sheet and a tray with water, or in a breadpan, cos my girlfriend is not that keen on a dark crusty crust that i am. Avocado is good on bread, but i prefer just to put a thick layer of butter on my sourdough
This is awesome. I've been amping myself up to attempt sourdough. Question: don't you autolyse without the sourdough starter now? Just the flour and water? Then add salt and starter? I've seen so many videos and your process keeps evolving. I miss bread baking and never have attempted sourdough. Thank you for your content!!
I actually only continued to watch because of the lovely Chopin music...
WOW! I have enjoyed sourdough bread and almost been put off after looking at other videos; re evaluating because of your input here. THANK-YOU! Not gonna give up on sourdough!
Awesome! I love sourdough bread! Give me a way to try. I so appreciate it
I FART ON MY BREAD TO GIVE IT MORE POP
In other videos and in your website you've asked to autolyse without starter. But you've put in the starter here? I'm confused
Great boule! Especially without a recipe. You should put some gluten free flour in the bottom of the dutch oven to prevent sticking. And i like to use 2/3 strong white flour with 1/3 wholewheat, it gives a lovely crumb.
Mike, wow, I just watched like 5 of your videos. I started fermenting hot peppers, Fresno's jalapeneno's with the hottest being Habanero's, making them into hot sauce and salsa's. I started this around May. I LOVE fermenting, I'm addicted like u! I just did bottle #112. It's SO FREAKING awesome! I LOVE your videos. Though u aren't as funny as Brad u are way more informative and much more enjoyable than the Chili Chump.....no disrespect to any of those guys. U just present the information perfectly for me! I am SO excited to try making sourdough bread.....I LOVE sourdough as I love sour beers.....which will be my next adventure after the bread. Anyway thank u so much for these videos!!! Best, Todd
Thank you so much. God theres so many sourdough videos but they all require kitchen scales and kneading hooks and let it proof for different times exact measurments or else itll be ruined and all claim to be the best and blah blah. This is so much simpler, so much of cooking is just by eye and knowing what to look for
I really like your video too!  I started baking in Jan and spend hours reviewing videos and recipes online. I started baking every day, then every other day, now once a week cause I’ve run out of space in my fridge and freezer. Unlike cooking, baking is a science so to save time, now I check ingredients and ease of use, but I really look for comments about tastes. Who’s tasted this and would make it again? Thanks!!
Question: are you supposed put the loaf in the oven cold after the overnight proofing or have it sit on the counter to get up to room temp?
Fleet Foxes brought me here....
Awesome breakfast idea! :)
Ever thought about cleaning your oven’s glass?
I love how other than the basic ingredients in sourdough bread, there seems to be untold variation in the steps involved.
I am just wondering ... when you feed your starter, you feed the whole thing ...? not just some part of it?
Thanks!
Can you show to make sourdough just from the beginning,please
Making sourdough right now. Didn't do it anything like this. I will probably try to incorporate some next time. No regerts.
This video is a masterpiece
definetly my favorite fleet foxes song
Really really deliciuos bread in the world I'm watching that.
It's good things bread.
I saw many sourdough recipes but all of them were about precise measurement and timing but this one is just so organic and natural.. loved it..
Not bad
Great video bro
The "wild yeast" comes primarily from the flour itself, not the environment. That's an old myth. Otherwise, a really nice video!
my starter smells like rotten dead fruits, is it safe to use?
So the guidance is.......don't measure anything, just guess at it. Thanks a lot.
My favorite part about this is no measuring.  I made sourdough rye for years and never measured.  I love the way he loves his bread making.  Now, I'm trying to make it with unbleached all purpose flour.  I hope I'm doing the right thing...  so far mixed results.
Delicious! Thanks for this. I need this encouragement to take my courage in both hands and try one.
The towel you use to cover the dough looks wet, it is? :o
salt is your only flavour enhancer? how about fermentation? im not watching any more of this video. this channel is great but I dont agree with some of this stuff and ive lost interest.
they dont live for hundreds of years. you feed it all the time, nothing about it is old except maybe if there a story behind it.
If you don’t want the bottom to darken faster than the top, just place a sheet tray under the pot.
I love it its kind of like bread meets crumpets lol when I make it anyway.
Funny story: This was the first sourdough video I watched; probably more than two years ago (it was a great help). I was not following you yet. I recently really got into your channel. Today I remembered this video and I wanted to rewatch because I just remember it being really soothing for some reason. I was so shocked to realize it was you!
does white flour include white bread flour?
It's cool to watch this video rather than the newer ones as Mike's in his kitchen without all the specific equipment. He uses a normal bowl and tea towel, a sharp knife. The most expensive thing he uses is the Dutch oven. Sourdough bread can look a little exclusionary from the beginners point of view but it's really not.
The best recipe for sourdough bread is at (A COOKBOOK COLLECTOR).
I’m on day five and I still only have bubbles. No rise.
No one is talking about the fact that he’s interviewing himself in the beginning hahaha
This is the best bread recipe that i have  ever seen
This video as well as the perfect sourdough loaf vid truly inspired me to start making bread. thank you for being such a great teacher and demystifying the ways of breadmaking!
It’s amazing how your process has evolved over time.
Nice job!
Slap and fold is kneading I'm completely confused now.
That was perfectly well done you are the best so far that I have seen and I have seen a few of them thank you much
8:53 😍
Been teaching myself how to do this and fine tune it . This helps with the timing and  kneading techniques. All my mistakes were perfectly eatable even though I forgot to do something every time I made it.
Ok. You Take a lot of time to make a superb bread and then you toast it??? For me personaly a fail... It's like destroing  a 20y Scotch by putting ice into the whiskey. 😖
you shouldnt eat burnt bread, meat, etc anything else
I just fell in love with bread making! Awesome video. Very well explained. Great results.
Thank you so much for all your hardworking 🙏
Music is too loud, but everything else is wonderful :)
Love it. Amazing. Thanks for sharing mate.
Yeah that's a lot of salt. I use 8g for 1.5kg of dough. And why not add the salt into the water? It won't kill the yeast and it will dissolve better.
So, I notice that there's no bulk rise with this recipe. I'm doing my first one according to one of your schedules (more or less) and wondering what the difference is if we don't do the bulk rise. (I'm doing it.)
RIP that yolk at the end
Waltz in B minor op. 69 No. 2 (Frédéric Chopin)
Hey, is it hot and humid where you live? Do you have AC on? I fear that the slapping folding technique won't work as good for me... im living in Honduras and its pretty hot and humid here all the time.. i think the dough might be too sticky for that technique.. what do you recommend?
Damn. I had to eat some sliced store bought white-bread while watching this.. it tasted great! :)
It's my understanding that if it springs right back its under proofed. The dimple should stay in somewhat and spring back slower.
This bread seamed very dehidrated at first
I've watched many videos on this process and you are the best alchemist. Kudos, I've subscribed.
The music choice made me feel weird about this video, like, I love the bread and everything but it just feels tragic to make sourdough now
Why always in the fridge and no outside or even in the oven? Is over proofing really a thing??
The dough sticks extremely to my fingers and it takes forever to remove it. Any tipps? Greetings from Germany. Great Video!
Hello great video. I've been baking regular types of bread for years but never did sourdough but have to try it got my starter made can't wait to see what's possible thank you for your great videos and inspiration
just made my starter tool 9 days love it cant wait till i make my sour dough bread...
Mike can you do a gluten free sourdough sometime?
Would you use tipo 00 for sourdoughs? As the primary flour not the starter.
You burned your lower crust, fail!
What I have to do if the starter doesn't float?
Hi!! I need help! I did everything like in the recipe, and I put in the refrigerator overnight and the bread didn’t grow anything!! Is in the same size! What could have gone wrong? What can I do now?
Just wanted to say thank you for this! It really made everything much simpler and more enjoyable. While my bread results weren’t the best, it definitely boosted my confidence and gave me a large loaf that lasted me 2 weeks! Love this video 😁  Edit: they weren’t the best because my starter is pretty immature and I didn’t let it crisp over for long enough. Nothing to do with the technique at all!
Standing Ovation great instruction
wow - that is burnt AF.
I just made my first loaf of bread ever using this video as inspiration. It turned out fantastic.
Dear Michael, thanks for such a cool video! My sourdough bread was sooo-successful :)
so i made some starter after the covid run on all bread in my town and wouldnt you know this no recipe video give me the best recipe.
1:36 How much starter, 1:59 how much flour??
Amazing
I'm super hungry now...
Hello, my name is Dan Berkey. I live in the Bronx. I'm an amateur cook, but NO WHERE near your proficiency. I've learned an enormous amount watching the videos. I was particularly drawn to the sourdough videos, when I began my sourdough journey two months ago; it's been an incredible trip. Yeah, I've had my share of 'fails,' but after I watched this 'by feel' video, I decided to give it a go, and I produced the best, by far, loaf to date. I had been having considerable difficulty with the usual melee with over-wet dough. After I watched this, I added my flour little by little into the starter-water until I obtained a workable dough; meaning, it wasn't running all over the place. I did exactly what you did here, the slam and fold with the appropriate rests, then the pull and fold. I put it in the fridge overnight and baked it immediately the next morning. It swelled elegantly and the crumb was amazing, far better than any other attempt. So I wanted to thank you for this video. I was a game changer for me. Cheers!
I wanna slap some real butter and a couple of slices of Gouda cheese on that bread. :P
As a german, this type of bread is my normal every day bread. But I really missed this bread while I lived in other cultures ㅠ.ㅠ
That was so sexy I’m surprised it’s not tagged NSFW.
with all due respect, I tried this recipe after trying the NYT one and this one failed horribly. I think beginners like myself need more of a real recipe.
Is the white flour bread flour or all purpose?
You have shown me another wonderful world, making sour dough bread,  THANK YOU SO MUCH!  life is such a grand adventure... I love your sense of humor too.
Wish you talked more about how to do the starter. I've searched your videos and can't find anything
This is the best, and I mean best, video on sourdough bread I’ve seen. Thank you.
3 lies/myths at 0:56  1) Packaged yeast is still yeast and IS a living organism, so it's far more practical than making your starter. The fermentation in the starter is what matters, as it imparts taste (sourness) to the dough. 2) No, you DON'T collect microorganisms from the air. The yeast from the starter comes from the flour, that's why you have to use wholegrain or rye flour, as these are unbleached. Don't believe me? Put your flour in the microwave (irradiate it) so as to sterilize it and THEN try to make starter with it. It will never work, because you've killed all the microorganisms that would go into the starter and are NOT in the air.
How could I bake sourdough without dutch oven? Would leaving a tray with some water for about 20min in the oven work?
you breadmakers are the real shit
with 30% rye you'd be lucky to get much more open crumb than that, pretty good.
There are some ways that the method and technique which you demonstrate here is different from the directions on the “perfect loaf” website.  I’m going with the website and see what happens.
Oh for fuck sake..... it's a loaf of bread!!!!! Fuckin hell!!!!!
I recently saw your interview with Paul in the Fermentation Summit.  You've inspired me to try making sourdough starter and sourdough. Looking forward to watching your other fermentation videos! Thank you!
He interviewed himself I’m dead
Thank you
I liked the video in general but as a baker i have 3 things i need to say you:      1: Please clean the glass window of your oven, it don"t takes to much effort.   2: Clean that dutch oven.   3: after cleaning that dutch oven grease it whit some lard or butter before you add the dought , because the base of it got scorched  black and that is not a sign of a good bread .
Don’t know why so many people on youtube make sourdough so complicated. Patrick Ryan from ilovecookingireland has the easiest recipe that only takes about 7 hours that turns out beautifully. None of this multi-day, millions of slap-and-folds stuff.
what is the water to starter ratio?
i tried making starter many times and every time about a week in after doubling it dies :/ is it my tap water?
It’s confuse... how much of water, flour and starter goes? Please?
Why don't you mention the ratio of active starter/water/flour you use once it's established?
are you in the UK, chef? Check out aircookforyou.com where you can share recipes, advertise your meals and turn your passion into income!
I used to get burned bottoms too, then I switched to a stoneware baking Cloche much better.
Whats the name of that iron tool with the wooden handle (3:56) ?
IF IT AIN"T DUTCH, IT AIN'T MUCH ;)
That breakfast was perfection!! I learned how to make this bread from you videos and today is the day I will bake it. Can’t wait
how do you prevent the burning on the bottom?
Wow! 👏👏👏👏 I’ve been looking and looking for a recipe that doesn’t call for so many grams of this and so many grams of that.  Because people have been making this bread for hundreds of years and you know the pioneers didn’t have to get a stupid food scale off amazon to weigh the ingredients.  Well done, I cannot wait to try this
After the dough has risen inside the bread basket, you do not show how you actually take it out and how well it holds its shape. In my case, the dough is a bit like a water filled balloon and does not hold any shape, unless firmly supported on the sides, for example the bread basket. Something therefore happens between the time we place the dough inside the basket and into the fridge and many hours later when it has risen fully. I have baked dozens of loaves and while they come out almost perfect after baking, the dough never holds its shape in the way it appears on your video. Can you please explain what part of the process allows the dough to hold its shape together after removing from the basket?
If I start in the morning...can it proof and be baked later in the afternoon? Do I HAVE to proof in the fridge for best results?
What hydration is the dough used for this video?
Has anyone done a baking test showing the results of using commercial yeast vs. homemade starter yeast? I'd be interested to see if there really is a noticeable difference. Perhaps have a blind comparison so that those judging the two loaves won't be told which loaf used the commercial yeast.
Toasting fresh sourdough bread? You're a heretic.
Thank you! You taught me! I made a loaf! Usually I pinch.... sorry.
I was excited to try this. My starter was frothy but when I dropped some in water it didn’t float.  I guess I’ll go ahead and see what happens.
this dough is poorly hidrated,sorry
My regards from EGYPT
The yeast in starter comes from the flour not the home environment. This a very common misconception.
That yellow book on the shelf behind him, Fab, about Paul McCartney? I've a copy. Good read.
You had me at Sourdough - then you added avocado.  My fav!
My starter is triple size, has a nice smell but does not flow. Can I use it to make bread?
Try parchment paper under the dough in the Dutch oven:  the bottom won't burn, nor will you ruin your pot.
Do the baking time change if you do not use a dutch oven?
This is how we make our bread 👍😊 but we don't add salt like thst but in the water instead.
Put some salmon on the avocado and then put the eggs on, I guarantee you'll love it.
Help! After 20min my bread is still super pale not brown like yours at all what am I doing wrong?
I just finished a loaf using your instructions.  By far the best loaf of sourdough bread I've made so far.
i wouldn't toast sourdough bread. American Toast can be toasted. Or old bread. But freshly baken bread doesn't need that. It feels like destroying the freshness.
Bruh, did I just watch a 10 minute video on how to make avacado toast?
Bit dense for me.
What's the best way to bake without Dutch Oven?
Influential
Air pockets too small my friend. You literally said to not knock all the air out, as you proceeded to knock all the air out. Lol
Thanks
Great video!
come to italy then you will rethink about this... I'm sorry man, still long way to go, baking requires years and years of practice and learning. Keep baking :)
Sorry, but autolysing should just be with flour and water with no yeast starter at all.
Mill your own wheat berries!  Tastier, healthier, many times more cost efficient
I have a question isn’t white flour fattening is it better to use all whole wheat flour?
Hi, thank you for the video. can I ask some questions: If you underfeed? Yeast may die right? what if you overfeed? There may be lesser yeast molecules compared to flour molecules, that you may think there is not much going on. What if the water is more or less?  Why do I have bubbles (yeast) but the level of dough does not rise?  What if the dough gets sour enough that a little fly is hovering around? Would it not be unhealthy to consume? It does smell "sourer than sour".... After 2 full weeks of patient feeding twice a day, if I have a lot of bubbles - without the rise - and I try to float it on water, it does not float. It sinks down inside. Why!??  If my yeast does not float, how can I fix it and get it to float?     Can you  please help? Thanks!
Awesome 😋😋
Oh my gosh..lovely.
Most excellent way. I love it. No kneading. Awesome!
Sour dough corn bread
Please flower's, surely flour's
We make bread almost the same way.  Marry me? ❤️😃
You got burnt bread
teh doe should almost start smell alcohol then its ok -and 1 : 30 min is not enogh for taste -maybe if you are starving -and you dont need the salt ... amatuer
perfection for sure - best presentation !!!!!!
Better to lower the water ratio instead to put flour on the table do make the dough workable,  65% water is good to start. Not sticky, but not dry either. You can see in the video that he puts a lot of flour there, because mass was really sticky while he was slap and folding it
Ummm, actually the wild yeast doesn’t come from the environment, that’s a myth. The wild yeast is actually found in the flour itself. #TheMoreYouKnow
He sounds so high all the time xD
Thanks for  the video where can I get your recipe and the  stater  please
What happens if you don't slap the dough and just knead?
can i still make sourdough bread without a dutch oven or a cast iron?
You should not add more flour, when you are working the dough! You work it untill its not sticking. gives better taste, no dry bread!
Here is a challenge for you : make the same loaf but gluten free. Only then I will be completely wowed.
Beautiful artisanal bread accompanied by unmusical electric keyboard Chopin. Yikes
Gorgeous!!!
Are you not measuring? I made your bread yesterday just copying what you did it turned out good but I making it again today! I didn’t know the measurements
Why did the intro have me emotional? :’)
Something is going wrong for me - my starter floats, I do a 1:2:3 ratio with 30% whole grain, ferment over night for 15 hours, my dough pillow just doesn't get all airy and puffy like yours. This is my third try and I see that other people leave their dough to "proof" outside of the fridge for 3-4 hours, should I try that after the slap and fold?
I always feel bad for the dough when we start slapping it 😁
I don't use the slap and fold technique. I use the 'buy the bread from a shop because I'm lazy as fuck' technique, and i have to say that it worked well.
When you say that you are putting a kitchen flour on top of the towel on top of the bowl, what do you mean? You say you are proofing this baby, but what does that mean? It is a bit strange here. What kind of flour are you sprinkling on the towel?  Still. I love you.
I love you, Mike. I love the truth you present even if you don't always do a good job of presenting it. It just makes me want to call for you to do a better job. Truth is truth, and video should portray it. Do that. You are presenting people with the choice to do something bold and interesting. I hope that they take that choice.
*Ce pain wow 👌🏽*
in egypt villagers  made  this bread up to  nowadays .......i saw  since  70 years  ago........... it is called   wheat bread
Looks amazing but you lost Me with the avocado.
Okay I have three days off this weekend definitely making this
Wow! Beautiful video dude
Big deal... In Poland this is standard.
Thank you   Just a thought Let's get away from plastic especially single use.
💯
9:27 Egg shell
The yeast spores are in the flour. Your oven was too hot and therefore the bottom of the loaf burned.
Hello i make loa f but it makes hissing noise when i tr y to move it around the house from its tank it is quite aggressive and i am worried about getting too closed advice please
thankyou  - - You taught so many things on the simplicity of good food
Yum... I can't wait to try making this delicious looking bread. Thanks!
Awesome, i love it so much. Thanks
Bread making with Chopin played in the background..❤️
Hey :)  in the slap and fold, my dough is way too sticky to manipulate, how do you manage to make it corporate??
I came at the end.
don't you guys have to get rid of chametz before passover? I thought sourdough would be chametz so what do you do with your starter at that time?
Whoever you make that breakfast for is lucky....
Should'nt have watched this at 11pm 🤤
Almost everything in this video is wrong.
Is it possible to make leavening agent like sourdough starter out of just rice flour and water only?? And then use that particular one for making wheat bread??
nice work
proof 3x , and then, proof again! duh! i just mix my dough with the mixer, them, to the oven!!! it grows in the oven, and becomes a bread!!!
I wanna try how to bake sourdough.
Do you know what sourdough is thinking when you are slapping it ? - Slap me harder daddy ! Hahaha, Nice video!
no cheese??? and you let the yolk run out all over the place? the fucks wrong with you????????????????????????????????
Who picked the music?
As a home bread maker myself: well done making this gorgeous loaf!
this is great best how to on SD ive seen thanks
As a bread baker - that is ONE SEXY CRUMB!! 🍞😍😍😍😍
@5:44.. how to make your own ‘proofing basket’ - BRILLIANT !!  Wish I’d thought of that! 💡 😳😬👍🎉🎉🎉
This video helped me get my sourdough bread just right after many failures. For those who end up with a flat sourdough bread (not enough oven spring) try a lot more sourdough. My measurements are 300g sourdough 320g water, 500g flour and 10g salt. At first I was holding back on the sourdough amount due to being used to dry yeast. Other than that the slap and fold does not really matter that much it is the stretch and fold that matters more and I even go up to 6 times when I have enough time
Perfection.
too complicated, I'd rather go buy the bread.
I;d love to see how to make Sour Dough "Seeded Jewish Rye"
it saddens me that it takes two years to make this bread
Great video!
I love you
Easy-Off.
is there such a thing as the starter smelling to moldy?
would i still be able to make sourdough only with all purpose flour?
Hello, I am planning a pizza shop and I want to use a sourdough starter instead of commercial yeasts. I am stuck on videos and receipts for feeding sourdough :)  Let me explain to you what I understood and where I am stuck. Day 1 - x gr flour / x gr water Day 2 - Discard half of it and then add x gr flour / x gr water Day 3 - Same process with Day2 and add more flour and the same amount of water Day 4 - Same process with Day3 Day 5 - Same process with Day4 and add more flour and the same amount of water  let's say I have a strong sourdough starter and I can use it in my receipts. After that, I stuck :)  Q1 - Do I need to put sourdough starter in the fridge if I use every day? Q2 - Do I still need to discard half of it after 5 days? or just feed it the same amount of what I have used that day?  I just understand that. If I use it every day and after 5 days starter process if I use the 500gr sourdough starter I need to add 250gr water / 250gr flour that's it.  I don't need to store it in the fridge and I don't need to discard half of it. Am I wrong?
Mmmmmmmm..........
Some sexy hands!
sure wish the recipe was listed
no yeast, right? just the starter
It's like thumbs up again ... Duh!
How many hours before you sliced into it?😀
Soooo much extra flour.
shortest yet most helpful sourdough video i’ve watched
Although, I find it sad, that you'd have to put the slice of "FRESH" bread in the toaster, instead of "savouring" from its "freshness", and use a good butter with some sliced cheeze or ham with it, all in all, to each his own! Thank You for showing!
Genuinely, and utterly - " Top of the List"!!! Do you have a recipe???!!! Oh, I forgot, No Recipe , it says!!! You are the best!!!!
Hi - I'm a former baker from Denmark. Your sourdough bread look so beautiful, that I for sure want to try it ;-) Maybe my next project when I got my professional pizza oven ready. Got this oven month ago…
Awedome music man
If it’s fresh I will not toasted it ....Next day I will
wow!!!
your dough needs to be a lot wetter if you want a lighter, airier loaf.
Perfection
I can think of a couple better things "in the world". Still, looks good though.
This is my fav recipe.  You mixed 2 different flours to start the dough.  Can I mix WW flour with Almond flour?  Thanks, Edith
Way too fast, way too much flour.
Hello, when you prepare the starter from a piece of bread. Do you have to constantly put the same amount of water and flour over the course of the days or you can put less flour and less water in the last few days, I'd love to hear from you. Thanks
your an asshole
Thank you really nice video the music reminds me of the HBO series succession
I'm so excited! I had my starter at home back in Italy and now i'm in Berlin and i'm starting again from scratch. i miss my bread so much!
what if the starter does NOT float ?? </3
How do you know how much flour and water to use?!?! Also this loaf is burned on the bottom :/
Loved watching him make the bread, but the oom-pah-pah Chopin would render me unable to eat the results.
I am speechless.
Where's john and hank green
I've recently figured out bread and have started making it a ton I LOVE to bake and thinking about bread makes me happy But my family thinks its weird that I find it so therapeutic to knead the dough  They don't understand me     Tell me I am not alone
amazing video and recipe, but please, oh please could i come over to clean the oven???
Very much enjoyed all of this. Thank you.
If you are scrolling the comments to check if anybody noticed the eggshell that got fried into one of those eggs... it was noticed.. bhaha!!
Still too thick and dense. How does one create very large air pockets and bubbles? What is the right process to get starter yeast at maximum strength and what would the flour/water ratio be?
Looks so yummy
Great movie!  Thanks.
pleaaaaaase stop using metal utensils for dealing with live cultures!
Bread porn is right
OMG! FINALLY a SD~Starter video I can understand! Round 4 ...on attempt to bake... struggling getting mine to rise and confused on proofing , shaping,  proofing ,🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️baking  I think where i'm messing up...I'm proofing mine in my warming drawer at Lo covered with damp towel instead of refrigerator...?
harry and Hagrid at Gringotts)   hagrid: you didn´t think your parents would leave you with nothing  harry:😶      the vault was full of sourdough starter
It all looks good! Definitely will try the open face egg recipe!
ahem...........yum.
Hi guys ☺️ can any one please tell me what size Dutch oven is being used for the sourdough . Looking forward to all your replies. Vanessa
Love it!
I keep coming back to this video for tips and it's really working, my 3rd loaf came out almost perfect, just needed a bit more folding
baking is chemistry you cant make bread without it
1. 1:32 Add water & active starter to bowl - make sure starter floats - then mix together with fingers 2. 1:55 Add flour (2/3 white, 1/3 anything else) - more flour than water  3. 2:30 Mix together with hand until it becomes a homogenous mass 4. 2:38 Let sit for 30 min (autolyse) 5. 2:53 Add salt - lots 6. 3:06 Slap and fold for 10 min : slap down on table and use the stickiness to fold dough over itself 8. 3:52 Stretch & fold x 4, let sit for 10 min under a tea towel  9. 4:28 Repeat step 8 2-3 more times 10. 4:52 Form loaf : roll into a smooth ball with no seams 11. 5:33 Pop tea towel in bowl, add a little flour to the bowl, then add the dough and cover with tea towel 12. 5:50 Leave overnight in fridge 13. 5:12 Next morning : gently poke dough and see if it springs back (yay if it does!)  14. 6:29 Preheat dutch oven as high as oven goes (if you don't have dutch oven, pop some ice cubes in the bottom of the oven during first bake to introduce steam) 15. 6:55 First bake : pop dough in dutch oven / in oven and cut a pattern on the top with a very sharp knife, leave for 20 min 16. 7:26 Second bake : take lid off dutch oven, turn oven down to 350 Fahrenheit (176 Celsius) and bake for 20-30 min 17. 7:48 Leave for a few hours before you eat it ! :)
WOW !
Man, that Chopin waltz version you chose in the background is a massacre !
and no recipe??  hahaha..   u bread looks sooo damn great!!!!!   i bet it is very tasty!!!
How much flour you put in that while stretching & fold
Now we may know who disliked this video.....the French 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 great job man! I started to become hungry just watching this video.
bread needs salt for the yeast, of course, but young chefs have been drilled with cliches regarding the need for salt, - I'd say - Stay  aware, lifestyle and diet have a way of catching up with you, so be cautious with high salt intake, and lower it if possible - half salt and kosher salt are good replacements for regular salt. Stock is full of salt and so always consider caution your friend, and reduce salt where you can - your older self will thank you for it - eat well of course.
This video, the bread porn vid (the toppings, especially the toppings!) - I've only seen maybe a couple other places that expresses as well the joy of home bread making. These vids as well as Mike's sandwich series and his asian noodle soup vid is why I've rewarded Mike with taking his bread making course.
Hi. Thanks for the video. I have a question. Before slap and fold, How much time must pass to star with fold? Sorry about my bad english
*standing ovation* *clapping*
Rye is the real deal for the wild yeasts it attracts
That was great. Thank you.
That was satisfying.
Amazing
Too much flour
You should try adding caraway seeds in it. Thtat´s what we do in Czech with our bread. Really nais by the way!
the one thing i don't like about sourdough, douchy hipsters.
Wow beatifull
Man loved your video so well done great voice great music thanks heaps
👌👽👌
Ah man the egg yolk spoiled!   nahh good vid man :)
Wow! Your content is so amazing. This makes wanna bake a bread, lol!
Thinking something is healthier because of fermentation is a misconception. Salmonella also "ferments" your food, and the waste is TOXIC. Yeast is also fermentation.  Sourdough, like yeast, is pretty much neutral, it's not much better or worse for you than eating the flour directly.  It's not like we even need those "health benefits" things like sauerkraut gave us, which had vitamin C in it which prevented scurvy on long sea travels back in the 18th century. You eat a single slice of lemon a month (and an otherwise normal diet) and you're completely fine.  What's "healthiest" isn't necessarily what you eat, but what you DON'T eat. You can eat an apple (given you're not allergic, like me) but eating six is a bit excessive and will start to get detrimental for your health.  You could die from vitamin A poisoning from eating liver, it has happened before. If you don't eat it you'll go blind however (so eat your damn carrots). High cholesterol is one of the main causes of death in not only the western, but also developing and third world. Without cholesterol your cell walls would solidify and be rendered useless (meaning: no cholesterol=no life possible).  The pseudo science in cooking should really just go away. Educate yourself with some scientific articles, or don't mention it. Like if you're not a lawyer you shouldn't be giving legal advice, if you're not a doctor you shouldn't give health advice.
That bread looks fabulous and starting my starter as soon as I stop texting this. You need to season your dutch oven? Or was that burnt flour and or oil?
So much fun watching a ten minute video of making bread. Who knew.
way too long and dont like the music
Awesome. Just one thing. Make 2 sunny side up eggs. Let one get brown from the bottom and the other one not. Taste the diffrence. Dont let your eggs get brown. Thank me later :-)
So I'd like to ask, some people let it ferment in fridge some in room temperature, what's the difference?
Damn that makes me hungry !!!!
masterpiece
Hey ... that was great. More so, to see an actual oven with "signs" of usage on the inside just like mine, unlike the spotless new type that we see every now and then in the videos & tv! My opinion: just like books(and something else), if you use it & continue using it, the signs of usage, natural wear and tear shows up & that’s what makes it special (& desirable). Yum yum ... all the way. 🙂
Awesome
THANK YOU
It is a great sorrow that I shall not taste this bread
Only three ingredients: Water, flour, starter and salt. Only three...
like the chopin in the background
I notice that you don't weigh your ingredients. Have you simply gotten a feel of how much you need? Or do you find that it's just unnecessary?
nice but hard job
7:46 double rainbowwwww
A lot of you is not necessary...
UNIC!!!
You don't need any toppings on that bread. Perfect on its own or with some butter.
طرز تهیه سس ماینز
You had me until avocado. 😷
Thank you so much. The best sourdough video I have seen yet. I can see where I went wrong. Looking forward to baking a killer loaf this weekend.
Question: Doesn't autolyse take a lot longer, and aren't you just hydrating the flower in those first 30 minutes worth of rest?
My great grandfather was a baker. And I gonna bake my first sourdough bread today. I hope I inherited some baker vibes ;-)  Wish me luck!
Watched many sourdough vids. This one is by far the best. Thanks
I never slap and fold it, I only fold it several times in the container with a spoon. I tried slapping it but it always stuck, and I thought it was too much trouble, and the bread is very beautiful without it, and the air pockets are quite regular, too.
that was a love story if I ever saw one
I see a whole gallon jar of kimchi in the fridge!
Do you use whole grain white flour as 2/3 of the flour in your recipe?
Do you absolutely have to have a starter sourdough? Can't you just mix water and flower. And let it stand on the table for 5 days so it develops it's own yeast. And then bake it?
If you can make a proper Sourdough Bread then you ARE a Bread-Maker, and blessed are the Bread-Makers.
Might be my favorite video on the internet to date.. so satisfying
Look so good :)
In addition to salt I like to use powdered seeds of caraway as a spice, you should try it out.
What's the size of that dutch oven?
I only have a small oven stand alone. Please tell me i can make this ? does this need air flow...dont understand the steam he talks about
some of ur videos make me tear up is that normal? food is love
Love it..... the music too :) Great Video !!!!!
Nicely done with the music on this video
Love your videos- I have tried it and continue to get my dough stuck to the towel- the consistency looks like yours and I flour the surface...any tips- can I use plastic wrap or something between the towel and the dough?
I remember you making the bread videos years ago. Recently I started baking some marrow bones. I'm eating the marrow thinking "I need to make my own sourdough and spread it"  Also I wanna make heaps of bread and fill up my freezer so I have heaps of food lol.
Bravoooo
Tried to make sourdough twice before watching this... followed your guidance and my loaf this morning looks professional!!
I just literally found this channel a day ago and BY GOD... I'll need to buy me an oven and bake me one of these...🤤
Inside the oven is my wife domain, but I really want to try this.
Inside the oven is my wife domain, but I really want to try this.
when he sniff the stater... gosh...
Thank you for posting this ...It inspired me to try making this bread from scratch with homemade starter... I have now used this recipe 5 times and the bread turns out perfect every time. I make 2 loaves  with my Dutch oven just as you do …. its turned out so well Ive been even gifting the bread to friends. Keep up the great work.
A bit too dense.
Slap & Fold..kewl
Looks a lot like the Stella culinary sourdough video/recipe
Like the process - interesting.   Just get rid of the lousy performance of the Chopin and we have a winner video
I love the idea of making sourdough bread but I am terrible at estimating quantities. Do you have am actual recipe for your bread . Thanks a lot for your videos.
Waiting for your loaf to cool down with the aroma of fresh baked bread in the house is maddening.
Very well done and no swearing. I also loved the background music. Perfect for a breadmaking video.  Sourdough Bread making is such a meditative and relaxing time for me. I love doing it.  Thank you for all the good teaching  and inspiration. Keep up the good work.
Awesome  representation !!!!😁great  bread,  I love it!!!!👏 Thank you!
The Money shot at the end was perfection.
ohhhhhhhh.... I've never mixed my starter in a metal bowl,  heard the metallic surface can effect the rising process, thoughts?
Girl you gotta wash your pots. Loved the video
Bravo
I really liked p
im confident i now know how to make bread but what on earth made it specifically sour dough. am i missing something
Oh my God. You are using so much flour. You shouldnt so it in fold and strech prosses.
Me n mi girl luv yall vids
Seeing SourdoughU starting up got me to remembering about a jar of starter I had kept going for a year. It had spent the last 5 months neglected in the back of my fridge... Wasn't pretty.  But, I carefully got to the bottom of the jar and took a sample. It's been two days and I am back in business; proofed just as readily as it always had. Tomorrow is going to be a good day.
This bread looks delicious 😍 Please check out my first attempt at a sourdough bread recipe video 😊 https://youtu.be/xq0FDk9Cnw8 🙏🏾
How much starter do you use in one loaf of bread? ... I have so much active starter!!! - should I do scallion pancakes with all the starter I have ? I’m not the type to throw any out ... what is a safe thing to do with this starter?
Yum! Starter almost ready can’t wait to try!
Love this! I'm so glad I found your channel. It keeps inspiring me to learn more about fermentation! So I have a question about the bread, can I use gluten free flour to make sourdough?
lovely
Water to starter ratio, to start?
Have you tried with jovial flour?
Autolyse..... self cut?
My sourdough was burned from the underside. 🤪 I guess I put in extra minutes. And, it was hard to pull it out of the dutch oven. 😥 I guess not enough flour?
I'm very curious that you autolyse with the starter already added. Never seen that before.
Is it weird I look more forward towards dreaming about bread than dreaming about sex?
My bread came out heavy, doughy, and barely risen from the oven, and when I cut it open it was just a thick mass. Could it be that my starter wasn't ready for use? Did I use to much flour? I don't know.
Surely the slapping on the counter destroys the air pockets?
Those little bubbles on the crust are due to fermenting the dough in the fridge.  The process of placing a dough in a fridge/freezer is called 'retardation' and doesn't harm the dough too much, it does cause crystallisation of the natural sugars found in the flour, sucking moisture out of the dough and giving it a 'skin'.  This process does however aid in producing a thicker crust, which is a desirable trait in a good sourdough!
I hav tried multiple sour dough recipes and methods and yours has worked out the best thanks .. peace out ✌️
Dude!!!   This is perfect... all other videos are just that little bit confusing while yours is really clear.  Thanks man!
Great video, great looking bread!  not to discredit the slap and fold kneading technique, its just another means to an end, but i don't think its quite as necessary to use here as you say; the reason just doesn't make sense.  You say it's to minimize air bubble loss but aside from the minimal amount of rise that could happen in the 30 minute autolyse period with such a slow rising bread like sourdough, there are no bubbles as this step is done immediately after combining dry ingredients.
So sourdough bread is not vegan because the starter is living
so yummy 😉
what to do if i test my starter and it sinks
my starter is bubbly and smells right but it doesn´t float. is that an indication of what? my starter is made out of whole wheat mill by myself.
I've come back to this amazing video for the last two years whenever I make a new sourdough loaf, but I just noticed that Mike asked himself his favorite part of making sourdough bread at the beginning...
your bread is burned-out
what kind of pot is he using to bake the bread
Ingredients : -Starter -water -Flour (2/3 wheat to 1/3 anything else)  -salt  1. Starter of (1:1 water:flour) dissolved into water 2. Flours added and mixed into dough 3. Wait 30 mins 4. Now you can add quite a bit of salt 5. Slap and fold for 10 mins, add some flour. 6. (3×) Stretch and fold four times, then rest 10 mins 7. Roll dough to a tight ball, smooth a baby's bottom 8. Proof /ferment /rest overnight in a fridge. 9. Preheat Dutch oven to highest heat.  10. Put your dough in (and slit) with lid for 20 mins, and without lid for 20-30 mins. 11. Must wait 2-3 hours
Autolyse. It means that you're letting the flour become completely hydrated, and it takes longer than 30 minutes. I like to let it go for 3 hours.
Every women needs a man like you 😁
Hi, Mike...why add the salt after the autolyse rather than at the beginning?  Adding the salt at the beginning would seemingly distribute the salt more evenly.  Thanks!
what a builty! Love it.
you are a poet Mike! Love from Italy
What is the reason this bread had much smaller air pockets in comparison to your other sourdough video?
My favorite way to eat my homemade bread is a "Strammer Max", but in my opinion there is also a slice of Gouda (middle aged is my preference) on it.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strammer_Max
Very nicely done.  Can't wait to try a loaf or 2.  Thanks
Hey BGE! love the video. how exactly do you feed your starter? I know there are lots of videos out there but im especially interested in your processs.
What if the starter is all thick and bubbly but doesn't float?
Great vid, I am trying to master sourdough and this has really helped
Can you use any flour for your starter?
This was very helpful. Thank you for the video.
It's good to see that syler gave up his life of eating brains to steal super powers to become a bread baker.
What's the recipe and ingredients. I'm not finding it
It's so funny him talking to himself in the beginning
This inspired me to make a loaf of basic bread for the first time without a precised measurements recipe.  My starter wasn't yet ready so I used yeast.  I just eyeballed it for the texture and it came out great!  Today my starter is ready so I'm going to try out this version. Mahalo nui loa!
Yum, thanks for posting this!
I thought cumin was important for the base.
HAVE YOU NO SHAME?!
can you use rye or whole wheat as starter organism?
Anyone else notice the shell in the eggs at 9:27
my starter didn't float :/
AGREE!
Also I want to ask if kamut flour would work the same way as white flour in forming gluten?
I really like the way the art of bread making was presented. I understood all the instructions except the part where the bed pillow is placed in the fridge. I dont understand how a bread could rise in cold and not in heat? There is something I am missing here, and if you could help me I would appreciate it.
Making my first sourdough loaf right now. Basically I've watched this video!! Thank you so much loved your videos for years this has been my favorite one yet :)
Okay so when I make my dough in the beginning  it seems to just seriously stick to my hands and I don't fully know why it does this so bad? Any ideas?
Do you measure your flour and water at all?
What is starter? Is it the American version of yeast..?
Sweet intro!
9:27 Eggshell in the middle
Nice bread!! It is really beautiful. I tried to do here at home but it seems the flour here in Brazil have a worse quality than in the US. I can't do that steps with the umidity you do, the dough gets super sticky and super messy.
Please help me understand okay so 2/3 flour mixture to 1/3  water right? Thank you dear
My dough is so sticky its unmanageable, making this technique impossible.  Any suggestions?
beautiful soundtrack
I bake bread and just love it when I learn something.  Well done!!
Looks too hard and burnt for me
For all those home bakers out there, I have a group for you on facebook >> https://www.facebook.com/groups/bakingbreadathome/  and yes, I featured this video there :)
did you let it rest again after the slap and fold?
That is a sexy sourdough.
Pure art!!! This was so beautiful to watch.
A lot to read in your Web just to get the measurements!! 😥 Why you didn't give them on the video?
Wonderful LOL about the volcanic eruption on the side after it baked! :)) Makes me so happy. Thanks for teaching us how!!
This video makes me feel sad for some reason
Excellent video. Thank you for sharing your awesome technique and amazing results. The finished loaf looked really, really good.  I love sourdough. Using wild yeast versus the IDY/Commercial kind has REALLY transformed my bread baking.
I would be very surprised if "Alex French Guy" didn't see your video before making his...
I've been making sourdough for years and have never been that satisfied with my results.  I tried this method, and I yielded my best results.  I always had a dense crumb in the past.  This time, the crumb had tons of holes and with light and airy.  Loved it.  Thanks very much.  Making another loaf as we speak.
Great video, but my goodness hate that music.
Great job
Ωραίο bravo.👌👌👌
damn that looks good...
That is my favorite breakfast as well! Only I add soyrizo  so mine is a little tastier.
Nearly cried towards the end.
It’s awesome seeing you make sourdough bread
Wow, that egg , avocado, chives breakfast idea looks great 👍
Amazing!!!
I watched your video and I made my sourdough bread yesterday Nov. 18  2017 and it turned out great. I had small air pockets no big air pockets. It tasted great.  I taught I could taste a difference, but couldn't , but it didn't taste sour. It tasted real good.  I will be making it again some time.  Maybe for Christmas gifts. Carol
autolyze:  when the flour and water totally incorporate.
Great video! I loved to see you celebrating bread.
Is it normal to get turned on during stuff like this?
marry me?
I'm still getting my sourdough starter started here but I shall do bread buns ... somehow ... someday soon!   I see this and it inspired me to get to the next level with bread beaking but it kinda hurts me so not to see you add pumpkin seeds or sesame or whatever to the dough and the top to give it that special something.
I did It!! ha, after several tries at the stater then 2 HARD loafs, I gave up with all the precise measuring and followed this video. It turned out delicious, the first try! On my second loaf now. Thanks!
Some recipes say the starter needs to float and some say the leven. Please advise
Beautiful!
R those angles singing at the end right before u bit into that beuty
Song name? ( Not the Kevin McLeod, the second piano one?)
Beautiful!!!!! Down to the crumb! So happy for cooler weather, it's just too hot in the summer to heat the kitchen that much! So over summer I cheat with yeast bread and vinegar water soaked over night flour, but winter is coming!
So beautiful!
And I think the initial dough looks so sticky. Should I use less water?
But can I actually add other ingredient, such as eggs or milk?
What is the rest between two techniques at 4:00 ? thanks for the answer
I'm in awe of the bread instructions --- but eggs cooked to crispy browness, yech!
Dat money shot at the end.
This is how I make all of my bread now!!! Thank you for giving me the freedom I needed to throw away the recipe book!
Argh!!! Every video on your channel inspires me so much. It's remarkable.
I can't wait to get my sourdough game on. Thank you.
Flip lid jars are the only correct way to store things
The Chopin waltz is good
so tonight i will try making my first sourdough bread and i rewatched this video that inspired me to make it and i realised that it sets really high expectations, guys! i almost cried the first time i watched it and i dunno if my bread will be THAT good :))
I'm making this bread today :-) wish me luck!
so the starter is just flour and water..but then you put in a container right and leave it alone for how long?? at room temper yes?
💕💕💕💕💕💕👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽🙏🏽
After your slap and fold how long are you letting it rest before your stretch and folds? About 10 minutes?
Did someone already comment this: In biology, autolysis, more commonly known as self-digestion, refers to the destruction of a cell through the action of its own enzymes. It may also refer to the digestion of an enzyme by another molecule of the same enzyme. The term derives from the Greek words αὐτο- ("self") and λύσις ("splitting").
Sourdough....Ancient, wholesome, beautiful and well yummy in my tummy. I began my sourdough journey a couple of years ago. I measure in grams and really enjoy just measuring off of "feel" now.  I bake these beauties in either the oven or in one of three Big Green Eggs. Using either a cast iron Dutch Oven or on a pizza stone. I like the primitive wood fired notes the BGE imparts and the Instagram shots reflect my love for each loaf. Your video was well done! Are you a IG user also?  Keep up the great bread man 👍
I love that beautiful crumb! Waooo perfect!
I want some sourdough toast now.
Am I the only one who thinks the dough looks kinda cute when he puts the cloth on it?  It looks like a little baby.
I'm at 3500 ft, can I add a bit of yeast for rising.?
I've never been so interested in making sourdough bread 😂
Dude this video changed my life!  I can actually bake bread without recipe and I've tried following so many recipes (and failed) in sourdough.  You rock, my pet sourdough rocks and everyone should eat sourdough in this world!
Who's watching this while eating sourdough bread?
These sourdough videos are a nice tip of the hat to the Netflix series, "Cooked" with Michael Pollan. Well done, guys.
That was good food porn, nice voice over by the way. Automatically subscribed
I <3 bread
Some people have substituted Pyrex oven dishes ( the deep round kind ). The baking reminds me the NYT no knead bread, with its reduced amounts of commercial yeast and long fermentation times.
These guys make me want to dig out my old flip flops and tie dyes.
man iam looking weeks for the perfect sourdough recipe and this man just throws the no recipe, by feel in there it makes feel irrelevant lol
Did you cook the bread at 500 for 20 then lower it?
The music is on point
Did you skip the bulk fermentation stage?
Loved this Sourdough Bread series! Any possibility one may be coming for a good French Baguette?
Hey! I LOVED this video. I just put sourdough starter on top of my fridge last night and gonna feed it for a week and hope to get it going and then gonna make it!!! So excited! BUT i have a question. How and when would you add seeds or sprouted seeds if you'd want to (i like some crunch in my bread). Or raisins? Is it possible? Hope you can answer this.
are those temperatures in °F?
Autolyse is not pronounced "auto-leese", it's pronounced "auto-lice". It means the cells of your starter are committing suicide. I'm not sure how the term applies to yeast in food microbiology, not my specialty, but it seems you want your little yeasties to drink the 'kool-aid' in a mass die off. Any food microbiologists out there, feel free to correct my assumptions. However, the term is pretty sciencey and it simply means cells are popping, either programmed cell death or other nefarious means of suicide. Lol. :-) cheers!
hipnotizing!
Beautiful. Thank you.
The bottom of your loaf is charred and you had to pry it out of the D.O.  Back to the drawing board.
perfect
what about whole grain flour instead of white flour?
Why does my dough stay sticky? I let it sit for 2 hours and after folding it it started it get really sticky.
mike how often i have to fed the sour starter? once a day? an hour a day?
Hola. I dont have a DO. I have a convection microwave and the highest is 450°. Should I extend the baking 5, 6, 10 more minutes? thx guys
Can you keep yeast in a plastic container?
Wow! Thank you! I have finally made a successful sourdough thanks to this video!
by degrees you mean fahrenheight or celsius?
it would have been smart at least to EXPLAIN how is the sourdough STARTER made. MADE WITH SIMPLE PROCESS, MIXING EQUAL PARTS FLOUR WATER AND CONTINUE FEEDING IT ???? how? what? put it where? what temperature? feed it with what?
Beautiful...
I mixed flour and water but nothing happened! How much should I wait?
Wonderful video ! Followed your directions to a tee, and viola ! A perfect bake.  :)
I tried this and it turned out perfect!  I think my loaf was a bit bigger. After the 30 minute mark uncovered it still wasn't as brown as I wanted it. . So I turned the heat up to 410 for an extra 20 minutes uncovered and it turned exactly like his! It even began making that crackling sound when it came out of the oven. I left mine in the fridge for like 12 hours to rise because I slept in but it still was perfect! Thanks for the simple rules :) I'm so happy lol. First time making sourdough and it turned out so bloody perfect!!!
I love your passion and style. :) The way you talk about the bread itself. Surprisingly I create my own bread almost exactly the way you do. :D However I don't like using rye flour, it changes the texture of the dough too much.  You again created a wonderful bread. And your dish looks like the same as mine inside. :D
extremely awesome, but... how can we know how much flour to add? you kept putting in spoonfuls of different flours, and it was the perfect amount... how did you know?
when feeding ur starter u dont discard some part of it ?
I wouldn't (completely) agree on that thing with that springing back...  There are basically four different types of proofing. You can find out by pressing with your finger around half a centimeter (around a fifth of an inch, don't press in to much).  If it springs back completely... this actually isn't good.... It means it hasn't proofed completely. The oven rise is quite decent but it might not have the perfect consistancy after baking, as well as flavour. Better proof it a little longer.  The next to states are both good, depending on what you want.  If the dough springs back rather quick but still leaves a little dent  - that's exactly what you want, if you are after a rustic, wild oven spring. This is because the dough will have the greatest oven rise. Flavour and consistancy are great, you are ready to rock. It rises like a maniac, the crust springs like crazy and the crum is great.  Number three: The dough springs back a little, but not to much and leaves a bigger dent. This means you have a bread, that has risen allmost all the way outside the oven and will rise only a little bit in the oven. You won't get a oven spring , or at least not a big one. This is great, too, if you want it to be like that. When you try to proof the dough this much the goal usually is to not get oven spring at all and get a nice smooth surface. as I said, a matter of taste. I like both, but it is actually way harder to not get a wild spring.. Other then the spring, the crum and taste is very compareable to the state before.  Aaannndd last... and certainly also least... number four. This is when you overproofed it. You press your finger in aaannddd.. Nothing happens. If it doesn't spring back at all... the dough is pretty much dead. No oven rise at all, no good results in basically anything.   This by the way works for almost all doughs, that are working with living organisms. So if you work with yeast it works the same way.   And there is nothing wrong with using yeast (but only use yeast OR sourdough, don't put to many organisms in there). There is basically ONE thing that makes a bread great or make suck: TIME.  Naturally, if you don't use yeast packages and just sourdough, it simply takes time, otherwise it won't work. Therefore you are adding the most important ingredient - time - naturally to the dough.  The thing with yeast is - people put in that shit like maniacs, to have fresh bread in very few hours. It might be fast, but not delicous. Time will make the flour soak in water and enzymes will develope the flavour. This sure get's lost when using much yeast.  But if you greatly decrease the yeast, but increase the time, you'll get brilliant results, too. Sourdough has the advantage, that bread usually stays fresh longer and it has a characteristic flavour, yeast breads are just different, but not neccesarely bad.  But if you do that... throw away that instant yeast packages.. They suck. I use like 5 to 10 grams of fresh yeast MAX for a bread. You are barely able to measure those small amounts with dried yeast , you need redicolous small portions of those stuff if you want to do it right. . I keep that shit just for emergencies, when I forgot to buy yeast.
More like burnt eggs.  I dislike skirts on eggs.
What are the benefits of fermentation once the bread has been baked? Isn't the yeast and bacteria are dead by then?
How do you keep the dough from sticking to EVERYTHING ❓
Put cornmeal in the bottom of the pan before you put the bread in and you won't have to dig it out.   Better yet.... put some parchment paper in the bottom and that might solve the entire problem.  Otherwise....great video!
would you mind putting up the estimated ratios for sourdough, flour, water and salt?
I'm so glad you showed the process and not some hyper-precise recipe. Bread recipes annoy me. There weren't measuring cups 1000 years ago. It's all about the feel. Every day will be different from how active the yeast are to the moisture in the air. A single recipe can't cut it.
Autolyse simply means cell breakdown from it's own enzymes. It adds structure to the bread, but it's usually before you add the starter and salt. You just wet the flour and let it rest at room temp, after you add the starter and the salt. This is the process that builds the dough structure (especially wet dough) so you don' need to stretch and fold as much.   If you add your starter after the rest period, i guarantee your results will be twice as easy and twice as good  GJ with the Deutsche Oven, never thought of that, i will definately try it !! No steam  = poor crust !!
I'm curious, what size dutch oven is that? 4 Quart?  thanks
From Murders in Ciudad Juárez to how to make a sour dough,very good lol
Sourdough is way to hard and crispy
Did I miss something here? I know it's a 'no recipe' bread but you still have to have the right ratio of flour to water and the amount of starter to go with it. Otherwise you can't possibly get the dough right.
Why am I watching this at 11:30 at night when I know damn well this will make me crave that sourdough! I really need to learn to make this. I'm saving this video as my tutorial. <3 Goals.
Sourdough is the best! Do you know if it's possible to make this gluten free? Or do you need the gluten to help build the structure?
Do you refrigerate the starter?
Has anyone used buckwheat flour for yeast fermentation?
How long can I proof the dough in the fridge? Say I put it in tonight at 10, and then start baking at around 4 the next day when I get home from school? That would be ~18 hours in the fridge.  Edit: Yeah you can
Way better love story than Twilight
Tnx. I didn't make the exact same thing, but used the same technique. Best bread I ever made.
You incorporate a lot a lot of flour when doing your S&F, there is no need to use flour during the S&F or trying doing the S&F in the bowl or fermentation with a wet hand.
9:28 that egg really is super crispy, rather crunchy with the shell in it :P
Thank you.  That was exactly what I was looking for.. a 'recipe' to make it with no recipe.  I had some cooked leftover mix of rices/lentil/beans last week.  There was nothing in in but that.  Have you ever used something like that and added the flours and starter around that to create a loaf?  I thought the added textures would make a pretty fine bread.
when you slap and fold, you put flour and cover it. you don't say how long it sits
suave
and then the gluten free dickheads ask for gf option
Great video!
that shit looks so gooooood
bruh
Before doing the stretch and folds, I like to mix some oatmeal and black sesame seeds into it, I think it adds quite some nice flavor to it.
One of the best videos I've ever seen.
Lovely video 😍👍🏼
Great video - what's that piano piece in the background??
What happens if your bread fails to proof successfully?  Can you still bake it, throw it out, start all over again?
That wonderful piano music is not Light Thought var 4 by Kevin MacLeod. I went to the URL you posted and his music sounds entirely different. Instead, it sounds more like something Chopin wrote and I would dearly love to find out who's playing that.  Reminds me of my mother's piano playing.  Love the bread recipe too!  :)
while I commend the art of making sourdough, don't throw out your yeast folks ... You'll need for anything other than sourdough
The slap and fold method is impossible without a marble surface fyi
lets cook some eggs with the shell ;D
I only had little bubbles, and I used it, now I am thinking, if I made a mistake, and should have waited for those large-ass bubbles (pardon my French)
Son of a bitch!
I'm gonna sleep to this... tell me about other breads 🍞 😊
Love how you can hear him sucking his finger right at the end. Fingerlickinggood
9:27 i too like some egg shell in my egg for that added crunch.
Beautiful recipe!I just find your channel!SUB and like!
i already did some breads but i always did them with instant yeast last week i did a sourdoughstarter but it turned into vinegar xD what did i wrong
Ohh,.. cool! Like!
Line your Dutch oven with parchment paper to avoid the charring on the bottom of your crust.😉
the linked sourdough bread has really strange measures, it has too much water and never stops to stick, it is a complete mess, please give us your recipe
omg
you making me hungry in the middle of the night.
I enjoyed so much watching this! Good job!
0:37 i just scream OMG
Why do you bake the bread inside a pan?
Great video, The instructions are great...thank you for the demonstration
"Beautiful pillow of love"!
the sourdough starter needs to get *yeast* to your living environment aha ha ha. ha
Thanks for very informative video. I will definitely make one.
I have tried to understand this process through books and internet sites and other youtube videos..but this one is the best. Easy to understand and straightforward. THANK YOU!
i just eat my sourdough plain! it tastes amazing that way. :D
stop using a metal spoon move to a woden spoon or plastic
Now im sad sitting here eating my peanut butter sandwich while looking at your glorious meal.
Challenge accepted!.
Now THIS is how sourdough is supposed to look! Before I came across yours I watched a bunch of videos  with sourdough that looked flat and dense! I think your method of not over-kneading and instead folding really makes all the difference! I have two containers of sourdough starter that are very active and plan on making lots of bread this weekend!
what is the name of the classical music used in this video? it does t appear to be listed in the info unless he's citing incompetech... just curious.
superb
stoner.
This is so romantic
Shit bread
dat bread is almost just sexy it looks so good
Do you guys have a video on how to make your own sourdough starter? If you do please reply with link. Cheers awesome bread.
you man really like salt
Can someone please give me a link to the music used in this video. I checked the description but that is a different track.
you are truly an artist, I love your video
blisters are the sign of over fermented dough,
omgosh thank you so much for this, I have been inspired for weeks to make my own sourdough seeming as I am a huuuge fan of it  but Im trying to shy away from store bought breads. They have so many useless additives in it, they all can't be good for you. Anyway I love how simply you explain the process! amazing!
is it wrong to leave it at room temperature instead of fridge? thanks a lot.
is it wrong to leave it at room temperature instead of fridge? thanks a lot.
This video was really beautiful because it was done in a way more relaxed manner than most other videos on this channel. Also great that you showed how to make a sourdough by feel, I like this kind of cooking way more then sticking to recipes like a slave, don't even own a kitchen scale anymore. ;)
dude, how can you toast such a fresh, soft and beautfiul slice of bread?! :) I'd understand it 3 days after baking, but that? My heart bleeds ;( anyway, great vid! I hope my sourdough starter would ever mature like that, you could see it only from the image that it has more live in it than many yeast-based doughs
so you make the perfect bread... and then you toast it? please you can toast it 1 or 2 days later when its all dry and stale.
What's the measurement?
will do
my sourdough starter is not floating, what have I done wrong? its bubbling and smelling sour...
though people talking about the way you talk, I enjoyed even listening the way you explain and watching the video. I love sourdough, and I thought I could make my own at home... but after this video... Im heading to the closest bakery
I don't think that I added enough water, can you give me more of a cup measurement?
Where can i find a man can make decent sourdough bread?
I am currently getting ready to start my bread making journey so excited, your video was very helpful, but honestly I'm giving this video a thumbs up for the background music... Chopin is my favorite composer!
IncrEDIBLE!!! I'm totally  inspired now. Great video! 👍 I work at a bakery and I'm a cake decorator but now I'm going to make sourdough bread tomorrow. ☺
I love yall. I could watch your videos all day. thanks for the bread <3
that was actually Crazy Beautiful what do you do if you knead your bread and it just feels really hard of course I used all hard red wheat😆
I'm baking bread now because of this
Never ever incorporate more flour to the dough after starting to kneed, it will make the finished baked bread dry shortly after its cut.......thats one of the biggest mistakes you can make....
How long do you wait after the slap and fold? The video shows you putting a towel over the dough, but you don't say how long to let it t sit.
What is the song at 1:30?
what flours would you suggest for someone who is trying to be gluten free?
This is fucking poetry.
My bread doesn't rise. I've tried twice, and both times it comes out of the oven like a brick. Any ideas, guys?
amazing!
(/sarcasm on)no, not at all time consuming.(/sarcasm off)     jesus h christ, its literally faster and cheaper to buy an organic sourdough loaf from the store.
This was the sexiest thing I've seen in a very long time. I couldn't even tell you what was 2nd...
Got my first ever loaf resting right now. This video helped so much! I've been caring for my starter like a baby for a while, and I'm so ready for this bake!
That was disgusting, what you did there right at the end.
My sourdough starter has been going for 6 days and won't float.
Does the starter have to float? Mine turned out more liquidy and sank straight to the bottom.
My starter doesn't float. Any ideas?
Whats the cooking temperature for the first bake, when youre rising it?
Love this video, made me feel totally inspired to move forward to experiment with baking sourdough....first loaf just out the oven...waiting for it to cool is defo the toughest part! Thankyou kindly!
Food porn!
I love the way he so passionately talks about what he talks about.... great verbal expression, pulls you in and makes you want to hear more even if you could really care less lol. He should become a writer 4sure!!
Yummy!  Exactly what I was looking for to start baking my own bread 🍞.  I know I know it says no recipe but could you tell us the apprx qty (in weight preferably) of starter,  water and flour plzzz?  Thx.
Awesome!
please oil your Dutch oven
how do you know how much of the sourdough starter to use?
I enjoy making bread for many years now my son is asking me how and your video says it all :) thank you :)
have you read tartine bread by chad robertson?
So making the starter only requires equal parts water and Floor? Nothing else?
I looove bread!!
First bake maximum heat your oven gives you but 2nd 350 degree ? my oven only goes to 300
OMG!! Im in love with making breads now.. I definitely want to try this now and see how good cook i am.. and the video is awesome, you just made a perfect sourdough video.. Thumbs up for that, i smashed the like and the subscribe button when i was done watching the video.. You are amazing!!
burning it is not part of process.
lets get married!!!
I am not getting any oven spring and about 1/2 the air pockets, any ideas ?
Beautiful..., thank you very much for sharing your magic! This is actually very helpful as so many sourdough recipes and tutorials out there, people can easily get lost and give up, and they should just feel into it and use their imagination more when following some of the basic principles for making sourdough bread. Bread like this is like nothing else.
hmmm.... can't wait to get my hands on my own! Thank you!
Oh dear Lord that looks sooooooooooooooo good!!!!
Roughly how much starter should I be using per loaf..? :o Perhaps in terms of grams?
For the sake of us that are new to sourdough baking, could you at least give us a hint as  to what the proportions of the ingredients should be? You looked as if you didn't use much  starter --maybe 1/4 cup? and you didn't mention anything about a ratio of water to flour...what are we aiming for?
Never make bread like this! You need to weigh your ingredients very accurately. Doing anything else is asking for failure!
😋
You do not add any sugar to your dough? Why? That is a little unusual.
oddly satisfying
great looking bread, but I have noticed a pattern in the both videos I have watched of yours, its something MOST all american cook have. SALT. SALT SALT SALT. No one has thought americans how to let the flavors of the food come out, instead its SALT SALT SALT. Just watch some videos of asians tasting american cooking they are say the same thing, to Salty.
I was excited to see you guys started baking sourdough bread about the same time as me. Although you do a lot of things differently, our breads both come out amazing. Just goes to show that there are no strict rules in baking. You certainly made it a lot more accessible than some of the regular recipes from FWSY or Tartine and I wish I saw this vid when I first started out and was overwhelmed by an 18 step instruction with two seperate doughs and four different rest periods...
I need a cigarette after that, and I don't even smoke
That was eye sex, this video just has sex with my eyes!!! Loved it!!
awesome dudes! How much time do you wait between the first few steps (slapping, stretching, folding like a letter, then rolling it tight?)
do the dough-pillow need to be temperature after it has been in thre fridge for 14 hours before you put it in the hot dutch own?
but but its a living thing, why did you slap it? :(
question...you use your starter directly (taking out of the jar and using it to make the dought). Why don't you make a levain over the night and then make the dough?
Damming that's a sweet video.   Love the breakfast idea at the end too.   Will definitely try this SOON and see if I can switch to sourdough from quick action yeast.
Bottom a bit burned for my taste but other than that a fine looking loaf!
On the finger test... I've come across many sources that instruct the proofing to be correct when the dough springs back up slowly, with a small dent left behind. In them, a springback like the one in this video is a mark of an underproofed dough. Anyone care to chime in?
Wow. Just wow. *runs to grab towel to mop up drool*
Oh my yummy!  I just got out my starter Lillian { I named her } and used her to make a dough.  She's in the fridge.  I am hoping mine comes out a bit like yours tomorrow morning when we do the oven journey.
The autolyse is a greek word αυτόλυση = automatically diluted * referring to the gluten in the flour, as soon as the starch get wet with water ruffly after 30 minutes the gluten activation process is starting,by kneading the dough you push the gluten to form and you lead in one direction the strings formed from the gluten to have a better bubble merge in the loaf. you can even make bread without working the dough at all by just mixing the ingredients and let the dough overnight to rise and get fermented and sour, flip it over on the tray and bake by spraying the oven with water to achieve a crusty exterior to your loaf.sourdough bread has amazing alimentary values full of prebiotics, additionally  is really low in glucose as the natural dough culture is consuming the 80% of the sugar contained in the flour. However, you made a great bread, indeed well done !
I feel like an angry house wife created the slap and fold method.
Too much work.  Makes me glad I switched to the no-knead or almost-no-knead technique. Great results!
I think bread making should be always be by feel. Even developing the sourdough should be intuitive, as everyone is different. A San Francisco sourdough will differ dramatically from my sourdough here in rural Norfolk in the UK simply because of the bacteria, never mind my personal preferences for making a sourdough. As such, what works for you, may not work for me and vice versa.  I have come to the point where I no longer measure out my ingredients for making bread (or for anything else for that matter), and I consistently make more than satisfactory loaves.   I think we should start a movement to free ourselves from recipe books!
Thank you!! Going to try this with Kefir starter .....I am new to this  great video and will sign in to your site!!
Oh my God that looks so good.
can some one please tell me if I'm making two loaves when do i divide the dough. Is it after the sitting on the countertop or after sitting in the fridge?
no large air pockets you are a loser
Very nice bread
Dude its just bread
To piggyback on to my previous questions, would you please do I video, beginning to "end" with preparing your starter for baking? No where on YouTube has anyone done this( that I have found). Thanknyou!
I'm new to using starters. How long after feeding the starter in your video did you use it? Also, do you keep your starter in the fridge or room temp always?
On 4:00 you switch from "slap and fold" to "stretch and fold" and it seems like you let the dough rest. Is it right? If yes, for how long?
well that was sure fun!
This is a very well done video.   I really enjoyed watching.  Nice job!!  And the bread too.!!
9:27 shell in your egg
Video not good for someone that has never baked anything EVER. I don't know what starter is, how do I get that? Well moving on to another video.
Chicken period? Nah
Wow, not much tunneling or pockets.
Marry me!
I love that you just cant rush it and you just have to chill out a bit and let it take the time its need. And you can forget about that jar in the cabbinet and it will never go bad and when you want to use it you have to feed it and wait some days  to start again.
9:28 FREEZE MR I see egg shell in ur skillet =:^)
6:55 or just destroy ur favorite dutch oven pan ;) OOPS :) lol
6:03 A common misunderstanding that you should let ur doughs rise in a warm place but the best way is to stick them in ur fridge overnight-I do this with sugar and honey fed yeast from the packets and it works perfect for pizzas and white breads :) I've left the same dough in a fridge for up to 3+days and the dough was amazing :)
your "gas bubble" starter reminds me of a thing called Tangzhong or water-roux. Same ingredients, kinda same role but made with different method
#TheRedHood425 I used my data to watch this you guys owe me a beer lol
Umm don't know which I enjoy more, the selection of music or the nicely done video!
Where's the love button holy cow
I admire  you ......you are grate .......thanks
it's a little burnt
I baked a sour dough loaf today using this technique. I used kefir instead of the traditional starter. WOW WOW WOW!!!!
Why the hell is it gray!!😨😫
lol ok
How much water do you use?
does it taste sour?
I love u guys
love it from japan
Find a man that talks about you the way this man talks about bread
no recipe?
just pulled mine out of the oven and I have to leave the house to keep from cutting into this bad mother!  it's resting on a cooling rack and sounds like rice crispies... can anyone explain or tell if that is normal or not?
The starter - just flour and water? The yeast will come on its own??  How long do you need to let your start sits? Am I looking at couple hours or couple weeks?
looks very good.. only thing id say is that id prefer to have a thicker crust on the top..
Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I've been searching for a bread recipe without yeast, just pure nature doing its work, for weeks now.  So glad I finally found it!  Oh! and btw... love the channel! Subscribing!
Super complicated lol bread is pain staking process it seems
more bread! great content!
do we need wait 10mins between folding dough
great job!
can I use just normal yeast Instead of the starter
So what's the technique behind? I make my bread very precise, to be honest, but I'd like to know how to make it by feel. Yet, I don't even have a starting point. Is anyone able to help?
Great video im totally gonna make this. MGTOW!
beautiful video
Tremendous
U have got really nice music taste too.
Many thumbs up, my friend. I am relatively new to breadmaking, mostly doing no-knead recipes with instant yeast. They're easy and terrific, but the sourdough thing has been front of mind lately. Your breakdown of slap-and-fold and stretch-and-fold were very helpful. Now, I'm going to get my sourdough starter (a few different ones) underway so that I can be baking the bread for the Thanksgiving table.
Beautiful videography!  Learned a few things too!  Thank you!
I don't know why, but this might be my favorite video in the internet, it's just so interesting I love it 😊😊
How do you store the starter?
I was inspired by this video to make my own sourdough loaf from scratch. Three times, in fact. (I have pics but I'm not on Instagram yet.) My dough was wet and sticky and thus more troublesome to work with even post-autolyse. I got no little crust bubbles. The crumb was disappointing on my last loaf--no air bubbles, dense cake-like texture. My oven only goes to 500degF and I didn't get that nice blackened bottom crust even in a preheated cast-iron skillet. Lastly, my results didn't have that pleasing sour taste like a Boudin San Francisco loaf. My bread was kinda boring to eat. Back to the drawing board, I suppose. Any helpful suggestions?
Your videos are inspiring!  I mixed up the starter last week; feed it yesterday and starting the bread today.  Thank you for great instructions.
Wow, this is devoted craftsmanship, superb instructions and commentary as well as visuals, you have done a great job of transmitting your knowledge and familiarity with this technique.
That is some beautiful bread. I think I'm gonna have to try this sometime. :)
Great video!
I love making sourdough! I'll have to dry your method.
This video inspired me to start the sourdough starter today.  My husband is going to get out the cast iron Dutch oven and we will soon be making bread.  We will send pictures.
A little parm would be nice 👍🏼.........very good video!
so awesome
Can u try to make Taco Bell's empanadas
mine didn't spring very much in the first 20 minutes of baking, and couldn't hold its form prior to that. Any suggestions?
Ive nitice the food poccessor you use in other vids is real nice, i know its nit used in this vid, but figured you might respond on your earliest vid, anyways i like it and was just wondering what brand and version it is, thanks
Hey guys, just an idea, how about debunking street tacos and food truck recipes. I just had the best street tacos and tamales. Just a thought.
Thought this was gluten free
fried chicken wing recipes!!!
Help. I made my started in a metal container instead of glass and plastic and at day 4, it has a layer of water on top and no bubbles. Can my starter be saved?
Autolyse = Auto + Lysis  Auto = Self Lysis = A loosening, setting free, releasing, dissolution
One of my favorite videos I loved this. especially after seeing michael pollens most recent documentary about sour dough!
What a great video!  Thank you!
Thank you for the video
Sourdough is working with positive Bacteria, not with yeast.
Subscribing based on this one video? You bet I am. Anyone that puts this much effort into a loaf of bread has to be worth watching. This video was amazing and that bread looks delicious! :)
im going to study abroad next semester , you guys are helping me I LOVE U !!
If you do this, I gotta try it.
I love sourdough bread but thicker slices.  Good job!!!
cornmeal on the bottom of the dutch? to help with the removal?
Am i part of a cult now?
Bravo! Marvelous video, easy to follow,...you make it look manageable. I'm inspired to try my hand...thanks.
What do you feed the started? Just more flour?
Extra tip: If you want a crunchier exterior on your sourdough then take it out of the dutch oven and bake in on the rack for another 10 minutes (with the oven on 300), before placing on a cooling rack.
Hi, loved your video, (well, not the raw egg.....eeewww! )  Thank you muchly,    pierre from New Mexico
the greatest respect to sourdough is to use it to make a rubin.
Aaaah.... such beauty !!!! :') I've always been too scared of dealing with a sourdough starter. Never knew where to find it, actually ! But ... this is amazing inspiration, indeed ... :) just need to wait until I can get a proper oven again :)
I have so much love for you guys. Keep doing what you're doing
someone please make me this. >_< !
I love cooking but I haven't got the handle on spices yet. Can you do a video talking about spices and what you can do with different ones. And maybe say the top 5 to 7 spices you think everyone should have.
respect dude, respect
Can you guys do a vid about cast iron(carbon steel) cooking and maintenance
Just me or his kitchen looks just like Linguini's (from film Ratatouille). I'm always like he needs a bigger kitchen
Sandwich at the end was orgasmic lookin'
That was breakfast perfection
i've tried to make bread twice and have failed twice, but i'm so determined to enjoy my own bread. I like your narration through this long process, super calm lol. I guess it takes time to make good food, breakfast sandwiches ftw
that is one sexy hunk of dough!
Wonderful.  Thank you.  I've been making Jim Lahey's No Knead bread for a while now and this will be a nice way to mix things up.
U guys gotta figure out how to make a Volcano from Rainforest Cafe
I learned that waltz in the background some years ago for piano and it brought back memories
How much of your starter do you use?
that eggshell you dropped in the pan sounded crunchy
mmmmmmmm...
What do you guys think about bread makers? Are they a good kitchen tool or just lazy?
awesome video!
this is my favorite video on the internet
My starter foamed up and smelled like ass
Don't eat that burnt stuff, gives you cancer! But other than that, very nice bread baking.
As a French person, this was very satisfying to watch. And it reminded me that I'm all out of bread. It makes me very sad.
Congrats on 600k!
Just wanted to say what an excellent video. One of my favs so far. Your cooking passion really comes through.
Just a heads up, you don't need to knead your dough if you let it sit overnight in the fridge.
im on a candida diet and was wondering if i can use a different type of flour such as almond or coconut flour?
Cut out the salt on that dish and smear a little Vegemite on the toast instead! It's a very strong flavor but once you try it a few times you get hooked!
man this is crazy work i want to try it tho
I been wanting to try sour dough!
Hi Mike,  Just wanted to let you know I enjoyed the more professional quality of this video!
Josh! MIke! ... I NEED you guys to do a pretzel bread and beer cheese episode. FOR FUCKS SAKE I NEED IT!
I'm forming a loaf right now...
Pro Tip:  You can use a parchment paper sling to make transferring the loaf in and out of the dutch oven much easier.
Looks legit!
Such a nice and inspiring video wow 💛
Graduation on 600, 000
You might want to go into the starter a bit more.  Whenever I try to get people to make their own sourdough, the starter is where everyone gets hung up.  Awesome video though, making sourdough is pretty fun!
Perfection indeed
the beauty of sourdough bread 😍
As a German with an awesome bread culture ... I love that video. I am living in the United States, and I miss German bread. But Plz eat that w/o that egg. Just butter and jam .... or butter with cheese or salami or ham
Is the starter the same thing you use to make taphi?
This was so beautiful and elegant! Wonderful video. ^^
are u in thailand niw
I noticed that some recipes online call for a starter and one of those yeast packages. Does letting it sit in the fridge overnight replace the yeast package?
Brothers Green my niggas stepping up the production quality this was so good. damn that bread looked mouth watering !
I just started making sourdough and love i!.  It's so much healthier for you as it has a lower glycemic index than regular bread.  We  eat mostly sourdough english muffins.  I have also made sourdough tortilla's, biscuits, crackers but so far haven't made any bread yet.  The English muffins are so good that we don't even need bread.  I can make them any size and also use them for hamburger buns too.  But your bread did look so good.  I might try making the bread sometime now.  Thanks for your video's.  I appreciate you brother's.
Owwoh man, watching this after smoking, i mean eating girl scout cookies... Its off to the kitchen, gona wake every one up in my house maybe but it's so worth. Thanks for the info, i'll be cooking that tomorrow afternoon.
That egg yolk money shot!
how fantastic was this. so enjoyed, thank you for inspiring and sharing and teaching us!
Awesome video... Can't wait to try it!!! Question though, how much water roughly?
Now this. THIS is porn.
Give me sourdough bread til I'm sourdough dead.
Ahaha! I just started really getting into making my own sourdough! Synchronicities!
Hi! Love this video, What did you do that makes this a sour dough bread as oppose to just regular bread?
poopie bread confirmed
i foodgasmed
I always enjoy your videos, but in the last 6-8 months there has been a wonderful evolution in them. Today's video may be my favorite of all time! I love the story, the style, and of course the sourdough! Well done!
I don't understand, wouldn't slapping the dough have the same effect as kneading it? I would imagine the air would escape if you slapped it out of the dough.
I've been wanting to get into making my own bread lately and this video gave me all the motivation I needed. People have been making bread by hand for thousands of years and I'd like to get back in touch with that process. :)
that was awesome
Awesomeness..
oh man...their last name is Greenfield and not just Green?? my entire life is a lie...
Anyone else find this video to be really soothing at all? or is it just me?
what a fantastic recipe! I love that it's more of a method video and less of a recipe video. Really feeling it.
I'm baking with my starter (about a year old now) this week. Thanks for the good tips!
Great video! I love the no measure approach you did :)
I have already killed two starters, but this made me want to try once more
Can you make a video about how store bread and other food ?  mine gets really quick bad :(
this turns me on....
this was a fantastic video!!!
for years I've been working with scales and in grams to ultimately perfect my bread. you just blew my freakin mind. I don't know if I love or hate this video, for bread baking has always been a pain in the ass yet I always loved it
I'm playing rn
Your playing Chopin valse
I'm a glutton for gluten.
Have you done a beef jerky recipe?
This made making makes me miss my family member he always made us try diffrent recipes with breads  I LUV Bread although its unhealthy    TRY MAKING SUM MEXICAN SWEET BREADS  YUMMMmmmm
Paul Hollywood would cry
4 ingredients, wild yeast, right? ;)  looks good, i'm going to try this.
Awesome video, but I gotta admit, I can't handle any crispiness on the bottom of my fried eggs. I gotta cook em low and slow and with the right amount of oil, preferably butter. The end result is an egg that is soft with none of that papery/plasticy feeling on the bottom and edges.  The bread gets an A+! I'm going to try the avocado egg sandwich for sure!
do you keep the starter in the fridge? how long until it starts fermenting and bubbling like that and giving a good flavor?
Why would you ruin it by toasting it? It was perfect before that.
Never made sourdough but I bake bread at least once a week. Made bagels last night, and have dough in the fridge that I'll make pizza with tonight, and maybe something else
What a beautiful video!
I think you just invented the genre Bread Porn
@Brozhers Green Eats Can i add seeds and course ground spices to the dough?  Love ur videos, greetings from Germany!
what that cloth over the bowl does is making the living bacteria happy, so that the dough can grow with airbubbles
I HAVE to make this! omg
didnt know you can watch porn on toutube lol... great video btw!!!
u guys read my mind
You're blowing my mind by using these bacterial colonies to cook I can't i'm amazed
Excellent video. My grandma used to make bread with this method, with starter dough. I always loved watching the process. She used to bake it in a wood furnace. It was simply a godlike bread, i never found bread so good and tasty ever again, even the "premium" fresh bread from bakeries with this kind of dough would not be the same. Oh god when its warm it so awesome, i could easily eat it plain. Someday they start bringing "normal" bread in the village she lived twice a week (a car from a bakery would come and sell bread) so she just stopped making it, most people in the village stopped making homemade bread, its a long process so i cant blame them. Someday i have to try and make some myself.
wow pro status right there!!
This video is the epitome of elegance. Way to go hun 👌😍
I sent you an email Mike hope u got it! I love sourdough bread *drools*
His surname (Greenfield) literally translates to my surname (Groeneveld)
What do you feed the starter everyday, more flour, or some sugar? Do you leave it open, or how does it start to "activate"?  How many days until you can use the starter?
Oh my god this was Beautiful. THIS is why I'm subscribed to you guys! So much personality in your bread and videos.
Goddamn, you have elegant hands.
#Drooling
Best video ever...well almost.  Sourdough is one of my favorites.  I've made my own wild sourdough starters before...it can be a bit tricky.  You really have to keep on top of it...feeding it and keeping the yeast/bacteria healthy.  If the bacteria go too crazy the dough can get super gummy.
so many steps... cant you just make a no kned over night bread with sour dough?
I didn't think I'd ever say something like that, but this bread is the pinnacle of food porn!
Not that I'm gonna make this... but watching the vid was so hypnotising!
That creampie egg yolk exposion at the end was fucking perfect
this. was. beautiful!
<3 this video is so good, showing all the steps, thank you GreenBros!
Fresh loaf 🍞
I don't understand, how could you make bread without yeast?
Awesome but who's got that kind of time? Lol maybe one day if I can retire.
beautiful
Man, making bread/pizza dough looks and sounds WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY easier than it actually is..
How to make....? Then (no recipe)!!!
THIS IS SO OG. LOOK AT MIKE TOSSIN THAT BREAD LIKE A BOSS
I was literally googling how to make sourdough bread yesterday. Crazy coincidence!
people with gluten free diets disliked this video
If you love making bred like I do, try to add some honey inside. It make the dough so much nicer and the handling is like touching a cloud.. oh my.. *-* #FromAFrenchGuy
This made my mouth water like craaaaaaaazyyy
how to take a shit by feel (no recipe)
Perfection! Bravo!
you made this looks like an art, not a cooking video...  or is it just me who got hungry after seeing an art like this :v
OMG, mind blown. Now I want to make some bread....
So much salt, do you know salt is very bad for your health ? I noticed you tend to salt a lot your recipe. I'd go with less even if it's a flavor enhancer.
Why do I find this video so funny?😂
Oh man breads with crusts like that but with such a fluffy, soft inside are my kryptonite.
chopin valse!
Beautiful loaf of bread! It's been a while since I made bread and this video makes me wanna run to the kitchen to make some more! :)
Oh my goodness. That is one beautiful loaf of bread! I am curious to know how much time the whole process took you? (not including the time it took to develop your starter) :D
Wish I could make my own bread. Sadly, I'm gluten-free and bread-making is limited to instant mixes and additives. Non-gluten flours don't have the 'stickiness' of gluten, don't change color unless it's burnt, and don't rise.   I miss sourdough bread.
MIKE! Absolutely inspiring work!
I've never craved bread as much as I do right now.
Oh wow that bread came out lovely.
Looks great but I'm slightly disturbed by the sos cleaner, dirty oven and Dutch pot.  Oh and the shell in the eggs 😳.
sub to me for sour dough bread
nice vid guys!
Bread goals! Looks fantastic 😃
ohmygod that looks so delicious, but ive never tasted sourdough bread before... can you make a video on meals that you can make with sourdough bread?
Devine video 👍
Mike. Love this on so many levels, and those blisters are nothing but pure beauties
early
Sourdough is the best bread
Dat dere bread.
3rd
bread is life
1
if this video inspires you to make your own loaf of bread, send us an email with a picture of your bread and a sentence on why you love making homemade bread! We will pick 3 winners who can choose a free t-shirt from our shop and we will announce them with a picture of their bread on instagram #BGsourdough
