Seems like a lot of extra work compared to just boiling the sumbitch
I need one. I think my best investment so far has been my rice cooker, got it 5 years ago for $15 on sale at Walmart. Long gone are the days of MinuteRice, my ex made fun of me back in 2019. Jasmine Rice and that rice cooker. Perfecta. 👌🏼
saucepan surrounds egg in boiling water resulting in softer less dry cooking
Anyone knows what happens if I let the egg sit in the device even after the water was used up? Will it become hard boiled? Or remained half boiled?
I’ve made two batches of hard-cooked eggs and both were perfect; easy to peel. Poached eggs are the best I’ve ever had.
Only used about 6 times so far but food turning out great. https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxK2YRU9uBOXzuIEV660Qo3sX7dJDJLg72  Nice tender roasts. You do want to get a lid to go over your stock pot to keep water from evaporating. I've used it for 6-48 hours with lots of luck. A lot is trial and error to figure out since thickness and cut help determine the best time. 135 always gives a perfect med (pink all the way through). I cooked frozen solid 3 1/2" roast for 48 hours ... it was so tender its almost falling apart. Nice to put it in and just forget about it, with silicone lid I didn't have to add water at all during 48 hours.
To change the hardness on the automatic, simply add or subtract a little water. No timer needed.
Just add a bit less water than suggested for the soft boil egg. The machine will go off a bit earlier. The key thing for the machine is you can set it and forget it til it's done. No watching the pot for water to boil and you could do other things in the meantime.
Do you put hole side up or down? Thanks
I use a steamer with a little water and set a timer. Not opposed to gadgets but it’s easy to use a multipurpose steamer for this
16 min 😂I can boil it faster on stove
This guy really knows his eggs, impressive
I don't really think these are for random people cooking at home. LOL. This is designed for travelers in motels, Van Lifers, College dorms etc. For those situations, these are great. (Psst, I have one)
I got 1 of these this week, I've never done anything but hard boiled eggs, so I tried the other 2, I discovered that I don't like soft or medium boiled, but they both did turn out perfectly. You can also do omelets and poached eggs and steam some meats and veggies. They also have a musical alarm now. Great bang for your buck if you eat a lot of eggs. Also if cooking for 1 or 2.
Rarely have I wanted to rip my hair out more on watching a video than this one. I haven't boiled an egg in a pot in twenty years. Are we living in the third world? Seriously. Twenty bucks for an egg cooker? Are you kidding me? Ten at most. 16 minutes for hard boiled eggs? What a shitty device. Maybe 13 at most are acceptable.  Factoring in the waste of water and energy on the normal method and the simple fact that there are lots of models with a dial for your desired consistency, it's not even close. The consistency can be dialed in perfectly after at worst three tries, especially since most people have a distinct preference and never change it after having found the perfect setting.   Furthermore, please use a burner that is the right size for your pot. I can't tell you enough how much my OCD acts up when seeing such a thing. Also, please turn the egg and needle slightly while piercing it to prevent cracking the egg inadvertantly.   What is that ice water crap I always see? All you need to do is lower the egg temperature below 65 degrees Celsius (I think, don't nail me to the cross on that one) to stop the coagulation. A very small bowl of cold tap water does the same thing.   Rant over. God, that felt great.
This is great. It is amazing to live in modern times. I have one with 9 in so I can stockpile and even share with people and plan for a picnic the next day. As I am really absent minded and busy, i would often 'leave the cooker on' and then I would go to work and worry if I have left something on. I like the fact it has a timer and you don't have to be hovering round it all the time, waiting for the water to boil. It is also great if you are in a flatsharing facility and you want to avoid the OCD flatmates and flatmates in general.As someone with social anxiety it is great. The one I have does omelettes and steams veg too. Also with energy rising, it maybe a lot cheaper? This will be really handy, I hope I don't break it. '#uk #london
I just bought a Dash express egg cooker & I'm really happy with it!  Check it out:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUzU40pElmU
You're supposed to add the eggs to cold water, with some salt added if you want to stop eggs cracking. I've never had an egg crack during cooking when doing it that way. Put into hot, let alone boiling water, cracks are common in my experience
Looks like they just made things more complicated. I'd go for the pan every time. And the pan can be used for more than boiling eggs. What can the egg boiler be used for except boiling eggs?
Peel em for me too and I’m sold
That annoying alarm will make me toss it into the trash can, since the beginning.
You are full of BS.
coming from a country where every household has one of these cookers, his reaction are amusing. And seriously never use a pan that is smaller than your cooking plate. not very professional
For softer boiled eggs, use less water.
I have an electric stove too. It uses a ton more electricity to run the stove compared to the little heating element of the egg cooker. However since I don't boil eggs often it's not worth buying it.
I bought it cuz it can make poached eggs
Me and my twin sis watching this at 3AM trying to lower the volume of the alarm:
I was actually under the same impression why spend 20 bucks on a rapid egg boiler, but in reality it has worked out better than i expected. I can drop and go then remind by that buzzer of hell that my eggs are ready, opposed to having to wait for the water to boil then drop the eggs in , then keep checking hoping the water hasn't boiled over or forgetting about it, then and ofc the cleaning of the pan afterwards. additionaly I can do poached and Omelets in my rapid 3 in 1egg boiler.  So for 20 bucks I feel it's worth it. ofc it's not needed but it's a QOL gadget.
Much prefer egg cookers
There is cheaper and quicker machines out there. That one isn't very good. Look for an alternative
Drop the egg into the pot with water and boil for 5 minutes will get you few hard-boiled eggs. I dont understand why spend such money into buying a trash? You dont even need to review trash.
Bro who hired him?
So what does that mean? YoU pUt MoRe EgGs sO tHe 6 EgGs gEt cOlDer STUPID
So you do 3 and you do 6 in another hhmmm intersting
Listen this machine is the only reason I make eggs, it’s so easy and that’s the point.
the egg cooker is a good device and its pretty cheap now $16.99 on amazon worth it
Am I they only one weirded out by the fact that the egg yolk is yellow and not light orange-y? Is that how eggs look in US?
I have a similar eggs streamer that only takes 8 minutes. Maybe because it's a 220V model?
You are wasting time boiling too much water.
Brilliant!👍🏽 Thanks for sharing! What choice to make?  https://kitchendining.net/best-egg-cookers/
Says the CHEF who boils egg for a lining. Regular consumers have a hard time boiling eggs
$20!!! it's like $3 in India
Ok this is a GREAT Video. Well done!  You have a new subscriber. Every bit of info I needed, no stupid behavior or arrogance, just great.  The alarm would be a deal breaker for me. Frankly, I like the more creamy soft boiled egg, I do not consider that runny egg a soft boiled egg. One other thing, that pan with the broken eggs is going to be a pain to clean. Also, I think (and this is the reason I want one) I could set up the egg cooker the night before, like I do my coffee, and then press the button in the morning and have my soft boiled eggs.  (I am not a morning person). Anyway, awesome job.
love the rapid egg cooker it is so convenient because of the alarm and less mess..soft just add less water
the current Dash egg cooker has a musical chime now per amazon.
Mine come out like the pot boiled eggs all the time. You probably put too much water in the cup because the sensor in the rapid egg cooker doesn't go by time but temperature of the hot plate to know when the water is evaporated and then it shuts off and sounds an alarm.
This gadget is good for soft boiled eggs, not hard boiled.
It doesn't use a timer it uses the amount of water measured and the reason you poke a hole in the bottom is the release the air on a small pocket at the bottom of the egg to prevent breaking. When you review something you really should have the correct facts.
Put a lid on the pot to boil much faster!
"in 2019, this list helped me decide for the best egg cooker *scafe.shop/tbec2019?E9* hope it helps you out too!"
About a year ago, I found a Maverick Henrietta Hen Egg Cooker at a thrift store for $4. It works great, and was definitely worth the $4. I often see Dash egg cookers at the thrift store too, at $5
Amazon has this for $14 bucks on sale so i picked this up. I have a kitchen device buying addiction tbh but i still like the idea of a egg cooker.
Do an egg cooker vs. rice cooker. I was gonna get an egg cooker till I realized I can do everything the egg cooker does in my rice cooker!
The pin might be useful, alleviate pressure from expansion as it heats. I can get a push pin for practically free, so it’s not that useful.
1:10😂🤣👩🏽‍💻
Surely you can't be that stupid not to follow the right directions of the egg cooker
the rapid steamer/cooker is so much better. It's so much quicker...no waiting on water to boil. Easier to clean. Easier to time...egg cooker shuts off automatically. I'm lazy when it comes to cooking so I opt for the cooker. They're so cheap anyway, may as well get one if you have the space. Also, they have quiet ones now.
There is an easier and quicker way to boil eggs, look it up on chef Jon's channel
When I was in the Army and lived In the barracks, I was not “allowed” to have a hot plate and my only sink was in the bathroom. Not a fan of washing dishes in there. My electric egg cooker was one of my prized possessions, and it worked perfectly every time. Many of my buddies ended up getting one as well because it was so nice to have fresh cooked eggs without having to go to the dining facility.   PS. The model I had didn’t have an audible alarm; it simply shut off and so the light went out when done.
🤔Can’t say it’s a waste of money... if you travel a lot this could be an amazing investment you can just put those eggs and forget about it until they’re ready, also if you put more water than recommended the runny egg will be overcooked.
Too long
i just steam my eggs. all you have to do is put about a half inch of water and wait to reach boiling. then put your eggs in and put the lid on. in 5-10 min your egg is done based on level  of cooking. the resulting egg white is fully cooked but still very tender.
Put the eggs in the water before turning on heat, bring to boil then turn off heat.  The machine, though is a lot more convenient - no timing, takes up less space, no stove needed, etc.  Results the same - boiled eggs.
when I use the stove top I usually put eggs in while it gets hot. rather rthan put it in lter. .cause it feels like the eggs break easer
clearly the egg cooker is better. faster. no dealing with boiling water-- just step to the side when you remove the lid. i do wish he's have went through washing it.
Jeez! Maybe it’s just the aqua version but mine plays the cutest little song when they’re done hehe
I bought the "copper chef" version of the egg cooker and LOVE it, only $15 at Walmart, looks very similar in design to the one in this video but no alarm.  The way this thing works is that when the water is all boiled away, it automatically shuts off.  I only want hard boiled, but if you want soft boiled, the trick would be to experiment with the amount of water used, to get your version of perfect.  I used to have a real problem shelling the eggs, and always lost chunks of white when peeling.  Now I never lose anything, here's how:   To shell the egg, I first put the eggs into cold tap water, and then take one out and lightly whack the side with the hole punched on the counter top, and then continue whacking the shell in a circular spiral, moving down towards the bottom, and then whack the bottom, so the eggshell is all broken up, but still intact.  Then I hold the egg between both palms and roll my hands around with a light inward pressure.  After a few rotations, the inner membrane will tear and the shell will start to slide off intact, like a used garment.  I drop it back in the water and repeat this for all the eggs.  Then I separate the eggs from the  broken shells under water, which helps to wash all the shell bits off.  I pour off the water, then dump (or compost) the eggshells.  There is ANOTHER ADVANTAGE in using this handy device.  It uses very little electricity to do this, whereas the heating element on the stove to boil water in a pot uses  a lot more electric energy to do the very same job.
Thank you, I'll skip buying it! :) Did not have to waste $15!
Buying my cute little Elite Cuisine cooker was the best $20 I ever spent. I know it sounds stupid but I could NEVER get my eggs perfectly hard-boiled, there was always something off, which sucked because they're one of my favorite foods! Now I can snack on them whenever I want, and I don't have to THINK about it!
This guy is AMAZING!!!
gross that soft boiled egg just looks bad sorry. i don't now how anyone can eat that. i do eat fried eggs with yoke but that is different. after 12 min with the hard boiled directions min looked like the one you did on stove btw. this would have been perfect if you wanted that. also you did it wrong for soft boiled. at least with the one i have there is a shorter time along with less water so this is user error.
Most people don't know that you can boil eggs in  6 mins... And you only need enough water to have the egg submerged about half way with a lid.  Look up boiling eggs + America's test kitchen, they explained this years ago
I have a fantastic hard-boiled egg maker.  It's called a pot.
I like egg cookers but if u buy the same size eggs u can work out the perfect oip time for soft medium and hard very easy.  And u eat soft boiled eggs warm directly from the cooker u dont chill them like in this video better test if u cut them open directly after cooking.
Did I just get dabbed on
My neighbor has one of these. I tried it for soft-boiled. I used the machine, not a timer like the video. My eggs came out way undercook and the whites very water and partially raw. I'm not impressed for soft-boiled. But for hard-boiled it's great
Rough night last night?
16 minutes is not rapid. I figured out on my stove it takes 17 minutes for 4 eggs with water a half inch above them to go from cold water to hard boiled.
I have like three of these, not the exact brand. It's amazing for making perfectly round soft omelettes.
Clifford looks like a bigger Leonardo DiCaprio
I've had a few different brands of egg cookers. Most recommend washing the eggs prior. I also use filtered water to decrease mineralization on the bottom.   Honestly, I can never get eggs right in a pot. The quick cookers (I have a pink dash brand one that was purchased on clearance still in box as backup. Have an elite brand on the counter, a cuisinart at my mom's) took the guess work out of it. We only do hard boiled (hubs is an egg eater).
Try reading the instructions next time. Assuming you can read.
we get it for 2 dollars in india
I bought recently this egg cooker and I am really satisfied fancyonline.shop/28x/ The high ratings and reviews convinced me.
Thanks for dressing up for the video shoot LOL how professional.
Is this soft boiled from a room temp egg or out of the fridge?
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Difference between eggs and water temperature forces eggs to break
Uselles item... Next time cover pot then will be faster...
Why is this jackalope doing 'tests' which inevitably deliver botched results. Just like the ice cream maker comparison there are issues. Ridiculous. Btw, I make my eggs in my portable rice cooker when I travel and know that I won't have a kitchen with a stove.
Thanks, bro! You saved me $10. :) It's easier to remember 6/11, than bothering with egg holes, measuring water and prepare nervous system for the siren. :)) What I never did is putting eggs in a *boiled* water - I always put 'em in cold. But then I don't know from what time to measure those 6/11.
10 minutes to reach a rolling boil? Omg
2:34 is too funny! And 3:28 remember you poked a hole in them soooo hummm, rough night :-) Why didn't you cover the pan to boil the water faster?    Why not put the eggs in the cold water and let them heat up with the water? I do that and then take it off the heat when it starts to boil. I wait ? minutes (depending on how boiled I want them) and then take them out. The small thing seems like it might take less energy thus less pollution BUT it also seemed to make a mess in the pan part thus causing more water to be used in cleaning (perhaps). Who needs to clean a pan when you only boiled water in it vs that thing? Humm, the egg cooker uses less water too. Perhaps distilled or filtered water would not make such a mess? Soak in vinegar to clean?    My conclusion: I like using less water and less energy and being able to set it and forget it (for my wife because she can not watch a pot for any reason sooo humm, another birthday gift to go with those SS waterless cookware set etc...
We got one of these in a Amazon returns lot and I love it!  Best part about it, you don’t get that stank you get with the pot.  It’s also way faster than waiting for the pot to heat up.  It made perfect hard and soft boiled eggs and it didn’t take 16 min, more like 12 for hard.  When I do them on the stove I let them boil for 2min then turn off the heat and let them sit 15-20 min, so way longer.  Have yet to try poached.  Now of course if you need to make a ton, you’re going to want to use your pot. Also, put your eggs in the pot first then add water to heat.  Don’t drop them into boiling water.
YES, I need everything.
damn that egg maker got an amber alert
That looks like an incubator.
I have had one of these for years and I haven’t boiled an egg since. My husband likes soft/medium eggs and they’re always perfect. This is perfect for those of us that are add.
You have no idea what you're doing. Are you cold?
if you put vinegar in the water they are not going to break
My dash egg cooker doesn’t make that sound. It doesn’t make a sound at all 🤔
I think what everyone testing this gadgets forgets is how much water you use effects your consistency. And also for the environment it's better to use less  water so we have a clear winner 🥇
Is it just me or does this Rapid Egg Cooker look exactly like this incubator? https://www.amazon.com/Kidsidol-Incubator-Digital-Poultry-Hatching/dp/B07BGQL95R/ref=sr_1_cc_8?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1539471493&sr=1-8-catcorr&keywords=egg+incubator
I have found the egg cooker to be *slightly* off, solution: adjust your water amount accordingly.  I love that I can set it and go get ready for the day till I hear the buzzer. I don’t like boiling eggs in a pot anymore because of  the attention they require
We have a rapid egg cooker and find it useful. You can easily tweak the doneness by adjusting how much water you use (do you fill it up just below the line on the cup? right to the line? above the line?) and how long you let it sit afterwards.
If you cant bloody hard boil an egg don’t get anywhere close to a stove.
I'm into quick solutions,but I prefer the classic style,the rapid egg cooker can break your eggs,and they may be not fully cooked
Interesting. I've always been told to bring to a boil with the eggs in the water, then when boiling remove from heat and let sit
I use that rapid cooker and I love it. You just have to get the hang of the times.
Starts video, sees dab, leaves.
Any moron can boil a egg
The elusive soft boiled egg, nothing beats a pan.
I’m a big fan of this guy.
If you’re like me and you don’t even eat the yolks and you feed them to your dog this is perfect
I love my rapid egg cooker, I use it all the time and I am a middle aged good cook. I can set and walk away till the alarm says turn it off.  To get a runny boiled egg,  you use less water if you are using less then 6 eggs. It also has trays to make poached eggs and omelettes. Set it, get dressed, eggs are done while you do something else.
But if you want to make an omelet the rapid egg cooker is better.
You have to consider the temperature of the eggs for the rapid egg cooker, especially in the poaching mode.  If you use cold eggs, you'll likely end up too soft.  Anything beyond hard boiled requires just a little more attention.
The main reason I got that egg cooker.  I don't gotta stand by the stove.  Pop in a few eggs and go take a shower and its done.
Just use a pot and a vegetable steamer insert. Bonus, steaming makes it easier to peel the eggs.
7min eggs. Bring water to a boil turn off burner, put in eggs, put cover on, 7 min later done.
So far no clear winner? When it took 5 minutes less at minimum?
thanks for helping make my mind up...  I appreciate the unbiased opinions like always...  Unlike QVC... where everything is always sunny and perfect!!!
You can actually just put the eggs in the water immediately and once it gets to a boil, then you start a timer for 10 minutes. No need to wait for the water to boil before putting the eggs in :)
Just put less water in for a soft boiled egg.
I'd love to see a video on hacks for this gadget. It's basically just a mini-steamer, so I'm guessing you could do veggies, dumplings and other dim sum...maybe even rice.
Poking the egg allows air inside to exit the egg
I have one of these except it has two cups for poaching as well as the egg holder, plus it turns off by itself once the water is gone.
3 minute boil for soft. 5 minute boil for hard.  What is so hard about that?
Why did it take 10 minutes to get the water to boil. Our does it in 1-2 minutes...
Bad methodology makes the comparison irrelevant: use an electric kettle to boil your water, save 7 minutes and some energy. Job done.  Also when you have boiling water you can reuse your water to make a second batch or a third batch of eggs!
"uses the hard boiled option" then says the soft boiled egg is too hard to be considered soft boiled
I boil my water in a kettle before moving it to a hot stove, easily cuts the boiling time in half
there's no way it took 10 minutes for a rolling boil
Are those eggs free range
I just got an ad before this vid about egg cookers
I bought it for 4$ : /
this dude really doesnt care what the results were... he's just craving for those boiled eggs tbh
Or just get an sousvide circulator that you can use for a lot more too
If you want a really GOOD hard boiled egg you have to start the eggs in cold water in the pan  at least one inch over the eggs place on heat bring to boil and let it boil one minute then turn the heat off cover and set aside for 8 minutes perfect hard boiled eggs every time
As long as you have method, its super easy to cook perfect eggs on stove. Havent eaten egga for long while, but my method for medium egg was to fill pan with cold water, dropp eggs in and let it come to boil. After 5min of boil it should be done.
professional egg eating researcher here. I don't know what you did there, but cooking hard boiled eggs only takes me ten 8-10 minutes tops with a electric stove. from cold water to boiled, then done. eat them with salads every week. your electric stove must suck. lol
I have a Westbend brand toaster that has an egg cooker attached. My family uses it regularly!  It saves some water which is nice, and i dont have to worry about accidentally leaving the stove on in the morning.
this guy is like a budget more behaved matty matheson
Do all the eggs in ur country look inedible and bright marker yellow like these?
Hey, could you do a ‘do you need a bread maker’ video? I’ve always wonder about it. Thanks!
You didn't factor in the setup and hole-poking time for the rapid cooker. Or the fact that with a big pot you can boil a dozen eggs instead of 6.
I have to wonder if the soft boiled eggs wouldn't have turned out better had you removed them when the buzzer sounded. You left them in there a good 30 seconds longer and 30 seconds could easily make a difference when you're talking about soft boiled eggs.
4:50 thats what she said      a little bit of white spewed out, its not the end of the world, its still an egg
You gotta put the lid on Zuckerberg! Botched experiment..
you forgot to factor in all the prep time for the egg cooker
omg dude nether wear soft boiled. and the times wear way off and you cooled them wrong. also the green thing you get is from old eggs that green is from a egg starting to build salfer from degrading do to age. boiling a egg is way faster. for a real soft boiled egg. take a pan fill with hot tap water a half inch then drop in 1tb of salt then bring to a boil with the lit on once at a boil drop in the eggs pute the lid back on and set a timer for 6:30 leaving the lid on listed once it sounds like they are starting to boil turn the burnder down to the lowest you can with out turning off in the time never remove the lid after the buzzer goes off set them in the sink and run the gold water in the pan for 3 min then crack and eat. want them a little more runny take off burner right away and dump out the got water then repeat the running under cold water for 3 min or fill with gold water ice and salt and let sit 3 min. I have ben cooking eggs for a long time working on how to make the perfect egg. the thing that is the hardest is cooking with a electric store the times is never perfect but with gas it is. I also no how to make the perfect scrambled eggs in a microwave.
I had the same one but in red.  Worked absolutely fine for me.  Only reason I got rid of it was the brownness on the bottom, and I barely used it after a while.  I would get it again.
You really don’t know how to boil eggs... Seriously, GTS! Alton Brown and Martha Stewart have come up with easy fool-proof methods.
I don't get it ,you guys don't have a kettle for boiling water ?
I have one under my bed
That's the same egg cooker on Cow Chop. It looked like crap and they just covered themselves in the eggs so take that as you will
I bought mine for $6
Try the silicone “egg shell” that you crack an egg into so you don’t have to peel it vs diy methods.
$19 ? The have tons of these exact same egg cookers at all of the TJ Maxx, Home Goods, and Marshalls in my town for under $10 ! I bought several as Christmas gifts.  If you're always making hard-boiled eggs in the busy morning (some people LOVE packing hard-boiled eggs to work), then I think the machine is worth it - just add the water, put eggs in, press button, and then go brush your teeth, shower, etc. With a stove top, you have to wait there at the stove for the water to come to a rolling boil - my electric stove takes almost 5 minutes to come to a boil - which is a lot of time when you're super busy in the mornings.
It' not hard boiled eggs, it's hard cooked eggs. When you cook in water, you don't boil. You bring water to a boil then turn off heat and let sit for 15 min. Then cool in ice water for easier peeling.
That "rapid egg cooker" looks almost exactly like a cheap incubator I saw online. XD
RIP headphone users.
Fascinating how a number like "99$" can kill off your interest like in an instant
I believe the pin is an aspect of the Julia Child way of boiling eggs
It looks like and incubator
I found that you can use a pressure cooker to hard/soft boil bajillion eggs at the same time. Same principle but probably faster still and not a unitasker.
I think you need to redo the soft boil portion of this. I won't buy it anyways but you came in with a biased mindset and didn't do what it told you to do for a soft boiled egg.
I find stuff like this funny. I just toss some eggs into boiling water, take it out after a bit and eat it. Don't even care if its hard or soft or runny or w/e. Egg is egg in my belly.
All you need is about a half inch of water in the pot, which hardly takes any time to boil. Then once you see bubbles and steam, you're good to go. Steaming and boiling eggs do the same thing, but steaming is more consistent since the temperature is always right around 212 F. Let it stand from 5 to 12 minutes (soft to hard) and then fill the pot with cold water.
“Do you hear that?” YES TURN IT OFF!
you can boil more eggs at a time in the pot.  pot wins
But also it takes 16 minutes for 6 eggs while in a pot it may take longer but you can make more without increasing the time
Invalid test, the rapid cooker was not used in accordance with its design. You want soft boiled eggs, you put in the quantity of water for soft boiled eggs and they will be perfect. You DO NOT put in the quantity of water for hard boiled eggs and pull some out early for soft boiled eggs...Epic Fail!
You should have timed from the start of taking the eggs out of the fridge... all that prep work. Just the cooking time is slightly misleading.
This isn’t a fair comparison. I steam my eggs. I use a pot and steamer basket.   The timing will be a lot closer, and you’ll have a steamer basket, which is was more useful
Sous vide
Put less water for the soft boiled! Eggcooker is a huge time saver. You put the eggs and press the button and you're done. No water, no waiting for boil, no need to stand over it and watch for spills etc. It's fire and forget. I dont even poke them. Then it's done and you turn it off. I bought mine for 9 bucks. It holds 7 eggs and Ive cooked hundreds so far.
My mom had one shaped like a chicken!
Green marks mean over cooked ya spoon
666 subs...
Aww man not this guy again
Man, why do people hate on Cliff so much? The comment section is just vitriolic.
I tend to use my electric kettle (boiling inside 2 minutes) to make my water hot for boiling eggs. Because it's slow otherwise.
How many specialized spoons do you have?
Hmm. I have some good ideas for this.
We use a similar one at work for eggs in the morning. It works fantastic. Superior to boiling them.
If you want your egg steamed, then just use a steamer.  Unitaskers are a waste of money
There are so many haters on this guy's comparison videos.  Are there really that many of you who are so worked up by a negative review of a kitchen gadget that you need to whack this guy again and again? If you like the product then buy it!  He has his opinion and so do you.  No need to condemn him just because he dislikes your favourite tool.
People will buy plastic shit like this for comedy value, then ditch it. These little throwaway items will always be around.
1.Put water and eggs into the pot, water should cover eggs. 2.Cover. 3.Start the heat. 4.When water starts to boil, count 8,5 minutes 5.Cool it under the cold water
The fact that the rapid egg cooker is just easier in a sense, and you can just let it do it’s thing is why it’s easier in a sense.
Using my electric stove and hot water from the tap with a pot a little bigger than the one in this video, it took just over 3 mins to come to a rolling boil uncovered. I don't get how that took 10 mins unless that range is just really weak.
When does looking like a slob make this guy an expert?
Can you guys do one of these on an instant pot?
The amount of water you add to the egg cooker determines how long it cooks for. Add less water to cook less time, to taste. If you really like soft-boiled eggs, then it wouldn't take too many attempts to dial it in.
Eater pls let this guy know that when boiling eggs you put  tge eggs with the cold water only dumb people wait for the water to boil and then put the eggs in
boring review
Is it illegal to boil water using a lid on cooking shows?
How can you seriously fuck up a boiled egg?
Never actually seen someone test something so basic and simple and still not knowing how it works :/  It has no timer, it's completely controlled by the amount of water.   If you add the fact, that you compared this devise, which you never used to a technique you probably "practiced" hundreds of times is completely stupid.  Sorry man, super weak video
Who boils eggs in water anyway? It's not the 40s
I have one of those egg cookers. I have a measuring cup with the perfect amount of water to use per 2 eggs, and when the cooker turns off, I got perfectly soft boiled eggs. It also takes about 5 seconds to set up and get it going while I go do other stuff.
Who boils an egg for 16 minutes :s...?
I have one of those and it has a timer,so I load it up after every breakfast so that when I wake up the next morning and after my shower it's already done and I have soft boiled eggs for breakfast.
Why not put the egg before you turned on the stove. Would have saved you some time.
This is bullshit. It comes with a measuring cup that shows how much water you need for different levels of doneness. He didn't even use the product correctly.
20 bucks? You can get those for like 5-10.  If you want softer eggs just use less water. The timer goes off when it doesnt have any water left. And why is it something strange for so many people? I have seen some people who are like its something from the Future. Its kinda like a Popcorn Maker. Many think for some reason that Popcorn is so bad for you because it is made with so much Oil/Butter. But with a Popcorn Maker you just use Hot Air and many dont even believe this exist. In the end it is way better to cook your eggs with this. It takes less Energy, less water and you always know exactly when it is done. When you eat a lot off eggs. Then it is a very good investment.
Do u need a 20$ egg bolier ?  You can do this.... BUT CAN U DO THIS _/  ___
"a little bit of that white stuff spewed out" thats def what she said
If you put your eggs in cold water (just covered) and let it come to a boil, I'm pretty sure it's faster than this obsolete unitasker...
This series is so stupid. Eater, please stop!!
I got one of these when i started university and couldn’t cook in my dorm. I usually hate kitchen gadgets that have one sole purpose, but this was actually super useful. It makes eggs perfectly and I used it to poach/steam salmon and veggies with it.
10 mins Jesus too long eater, shorter videos would be easier
he didn't follow the instructions. I make a perfect soft boil egg with the rapid egg cooker.
I use an egg cooker because i have it at work in the office. We have no stove, so i pop this on in the kitchen and can have eggs and toast for breakfast :)
This deserved the thumbs up and not that $250 rice cooker that you had on before. Honestly.
I have one and it’s fucking awesome.
Put a half inch of water in a small to medium pot.  Turn it on high.  When water is boiling put the eggs in and cover so you're basically steaming the eggs.  You can do 1 to many eggs and it won't affect the time to cook.  Timing for the eggs actually cooking will be similar to a boil but in total time it should be quicker than both the deep water pot and the egg maker.  America's Test Kitchen did this a few years ago and it's been the way I boil eggs ever since.
Wait. Ok. I'm pausing the video before it even gets 5 seconds in to make a prediction.. He's gonna make a completely biased comparison between the two methods of cooking with the 'traditional' method coming out on top.... I'm either psychic or he does this all the time. (Also, 19.99 is a lot less of an investment then a kitchen stove. Priced those lately?)
As Alton Brown of "Good Eats" fame will tell you "single tasker" tools are pointless and a waste of money. I use a bamboo steamer set over some water in a wok on a natural gas range. Nine minutes of steaming yields perfect soft "boiled" eggs. I get far more consistent results steaming the eggs than I do boiling them. Too, boiling frequently results in one or more cracked (deformed) eggs while steaming rarely does so.
great episode! just a but shakey imo try using a tripod
I don't have access to a kitchen so this just went on to my list of things to buy..
Of course the soft boiled egg in the rapid cooker wouldn’t turn out right. You guys used a result based you’re specified time. My mom bought one these last year and not once has it failed me on a soft boiled egg. Use the amount specified by the measurement tool and it will give you a perfect. This test was misleading and did not throughly highlight the capabilities of the gadget
Is it normal to not cover the pot when boiling water at Eater?
Please never do dat. Pinching an egg can enhance your chances to get salmonellosis by letting the shell make contact with the egg
$20? I got one for $8.99 and without the annoying buzz. Even for $20 I think is worth it. If you put less water then it automatically stops and you'll get soft boil eggs. For perfect eggs, get a sous vide.
I need this . I almost burnt the house down because I forgot I was boiling eggs downstairs twice .
I put my eggs in for 4min for soft.
I like the machine because I can set it up before I brush my teeth and do whatever I gotta do and come out to eggs.
bullshit, my water thing gives me hot water, and it takes like 10 minutes to boil an egg, the machine doesnt worth it
if yoiu're trying to boil water on the stove put a fucking lid on it so it'll be done in 5 minutes. there. save you a few bucks. and your kitchen doesn't have to stink
you seem bias the whole time.
Lol, Clifford looks like he's coming off a 3 day coke bender
Not going to lie, I have the cooker in red. We use it almost daily and it works great although that alarm makes me run to it to turn it off.  Also we dont poke the holes and it works fine.
Kettle. 2 minutes to boil
YES! Another Do you need episode!
Cooks hardboiled and softboiled (with your own timer) eggs faster, taste is the same, but no clear winner, right
Who in the world puts eggs in boiling water? You put the eggs in cold water and then put the kettle on the stove. Jesus, has your momma taught you nothing?!
Making boiled eggs in a pot is even quicker if you just use less water so that they're half-immersed. Not only does the water reach boiling point quicker, but the steam that gets produced cooks them quicker than pure water. I get hard boiled eggs in 10 minutes. Factor in the quicker boil time (around 1-2 minutes) and it's an even quicker method.
If you're a college student who isn't super concerned with a perfectly cooked soft egg or are willing to pull early, it could be really great. You have to consider that for $20 you can circumvent not having a stove or pots and pans. It's even smaller than a microwave, and possibly better at boiling eggs than any sort of microwave solution. For that, it's a great deal. For me, a stove owner and master egg boiler, I'll have to pass, but definitely don't discount it outright.
you should put the eggs in cold water before starting heat
No.
Why do these videos get so many dislikes?
Where did you hat go bro?
If ya had of covered the pot the water would have boiled faster, chef!
Boil water in a kettle first and you’ll slash minutes. No need for a silly egg cooker either
What a silly test. How hard is it to boil water and put on a timer? With induction you are super quick.  At the end of the day the result is a function of the eggs internal temperature, its size and at what altitude you boil it at.  Also the music a bit annoying imho.
what is the point of this series if he always decides the basic one!
Instructions unclear, I boils my chickens while. Now there’s feathers everywhere and I can’t get the their screams out of my head.
The water would boil faster with a lid :P.
Your testing method is very flawed, as you went by time instead by water quantity, with the rapid cooker...plus, you placed the eggs in the standard pot when the water was already boiling, while the rapid cooker eggs started from a dead cold start.  All of these factors invalidate your final results, so this video was a complete waste of not only your time, but of ours too.
Why would you want to pull it early? The water level defines the 'doneness', so if you want it softer..just add less water! And you'll still have the alarm when the eggs are at your preferred texture.
does not take 10 minutes to boil water. lies i tell you. LIES!!
Nope
I have this thing, and the value of pushing a button and forgetting about it is awesome. But I am not picky at all about eggs, just like hardboiled and thats it.
I love this series, does cliff remind anyone else of Alton Brown with his approach to testing gadgets?
I won one of my these egg cookers at a fundraiser, to be fair I never would've bought it out right. But I absolutely love it and use it all the time. I find that the eggs peel much easier probably because of the little hole you put in. Also it's good if you're multitasking in the kitchen because it doesn't take up a burner, and you can set it and walk away and it will turn itself off (my version doesn't have the buzzer but will automatically shut off when the water is gone so the eggs don't over cook) I find it very convenient and I love to use it to make extra hard boiled eggs for salads and stuff without having to stand there and watch pot. If you're someone that likes hard boiled eggs definitely get one!
If you have an electric pressure cooker, you already have the best egg cooker known to man. 5 minutes under pressure, pop in an ice bath and done.  You will never make a hard boiled egg that is easier to peel!  They will literally jump out of their shells.
you can produce consistent eggs with the egg cooker, and it is much more convenient because there's no need for any time watching, just chug the eggs in (skip the piercing part), set the water amount and press the button to start. Go do your other stuff, when it is done you will hear it.
I love this guy! Keep up good work!
WTH?! It takes me 5 minutes to bring my pot of water to a boil when cooking ramen.
This series has become really well done
I love my egg cooker..I can set it and walk away.. it will not let you forget about it with that siren like noise it makes.
Indint think this was fair.  The rapid egg cooker is steaming.  So maybe you should have steamed the egg in the pot?
Why was there only 3 eggs in the thing when you opened it? and 3 already in an ice bath... If youre going to frame this as an experiment, at least do it properly and transparently.
I would love to get a reply from you :3
yea you didnt do it right. shouldve done a separate cook for softboiled with teh machine since u have to put in less water. itll prolly work fine.
Currently at 4:10 in the video, and once again, Cliff doesn't cover the water to boil. WHYYYYYYYYYY
No.
idiots that cool with plastic would love this.
Would it make a difference which type of cooker your using -gas- hot plate- induction? And for me it's weather it can do a soft boiled egg ?
You dig that little hole to the eggs because this way they do not crack, just like it happened to yours.
What if you want 7 eggs?
Test popcorn poppers
As a brit I obviously have an electric kettle, which I'd use to pre boil the water in about 90 seconds, or would you count that as a unitasker?
use half a cm of water in a pan just put the eggs in, high heat, lid on, 10 mins later hard boiled eggs.
You just add less water, I love mine!
I've personally started using the steamer tray in my rice cooker to great effect
I have one of those microwave egg cookers. Picked it up for $2 or $3. It's never failed me.
This looks so cheap and is nothing special here in germany. And for that i would only pay 10€ .
ass
Great video great food.
didn't you put in more water than the soft boil mark?
Why not just buy a steamer basket?
2 second
🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
1st!
