My guy, thank you for putting this video together. I'm at this process in a couple 1st time projects and you were super detailed and informative. Well done
Liked and subscribed ❤ thanks! I'm building a guitar amp, it will look amazing thanks to you ❤😊
All the thousands of small edits you do all the time, makes this impossible to watch! You gotta let it breath it a bit. I'ts almost a comic effect. Edited to death.
Wish I knew the name of the first dye?
Thanks !  I am trying to do a "tree timeline" for the local historical museum.  I think the tree disc is dried enough. Tree was 185 years old.
How did you get the more 3D effect in the bottom piece of wood at 11:00?
I love it when I find a video that answers my exact question in the title, and provides a good explanation of the process!
Would any of this work on an outdoor fence of treated wood?
Thanks!
GREAT information
Thanks for sharing
Can you epoxy resin over the dyed shou sugi ban?
I'm an older cat that doesn't subscribe to many channels, I subscribe to yours.
140 coats, hahaha!
Dude, thank you for breaking down the videos prior to this. I wish more people would realize that YT videos really shouldn't be more than 15 minutes circa 2024.
Polycrylic was a great top coat thank u
Thank you! You are a very good teacher. ❤
great video. you do a good job explaining and talking to your audience i subscribed.
💪🏻👊🏻👍🏻✌🏻❤️🇩🇪
This video series is super informative.  Thank you very much!
Im making a coffee table and planning on doing the deep char and then brushing to get the better color. Generally like you said, this isnt the best way for a table sense you can feel the grain pattern. But instead of using poly to finish it, how good would a clear epoxy do? Wouldn't the epoxy help fill in the height difference of the grain giving a much smoother surface?
What color tint using on the yellow tint wood, looks really good
Great job 👍 Well detailed very informative, & good sense of humour
Have you tried milk paint? I wonder how it would look either wiping off or using a thin consistency?
chalk paint sirve?
Добрый день,  случайно попал на Ваш канал,  т.к. интересно колеровать брашированое дерево. Вы колеруете маслом или краской?
Exceptional tutorial dude!! Absolutely outstanding...thank you 🤟🏼
Thanks buddy. I really enjoy your perspective on things. Pls keep making vids and sharing your expertise.
Hey thank you so much! I'm a disabled vet and started woodworking to help my PTSD. I have a question.. I'm looking at the stains from Woodcraft and they are normal colors not vibrant colors.  Where can I find the vibrant colors and how about the Gel stain and glaze at Woodcraft? They look really bright.. Thanks in advance!!
My question would be how do you get all the char off so that you can stain it without it getting black on your hands and into the dye-stain? Am I maybe just not sanding enough? Or not brushing it off enough?  It started to rain here and us getting dark so I'm done for the day but I guess tomorrow I'll have to get back to I and try again.  Love your work and these videos, thank you for this.
How did you get the blue that is the cover for video #3
Hey
What kind of wood was used?
man , great video. I love Your videos.
Thank you sir for sharing your expertise on this subject. Most appreciated for a beginner like me.
Thank you I finally understand the difference between stain/dye & paint I've been looking for a clear explination you have done that *****sir Bravo!🎉
You really don’t need all of that to get good results.
Hey there, do you think a full char & Enduro var on top would hold up in the exterior elements? I'm considering using these beams I have (that I purchased, but didn't use in an interior rehab) to make outdoor benches. So I'm trying to see how I can make a non-pressure-treated beam have some last-ability outside. I wonder how many years I could get out of doing this method to it.
Wow this was such an inspiering video, thank you. Does the Dye or stain need to be redone over time?
https://youtube.com/shorts/M11OJ2ysdkM?feature=share
My blessing for today is finding you! Thank you!
oh so stain is like paint in that u can take it off…unlike pencil which is there for life
I used some Keda powdered dye mixed with alcohol to make the most beautiful benches I've ever seen. A year later the Sun completely faded the color and they look like hell. :*( I made a 6x6" mailbox post this week where I did a softwood burn and then used a stain, hoping the pigments will hold better under the sun, and made sure to use a poly with UV protection. Idk if I did the first time or not. The cherry stain really discolored the burn and with a metal piece to shield I had to reburn everything to get a deep black for the contrast I wanted. Looks fantastic, hope it holds up under the sun.
Are water based polyurathane ok to use for outdoor projects? Or should I use an oil based for weather purposes?
We did our front porch and unfortunately, it peeled and the burned wood kinda got lighter . We do have very hot summer and cold winter. And i think the rain this year made it worse . Any tips on fixing it? What stains and seals should we use?
Does the top coat level out the peaks and valleys, like if you wanted the look of the full char but also wanted a flat surface for a tabletop?
Very informative ty
What about rit dye and dissolving it in acetone and wiping it on?
The best thing ever I love this I did this on on my workbench drawers the door fronts amazing
I've been doing the surface burn for years thinking the char burn was insane! Today I did it and did the stiff wire brush...much better way ! Tomorrow char and clearcoat.
Old Masters gel stains…… ck them out! Best stain ever!!!
Have you tried staining red or white cedar that's shou sugi ban? How does it take if so? I want to create grey shou sugi ban cedar shutters. I have worked with pine, but can't seem to find information on how cedar takes grey stains, much less shou sugi ban cedar.  For an exterior project, for a wood like cedar, would you seal after staining over the shou sugi ban burn, or leave as is? If so, what type of sealant? Thanks!!
That unbrushed char with topcoat is the closest to the original, old school Japanese Yakisugi look with a bit of shine to it. I prefer to not add dye or stain to it, just a topcoat with the variation of colours from brushing it. Awesome video!
Yo my man dont worry about explaining too much , if someone has a problem with it they can mute or even watch something else . Granted tho not every word said will help or effect every single person in helping them . But even if just a few people out of 100 or 1000 get somthing from it ,that helps them afterall then it was well worth it in my book . Like for me , i work in metal , do alot of wood carveing and knife makeing amongst other things for hobbies and just now around 5 minutes in this video you made me realize how many yogurt cups my family go through and toss away , when they could be makeing perfect size mixing cups . Sure i have other things i use in the same spirit for mixing in a pinch ,cut plastic bottles or just the cap if real small ,or bottom of a soda can , but that one little container just slipped by me all these years un used i guess due to i dont really eat yogurt while crafting but im gonna stop tossing em now thats for sure so i thank you for that lil tid bit into your way of re useing something very common.
Hi! I’m a fellow wood maker and I want to ask you something. Is there any way I can contact you?   Great work! Thanks in advance
When dying or staining a larger area such as an outdoor shed can the dye or stain be applied by spray gun and do I still need to wipe off as I will be applying a much lighter coat or coats, ???....  Great videos direct with information not overcomplicating things or taking 20 mins waffling about stuff we don't need to hear 👍
For fully charred I find using a spray can for the first coat then brush for subsequent coats.  That way your brush doesn't damage the char
What stain + color did you use for the burnt wood in your thumbnail?
Thank you so much for the terrific video. I am a teacher in Melbourne. My students and I were all impressed with your presentation. Not too many people reveal all their secrets. You were not selfish and showed a lot of your expertise. We will watch all your videos now.
Is dyed SSB still waterproof?
What kind of stain brand  do you recommend to use on shou sugi ban
Can you use a stain like black Japan? Which I'm sure is acrylic? I love that black stain look on knife handle making. I've been wondering can I epoxy resin over the top as a final coat to make it stronger? And glossy? I did the fire burn on plywood handle. I know plywood isn't really the best but it was an experiment. And surprised me. The black Japan is a smelly can of paint? ( I think anyway). But if I can coat with epoxy? That would be awesome. Top job and tutorials. After so many different stains? I now want to restore everything in my house! Lol🙂. They all look amazing! Cheers from Australia subbed and liked. 🙂👍👍👍
your videos are so good thank you so much
Woodglut instructions is nice for that.
ANNNNNDDD before throwing out those foam brushes take the handle off and then u got a little wood dowel for whatever
Gracias por compartir esta información amigo, saludo desde Ecuador
Question: I did not see you do this with oil-based. You say you prefer water-based. However I'm having trouble locating the colors I want in water-based. Are there differences in technique when working with oil-based stains instead?  Thanks!
Thanks for the information, it’s a lot to learn
Was that 1st piece of wood a burnt piece? as in not just a surface burn? How did you get it to keep the wood color with such a dark grain?
Love this video man! Going back to watch the whole series.
I am surprised he didnt give a chance to Thung oil or Linseed oil ..
Just stumbled across your channel and watch your series on Shou Sugi Ban. Very informative and I have subscribed.  You do a great job of explaining things.   You didn't really touch on the texture and tactile nature of the wood which I think would be attractive for some pieces in itself. What I wanted to ask was how vulnerable is the full char to damage? Say bumps and dings...does it crush or flake off?
What topcoat did you apply on the full charr, didn't hear what was that black tin of clear coat?
Great videos! Do you find that charring the wood keeps the dyes from soaking into the wood as much as they would on non charred wood?
Funny that you mention oil based stains spontaneously combusting as that happened to me and my dad 5 years ago when stained the wood trim for the outside of the house. Finished staining everything, was using blue shop paper towels to wiped the excess stain off threw them into a metal grille-like trash can 🗑<- just like that one, and it spontaneously combusted LOL
Probably a stupid question.  Where adding stain to charred wood, do you need to change the texture of the wood?
I have attempted to do this.  I charred the wood to a black finish, used a wire brush, added Rustoleum Antique white stain.  Attempted to add it evenly.  I put it on lightly, but the board didn't have any white on it.  Added a little heavier.  Waited 5 minutes and wiped it off.  I couldn't see any stain on it after wiping it.
Muy bueno sin duda podemos trabajar la madera y los colores de una manera grandiosa 👍
I like the look of the brushed process but unsure how it would workout for a computer desk anyway process to then make it flat?
How do you get the yellow and orange look? Like the first piece you see when the video pops up.
Unicorn Spit water-based gel stains are the shizz. It is t easy to spread and the coverage is even.
Great video and we'll explained 👍
👍excellent video... I want to do some embellishment with a versa-tool on plywood . Is this the right order burn slogan, condition, stain, then polyurethane seal. 🤔
After wood burning a tabletop do you sand it at all before you polyurethane it? the tabletop is already sanded before the burning
This was very helpful, thanks
How do you think this could look on stair hand railing and the stringer
You do amazing work would you please do a wood gun stock before I jack my stock up I want to see how you do one
just perfect !!!thanx
First, Thank you. I had no clue how to achieve the look I had in mind for a media console I'm going to build. You helped me figure that out. Then, I have a question. I don't really understand what you would do with the super charred piece. Could you explain?
Bought some varathane recently.  Started using it and my first reaction was, " What the hell did I buy, paint "? Actually checked the can.
brilliant video pal, thank you.
Hi  Just seen your fab videos im looking to do the same, but on a bench outside, well under  a polycarbonate roof, may still get get wet from rain, is it ok to sit on would the finishes get onto your cloths . thanks Brian.
Great video..you got me Interested in this.love the look
I've been stripping a guitar body of paint for the past week and finally got it all cleaned up. These videos definitely convinced me to use your methods to give it a nice lustrous burnt look. Thank you!
someone told me burning wood protects it.  Is that true?
Um. I just started watching..and even I know that you can't use a foam brush with oil based stains. They fall apart.
this guy is a firehose of useful information... i'm not even planning on doing any of this but he is making me want to 😂
Dude seriously at the end of your video you don't even show what it looks like you're just waiting around in your damn hand and you can barely see how nice it looks
Thanks
Hey Jodee! I’m currently working on a pine chest I picked up from a thrift store. I burnt it and scrubbed it however I noticed it does have some burnt blotches on it. What is the best stain that I could use to hide the blotches and make the chest vibrant on colour and texture
Good job, good youtuber. No click bate buzz word shit or fake cringey bits. just facts on the point of the vid
a few years after the publishing of this video, so not sure you still even see these, but I'm just starting to work on doing the shou sugi ban process on a full wood desk that I will be using as a kitchen counter in my conversion van build-out... other than about blowing myself up and setting the deck on fire this morning when the propane bottle/torch caught on fire !  im excited about the process... was wondering if you ever tried using a paste wax instead of a polyurethane as a finishing ? also curious if you have tried using a whitewash (watered down latex paint) instead of a stain?
Love your videos! You’ve taught me so much!
What is the name of the red water based tim you used? Thanks.
Just FYI your play list does not go in order from 1 on. Interesting stuff, just know we start with brushes and then stains not wood and burning
Good job
came here from Reddit Suggestion
Thank you for the informative videos on this burning technique. I have used this burning of pinewood for more than 20 years, using many of the methods you use. Usually finished the article in dark stain or paint, using the 3D texture rather than the contrast. One of the finishes that was very popular with customers was a “crackle lacquer” finish. Once the char is removed and the grain is revealed, the article is sprayed with a duco type undercoat of a dark colour of blue or green. Once dry, this is shot with an ivory crackle lacquer, when drying would crack in a random pattern revealing the undercoat. The entire piece would then be sealed with a polyurethane varnish to protect the technique. A brilliant effect with the cracked surface along with the pronounced wood grain. Maybe another string to your bow?
https://youtu.be/JG6IIEwEO6g
What were you using @ 12:34 on the charred wood, please?
Hey! Thanks for this series. I am wanting to make a frame with the shou sugi ban technique on cedar, but am wondering if I do the burn before or after glueing?
i just learned, the proper term is Yakisugi, and apparently "shou sugi ban" was a bad translation by a Westerner using a dictionary  xD https://youtu.be/5IvlDL8aJZ0?t=437
Hallo mein guter,  zu erst möchte ich Dir sagen das Du super Videos machst und ich sie sehr gern ansehe !! Ich finde nur diese Holzbeize nicht!! Kannst Du mir evtl einen Link senden?? Ich bin sehr daran Interessiert etwas nachzustellen
Ya me fui a dormir y regresé  y todavía está  tu carota en el video ,mejor vete en el espejo todo ese tiempo para que veas lo que se siente
Eres insoportable no sé cómo te atreves a exhibir tu carota en vez de que pases el video y ya. Que porquería eres
Es tan desagradable estar viendo tu carota en los videos ,me aburre que estés hablando ,caes tan mal guacala
How do you keep the grain so black? Cant seem to figure it out. Thanks for the videos.
I am curious if anyone knows with a fully charred board, without scraping or brushing off any char, how can I preserve that to be strong enough for a bench top without having it flake off from people sitting on it? Im not sure a couple coats of clear coat will be hard enough.  Any suggestions would be appreciated!    Great videos!  Thank you for taking the time to share your knowledge.
Is this stain a .. water liquid .. or .. oil liquid . Thank you
good job thanks
This is the coolest thing ever- thanks for the great info!
u talks 300009000000 words Rather than work 3 second offffffff
What do you recommend for a clear durable brush on top coat for say...white Shou Sugi Ban? On GF's website they say in a video not to use ENURO-VAR or in this case the ENURO-VAR II (New) over light colors like white paints because it has an amber tone.
@Inspire Woodcraft  like so many others, I really enjoyed the 4 videos and you do an excellent job explaining the process and results based on your experience.   How does the shou sugi ban technique work when paired with the steel wool & vinegar stain technique?  Also asked this question in an email just in case you are not so checking the comments from a 2 year old video.
5
Does the smell of burnt wood stay?  It’s beautiful looking but concerned about the smell of burnt wood.
Would you use a top coat if you were going to epoxy the surface? Or just epoxy (bar table stuff)?
I'm hoping your many of your tips and ideas work for my lower kitchen cabinets in blue.  I want to bring out the wood grain pattern then use some type of topcoat.  For the top cabinets either in white or honey gold finish.  I've seen white and blue for kitchens just never really get to see the grain.  Thanks for your videos. After thought question.  Can I use a oil base finish on top of an water base stain?  Using all Minwax products.  Or do I need to find an oil base blue stain from Minwax with an oil base finish.  Working with different chemicals I don't want to cause health issues and/or bad fumes.  Thank you sir for your time.
Hey bro, have a question for ya. Ok, so I'm making a river table using a pretty light colored slab of bettle kill white pine so I'm hoping for a kind of 4 color shade effect. (Thanks for your videos btw, I enjoy them) I was wondering, if it was you, how deep of a burn would you do if it was you? I'll be finishing it off with an epoxy flood coat. Resin color will either be blue or clear. I have a ton of polished tiger's eye stones I was considering adding if I go the clear route. I've done a practice price and wasn't totally happy with it. Maybe I'm doing something wrong for this particular wood type. IDK. I can share pics with you of the wood in this Facebook link here. Any advice is appreciated man. Thanks. Here's the link.. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=212834340521641&id=100053852297526
I almost watched this video first. I'm so glad I started at 1 which is a great place to start. Thank you so much for this comprehensive set of videos.
Hey I was try to find the general finishs stain here but all they have is gel stain would that work the same   Thanks again for the most awesome vids
Your videos are amazing I’m trying your technique and going good so far
Nice, it's kinda cool to see someone who 1. acts like a human and 2. explains things simply.
Can do a pre conditioning stain before charring to prevent blotches? Or is there a pre seal method prior to char?
Not bad! just out of curiosity tho... is that a proud boy tat??
Woodprix comes with very useful plans with all the details you need.
Basically do what you want with what you find, anyway burnt wood will look great.
Gave it my first try. Sorry if I missed this info in one of these videos, but wondering if you can help: Did the deep burn and brushing, very textured. Used varathane blue oil stain. Some areas wouldn't take the stain at all, so I have 3 colors. Natural, black and blue. Not blotchy though, stripes. Looks cool, but also want to be able to do just black and blue. Any idea which stage(s) I need to adjust? If so, how? Thanks!
Have you (Or anyone else) tried using a pre stain wood conditioner before you stain to see if that helps with uniformity? Thanks!
Hi Jody, out of curiosity have you tried a pre-stain first?. Also using the Spray Polyacrylic on say a Chared piece, can you follow up after it drys with brush on Poly?... Just wondering.
i want to make a cigar box and finish it that way..  im not sure if i should build the box first and then burn and colour it or burn and colour all the pieces then cut them to size and make the box  ..  i suppose that sounds like a silly question but ive watched a few of your videos and you only demonstrate individual pieces of wood and nothing that is assembled..  love your vids and the finish looks incredible
Great video, nice work. Ever use a prestain? Wondering if it makes a difference on this type of finish.
So far these techniques appear to be solely focused on face grain. What are the techniques to handle edge grain and end grain? I fear that the edge grain will just look like a red (insert any color here) paint stripe down both sides. I have no idea what to expect on end grain colors. Cheers.
missed the chance for Karate Kid jokes. Wipe on, Wipe off.
Hey i know this is an old post im having problems with a project.. do u have instagram or anything i can talk to you through? My color is sticking so hard on the would its almost like just paint.. cant see any grain at all even tho i wipe hard seconds after applying.. i have tgat varathain stuff or whatever its called... carbon gray.. can that color be too dark for what i want?
Thanks a lot! You made things clear and i like the way you get into the progress! Keep up the nice videos and greetz from Germany
Really enjoyed the video sir never mind the length. So do you seal the surface afterward with lacquer or else?
great editing but try to make the videos so you don't have to edit as much. Great vid otherwise!
Asleep now :/
Very nice video! I used to finish cabinets for a living and this covers a lot of the things that I learned through trial and error, and taught me quite a bit about shou sugi ban, which is a new technique for me. Looking forward to trying it!
I am curious if I was doing a large piece would you glue it after you burn? I tried it on a pre glued piece and it seems to split. Thanks for any help
Hey man this was very cool. Really enjoyed learning about this. Please keep making videos
Hey I tried doing this and stained with some lindseed oil but the entire thing turned super black. I think I needed to sand after the burn to get back the lighter wood colour before I stained
Another Great vid !  Thanks.  Wanted to share a Tip given to me Decades ago, regarding “cans” of stain/paint.  The channel that the lid rests in when closed can get goopy, full of ‘pour back’.  A way to reduce that channel getting filled with gunk, which can cause lid to seal less, is to tap a nail around that channel and make ‘drain holes’.  I generally use a full sized nail, tap holes around in basically a (clock) pattern/spacing.  So, after pouring or drawing brush/rag out of can, when it sits back on flat surface, let the residual from the pour drain back in to can via the punched holes, THEN put lid back on.  Hope that makes sense to your Viewers.
I cant see the stain you used for the first piece of wood you stained, like an amber color, can you please tell me the color and the brand you used, thank you.
Like to watch you from start to finish with little talking.
Totally new to all of this, just so happened to come upon this by accident and thought your final product looked fantastic.  Is burnt wood that is stained like this still considered pretty rigid?  I think that would look awesome as a gunstock if done properly.  Only concern is if it would be able to withstand continuous punches from recoil.
I really like how informative your videos are.  Thanks keep it up please.
U can get like 6 or 8 of them foam brushes at dollar tree for a buck!
Ummm.. Do you NOT mix any of your stains? Unless you just edited that out. Looks like you just open the cans and go to town! LOL!  Great video other wise.
One other question - I was looking into this further, and thinking about just finishing with linseed oil.  If I do this, will the wood be more flammable?  There are no issues with the grill being close to the wood as I'm building it, but wondering if the oil will cause issues after dried.
I really enjoy all your videos.  You do a great job explaining things to us first-time woodworkers.  I'm building a grill table for my Weber kettle grill to fit into and have used prime 2x6s for the tabletop.  I'm considering Shou Sugi Ban for just the tabletop and have a few questions.  There are some unnatural flaws in the wood.  Should I sand the top to remove those before burning, etc.?  Also, since the table is built, do you have any tips for shielding pieces that connect to the top, such as the legs, etc. from the burn process?  I'm also looking for a more reddish, natural stain, but am thinking of using the same stain on the unburned pieces as well...any suggestions?
much talk (bla bla bla is 2 much just don't again,
I’m a multi level crafter/artist, I do everything from stained glass to metal work. Thank you so much for these videos! I can not wait to give this a craft a try. Going to put my own artistic spin on it. This is going to be so much fun!
Hi I’m from the uk 🇬🇧 and having trouble finding the water base colour dye paint wondering if you could send me some pic of the paint or the pots you use so I could track them down over here pls help I’ve been looking for the last week with no success help
Awesome videos.  I learned something very important in this episode.  I couldn't get my yellow to show up after I finished burning.  I realized, in this video, that I wasn't brushing deep enough to go below the burnt soft wood to reach the unburnt soft wood.  The burnt wood really prevents the yellow from presenting itself.  Thank you!
So glad i stumbled onto this series! I'm doing a BIG accent wallnin my house and was going to do a surface char, as thats the only one I thought existed. I will be painting it, so i now know I need to do the deeper char and will probably need that Porter Cable. Awesome series, brother! Appreciate it and subscribed!
👍👍✌️
Will this process stand up as flooring?
I'm hoping you see my question as I'm at a crossroads. I've followed all your videos and have been doing really good with my projects and the Shou Sugi Ban techniques you've taught! Thank you so much! I've recently done a drill press stand and would like to do the drawer fronts this style with a steampunk feel to it. Have you tried any metallic stains on the deep burn with the wipe off technique? Was thinking of trying a bronze metallic base stain and distressed with a black paint. Any tips or ideas? Thanks again, awesome series
It's beautiful. You go man.
For some reason my charred areas are not staying black after the stain, any tips? Thank you!
9:42 😄 guess I'll be using a stain  12:00 epoxy glaze a charred piece if you want flat. The torch helps epoxy lay flat and release bubbles.  I plan on doing a charred bass guitar on a multipiece laminate. But the back of the neck and wear areas will have colour and the rest hard charring and epoxy
Buen trabajo amigo saludos desde Santa Cruz Bolivia. Y que Dios te bendiga
Have you considered using a pre-stain wood conditioner or mineral spirits to prevent blotchiness?
Great video btw, I've tried this technique today and got a lovely char and then went over with a rotary plastic brush to take the char off. My question is that without sanding individual spots how do you get the vivid ups and downs? I used the edge of an orbital sander and it was very tiresome. Thanks in advance
would have been nice to lay them all out at the end so we could have seen a side-by-side comparison......
Thank you for showing the examples and techniques! It saves a lot of "r&d" on our end and steers people in a direction they might want to go. Well done!
Ciao ,ti scrivo da GENOVA ITALIA ,complimenti video bellissimi ,tecnica perfetta sei un artista del legno .
Can you paint it instead of staining it?
Great Videos! Can you tell us the brand of liquid dye you held up in the video, ? Thanks and keep them coming
Love your videos!! I love the fact that you have full-blown OCD and you are one with your craft. I’m making a stacked wood slat mosaic wall from reclaimed wood following the demolition of 100-year-old house. The grain pattern is unbelievable!! Your lessons are invaluable for my project!
Great series! Have you ever tried a wax finish? Briwax?
Great video. I'm working on a desk and I keep changing my mind how to finish it. I think you've changed my mind yet again. I didn't realize how dramatic that 3D effect would be until you showed that end grain shot.
I like the way the Varathane looks before you wipe it off.... Darker red, do we have to wipe it
I really want to try this !! Thanks for simplifying,  yet being verbose at the same time, ha!
Can you please tell me the product you've used to get a very deep red on a deep char?
1899 house, I am using solid gel stain rich mahogany over painted woodwork...oh why did they paint lol.  But in one area wood was burned ages ago.  There is like an oil coming up so I am hoping the dark solid gel stain will cover it, sink in well, and get it sealed well.  Using linseed oil mixed with turpentine rather than varnish.  But why is that oil (black) coming up out of the wood for YEARS
Thank you for your videos.  I do torched wood myself but I learn tons of things from your videos. Thank you very much
I did something crazy. I used koolaide and candle wax. It worked. Shalom
Thank you so much! Don't worry about your explanation, I'm a beginner and I found it very useful
Interesting. I thoroughly enjoy your videos. I have only done a few things in shou sugi ban inspired by photos I saw on pinterest, and then I would just wing it based on the photo. I also tie dye, so I have a lot of pro grade cellulose dyes that I used to achieve this effect because I honestly didn't even know this stuff was a thing. I can mix is with just water as strong or weak as I want and I can mix the shades together. Also I can mix as much or as little as I wish. Let the wood dry or used a heat gun to accelerate the process and apply more or seal. Sometimes I "paint" just random grains with one shade and alternate with another. I have enjoyed the experimentation and have been pleased with the outcomes all while not knowing what the hell I am doing. 😂 I'll be following you. This carpentry stuff is a blast.
Just finished watching the four videos (in order)..very informative and looking forward to giving it a go myself..
Great video, what was the first product you used ? I’ve done a surface burn on a garden bar surface I’ve made from old palllet slats and would love that finish.
Maybe I missed it but what was the name of the first dye used.
On the charred piece that you painted on the clear coat. I understand before the clear coat it would be messy to the touch. But after you put the clear coat on. Would it be safe for say a table or something that would be touched allot?. Or is the charred type more of like just look don’t touch. Because of it being burnt so bad and not brushed. I really like that charred alligator look. Your work is awesome.
Been doing this for roughly 15 years but I always used steel wool instead of flap wheels. Its beautiful with Minwax Early American stain and gloss polycrylic. Never knew or thought about colors like red, blue , ect. You gave me a new project. Thank you
These videos are so cool. I cannot wait to try all your techniques
Thanks it help A lot
Great job !!! I love it !!
Нужен русскийперевод
How does boiled lindseed oil oil do on a full burn and brush?
Just wanted to take the time to say thank you for all the information. All 4 videos were useful and I started and compleated my first project this week. Next project will involve colours and I'm wondering if you can give me some links to products you use. I'm hard of hearing and you did not keep the cans on camera long enough for me to read the labels.
If I were to make a box using this method,  would I do each piece individually then assemble or make the box then burn?
Don't fear information overload. We can pause, rewind, I'll take notes on things I believe are important enough, because just the act of hearing and writing down helps the memory, I'll write out the source, the video, when in the video, and I write out notes because I'm fucking nuts, a little OCD, in that way. WTF it works for me.
Great video!! Wearing paints is good!!! LOL
Thank for showing this. Invaluable information. The deep burns are by far my favorite, esp with that Red you put over it. Yes, it was darker but really a sophisticated look. I think after that kind of stain applied to a deep burn, when the sealer coat is put on, that is where you can bring luster or shine to the finish and enhance it.  Take a look at Black Diamond pigments https://www.blackdiamondpigments.com/ if you havn't already.  I am subscribing to your channel for the simple reason you offer the best advice and results. Thanks again!
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
So does the clear coat over the full char without brushing hold up .? I mean is the wood not have layer of black dust .great channel
Great video,  question do u sand the wood before you burn it?
Hey there great videos man! If I was doing a coffee table that was burnt, brushed and then burnt Again for that black color, would I have a good result with water based poly sprayed through an HVLP gun? Would it seal it enough I wonder? I want a ninja black table without staining!
have you tried mixing water based stain with wb dye to get different color combos?
Thankyou,  ur vids would have been grand altogether.  Best thing was no ads
Love it!  Great work man.
Can you show us some of the things you have made out of the Shou Sugi Ban wood?  We have enjoyed all your videos you are a great teacher!
the red stain vs what you called the pink stain?  looked about the same to me.  maybe its the camera or just me  idk.  I love the red stain look.
This might literally be the first time I’ve commented on any YouTube video, just wanted to say I dig your passion about it. Keep it up 👍
Tnx
Sorry  man Are these colors compatible with  epoxi resin?
Your tutorials are great.  You should teach class.
Thanks again for another great video 👍 Any recommendations as to where to get the stain/dye? Box stores tend to be hit and miss from my experience.
I want to apply this technique for stair treads. How wold you go about it?
hands-down best advice on selecting the best wood burning process depending on the project. I personally agree with him on the deeper burn to provide the 3D appearance and more rich textures. Excellent Work makes me feel like Cash Money!!!
194 people don't like burn.  Genuinely great tutorial mate.
In my experience to help prevent blotchy stained wood, definitely consider using a pre stain wood conditioner. It helps to prevent blotches. I use Varathane Pre Stain Wood Conditioner from Home Depot. Have Fun.
CAN YOU PUT A STAIN  ON THE  FULL CHAR
I agree with you on liking the fully charred but even with a top coat or 10 it's still going to be delicate is it not?  With a few coats of clear on top of basically ash I can see where the charred wood will have it's limitations (like a coffee table top).
Less face time. I'm sure your wife loves you, but do more of what you are saying. Thanks
What timber are you using? We here in Australia have Radiata Pine, I think similar to your Douglas Fir. There seems to be too much moisture which affects the burning then subsequent dyes.  Any ideas?
Muy artististico, creativo y original...Congratulations...!
Your Awesome !! Thank you for sharing !!
Have you ever tried Rit fabric dye on the wood?
Too much bla bla bla
Thanks love your videos
Были бы ещё русские титры к твоим видео, цены тебе не было бы.
Have you ever coated the finished wood with epoxy?
5:29 dye &wipe 6:38 stain minwax (let soak for a minute then wipe) 8:16 Varathane, sit, then wipe
Complex question for larger projects leaving full burn can you spray the heavier clear coat and get a similar response (e.g. exterior of a cabin)? I am wanting the pros of burn and bug resistance as well as the more solid color...ideas? Thx, I am loving the series!
"Old deodorant container, that's not yoghurt that's inside of there..." :-D  Love the colours. Unfortunately the only stains we sell in my country are shades of brown.  I am going to try and create some colours with clothing dye and try this.  Thanks for the explanations and demonstrations.
Just a fantastic video- subbed!!  I'm planning on what I want my wet bar to look like and this look is right up my alley. Thanks for all the great info!
Art !💖
On the last black piece:  Do you just char it with no brushing at all?  What sealer did you use on it?
Newbie question, can you apply lacquer on top of a non-stained lightly charred and sanded piece?
Informative, nicely presented video. Really dig the full char with endurovar finish
Thank you for this video series! I know it’s a year old now but I’ve been planning a project and this technique is definitely going to help elevate my idea as long as I can execute it properly. I know you were worried about too much detail, but I was actually hoping for MORE detail when it comes to your dye techniques. For example the different colors you use and how to achieve the different looks and style of color. Any such advice?
I just watched a guy burning a gunstock that was a horrible job and used your pic on your video and said this is how its gonna look.. Def never turned out like your work. Great videos man. U mite need to speak slower for some ppl specially trying to take ur shit lol. Keepm comin bro.
I think I've watched every video on the Shou Sugi Ban process.  You win
I don’t understand.  What is the different between dye and stain????
Dude you’re awesome
Красиво очень!
Painting with a solid colour of water or oil based paints and then sanding when dry gives some good effects but you need to seal after sanding with a clear varnish.
Jody I know I bug the heck outta ya, but I want an orbital Sander, not one that spirals. one that has the loops on the pad like velcro? I know you must have one, please steer me in the right direction.
So I watched four videos this morning. This afternoon I sanded, burnt, bought a nylon flap wheel thingymajig, gouged away at my piece of wood and WOW. so much fun, so easy, SO EFFECTIVE. Thank You so much for sharing and educating. Wine tonight then stain tomorrow. Happy Days. Keep it up and bring on the table you mentioned please.   Thank You again from the other side of the pond. Tonight I will Go To Bed A Little Less Ignorant
I finished my hand made kitchen countertop and cabinets with this technique and it came out amazing, i was wondering in your opinion what would be the most durable top coat that i can put on my countertop?
@Inspire Woodcraft Is it possible to finish/stain/polyurethane a piece done the "proper way" so that you get a smooth finish? IE have you ever put multiple coats of urethane or shellac over a piece, so that you have a nice smooth surface that can be written on like a desk? You mentioned in 1 of your videos that surface burning is better for a writing surface... but I think you're right, it doesn't look as good. Is it possible to put many top coats on it and then and it smooth after? Maybe it's easier with Epoxy, but it's also a lot more steps and pricey.
Good info, thanks for sharing. Subscribed, keep it coming.
Every detail is important so go on  my friend  it is perfect  !!! Thanks  for that very good explanation :) :) :)
Always PERFECT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks !!!!!!!!! Merci   :) :) :)
What about raising the grain? With water or other means. Where does that come in, or does it.
Can you tell me the color of the first dye you used?
Buenas técnicas.
Because of the inspiration I received by watching your video, I was confident to make a 10 ft farm table using Shou Sugi Ban I would love to show a small video and picture of the finished product. Is there a way I can do that?
Pigment and dye difference is the particle size. Dye particle is a lot smaller hence why it soaks into the wood
Very informative techniques, like your videos!
Could i do this on a lathe?
I have a question. Im looking at building a corner unit desk with the desktop made of small sections of deep burn and alternating colors. Then covering it with a epoxy pour to level it all out. What im trying to figure out is how to minimize or eliminate the cupping and warping once the burn is done. Any suggestions. ?  I thought about preassembling the desk to reduce warp, but then I'd be limited on color and bleeding issues. Thoughts?
Sincere gratitude from a neighbor in Elk Grove. I have a an awesome 6 foot piece from the Depot that cost less than 3 bucks burned and "brushed" (wire brush and a pot scrubber with a handle swiped from the kitchen) and am looking forward to tomorrow and getting some color going.  I did a couple of test pieces last week with acrylic paint as the pigment in a "whitewash" and after a bit of a learning-curve, think they look pretty cool.   Again, thanks. I've been on an art-binge of sorts the past few months and your Shou Sugi Ban technique is satisfying as can be, and fits my current budget just fine, since the garage has plenty of cans of liquids to experiment with.
The texture on the full char is beautiful but wouldn't that be a dust strap? is there some kind of product that would make cleaning easier or prevent the accumulation of dust?
Any recommendations on how to utilize the full charred look without scraping?  I really like the alligator look but i find it indents too easily or scrapes off from wear and tear.
Do you prefer the water based wood dies or the stain?
Very awesome video!   I’m new to working with wood.  I’ve been working with metal for years.  But now wanting to combine them and you know your shit man!   Thank you for a great video knowledge is a gift!   So thank you!
Awesome job :) do you suggest to burn the wood before putting together the project or after? I was thinking before , but I could be wrong
What would you use to get a shine on a piece after dye???
Have you applied this technique to wooden hand tools? I'm curious to know if the burning might cause a weakness or premature failure of the handle. Greats info here. Thanks for sharing
Quick question... I used this tutorial to refinish an outdoor table; it looks amazing; but now how can I waterproof it for outdoor use? I've previously used oil based polyurethane for outdoor projects, but since this isn't a smooth surface, I don't think I would be able to adequately sand it between coats. & I think it may yellow over time, discoloring the blue dye i used. Anyone have advice for me?
Looks great
Great video. No waffling, you get the point across clearly and efficiently. Well done. Good communicator.
The information was good,keep going👍
I’m so excited to do this, I’ve been playing around with scrap wood at my house and making wall art. I’m going to burn some pieces and put them together. This video was helpful!
General Finishes products are at Rockler Woodworking too.  Awesome content!
Nice trick
Hi sorry I'm not good in English. Lol I'm from Algeria.  Thinks for video. Good luck and continuation
Soooo.....my husband and I decide to renovate the bathroom. Even with new plywood walls. I get the idea to burn the walls. My first try, yesterday, revealed to me there has GOT to be a secret to this because it's looking more spotted than striped, as with the grain. And then....I find these videos. You do realize my husband is probably not going to like you very much, now. ;-) lol Yeah, I'm now going to surface burn the walls with a better technique....but there's also going to be a design on the wall that is going to employ your techniques shown in your videos. I also agree with everyone else: don't worry about having too much information. What I've seen in the three videos on this technique caused me to go ahead and subscribe to your channel. You're thorough, easy to understand and you throw in a little humor, too. Very well done, sir! (psst...I won't tell my husband where I got this information for your protection. ROFL!)
Really great and to the point.
Awesome info. Btw, i`m in a need of some help: A friend wants me to help him piro some planets on a future coffee table, and after wants to paint over gold, and the rest of it black....(he said PAINT, not stains or lacquer). I suggested using dark brown/black stain on the table (wenge i guess works best), but... i told him that using paint over the piro would not make sense since it will actually cover it up.. (his idea was that my piro would "carve" in to the wood deep enough to leave something for the paint to fill and then wipe the excess). So, my question is: Does using some kind of yellow stain over the pyro lines give any effects? or is it pointless? (Sorry for the long post, but i wanted to put the backstory in here so that you can understand why would i want to give an color tent to the piro lines) Ty in advance
Can i ask you what kind of coat are you using for the charred wood at the end of the video? Thanks in advance! :)
Hi to all..I have a question...Can this techique be applied in MDF?
Hi there! All of these videos were so helpful. I'm completely new to this. Have you ever added Linseed Oil to seal a full piece of charred wood? What would be the best method for a kitchen tabletop? Thanks!
Any suggestions I would truly appreciate it
Love your videos. having a really hard time with the wood!  After you use your flap disc to take off the charred section your wood seems to go back to the natural color which is more of a white  after I use the disc it takes everything off pretty easy but still leaves a brown tint, so when I put her red varathane on everything comes out darker than yours
This is a great video, thanks a lot! I’m just wondering what technique would you use to wipe off large areas - e.g. when doing a floor?
Awesome work thanks for sharing
Awesome videos and really inspiring. Just finished my first surface burn on a barbecue cart and can't wait to try the full char on my next project. Thanks for all the information.
For doing a table top would you glue the boards together before or after burning the wood?
Dude you don't seem like a tweaker, but you video editing is so tweaker! Do you just talk for hours and cut it apart? Try a script, this video made me wonder if I was nodding out though your video and I am sober.
GREAT vid.  Thank you.
Thanks for the video.  I am looking to stain wood for guitar speaker cabinets that traditionally are covered with a tolex material...commercially at least.
Hi, love your videos! Could you recommend something similar to the general finishes enduro-var for top coating a completely charred unbrushed surface for exterior usage? Or should I just use the Enduro-var and then an extra coat of an exterior rated finish? Thanks!!!!
Супер лайк 😎👍
Great video! Thx for creating this.
I think I need a better torch
Is that spezial color where u take for the shou suki ban???
Amazing video. Great instruction and instructor. Easy to follow. Thanks. I think I’ll try these techniques.
What would happen if you used various brushes on the full-char piece? Same as the char but you would lose a lot more surface height?
Thanks for your awesome videos, subscribed straight away. I am going to refurnish our pine diningtable. However i want the propper shou sugi ban effect like on 11:03 on the left side. I like those ridges in the wood, my wife however doesn't. (She mumbled something about keeping the table clean).   - Is there a way to get a smooth/even finish and still nearly have the full shou sugi ban effect? - Will the effect be as nice if i use a big torch for the large table top, or would you recomend using the one shown in this video.  Greetings from Germany.
o m g
Hey good videos! my question is I am building a queen size bed with floating night stands and the be itself will give a floating effect but I am doing it all in shou sugi ban. I got yellow pine and most or the majority of the bed and nightstands are 2x12's. I have planed all the wood already and was wanting to know if I should sand the wood with 80 to 120 to 220 then burn it and got the multi surface tool to use after the char, and was going to stain it (I like the blue/black and saw one that is orange-reddish/blue-yellow) how do you do the colors and is stain/dye/or the thick stain. Sorry got off track but question is:-How do you achieve the different color look? stain or dye or thick stain?-also should I sand before or after doing the burning effect?Thank you
You're an amazing teacher!!! Thank you!!!
What? No link for the dyes?
Great videos!  I figured that paper towels would leave behind lint when wiping stain on/off but it looks like it works for you.  I'll save my old tshirts for working on the car LOL.
Excellent video!  One word of caution, though, about using sponge brushes .... They are very porous and notorious for creating bubbles!  When you use them, be sure to NOT press down too often or too hard, or use short strokes.  While this may not be a problem with stains (because you will likely be wiping off stains), it sure is a pain for top coats (varnish, laquer, etc).  For my topcoats, I only use throw-away bristle brushes     https://www.amazon.com/US-Art-Supply-Brushes-Varnishes/dp/B01M32ALOF/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=throw+away+paint+brushes&qid=1551827325&s=beauty&sr=1-1-catcorr
My man! (Sorry for not remembering your name, my apologies) Thanks for the like on my comment ... and I'm definitely not in here for the likes, but I found it interesting that someone I know only from just subbing to his channel, also watched something I happened to find interesting! I was just talking about you and your (f*ing awesome!) channel to my one and only best friend who is originally from the Bay Area and loves n lives the SF Giants. He loves working with wood and helped me get through shit when I got back home from the Marines. So now he subs to your channel and we are gonna work on making a bed frame with all burnt pieces. Excited as f*ck I must say!!! Anyways, thanks for being down to earth and I try to show your channel and all the amazing things you do to as many people as possible. Keep up the friging awesome job and Godspeed to you and all your loved ones. Semper Fidelis
Hi Jody. I have watched this video a few times and have to ask: the piece of wood that you are showing at 8:57, how did you get that strong 3D effect? Was it from the way you stained it or was it the burning process, and if the latter, was it a charred burn and then your flap-style nylon brush?
My son wants to use this technique for the exterior of his tiny house. Should the entire boards, front and back, be burnt . Great job!
Great videos.....Absolutely the Best Burns on YouTube! New sub ...absolutely.
Yea Inspire woodcraft I want all the Info you got bro. Really good stuff. The whiners have a timeline and they know how to use it! LOL Really great work man. I have a client who  (I think)  would like the Burnt / Color / Natural wood mix shown in your Blue piece. Hers would be Purple and would match perfectly with her Logo.  Going to try to match that effect.. Her shelves are made from plywood. Wish me luck!
Amazing black @13:18 ❤
We have experiance with burning and brushing of wood. I agree, it is a big problem if one use thin boards, like 18mm.  But there is a way how to fix it in real projet with 18mm thick "softwood" material.
If you find yourself in a street fight, do you recommend the use of the shou sugi ban technique on the aggressor's face?   It seems like it would be pretty effective and fun at the same time!
Thank you so much! These are great videos! They are very detailed and informative and I believe that I will actually be able to retain all of this! You would be a great instructor for workshops and such!
Do you suggest using the Mini WAX PRE STAIN WOOD cONDITINER AFTER burning before applying on the Oil base Stain at all etc.
Hi Jodi. Just like to say that I think your videos are very informative and well put together. I have been on you tube for many years and only subscribed to two channels in all that time. Yours is the second. I have been watching your Shou Sugi Ban series with a lot of interest and have learnt so much from your tutorials. I would like to ask if you have tried colouring your pieces with food colouring. I only ask as my wife has literally dozens and dozens of different colours and I would save a fortune if I could use her colours rather than buying many different stains. Because the base colour is super concentrated I think I could get some really dark colours from them. Would appreciate your thoughts and thanks for the great videos. Will try it out some time in the future and perhaps let you know how I got on. Thanks again.
Im not sure if you or anyone else from the comments will be able to provide me insight on this but I would appreciate it if it is possible. I am currently doing a wood burning project where I have burned through my wood a good ways, maybe 1/8 of an inch with a hand burning tool and I am curious how it will look if I stain it. I am doing 8 small pieces and want to stain each a different colour but I am wondering if the stain wont work because the burn has taken away so much wood making it uneven. To give you a visual, I burned in some Japanese symbols.Thank you for any advice and I really enjoyed your video.
you video title not 100% match with your video!
Really interested in knowing about the blue stain. It is beautiful.  Brand and color? Thanks
Question People are telling me that I can not Flame  Burn Treat my Maple Wooden Baseball Bats that Maple wood will not take the flame treatment.? what is your Take & experience burning any Maple wood & will it worl on my Bats for me.? thanks again etc.
It’s already sanded by the way?
If I just do a light burn can I do it if I already have my boards glued together? I realize there’s risk but have you tried it? Thanks for anyone who responds
Hey man, awesome video! Can you Link me pls your colours what you use in this video? Thank you! Greetings Gary
Fabric dye
"It's money" haha  Thumbs up
Too much info is exactly why I watched this video up to the end and bookmarked it. Thanks!
If you clear over that gator/full char do you loose that glow that the raw finish has?
Who sells that  VARATHANE Wood Stain the RED you been using there.? thank You etc.
Another amazing video, thank you
What brand of that orange can your holding up on Stain may I ask.? thank you for sharing nice work you do etc.
Never mind. I see now in yours there is high and low from the grain as well. Its just up to the person doing the burning on how extent they want it.
Tried both steel and brass wire brush. By hand.
Can you tell me what  the name is of the orange stain you used on that scrape piece of wood? I just found your videos and love that color... you do nice work man
When I burned the wood to where it starts to crack, the brushed it off, it left the grain raised considerably? Is this just part of the look people like? I agree it helped define the stain or wood dye but I didn't like the rough feel?
Много говориш,мало делаеш
Excellent video series - Thanks for posting!!
Great video sir! Thank you for taking the time out to make this.
Hi Jodee  I am new at shou sugi ban and have been quite inspired by your videos.  As I work through the process, I return to re-watch segments and pick up on things I have missed.  You are a great teacher and I wanted to let you know how valuable your information has been!    Jodie from Canada!
Man I was trying out some samples and getting some crazy cupping with some 1X's,is that normal? I'm using steel brushes but can't get them brushed enough to get a nice contrast. Maybe it's the stain? I have several varathane stains I'm practicing with
LOVE your energy. I have learned so much and I cant wait to show my Boyfriend.  You make an excellent teacher!
Please less talk and more wood working techniques and then I might subscribe
thank you!
Thanks for a great video. Tried it myself tonight, turned out better then I was expecting, but not as nice as yours. Steel wire brush was too aggressive, I will try again will brass and see how it goes.
What types of projects do you make with the burned wood? Is it for maybe a wall decor?
Great work! What you recommend to get a full gray tone but still have the black char on the grain. I’m doing many feet of 12” planks so what’ll be the easiest to apply?   Grain stain? Or how about iron acetate solution? Thanks for the advice
Thanks for the video and the great work 👍 🌹
Would love to see some easy projects to do with this burned wood! It looks amazing
You are really a professor and head of the artists department.... in Arabic  انت معلم
A tip for staining and finishing.  Pour the liquid into a throwaway container rather than opening the finish container and dipping the brush into it, brushing on charred wood, then dipping the brush (which now has charred wood etc attached to it) back into your finish container which contaminates it.  Pour the finish into a container pouring enough for the project you’re doing and when you’re finished with it throw than container away.  This way your finish stays pure in case you want to use it for another project.  Thanks for the videos!
Perhaps for a project idea do a US flag?
You can poke some holes where the lid sits down in groove. It lets all that extra product go back in can. Use a bait set or the pointed end of painters tool.
If I was to use a dye, after letting dry can I lacquer to protect the wood from saltwater?
Thanks so much for your attention to detail!
My roommate and I just finished building a pine table. It’s a beast and very beautiful but at this point it’s just raw wood. This technique looks awesome and we’re also considering just sanding and staining, but we’re not quite sure what would look best. If I send pictures or a video of the table would you consider suggesting a direction for our finishing? Love the channel and would be stoked to get your advise if you have the time.
Love it how you explain every step!!.. Awesome!!💙💙💙
Do you ever use Teak oil to top coat?
Thanks for the vids! I'm doing some of this myself. I tried Map gas but it doesn't work much better. You have to get one of these and start using propane in 5 gallin bottles (saves a lot of money on gs)...       https://www.acehardware.com/departments/outdoor-living/grills-and-smokers/propane-cylinders-and-accessories/8422149?x429=true&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&gclid=CjwKCAjwyOreBRAYEiwAR2mSki5u89RIQDZ97MTAL6X6dGFzP8ltIhAUVmd4u2WDijXke_KISoEXmxoCqWsQAvD_BwE
Great info, is there a part 5?
Well done, cant wait to give this all a go for my new house, appreciate the detail and way you describe the process. keep it up.
Have you tried this on poplar before?  If so, how did it turn out?
So softer bristles will get you darker shades of the same color because your not exposing the softer wood as much than you would with harder bristle brushes? Can you do a video on applying top Coates with lacquer and so on? I subscribed.
What happens if you color/dye the wood before you char it ?
Thanks so much for all the videos in this series. Can't wait to get started playing with this process. You were very clear and shared so much info, thanks for your time.
awesome thanks for sharing knowledge
Great video sir! I just got done building a shou sugi ban table and it turned out amazing! I rewatched your videos multiple times to get the results I wanted! Thanks so much for sharing!
Shou Sugi Ban was not invented for its aesthetics . It was originally invented as a way to preserve wood that will be exposed to the elements and it has some fire resistant aspects to it.  Your method pretty much eliminates the preservative aspect by , not burning the wood deep enough and taking off too much of the surface.
Jodi, I just Poly'd my projects and are Sweet! Question, have you ever Polished/Buffed your projects? if so can you give me tips what to use and how long I should wait? Thanks .... Learning Pest Here🤣
You ever get warped wood after charring? is there a way to minimize this?
I would like to know if you have tried using this technique with Cedar, and do you think it would work well?
For someone just learning more info is better, this would be me.  Your always on topic then you add a little funny, which is perfect. Your a great teacher don't change a thing.  Rambling is someone who goes off topic and forgets what their video is about. It makes people want to reach into their channel and tape their mouth. I don't get that desire watching your videos,  I get information about what I did my search for. Good information thanks again
Dude! I really appreciate you sharing your knowledge with us. You're an artist and a saint!!!
Have you trued Food Coloring?
Great video, nice job.
Hi,  thank you for the work you put into these great videos. I have a question I hope you can help me, I have a wood gate that I want to do shou sugi ban but it has old varnish on it, do you think I can do it anyway? just start burning it?. Thanks again.
Amazing technique! I love shou sugi ban! I craft didgeridoo and have always wanted to shou sugi ban a pine didge 😀 Thank you so much for sharing 🙏🏽❤️
You are an artist and a great instructor. One thing I would tip to anybody new to staining though, is don't shake the can if the material is thin, particularly if you're not wanting to wipe it off. Use something thin and flat, like a paint stir stick, and gently scrape the bottom, mixing slowly and you'll avoid those tiny bubbles that flaw the finish. Thanks for the lesson!
Further to my comments re constructing jewellery boxes finished with sui su ban process.  I’ve made 2.  The first - brushing before losing all burn char leaving a natural brown on the pith i.e. Early Wood, and a Dk brown on the hard grain I.e. Late wood.   The 2nd - brushed enough to return to natural wood colour, stained red,  Both finished with water based clear lacquer.  I eliminated the warping effect of the heat by dovetail construction of the box at corners and tongue & groove fitting of the plain bottom and the top ( lid panel of 19 mm/3/4 in  and raised, clearing top edges of ends and sides for brushing clearance. The double thickness to resist warping of this wide panel.  The lid was cut from the box before dyeing and clear topcoat.  Hinges and catch attached lastly.   The only pine available to me was a mix of Locally grown Monterey (Pinus radiate ). And  New Zealand grown Oregon/Douglas Fir.  The latter growing faster in NZ than USA and a lower strength and hardness(S 7) which makes it easier to brush out.  It is pink and the other pine whiter and effects the appearance of the dye.  I hope you find this of interest.
Hi there :)   I am wondering what you think would be best for an outdoor application to be weather proof and also uv protected? I'm also looking for a wide range of colors .  Thank you!
Jodee found that an oil based clear makes the wood darker. Tried some water based clear and way different result. Oil based looks moody and dark which is cool but not what I always want.
What is the correct and safe way to dispose of potentially volatile stains / oils such as linseed?
The fire burns off the cellulose which is the sugar carbohydrate in the wood. And leaves the lignan
Qué tipo de pintura es de agua o vinílica?
What about using epoxy coating for the wood?
Great series of videos thanks mate 👍🏻 I love working with epoxy resin, and have been playing around with my blow torch  a little bit, but these vids have been great inspiration thank you
Would you recommend a top burn or a full burn for a rifle stock
Hey bro if you do ak rifles furniture you would be rich I'll be your first customer
Recently subbed so I’m not too familiar with past vids.  I’m intrigued by multi-colored stains on gun stocks or flat stock for that matter.  Guess my question is, are they individually applied using smaller brushes and if so how does one control bleeding?
I tried this and made a head board from 1x6x8 pine boards. Had a few issues but got it done and turned out great.  https://imgur.com/gallery/dhbFcJ9
If you are doing an outdoor project like siding, decks or planter boxes does how much char you brush off effect its durability against bugs, rot and weathering?
Really cool videos man, you've inspired my design for a recycled pallet bus/home. Cheers from Downunder
your are good man
Could the last one, full char, be used for flooring
Do you use other wood stains on brushed charred wood such as cherry, golden oak, dark walnut? Etc..
Was hoping you would use the red (water based) dye instead of the red varathane to see the effect
hi body i love all your proyects question can i use a diferent  wood for this techniques, like oak walnut mohagany
This the stuff I lime..!! Creativity 👍
What would you think about a full char on a desk top? Would a few coats of the Enduro provide a hard enough finish to preserve the char through normal use or would an epoxy resin be required?
I thought about burning a drum. The material will be ply basswood. How much material will be lost to the char?
Thank you for the knowledge of this style of woodworking. I have taken what I’ve learned from watching all 4 of your videos and have put it to work. Keep up the great work and I look forward to seeing and learning more from you.
Great videos 👍
I am doing my first shou surgical ban project and continue to refer back to this video. Thank for your excellent tips.
Essa tinta e a base de agua
Thank you!
Thanks for all the information in your videos. Because of your videos I feel confident in taking my projects to a new diy level. I'm currently working on a homemade bar for my bachelor apartment. I'm going to dye the top and sides; then clear coat them. What colors would you suggest for the top and the sides? The wood I'm using is pine because of the cost and availability. But I'd like a nice contrast between the side and bar top. All the while sticking to wood style colors. Though beautiful your blues and reds are I'd like to stay more darker and traditional. Any ideas? I can easily get to home depot and lowes for products. Amazon is a no go lol
Foam brushes are cheaper at Harbor Freight check it out.
Do you ever sand with random orbital sander with any of the burns? If so what grit would you recommend? I don’t like mill marks in wood if no sanding would they disappear with burning? FYI awesome videos.
AYUB
Hi. If I use pine wood it is necessary to use pre stain conditioner before you stain it? Burn, brush, pre stain, stain?    And other thing If I use untreated pine can I seal it with a water sealer before burning it?
Beautiful work.  After watching your video i was so excited to try this. Everything you explained so clearly where my results. Which brand of stain or dye do you recommend that gives the most dramatic look and enhanced 3D look without blotches ?
Incredibly detailed instruction...Great job brother
Using the red barn verathane ,  how long did you let it sit before wiping it off?
Useful. Thanks.
I am so doing this to my microwave. = D
Can that brush on clear coat at the end be used on exterior projects say a compost or garden bed safely? Great videos you got a new sub.
@Inspire Woodcraft:  can I use white stain to get a vivid black and white look? I am going to burn tomorrow a bunch of table pieces...
I'm so glad I found your tutorials. I'm making molds off the wood I prepare with shou sugi ban, for casting in black porcelain.
Супер красиво.
Just made my own little side table using the technique. It's really fun and looks amazing! Thank you for your videos. One question tho. I've used a water based dye. What is best to put over this to seal the wood better?
I found your videos about 45 minutes ago and i think they're great!  I was looking into the reason why this process of woodburning works and you explained it.  Thank you!  My question is what process and top coat would be best for a deck?  I haven't watched all your videos yet so maybe the answer is coming.  Keep up the great work.
Well done.... fck the jealous haters
Great video! Thank you! ONE QUESTION: If I was going to char the wood and have the furniture outdoors (it will be a garden bed), would the enduro-var water based satin coat work for that or is there another product you would recommend for that?
Will adding a couple of coats of poly to the fully burnt piece prevent it from flaking and keeping that gater look intact?  Thanks
This channel is so under appreciated.  You’re very thorough and thoughtful.  Thank you for all your effort!  I have been looking for months for this level of detail on these methods.
Thanks for the good video brother.  This stuff's harder than it looks.  I can't seem to make a good looking dark green for some reason and I've noticed that I haven't seen any of that color from you.  Does it not really work or is it just personal preference?
Thank you for sharing the info!  Now have to burn and stain everything I own.
You are a gifted teacher. I have all those products in my shop, I'm not sponsored. Why are people so whiney about giving away free knowledge, and possibly being able to pay bills (SOMEDAY) in the future?
If you asshole do not enjoy these great videos than don't watch them  . keep your jugement and unkind words to yourself . I found them very helpful . Treat people the way you wish to be treated ,I sick of people being assholes. It no wonder why some people snap and mass shooting. Be kind or keep it to yourself.
Thanks for the lesson. Very helpful. Great video.
Very good job may friend is very good information thanck 👍👍👍👍
Have you tried pre staining or dying the wood before the burning?  Would a deep dye survive?
Awesome series of videos. Thanks for the insight. You should check out this other Japanese technique using a "uzukuri" (浮造り). Basically burnishing softwood without the charring. Just another trick for the arsenal.
Hi inspire woodcraft Great video!! I'm thinking about using this technique on my decking area do you think this will work and last?
No such thing as "too much info", consider yourself "thumbed".
Love your videos! Question, can you give the wood a second stain if the colour is too pale? I’m working on my dining table, and the stain is not as bright as I like it to be
Really good job,that's a lot of work to video and edit!!
Really liking all this series of videos, I'm really tempted to get a torch and start burning! Thanks a million for your willingness to share info and inspire others.
Try working with analine stains they are vibrant and penetrate deep
I really like the full charred look! Another great video
I just found your work the other night and have inspired me to tackle a deck I need to replace, you do beautiful work.
Buen trabajo amigo
You are spilling it all out!  And that is AAAWESOME!  Been following you on instagram and it's all  great! Thanks for sharing pretty much ALL there is to it!  You skip no step, pretty grateful here! 💪 waiting for more cool stuff! 😎
Very good info that I will make use of. Thanks.
I have to say that the orange thumbnail is the best looking. But that’s me 😁
Really great information, thanks for showing these videos.
Very confused demo.  What exactly are you trying to do?  Push products?  Explain what we can clearly see?  Show us staining? 1.  First 6.5 mins were spent explaining the meaning of plastic cups and foam brushes - Arrrgggghh@#%$$!!  Stop.  We are intelligent adults.  We know what they are when you show them on video.  Should have been 10 secs of video or less.  No talking!  2.  Rambling on about water stains, oil stains, acrylic sprays - you don't know what the heck you are trying to show us.  Acrylic sprays are ghastly by the way.  Should never be used except on charcoal drawings as a fixative.  Thin out some polyurethane and this wood becomes water proof, and stain proof and it soaks in so you never see it.  Use Tung Oil.  Use Varnish. Use Lacquer, Danish Oil, Boiled Linseed Oil - anything but that horrible cheap looking artificial Acrylic!  Water based stain and urethanes are a joke!  3. Why buy foam brushes when you use paper towels to apply stain?  Absurd.  And foam is bad.  Use a regular cheap bristle brush from Home Depot for $1.  4.  Stop talking your head off!  SHOW, DON'T TELL.  My ears are hurting.  You sound like you took too much coffee, or are high on something.  Words are tumbling down out of control, and demo is all over the place.  Focus.  There is great potential in your videos, I wanted to see your techniques, but you need to shorten time and focus on one thing.
you can fix the "blotchyness" with a conditioner.
you kidding right? Not sponsored in any way shape or form? Either You are the sponsor or you lied cuz you admitted in description that you actually do receive a little commission like just needing to borrow my bulldozer to push "A Little" acre. No such thing as a little acre or commission. Info-mercials may have started on TV but have morphed for internet. You don't think we can tell we're watching an infomercial? Don't insult our intelligence. Half the words in your script was product name-dropping & you didn't do a very good job making it look like you're just Joe Biker that just can't wait to show all us DIY's the shoe-shoe sugga plums technique at home especially since you don't meet the 10,000 views requirement to monetize your vids. I'll prove it to you that I'm probably right when you reach your 10,000 views cuz everything is going to change & then your vids will really suck like corporate overtones always do. I like the sugga-sugga technique & am getting ready today even, to do it on small dead trees as crooked as the Fed to make a rustic fence entrance to my gravel road & I want it to look like I cared so I chose sugga-suggs but all those products you show would cost a small fortune & this was supposed to be an almost free project.
👍👍👍👍👍👍
I just did a set of cornhole boards with the shou sugi ban and they came out absolutely stunning. I stained the tops and sides with minwax. Golden Oak on one board and Sedona Red on the other.
Really digging your channel and the Shou Sugi Ban series so far. The in-depth breakdown on all the variables possible was sorely needed on YT. In a geeky way I prefer that over not having the info and loads of questions after. Even by proxy the Bay Area needs more woodworkers, keep it up and thanks!
I've recently been rediscovering my love of doing woodworking and other projects, and started poking around youtube.  Stumbled across your videos yesterday, and insta-subscribed.  Good stuff.  Quick question on the full char..  How stable is the surface once you put a coat or two on it?  Would it stand up to any kind of traffic/handling, or should it be for things that don't actually have contact very often?
Great video buddy!! Ok so i love the charred finish. Done it a bunch of times but haven't  found a finish that hardens it to the point of no rub off or chipping. Does that general finish varnish do the trick?
Good stuff. Really enjoying the videos. I'm practicing this stuff too. Thanks again
Nice one, great vid. Only problem is in UK most main hardwear places don’t stock dyes and only stains in the usual mahogany, etc. Nothing water based and in any form of colour. Having had a look many art supplies are the place to get them from. I’ve  just ordered some Liberon in 5 different colours online @ £4.95 for 15ml concentrate bottle.
Great vid, as expected. Thanks a lot for sharing!
Great info!
Great video Jodee.
Awesome 4 part series!  Nice work man!  I like you beard in video 1, go back to that...makes you look badass.
This is by far, really, really far, the most valuable and informative videos about shou sugi ban. I was really waiting for that last part on coloring the wood and as expected, you didn't disappoint! Thanks so much for sharing all those amazing details!  Keep up the good work! I had a look at your IG and your work is really beautiful. Inspiring. Amazing.
Stop worrying about to much info, your doing an awesome job explaining this.  I would love to see you do some actual projects to show what people can make with this technique.
Don't thank us, THANK YOU!  As a photographer I get really busy this time of year and because of your videos I am itching to do some projects! Odd thing is that here in Philly I have yet to find dyes. Stains are everywhere but dyes aren't. I need to find a good purple for one project I have in the pipeline. hmmm... Another great video. Dude, you are good!  PS - It looks like you nailed the focus issues!
Love this channel!! Thanks for the tips! keep them comin!!
HELLO I sent ou a message on IG
Thank you for all the effort. Very informative. 👌🏻
I’ve watched your videos and been making my own computer desk using the shou sugi ban technique and with the help of your videos. First of, thank you for influencing and helping me to do my first project. Thanks to you I know almost have a beautifully finished desk. I have started and found my own ways of doing charring the lumber, scrubbing it and staining it. I found that by charring the wood, deeply scrubbing it and the staining it around 5 or 6 times. I myself like the tool marks and have used allot of a more harsher brush and has given it more texture that is already has. Then I stained it with a deep purple stain. There is still a lot that I have to experiment my self with other techniques, tools and paints. But I feel very happy with the results I got and plan to do more projects like this. Thank you.
