If we’re not deep frying do we not add the egg white? Do we add water instead?
Hi, I just bought some Hua diao and was wondering if I can use that in the same quantity as the liao jiu? For this recipe?
cool.. but i have never seen these measurement "spoons" in Europe. Is this a chinese thing?
I make the sichuan with cashews. I'm allergic to peanuts. But i even like the cashews more.
Present
👌
I always had with carrots and cucumbers in it
it would be really helpful if you wrote the ingredients either on the video itself or in the descripy
I made the Guizhou version using the quick ciba lajiao from the Guizhou laziji video. It was was fantastic. I’ll have to try it with a proper batch of ciba lajiao when I get around to making some. I definitely prefer it to the Sichuan version (which is also really good!).
i watch your channel often but this is the first recipe from it that i actually made :)
Look very delicious 🤤 😋
Are you using powdered sugar rather than granulated sugar? Looks very delicious.
My fav Chinese take out dish. Wanted to try w beef or pork sub w same sauce.
Is there a version that has potatoes in it? There was a restaurant in the UK that my hubby and I loved and they put potato in. I’m wondering if maybe it’s a different dish??
I'm going to try both methods, but one and detail stands out. For the more full-flavor  ed chicken thighs, no roasted peanuts. I surmise that the presence of peanut in the chicken breast gives it a more "meaty" flavor. Roasted peanuts provide a substantive flavor akin to meat. Got it.
You look really handsome in the reflection from the wok at 3:18
Just made the Guizhou version subbing Sambal Oelek for the chili paste, came out awesome!
Aww, the first KPchix video was just fine! It was charming, entertaining, and it was what got us all started loving you guys! I appreciate the upgraded version, no doubt, but I still got positive results in my own kitchen by watching the original, and I think you should be proud of it.    I've never made ANY videos myself, and if I did, I don't think they would be anywhere NEAR the quality of the LEAST of this channel's offerings... You should be bragging, not apologizing... you don't want to be seen as a stereotypical "overly-apologetic Canadian", do you? ❤️✌️🇺🇲🇨🇦🇨🇳🤗
I like your vocal fry
Liked this video much better than the "amateurish" video and you answered a question here before I asked it, so thank you!
Just made the Szechuan version tonight, wife hasn't stopped talking about how good it was.  Thanks for helping me win at marriage!
Thank you for this. Just finished cleaning up after making this for my mom and myself. It was amazing. Mom loved it so that's the best complement in my book 👍👍🍻  Oh and thanks for the Reddit link. That was super detailed and very helpful.
The best and most authentic English language Chinese recipes ♥
You guy make it simple while very methodical!
Can’t seem to get my leeks tender enough, any idea what I may be doing wrong? Chicken and sauce are perfect though
Noob question: Does "dark soy sauce" mean the sweet one, or the aged one?
Has anyone else pointed out that your voice sounds just like Richard Dreyfuss?
Kto od prostracji?
Nobody is going to peel peanuts.
3/10, not enough MSG
Have you had the Hawaiian Chinese version using pineapple as a sweetener? I grew up near an International District that then had a lot of Chinese immigrants and was similar to San Francisco or NY Chinatown and had so many versions like this video, but just recently found the pineapple version at a wok restaurant near a navy base. Very interesting!
great vid. one question though. can i substitute the chicken with cubed pork chop part? i know its not traditional but im fresh out of chicken breast
First of all your channel is next to that of Wang Gang and the books of Fuchsia Dunlop my greatest source of information if it comes to Chinese, especially Sichuan cooking. Since I started cooking as a hobby chef some 30 years ago I have always been obsessed by Gong Bao. First I did westernized version, for the want of authentic recipes, but with the internet I started getting closer and closer to the original version. Now I finally got to try the Guizhou version and I was blown away. Yes, I missed the peanuts, but the flavor was so intense. I had to improvise with the ciba lajiao though. I blitzed up some home pickled red chili (brined in vinegar, sugar, salt water and baijiu) with some dried facing heaven, a bit of garlic and ginger. Then spiced up some oil by frying star anise, cinannom, stick, bay leaves, onions and some more garlic and ginger in it. Then I fried the blitzed chili in the same oil until most moisture was gone, put it in a jar and stirred in a few drop of baijiu. Might not be the real thing, but it worked fine in the sauce and gave it the right amount of spiciness.
Kto od Prostracji
kto od prostracji? XDDD
Dobra, kto od prostracji?
OMG It's best dish what I ever did
I love your videos, but I don't want to commit to a monthly fee (subscription).  Do you have a one-time payment option?
Question. Are the dried chilis, Sichuan pepper corns, ginger pieces, etc usually eaten. I personally really liked this dish, but I found it a bit difficult to eat some of the ingredients (the chilis were too spicy for me and especially my mum and the ginger pieces were a bit unpleasant too since they were so big)
So I made the first one tonight. Funny thing was I have 15 year old chao tian jiao that I had squirreled away and recently came across. Although I dutifully seeded them they were much hotter than I remember. I'm at the tail end of what was a 1 kilo bag too so it isn't like I never used them. Anyway, good recipe. I need to make it again with some less concentrated fire.
Thanks folks. Just made this under lockdown in London. Used a combination of this and your old recipe. Like being back in our home in Beijing!
And.... out
I will Kung pao your chicken and Sichuan your peppers! Only real Lingling wannabes knows this
Where is the added MSG?  I like it.
I'm an idiot, I opted for the non-deepfried way and I still used the friggin egg white. Stuck to the pan pretty badly.
whats the difference btw hoisen sauce and dark soy sauce?
I'm having a problem with colour.  Mine always comes out sort of dark brown.  It tastes great, but I want that lighter chicken-y colour.  Not sure why this is.  Too much sauce maybe?     The chicken itself turns brown on the outside, seemingly due to the marinade, so I'm not sure.
I made this for my husband tonight, he really craved the local take away version but we aren't rich enough to afford that. Was a lot better but very similar. Thank you
Hi guys, is this dish supposed to be sweet or did I mess up the ratios? It came out good but definately mega sweet.
wait, kung pao chicken is actually an authentic recipe? does that mean I'm not a basic white person for ordering it? lmao
He is great.....but, the videos do not need her repeat at the end.
love your channel and love your food... I need to have a wok room built in my house lol
If it ain’t spicy it ain’t worth eating
I subscribed to your channel last spring because I was looking for a gong bao ji ding recipe that actually tasted and looked like the dish I fell in love with at the Beijing Hotel over 30 years ago.  I have tried many recipes over the years; your Sichuan version (1st recipe) was enjoyed by my whole family, but for me it brought me back to my 19 yr old self memory of absolute food heaven; I could see the soviet era red carpet and murals of that inimitable place with every bite.  Xie xie ni men! 💛
Why no cucumber ?
What kind of oil?
You guys ever think about doing a cook book ?
Tried it, and it's ok. now granted i added a few to many peanut, So that's not helping. Since the peanuts for me don't really mesh well here. But i probably should have made some rice with this, since i feel rice would really help balance the dish out. Though that fry method is now my favorite, just so quick and easy. Also makes more nicely cooked chicken pieces. So in the end, got some nice info from this.
Anyone practicing 40 hrs?
So I notice you guys don't say to take out the peppercorn after using it to flavor the oil. I made a beef stir fry recently, and the recipe (by Chen Kenichi actually) said to remove them before adding the other ingredients. Is that up to personal preference?
You forgot a step: put on gas mask and THEN put chilies into hot oil.    I've gassed the entire front half  of my house frying chilies.
Searching for a long time for a 宫保鸡丁recipe that tastes like it does in Beijing.  This is it.  Good job folks!
3:18 we finally see your face
Is there not a true Sichuan version that is essentially chicken in chili pepper oil with peanuts? I suppose that's like saying there is a most authentic version of the American hamburger
I love your channel. I am an American Chef living in South Korea and I MISS CHINESE FOOD. Heading to the Philippines for vacation where the Chinese is really pretty super! But Koreans make this Black Sauce with onions, put it on everything, and call it Chinese.     But if they really want it show off their skills (and high quality) they add about 100 gr of sugar to every dish.   I love the Korean beef soups. But I avoid anything they call "Chinese" here.   GREAT CHANNEL.
I found black vinegar at my local asian market. is this the same as "dark" chinese vinegar?
I decided to learn how to make this dish properly, so I sourced the appropriate ingredients (thankfully there are some wonderfully stocked Chinese grocers in my area), watched this video at least a dozen times, made sure I had the proper tools on hand, and went for it.  I was so surprised that it turned out so well - and that was only because you provided clear, precise, and accurate instructions.  I did substitute skinless chicken breast just because that’s what we prefer, but the frying method ensures the meat stayed juicy and delicious.    Thank you so much for providing such great educational videos.  There’s no wasted time, no frivolous conversation; it’s all about the history of the dish and the art and mechanics of producing it.  It was a bit daunting for me to work with a bunch of unfamiliar ingredients, but by following you exactly, I made a meal that everyone loved.  Oh, I used 16 Sichuan peppercorns, just to be slightly rebellious.  Please keep making these videos; you are one of the best cooking channels available on YouTube.  Do you think you’ll create a cookbook?
Nice 😋
Consistently great recipes! The video color balance is a bit off though
Excellent techniques, helped a lot.  I'm too lazy to gathers some of the ingredients and hate following recipes but I found if you take the basics from this, you can make a decent facsimile with readily available ingredients and your own variation.  Followed this basic framework but mine was chicken thigh, green beans, soy sauce, corn starch, arbol chile, garlic, ginger,  egg, scallion, black bean paste and oyster sauce.  Was some of the best Chinese I've made in a long time.
Could you sub Sambal Oelek for that chili paste?
Saw the first one. Loved the second :D
This has got to be the most informative Chinese cooking channel on Youtube.
Surprised by the cornstarch slurry in all of these recipes. What were the Chinese using before North America was discovered by the old world? Makes me think about Italian cooking prior to tomatoes what the heck were they eating back in the day?
The Sichuan kung pao chicken is pretty close to what I've had in Chengdu when I lived there, except they added a lot more chillies and peppercorns
Why do you deseed the chillies?
Can you start writing your recipes in the description?!  Love your channel and will definitely subscribe if you do!!!
when you addressed the colour I knew this is the deal...been searching for such authenticity since ages.
is boneless skin on chicken just something they have in asia? I wish that were common in the US
MUST MUST MUST try all these recipes. I have the markets close by, no reason not to!
Is there any substitute for the chilipaste in the Guizhou version?
Holy smokes, thanks for bringing up my heritage (Guizhou), we definitely need to see more Guizhou cuisine, as it is an undiscovered gem!
this channel is the god of all channels
Blanching in either oil or water is a whole step I had not known about. No cookbooks I have mentioned this step. I LOVE your channel!
Great!
These recipes are very accurate and delicious. I tried the Sichuan one using the chinese pickled pepper my wifes family gave us in China as the coloring agent. The only thing I did different to more accurately replicate the taste is half the sugar and much less (very little) cornstarch. But other than that I did the recipe verbatim and it came out extremely delicious and accurate tasting. Good work. Keep up the good videos.
Hi sir... plz plz video itself list out the ingredient....then only easy for me... plz help me .. I have to try Chinese recipe...because I'm living in Singapore....Im for India...so you're video's are helpful for me...I don't known some Chinese item....I have to learn and try  from you...I don't want to eat in Chinese restaurant and what are the famous dishes...I don't how to shop items in supermarket...So plz plz list out the ingredients in video itself and so in closer of the items....
When i look at your cookimg you dont seem to use onions that much when you do stir fry. Would there be any reason or just because it is not in the original rexipe? I really learn a lot from your video thank you.
Just wanted to say, the audio is super clear, you're doing an awesome job
I prefer second one
I just made this with chicken breast, I was surprised, it turned out awesome. It was moist and tender. I skipped the chillis and used some extra hot chili powder (Rajah brand in the UK) instead. Loved the complex flavour profile!
can you please please please upload an authentic recipe for sichuan grilled fish hotpot? ( I hope i got it right can't remember what's it called)
First off: thank you for your really interesting videos, its hard to find these kind of authentic chinese cooking videos in english. Havent made one of your videos yet, but as i really like dan dan noodles (i make the recipe i found from kenji lopez-alt) i am really looking forward making your version next.  But i have a question regarding the black vinegar: from what i've learned is, that acidity gets lost when you heat it up. So typically when you deglaze a pan with wine in french cuisine, you reduce it a lot, to get rid of the raw acidity  for example.   In another video showing how to make kung pow chicken, its mentioned that it was crucial to add the vinegar at the very end, when the heat is completely off. This is also how i do it. Would you say that its not necessary here? what are your experiences with it ? Greetings from Germany
Lol I'm Chinese myself and everytime you speaks Chinese it amuses me. Idk if it's the professionality or not but these fine receipt videos need more views.
You really shared the fine details. Thanks
I really liked the old kung pao too though. Cant wait to try this new version. I've put some garlic cloves into the soil of my garden just to get the green garlic for the Guizhou version lol a few more weeks and I can harvest them
.....what an enjoyable cooking show you produced! love it just simply love it! Am retired but after subscribing to your channel I willingly went back to cooking! Thank you!
Is that your cutting board that looks like an expensive table?   Or is it! HEHE
Hot damn this is so good!!! I made the Sichuan version along with the garlic bok choy recipe from ages ago and it was just a bang-up meal. Thanks for always making such freakin good food!
Great video.  The old skool Sichuan version is the real deal, flavored with chili oil and typically has very little sauce (like yours) but typically not a favorite of Southern and Eastern Chinese.  More often I see Cantonese and Taiwanese and even Japanese versions which are quite mild and lacking much chili oil and using doubanjiang for flavor.  Perhaps Kung Pao is on of those dishes that's been adapted wherever you go in China and Chinese diaspora with polarized opinions depending on where you are from.  I had a version from a Shanxi restaurant last week and eh... It was one of those versions that one could only love or hate... Since it was so mild on flavor... i was expecting strong flavors  I of that region.  Or perhaps it was lightened for southern taste buds or maybe they just had a bad version. Again really interesting vid to contrast three different ways to make the dish.
Can you make zhajiangmian? It's one of my favorites and English language sources can be all over the place
Thank you for sharing recipes!!!
Maybe a bit of a silly question... but do you think balsamic vinegar would work as a substitute for black Chinese vinegar? 🙈
Eat this if you want to meat impotence.
Thank you for these awesome videos! Could you share more chicken/beef recipes? Also, would love to see some Chinese-style desserts/tong sui/soup dishes. Keep up the great work!!
Can you do a Lanzhou Niu Rou Mian recipe please?
I smell it here
I love gong bao chicken. A lot. So thanks for posting so many variations! Delicious. I've never tried it with the egg white, so I may give that a go.
You missed the secret of Kung pao chicken. The secret lies in the burning or charring of the dried chilli. You need to fry until the dried chilies are dark and almost black. With that, you’ll get the very unique and Smokey flavor found only in Kung pao chicken.
If it's fine to make a request here...  Can you do a Lo Mein video please.  Maybe for us Americans that are mislead in the USA you can explain the difference culturally between this dish and what we think it is.   I've had it here with big fat noodles (good) and also very thin noodles.  Sometimes it looks and tastes like the restaurant used spaghetti pasta (bad).  Maybe break the video up in two parts.  The first is the cultural background and what it should be versus what is often served.  The second video is the actual cooking of the dish as you would normally do.  Thanks.
Great Recipe!! Thanks, and keep up the great work.
Great work, loving this channel
Did you just pour a load of oil down the sink DansGame
Keep making videos. I live binge watching
Fantastic channel! Really calm and clear instructions and very interesting! This is going to be a very popular channel. Keep it up you guys:)
Holy coincidence, Batman!  I just watched your original Kung pao video two hours ago.  Crazy.  Anyway, thanks for the updated video.
As usual, really well researched and informed video. Great stuff!
I didn't notice a colour shift tbh. This looks right up my alley. Quick, few ingredients, little prep but BIG flavour. I'm loving these. Keep this going. I can't offer much (we are what they call~senior citizens, meaning poor, lol) and pensions don't go far but I'm genuinely happy to help support you. Now~question time~is there a huge difference in flavour between dark and light soy sauce AND the vinegar you mentioned~what is it made of please.  Thank you both.   Jenn 💖 in Canada 🍁
Love this dish
I've never had the Ghuizho version, I'll have to try that. I could be wrong but it looks like you're using green garlic not garlic scapes?
i have a newbie question, i bought Sichuan peppercorn 2 or 3 times so far, from bulk barn , a local market with big bins you pick and fill your bag to how much you want, and every time i get a sandy grity bits , is it from the peppercorn itself? cause i'm wondering if they handled it bad or something and maye sand got in it, i made Sichuan chili oil and i wanted to do unfiltered but if i dont, i have theses littles bits of 'sand'
Something you didn't mention is today being the one year anniversary of the channel starting.  Congrats for that
So a few notes here:  1. So right, we started getting a Patreon up and running. It’s still in its early stages and we’re still thinking about ways to develop it/additional rewards.  There’ll be some content posted there real soon, promise.  And apologies for not linking to it in the video… we’ve been in limbo in the YouTube partnership program for the last five months and therefore can’t link in the end screen.  Check it out here: https://www.patreon.com/ChineseCookingDemystified  2.  As for those additional things to add color, my personal choice is actually ‘none of the above’. Frying a little bit of Korean chili flakes together with the chilis stains things real good, and because they’re not very spicy I feel it doesn’t really alter the flavor.  Our video last year used a bit of doubanjiang… which can also work well but runs the risk of giving someone from Sichuan an aneurism :)  3.   And on that note, I know that ‘ketchup’ prolly gave ya a bit of a double take.  It’s a thing, and is actually used by one of our favorite Sichuanese chefs. If anything, a touch of ketchup (seriously, I can’t stress this enough, just a TOUCH) would prolly work better than some other choices in the context of this flavor profile.  Kung Pao chicken is part of the ‘hula’ (burnt-spice) flavor profile, which means it’s gotta be a (1) a little spicy (2) a little sweet and (3) a little sour.    4.  Again, you don’t *have* to deep fry this guy :) The thing is, if you got a round bottomed wok, a quick deep fry really isn’t too annoying at all… this used about ~1.5 cups of oil total.  If you had to lug out a deep-fryer and pour in some sort of mountain of oil I prolly wouldn’t bother with the deep fry either lol. A quick stir fry over high heat’d also do the trick.  5. The veg for the Guizhou version's GREEN GARLIC (蒜苗), not garlic scapes (蒜苔).  English language brain fart. Big thank you to ‘Almanac Mountain’ for pointing that out.  That’s all I can think of for now, I’ll prolly write a few more notes as I think of em. And apologies for the color/video quality on some of these shots here (I know at times it looked like we were filming on the sun lol), I’m really not so sure what happened.
