A table saw with a blade guard. What a unique idea. I've seen hundreds of woodworking videos and no blade guard
Fits well into my space, I painted the back green. It's very easy to customize just the back if that's something you want to do. I would suggest sanding it first before painting, I got a little impatient. The shelves https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxM8H4CjCb79vzeyvgaFMdzmLm88oVFPMkare pretty small so keep that in mind if you're going to have it horizontal that some books won't fit. I like the snug look that it has. Good small shelf if you don't have much space, but not too small. Simple to put together, though you'll need your own tools, a screwdriver and a mallet/hammer, it's easiest to do with another person.
Hi.  I like your videos.  Maybe you can tell me or tell me how to figure this out.  If i want to build a bookcase with shelves 12 inches wide and these shelves will be built out of 3/4 inch solid maple and reinforced with a 1 and 3/4 inch lip, how long can the shelf be and not sag under the weight of heavy books.
Excellent product very useful to traveling
Does anyone know the brand of portable drill press Tom uses?
Anyone tried this using PVC pipes?
That butcher block would make a great cutting board as well.
How long is a shot piece of pipe?
I get started just have to watch the video a couple more time.
This is much simpler and cleaner than what I was planning on doing.
Yeah cute, sticker shock a year ago, try now. Those pipes are a fortune now..That shelve would cost over $150.00 in material. So not so great. years ago, one built a shelve like that because it was affordable.
I figured $140 in pipe and fittings alone.
I'm leaving this comment here in case anyone looks this video up for inspiration. There is a serious flaw in the way This Old House goes about constructing this shelf.  Their build relies ENTIRELY on the holes being a perfect fit with the pipes for stability, as the shelves are just free-floating, held down by nothing more than gravity. Get the fit of the holes and pipe off by even the slightest bit, and the pipes will be able to wobble in their holes, and the whole shelf will be a wobbly mess. I would instead recommend going with the approach of using TWO female-female couplers for each shelf/pipe intersection. One coupler sits below the shelf, and another sits on the top side, connected through the hole by a short section of pipe. With this approach, the strength comes from the couplers being tightened down such that they "clamp" the shelf on both sides of the hole. Much more stable, and you don't need to be as precise with getting the size of the holes EXACTLY right. As long as the holes are bigger than the pipes, but smaller than the couplers, you'll be good. (Use a bit that is 1/8" or 1/16" larger than the outside diameter of your pipes.)
What size drill bit do you use for 3/4” pipes?
That looks awesome
What a beauty!
what drill bit size are you using for 3/4" black pipe?  Outside diameter is not always listed.
You could try to save some money with cheaper wood, but each of those pieces of pipe will cost you $4-5 and there's about 20 something pieces he has laid out there...
Is there anything I can do if I drill the holes to large?
For anyone looking to make this and sell for your woodworking business, I do not recommend. This project using exact materials ( butcher block and black malleable pipe) cost about 350-400 dollars to make. Nobody would ever pay that much for an industrial shelf. Even if you substituted the wood you’d still be looking at 150 -200 bucks :(  come on TOH give us affordable projects to make!
Can't go to the home center now
OMG - this is so great. I've been looking for a clear and concise way to create some for my bathroom. You Rock! 3:57
I recognized these from Jay Bates due to the 2x2 construction. I think most people would use 2x4, but the 2x2 should be just fine. 5:27
What size of bit do I use for the holes?
This is a great rack idea. It's simple, modular, robust and adjustable. You can adjust the height simply by using different length tube segments. Also, when you move house or change the number of pieces of gear you can easily add or remove shelves at will. As a bonus it looks good too, with that retro-industrial-rustic design and it can be made very cheaply.
A lot of people will say "I am totally making this" till they get sticker shock.
As high as you want? Can you go 67844365923411678 feet high?
Pretty neat, but for the size of this bookshelf, you could use smaller black pipe and shelf grade wood instead of a butcher's block.  Would save a lot of money.  This shelf could probably hold a truck up.
Black steel has lead on it I thought
Hi, I am trying to build a shelving unit using the 3/4 black pipes but I am having an issue with making a tight hole into wood. I tried 1” bit and it was too small and I tried 1 1/8 and that was too loose. What is the correct size I need? Please help, thank you.
Did you put any kind of pad under the flange to protect floor?
My ceiling is 226 feet high. Can I build the shelf that tall?
What brand was the portable drill press
0:24 Tom "you can go to the home center, get all the pieces you need"  Me: or they could just raid Richard's tool box  😇
Elegant (as in: simple, practical and beautiful). Any sanding between coats of poly?
What determines the maximum allowed weight for a shelf: the thickness of the wood or the number of pipes? I'm looking for something to hold excess plates and glasses.
Looks like it leans
I'm thinking of doing this with standard 2x10 construction wood (pine) to cut down the cost, anyone tried similar project with this kind of wood?
Excellent. Easy, affordable, and durable.
Show 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Turned out pretty great!
portable drill press brand name and cost?
Portable drill press? I think I'm in love! ♥️♥️♥️
I like these dudes a lot! They make cool stuff!
BEAUTIFUL!!! WORK!!! LOVE IT!
Keep dem hos tight. Nobody likes loose sloppy hos!
I'll stick to free wood pallets from my local factory,,, yes, a very rustic look...
love it. But need to figure out how to drill holes without expensive drill press
Could you not use some 3 hole 3/4 flanges to serve as joins for the shelves? This way you are not drilling holes in the butcher block and seems like it could be more sturdy.
Nice job guys. I’d really like to know which Home Depot these guys go to where stuff always seems so neatly stacked and always in stock, available. Because the ones around my way never seem to have anything available and surely don’t look this well organized. I go there and could bare find what I need and if they have, which by the way is a rare case. They never have the quantity I need. I wonder how they’re still in business sometimes.
the bit is in mm
notice,  they never tell you what size drill bit...lol
Cool
💞
awesome! I'm always the guy holding the vacuum - but I know I could handle this!
Alright, so now let's do that with regular tools.
Hi there I’m looking to built a clothing rack but I’m still looking on what’s the best way to clean the black pipe and how to to prevent it from rust any suggestions ?
easybto build my ass
Re: previous comments... There was nothing said about this being cheap. And  when you start working with any kind of iron pipe it never is (bring your check book, or charge card!). That said... Doing it gives you the satisfaction (??) of having built something, and/or customizing it to fit a particular situation. Kits to build these are available for a couple to several hundred dollars. Or, you can go to one of those fancy-ass boutique furniture stores, and shuck out a couple thousand bucks for the same thing. I've made a few of these things, and here's a tip: if you buy the pipe at a big box store take your measuring tape along to make sure the pipe from the "one foot" bin is pretty close to that. There can be some variation. I have all my pipe cut, and threaded, at the local hardware store. Costs a bit, but worth it. That way they like me, and don't treat me like I'm from another planet when I ask them about something even they've never heard of.
You guys rock.
What would you recommend doing if you wanted to make a 50 inch TV stand like that
Buy the pieces off of ebay from China. Way cheaper, and that's where it comes from anyway. You just won't be able to build it for a few weeks.
You guys in the USA have no idea how lucky you are with your home centre stores. Over here in the Uk we don’t have anything like the range you have. You have loads of different plywoods, including prefinished etc  And metal pipe like this, we wouldn’t get that at a general Home centre (yes that is how you spell centre 😝)  So lucky 😥
I feel like that's not a lot of support for each shelf. Can these safely hold a microwave?
1-1/16 was the hole size for 3/4 pipe? that wold be way too sloppy.  Is that a mistake?
What is the brand and model name for your table saw?
Hi. Really nice idea with the wood shelves and metal frame! We are a small Danish design company that makes clothes rails and shelves. We would be curious to hear what you guys think about our clothes rails and if you have any suggestions to our designer - check them on Ziito.uk or Ziito.de. Please write us on info@ziito.uk
I need one of this.
Not impressed. I've seen the Professor build one from bamboo and coconuts that was better then this.
next time use milk crates!!!
4:20 that's a particulate mask he's wearing it won't offer one bit of protection from the lacquer fumes.
hello all - i am trying to figure out who makes that portable drill press he is using.  has anyone figured that out?  thanks...
As others here have commented, black pipe and fittings are expensive. I have built several shelving units using inexpensive PVC pipe and threaded rod.  Cut the pipe into lengths to match the desired shelf spacing. Drill holes to allow passage of threaded rod at pipe support locations. Cut disks with a hole saw to match inside diameter of PVC pipe. Assemble shelving unit, passing threaded rod from top to bottom through holes and through PVC pipe. Use cut disks glued in place to centre threaded rod in pipe sections. Tighten nuts with washers top and bottom, and you are done. Use 1 1/2 " and larger diameter pipe. Tension on threaded rods stabilizes unit. Can add leg stubs and nut covers to your taste. PVC pipe can be painted. Have also used variation of this method to build refined bookshelves - wood verticals (use your imagination) with passage for hidden threaded rods. Threaded rod available in up to ten foot lengths. Simple, simple, simple.
What’s the name of the drill device to drill the holes??
A question guys, i have a bit of 1 3/8 inch size, my pipe is 3/4 inch , do you think my pipe would fit perfctly on the wood? I want it tight , thanks.
Black pipes are expensive, especially the flanges. I can make floating shelves for $40.
He buddy It looks easy to do it. There are complete tools aren't there?.
This played a big part in me finally get around to building and making a video about some shelf brackets for a slab I milled down a while back. Using acetone to clean the pipe and paste wax to finish it is my preference for the pipe. Love the industrial look!
One way to reduce the price is to buy a larger piece of pipe and have the home center make the cuts and threads for you to your specifications. I know that Home Depot by me will do this (the cut/thread machine is generally in the same isle) for free. I think you can get a 10' length of black pipe for less than $20...
Great video. Love the channel. Maybe a long shot, but anyone know who did the music at 55 seconds?
I can't believe how easy Tom makes everything look so easy.
No
Leaving aside the important questions of cost and stability that others have raised, I have a question about butcher block as a shelf material.  Books are heavy. That block is dozens of little strips glued together. Is it going to come apart as it sags under the weight of the books? Doesn't sound like the best material to me.
Yup, this is not cheap at all.
On a scale of 1 to 10 how hard would it be to get a nice straight hole cut by hand with a drill (and maybe a vertical piece of wood to guide) vs. the portable press? Also I'm only going 3/4" deep as my boards are more shallow. Wondering if I should spend the $25 on the press (and have for possible future use although may not use again).
Not the similar pipe in France...grrr...😥
what is the size of the drill mill to make the hole for the pipe ?
i like this video...
These pipes come oiled once wiped off pipe will become rusted
I made my own! Thanks guys https://instagram.com/p/BZrRyoJHC6_/
Can anyone confirm that a 1-1/16" forstner bit fits snug around the OD of 3/4" steel pipe?
Very nice looking.
Hi, I tried to build this shelf in 1feet x 4feet long but the problem is that the shelf is not stable and it not rigid  it is moving in all direction and i think the problem is with the hole that i bored (.5mm more i guess just thinking) .  Can you help me to fix it ?
Love those spacers for the poly application
Checked pipe prices on Lowe's. About $140 in pipes alone. I was wanting to make and sell some of this furniture but making a profit seems hard with the material costs :/
Where does one buy sheets of butcher block??
I'm totally doing this, thanks for posting!
Not too shabby. However, I would add washers between each coupler and shelf to add some shear strength by reducing the stress on the couplers.
Just did the math.  Each post (3/4" floor flange + three threaded connectors + cap + three 12" pipes + 3" pipe) comes to $44 each...so you're at $188 for just the plumbing!!!  Now that butcher cutting board... that's another $100 for a piece like that.
Just did the math.  Each post (3/4" floor flange + three threaded connectors + cap ! three 12" pipes + 3" pipe) comes to $44 each at Lowe's...so you're at $188 for just the plumbing!!!  Now that glued finger cutting board... that's another $75 (for several much smaller sizes)
very expensive .. start to finish.. a few hundred dollars in pipe n wood  n fittings n spray
wickad pissa
when you have a paper due in the morning and you find yourself thinking you could use a bookshelf...
I'd suggest not making a cross cut with the rip fence setup on a table saw unless you really know what you are doing. ESPECIALLY if you aren't using a miter guide to push with. Just my opinion..stay safe.
Done to death. No real creativity.
12" × 2 = 24"  AND ONE BEING 3/4"  CAP ETC! GUESS WHAT IT IS???
I like the use of the mini drill press. What brand/model is it?
Beautiful!
Where can you buy butchers block or do you have to make it yourself
how much would something like this sell for?
Is it just me or is there something crooked about it? Cross threaded pipe on one side?
What would you suggest for cleaning the black iron pipe before sanding?
Awesome
You're both very handsome 😍😈
what is the attachment he used in 3:00
what pipe and fitting make used for shelves ?
beautiful!!  simple....
Nice project - I like the yellow triangle things for poly coating.
How much time does it take to build it?
I would have used T's at the top and bottom and couplings on both the bottom and the top of each shelf.  I have one rule above all else when building something. If its not better than what I need it's not good enough. If I need a shelf to hold 100 pounds than it must hold at least 150 pounds or I won't build it.
And it costs 3 times what a store bought shelf would cost.
What size hole are you drilling for what size pipe? I thought you were using 3/4 inch pipes but you said your drillbit was 1 inch and 1/16th.
They do look amazing, but those flanges are VERY expensive!
Nice that the gay community also is into wood working
Хочу стойку для дрели такую
Thank you for this video.  Exactly what I needed.
it is easy to build if you have all the equipment =)
"Easy to build"????
Beautiful!. Can make an awesome audio rack for a turntable!
I really enjoyed this episode. Simple project with great results
sweet
hmm this how I build my audio racks and that was years a go
Simple and nice build. Does anyone know what those yellow triangle pieces are called ??? Those he put the shelfs on while painting them. Regards
Beautiful 👍👍👍👍👍👍
2.42 - whats wrong with the watch?
nice, I made a desk a couple years back with plumbing pipe at my local hardware store. I spray painted my couplings gold, and the pipe a more even black paint and left my flanges and elbows the gray color.  Had no idea this was a trend until now.  I wanted to buy a desk with the industrial look, but some ran between $1200-$3400 for a desk. So I decided to make one instead and mine is a taller than normal, so I could stand and wouldn't have to use a chair all the time to do my computer work and general work.  And a heads up, I used 1 1/4" pipe and those flanges are not cheap.  I needed 14 flanges and it cost me almost $200.  Total cost was about $900  :/.  Wood is not cheap.  Nonetheless, I am very happy with my desk and it will serve me years to come.
