Water pump it's cost how much
How much
Just found a sticker on the bottom of my pump it says SAE 15 w40
Very helpful. Thanks for posting.
Great job homie!
I have a Samsung pump that has not got any way to put oil in or take out of to 3500 PSI
I was never able to figure out what oil needs to be used for which component.  This vid answered my questions.  Thanks!
I have a BE pressure washer with a Honda motor and a Comet pump. There is no sight glass or drain plug on the pump but there is a filler cap. How do I know how much oil is required.
Good video then the oil level should be in the side window thanks.
what about the gear oil????
In the future, for a higher quality video, please invest in a tripod stand for your camera -- the constant bouncing up/down side-to-side is really distracting.
Suppose the oil right up the top what would happen?
Thank you for the explanation! I almost put the wrong oil in my pump 😅
Wrong motor oil for an air cooled engine. Must have zinc. Since 2008 automotive oil had zinc left out.
UPDATE:1 year and still cranks within the first 2-3 pulls. Probably will buy another when this one finally does bite the dust https://www.youtube.com/post/Ugkx43QMbQqu67IZadu9ou8Sg1BdrunMRNqX . No issues at all. Very happy with it.UPDATE: After 6 months of use and over 70 uses I would still highly recommend this pressure washer. It does vibrate a decent amount but never had it “walk” like others have mentioned. No oil leaks, still seems to run like the day I bought it. Still cranks within 2-3 pulls every time. Very happy with my purchase!Have used it about a dozen times now. Plenty of power, cranks up on 1-2 pulls every time. My only complaint would be I wish it was a little taller to make it easier to walk with it (hits my ankles a lot) and that the two hose connections were a little further apart but it hasn’t caused me any issues. Seems to run a good 1-1/2-2 hrs on a full tank, overall a well built machine and definitely worth the money in my opinion.
Amigo tenho uma general pump 44 EZ 3035 tá vazando óleo da bomba bem nessa peça que tira pra colocar o óleo na bomba, essa tampinha tem um furinho é normal?
Non detergent  streight 30 for the washer pump
I was trying to find out what type of oil. My brushless pump took and as soon as i've seen that you'll reminded me. Thank you so much I clicked through at least 10 different videos none as informative and thorough as yours.
Very helpful thank you so much it was very help full because I wanted change the oil and I didn’t know how but now I know even what is different between engine oil and pump oil
Very good explanation thank you very much from PR
Thank you
600 🤔
pressure washer pump oil varies by type.  Per my manual with GX200 engine AAA pump: For AAA pumps, refill using SIMPSON Premium Pump Crankcase Oil. If this oil is not available, an SAE 15W-40 oil may be used. For CAT Pumps refill using a non-detergent hydraulic oil (ISO 68)
how often do you change the oil in your pump....I know it all depends on who you use it .but just to protect the pump
HIGHLY INFORMATIVE VIDEO...WELL DONE SIR
Great
I have a briggs & Stratton pressure washer, lately the pump has seized up enough to stall the engine and won't rotate until it cools down and needs to be rotated with a wrench at the engine flywheel to unseize it. Don't know the history on this unit, found it in the trash. Any chance it can just be low on oil because it got very hot before it seized? During my test it didn't leak any water and the pressure was OK.
My pump calls for 15w-40. It doesn’t specify to use non-detergent. It’s model # EW4040. Which should I use?
Just what I needed.  Thank you
thanks for the  video. I just got my pressure washer. full sopport here
6:00 most of these engines give you 400 hours? The fuck you talking about
I'm doing mines before my job I got lined up
Very useful for me
Bought a Simpson 4,000 PSI 3.5 GPM machine.   Used it for an hour and it worked fine.    My problem?    I poured some of the engine oil into the pump.   We drained an equal amount once I realized I screwed up.    Will this harm the pump? Should I change the pump oil? What weight oil for the pump?   The manual for this thing is horrid.
What causes the engines to overheat when used for five minutes?
$kam
Awesome video.  Thank you!
Wait I'm confused. I thought the pump is for pump oil and the engine on the pressure washer was for engine oil? So you can use motor oil for both engine and pump?
thank you, guess I need put put some fresh old in the pump and the motor as well
Dude what’s you with your breathing. Sorry but you might want to get check out in regards to your cardiac system
excellent, thank you for your efforts in this product, quite helpful. Update with a few additional tips: - noted the crankcase is a total of 11 oz. emptied. After 15.5 hours of use, I opted to drain the oil with a 7/8 crescent wrench. Having the same model as in this video, the relocation of the drain plug was below the Water pump and a better design than in the front as some old oil may remain in the crank case. After accidentally over filling, I drained all of the new oil out. Low and behold there was still a black stream like residue in the newly drained oil. It would appear adding new oil then drain the new oil was a good happenstance as it dragged out more of the old residue.
Thank you
I was going to bitch about all the shaking but I like the video so much I will suffer, just p/up a free mi-t-m in good shape, I think all it's problem is the low oil senor,  great video!
Thanks for sharing your knowledge!
hello good video, take a doubt, what type of oil is used in the character of this machine
Big ups man. Awesome video. Super clear and easy instructions. Thanx a mil. 👍 👍 👍
Thanks for the info.
You only showed pump. Where is drain plug for engine ?
Rally nice video.with that being said.if you buy a pressure washer from a box store or even use check the pump oil levels not always up to level .I would recommend new oil even if you got it new at a store
the crappiest blend of lube is always the #1 go to.  what would be the best option in lube instead of non detergent SA/SB rated lubes. No wonder why the pressure washer wears out so fast.
Is it best to run it before to heat up the oils and ten drain them out?
Hey! Thanks for that video, I just got a vanguard 6.5 pressure washer to start my mobile detailing business. I just have a question. Do you need to ground the machine? If yes, how do you ground when you have it on a truck?
my cat pump oil looks milky ? i think water contamination ?
okay I give up. my water pump oil has no no sight glass. no dipstick. it just has a funnel looking thing on the top with a cap and a small breather hole.... so i fill that completely up with oil? i am peeved as hell and im not gonna take it anymore
Thank you
Manual for my craftsman only says to use their "pre-measured" I don't see any viewer to measure the amount to oil, so I tried adding what looks to be the "pre-measured" amount but it over flowed.... so now i have no idea how much to use. :/
Great video, thanks for posting!  NONE of that info is in the manual.  Maybe they just want your pressure washer to die and have you buy a new one instead!
I could not find any information on the manufacturer's web site but in 7 minutes of understandable explanation we are ready to go for another season. Thanks for the tips.
Very well explained 👍thank you!!
Nice Job Thanks.
change oils 100 hrs? I change mine  25-50 hrs ! & I use SMT2 at same time.
Just check my oil and it is milky, so it look like I have to buy the kit to restore the seals.
I'm a woman lol but I put the wrong kind of oil in the pump and it started to come out the lid of the pump when I started the engine and also I have very little pressure now? I have a Karcher  15755
I ordered a Comet AX pump to replace my old one for my pressure washer, and they gave me and extra cap like the one on your pump - yellow cap. I'm wondering why they ship the unit with one cap, and then they provide the extra yellow cap one. Do you know?
THX FOR YOUR VIDEO... AND AIR FILTER TOO...
GREAT VIDEO VERY EDUCATIONAL 👍👍👍
My oil was green ,from the pump . at first i thought it was water inn it but it would be grey right ? Anyway, i changed the oil and im going to try tomorrow .
Great video ! Thank you!
Refreshing to have a video to the point direct and minimal chit chat👍
What do i do if i pull my dip stick  to check the water pump oil and its milky white?
what will happen in case there is no more oil in water pump?
Thank you
Good tutorial but your are mis-informed about anti-foaming agents in detergent oils.  Virtually ALL SAE Service graded oils for modern cars have anti-foaming agents as one of their PRIMARY ingredients.  Detergent is in oil to help keep carbon and oil oxidation components suspended in the oil rather than stick to the inside of the engine.  Anti-foaming agents are in automotive oils because "foamy oil is a poor lubricant".   Any time you pull a dipstick on an engine and you see more than 2 bubbles in the oil on it, you need to change the oil soon.  Immediately if it is a VVT, overhead cam, or high performance engine.  Foamy oil in close tolerance Babbitt bearing surfaces (rods, mains, cam bearings) is a recipe for ruin.
Could I use synthetic gear oil in the pump?
its been a good ten years for mine, guess ill do all oils lol
I was told to use full synthetic oil 10w30  for water pump? Yay or nay?
Can I use normal engine oil at 10w30 or does it have to be pump oil?
Thank you for an excellent video
Please, Please learn how to take a video and then do this over. It's really bad.
The water pump oil that came out, I would have added to my tractor. Very clean. I wonder how long the pump lives with hot water vs cold water.
Getting water in my pump oil. How much would that cost me to fix?
Great video thanks
?? There's oil in the pump? ??. No wonder my pressure washer is broken. I been using Greece.
Is the line at the dot in the middle of the eye?
For the pump just use Non/Detergent SAE 30
Thumbs up! Thx
This man knows what’s he’s doing  Honda says change the engine oil every 25 hours
I drained the oil from the water pump. I used half a quart and the glass shows it's full. When I start the machine the oil drops way below the line. Do I need to add more then half a quart?
How mas day After oil change
HEEELLLPPPP PPLLLEEAASSEE!  Is there seperate oil chambers one for PUMP and one for the ENGINE or are they just one i  the same?
Bought a new pump got my Troy bolt power washer and it has no port for oil
Question.  Mine just stopped working So I pulled the water pump oil plug and it was milky. Has a little mixture of water. Any reason why?
It's been twenty five years. I guess it is time to change the oil in presser washer. Thanks for the info.
My Yamaha powerwasher service manual says to use automotive detergent oil 10w30 with a api certification of SE or higher grade.
Thanks you for help
Is it supposed show oil while is running water pump
How do you know what level to fill it up to when you don't have a sight glass?
Ciao, voglio l'indirizzo e il codice delle tue parrucche per informarti e trattare con te per favore
No
Is your van a detail setup?
Wow the oil coming out is cleaner than the oil I put in lol maybe I should change it?
Which motor oil can  be use for a Mi-t-m 3000psi  engine pressure washer?
After how many hours does the pump oil start to turn dark I have a brand-new pressure washer I just bought and only about six hours on it and the pump oil is turning dark, is that because it's a new engine? And could I had a lot of sediment in there.
how change  pump oil  dewalt  power Washer
can you overfill the water pump?
dewalt honda gx 390 13 hp...say when purchase change oil 10 hrs??...pump oil. 50 hrs ..
so on dewalt gx390 13 hp power washer ..pump oil...how do drain it
My machine has NO site glass. So then I would imagine about a half quart  or so in the pump will do it. (?) thx.
how many gym that pump is
Always change oil after use. Still warm.
thank you for sharing information👍👍👍👍...
Water pump oil looked pristine...
pamp remov and add
Thanks man.
Great video, thanks for the help! Godspeed
Thank you for useful information.
same question because I thought it would be as my genavac washer called for 40 w. I just put 40 straight in my pump and 10-40 in the case, but I 1/2 mixed the case with 10-30, so will this be ok.  the SM i believed said to use 40...
How do you remove the pump? I removed the 4 allen screws and no amount of prying force will get it off.
Just to help out. I believe that you need sl or sj rated oil and not sn sm.
Great instructional vid thanks . How much SAE 30 did the water pump hold ?
grate!  it's video  helpfull
Can the pressure washer use SAE 10-30 for the water pump oil?
what happens if a 40 oil is used instead?
Who can help me with a excellent steam cleaner
I did not know the pumps have oil as i just got 6 of them from a scrap yard , do all pumps have oil mine are much smaller then yours ?
Thanks for this video tutorial
Quick question...my gx200 is spitting oil out from lower part of water pump. Can I assume that pulling off the pump and replacing the seal would ultimately fix the problem. Please help.
Plastic oil sight glass. Good
Thank you so much it really helped me  Abdullah from Saudi Praying for you 😊
Is it ok to use 10W-30 synthetic motor oil or would you stick with regular old conventional 10W-30 oil for the Honda? I am getting a Honda GX390 with a CAT 66dx pump- 4,000 PSI 3.5 GPM. Thanks!
Thank you scotty Your Video are Very Educational and Helpful.Well explained
get the youngins to take apart the oil cover as well and understand the system in cycle so they get smarter too
Great information Scotty, I have a question though. I am working on a Landa pump. I have purchased the new seal kit, but with newer kits come more seals. Have you made a video on installing those?
Well explained man
Thanks for the informative video. Hope you disposed of that oil properly??? That drain pan looks a little sketchy.  LOL
I have a sight glass on the top that u can unscrew to add oil, while trying to change the oil in the pump I accidentally broke it, does anyone know where I can get a new one
Thanks for this buddy! I work at Autozone and a customer wanted pump oil and didnt know what kind. I used this video and learned something new as well as gave him that exact product.
GOOD.........
can you show us how to adjust the valves..don't know if you have to on the Honda but my Kohler sais you do.
helped me thanks.  Wondering what other small equipment r equipment u do maintenance on Sir.  Thanks LEO6523
Thank you for your instruction. It helped me greatly,
thank you!
My Honda uses a sightglass and a dipstick in the fill port  too. And he is right, a rebuild can cost $600 AND NOT MUCH LESS EVEN DOING IT YOURSELF.
sae 30 goes into engine crank-case,the detergent oil goes into your pump.
Change oil every 300 hrs on the pump and every season on the engine oil.
you didnt show how to change engine oil. how many hours  before the oil need to be changed on both pump and engine?
Kevin- glad these videos helped you out.
Manuel grew legs...first click on you tube found your link...your washer is identical to mine (go figure,never that lucky) thanks,very informative.
can i use the same oil for all types of water pumps??
Remove the 4 Allen bolts to remove the pump from the engine.
how do you drain all the water from the pump and hose ?
how did you remove engine from the washer?
where can I buy some replacements for this pump in los angeles ?
Thank you for your feedback!
Thank u Sir..........Good video
The sight glass should tell you when it's full. It's about 1/2 a quart of oil inside the water pump.
How much oil
Nice Job thx!!
Thank you very much for making this video and for making it as clear as you have. I changed the pump oil in my pressure washer today thanks to your advice and lesson.
Just drain the oil and water and fuel and keep it indoors all winter.
I just started my own pressure washing business this year. Videos like this one and the other one that you made about cleaning the carb and air filter really help me out and save me money.  I only have one question. I'm winterizing my pressure washer. Can I leave it in my garage or should I take it inside (gas is gone)? Also I bought a can of winterizer for my machine from Sears that I used. I saw that you can use RV anti-freez, what would you recommend?
Great video man!
Glad to help Billy
Thanks. This was informative. Detergent-free, got it. Need to do this pretty soon.
scott i getting the gx200 power washer what is the model number on the pump sir
Very very very helpful. Nice video. Thanks a lot.
The video is great but the color of the oil is not always a determining factor of it's condition.Good example is a diesel engine which turns it's oil dark soon after it is changed,but the oil is still good.I use Amsoil in every engine I own,7-2 stroke and 5-4 stroke engines and not one failure,synthetic is good stuff.
Great video~!   I have a similar pump except my ventcap,fillcap..is at the rear of the pump. its a Bertolini.  Problem is im getting milky oil venting out the cap,constantly. My question is,  where can the water be coming from? Which seals should i be replacing would you think?   Thank you  if you have the time to answer.    Cheers!
very good video thanks when i change the oil on my pressure washer pump yesterday ,by accident ,i did put detergent oil  SAE 30  and  i did start the machine  for 10 minutes , i did realize right after that  i was wrong . i paid one thousand dollars for this unit  So  did i make any damage to the pump  just for  a few minutes like that ? i should of know better ! i guess i probably  wash all the mechanism  of the pump !  why can't we do that ?  ANY DAMAGE  ?  thanks
Thanks for the video, I learned something new
synthetic oil is to thin for these engines. i no many people who blew the engine cuz of using synthetic
if storing for the winter you will allso want to winterize the pump if stored in a unheated garage I use rv antifreeze (the ceramic pistons are $35 a pop if you put them in) good video
