Minka aire supra
A blade is stuck in the wall
Wobbly ceiling fans RIP
I feel bad for her now :(
Yeah there’s no way a fan would do that to you. how would it break your leg? If anything it would give you a little bump or bruise. Oh wait she got up and walked away. 😅
For me while running no problem but after switched off the fan it wobbles for 2 to 3secs is it normal please tell me
That’s how that happened to my grandpa’s sister’sfan
idiots is not the fans problem is the MORON that installed it
My fan is at old house. It was so loose. My parents was scared to put high. But that is, nt dangerous cause didn't fell. Few days i slept at night. But i heard the voice of that fan. I turned on the phone light. I said,, WTH THE FAN Fell. Now there's not. Its power was high
Ceiling fan wobble is not a problem. how can it Hurt your?
Ceiling fan mishap 😡
Was there a blade on the
I work on celling fans I igone that that’s super normal so shut it
hope your head heals
oh wow i did not know such a thing would happen to people
Oh no! I like the Minka Aire supra, this is bad. Did the blade fly off or did you unscrew it for a example of a wobbly fan.
I had a Hampton Bay Hawkins Ceiling fan in my guest room and the blades kept getting loose, I was so scared to put it on high because I was worried to get injured by the blade but, thank god I ran it on low but now the fan is no longer there.
Yes
*Carries crutches*
How do you even use crutches with an arm sling...
Be careful ceiling fans can be harmful or dangerous these crazy people do not ceiling fans this properly you might want a electrician
kay. uno. man. sija.
Lol! Good one!
Leave a commet
Leave a commet
Don't leave a wobbley cilling fan it mite brake
i fink ssshhe hassss a lysssp
Hello Kat! The fan used in the video is a Minka Aire Supra ceiling fan. You can see it here http://www.delmarfans.com/minka-aire-ceiling-fans/supra/f568-bs-dw/ -Alexa
That is just so touching! So sad!
No Del Mar Fans & Lighting employees were harmed in the making of this PSA! :)
Are you ok
oh my gosh!
poor ceiling fan
