A Yankee Bakes Biscuits!
Way easier to use a box grater for the butter
One stick of butter means how many cups?
Cut into squares and no wasted dough and no second roll.
By the way TQ Chef i just got it fr ur video
Hi can you give me the recipe of the cream you prepared iwith tuna itlooks good  eat w the biscuit. Roughly will do if  it's not with measurement any onions like garluic to heat 1st.?
I'll be making some for my mom and daughter..
sedapnya...
You are the Prince of the kitchen, you are adorable!  Greetings from Norway,   Chef  and Prince!
all you need now is a dallop of grape jelly on the side!
Hi Sir, remove your ring, watch and pull up your shirt ..  nice recipe!
I always hear dont mess with the doughtoo much he kept folding so I'm not sure anymore he worked the dough alot
Beautiful 🤩🤩👍
Those look just like McDonald's! Great job man, and thanks. These are some of the best biscuits.
What is the oven temperature?
Also how many grams of fat should be used
Hi I'm from Bombay today I made buttermilk biscuits shown by another chef but it didn't come out in layers..however il try your method (somewhat like puff pastry) some chefs brush with egg or milk
We share the same last name
Damn it Jason I wish u weren't married lol
It sort of reminds me of the technique used when making multiple "layers" for croissants....I believe it's call the "booking" method???  I'm looking forward to making your recipe...they look DELICIOUS. Thanks for sharing, Chef Hill! *P.S. I have also learned that 100% soft winter wheat (such as White Lily Flour) makes a lighter fluffier biscuit! ;-D I keep my flour in the freezer (it's always COLD). I also use COLD shortening &  butter (which I grate into my flour with my metal box grater...the large hole side). ;-D
yummm
These are so good.👍 I love them.💟 💟 💟
What KIND of flour!? am mix of cake and all purpose?
1 stick of butter equals how many tablespoons, Chef?
So where is the gravy recipe lol.
I have always placed my biscuits in a pan closely together, no need to do this or can I still?
Chef you made the best biscuits ever looking very delicious ,I got to try them thanks for out put.
No share button
Just learned a quick trick with incorporating the butter. Freeze it and then, using a grater, grate it into the flour. Saves lots of time and the shreds are a perfect size.
Hi, looks delicious!  Can this recipe be doubled without compromise to the final product?  Thnx
im sorry. is it 15min or 50min for bake?
Best looking biscuit out there! And I looked at all of them.
Yummy! I love buttermilk!
I got to try this one. I am making homemade pizza as I'm watching this ~!~!
First time I've heard of folding. Thanks!
Aren't you working that dough to much? You will develop the gluten and you don't want that...
Can I do this in my food processor on pulse? I do my dough in it
Ehem!  "Deez biscuits...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!♫" :v
I had to try them a couple of times before I got them right.    They are very flaky and delicious!
These biscuits are perfect ! Gotta love Cooks Illustrated...a make a spread with King Syrup and butter...great on these biscuits.
Mannnmn all I want is some rabbit and buttermilk biscuits and then bust some nutz
Thanks for sharing.  :D
Hey, a man who can make and bake flaky buttermilk biscuits, is a rare gem...and he knows how to make sausage gravy to! I am really going to try this, I have to.I always wondered how they made all those flaky layers, now I know! Thanks friend! Good eats to you!
can I use regular milk instead of buttermilk???
So nice to see good production value in such videos: short, to the point, multiple camera angles, good editing and the entire recipe within the video. Please keep making them!
fabfabulous chef :)
Hi chef, I made these today for breakfast and they were fantastic! They certainly lived up to the hype (lol)! I got some great tips from Southern Living Magazine. The night before , I shredded the stick of butter on a box grater then mixed it with a little flour to keep it from lumping (my idea), then into the freezer. In the refrigerator I chilled the bowl and the flour over night ,  along with the blade of the food processor, the shortning, and the cup for the buttermilk .  Add everything into FP and just a few pulses  then back into the bowl! The rest was from your video. The cooking spray trick really works!  Ted
I love baking--and biscuits--but mine never come out too well, so I just stick with Bisquick. But I'd rather have homemade. I had a girlfriend show me 20 years ago how she made 'em--flour, lard, buttermilk, they came out high & flaky, but she didn't measure. And I never found out if she used self-rising flour or not. If your flour is self-rising, do you have to add the baking powder? The kind of flour used in this video was not mentioned. I'd really like to know, as I want to perfect my biscuits. I just love those things any time of day!
delicious and simple
It's great
How does buttermilk biscuit taste like? Ive never eat them :-( i have dome buttermilk in the refridgerator now
Jason, I love your cooking! I was curious if you'd be interested in featuring a gluten free spot every now and then? I'd love to see what you come up with!
Now THERE'S some flaky biscuits!  And I notice that, like the true pro you are, you didn't twirl your cutter as you used it.  :-)
we call them scones in australia
I love biscuits. We don't have those where I come from (Brazil btw) and I have tried numerous videos and recipes and let me say this, chef: I really really like your method! Thank you so  much for posting this traditional american food! I can't wait to tray them! I also enjoyed your daughter's cookies. That was awesome! You are great!
Now I understand the reason for the folding! I always did it but never really understood why the recipe said to.  Also a tip I learned is to never ever use a cup to cut biscuits. It creates a vacuum that seals the edges and doesn't allow the biscuits to rise and flake nicely. So if you don't have a cookie cutter, use a knife and just make squares.
YUM!!
Nice:-)
great recipe! thanks!
This looks incredible. I will have to def try this recipe.
OMG!!
Any substitute for shortening?
Biscuits are one of my favorite foods ever.
Looks awesome!
couldnt you use that leftover buttermilk on top instead?
The biscuits looked amazing!
