Its 2024 and i'm going to try this with my z flip 5 :)
16.10.2021
hmm
November 2023. I'm here to see the bald man make clear phones because he no longer makes them anymore.
bro I try but I broke the back bro now my father is waiting for me
Turns out my s6 has a plastic back not glass😂
how do you glue it when its invisible?
I NEED THIS
Does this work on s7 edge
My s6 did not peel off, and I had to scrape everything away
The back glass on mine were already broken but I was still able to do it
Can i use a haurdryer? And i dont have a suction cup
How to do for I phone 12
Its so risky 😂
This is how everything started. Now i understand your cases hahaha
And now there's teardown skins
I want to put the wrap back in the glass is is possible?
Can make same idea with my galaxy j4 core
I managed to split the glass from the laminate on Note 5, by heating and prying from between the glass and the laminate.
Mine has so many scratches im dissapointed lmao. Still gonna use it tho
Watching you use a knife at the beginning, I thought for sure you were going to the hospital. Scared the hell out of me cutting toward yourself.
For a second I thought my note 5 had a plastic back, it came off pretty fast and I did a scratch test to double check lol, things you learn on this channel
A series also work ?
Mine didn't come off nearly as easy, but once I was able to establish far enough in, it all came off in one piece. The bottom ⅓ of the sticker came of in fragments about ½" long by ¼" wide, and that included heating it and getting under it with a blade. There wasn't any middle ground either; it went from those tiny shards to one solid piece. Actually, the only reason I even did this at all was to remove the AT&T globe where the Samsung logo should have been. If it said T-Mobile or Samsung, I probably would have just left it alone. The back story is that I ended up getting every scrap of use out of my Note 5 before I bought a new phone. The screen was cracked, the rear glass was shattered and the battery was so badly bloated that I had to keep the phone in an OtterBox Defender case just to keep it together in one piece. The phone locked up and none of the buttons responded, nor did the sequence to boot it into recovery mode, so I pulled the SIM card, put it in an HTC Amaze 4G, ordered a Note 10+, waited for the battery to die so it would shut off, charged the battery, replaced the SIM card, stuffed it back into the OtterBox and used the phone for another five days while I waited for the new one to arrive. About a month went by, and it started bugging me that my newest backup device was made in 2011, and since there was nothing wrong with the majority of the Note 5, I ordered a new/used digitizer and midframe assembly for it. The guy threw in two OE batteries, the S-Pen and the rear glass cover. The only digitizer in good condition he had for T-Mobile was white, and his only white covers had either a globe or a check mark on them. Honestly, I'm surprised I let it go for over a week like that since I don't have AT&T. All this for a phone that in all likelihood will probably spend the majority of the rest of its life sitting in a drawer. Anyway, the first video of yours that I watched was the teardown to replace the battery, which was very helpful after I got past the part about removing the cover. Even though mine was already shattered, I watched it anyway, just so I would know how to remove it if the need arose again.
Hey Jerry, question. For this project, did you remove the wireless charging pad, or did you leave it?
Half way done and i fucked, the glass broke nope not for me
Will these work on plastic
I have glasstic samsung phone, lol
My mom thinks its stupid
i wish i could do that, i don't have the tools and i don't trust this morons with tools in my country calling their selves as "technicians"
found a phone like that in a recycling bin.The swollen  battery managed to unglue the back . I've never seen so much swelling of a battery!Still,the thing works,and for 20 bucks I'll get a working s6.
I follow jerry rig almost 2 years and half..  Youtube suggestion : 2017 : not yet 2018 : not yet 2019 : hey watch this
Help me, sir.  I want to make my backcase REALME 2 become transparent.
Thank you
What if you break clear back glass?
Use ductape to pull it of. Works like a charm.
Use alcohol! The metallic film will then just peel off by itself.
i broke my s6 edge plus screen into piece after removing this :(
Clear video from 2015 :D:D
I was here to look at his teardown as a reference for replacing the battery on my girlfriend's S6...looks like I've fallen down the rabbit hole again lol
was it possible to remove the glass except the color?
Now we want to do the front
You've got to try the front too so some of us can follow lol I did my as the same as yours I loved it infact some of my friends loved it
is this posible for asus zenfone max pro1???
So hard for me to get it off. It comes off in very tiny chunks
Have any for the s7?
Eh.. who would do it..?😐 It's weird💁
Yo Zack, can I do this on my Galaxy Note 5? It has a glass back
Dose the double sided tape make it water proof or will I have to buy special glue for that. Can anyone point me in the right detection for the replacement glue for the back and camera cover that will make it water proof. Thanks. I really want to do this as I have a gold one and hate the colour. The shop I got it from only had the G930A the USA version in black with snapdragon or the G930F UK version with Exynos in gold.  I did get the black one at first. I didn't couldn't tell the difference just by the look.   I had a play with it and knew something was wrong it was slower that it should have been.   The phone shop had tried to hide the fact it was the usa version they had some strange version of android that wouldn't let me update the software at all.   They somehow changed the specs to show the UK version specs but thanks to geek bench 4 it showed me the real specs.  I took it back to the shop and they knew they had been busted. First they wouldn't trad it for the UK version I paid £240 for just the phone and charger. It took me 6 months to save as I'm on disability benifits.  I then said OK I will just give trading standards a call for selling a phone with fake or manipulated software. So they happily changed it. Obviously it was pakies.  I have aspergers syndrome and I live my tech it's one of my obsessions. I always take every bit of tech I have to see what's inside and how it works it fascinating.   I always fix my own tech if I can. Before I had an S7 I had an s6 and broke the screen I have taken it to bits successfully but the hardest thing was getting a genuine screen for it it would of cost me £190 for a genuine Samsung screen so I just upgraded.   Again with the s7 it's hard finding quality genuine parts like replacement glue.
Can you do this with a s7?
Thanks a lot. But isn't the Water Resistance f*ed up after this? Or that double side sticky tape is right for water-resistancy?
*cuts towards himself*
My s7 backcover is plastic, and the paint is difficult tk remove. Tips anyone? I am half way though.
Does it work with galaxy a3 2016?
I don't have a heat gun, can I use something else?
I did this accidentally whilst removing the glass on an s6 edge. I was replacing it anyway but now I have a.nice souvenir
How many millimeters has the tape?
Looks dope
Sir how to solve problems of overheating in s6 edge
I have removed every thing as you did of s7 edge. But now it's not charging the phone 100%, stuck on 89% please help
Edge plus?
do u have a link for my backglass samsung galaxy s7 edge ?
Does it work for iPhone 4/4s
It doesn't even look like you attached the back to the phone as I can't see any tape marks
Well if you ever want a new cell phone put a pic of Donald trash on there and watch me through it to the ground . You'll thank me later cause then you can get a new smartphone 🤗🤣
For the s7?
Can you do this with iPhone 4/4s
Does this work with the a3/a5/a7 2016
Hey guys, im looking to do the same thing on my gs6, but not sure which screws/ parts to take off to get the cleanest look, willing to sacrifice wireless charging :)
does this work with s7?
Would using clear silicone adhesive around the back restore some form of water resistance?
I bought a back glass for my stuff but it doesn't have a plastic layer it's just paint :// someone help?
Omfg I tried this on my S6 and I ended up having to buy a completely new back. The paint only chipped off and didnt come off easy at all.
Anyone know how to do it with the s7 edge?
I just used a throwing knife
Can I do this with Samsung A5 2017? 🤔
Try soaking the back glass in Isopropal Alcohol for 1-2 hours before you remove the color. It will give a very small risk of breaking the glass. for me it all came off in one go. Took like 20 secs. You also dont need any tools for it.
I replaced my galaxy s6 battery just using a screwdriver. I just pryed everything off. Also the back glass was already removed and the screen was coming off.
why would i do that
Is it possible to print a customised design to the glass back? then glue back on
please make a video  to make the s7 edge clear from back. its a humble request
👍Thumbs up all around👍 Jerry. 🤥 priceless on that last ❌image❎. 1:38
Does this work in the new galaxy s8 and note 8?
the first clear phone
S7 !!!
Is it possible to use the samsung galaxy s6 back replacements in the samsung galaxy s7?
best method i did was put on gloves heated it up and with a pry tool and it peeled of and cleaned the glass
I thought the back of the phone came off
does doing this make the phone un-waterproof?
is it available for galaxy s8?
The S7 edge uses a different form of adhesive, like in the galaxy s8 video
HOW ABOUT LeECO. mobiles DURABILITY
I want to see clear back on samsung galaxy A7 2017. thanks..
I put a picture of apple underneath my clear back of S8 and the phone exploded right away. And they say S8 won't explode right away, going to move to the new upcoming iPhone 8.   Read more
Can you do this with a Galaxy S7?
you can do the same with the front of the phone as well.
lol not anyone's president
does this also work with the s7 edge?
Scratch Test, Spaz Test!
I wanna see this done with a Electroluminescence layer behind the glass.
Who came from clear Samsung s8.
YESSSSSSS!!! THANK YOU! Just followed on IG and FB. Thanks again.
On back Sony z series can make it clear back dude??please tell usthanks before
he did this year ago and no one noticed but now its trending.
Worked on Galaxy A5 2016
how can i do this on s7 edge
Oh so you did it in 2015 . Cool bro
seems like EverythingApplePro is using your idea xD
Dang! Nice Video! I like how you can see how to phone is working and all that good stuff.
Really good video! I love the insight you provide on every video and make us tech enthusiast really see what makes our tech work on a different level . Also awesome  camera work ! . Thanks and keep up the great work !
yaya now I have a clear phone thanks for this
Awesome, will it work the same way on my samsung galaxy a5 2016,
Your dedication to the creation of these videos is amazing, enjoying every minute.
I watched your s8 video now im watching this...Do I need the paint removal thing for my s7 or is it possible to get the color off like this
Would this work on a white s6 aswell?
Yay! I'll probably just buy another stock Note5 back and do this to rid of Verizons tramp stamp!
I know this is a bit weird, but can I install an S7 back glass cover on the back of the S6? Does it fit?
I actually love clear cases... what a pitty that you hardly see them anymore
but what if it breaks? i mean, i think that vinil stick the shatter glass togheter
I can't wait to do it on my iPho.... damn
That's awesome looking. I was a welder, fabricator and industrial mechanic for over 20 years so appreciate the look of the internals.
"favorite deity" YESSSS ZEUS
....its pretty clear what i just watched...
Just got this two year old video in my recommendations randomly
This is the coolest mod I've ever seen on a Galaxy S7.
I would do that
I would have liked the video but he put an × over Hilary Clinton
Aren't you peeling a metal sheet? What if it makes worse EMI emissions and it doesn't pass FCC anymore?
Does this work on the s8 tho?
By doing this .will it drain the water resistant capability?
why??????
This is super cool
I think without any cover, pictrue (or any else) it look better than original :) I want it!
I'm here for the satisfying sticker peeling
Oddly Satisfying
How to do it on galaxy a5 2016. Thanks bro 👍👍
nice
Are you a Trump supporter? (not trying to attach any negative connotations just curious)
please do durability test on lg x power
eeewhh its soo ugly and waste of money!
trump supporter? it's a deal breaker for me. bye
please tell me you didn't vote for Trump
Is this possible with iPhone 4? I don't wish to attempt it and break something.
that looks freaking cool
Such cool concept! Phone manufacturer should start making clear back phones.
what about S7 Flat?
id try this but I don't want to destroy my water resistance on my gs7
I'm definetly going to buy a used S6 Edge on ebay and do this :)
last
does this work on iphone 4
the imei number on the back glass after doing is removed with the flim
i dont subscribe to trump supporters
i did this mod, i dropped my phone on the back at school, and it shattered and all the glass fell out so be careful  my s6 edge is backless now xd
does this get rid of your waterproofing?
DOES ANYONE HAVE LINKS TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE DONE THIS SUCCESSFULLY
is imei number is on glass or on the golden flim u taken out
GREAT NEWS I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE WITH T-MOBILE AND IT WONT VOID THE WARRANTY!!!! I WILL MOST DEFINETLY DO THIS
I wanna do this but I don't want to void the warranty -___-
Will this work for a Galaxy s7?
Can we do the same thing (peel off flim) for the front?
can u do the same for the front make it clear??
It's a fucking phones channel , but fill it with this political shit
so you actually support trump over hillary ?
what about s7 s7 edge and note 7
jerry is there any way how to fix the bubbles of the front screen of the note 5? usually it occurs in the top left of the screen.. this is a common issue of the note 5
is that also working with a galaxy a3 2016? because im not founding videos like this with a a3 2016
Surprise MAGA
it's a bad decisions lol
Will the waterproofing remain on the s 7?
A LOT BETTER is to get b 7000 glue for 3$ to 5$ for 30ml Its water resistant and perfect fit and can be use to repair screens on water resistant phones becouse its silicone glue Its working like atheasiv? (i dont know how to write it correctly)
trump supporter. unsubscribed
Will this impair the waterproofing on the S7?
Lol, I love the blaco saphire colour of minr
Can't you just use a heat gun or hair dryer and remove the sticker/film in a couple seconds ?
I've always asked the same question, is it possible to, for example, open a s7 edge and put it's camera into an lg and create phones from parts of other phones?
can you use some clear glue? instead of the double sided sticky tape
We get it you hate woman's rights and gays
could this work on the front side as well? would love to pull this off on a S7
in the begin he sounds a bit like GLaDOS
ewww!
jerry can you do a durability test on galaxy a5 2017??
237 people who disliked are libtards
Clear version as This > Stock version as a Stick tape of a Rear Panel.
but is that phone is as durable as company packed phone?
Put this in my pocket for when I upgrade from my s5 haha
noooooo maaaaan really? Trump.... Ahhhh... have to unsub now man, but i fucking love your content.... FUCK ME.. -.-
umm.. why not just put a ditto #DeBrand or something similar Skin ditto to the Internal? it's way more affordable than to breaking a Whole Damn MilkyWay?
this is almost impossible to do, you make it look so easy. my s7 edge back is shattered lol, luckily they're only 10 bucks on the internet
Girlfriend:check.      Hilary:  ❌
this work with A series 2016??
Why you should do that to your phoneeeeeeee?!
I don't know if this is a stupid question or not but does this keep the phone water resistant?
As long as your 1 year warranty is up, feel free to use the phone for ANYTHING and rig ANY PARTS as u still have to buy a new phone, but be safe during your warranty period
I broke my galaxy s7 while doing this. Will YouTube reimburse me?
That looks so cool. Reminds me of Gameboy Color.
do you suppurt trump
will it void my phones warranty?
I would have done this for sure if I had a galaxy S7
damn right I'm subscribing to this guy
awsooome
Would this work for the Moto Z Play at all? It has a glass back, but has plastic underneath that. Could I take the plastic off?
To all of you saying you will lose your water proofing. Yes, you will if you use tape to put the back on again. BUT, if you buy actual adhesive glue rated for water proofing, you CAN retain your water proofing AS LONG AS it is applied properly, which can be tricky. It is possible considering they come this way and you can buy the same adhesive glue they use in the factory. You can even buy better stuff then they use.
This is just what I've been looking for! My god, its like a sports car with a glass cover on top of its engine! Is it possible for an xperia z5 premium? Cuz I would like to experiment on it. Hoping you try one, thaaanks!
Trump supporter       Smsh
The Hillary reference lmao
now that's cool
Nice look.
nice mod. do more of this please ~
I just wanted to clear things for some people.  1. This voids any warranty on your phone 2. You'll lose any water resistance once you remove the stock adhesive (if it had any) 3. No you cannot light up the logo like on an iPhone 5/5s since you replace the metal Apple logo within the phone for a plastic one that lets light through. 4. If you have to ask if they make a clear glass back for your phone they probably don't. 5. If you ask why they don't here's your answer: Only well reputable/known phones get custom parts like this ( search iphone color housing on google). 6. No they do not make a front clear glass panel, there'd be no point since all you'd see is glue/plastic 7. No they do not make glass backs for your One Plus X, Sony Xperia, etc. You can google it but I doubt you'll find anything 8. Don't ask Jerry if they make a clear glass panel for your phone, he doesn't care. 9. Search Google if your phone has clear glass/housings 10. Search Google ya lazy bums, don't depend on people to look for the answer because you're lazy.
I am so glad you dislike Killary as well. You're my favorite YouTuber!
STOP USING UR KNIFE TOWARDS YOU!!!
what about the note 7? i'm not sure of the heat gun temperature
Awesome.. Looks better now 😁
I have done this same to my Sony Xperia Z3  several mount ago,  And gotta say it looks really cool specially on sony because you can see all sircuit board!
fyi tempered glass scratches easier than aneal glass
now how to do that to the front
Lol. 1:39
So sweet!
Don't do this! This layer is working like a thermal paste! Do you want to overheat your smartphohe? And loose water resistance as a bonus? LOL * dislike this video
Why would you want to do that?
What about S7 edge?  Can i have a clear back on the s7edge?  Thanks
yay!! now i can see if my note 7 will explode!!
1:37  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
that was cool
good luck re-applying adhesive without it looking a mess (if you going for transparent look). Double sided tape just ain't gonna hold properly
doesn't look a cool as an open case computer.
what.....KILL ME
so now you can see when your battery is catching fire. It should be standard in the next Galaxy Note :D
This way you see exactly how the phone blows up !! 10/10 would recommend to a friend !!
what's the point ?
If note 7 had this we would have seen the explosion coming
Recommended in DEC 2016??
What was the doubled sided sticky tape good for? And how to make the glass stick when putting it back? is that what it's used for? Thanks
would this work with s7 edge?
great  when you crack it it will come off in shards from damaged phone
This looks so cool
Would be fun to do this as a prank to someone else's phone, and then slap a picture of a dick or something underneath! xD
Do you have one for Samsung Galaxy S6 edge +?
Awesome 😍
But why...?
might want to ok clue that this will effect the water resistance given the change in adhesive...
Can I do that for the OnePlus X? It also has a glass back
neat
and then say farewell to your waterproof galaxy phones for ever!
do me a favor
my s7edge is broken from front
hey can u do s7 edge  front glass  replacement
PLZ FUCK ME wtf u racist islamophobe
having a clean case was so easy on my nokia 3610. hehehe
cool...
work on s7 edge?
so, not to hate I know hilary is not a good person and all but by just showing hilary its implying that trump is a good person which he is not as a Latino I do not agree with him. Your content is great but we have different opinions and I will no longer be a subscriber.
Made me laugh so hard i love you omggg
anywhere know where i can get a transparent back for an s5?
what about the water proofing
can this be done on the note 7 ?
Can this work on s7 edge?
cool
Can you do this to the note 7?? If so pleas make a video
Does anyone know if there are replacement backs for the GS7 that are NOT made of glass? I'd love a wooden or hard plastic back.
but there will be no more water resistance on the s7  and s7 edge am i right ?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅😅😅
do you know of you can do this on the s7?
this video shows that he's a proud supporter of Donald Trump
Actually i broke my glass so theres any fixes let me know.
What about glass
nice. i was just thinking about this recently ( is google now reading minds? ). at least those glass backs are good for something, except if it shatters, it won't have that film to hold it together.
why will I wanna remove it tho
how about s7? is it ok?
what r tho  ribbon strips on back of the housing
could you then engrave it with a laser cutter or hand engraver?
this is nice. but thing is, I'm clumsy.sigh
hello and nice work Jerry , how can i find a transparent back cover (not case) for LG G4 to appear like in this video , kinda , coz i liked very much this idea of transparent back case , thank you
can this be done in the front aswell?
works on s7 edge???
how does the double side ed tape work I'm thinking of doing it
Just did this on my S6. It looks awesome.. :D
Seriously!! but why would anyone want to do this to a beautiful phone that it doesn't cost cheap juat get a custom case
I think you should start using protective gloves...
awesome vid cheers. do you think this could be done with the front glass too?
down with Hillary!
damn the note looks better than ever. all i need is to get one xD good tutorial 👌
put some LED'S inside..
does anyone know if this can be done on the S7 without ruining the water resistance?
hi how do you reattach the back cover again ?
Great video! My buddy has a very good multilevel heat gun that would work great for this.  I think I'd like to try to tint mine a unique color. Maybe sneak a few tiny leds in there or something. IDK, just spit-balling.
Are the glass backs in the description link actual OEM glass backs or are they third party?
I'm doing this for a friend and I want to ask what temperature do I need to melt the adhesive will a hair dryer do the trick and when I'm re installing does the back just clip back in?
Oh.  I thought it was actual gold glass. That's so dissapointing for a phone that costs literally hundreds of dollars
What's up, guys. Sweet! seed wistful What's your opinion about this, guys 11
The question I have is: How to put it back.
I saw this on reddit, did you posted the pic there?
Not much to see under there. Oh, and if we are doing this to iPhone, we need transparent aluminum.
can u apply the galaxy s6 emerald green back to the normal s6 ? (if possible the front too ) :)
Learn to use the knife away from your hands. Poor placement and a slip can cause a cut
Great video. Can you make a video on how to replace a screen on htc m9?   Thanks
the Hillary graphic was priceless
me pregunto porque alguien desearía darle en la madre a su teléfono celular que para empezar lo que vende es diseño a parte de lo obvio en tecnología. En serio cada loco que podemos encontrar en you tube.
hhhhhhhhaaaaa crazy man
link for note 5 replacement back please.I accidently broke the curve glass when trying to remove the color thing than can see through.
Dope 🔥
can u test moto x pure edition and test the durability test
Great Job Bro :) Looking very geek :)I invite You to watch my channel also
Excellent!!!
I'm guessing that film is there for a reason more than cosmetics.. Such as preventing the glass from shattering into a million shards in every direction. Does look cool though. Need to find a clear carbon fiber or bullet proof custom back.
Nice video... love your channel man... Can you please give one to me... i need it.... I don't have any...! GOD bless you man....!
Hey Jerry, Recently I got my iPhone 6 screen changed due to it being completely shattered. What happened is is the camera and light sensor aren't properly aligned and so they don't work. Any ideas on how I can fix this?
I did this on a glass only s3 repair for a guy looked slick. Then my boss who also owned a print shop made a replacement color layer with a fairly fancy graphic for a note 2.
There is one for the iPhone too.. Could you review it too? :)
Hello Jerry, do you have a chart for iphone 5/5c/5s? I do not know if someone already asked for it. You usually post these things on your oficial website when you have it? Thanks
how does it look with the tape once you reapply the cover? is the tape an eyesore? does it hold well? great tutorial.
Great job and greetings from Bulgaria! By the way, can you do the same thing with a Xperia Z series back glass?
Can this be done on the display?
will this work for the front to?😅
Nifty!
Different video, but thanks for helping me repair my nexus 7 :D
Do you really need tape? /u/skarface08's picture does not seem to have it and from his comments he says he, "just stuck it back on the phone because there was already aghesive on the actual device." If you do need tape can I see a picture of the back with it?
That's so savage. Hillary Clinton 😂
muy interesante... quedaría bien con fibra de carbono
Awesome video Jerry. I need a back for my Note 5, got any leads? Thanks.
"or your favorite presidential candidate X x, XX." That part alone made me tear up a little. What made you think to peel it off. Very cool by the way.
can you fix my s6 edge plus front cracked glass
Leon says that if you run for president, he will vote for you.
This is something i would love to show off at work!
Thats awesome!!!  i am curious if that would void a warranty on the phone.. otherwise my husband is going to wake up to a surprise on his phone LOL
Can you do this on thwe front too?<-)
Awesome humor and idea.
Thats sick!
What was the tape for ???
Pretty Cool
thanks again for the shout out man!
carbon fiber skin under that clear back would be sick
nice tutorial! cheers from Argentina
