Huw is just a baby!🥰  Planting this year 2025 and your video was recommended. It’s a keeper!
Thanks for the info
I planted some this year , and either voles or rabbits keep digging up the bulb and eating them .
Ooohhh.....you were so young!! I will grow Jerusalem artichoke this year. Thank you for the informative video.
I've never had to replant them, I harvest and then the next year they regrow from the hairline roots leftover in the ground. Triple the soil and the harvests will grow a lot.
Sir, How long to grow up artichokes, from begining until harvest?  How to get the tubers of them I want to plants in indonesia Thank you for your respond 🙏
Thanks for the info. I'd like to ask you since sunchoke has a few eyes if I divide them and plant, each one of the eyes will generate a new plant? I ask that because I want to propagate them very quick because here in Brazil it's too difficult to find them.
Hi Huw!  Thanks for the great info. Are you harvesting in Spring?  The date of this video is Springtime.
Excellent! Thank you!
Thank you for your video! I love Sunchokes. This year I planted them in a bed with potatoes. I normally keep adding straw or soil into the area where I've planted potatoes as they grow. With this harm the Jerusalem artichokes? Or do you think they'll just grow through unharmed? Thank you!
Thank you! I always do miss some tubers, and potatoes no matter how hard I try.
How do u choose which tubers from last season to plant?
Enjoying the videos. Just came across your channel & working my way through the videos. Its helpful info but also fun to see how Huw has grown over the years :D
Sir Help me to get Sunchoke tubers...... My email ID is.... krphiyer62@gmail.com
I live in northern Minnesota. Can I plant the tubers this fall and harvest next fall?
I live in Denver Colorado and no one ever talks about how long they take to mature, type of soil, amount of water needed, and so on. I don't have a long growing season, may/june to september/october. My soil is mostly clay and hard to amend, it takes a lot of work. To make it easier I amend soil from the top adding compost and leaf litter and cover wtih a wood mulch. Summers are hot and dry. Would you send me your recommendations. thx
Hello, can l transplant Jerusalem artichokes in November uk. TIA.
Did  You said Red crown bushes?
Thanks for the video. I’m planting for the first time this year. Can you tell me when I should expect to see them shooting and what the young shoots look like? It’s now mid May and I’ve seen nothing yet. Many thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Was a great video, but what does a sunchoke plant look like?
Thank you! Great job!
Just out of curiosity, what dialect is that?
how do they taste like? similar to potatoes, rutabaga, or sweet potato?
Excellent video.  I can't wait to grow mine that are coming..
thanks for your informative video!
Hello i live in Washington State, when would i plant and harvest here? Thank you, enjoyed your video. Sincerely Rick.
thanks dude, just got some to plant ! I`m going to be putting them in large containers, as I grew them once before and it was hard to get rid of them !!
Hi Huw, I tried to get some of these tubers but nobody here in the UK has any to sell as it`s a bit late in the season. Do you know anywhere where I can get some. I know it`s late to plant but I`d really love to get them soon so I can plant them and at least I might get something from them this year or just plant them so that they can grow in the spring. If you know anywhere here in the UK I can get them then that would be great.
I've just planted some :)
The Sun Choke is a plant that I keep thinking about planting but just haven't ever gotten around to it. That was a great demonstration on how to plant them. Thanks for all your hard work in this gardening community :)
I have been tying to get some here in Switzerland but no luck so far. Looking forward to an update.
A good crop of Artichokes.  Like strawberries they can spread  a lot I found.Thanks for the valuable information
They look great Huw. I`ve never grown them before but have been watching Patrick grow and show his. What do they taste like?
Excellent demonstration.
Good enjoyable vid mate - mine are still in flower so I'll be waiting awhile yet before harvest. Cheers :)
do sun chokes taste anything like jicama? just courious.
will be neat to compare the leaves of the two types later on thanks for sharing.
Well done, Huw! I'm looking forward to our sunchokes emerging this spring. They're a lot of fun to grow.
thanks for the info.  I live where the summers are over 110 degrees F, so I think I would need to plant these in the Fall.  About how long does it take for them to mature?
What an excellent perennial vegetable you should have in your garden! I hope if you haven't grown them yet, or with little success this will inspire and motivate you to give them a go, they're easy!
Hopefully you get the super tall ones like Patrick !
