I never had much success making bread until this recipe! Super easy and I have made it several times successfully each time!
Love this recipe
poor video - she seemed in a big hurry - the recipe on line ( which you have to download a special Chrome add-on just to print) says 3-4 cups - you would usually start with the 3 and add the 4th to the dough as it  starts to come together - she just dumps it in... no one tells us if it was "fast acting"  yeast because she seemed to activate it with water which would mean it's NOT fast acting ..
Is this similar to an Italian long loaf bread?
made these baguettes to enjoy with homemade roasted tomato soup ... easy peasy and delicious
I cannot open the website😢
She didn't say how much of everything 😢😢
It the salt just regular table salt?
Laura can you tell me what bread baking tray you're using. I want to get one that can bake 3 loaves at once. Thank you.
If you pour cold water into your cast iron skillet, after it is at temp, you run the chance it will cause it to crack. Not recommend to do. Hot water, yes
Hi Laura. Gotta question for you?  I started making bread during the pandemic. Mostly simple breads. I also developed the habit of mixing the salt with the flour first, then adding my wet ingredients to mix all together. I always get excellent results. Watching other videos I see people adding the salt into their wet ingredients. I always thought salt in direct contact with the yeast would retard or kill it outright. What is your opinion on this?
Was Unable to find recipe. Very disappointed that I had to go on a search through the web.
I did not mic in a stand mixer, I hand kneaded, but I must say, my dough was not as sticky nor as loose as yours. I used the exact ingredients, 1 1/2 C of water with yeast and sugar, 3 1/2 C of flower, not 4C and still did not have sticky dough. The loaves came out alright, but just wondering if anyone else had similar results. Could the hand kneading cause this. I kneaded for 15 minutes.
I love your videos and recipe, I made your garlic knots and they was amazing and delicious, I’m definitely making this bread today
I don’t have the kitchen aide whisker for how long I need too massage that dough?
Baking on the highest rack at 475 F caused my first baguettes to catch a little after only 10 minutes, so I lowered the pan to a middle rack.  Hope the bread is not too dark after another 20 minutes ... I'm still waiting for the timer to go off. *UPDATE*  Internal temp was 210F at 15 mins, and the loaves were burned on top and whitish on bottom.  Far too hot, and upper rack recommendation doesn't work for me at that temperature. *UPDATE 2*. Nope, this recipe does not work for me.  Two attempts, not crispy at all, and too salty.  Have to find a new recipe
Is there a replacement for a cast iron skillet?
i started using the fresh yeast from natural grocers they keep it in the fridge  with the nuts ,  it's amazing and i am not going back to the shelf yeast anymore   I hope this helps others
I don’t see full recepy guys where is it ?
Where are the amounts of each ingredient?
Would be nice to hear measurements.  Not gonna waste my time watching.
I'm currently in the process of making this . Fingers 🤞  crossed
Barney & Friends
caillou
I wish I could like your videos twice!
it looks terrific,  but it will help me if you put the quantity of flour , water and yeast  thanks!!
Can someone translate this recipe in the grams and milliliters thank you in advance !!!
Laura! I made these today and am very happy about the way they turned out. The crust crackled when lightly squeezed and the inside was soft and chewy. Thank you so very much.
Laura, I'm making these for the first time. I even have the loaf pan. My mother in law made her bread this way. Wish me good luck. Thanks 😊
QUESTION:  Do i need this blender for recipe to work?  Anyone know??  Thx.  😊
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING IT SIMPLE!
The crust looks great on the top but the bottom doesn’t seem as crusty. Is there a way to improve the bottom crust?
I tried this and it was amazing. Thanks
Love the skillet trick
Thanks Laura, I ordered 11 lbs of Italian double 0 flour! Going to make these soon!😀
can you also let as know the measurement? please!
What temperature is the oven in Fahrenheit?
Doesn’t the water ruin your cast iron skillet?  I was under the impression water would make your cast iron skillet rust
I’m using instant yeast so does the water still need to be warm.  Also, if I use regular yeast what temperature should the water be at?  Thanks
Thanks for this ... really wish camera angle could have been adjusted to show much more clearly how the bread was rolled.
Has anyone substituted instant yeast in this recipe?
That was perfection, I will make this tomorrow
Hi were I can find the recipe?
I have tried the recipe twice and my dough is not even close to being wet like on your video!! I am not sure what I do wrong.  The baguettes came out good the last time but it was more dry!!!
How abt.bread flour? CanInes that?    TY,,Laura!
I took careful notes from Laura's video to learn her touch with the dough, and her direction with the ingredients. I bought my baguette pan weeks ago and have been searching for a recipe that works with my ability to focus for a limited time :-) . I am so excited to finally fill my new pan with these beauties, and stand by the oven and just watch the magic. I am a beginner @ making bread. Thanks Laura.
I made this tonight and followed the recipe exactly, but the dough wasn't sticky and I also have the dough separating when trying to roll it out. Can someone tell me what I did wrong?
What about bread flour?
Tried it yesterday and it was incredible.  It came out perfectly at 30 mins. At 475 F . But maybe I should lower the rack from the very highest position to a position just above the middle rack because the top was getting darker much faster than the bottom.  I had to flip the baguette over to finish baking it so the bottom will brown also at the 20 min. mark of the total  30 mins. Of baking time. It was easy to handle and shape the dough too. I wished she used metric measurements, because it would be foul proof for everyone. But I sort of fluffed up the 00 flour then put the flour into my measuring cup and leveled off with a butter knife the flour.  The dough was not too wet or sticky. Just perfect. I used only 3 1/2 cups of 00 flour. I have been baking bread and tried so many recipes during Covid, but this is the best baguette I have ever made . I think the trick was using the Italian 00 flour . Most breads I have made have been using bread or all purpose.  The 00 flour made all the difference. Spend the time looking for it . It's usually $3 mor or less for 2 pounds in the Shoprite supermarket or Italian Supermarket near me. I have tried many bagel recipes but will only use hers from now on. Her marble pound cake is my go to pound cake also. Her recipes are easy to follow and do not take all day to make,  but most of all come out successfully for me and I do not waste precious ingredients that may be hard to find during Covid.
Can i use instant yeast?
Didnt find your ricepes on your webpage
Can I use bread flour as that is what I have on hand.  TY & I love watching your videos!
I subscribed how do I get the recipe?
She’s adorable!
I’m sorry I did not spell that right I made this recipe but the dog came together it’s not very wet or turkey is that a problem
Hi I love all your videos I’m doing this recipe but my don’t came together and pulled away from the sides it’s not really wet is that OK
Can you use a baking sheet if you don't have a cast iron?
Always a good video
You are such a hoot to watch.
Music to my heart! Bella, Bella, Bella! (you and the bread) from one Italiano to the other, salute and magnificent!
I made it today it was amazing thank you
Excuse me .... can I get the full recipe ... thank you
I’m trying again.
I'm in high altitude,  I followed this & adjusted yeast & increased temperature for baking.  This came out delicious!
i like to proof my bread by putting the dough bowel in a sink with water @approx 105deg. F.. It cools, but not that fast. Usually good for an hour of prime temp!!
Must it be a cast iron skillet? Can I use a ceramic baking dish instead?
SUPER!!! delicious crispy French baguette easy and simple to prepare
Who much flour and how much water
i would like to make this recipe but i don't have a dough hook, baguette pan, or a cast iron skillet. can you recommend some alternatives for me to use?
How much of the ingredients is used.?
Ah..i rewatched and my questions answered!
30 min at that temp turned my bread into carbon.
Maybe i missed it but was there water in a pan in the oven? No slashes?
Keep the yeast in the freezer.   Lasts for years.
Hi Laura - I don’t have a cast iron pan what else could I use?
Where do you get the measurement for the ingredients? Just provide it please.
Just made these and they are AWESOME!!!! Thank you.
How Much Yeast, Where Are The ingredients we need to know how much flour how much water how much salt how much yeast
The recipe said 31/2 flour and 11/2 cups of water, but turns out the dough a bit hard not come out like the one in the video, in the video it shown 2 cups of water???
my baguette didn't turn out as golden :(
Where can i find ingredients list?
No measurements ???
Your video is fantastic.
How bout providing quantities for the mix?  How much flour , water etc ???
Can you freeze the dough ?
there is no measurements on any ingredients
Not overnight? Then it’s just a long bread. It’s not baguette.
Hi Laura, I watched your recipe for baguettes on YouTube and your ingredients on video do not match up to the recipe. As soon as I added the yeast and 1 and a half cups of warm water I realized that dough was very hard and not as smooth as in the video. I went back to the YouTube and noticed you had a 4 cup filled to 2 cups of yeast/water. So recipe on line is off by 1/2 cup!!  Please correct. Looking forward to these baguettes. Thank so much for your enthusiasm as your recipes! 👍 Anna
Pre heat oven with iron skillet for 1 hr?
Laura,  Thank you for this recipe! I know it’s an old video, but new to me. Just made this bread and it came out awesome! You’re the best!
Can you make this without a mixer? I don't have a mixer can you make a video for those who don't have a mixer please?
This recipe didn't work for me AT ALL.  I make bread all the time, and it seemed that the recipe called for too much flour to water...I usually use 1 1/2 cups water for 3 cups of flour to get the sticky dough she had.  Her recipe calls for 3 1/2-4 cups...It might have needed more steam as well because it was too brown on top.  I usually use my dutch oven to make baguettes but wasn't able to because of the shape. I will look for another recipe.
Made this for the first time..turned out great but as I’m not a baker a bit confused.. bread cooked for 15 min instead of 30. I have a strong oven so no issues there. But I didn’t get the crunch. I was soft .. where did I go wrong?
9:17 don't do that again. You nearly made me take a bite out of my phone.
CAN I GET THE RECIPE PLEASE.
The recipe is unavailable
High 2020 and isolating with all. Tried the recipe and I must say, putting the oven rack at the very top and setting to bake at 475 puts the loaves about 2 inches from the top element. They start burning in five minutes?  Do you have a different kind of stove? Please advise.
Gonna try these today. Does anyone know if u can freeze them ?
I love it
Thnx Laura the best baguttes I ate
I love how people show these wonderful recipes but dont give the quantities!!!!
Can I use Bread Flour instead?
I can wait to try this
Hi Laura,  I tried this and turned out very good.  The 2nd time I made this the baguettes turned kind of green in a couple of hours. What it could be.?🤷🏻‍♀️
I need these in my life.  I'd have to make mine alot smaller as my over isn't as big as Laura's. But I need to try these out. I love bread doughs.  What is double 0 flour in UK. I always use bread flour when making bread.
why do you make it so hard to get your recipes I've tried for 30 min. can't get to measurements for baguettes! help---78 yr old want to be baker of my own baguettes.
What brand of Italian 00 flour do you use?
OMG she tall so muchhhh JUST MAKE THE BREADDDDD!!!!
Do I have to use a mixer?
Can I use high protein flour or bread flour?
Amma konuştunuz be
О кей
Uhmm yummy crunchy and soft inside.thanks for sharing your fresh baggete Laura👨‍🍳👌
I have those bread trays, now I have the recipe! Thank you! Love your channel.
On the initial mixing my dough is way less wet looking than yours. More like a sticky bread dough. Any help appreciated.
You didn’t provide the measurements for ingredients
you are soooo beautiful
Thank you 😊
Just made this recipe and it worked perfectly.....I live in Calgary Ab Canada so I had to adjust the yeast and water for our high altitude but it worked amazing!! Thanks for being so clear with your instruction!
9:09 Mr. Krabs?
What a beautiful baguette! ! BLAZE green MEDICINE YA'LL! ! ♧÷♧
Great bread, thank you very much.  You have beautiful eyes.
saranno anche buone ma il tuo impasto fa un po' schifo
I made this recipe a week ago as an experiment and it turned out perfectly.  Today I have baguettes in the oven as I type this, to bring to a potluck at my horse barn this evening. I'm sure they'll disappear!  My house smells so nice right now.....
I just made them, they are amazing
Can you please please make a sourdough recipe video
unprofessional.
Butter
Mine weren't as pretty as yours, but, oh my, did they taste good. Thanks for showing us how.
Where is the actual recipe?
Thanks for sharing, Laura.
Ordered a baguette pan Friday evening and  received it Saturday at noon,  one step closer to making baguettes.  Can't wait.
Amazing Laura..... BTW..... I'm not coming over either......lol
Sorry, untidy job
https://youtu.be/YZbRpFOiOLs?t=562 It's wet-heavy and visibly sticky inside, needs 5 minutes more in the oven and then 10 min rest outside uncovered
Laura you're the best! this recipe is a keeper, made it with all purpose flour and it came out perfect. Just so you know Baguette is so expensive here in asia. I love you Laura!
Nasally much?  Nice bread outcome though.
Pourquoi nous n’avons pas les quantités???
I just made this today then came out the same way 😋😋😋😋 so good
Can I use like a Pyrex dish at the bottom for the water instead of a cast iron skillet? I don’t have one lol.
thanks Laura I must try this,  is the cast iron skillet necessary can you not use maybe another baking pan and just put water in it? 😍👏👏
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE YOUR OWN FOOD NETWORK SHOW YET? I've made several of your recipes (favorite being your taco meat, thank you SO much) and I failed at my first attempt at french baguettes. I used the Food Wishes recipe with the sing-song guy. This looks so much easier and with a cast iron, I'm definitely trying this tomorrow to pair with my fettuccine alfredo. Love your recipes and it's so refreshing to see someone who knows what they're talking about have such great results. Overall, thank you! My food game has doubled with your help
I just made this and sticky was an understatement lol. This is an amazing baguette recipe! definitely a keeper and I can see why you make this all of the time.
I have made your recipe for this bread many times! My favorite! Love it and easy
After the initial mixing of the dough i.e. the flour, salt and then the warm water, sugar, yeast proofed mixture the dough came out stiffer than I think it was supposed to i.e. a stiff, sticky fall. would there be any tips at this point to make it less stiff? A bit too much yeast perhaps? using Bread flour should I use something else?
If you don't have a mixer how long should I knead it for.
Baguette Bread on a Philly cheese steak sandwich is good
That’s unbelievably easy!!! Would u pls share another garlic & butter baguette recipe? PLEASE!!! Thank u Laura!
I made this exactly like Laura said including the Caputo "00" flour I had purchased on line for my pizza dough.  Well, with one exception.  After the first rise, I punched it down and did a second rise for an hour before shaping the loaves.  Also, minor things include not scoring the loaves until after the loaves proofed for an hour and I sprayed a mist of water on the loaves before putting them into the oven.  The bread turned out excellent.  A new family favorite.
Please say amt. Of each ingredients as you use it....please
I just made this today (on a baking sheet with parchment paper and AP flour) and as a novice baker I just want to say I am extremely grateful for Laura and her videos. The baguette was exactly as she described. Crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. I made a baguette!! I didn't believe it when I saw it come out of the oven. Thank you Laura! I have been watching your videos for a while. This is by far my favorite cooking subscription on YouTube! Thank you so much for making cooking and baking so accessible for everyone, including me!
Look delicious, will definitely try that recipe. How about a recipe for Italian loaf of bread? thanks
I can't find the recipe pls help.
Laura  sei  bravissima
I downloaded the recipe and did it in my stand mixer only to realize that the printed recipe is wrong, you need to proof your yeast in 2 cups of water, not one. Watch the video again and look a the amount of water she has in the measuring cup. I ended up adding a little more water to the original recipe but the dough was still not sticky enough like hers.  I will try again tomorrow with the right measurements...
Can I use Unbleached Bread Flour for the baguettes? My mouth waters to make your recipe for baguettes, but I use unbleached flour since it is more healthy. BTW, love your recipes and the way you explained them.
Wow! Seemed easy, looked good and sounded great. I’m going to try it right now. BTW, your lively and natural presence on YouTube made this fastest 10+ minute I’ve watched.
I put smoked cheese on top pf mine then I bake it, soooo good!!
You must work @ subway
Thanks for sharing your bread recipe. I’m going to try to make it, using unsweetened apple sauce to bloom the yeast. ( allergic to sugar)
ok, I couldn't wait so I made some, wow oh my, they turned out amazing, now they have to cool so I can have some.
You are too funny! “Let’s be honest, it wont fit in my microwave, that’s the real story.” 😂😂 I just laughed out loud.
I love your reaction when you taste test your creations. We need  smell a vision.
Your recipes is as good as u r.
You don't have a steaming function on your oven? IWorks perfectly every time.
Laura,it was great,thank you very much for this Bread.
The recipe says 1/2 tsp of yeast and she's using way more than 1/2 tsp
Why don't you have your own show on the cooking channel !
Looks absolutely awesome 👏 I’m going to make this for sure
the bread looks very good,,too bad I'm not a mind reader, otherwise i could of figured out the measurements of all the ingredients......
Her dumbass "slits" totally disappeared after cooked. LOL!
I don't have a skillet iron pan ....can I use my regular cake dish or heavy ceramic baking dish
Can I do it without standing mixer? Just by hand for like 20 minutes? I do it this way when I make a bread and it turns out perfectly, so I was wondering if I can do it the same with this recipe.
Can you freeze the doug after the second rising?
A couple of  questions about the bread How long is the bread good for after you cook it ? And can you freeze the dough ?
How long does dough set?
There are no ingredient amounts
Too much talking, shut up, give proportions other than that nice recepie.
i have made this 3x this month....ooh a great easy recipe...love her. !
My bad ciabatta.
Hi!  How much Flour! To Make Bread! its not in your recipe?!
It’s like chabotta
I love cooking with you my stuff always comes out well
I use a baguette mold, but I put parchment paper in it. Never needs to be washed!
Making these tomorrow 😍😍
I already made three times that baguette, it's amazing! Thank you Laura, for sharing.
YES!!! I WILL make these...and her recipes NEVER FAIL...ever. Can we just focus for a sec on her FACE!? HOW AWESOME does her makeup look in this video? OMG...GORGEOUS!
I am sure she is much loved and an inspiration...lovely girl.
James 4: 2 You desire but do not have, so you kill.  You covet but you can not get what you want, so you quarrel and fight.  You do not have because you do not ask God.
Can you use this to make garlic bread
I watched this video and thr croissant.. then i fall to you laura
This is like you want to spend the whole life in the Kitchen... Stop buying baguette ,,, Swear...
Hi Laura,  Can you show me how you make Semolina Italian Bread?
I just made this recipe with you! It turned out so amazing! Thank you!!!
SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY BAGUETT!
Can I use bread flour for this recipe?
bla bla bla bla more working only bla bla bla
I made this recipe but instead I shappe it into a big bread bowl and put a creamy potato soup inside of it. It was amazing and everybody was impressed. Thank you!
Just pulled from the oven! Waiting to cool and can’t wait to try! My entire house smells of fresh baked bread! Fun recipe!😊
When I make this recipe, the bread comes out nicely, but it doesn't have that crunch! I feel like my dough is not sticky or wet enough. I start with the 3.5 cups of flour that you recommend and I do not add any... Should I start with less? My dough comes together like any other yeasted dough. Thanks!!
where is the measurements?
great recipe, i didn't have the correct pan, but i made them rustic on a tray, made another 1 in a regular saucepan in the oven, perfecta, tomato n marscapone pasta n this to mop up the juices NOM
I tried this recipe and it turned out to be amazing!!! I am new at baking and this was so easy to follow! I feel fancy :B
Came out a bit salty when i made it, i think i'll use like 1.5 tsp of salt next time
Can I use bread flour
Perfect recipe. Delicious  bread. My family said it was the best! I highly recomend it.
When it comes to legit Italian recipes. I always look for +Laura in the Kitchen. Thanks, Laura because of you. I am a better cook, baker. I appreciate you. Angel from The Bay
Hi Laura,  Made it last night and it was delicious. The only issue I had was that the bread was stuck to the parchment paper. Do you know what can I do to solve this issue??  Thank you!
Oh my! I feel so ecstatic right now, just baked it now and it is perfect! Your recipe is the simplest i've seen and it is PERFECT. ❤
How many grams of flour is one cup? Why don’t you put your measurements in oz or gr 😭
Laura, can you do a brioche bread recipe?
Won't it crack or warp the (cast iron) pan by pouring cold water into it???
Where u learned this recipe?
I have done this baguettes it came out amazing. THANKS! Any changes in the recipe if I would like to do it out of whole wheat? Love your videos! :)
Wow,, I can't wait to try this recipe
By far the best bread I've ever made! Thank you Laura
This recipe is great i had never made bread before but i always bake and cook. If a 13 year old can do it anyone can do it!!
Yaay me too, how much we have in common!
Can you use bread flour and is it better than allpurpose
what can you use to pour the water into if you don't have a cast iron skillet
nice one mate
My 14 year old daughter made this and it turned out delish!!!!  When Emily wants to make something she goes to Laura Vitale! Your the best Laura!!!
What if you have a steam bake function in your oven, would that be okay?
Is bread flour better to use then all purpose flour for this recipe
Bla bla bla talk to much
+Laura in the Kitchen if you don't have a cast iron skillet could you use a deep round cake pan?
What is the ratio between the flour and yeast ? Plz I need to know this thank u
when i made this, my dough was not as sticky, but I went with it anyways, I just did not add as much flour at the end. I also used a tinfoil dish at the bottom of my oven and added boiling water instead. I cooked my bread just above the middle rack of the oven and only for 20-25 minutes max. I also slashed my loaf after the rise of the loaf. this saved my cast iron and delivers a non burnt bread.
can i ask some question? why are u always wearing simple dress i mean no print its soo good but its  different
i <3 only being able to watch videos of food i love but can't eat
Please help! I tried to make this today and it was a complete fail :( Not sure what happened. I used bread flour, followed the exact measurements, made sure my yeast wasn't expired and let it proof with sugar in 115 degree water until it bubbled and had a strong odor. I mixed the dough 6 minutes and briefly kneaded it by hand since I don't have a standing mixer then covered it and let it proof for 2 hours in my microwave. It didn't rise one bit.... Where did I go wrong??? Please help!
came out perfect!!! thank you!! God bless
no way to get quantities of the ingredients
She is a little bit dramatic but adorable
Laura, I did invest in the same 3-loaf baguette pan (with the mesh holes on the bottom) as you used in this video and now, after some repeated use of the pan and with some probable erosion of the nonstick coating on/around the holes, my baguettes 'sag' during rising and flow down through the holes a little bit and, after baking, then 'lock' the underside of the loaves to the pan where the dough flowed down into at least some of the holes. So the loaves can get stuck to the pan. After some manipulation and prying with a dinner knife—being careful to not scratch the nonstick surface of the pan—I can usually pry a stuck loaf free, but then some of it usually tears off the bottom of the loaf and stays stuck to the pan, which makes the underside of the loaf look anywhere from a tiny bit to severely 'shredded.' I don't mind that shredded appearance for myself, but sometimes I like to give away a homemade baguette, etc.  I've tried sprinkling lots of flour on the pan before the loaves rise in it, but the dough is usually still moist enough that by the time the rising is done the flour layer underneath has all gotten absorbed by the dough, and so the dough protrudes down through some of the holes again, and then the loaves still stick. I've also tried waiting until the bread is cool before trying to separate it from the pan, but the loaves are still just as stuck as when I tried to remove them when the bread was still warm. I've also tried applying some oil to the underside of the cooled pan where there's dough baked into the holes but that just swells the dough there and the 'lock' between bread and pan gets even tighter. (LOL!)  I haven't tried 'digging out' the bread-filled pan holes (post-baking) from the underside with a cake tester or similar implement yet, to try to free a stuck loaf, but that's next on my list of things-to-try. Do you have any suggestions for preventing 'pan lock' when I use the baguette pan?
The best all perfect bread and demonstration ever!!!
*Screeching in French*
LA BAGUETTE
I'd love to hear a baby update! Hoping everyone is happy and healthy :D
Great recipe and method.  It Works.  Very happy with this one!
I made this today. I used a metal pan instead of a cast iron pan for the water and I wonder if that was the reason mine didn't end up looking like hers. Everything was looking just like hers until I put it in the oven. It came out crunchy but very dry. Crust was very crumbly and the color was dull. Not as appetizing looking as hers. It tasted fine and it was fluffy and moist inside. Just didn't look nearly the same. I will try it again in a few days.
can you use the baguette pans for other bread recipes to make like sub sandwich bread?
so i made your bread this weekend and it came out great except a little burnt on the top. more water in the skillet? less time? less heat or less time?
Thank you Laura your the best :-)
The worst take on a baguette I've ever seen.
you talk to much..
How can I do this without a mixer
Can we put the baguette mould into the microwave oven? Is it safe? Tq
Thanks Laura!
I used exactly same ingredients and measurements. My dough came out hard and dry. What did I do wrong?
How much of each yeast, flour, water ect?
You are SO funny and cute! I love love love watching you cook! My dough is rising now, I'll let you know how it turns out. :)
how much degree celsius please
I made this recipe for the 1st time this morning. It was the smoothest, easiest dough to work with. I make bread every week but have never made baguettes before. Easy, easy, easy recipe!  I was worried about baking them for 30 minutes in such a hot oven but they came out golden brown and chewy. Very successful recipe! Thanks Laura!  :)
Hi laura, may i know whats the proper way of storing this baguette after baking.?
dear god! she used more flour in this video than I use in a year!
I admire you Laura all your recipes are authentic .Thank you !
i see what i did wrong. ive been using too much flour and too little water.
Can I freeze them?I really don't have enough time in the morning to do it.
Laura, I noticed that you did your little kneading on your kitchen countertop...do you prepare ( clean ) it before you apply the flour?
this looks so good
I just made it. It is sooo good! It made me very happy, thanks!
My dried yeast activated with the lukewarm water and sugar but the dough didn't rise much. What else could be the reason?
Please pour boiling water into the cast iron skillet. It will still give you steam but will be comparatively less destructive to the skillet.  Hot Iron + Cold water = Bad Idea
Laura..need to include the recepe....good delivery though
Can I make this with whole wheat flower??
"You're just gotta kneed this for two minutes" -> proceeds to kneed it for less than 30 seconds. Some people just have the lousiest perception of time.
Laura  Do you have any connections where you could get the recipe for portuguese bread? . It's made with lard and is insanely good.
Do u have to have east ?
where do I find the measurements for this recipe? Thanks
I am 11 years old and I want to be a chef and this recipe is... AMAZING I make this every week for my fam. Nice job Laura!
for once in yo video pls stop using mixer...
yummmm
Hey Laura, do you use antico molino caputo flour?
just another way to get fat. nice work Laura.
My bread burned at the top at 15 minutes. I suspect the 475 degree oven setting. I have used your recipe for no knead bread, which calls for a 425 degree setting.and it came out great. Your thoughts Laura?
Is this the best bread for bruschetta
wow your so nice   I loved that video
I don't have s cast iron. Can I use a baking dish?
Hi Laura,  I have one of those baguette pans , the are good in keeping the bread shape , but after the baking the loaves of my bread stick to these pans though it is supposed to be non-stick, I spread some flour before placing the shaped bread but still it sticks, I do not know what to do to prevent this sticking ,I hpe you can help with your advice .Thank you.
also if your bread isn't rising, wherever you let your dough rise isn't warm enough. I usually turn my oven on the lowest setting for 5 min, turn it off then put the dough in.
Just made these delicious 😄
I want to know what baking mode to b used in the OtG oven when making breads ??😩
i love ur teaching, if possible i can have the weight in detail !!!
Can i also use bread flour?
is this still crunchy for the next morning?
This looks really easy and good. I just could not find the recipe in your site. Could you please kindly provide a direct link? Thanks.
I made Baguette yesterday, Thank you Madam!
i like it how you simplify recipies! 👍👍👍
The recipe for baguette is not on your website.  We are unable to locate the measurements.
Hi Laura can I freeze half of the dough and use it later to bake the bread?
where can i get the whole list of ingredients (uncluding measurements)?
Do you have to use the cast iron skillet
Laura, thank you so much for this recipe! This was so easy! I made this today, and it smells and tastes incredible.
Wow!! Trying your HONEY OAT BREAD  right now 😊
t'amo
It is so crispy
Thank you Laura for making it look so easy.
can i use bread flour instead
You are amazing !!!
Just gave it a shot and it came out really good,  used the parchment paper, no baguette rack yet.  The bottoms came out a bit too toasty, dark brown...  Also, only did two instead of three.  Oh yeah, three cups of bread to one cup of all purpose flour...  First time still figuring things out.  You made it look easy and I have no complaints.  Will work with it 'til I get it right. Thanks!
I love your recipes because they always turn out perfectly! Thanks so much !
great I follow all your recipe 👍👍👍
Marry me x
Hey laura! Can I use whey (that I got from straining yogurt) to replace the water in making any kind of bread?  Also - is instant yeast just as good as dry active yeast?
So....Chef John posts a link to his website for the exact amounts, but when you click the link...you get to the recipe, not the general website.  On yours, we get to your website, which I find cumbersome to navigate.  Just a thought....Love your vids and love your energy otherwise.
can these be frozen to eat at a later time?
can i use a fresh yeast and how much is in fresh if its possible please ?
jesus christ she is beautiful.
So beautiful lady thank you
Hello Laura, can I use whole wheat flour using this recipe?
I just baste it with egg wash without water, and I get a golden crust without the water.
I made mine with no sugar.  I put the dough on top of the dryer to proof.  The heat, got the yeast working double time.
Made this today, amazing, simply amazing! My kids had bread and butter for supper! lol! :) Thanks Laura!
Made this earlier and it came out soooo good! Thanks laura for the wonderful recipe! 😘😍 my family really loves it! 🍞🍞
You score *before* the final rise?  Really?
silly question...........what if you don't have a cast iron skillet? Can a regular fry pan work instead?
hi, how much ml is a cup?my dough was not that sticky.thanks for the recipe.best regards from germany
You must have one of the luckiest husbands in the world
what's your measurements??? all I said was water flour yeast... no amounts wtf.
👍🏻
Formular für Baguette
Made these yesterday for dinner first successful baguette ever and I've tried many Hubby loved them and he from bread country Tunisia they eat baguettes with everything he wants them again today they were a little crunchy will cook a little less this time thanks so much
Hi laura! my father passed away six months ago, and during the time he was alive he would ask me to bake these babies every single day and he finishes them all the time, no fail, he loves them so much he could eat it for a month. I think u can even see my comment here from a year ago. I just want to thank u for this recipe, im so happy i was able to make my dad happy thru simple baking. More power to u and God bless!
11/13 never baguette
I used instant yeast and added It to the dry ingredients but the dough is not rising! It's been 45 mins and it did not rise at all
Laura, I think you should learn a bit more about fermentation and bread.  I know of no artisan baker that makes baguettes in such a short period of time.  Most require about 24 hours in order to ensure proper fermentation of the dough.  This usually begins with a poolish or a levain. Secondly, shaping is extremely important in all bread making, especially the baguette with its tapered ends and fatter middle.  In addition to this, seam side is always down when baking.  Lastly, slash your bread right before going into the oven  This will help create the bread "ear" and beautiful split that you are looking for. As with your baguettes, there is no color variation on the top due to slashing them too early.    I will applaud you for your encouragement of keeping the dough wet for this recipe.  Also, I'm glad you introduced the very important concept of steam when baking bread.
I made them yesterday and the smell and taste was just fantastic! I want to bake them again, but double the recipe, now I wonder if I have to put 2 cups of water into the pan in the ofen or do it with 1 cup? I'd really appreciate your help!
That was perfect, thank you
OO flower is ground thinner and in some cases 3 times the price BUT the bread is perfect at serving
My baguette came out looking like Mr. Hanky.  I think either the time or the temp must need some adjusting.
My bread was burnt at their bottom :(
I watch all the baking videos but I NEVER have tried them lol..
Thank you!! This recipe is my go to baguette recipe! I just substitute half of the all purpose or bread flour for brown flour.
OMg I'm hungry lol Imagine the taste so yummy😱☺☺
hi Laura can i use whole wheat flour instead of refined flour for this recipe please let me know i m off white flour and oil so cant eat regular bread
yummy, cant wait to try this out, thanks for sharing .
When I say this was the quickest easiest French bread recipe I've ever done I really mean it! My whole family woke up in the middle of the night to try it fresh out of the oven. They loved it!!! I wish I could find a white bread recipe because I'd never buy pre baked bread again!
Can I make this with instant yeast? I don't have any active dry yeast...
I really love this recipe!!! I have been making my own breads since i was a young child but I have been doing it alot more lately because of the food costs here in Canada. A loaf of bread now a days is running us up to about $5.00 a loaf!!! I have been making this baguette for the last 2 weeks and my family just loves it. Thank you!! And it makes great sandwiches. :0)
looks so easy to make in your method.. it seems using a mixer do the hard work?
I really love how simple this recipe is and I have actually tried making this twice now. But unfortunately, since I have a super tiny oven (I'm talking one rack only) I can't fit a pan with water under the tray and so it turns out completely different from this! I'm speaking from experience, if anyone wants to bake this you NEED that pan of water! Or else the bread will just be tough and chewy on the outside (The inside comes out perfect though!)
it was simly fantabulous
my dough is a bit stiff but why =/
Yes you can do this by hand.
Laura you are erfect for me! Im from Puerto Rico always watch your videos, don't give excuse every body have they own way to work in the kitchen, they have to choice. Or they like your page and videos or they can go to other page. I like you way is mazing! You videos are very cool and are not bored. You are the best! I learn a lot from you!! Good luck!
I love watching your videos!!!  Do you ever make ciabatta bread?  Could you do a video of that?
Looks amazing!
I had no idea you were on recipe rehab
I made these today and they were absolutely AMAZING!!!!!! You seriously never fail to impress with your recipes and they are always so so so tasty and simple! :)
Love your recepies,clearly explained and easy. Thanks alot .
what if you put shredded cheese in the dough?
Where did you get those awesome glass jars in the background on your counter? Also, I'm going to try this delicious recipe. Thanks!
Lovely Recipe! Turns out perfect every single time I make it! Amazing! :) Could not find a better recipe anywhere on Youtube!
I made these today, and they came out DELICIOUS! my oven only took 5 minutes to preheat so I turned it down to 400. My dough was not at all sticky but the baguettes came out perfect!
Can you do this by hand with a stand mixer
Honey baby, you rrrrrreeeeeaaaaallly need to lose some weight.
Could this receipt be adapted somehow (I don't have a mixer)?
i prefer your recipes:)
Made this and your Cinnamon rolls and OMG so good! My family and friends love it! Always extras left over so we put it in the fridge and when we want it we just mic it up for a few seconds! The bread is great for sandwiches too! Thanks so much!! 😊
Mine were hard and too crispy outside :-( will try it again.
Do you know what I hate about you? You eat the food in front of over 1k people😡
Laura do you think I can use  this recipe into a bread bowl??
I Love the way u explain. its very easy nd it works too. thanks
I made this sooooooooo good!!!!!!!
My favorite baguete..uhm..promise i want to learn how to make this recipe
hey laura, the dough came out really dry with the recipe i found on the website.  is it 3 and 1/2 cup of flour and 1 and 1/2 cup of water? I am assuming that the US and UK cup measurement are the same. Thanks.
Great video - does the oven stay on 475 during the entire baking process? All 30 minutes?
How do you store these? They go stale the next day.
Stop it lol I'm drooling over here I can almost smell this bread
Laura just wanted to ask you , Which brand spatulas do you use in this video. I am looking for purchasing something good with heat resistant and would love to hear from you.Your favourite spatulas, and also pls share the cast iron where did you get them.
Hi Laura, Ihave tried other baguette recipes , they came out  "ok" , crispy but not bronish , the color was very light , I will try your recipe , as the baguetts you make , look perfect. My oven has no fan ,can I use some egg wash with a little milk on my baguetts ,or this can damage the whole dough ,I just want them to look brown ,can you help please ? . Thank you.
Love you L! but baguettes need a pre-shaping proving time, and also, a shaping proving time before baking. You didn't do either and didn't create a tight seam. Not sure why you call it a baguette or if you know that, but these are techniques that are crucial to call a baguette a baguette. Also, you never slash a baguette dough till it is ready to be baked.
This actually worked! Although 30 mins seemed to be too long in my oven. Nice one.
I have made this recipe about four times now and love it. The only issue I'm getting is that some parts of the top of the baguette burn leaving a slight bitter taste. It only takes about 20 minutes in my oven to cook to a nice crunchy crust but there's always parts that burn and other parts are perfect. Any advice?
looks good
Just made these! They turned out perfect.
Just made these today, was waiting for my baguette pan to arrive... EXCELLENT!!!
I made this recipe and its wonderful the way the bread came out  very easy to make . thanks luis velez
What brand is the standing mixer? Anyone?
Hi! i made it like it was written in the recipe but it was just burnt after 20 minutes in the oven! it didnt matter that it was at the top it was burnt on top of the bread. What can i do to succed? Laura in the Kitchen
eny thing that can handel the oven heat will doo YOU DONT NEED A CAST IORN SKILLET pirx  glass is even better
for better tasting bagets mix everyting togetter but leav half the flaower out for atlest 3 houers and then mix every ting togetther whit a bitt mor yeast and lat them ris then dived them lovly bagets that way
I'm making these baguette, the dough is rising, I used 31/2 cups flour, the dough was a bit hard, I added 1/4 cup warm water and mix it for 5mns it looks soft now. We'll see the next step. Thank you Laura.
watching Laura always makes my baguette rise perfectly.
I thinks it's funny how in every video she says Hii guys, this is Laura Vitale  Not trying too be rude but it sounds a little nerdy lol makes me smile usually in my thee videos I fast forward the intro, but not in her videos just so I hear her say that part lol
непробовала это делать молча
please help My baguette stick in the baguette tray 😫 what should I do?
Why so much make-up?
I would recommend stirring the yeast after adding to the water, it will activate much better.
Hi Laura! I made this yesterday and it was awesome....I love the texture of the bread and it was crisp too on the outer cover. However, when I put the warm one directly in a box and closed it, the crust became softer. My bro liked the softer crust and I like it crunchy. It was a win - win recipe!
Can I use white whole wheat flour for this recipe?
Thank you Laura for your simple amazing recipe, it is one of the best I been watching, I have made the bread and turned out beautiful, it is not as good as yours but good enough to be eaten on the spot, thanks again for sharing your experience with others, you're wonderful.
can't get to your website to print recipe
I made them last week, without the bread pan they were great. Made them this week with the pan they were even better. Thank you Laura. Also make your ratatouille and eggplant parmigiana on a pretty regular basis.
Hi Laura!! This looks AMAZINgggggggg! Do you think I could sub for bread flour?
Can someone please answer my question?
She always posts the recipes on her website go look there everybody!
Oh my gosh! those look awesome. I'm gonna make them and munch on down!
Where can I get the recipe
Can I use a baking pan instead of a cast iron skillet? Please reply ASAP, thanks!
Can you use something other than a cast iron skillet?
Help! I don't have a cast iron skillet! What do I do!?!
F"ck your recipe  2 tsp salt is too much...  salty bread xP
Looks delicious and easy to do ... can't wait to try this.  I have no idea how you stay so clean when working with flour.  When I make any kind of dough (even pancakes) I always wind up looking like King Arthur attacked me :)  Happy holidays Bella!
I love your videos and with any of your bread recipes instead of using the dry yeast can I use fresh yeast
This is my new go to recipe for baguette.. Thanks Laura
cool
As a french who has moved in the uk, this might save my life.
French bread recipe please!!
These baguettes looks soo yummy. Can't wait to try them out. But I have a question :)  If I want to use fresh yeast instead, how much should I use?
This is the most accessible cooking I've experienced ever, thanks Laura.
You are so adorable and were born to teach cooking! I love your videos as they break down the steps in ways it is easy to understand. Checking out your website now!!!
tried this out and it worked!!! i'm a beginner in baking too :D thanks for sharing!!!
Omg i just finished baking this beautiful bread wahhh so happy it came out perfect my dad loves it hes now eating his second baguette aha thank u laura! Im thinking of making them again tomorrow i hope its not beginners luck lol thanks again for sharing this recipe!
Im now doing this recipe hope it goes out well wahh
Can i use hand whisk?
I really like this recipe......I tried this baguette recipe today and it turn out so good, thanks  for sharing the recipe.
Hi laura! Can the dough be kept in the fridge? Because i can only eat one and the rest maybe for later days  Would the bread come out different?
I will try this; looks and sounds good!! Where did you say I can get the ingredient measurements??
Dooooon't put cold water in your cast iron! It could crack D: omg
Following your recipe, the dough does not become sticky at all. It definitely needs more than 3 and 1/2 cup.
What do you do if you don't have a stand mixer? ._.
awesome! didn't think you made bread with 4 ingredients...its like the new thing now! This is great! Thank you!
This women can not teach anything.....Sad
Going to try this recipe. These ads are going to be annoying tho....
watch the video and if your dough isn't sticky enough....just add water!!!
easy and delicious, thanks Laura!!
I tried this recipe for the first time, and Laura, you are absolutely right. It's a fast and simple recipe, but it turned out perfect as you promised. Crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside. (y) (y) (y)
😊☺️😉😄😃😀
It was dilicious
O never minde
Everytime i try her recipe, all came out perfect . Thanks Laura xx
Tryed this end it s dicusting
I have leftover biga i think ill use to make these baguettes
1-1/2 Cups of water does not make the dough sticky!!
So can i use a food proceser
I don't have a standing mixer
Always turns out pretty well but I've never made it a full 30 minutes at 475 before the outside starts to get too brown. Anyone else have these results? Any suggestions?
Laura!! Can you show us how to make Ciabatta bread????
I'm making these! They're rising right now
For the first time ever I managed to produce an acceptable baguette thanks to your recipe. Next time I'm going to divide the amount of dough in two instead of three. The baguettes are a little bit too small for a baguette.
so do just guess all the measurement then?could have been a nice recipe.
I printed off the recipe from the website and used the video as a visual aid. Following the recipe exactly did not result in the sticky dough in the stand mixer like it shows in the video. It was significantly tighter. Thoughts anyone?
9:10-9:25 just listen xD
I just wondered,is there a difference in the type of yeast you use?I'm a bit nervous about using active dry yeast.Afraid it's not going to work.Can I use the kind of yeast you don't have to proof instead?
do they get hard the next day?  or is it for same day only
PLS DEAR WHAT POWEDER DID U ADD TO YOUR WARM WATER?
I've been told you should overlap to slices.
I'm very impressed.  This was nicely done.
it's so easy. im going to do my task pastry.. tankyou for your helping me.. cake flour can use it ?
Wat is yeast
how much do i need for each ingredients
yea so Im gonna go in my lab and whip this up, u made it look so easy!!! It will pair perfectly with the baked potato soup im doing for dinner tonight...Also your eyeliner is rockin!!!
i just found your channel! i love it! :) can't stop watching.
My God! Cacia and Sarcone got nothing on you! They looked awesome. All  you need is some capacolla, genoa and provolone. Great video.
Laura I making these baguette as I'm writing this.  I used 00 Flour and followed the recipe to the "t".  My dough didn't come out as sticky as yours.  Is still rising so we will see how it comes out.
Hi Laura, I live in Asia and try to visit your blog for recipe but it said that your site is offline and it couldn't load. Do you know what the problem maybe?
If it doesn't fit in my microwave, I like to put it in my oven OFF obviously with the light on. Just a suggestion. Great video,VERY simple easy method. Thanks!
I just finished making this recipe. Absolutely loved it. Thanks Laura and keep it up.
Laura Laura Laura!  PERFECT!!! I just took the first 3 out of the oven and we couldnt help ourselves. OH MY PERFECT!  Second round is in now. Made it exactly as specified. So crunchy and light and PERFECT! Please take a freaking BOW!
This is the best video! Next time anyone asks me how to make French Bread/Baguette..I will show them this video! You rock..
Nooo, please don't eat that baguette!! You're making me super hungry. Looks absolutely delicious!! :P
Hi Laura I love your show and your great !!! I had a question I do not own a Cast Iron Pan yet can I use a baking metal dish to make the same effect ?
I made this today and they came out amazing. Thank you Laura for your amazing recipes.
Totally delicious, just made it. The only thing Laura is wrong about is you do need the form. I don't own one so my baguettes turned out not round, but flat, since the dough just won't keep the round shape on its own. Doesn't affect the taste though. This was my second attempt, the first one was a fail, the yeast didn't activate so the bread was delicious but hard as a brick. This time they are so crispy on the outside and fluffy inside I totally prepared to eat them all on my own.
I was really afraid of making this bread so I put it off for some time, my bread is baking right now. Wanna see my family's face when they wake up to freshly baked bread! :D Thanks Laura in the Kitchen :D
Thank you Laura my Baguettes are looking good.
Being so wrong on so many levels in doing the baguettes, you have managed extremely fine. But one thing I'd ask from you... please start adding metric measurements to your recipes, do think of us, people outside US. Thanks in advance!
I can only make two baguettes because my mixture isn't as big even though I'm using the same amount of ingredients?
I absolutely LOVE your channel. Thanks you so much for all these wonderful recipes !
That looks so good I'm crying...
oh my... just made your baguette and wow! Easy rec, crunchy skin mmmm :) I made 3 and half but it was too little, they are so tasty! Thanks Laura :)
If I make the recipe which makes 3 baguettes, can I freeze them for later? Would I do this after I have cooked them or when it is uncooked dough?
Is one normal packet of yeast equivalent to 1 1/2 tsp someone. Pls help
can you put the direct link to the baguette? please---- actually nevermind I'll put it in here http://www.laurainthekitchen.com/recipes/homemade-baguette-/
Could you add stuff like sprouted grains, if so how much?
My baguette's are coming out like rocks on the outside. I'm doing something wrong and not as large as on the video, just can't figure it out. Any help?
can you do a flavored baguette?? with pancetta or olives?? :)
Hi Laura,the recipe is perfect and was delicious. However there is an error in the instructions on your website Joe may want to fix.
Thank you love it .. So easy !  Can i use this dough for burger bread ?
Has anyone out there have the problem that I had, my dough was not as soft and sticky as Laura's,  I used 3 1/2 cups "oo" flour to 1 1/2 cups water,  nothing like Laura's video, so I tried again using 31/2 cups flour to 1 cup 7 oz of water, then it looked jut like Laura's, its rising at the moment.  I would love some in put  ,if I am doing something wrong.
can I heat the water in the microwave? and without a thermometer how will i know what the right temp is
Laura you are my inspiration. Thank you so much for sharing your simple and amazing cooking with us.
Fantastica!
Did you guys use 1 and half cup of water? Mine is so hard, not sticky at all with only 1 and half cup of water and 3 and half cups of flour...help me please!  :(
If you don't have an electric mixer thing, do you have to knead it after mixing the dough?
Laura I used Five Roses all purpose flour but mine didn't come out like yours, I live in Canada so I don't know if the all purpose flour in the states is different than ours but I followed your recipe exactly and went over the video to double check.  What kind of method do  you use for your flour do you sift it first or scoop and level as it didn't say on the recipe or in the video.  I scooped and leveled mine.  My dough isn't as sticky as yours appears to be. It's firmer more like regular bread.   And I only used the 3 1/2  cups of flour.  Thank You for your help, and by the way I love your recipes, and you definatly take to the camera well.  Giselle
I love ittttttttttttttttt
Thanks...trying these...after my exams...oh that's like in the summer
Oh! Please, include subtitles in Portuguese
OMG! I tried this récipe today and it came out PERFECT! I used bread flour instead of 00 flour. I just wonder if the bread MUST go on the top rack. What if I want to make 20 loaves? I will need to use more racks! And should I add more wáter to the cast iron pan? Thanks for your help Laura!
This was so easy to make, love it
can u plaease share how to make avocado spring rolls
Where did you find that bread pan???? The one with the holes on it.
Does anyone knows why my bagette was all flat? The texture of the dough at the beginning was exactly the same, but then I feel it too soft barely imposible to handle and then in oven just turned into this flat crispy crap.
Laura, I just tried this recipe today and I love it! The crispy crust and tender inside is amazing. Thank you!
Please make french loaf! 😊
Do you have a recipe book? If not, you should really consider it. I love all your recipes, food comes out amazing and the best part is all the ingredients are easily accessible or already in my kitchen.
This recipe is perfection! Came out exactly as Laura said. Made three loaves...one is gone already! Another Laura recipe that will be in permanent rotation!
Make creme brûlée
Mmmmmm i wish i could make this
Just tried making this today, turned out great! Thanks.
Laura, I want to make this but I only want to do one loaf at a time and freeze the remainder until im ready to make it. Can I freeze the dough? If so, what step would I freeze it? Before the rising process?
I made them today they are amazing and so easy to make! Really delicious but I have to make a few more next time ;)
So crispy and so good
can anyone tell me the measurements? my internet can't open laura's website
Laura You inspire me so much! I love you so much and i love all your videos! When you see this I want to say thank you you helped me so much! Thank you❤️❤️ I am italian too:-) And sorry my english is not the best..  Thanks
I made this today using AP flour adding wheat gluten and did everything the same. I even have the baguette pan, but the crumb came out a little dense. My best breads are when I use no knead method and clay or cast iron baker. I've tried baguettes many times and hard to believe they can come out like the video baking at home.
come visit sweeter bakes theres awsome recipes up now
Can u make your videos available on mobile please? They used to be but now it says not viewable on this device?? Thank you!
Hi laura, I do not have a cast iron skillet...what should I do?
i love bread..definitely giving this a try!
I just loooooooooooooove ur love for food!!! Subscribed!!! :D
I could live off of bread
I just noticed that your recipe only shows adding yeast and sugar together instead of yeast sugar and liquid
Love your videos and recipes thank you
+Laura in the Kitchen I really like this recipe it turned out amazing! Can you make a sourdough recipe please? Thank you.
Can you make a Spelt Bread? Please!!!!!
i too only used 1 1/2 c of warm water and my dough was not sticky. also by mistake i used the whole pouch of yeast and didn't check that the pouch had 2 1/4 tsp of yeast in it. so far it has risen but am afraid it will be too dense and have a strong yeasty flavor. will keep you posted
Hi Laura. I watch your videos a lot and I notice you make a lot of "Italian" pastries/desserts. I have been looking EVERYWHERE for a recipe for a sfogiallete (lobster tail pastry). I have a nut allergy, so I cannot eat anything like that at a bakery. I cannot find a recipe for this lobster tail pastry because everything is in Italian on youtube and hard to understand. Could you maybe do a video on how to make this delicious pasty?! Thank you so much!! -Talia
You are a good cook and you are very very very amazing beautiful
Thanks for teaching I love the way you make bread
Hola megusta su forma de enseñar
Do you have a recipe for a rustic Italian bread?
Hi Laura! I don't have a kitchen mixer. Is it possible to do it by hand?
Great recipe. The bread was so delicious..
A great cook
My oven can't heat up to 400+ degree. The most 275 degrees only. What o can do?
i am sooooooooomaking this tomorrow!!!!
I have  been making bread for about a year now - and most of the techniques Laura shows here describe my approach. However what I learned here is to let the mixer kneed the dough for 10 minutes.  I have  been able to get a great crust, but the texture of the crumb (inside) has been lacking. The longer kneed made all the difference, Thanks Laura!
W-O-N-D-E-R-F-U-LL! Many many thanks for that! By the way, I add mine to C Falaris' request for Baci di Dama, here in the comments
go to her web site. i use her stuff very often
Laura, how do you stay so clean when you're cooking??  I never see you get messed up in any video I watch!  LOL....love this recipe.  I have that pan so I can't wait to try it!
I too tried this recipe twice and my dough was definitely not runny. It still worked out but was pretty dense.
No amount of ingredients?? What To do :(
Hi Laura! Do I need to sift the flour?
I see what you did there. You tripled the recipe for this video didn't you? ;D
Made this today... I don't have a standing mixer, so I just used my hands. My dough didn't turn out as runny/liquidy but none the less I rose. As a result it was a little more dense. I didn't do the water in the pan thing, because I'm missing one of my racks. But the crust was still mega crunchy, crispy and thick. Over all great flavour! I just gotta work of the texture probably by mixing it a little more, or using less flour? I'm not sure, but I'm definitely going to be trying this again!
I made these and they were AMAZING!! Thank you for sharing your recipes. They work EVERY TIME!!! I've also made your giambotta, brown fried rice and tortilla soup before and they were perfect. :) Keep on cooking, girl!
My dough came out thick (like pizza) instead of sticky.. it rose perfectly and cooked to a crisp. I'm just not sure if the inside came out as soft as you said it would, any tips to making my dough runny?  Would that make the inside soft and fluffy?
I am making this recipe as we I type it is rising for the second time I am so excited to see the finished product.
I like waching u show cook and i try cooking my sefl at nice..but i 'am not like when u show cook to much talk make me borred and tired
Is this active yeast or rapid rise?
Can you please do a video on how to hand knead bread dough?!  Pleaseeeee
Great recipe Laura... definitely one of my favorite videos. :)
I just wanted I made these for the very first time and they turned out perfect!  Can these be frozen?  Can I use this same recipe to make a large Italian loaf of bread?
I'm gonna do this! right now!!! *-*
Hi Laurau. I made this two times but because i dont have any form for bread as yours it becomes very flat. Maybe some suggestions? Should i make a walls next to sides made from aluminum folia? Maybe it will help to make bread taller? :)) thank you
they were good thaanks, but I recommend everyone that's doing this that DO NOT bake them in parchment paper because they will stick to it just like mine :(
I Definitely trust you.  Your pizza dough recipe is also amazing.
Waa...that looks yummy. Dear Laura,if you please,can you show how to bake mini pretzel?
You are great Miss Laura ,, it looks so delicious..
You are great Miss Laura ,, it looks so delicious..
seriously, my boyfriend and i have spent most of the evening watching your videos on our tv. all of your recipes are just amazing and we can't seriously wait until we can try them all! Plus, you are so likeable I seriously already feel like you're my friend. Boy, i say "seriously" a lot don't i? Oh well! Lol  Anyways, you have a new subscriber and two new fans in Brooklyn New York. keep those amazing recipes coming! Thank you!
Forget the bread Laura, just wanted to tell you , you have great smile and beautiful eyes
made the yesterday, I added about another 1/2 of water. Took about 2 hours to rise the first time, an hour the second time, however when baking it in my oven, 30 minutes was way too long. I ended up with three loaves of burnt bread. This is my fault, so for those who say this recipe doesn't work, it depends on your environment, just try again!
I tried this really tasty, but my bread didn't rise the second time when it was on the tray ... :-( and it turned out some dry bread but tasty.. the yeast was good, what else could have gone wrong ?
If you're making dough that soft, you will need a pan form or it will spread out like flatbread.  It'll still be good, though.
A very important question from a friend of mine is if you do not have a stand mixer, what do you use to mix the bread for 5-6 minutes? Wooden spoon? Handheld mixer? What's the best method?
Laura, I love your videos. I always watch and re-watch them and recreate your recipes, typically doing a little this or that to make it my own. The day this video was posted I was so excited because I went through a bread experimentation phase a couple years ago and loved baking baguettes - although I haven't done so in a while. The day I watched this video, it inspired me, and I immediately ordered the perforated baguette pan you used and a new dough scraper off Amazon like you recommended. With Prime shipping I got it the very next day (and for only a total of $13!) and am eager to report how successful I was recreating it. Your videos are super helpful and inspiring. Much love from Miami. Xo, Shannon
Just made this, SOOOOOOO great, omg I am in love with this recipe. Maybe Ill make enough to share next time. :P
Love love love!!! Laura in the kitchen. I've learned so much!
I learnt from ratatouille you can tell bread is good not by the smell or the look but the sound of the crust
That great interior: la mix de pain.  Magnifique!
These look AMAZING! You are such an inspiration :)
Thanks Laura for the recipe. I made it this past weekend and lemme tell you, it didn't last three days. We ate all of it :) I can cook fairly Ok and my mom approves of my cooking skill, but when I made these she was beside herself. My sister came in as soon as finished them and my mom just blurts out "your brother made these badass baguettes." Haha, Needless to say, I've never heard that response from my mom before.  :)
what about measures , how many cups of flour how much salt, etc .... really looks yummy
looks easy, thank you
Yum
YOUR bread looks amazing, mine didn't turn out like that. I noticed you changed the amount of flour but it's still not sticky like yours... Could u give the flour in grams.? And another suggestion if we don't have a cast iron pan? Thank you!
Lol I hate it when u eat in front of us lol
You,re kill me Laura!! I just started a fast and can only have unleavened bread. Just wait, as soon as I come off the fast... baguettes home I come!!!
if i dont have a skillet like that can i just use a deep oven tray and put water in that?
Great recepie thank u Laura
i'm trying this tomorrow, this look so good!
Laura- my daughter and I tried this recipe according to your website.  Is it really 1 1/2 cups water or  2 cups? Or dough is not as "sticky" as yours...thanks!
Did you hear that when she was talking about the folds in the crust? She called me "Honey"!!  ;-)
Hi I want to know why my bread does not get brown like yours I did keep in over for more the 30 min but just will not get dark!!
How do i store these?
After watching a few videos about making baguettes i always see people doing so much work. You're the first i see doing it the same way as i do and its just so easy, they make it overcomplicated with the folding and shaping and all that. I also have a tip for those who dont get a good crust, let it cool off and when you are ready to use, put it again in the oven for 5-10 minutes and your crust will be perfectly again.
Your fuckin awesome love watching your video been watching for ah cupple of years ;) learning from the best Laura Vitale style lol
I love, love, love all your videos!!  You make every recipe very simple and easy to do.  Please keep those tutorials coming!!  Thanks!!!
They came out delish! I just used a bowl and a spoon, but had to add like 1 cup of water more to the dough and I added some oil to. The baking tray worked fine too instead of the pan Laura used.
could  u please make a draw my life once u reach 1m subcribers
Making these now! It's 11 AM here in Sweden and sooooo cold! I hope the dough will rise good. Thanks Laura.
I did the exact same stuff except for the 00 flour and my dough is already pretty thick not sticky!! What is happening? :(
Hi Laura thanks for sharing this recipe, can't wait to try it.  Is it possible to store some of the dough or you have to bake it right away?
Looks simple! Love it. Thanks for sharing, Laura!
Wonderful, wonderful, love it. Karla
I JUST made this baguette and it was wonderful! I halved the recipe, added a handful of ground flax seed, added a tad more water because the ground flax seed absorbed a lot of the water, and baked it for less time. It turned out great, thanks Laura!
hey Laura, will the water in the pan trick also work for a chewy pizza crust? mine taste great but never have enough chew to them!
Spoon*
Just fill a baking dish or tray with water if youdon't have the pan Laura used. And the dough can just be mixed in a bowl with a wooden soon.
I made the baguette today and they are delicious.  I used regular flour but I have the Italian flour on order.  Thank you so much for this recipe and all the others too.  I just love watching you and Joe.  Such a nice couple.  I feel like you are family.  Carol xo
OH YEA!!!  Pass the butter.
please dooo Mille-Feuille Napoleon recipe!! love your channel!
please dooo Mille-Feuille Napoleon recipe!! love your channel!
Again NO AMOUNTS of the ingredients,, are given.. Not rocket science Laura!!
That crunch! It sings!
So I tried to make these, my dough was not sticky at all. What did I do wrong
I made these to day and it tast AMAZING! Super yummmmy.  I really love your video every receipy I try turnd good!  Thank you
Where I live, we got like a cube with east that kind of got the texture of a mushroom. That's perfect, you just need to break it down to smaller pieces and add the water for the bread to come together and you're good. No activating!
Hi Laura. When I made the dough it ended up very tough and not sticky at all. I ended up adding 1//2 cup more water.  I know it has to be sticky but can you compair what the consistancy of thet should feel like?
Btw it's not like normal steak Diane sauce with mustard. The Cheesecake Factory one is almost like a red wine base I think. I love it though and it's so yummy and different!
Laura I love this dish called steak Diane from cheesecake factory! I was wondering of you can try it and replicate that steak Diane dish, that sauce on it is amazingly divine and I need a replication so bad!!!!!!!! Please and I hope you try it!!! Thanks!
sound delicious! you driving me so hungry <3
Because of laura, i learned to cook and now i can bake. :)))))
Hey Lara my dough is not sticky and more like a pizza dough and when i added water it became a bit stickier but not as sticky as yours
what if i don't have a cast iron skillet?
Your are amazing!
THUMBS UP for Laura she definitely inspired me to create my youtube channel one of hardest working youtubers ^_^
Laura can you PLEASE show us how to make a great cup of coffee, say with Nescafe coffee? Thanks! :-)
Can i make 2 with this recipe but just bigger baguettes?
Again a perfect recipe! I was watching this in bed I was so temped to get and go make them!
I was watching you break open your baguette and was hoping you would put some butter on that before you took a bite. Because: Warm bread + butter = The best ever....
Love your channel! Love you! Can't wait to try this recipe! I get around a kitchen pretty good, but you would make even a beginner feel like they could do anything!
Wow.  I'm impressed.  I think I could do this and my family would be so impressed. Thanks for all your great videos.
Make sour dough  bread :D
In HD and full screen you can almost smell it
Best bread I've everrrr had!! Laura you are a genius and so pretty too!!!!!! This was also super easy and fun and I used regular all purpose flour and it turned out delicioussssss!!!!!!!!
Looks so LUSH Laura, thank you will give this a try ~ Natasha x
ur better than giada!!!!!!!!
Love this bread recipe, I am confident that I can make this...thank you so much for sharing your knowledge....sweet
Omg thank you so much! I have been waiting for this recipe forever. I will definitely try this!
I have a pan similar to yours in the video except mine can only hold two loaves...not three like yours.  Can I just portion the dough in half and make two?  I'm guessing the bake time would be longer?
omg that look really good
Oh they looked so good, Thanks bird!
I DISLIKE those people who DISLIKED this video!!!
This came out awesome
Amazing
I love your videos Please visit my Fitness and Beauty Channel Greetings from Spain!!
Have to bypass all of your bread recipes. There's no way I can afford one of those mixers.
Hi Laura, I'm currently making this bread and my dough seems way less smooth than yours. Is it possible that it's because of the flour? I'm using an unbleached, unbromated white flour. Hoping the baguettes still turn out like yours!
I tried to make this. The dough wasn't sticky at all?
So yummy! What can you use at the bottom of the oven if you do not have a cast iron skillet?
hi laura！ my oven is the small one with no place to put the water container. what can i do？
Laura, why you never stir the yeast? I see most people do it so I wonder why you don't.
do u have the recipe in grams ???
No salt?
You finally did it!!! Dearest Laura,it is so amazing that you ask someone something on another side of the world and she does it! Appreciation...do you know what? I found myself watching your videos every day and i thought i don,t have time to see my friends but i see Laura every day ,thus Laura is closer than my best friend.someone like a sister...
I died when I heard the crunch at the end.
Laura I have a question. Baguette needs to be baked at very high temperature. When u pour the cold water to the skillet, it would create the steam but would the temperature drop significantly?? Would that impact the crispiness of the baguette ?  Thanks v much
Sometimes I think she over reacts when she eat it
I made your oreo ice cream cake sooooo good
your*
Hi Laura:D My bf almost drool when you showed us the interior of the baguette haha. Thanks for you recipe! Will try to make this soon:D
King Arthur Flour carries 00 Italian flour, also French flour and a large variety of other flours.  Available on their web site: KingArthurFlour.com It's a great source for all things related to baking!
"Laura in the Kitchen" sounds like a porno.... just sayin'
I always love your recipes
Thank you so much for sharing this recipe! It's brilliant and you're adorable :)
I stare at the chocolate chips behind you every time lol
This Baguette looks so delish.
9:30! HAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LMAO!!!
last I saw ur video recently u only had 860k+ subs and now 905k+!! u earn subs so quickly.
In your written recipe you say you need to let it rise once more before you cut it into 3 parts, but in the video you don't. Is it the video that we should follow? Love from Sicily, I'm a big fan of yours and I am obsessed with your recipes :)
Give it to me laura......GIVE if to meeeeeeee
Waaaaaaw I loved the recipe and I will try it this weekend, I love your way of showing us the recipe and love your spirit, thank you for sharing this with.
the bread did not taste right.. i tried it twice..
Thank you.
This video is soooo soo helpful!  I can't find baguettes from where I live, and now I can just make my own!  Thanks a lot Laura, you look gorgeous
Hi Laura, love your videos!!! Please make one on how to make Pita pockets.
what happens if you dont have a cast iron skillet,.
Love it !!!xoxo luhan
you are THE BEST seriously I love you and your recipes are amazing they always work, I'm definitely gonna try this soon
Looks so delicious! I turn into a huge carb monster in the winter so I'm looking forward to trying this recipe :)
Love your show!!! i'm Mexican and i cant wait until November to eat Day of the Dead bread. Do you know how to make it????
could you use this recipe in a bread machine too? it's very simple without but my mother and i are quite fond of our machine :)
Can you use a hand mixer for this?
amazing!
Aww, I was SO looking forward to trying this recipe, but I don't have a cast-iron skillet. :,( Darnit!
Watching this drunk right now!! Awesome!!
You are an adorable really.
Make crumb cake
Thanks laura I was requesting this recipe from lot of people and you made it finally thanks alot
amazing!
Laura thank you very much for sharing this recipe l have been wanting to make this for a long while now.
Oh and laura, in the website, number 6, it says that you have to let the dough rise once more for the second time but you didn't do that in the video...
Thanks for sharing Laura, I always thought the procedure is lengthy and painstaking,  but you just magically made it effortless
If I'm going to make only 1 baguette unlike the 3 baguettes that you're making here laura, do I need to cut down the amount of water that goes into the iron skillet pan(like the ingredients)?
Yummy! Gonna save this recipe for one fine day:)
Can i be your husband even tho im a girl bc foODS EVERYWHERE
this is awesome!!!
Thank you for the recipe!!!!!! Love your makeup! Just wanted to say that your makeup has improved sooooo much from your earlier videos years ago!!! Love your vlog and makeup channels!!
Oh my gosh Laura! I am such a carb lover myself! These look out of this world! I can not wait to try this recipe! Thank you for sharing it!
These look fantastic! I saw the pan on Amazon a week ago for around 14$. Good to know it's really not needed. I am definitely going to try this! I made your pizza dough tonight, it was delish!
how would i make this without a stand mixer?
Laura this was an awesome video. That baguette looked beautiful and who would have thought it would be so easy. Thank you. I will try it very soon.
I really want to try this but don't have a standing mixer/dough attachment. Would a regular handheld whisk mixer work as well?
My dough was dry after kneading in mixer followed complete instructions wonder what I did wrong?
Have you guys ever wandered how usually baguettes are somewhat cheap and affordable even though its hard to make whereas cupcakes on the other hand are waaaay more easier to make but kinda expensive?
Stop at 7:34
Laura may i ask. Have you ever had a situation where you want to film a particular recipe which that recipe has worked for you everytime but when you wanted to film the recipe it suddenly didnt work? Hope you answer this question that i have wanted to ask you for a really long time. BYE!!
What can can I use for the water instead of a cast iron skillet?
Why I'm thinking in butter?
Hey Laura i  just wanted to say thank you so much for your pumpkin cupcake recipe :}  I useD  your recipe for a bake off competition and I won 1st place  yay  :} !!!!!!!!! so thank you so much again you made me a winner !!!!!!! May God bless you  :}
I'm in love with you Laura! I'm so glad to have you teach me how to make these perfect baguettes! Now I can say I will always have Paris with this recipe!
my mouth kept watering as you pulled apart the bread!
What do you suggest doing if you don't have a cast iron skillet?
This looks delicious!!!!!!! What if you don't have a cast iron skillet?
I need to make those now!:-P
Wow! That's awesome! I hope to try this recipe one day, when I figure out how to get my yeast activated properly.
What if I don't have a cast iron skillet?
Bravissima come sempre, ma la musichetta pseudo italiana NO!
Does anyone know any other great cooking channels like Laura's? :)
ad!!
Could I make this same recipe but use whole wheat flour?
Laura, Pane Tuscano please.
Laura, you're our own little piece of heaven.
I want to be IN the bread!!!! :) lol xoxo Kristin
Wow!! I didn't think it would be that easy  Thank you
you make it look very easy but I worry about working with sucha sticky dough
Ure so talented and amazing thank you for sharing ur recipes!!! Luv!
i like this recipe a lot.. I am hoping you can sometime soon your moms escarole stuffed pizza..last Columbus day I went to an Italian festival and they served escarole sandwiches which I loved  but your moms stuffed pizza sounds soooooooo   goooood
Oh my goodness I am making these!
Laura please , please make a ciabatta bread pleeeeeeese!
There is nothing like homemade bread. I usually make my own loafs, and had been thinking about a baguette recipe, then LT posted this vid. Talk about perfect timing. Looking fwd to making Colombian butter bread mmm...
and to think all this time I thought this was impossible for me to do...!! can't wait to make this
That looks so perfect. You can use these to make tons of other recipes. Love it! Thanks Laura!
Hi laura  Making this right now my mouth has been watering all afternoon  and with my favorite loaded baked potato soup my quick ? Is ive made 2 batches of dough one came out sticky and the other didnt could it be my yeast didnot proof on one??-sylvia in california
Yummy
I was in a mood to bake something this weekend and was waffling on all sorts of recipes, when yours popped up. I made them this evening for my family and everyone loves them, :D. Thank you, Laura!
This must be what love means.
They look amazing! x
Looks so yummy and easy.  And I have one of those pans.  Yay me!
You must buy flour in BULK because of all your baking!  These baguettes are just grand!  I'm going to buy the pan from my local kitchen store and bake some loaves!  Yes Yes Yes!
👍👍👍
Name: Laura Vitale. Talent: simplifying glory!
your intro is sooo catchy!!! i love dancing to it lol '
I am SO gonna make this tomorrow! I'm sickly obsessed with baquettes, thank you for the recipe, Laura! ;)
Finally! Thanks Laura
What's an alternative for the cast iron skillet??
I dont have a cast iron pan :/
Creme Brûlée!
I love itttt
hey laura! on your website, there is a step 6 you didn't do in the video. is it really necessary to let it rise once more for another hour?
Looks so delicious!
You should make ban mi! Aka Vietnamese sandwich! Please! 😊
omg the baguette pan looks so cool!
that looks amazing! :)
Laura, in my opinion you are at your video best when you are in the kitchen.  You really shine there!!
Ohhh finally, I've been waiting for this recipe all week!  Thank you!  They look gorgeous :)
I have been wanting one of those baguette pans for a long time!  Love how your bread turned out looks amazing.  I also like the cast iron skillet trick.  I usually throw a handful of ice cubes in the bottom of the oven.  Does the same thing.  Next time I'm doing your idea though!
LOVE IT Laura :))) Thaaaaaaaaaank you
HO YEAH :D thank you Laura :d <3 <3
Yum I love bread
Hey Laura love all your receipts i don't have a cast iron skillet is there something that I can use instead??
Hi Laura, I was wondering if you could do more leftover recipes. I would give you a perfect to revisit some recipes you love and also create some more interesting dishes.
Hmm.. How can you knead such a sticky dough if you don't have a kitchenaid?
Do You warm up the oven almost 3 hours before baking the bread ?
don't have a iron skillet what can i use?
OMG looks soooooo yummy
Your makeup is always lovely.
I ❤️YouTube food channels. They keep our kitchens from becoming boring!!! ❤️you Laura!!!
Finally !!!!!!!!
Laura, thank you so very much for this!  I miss my old Brooklyn "bread stores" on eleventh avenue!  I tried making it immediately.  I measured everything to a T - but the dough didn't come out sticky at all ... :-(( ... The dough is still rising, but I'm afraid it'll be dry ... May just use it for focaccia so I can pile lots of onions on top and the dryness won't matter.  Next time I'll up the water to two cups - but wondering - if anyone else makes this - did the dough COME OUT DRY?  Thanks again!
It wont be as crispy without the pan though. Thats why its lifted with the holes. It makes the steam and air circulate
Where's your Dad?????
Would you be willing to make a video on different chopping methods? Which knives work best for what foods? How to chop an onion? Important safety precautions, how to mince, slicing styles etc.. something along the lines of that. I'm guilty of kinda just chopping everything the same and seeing Joe cut the tomatoes the other day, reminded me of my chopping methods! Lol! Much appreciated, love the videos!
Could you show us the sourdough bread plz :)
OMG! much easier than I thought ... I thought I'd need to knead the heck out of it !! lol .. this is too amazing, thanks for sharing Laura.. Will make this next week-end since tomorrow I have work .. Love ya xx
This recipe looks amazing! You're right, many steps but simple ones. I recently moved to a new home with a convection oven and am having a difficult time figuring out the conversion for cooking time. Can you tell me the best heat and time setting for convection please? Love you and your cooking!
Yummi, have to bake for my tomatosoup :)
yum this looks delicious!!!can you show us how to make sourdough bread!?!? Please please please!!!
have to try it ❤️❤️❤️
Awesome!!!
Wow ! I didnt expect it to be that simple! Thanks laura
That CRUNCH!!!! ; _____ ;  I NEED TO MAKE THIS! x'D
OMG looks so good
im drolling
It looks delicious, I really want to try this!!!
This bread looks absolutely delicious!!! I can't wait to try it!
We don't really sprinkle flour on top of our regular baguettes but we do sprinkle on our "baguette de tradition" (but this baguette is made out of a different type of flour which is heavier) ! Good video though :) Kisses from Paris ;)
Laura you're awesome ! <3 I'll definitely do this recipe :)  Love yr videos by the way Big kisses from France <3<3
My dad loves baguettes so I'm gonna try these out :)
I'll try your way to make baguettes as soon as my kitchen is done being worked on.  I tried only one time about 2 yrs. ago using a recipe from a book, the results?  I could've used the baguettes as iron crowbars! So hard & dense.  I chucked them in the trash, not fit even for the birds.
I absolutely love your recipes. Most of them go into my food playlist!
I can not believe how easy it was to make this
YAY!!!!! I have been patiently waiting for you to post this recipe!! Can't wait to make it tomorrow!!
Thank YOU!
Written directions say to raise twice in bowl. In the video it only shows once in the bowl. Which is it?
Is it possible to make this without a standing mixer. Just asking bc I don't have one and neither does your nonna in Italy so I always wonder how she does it...
Dang, don't ya just hate this woman for doing this to us?  That's right Laura, shove that baguette right up in our faces, for shame.  You realize that I'm going to have to stop watching videos and go make bread now, hate you!  :)
OMG..THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THEESSEEE
I will definitely try this out...looks absolutely amazing!! That bread and some good butter on it...heaven! I just wish I had a dough maker like you do :P
Looks delicious Laura! Must give this a try! Lots of love!  :)
38
Sometimes I always catch myself skipping to the end of the video so I could see you eat the food!!
That's nice.  I'm going to try to make that for Super bowl. .  Thanks Laura..
A must try!
Laura, can you show us the difference between a french bread and a italian bread?
Really looks like a true baguette ! Nice job :D
Hey Laura can u also make a sour dough baguette recipe? Please!!! :D
FYI, those dough scrapers are handy and inexpensive. try the dollar store, that's where i got mine 2 years ago :)
Looks sooo yummmy! Can't wait to make this!
Please, please, please! Tuna tartare recipe :D
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU LAURA !!   You know I have been begging for so long for this recipe, so hubby and I cannot thank you enough. You are a darling :)    Love from Germany
I love breads! I will make this one day :D
No oil!!!
YAY! Finally Laura! :D
*baguettes
Wooooo 7th to comment ?
I have to do this recipe!!! Thanks for sharing it!!!
I live in paris , so I know baguetes and I can tell you that yours , looks like 100 time better than the ones I always bought ( and they are really good ones )
They look awesome :) (I love potatoes and bread!!!) P.S.: If I wanted to make these whole wheat, should I do anything differently? (Thanks!)
Damn is there anything you can't cook? :p
How is the Sourdough recipe coming?
.
I live for laura vitale!!
Great video! I love watching all of your videos and your vlogs!
First Comment!
