Insoportable éste vídeo...me duele la cabeza☹️gracias igual comparten para nuestro aprendizaje👌
Please turn down the music.
The backyard music is way too loud ... & I could barely hear you... plus you didn’t mention if this pattern has a specific multiple
Beautiful ! I started making my own ❤️thank you for sharing ❤️
The music was very annoying and your tutorial was great.
As others said, music too loud and your voice is barely audible or understandable.
Hello there!!! Just hoping to find out how many skeins of yarn you used for this scarf/snood?
First of all, good video and it is 4 years old, but there are flaws.  People are complaining that the music is too loud and cannot hear you, secondly you should be using the crochet terminology ie single crochet, and slip knot, etc. This is a learning curve for all.  I have made this Scarf and came out great. Thank you London.
Don't suppose anyone can suggest how many stitches for a starting chain if I wanted it bigger or smaller please? E.G. If I wanted to make a large cowl what multiples would I need for this stitch?   Many thanks!!
Is there a written pattern? The music is too loud and I can barely hear what you're saying
جميل جدا
The music is only a bit too loud. I can totally hear what you're saying. And this tutorial is on YouTube, which is where people post videos. Don't be discouraged by people demanding things - thank you for taking the time to make this and share with the lot of us!
music is disturbing thumbs down you are suppose to have respect for us
Your music is a little too loud but thank you for sharing   Its a lovely pattern 🐒
I guess, i heard you yawning 😊
Tutorial wouldn't start.  Where is the written pattern?
Written pattern would be appreciated.  I can't hear anyway so I rely on closed captioning, and the auto-generated CC was crappier than usual - made it nearly impossible to follow along so I don't know what the chain multiple is, or any other details I need to know that I can't pick up just from watching.  Cheers.
Hermosos
Hermosos
Would I be able to make a blanket out of this stitch?
Is the hook the knit pro brand by any chance?
Hi, can you tell me where I can purchase that needle, is it a particular brand?   Thanks!!
where did you get your hook. is it available for online purchase?
i would love this in a hat pattern i did see one but its not in English so i don't understand it please and thank you in advance yes and written pattern for the scarf and a hat would be great i could not here you very well music was so loud but this pattern is so beautiful
Is there a written pattern?  The music drowns out your voice.  Would love to try this out.  Thank you!
your not clear on what size hook your using
Beautiful! Have you've done a tutorial with this stitch in a hat or beanie?
the music is too loud and I can barely hear what you're saying. is there a written pattern?
please can someone tell me where the pattern is for the soft scarf .
where do i find the written pattern for the soft scarf
Absolutely love this will definitely do one for myself, can you tell me how many balls of yarn did you use please?
