For more bike repair videos hit the subscribe button 🛑 and click the notification bell ► http://bit.ly/SubRJTheBikeGuy
My absolute go to for bike tuturials.... thank you for laymen's terms. Extremely helpful and informative thank you.
Hi I took the bolt out but the twisty thing the bolt goes on is still there
Life saver. Cost me 5$ on Amazon for the tool
I dont know what to do because my crank arm wont go on and i cant force it on
What do you do if the crank arm part becomes dethreaded?
i put my crank remover tool in but it is impossible to turn clockwise...what have I done wrong ?
I can only get my crank arms on half way. I put grease on but I still don't know if they're on far enough? How far do they need to be on?
Good bike for a good price!
My left crank arm bolt keeps unscrewing off when cycling? I’ve screw it in tight with 14mm wrench like in video. Should I use blue lock on the nut thread ?
Knock knock, is anybody home ?   You never showed how to remove a crank arm, just the sproket.
ty👌✨💯
I would've liked to see how he removes the spindle
Thanks 👍
Thank you!
thanks for sharing
How about grease on the spindle and the threads of the bolts?
FUCK!
1:50 Why the fuck did no other video demonstrate the two wrench method? For crying out loud this would have saved my life! This method avoids stripping while most others just destroy your shit if it is older and well bonded. I needed to view this video a few weeks ago but now it is too late and I must spend more money to change cranks arms and a new chain ring. Ugh...
Thank u
I bought an 80s mountain bike from goodwill for 10 dollars, the cranks are loose and uneven.
why you do is so easy i do is same thing is dose come out
Chain side is too hard doesn't open ...
I have a Swagtron EB-5 electric bike and it looks like a 3 piece crank. Is your method of removing the right crank the same for my electric bike?
Thanks for the video! I repaired my cycle while watching your video. Thanks so much!
I don't know if I ever left you a thank-you-message RJ, but if not: t h a n k  y o u. You know you're a life saver right? You're my goto-guy for my bike repairs. All the big projects, and the small ones, I couldn't have done them without you. I basically did almost everything there is to do on my bike, I think. From replacing v-brakes to disc brakes, truing a wheel, you name it: got them done thanks to your video's. Keep up the good work.
I usually just go at it with a hammer from the other side. A little persuasion and they come off. I guess I should just spend the 10 bucks and get the tool off ebay.
Hi RJ I’ve been watching ur videos for past few months and I tried doing this exact same method the other day with a crank tool and the crank handle tool and for some reason I really don’t no what the boys in Halfords have for there breakfast cause I tried for the life of me to remove it without no reward have u anymore tips what to try...maybe if I had a mtb work stand it could have been easier or maybe not, I’m just in the process of buying tools at the minute and really wanted to change my front cassette! Help 😂
It's not getting easy. Do you have any tip?
What if you don't have the tool?
Thanks for this! Question: I removed the crankset, installed new bottom Bracket. Reinstalling crankset seems an issue. I have more space than I can remember between the I side of both crank arms and the frame. I can actually see that spindle from the bottom Bracket. Am I missing a piece?? (and I'm pretty sure the BB is the correct size). Any advice?
Incredible that I could not find such a good instruction video in my native language Dutch from bicycle land The Netherlands.. no-nonsense video, zoomed in so clear image. Thanks!
Thanks for the video. I've just tried to remove the pedal arm from my bike, without success! The trouble is that the inner plunger of the extractor tool is NOT pushing against the end of the bottom bracket, ITS BEING FORCED INTO THE HOLE THAT THE BOLT CAME OUT OF! Since the end of the bottom bracket is square, why on earth isn't the end of the plunger square?? And why, when you do it, don't you have the same problem? From what I could see of it, your extractor also has a circular plunger that is only slightly bigger than the bolt hole. Just how much of the plunger is pressing on the end of the bottom bracket? Because, it cant be much. Any advice you can give would be appreciated. Take care.
i dont have a crank puller
Is the example crank considered 3 piece?
I think mine broken it was so stuck and wouldn't move
Love the abrupt ending very easy to follow along, just take the part off the part then put the other part in the part. Aside from the smug comment thanks for sharing knowledge man *smash dat like
That crank had to have been loosened prior to the video because I've never seen a crank bolt come off that easy.  It's always been so tight you need a 20" cheater bar and something to hold the other side to break it free.
If it wasnt for this video I wouldnt have been able to do it 👍
thanks rj....very helpful.
Thanks, I had been trying to use my gear puller, without success, lol,
I nearly snapped the threading of the crank following your instructions step by step because you did not bother mentioning there might be an adapter on the crank puller end that should  be removed for a square tapered spindle.
Thank you!!
Thanks! It worked  I was gutted when I saw I had to but yet another tool to remove the crank shaft itself though! Lol
Thanks for this, a very helpful video. I've been wondering how I'd replace my other half's 175mm cranks with something more appropriate for her short legs and this is a good start. Now I know I need some more tools as well as the cranks (which are kinda hard to find)
Very useful
Thanks. This worked great!
Your are very informative and helpful, nicely done!
perfect, thanks
Still don't work. My crank might aswell be set in concrete, just can't get it off!!!
I litertly Broke my finger because that first bolt was stuck like a bitch and it shot the crank in my hand
Why the fuck is it a 14mm? Who uses that? Standard is 8, 10, 13, 15, 17, 19, 22, 24...
What kind of crank puller are you using?
There is a grinding sound that comes when I pedal the right side in the sixth gear. What might be the problem?
I have been searching for a crank arm but can't find the exact shape of it?
Is it possible to take a crank arm from any bike and put it on another bike
Hey rj,  I'm looking to see where I can find a very large chainring like maybe 104 teeth or bigger. Any suggestions?
2:15 I'm finding lots of resistance, to the point where it seems like I can no longer turn the crank puller.  Any ideas?
What if your dust cap is stuck and snaps when you try to pry it off?
is there a way to take it off without the extractor?
what's  the name of that complicated what's  that called??
im putting together a road bike from scratch and this is helping me a lot. thanks
great video!! thanks so much!! it helped me a lot
Hahahahahaha. Everytime I've ordered a bike motor kit, probably four or five times, they've always come with thos tool. I've never known what it was for, and while organizing my tools day before yesterday  I almost threw two of them out. Today while checking youtube to see how to remove the cranks I saw one with the built on handle and recognized the main part as you have in this video, realized after about six years, and finally know what it does and that it's what I needed. So glad I didn't throw them away. ( : D)
um what do do you call that tool you are holding at 3:25 ?
I had a cheap puller wreck threads in arm and wrecked threads on the actual tool, crank i was trying to remove was steel and it was corroded onto the axle maybe if i had let it soak with penetrating oil for a while i might have saved the crank.
Today I had to use an angle grinder on the backside of the crankarms. On the backside I made some good and flat grooves and put my bearing extractor puller to work.  Third crankset on at least 16 yo bike  ridden in salty snow...
can you do this way to  reassemble the crank and also crank puller are they the same size for all bike with the square size
Went and bought the same park tool and this does not work. Bike crank is well greased nothing rusty just keeps getting stuck. I'm very upset.
nice
I tried this on an old road bike and just destroyed the aluminum threads, guess the crank arm was stuck too hard. What should i do now? Quit and give up?
What do I do if I don't have a crank puller?
What tool did u use?
Bike friend, one of my crank arms is damaged and needs to be replaced, can i salvage them from any other bike or will it be a pain to find the one my bike need?
I just pulled the cranks off my bike for the first time...it shouldn't be super difficult. MAKE SURE THE END OF THE CRANK PULLER IS SMALLER THAN THE SQUARE OPENING. I had a cheap nashbar kit - there was a removable dome on the puller tool, and it only worked with that removed. Otherwise, you're just going to deform the lip of the taper.
planning on doing a self repair of a broken left crank arm. Relatively new to bikes, but your concise tutorial was quite helpful. thank you.
Big wrenches = <3  I spent like a couple of hours fighting to remove the crank with two small wrenches (and the crank arm removal tool of course). Then I saw this video with the big fat wrench. Took one from my neighbour - instant success! I will totally buy a big one as soon as possible.  PS: Big wrenches are also a perfect weapon against zombie invasion hence you gain 2 for 1 by having one nearby. LOL
Pretty cool, I just measured the bolt on my bike, 14 millimeters, same as yours.
Mine doesn't move even a bit..
I just wanted to swing by and say thank you for making and posting all your bike repair videos! They're extraordinarily helpful, all the information is very straight forward and concise!
On my bike the arms are aluminum and the threads strip right out :/
Reinstalling starts at 3:00
What do i need to do to my bike? The nut keeps on getting loose eventhough i have thightened it.Any suggestions??
IS THE PULLER THE SAME SIZE?????ON ANY BIKE???
RJ I have a Salsa Voodoo MTB which has the self-removing type of crank arms. I have successfully removed the non drive side arm, but the drive side will not budge. Everything I see on youtube says that it should just fall right out with a little pressure or at most whacking it with a mallet (which I have done) but nothing. Am I doing something wrong? Is the spindle of this arm stuck in the BB? If so is there some trick to getting it loose? Please help me. Thanks in advance.
Would it work the same if it was a nut instead of a bolt?
what tool did you use to unscrew the bolt?
i have a standard beach cruiser and want to put gears on on the rear is that possible yeah or nah
thank you very much sir.
great video thanks it's down to earth, it gives me a sense of I can do this.
what should be the ideal space between the Crank Arm and BB Frame ?
Holy crap.  Auto correct.  Thanks for the response.  I ordered a crankset online, and a crank puller.  Hope it works.
The drive side peddle arm is stripped is there a way to have it retreaded without buying a whole new crank sey
I have a cheap thruster fixed bike I got at Walmart.  Well the cross threaded the pedal and the left crank arm is stripped.  Cannibalism buy just the one side and do you have any idea what size I would need?  Are they pretty standard?
Is there any way to get this thing off without that tool? I got one arm off with a jaw puller but the drivetrain side is giving me hell.
I want to replace the Shimano Hollowtech II drive side crank arm to shorter length. Is it possible to tear the drive side crank arm apart from the chainring?
whats the name of the two tools he used?
That was the best guidance I have seen yet. Thank You..
Any advise for people that found out that the previous owner cross threaded that part of the crank and there is not enough thread left to thread on the crank puller? I don't wanna ruin the vintage Sugino Crank that I have just yet... If it's not already the case...  I can't service my bottom bracket...
How to do i put my cranks arm back on? Might wont go in.
My pedal came off and while trying to put it back on, I totally ruined the threads for both the crank and the pedal. I wish there was something I could put into the crank just so that I could carry on with the bike.
should i apply a thin coat of anti seize on the square taper axle before i put the crank back in?
Plz, when you take off a bolt could you say clock or counter clock direction. It the big issue for pedals and cranks. thanks
i have a crankpuller but the diameter on the puller is to big how do i still get it off?
Thanks, but you don't really do both the same, right?  Because on the right side you used the tool, but on left side you don't?  All I need to do is change the left crank cause the bike I bought has stripped threads, and I want to replace is.  SO on that LEFT crank case, I don't need that tool, right?
good vid,cheers mate
Thanks!
you don't need two wrenches, you can just grab the crankarm and use one wrench
THANKYOU!! I didn't know how to use that tool, but you learned it me!!
does this work on mountain bikes as well?
Thanks a lot ...Great video,.. I did the job myself and saved $40.. Paid $5 for the arm remover..:D Only thing i did wrong is i used Poly 1000 on the bolts and on the spindle, but it can bend the crank arms.. grease needed only on the tighten bolts..
nope.. the arm goes all the way in on the driver side only, but on both sides the axle could be 1.5 mm longer to fully cover the crank arm hole.. maybe i should show you on a video..it is hard to explain..
maybe it is fine or do i need a longer axle, like 116 mm.? the recommended 68-113..but it doesn't go all the way in till the axle end.. please let me know what is your experience.. thanks a lot.. Kevin
hi.. one thing is not clear to me.. the actual axle length is shorter..the crank arm doesn't go all the way till the axle end..i have like a 2 mm extra space to go all the way.. In other words the axle is shorter than the crank arm inside length, it doesn't go all the way in... Is it normal ?
Same way. Maybe hit it with some PB blaster or similar penetrating oil.
great thanks
how to i remove  a rusty one
Thanks a lot man :)
