hey the sauce looks great but im a little worried it doesn't have any seasoning, no salt no pepper.. why? Also, is it okay if i add lime juice and parsley?
I loved the video but 1/4 cup is too much white wine vinegar, cut that in half for a better result. I also added the saffron after straining and let it steep a bit while finishing the dish and sides. Served with linguini topped with the leftover beurre blanc and parsley, along with sauteed snow peas. A+. Will make again.
Anyone who wipes butter off and throws away the meat towards the tail is nuts and should avoid lobster LOL
Its looks good, but where are the heads???  White people dont like to use the whole animal and its an insult to the animal who had given up its life for humans.  It good flavour for the sauce if you use the head of the lobster.  Shame.
teachering how to destroy a magnificent lobster with expensives gadgets
Looks good as a dish but literally everything about this production needs work, and the actor looks and sounds very nervous.
That looks awesome!  I know I'm late to the show, but you have a subscriber now!
Great Question for you man! What about garlic because thats what I always remember going with lobster is a garlic butter sauce just curious what garlic would do to your sauce if you were to implement some in???
waste my time watching the video
Where is the butter in the Beurre Blanc sauce?   Came here for the SV lobster..looks great.
what a way to waste something so good and so expensive....
go and see a dentist
Looks like you have a 2:1 ratio of sauce to lobster mass, yet you only actually use about 2 tabled spoons.  Thank goodness you used 2 entire sticks of butter for this recipe.
*Legit perfect food every time.>>>**do7.info/rsxk**    Kinda hard to figure out the first time, but once you've got it down, everything you cook with it is great.*
This looks wonderful, but I don't want to be surprised if I try this...  Those lobster tails look pretty firm - were they cooked before you cut the shell with the scissors?  If so, how much and how much cooking did the  Sous Vid actually do?
Most of the flavor of lobster comes from its shell. Always cook in the shell.
This recipe very good so delicious  Thank you so much 😊 💐👍🏼😋
Did a Google search for "Sweet maui onion", and all I get are potato chips.  Frustrating.
I'm not easily impressed, but this simply yet rich looking dish I'm dying to try. I love the way the lobster looked, cooked thoroughly
Where did you get those monster lobster tails...please would love to get a place to snag some a couple of times a year(thanks)
Looks terrible! Why would you soak up the tasty juices you worked so hard to make with a paper towel??
What kind of onion?
OMG..!!!!!!!! I can't wait to try this..!!!!!
I made this tonight and paired it with a sous vide pan seared filet mignon.  One of the best meals I have ever made.  The sauce was excellent.  The safron added just the perfect taste.
2 sticks of butter o_O
Shouldn't have sliced it... looked better before.
😂😂😂 Aw, I missed the camera
I have made this lobster twice and it does not disappoint.  Thank you to the chef at Big Meat Sunday. Given the price of lobster, one does not want to err. And may I add, save that lobster carapace because lobster and shrimp shells make a great stock.
man O man that looks fantastic
where  can i find saffron?
What happened to the Vacmaster, i was thinking about buying one?  Great videos!
This looks sooo good! I just got a Sous Vide machine and a few of your videos are what pushed me over the edge to get one. I couldn't be happier. Best meat dishes ever and totally idiot-proof. Love your videos. You're so mellow, you're like the Bob Ross of cooking videos!
I've just gotten a sous vide device but I'm confused as to cook time.  I have two 1-lb lobster tails, wouldn't they need longer cook time?
Great procedure and very good video. Thank you for sharing. Also, that is one serious looking cutting board.
Hello  Just tried this recipe,  the sauce was amazing, I added lemon and garlic to the sauce, , be good to know what temps so when you put the sauce on heat, but I worked it out and adpated, i dont do much Sous, I am just wating for the Lobster tail to cook now but  the sauce is amainzg  well done and thank you
Well, this pushed me over the edge on determining whether to purchase a Sous Vide machine. Thanks for producing really good videos.
how much degré c°please
Damn that looks amazing!!
I have watched tons of steak and lobster videos, but I always come back to yours because they just don't do it for me. I also rarely leave comments but I have to thank you for the great content and your friendly personality. Keep up the good work and hopefully you'll get your own program on TV!
i get that im weird but "dislike" are you kidding me, looks great thanks for all the vids keep it up
Looks good, a lot of places always overcook the lobster. I'm gonna try this soon!
just wanted to let you know that I made a mistake of watching your video late at night one time...totally dreamed about food right after =] awesome video, great instructions, keep it up!
140 F is far too high...Thoughts? I always do 48C or about 118.5F
I think you should make a surf and turf video... Your seafood demos and obviously your steak demos are both great. It would make perfect sense to combine them into one awesome video! Love the videos!!!
I saw your video a while ago and just tried it; however, with Maine lobster tails. Bro, everything was on point. The Burre Blanc Sauce was an excellent edition. Now I can't wait for Florida lobster season to start. Thanks!!
Since your wife is gone, who is the extra tail for? If it was for you, you would have cooked it later at time of that meal. Neighbor lady slipping over for some lobster tail? Darn, we all make mistakes when the camera is running.
No salt, no pepper, I am surprised!...
So. Polyscience or VM SV1?
Hello from Berlin.  I'm new to sous vide and appreciate your videos very much.  I have a sort of "general" question - The recipe calls for quite a lot of butter.  Is it salted or unsalted?  As you only salt the lobster lightly before cooking, salted or unsalted butter could make quite a difference in the sauce.  Thank you very much for the informative and entertaining videos.
just bought a sous vide  immersion thingy   I will definitely try this recipe and check back regularly  I also watched your wagyu burger episode  ... I might try that one first
This is a fine recipe.  I'll toss this in my Sous Vide Supreme this weekend.  Thank you very much for the good eats.
This looks delicious!
I really enjoy this channel.  Well done videos, informative, and entertaining.  Keep up the good work!
I am impressed! That was a great way to butter poach. Now I'm hungry.
Just found your channel......very innovative recipes that I will try....downloaded this YouTube video.  Thanks!
look yummy
I noticed you used a spiney lobster tail. My experience with warm water lobsters is that their texture is tougher and a bit stringier.  Does the Sous Vide help with this like it does to cheaper cuts of meat (ie; round roasts, ribs, etc)
you should have kept the saffron in the sauce for color, and added some green garnish
i feel like it might be better to cook the tail before removing the exoskeleten unless you used it in a stock
frozen lobster
Wow.. Yummy just hit a new level..
do you have the exact recipe to share? :) <=== newbie cooking
Mmmmmm, EXCELLENT!!!
I gotta stop watching this channel... Food always looks too damn good and I'm left starving!! I'll buy if you cook! I'm Huntington Beach!
new to sous vide.  this looks awesome. do you have the recipe printed up some where?
This looks ridiculously delicious!! Great video...as always.
Yikes!  I'm falling behind on all the goodness......
Does the 'bucket' come with the sous vide machine?
wife gone we get to do seafood lol hahahahahha
Whoa man, you skipped a very important step here. Those were not raw lobster tails so what were they?    Did you boil/steam/bake/nuke them first? And for how long, 2 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes?
*heavy breathing intensifies* looks so good!!!!!
What brand is your Sous Vide container? I would like to order that one!
"real" Chef here.... I have to say you did a real good job on this dish. All I would change is that you didn't pat the lobster down after cooking (why get rid of deliciousness?). I have to admit I was gonna troll you at first but in all honesty....you did this dish right. Kudos.
Watched this video and then went to get the ingredients to make this. OMG, Saffron is expensive! If I'm ever overwhelmed with wealth, I might try this recipe :)   Edit: I substituted saffron with Tarragon and it was excellent! Love the sauce :) I sous vide my lobster at 135F, because that appears to be the most popular temp I've found
Wow IM HUNGRY NOW! This looks amazing!!! I bet it tastes so good!!!
@chefdicedfoot I surmise that the only thing you're better at than making beurre blanc sauce is being an arrogant douche. Go back to your hole-in-the-wall diner you run in Alabama (giving Cleatus a year's supply of sodium per meal) and let us drool over this amazing sous vide lobster.
Great video. Wife away = seafood? I'm a little the same but with spicy stuff!
A classic beure blanc would work better with this, the cream would make it too heavy, plus as a professional I would never prepare lobster the way this home cook did
Looking good! Next time, try a lower temp, then broil for a few minutes after you take them out of the bags. :)
Talk about making the best of your "alone time" !
That looks amazing John... especially with the saffron sauce!  Got any leftovers?  Awesomeness all the way around!
Geezus.......
I am sitting here eating Corn Flakes and watching this awesome video! Why the hell am I doing this to me :-)
Looks great! Can't wait to try this myself some day
DUDE!  That is totally low carb, my man!  I am so trying that sauce.  That looked incredible, John.    ~Sam
I am shopping for a sou vie cooker, I've got to try this. Looks great!
HOLY SH!T IT LOOKS SO GOOD!!!!!
Hey I love your videos a lot John.. Do you mind me asking what you do as a career? Thanks!
Fine dining at it's best brother!  Looked amazing!!!
Great sous vide maching John! The presentation of your lobster is stellar! Great looking dish! Classy!
That's just off the hook! Rock On Big John!
Great job John, that lobster looked incredible
Are those plastic bags regular food saver bags that come with vacuum  machine or anything special with them? Thanks
That looks really good. I could almost taste the sauce. Awesome cook.
Speechless, drooling but speechless...... sweet... Bucket list receipt
Pure perfection and class! Great cook John.
This has got to be the best thing you have made in your water cooker thingy, lol. Damn you always make me hungry!
Looks awesome John!
I love this John... next time we were Eat at your place.
whoa mama that looks good! Awesome job!
Omg, this is like my dream Vday meal.  You say your wife doesn't like seafood?   Love the touch with the saffron, John.
John this Lobster recipe was epic, nice job. The sauce looked spot on!
Lord this look's so good! Thanks for your vids! As they give me new ideas and tips with my cooking!
O man now i miss the west coast ! Hell ya
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My wife hates fish so needless to say I don't eat much fish. But I can tell ya' I'd love to try that one day. It looks very scrumptious. Is that a word?
wow gettin tail while the wife is away....suggest you play the lottery
Looks insanely good John.  Karen and I both love lobster, so this is on the list big time!
Your the king of Sous Vide BMS! That looked delicious! Better luck next time hitting the camera :)
Nice little brother, did that without the sauce but the sauce looks killer! I can't believe that you ate both tails without your honey! And I'm 15 minutes away? Wheres the love?
Looks awesome.. I will trust you on the taste.. Cheers
never get tired of your videos
Lobster is soo good when done right, and soo bad when done wrong! Eleven minutes on the grill, no more, no less!! I've said it before, I got to get one of the "sue vee" machines!
Man that looked fantastic! I love all kinds of seafood. You have my mouth watering big time!
I bet I could get some brownie points if I made that for the wife,, Take care
This is a 5 Star meal...thumbs up.
Big meat Sunday, where's the meat? You knew that was coming ;)  Looks great though, maybe I would have browned some butter in a pan, turned rah pan off and then tossed the lobster to get some "roasted" flavor.   Do keep up with the Sous Vide recipes dude :D  Best regards from Denmark  Dennis
I know you will be super jealous but... I just made a gourmet fried egg & cheese sandwich on toast. I know. I know. I rock!!   LOL  Lobster looks so good! I love lobster and this gives me even more ideas,  Thanks and I hope your "winter" is not too harsh.
Well damn there goes my new gun Wife saw this vid now i have to buy her the machine lol     need a season on Big Meat Sunday lol j/k we loved the vid
Lookin good.
That looked great, I love that Sauce too. Seeing that Sous Vide popping up a lot, I really must try this method.
Well, this blows every other method of preparing lobster tails right outa' the water... Pun intended.  Can't resist this; "Low and inside. Ball one". heh heh.
Damn! You fancy, today!
That was amazing John, 20 minutes and that's it. That beurre blanc sauce was to die for!
John this does look fantastic.  Lobster is my favorite.
Oh yum that would taste magnificent. What are you doing having a romantic meal like that on your own without wifey? You send her away for the weekend to indulge in lobster? Lol joke x
I absolutely LOVE your recipes!!! so unique and super duper "pimped up".... LOL - just LOVE IT! May have to try this tonight!
What a decadent meal! The Lobster looks so tender it would just melt in your mouth! I haven't tried Lobster since I was 15 and I'm dying to try it again! Very nice meal and sauce! TFS! Have a good Sunday :)
Nice left coast labstah:)
Killer looking dish John. That sauce must have been excellent with the Saffron and wine reduction. Nice to see you splurging while the wife is away! I would do the same buddy! LOL
Man, that looked awesome! Great job!
I dig it!
BEAST MODE with this RECIPE THUMBS UP man
Awesome recipe and great idea, John!!! The lobster looks fantastic!
