Excellent video! I assume you can do the acid stain for the driveway also?
This is great! But what stain brand did you use?
Ok. Look great. What can we do after the following winter brings sheets of ice and the client ponds it with salt. Damage from heavy salt piping holes in a broom finish on the concrete steps? How to fix ?
Excellent video. Thank you
You sir , you are awesome, love how you explain this in easy understandable.  Thank you very much
Great video but one question.  If you prefer a matt finish, is there a different sealer product or can that step be skipped. This is for a porch.
Just did mine using this tutorial! Awesome results, thanks man keep it up
Hi, what would happen if you don't apply ammonia after staining?
Great vid
What is the cost of the diy method? I had a company want close to $4k
Pete, I'm considering staining and sealing our concrete walkway to our front door, to closely match  a new paver patio.  We live at elevation where we get lots of rain and snow annually.  Do you know if the sealer is necessary?  If used, will it need to be stripped off for reapplication or simply cleaned and recoated?
Share the love moneybags, some of us are starving
How long does it last? Does it chip or peel?
How much would this cost
Excellent video: clear and thorough.  Thanks for the effort.
Looks great ❤
What temp is to hot for the sealer?
Very helpful, thank you!
Two questions, 1, will this kill the plants I've got planted next to my patio?  And 2, my patio has broom marks and I noticed this is a smooth patio.  Any recommendations?
Pete, did you use a highlight color? I'm confused by the description, you said you used a highlight but didn't mention it in the video... Thanks.
Great tutorial on acid staining concrete! Clear instructions and useful tips for achieving a professional-looking finish. Definitely helpful for anyone looking to spruce up their floors or outdoor spaces.
I was with you until the power sander entered the chat. lol
Great job! I plan on following your process. Are there any other recommendations you would have for someone performing this project?
Any advice on run off removal to keep pets from wherever it drains?
Do I have to use a sprayer?
Absolutely beautiful and exactly what I wanted to do in our downstairs basement! Your instructions are great too. Thank you.
What color are you putting on this proyect ?
My concrete was coated with Dry Lok to slow down the curing process. It’s like a thin membrane. I would have to remove that correct?
I broke out laughing when you started cooking dogs on the grill
Should you etch it before the acid stain?
How long it take to dry
Puddles =dark patches   Use a broom to remove puddles
Did you have to do any etching first with muriatic acid?
Great tutorial ! Thank you sir
Where did you buy the acid stain?
Probably the best DIY video I've ever watched
You are the only person I have found to actually explain the products used, so thank you.
Excellent video - just the right length to cover all the basics. Thanks
I notice some people just spray stain and then seal it whereas some spray stain and neutralize it with baking soda and scrub the stain and rinse with water before sealing it. Does both work?
lol bbq break
What about the cracks what do you do for the cracks
Very nice! Thank you for the detail and info 🙌
Was your stain water base?
Nice video Pete!  Can you do the same to driveways or does it make them too slippery when they get wet/snow?
Great video Pete. I wish i had concrete slab to use this on. We are building a raised gravel pad to park our RV on and bordering it with a cinder block wall. In your opinion will this stain work on cinder block? We do not plan on sealing it, just coloring it. Will it retain its color over time? A Gray cinder block look doesn't belong in the middle of the woods. Thank you!!
WOW, looks great..
Love the flip flops. Awesome job
6 years later, I’m watching again for another project
Is the finished product slippery when wet?    Would you be able to add some grit to the sealer and  achieve a safer walking surface?   I am looking to resurface a patio that is next to the pool, and will need to be safe for the kiddos.   Looks great, and thanks for the video.
well done! looks great!
If our house is brick do we need to tape it up regardless?
I watched this video like 10 times already
My sealer turned milky immediately on first quote my I'm scrambling to figure out how to fix it.
Is the surface slippery after sealing? Anything else needed for that?
You’re amazing man
When washing off stain. Is it ok if its poured down the storm drain?
👍👍
Would this be ok for new concrete around a pool?  It doesn't make it slick, does it?
Thanks for sharing. I plan on staining our concrete pit table top a dark walnut color as well. Great stuff.
How slippery is it when wet? Looks great 👍
Thanks for sharing. Great work.I am planning to do the staining to the molded stone pattern to the patio that I am doing to do. I am planning to lay all molded-stone pattern first before staining. Do you think this will work? Have you done similar to this concrete floor pattern?
The mountainous court longitudinally invite because roll increasingly rhyme abaft a divergent gender. slippery, nifty viscose
Hi Pete,  our concrete slab is smooth finished and has turned nearly black.  It has some neat variations and lighter areas and I was wondering if the concrete can still be acid stained with it being so dark already.  Thanks
why would you not fill the holes and cracks in the concrete first
Could you do this to a driveway?
Hi Pete. First, I'd like to thank you for your DIY video, you make it look so easy. I'd get stuck in the middle of the patio as I'm spraying the acid or rolling on the sealer. 🤣 Second, can I acid stain my interior concrete floors after pulling the carpet and linoleum? Or would there too much glue residue to contend with? Opps, I forgot to ask my final question: which brand of acid stain did you use to get that beautiful color? Thank you.
Hi Pete, great video. Is there a way to acid wash concrete around a pool that won’t make it slippery? I have a feeling the final sealant will make it too slippery for a pool area. Any other ideas? Thanks!
Does that sealer make the concrete slippery when it's wet?
Great instructions. I thank you for sharing.
I really like the video, but I wish you had shown a longer view at the end of the finished project, maybe have the camera pan over the whole patio for a few seconds.  I am thinking this will be a nice way to spruce up my back door concrete patio/stoop area.
I used vegetable oil on my stamps as a releasing agent but now have some oil stuck in the concrete. Can I stain over that?
💥Great Video 💥 Question I have a 2 week  old new concrete slab, 24 ×18 , how log should I wait to stain the concrete,  or is it ok to apply now ?? Will you please answer 🙏thank you for your time
Why didn't you seal the cracks up first? The stain won't hide the cracks that well.
I live in the south, and my customer wants this style of floor for her outdoor porch. It is covered, right now our temps are 80-95. . .  does the floor need to stay wet as you are staining the first coat, and what kind of sealer have you used? I thought I saw someone using a water based clear sealer like a minwax type sealer. Yours was perfectly clear and very thin. Thanks
EXCELLENT VIDEO!!!!
I want to do the foundation of my lake cabin like this
I like the color scheme, looks like a rusty color. I don't understand why you spent so much time making it look nice but left the cracks though
You appear to have a hand sprayer when applying from the pump sprayer but you never use it in the video.   What is its purpose?   It looks like full strength stain maybe in it?
No need for primer after cleaning/sanding?
Great video but "DO NOT USE HC CLEAR SEALER". I used this sealer and it's junk. The sealer a milky white not clear. I let my patio dry for three days and then put a coat of this sealer on it. It was in the low 70's that week and it didn't get below 45 degree at night. The sealer looked great the first day but then it turned white all over my patio. I had to use Xylene to strip the sealer off which ruined the stain. Now I did use this sealer on my entrance way to my front door. I put a real thin coat on. That didn't come out as bad and I'm just gonna deal with it.  I would recommend the Superseal 2000 by Concrete Coatings on Amazon. It's not as thick as the HC sealer and the 2000 is actually clear.
Ive been to this video twice! Forgot the steps between front and back patios! LOL
👍
good video, but the chemistry is a little off.  you've sprayed a finite amount of HCl on your concrete.  The HCl reacts with the lime in the concrete.  Once the total mass of HCl has reacted with the available lime (Calcium carbonate), there isn't a lot of point in pouring an alkaline on it to stop the reaction, because the reaction has already stopped due to there being no more acid.  That would be like pouring water on a fire that had already burned itself out.  The time to use the alkaline is while the acid is still reacting with the lime, if you actually want to disrupt that (maybe you didn't dilute your acid as much as you thought, and the concrete is getting darker than you wanted it to get).
I've never seen a wet deck grinder before.  Really.   I think a disclaimer might be indicated here..... Bobevee19.
Oh man this looks amazing!  I was showing my fiancé this technique he was really blown away!  We just recently purchased a house and the front stairs are just plain cement thank goodness 😅!  I can’t wait to do this thank you for this great video!
Of the the videos on YouTube about staining, your is the best. Actually doing my patio today. Thanks for taking the time to do this. It helps us  DIY guys a lot.
Awesome video man thanks
Looks great!   Question:  What special measures should be used when applying process to property in tropical climate?
Great video again.  I actually did this based on you video, a couple of years ago.  Quick question as the sealer seems to be wearing off.  The patio color now looks "greyed" out a bit, and it's loss that initial shine from the sealer.  My question is if it has worn down, can you put new stain on and change the color?
Looks good.  Can you do an acid stain on previously painted concrete...or should I just repaint?
Nice job! Great instruction!
Pete your videos are a always on point! Have done a few of your projects already.  Great job! Is the acid stain a lot different from other concrete stain?
Beautiful work
Well done. Thanks
Hi, can I do this on freshly laid concrete, let's say a week old?
Hi Pete loved your video. I would like to do the same  to my basement  floor which is about 11 months old now. The concrete its very smooth and has some paint stains cause i painted the walls and ceiling. My question is do i really need to rent a sending machine to make the floor rougher or  i can do it without? and  can i use a water based acid stain or i need to use an oil base? thanks
Good video and good info.  It seems that the look of the final finish is kind of better in lower light.  The full sun look didn't look so great to me.  But, after the sealer, I wonder if a coat of something like a shiner or epoxy type of thing would bring it up even more?
Awesome video! Thanks
Would you put down a primer before staining?  We removed the carpet in the living room.   Also ran a floor maintainer and going to do a floor burnisher next...  Question is..  Do I prime before?  I see some do, some don't.   A concrete company told me not to worry about it
Thank you for sharing  It was great information !!!
so you apply second coat and wait 8 hours and then pour ammonia?  I got hungry with the brats and didn't understand that part.
I wonder if this would work on soil cement?
Thanks Pete well done explaining it! Question: Would this process make it water proof? If so can you recommend this finish for a shower? I am an expert plasterer and I can cement level anything including ceilings. Thanks.
Great video.  Question, does the pre-mist apply to water-based stains as well?
Do you have to etch the concrete before staining it?
Very precise video
Looking at doing this project on an existing tan concrete patio. Will the staining process eliminate any existing Efflorescence (White chalky substance) or does that need to be removed before the staining process. If so which product works best to do that. (Have used home remedies like white vinegar and pressure washing to no avail. Thanks Ed
Great video! Thank you! Seems so simple now.
We would really appreciate seeing a better shot of the finished floor to see the entire surface.
Do you have a nice dog? Can see marks/ indentations at 7.14. Great video thanks!
Looks good! Do you have any acid stain brands that a grey? Vivid had mostly brown tones
This is an awesome video Pete! Could you share some tips on doing this for inside the house? I just removed all my carpet from my house because of my kids allergies. I stumbled on you video and am hoping to stain my rooms and living room.
Thanks Pete very informative!
Great job...
Very well explained. I think I'll still hire someone seems like a lot of work.
Nice!!!! Thinking about doing this to my garage floor.
Will the runoff from this project kill nearby mature bushes and shrubs? Great and helpful video!
We're having a new patio poured. How long does the new concrete cure before we can acid stain?
Nice job, thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the great tutorial. I have a question about smoothing out the concrete. If you want some texture for grip on an entrance will the stain look ok if you don't smooth it out?
Cool. But one thing should be modified for safety.  When mixing acid with water ALWAYS put water first and then acid.  Because if it splashes - it splashes what's already in container - if it was water - bit of water gets out, but if it was acid... Anyone can figure it out.
What kind of stain or concrete pigment is best if I want low to no maintenance?
This was a great video. We are trying to get someone to acid stain our back porch.  The porch was originally painted white but is starting to chip and peel away. One guy told us we couldn't acid stain it because it would be almost impossible to get all the paint off in order for it to look good. That make any sense?
thank you
Thanks
Great instructions! Your directions are very clear with many valuable tips!
Great video thank you!
After watching Pete, I think I can do it!
Can you use a regular pump sprayer for the acid stain??
INSPIRED ME!!!!!!!NOW IF I CAN JUST LEARN HOW TO MAKE A CONCRETE PATIO
Very informative. Excellent video.
Love the brats scene, most important part of the video, hard work is only sustainable if we make it fun.  Good work brother.
Good work man, looks great!
Great job on the video Pete! You made it very clear and well explained. Now I'm off to do mine....I'll be watching this video a couple more time while I do it.
Will it be slippery if it gets wet once its sealed and dried?
Great technique and explanation - love this !!!
I would LOVE to upgrade my backyard with this technique. I literally just have a concrete slab for a yard. Gross. This makes it look SUPER classy! :D
This looks beautiful! Can you apply this to concrete foundation? I don’t want to paint my foundation because my neighbor did and his is chipping all over from using his weed eater to trim near the house. I can’t seem to find any foundation specific stain. Thanks!
Awesome video. YOUR ADVICE would be greatly appreciated. Large stamped concrete patio (with an acrylic sealer) left a 15 foot white circle underneath the above ground pool placed on top.  I stripped off acrylic sealer, re acid stained and applied Ecosil water based sealer twice since.  Beautiful color patio when wet.  Ugly light orange when dry. Will oil based sealers (penetrating?) give me darker results (without a white circle).   Local concrete supplier unsure.  Again, your advice would be greatly appreciated,  Brad
can this be done on a "textured " pool deck? )( the type of deck with those lil holes in it?
Great video! Just wondering if you would recommend the same colors or what colors you would recommend for staining a driveway that doesn't show bird droppings, Tire rub marks, dust & dirt, Etc? Thanks!
A new subscriber love your vids! What is a good brand of acid stain to get? Can you mix a dark and lighter color to get a swirl look?
Great job, thank you for the video. I am subscribing 👍
I have no idea if you still check this channel for comments but here's hoping you do. I used a Behr Decorative Concrete Dye kit back in September 2012 on my back patio. It did a fantastic job. I used the Behr Wet Look Sealer on it and every year thereafter, I would put another coating of the sealer on it---with the exception of 2019. Therefore, I have not put the sealer on it since 2018. My patio now looks terrible, which was mostly from my lawn care  people who used their weed wacker around it; thus, chipping at it over the years. They now no longer weed wack around it. I was thinking of just using the same kit all over again and putting some fresh dye on it but I do not believe Home Depot sells that kit any longer since it's not on their site. At this point, I'm not sure what to do. Do you have any suggestions? Thank you.
Nice job thanks
This looks great I need a couple of these
Hey Pete got a question I want to stain entry of house its connected to driveway  dont want to stain it when neutralizing will run off stain driveway
Hi man great video lots of info. Thanks for sharing
Thank you for a very clear instructions  on a Job I'm doing this week in a upscale apartment .
Very helpful video. Thanks for sharing.
Would this product be ok to use on a concrete driveway where an RV will be parked? Will it stand up to tire tread?
FINALLY A GREAT. VID.!!! NO DRAMA " &  ENDLESS YAKATY YAKING" STRAIGHT TO THE  POINT & PRECISE!" THANK YOU FRIEND !"
Great video.! But do you have one on how to do this for an indoor floor stain? Thank you..! 👍😎
I did our bottom floor of our house about six years ago and forgot the process. I watched your video and it all came back to me. We have new cement poured in our backyard and that’s what I’ll be doing. Cheers!
Looks good, how long does the finish last?
Thank you, Thank you for getting straight to what needs to be done.
Any specific GPM or PSI on your pressure washer?
Can you grind the concrete?
Was that just dark walnut? Or did you use another stain with it?
Thank you very much  I will do my driveway that easy  !!👍
How long would this last on a driveway?
Wow you make it look so easy and you explained the steps so well. Thank you!    I just had my front porch and service walk stained and it turned out terrible. I can tell know the guy missed a lot of steps.   Can the sealer be removed to start all over?
Great video. Will stained concrete work on concrete areas with full sun?
Would you notice a difference if the concrete were two different shades of grey after you stained it
My patio is surrounded by grass, so I wonder if would kill the grass?
Thanks for the great explanation I will be doing my first acid stain and now feel like I know what I'm doing
Good work. Thanks for the great video.
You could make a fortune in LA !!!
Pete, THANK YOU for sharing this video. Just a question, I'm fairly good with my hands and tools. How difficult would this be? Were putting in a gorgeous pool and new Duralum patio cover but the decking is concrete and our patio is 20'x50'.. Plus we have a 16'x 150' driveway. Its beautiful but I don't want to get in too Deep and it ends up looking like poop. I have estimates around $4000 and you sure make it look easy:)
I was thinking of doing something like this, except to my basement.  I would put down patterns for etching in grooves, for a look of a slate floor pattern, and then stain the floor about 3-4 different colors for each different "slate piece", ... and then once that is done, groute the etched grooves, ... making it look like a slate floor.  Just haven't done it yet.  Need to sell a couple things first, that are down in my basement!
Can the stain be applied to broom-finished concrete or does it need to trowel-finished (smooth)?
Hello Pete, what do you mean "Highlighted color with coffee stain"?
Thanks Pete... do you know if the sealer changes color or turns yellow due to the sun,  UV rays, etc.?
Hi pete..will this work for patio pavers?
I will definitely give it a try! Thank you for the video!!
Would love to do this, but I've got 4 dogs going in and out all day. Is there a faster way to achieve a nice looking patio?
Exceptional good video.  Thanks much.  You made my job a lot easier.
When we purchased our home the concrete was beautiful but has since lost its shine. Do we have to strip the original acid stain or do we just seal it again to bring that shine and the colors will pop again?
hey pete is this the easiest and cheapest way to stain concrete? I am wanting to do this to my patio and also inside my house to a couple areas.
thanks a lot for the video ! it looks very nice!
Id rather have an epoxie finish coat. Thick and deep.
6:19 I liked the break. Now I am hungry. Going on diet ughhhh.
I have a stamped paint concrete from the 80s.  It's ugly.  Can i do this?? Or does it need to be a concrete color first?
Next time it's a good idea to use an empty 5gal bucket when spraying acid to catch drips
Can a water based sealer be applied after the acid stain.  Interested in using the acid stain on counter tops.
Easy to understand and plausible, even for me!  Great, great teaching for us novices...
If the patio has already been stained a few years back and sealed too at that time. If I need to get it re-stained, how would I remove the sealant and previous stain color; i am planning to use a darker shade of the color so may not need to remove the previous stain; but Sealer needs to be removed. So, please suggest how. Thanks.
I have watched your video daily as I acid wash my garage floor. Thanks, could not have done it without you.
Great Video!  How often do you need to reseal a floor like this?
Can I use "Lemon Ammonia" instead of the clear ammonia?
Hi quick question. Do water based stains need the ammonia application to neutralize?
How do ensure it isn't slippery
Can you mix stain colors? Say a little black added to green
I notice you had cracks in the concrete. How did you prep them before applying the acid stains so they would not show?
How do you think that would hold up on a driveway in the Midwest?  It’d probably look great for a year or two I bet.
can I acid stain my driveway?
Thank you Pete!
Hey Pete, awesome video! Question does this process make the concrete slippery? If so how to prevent it from becoming slippery!
What color stain did you use and will it work on a driveway
I have a few stains when I stained my wooden pergola. Is it possible to remove or do I just get a dark stain?
Thank you guys for sharing this video with us that need a good idea to make our patios more enjoyable very nice work and very professional Thank you!!
Perfect my friend! I found this acid Stain recently! I will use this here in my floors!! Thanks!!
Can you ever stain after a surface has been sealed or does that all need to come off?
Hi there. I want to fill in the concrete seams. How will this effect the process?
I am interested in doing this with an inclosed patio can you help me know what I should do differently.  This will be my first DIY !!!
Great Video...How many quarts or gallons did you use?  What was the square footage of area?   I know it will vary based on how layers I apply, how I apply it, etc.  But I am curious, how much did your project take.  Same question on the sealer.   Again I love the video.
Now put a fence to not see your neighbors lol
If you buy "Spiked Lawn Sandals" @ $18 you can walk on all the wet surfaces. This is important incase you misstep or see a goofed corner or area and need to get to it.
I've read that you should use the ammonia mixture before applying the dye as well to help clean & prep the concrete, do you recommend this or only recommend applying it after to neutralize?
Hey Pete. I followed this, the results were amazing. My girlfriend hosed down the patio today, black spots formed all over stain. Have any idea what I might have done wrong? I’m gonna have to restrain.
Do you need to let the concrete dry after pressure washing? If so, how long?
LOL I love the fact, you broke out with the BBQ and took a actual break ..... Nice work too the finished work, looks great.
You make it look easy enough for me to try this.  Great vid.
This looks bad ass. Thanks for the video.   I am curious; How long those acid staining usually last?  Do you have to keep doing it?
can the water runoff from washing the neutralizing solution stain concrete I do not want stained?
What do you do when rain comes in contact with unsealed acid stain need help !
Pete, if I am staining my garage do I have to stain the entire garage at one time or can I do half and then move stuff and do the other half. Thank you for all your videos you have helped me out a lot
Hi Pete, great video. I am assuming that an outdoor patio will have to be resealed every year like a stamped concrete patio? thanks'
Should I make concrete counter tops and stain them, can I still place super hot pots/pans off the oven/stove without worrying?
Very nice, the video was published 2 years ago, how much you'd charge to stain a patio the same size as the one you did on the video, today, 2017? Thank you.
Question:  If you have already stained garage floor, but have not sealed it, can you go back over it with another color Sprayed on and still look good, allow to dry and apply sealer?  I used a burnt orange color and now think I would like some contrast. Any help would be appreciated, just finished applying burnt orange stain......Boblohr88@aol.com
Looks very nice!
This is actually great for unfinished basements. Saves money on tiling and carpeting, so you can use that money for finishing a bathroom, a bar, and of course and entertainment system for the cave! If you want carpet and tiles later, so can always do that on top, but a big rug with this is a great look too!!
The homeowners are going to be SO confused by their new patio and missing hot dogs when they get home from vacation.  Nice Job.  Signed, God.
Did it!!!  Looks great!!!
Awesome! Wish someone didn't paint our lanai. I would've totally done this instead.
Hi!  Thank you for the informative video!  I am looking forward to doing this DIY project next week :)  I have a question though... our concrete patio was poured last summer and hasn't been sealed yet (so hopefully that will make our lives easier with the stain uptake); however they did do a broom finish to the pad.  Is there anything different we need to do with the broom finish?
Pete, Great job presenting for the common man. Thanks for taking the mystery out of this and making it as easy to do as you know it is. . . given the precautionary statements. Brats were also a good choice!
Hello sir Pete.  How long does it take for each coating of sealer to dry? I know it depends on a lot of factors but an estimate would be very helpful. I don't know if I need to wait 30 mins, 2 hrs or 8 hrs again. Thank you in advance for the help.
Hey there.  I have a machine trowelled garage floor.  I need to prep it for the stain.  Can I use a floor sander to do so and if so, what grit would be best?  80?  Just need to rough it up enough to let the stain penetrate.  I don't see any comments addressing it.  Please advise and thanks!
Your patio looks beautiful! We have a concrete apron around our pool deck that we'd love to do this on, but any suggestions as to how you'd keep the liquids out of the pool?
can this be done to a fresh poured slab?
Hi Pete great video thank you and by any chance I no you can't recommend anything but what did you use for your floor for the stain brand wise thank you
This was awesome. My concrete patio does not have a cover. How long might this staining look good before the sun and the weather take a toll?
great video, brats looked good
I love your videos, Pete.
Thanks Pete.  What are your thoughts on blending an accent color with the base (DirectColors, inc. english red/desert amber)?  Also, when testing a small area where do you do this when our concrete patio is visible to people?  Thanks!
thank you for the video. came out so beautiful..
you my friend are a genious
what are the names of the stain maker, and sealer maker please???
what would u estimate all those supplies be to do this particularly the acid stain
They stained and sealed my backyard patio but was not satisifed with the results. Can I re-apply the acid stain on my patio?
can i do this to craked/rough concrete
Question for ya: Could you use two different stain colors together? thanks
If my patio was already stained is there another step to remove the original stain or can I just stain over the original stain?
I think I want to do a multi colored calico patio.  A base color light sandstone, some sort of red and a chocolate or cocoa color random blotches.  (20x20 area).... Will one color give me the variegated look I want or is the concrete going to give me a solid color appearance.  I definitely do not want  the look of a solid "color added" concrete slab.   I want assorted hues of tans, reds,  browns.
Hi pete, thanks for uploading this video. I have a question. Can you apply this acid stain on normal concrete that is allready in the house? or do you need to put first another kind of concrete on the normal concrete floot thats already there? I am sorry for my bad english. kind regards alicia
Would  mixing 2 or more constrations work? or even 2 different colors of stain work?  Larger rollers can be used to reduce time.
I've watched numerous videos to learn how to acid-stain my kitchen floor properly. This one, by far, offers the clearest instructions on how to do the job. Thanks for uploading an informative video that was fun to watch.
Pete great video! I have oil stains any recommendations on how to putt them out or beat them in deep enough for acid to still stain? Also if I just power wash and etch will the stain just be darker over the oil spots? Thanks keep up the good work!
Very nice! Good job and helpful tutorial!
Thanks!
And thank you so much for the other answers..
I'm sorry for all the questions I just have one more is it better to use a sprayer for the sealer or  the roller the reason why I was asking is because I was thinking if I use a roller I will have  to use more gallons of sealer?
And also was wondering what kind of pump spray would be good to get I've looked at some but there's so many different ones and different reviews
Hi I've applied the acid stain the only thing is I'm not sure what roller I'm supposed to use for the concrete sealer can you help please thank you
Great video, Pete. On newly poured concrete is that full cleaning process, i.e. the degreaser still necessary?
I've been looking to do this long time ago but I don't now how, with your video I'm sure that I can do it now, Thank you very much.  I love it! great job
Thanks for the video! I would like to use this process on my basement floor.. are there any adjustments that you would suggest? Should I be concerned about fumes in the house at all?
Man, that looks great.  Wife and I are looking at doing something similar to our indoor floors.  Thanks for an informative overview.
I just suscribe... two questions one can it be use inside ???? Two what can I use to make it shinier ??? Thanks keep up the good work
does anyone know if you can stain self leveling compound . ??
about how much in products for the job?
Dude, killer video, exactly what I needed! I just put down the first coat and can't want to see the finish project. Thanks a million!
this is so nice! thanks for your videos!
Hi Pete, After I cleaned the concrete, it failed the water absorption test. Do you recommend etching the concrete or will the acid stain still absorb into the concrete?
One of the clearest, best-explained DIY videos I've seen. Period. Outstanding job.
Great video! I just poured new concrete...how long should I wait till I do this?? Thanks!
The concrete slab I want to stain is located under two very large oak trees and requires power washing a couple times a year to keep it looking good.  How will this acid stain hold up to power washing?
Pete, after cleaning the patio as described, how long do I have to wait before applying the stain? (I'm using the Scoffield LIthochrome Chemstain.  thx
Hello Pete, I would like to call you if it is ok, I try to stain my concrete and din't co to well wagner1968@yahoo.com Thanks
great video....really enjoyed it and learned a lot...thanks....
awesome video loved it!
Great video.  Really excited to try.  Would this work on a concrete basketball court?  It has a raised finish so there is no slipping.  Any thoughts or advice would be super helpful!  Thanks:)
Thanks Pete...good stuff...
thank you very much for your information it makes me very happy
Thanks for the info.  I'll do more research with the link you provided
Can you pressure wash it later on for basic cleaning ?
Looks great...going forward, how is it going to hold up If it gets dirty and I have to powerwash it in the future to clean it?
Beautiful
Would this work with indoor concrete? Or is there a different method?
Great video, Pete!  One question, does the estimated coverage (for stain) from the manufacturer seem correct?  I saw you diluted stain to ease into the color you wanted.  I'm planning to do 1200 sq ft shop floor and I'm trying to estimate how much it will cost in materials.
great video, just put in a new pool, cement contacter want a ridiculous amount to color and stamp, can my  pool decks be acid stained?, if so any special sealers for safety when wet?, how long does the deck have to age before staining?, thanks
great tips for first time doers.
hey Pete what brand of oil based sealer did you use?  thanks
hey Pete what brand of stain and color is that?  thanks
👍😍👍
after my house is finished being built are do this to the back patio
Hey Pete, you inspired us to stain our patio.  It turned out great and thank you for great info.
Hi - your video and instructions are great, thanks!  A few quick questions:  My patio has grass all around it.  During the neutralization stage with ammonia water - is it safe to have that ammonia water rinsed onto the grass? If not, any ideas how to handle that?  Likewise, when I rinse with water, does some of that acid color rinse with the water and stain the color of the grass?   My last question is about clean up - how to you suggest cleaning up the sprayer and any brushes that were used for the acid stain?  do you have to throw them away after or is there a way to safely clean them? thanks!
Great video. Now come to NYC and do my deck,lol.
My Bad, Dark Walnut. Duh! Thanks Pete!!!!
Hey Pete, what color is that?
i have a pool patio that we had tried to do cooldecking but it was done wrong and it cracked everywhere. We are considering an acid stain as an option to avoid ripping up the whole thing. We live in the northeast. Is this a viable option?
Very good instruction
Pete.  How long after the stain is applied do you use the neutralizer? Is it after the full 8 hours of dry time? I think the words you used were "after letting the stain sit" around 6:8 into the video.
one a more serious note. my patio had some carpet ... yes carpet, I pulled it off cleaned as much as possible , however I still have some glue, I had used hand scraper, goof off etc. can I still stain on top of it? please help?
really nice job< are you single ? lol fix and grill? really nice collor
Hi Pete does acid stain penetrate in to the concrete to any depth as I'm looking to polish the concrete afterwards for a counter top. Would this work or am I just gonna clean the stain off? Love your deck by the way
Wow! Turned out gorgeous!! I've watched a LOT of these types of how to videos and I must tell you thank you for theses easy to follow instructions. So many other videos out there aren't so easy to follow!!! This is awesome and I cannot wait to try it. Do you think I can use a stencil pattern while using your technique?!! Again, great video Pete!!!
Does it matter the finish of the concrete? mine is not a smooth finish.
Can you give the list of products that you used for this project..??
This is awesome, we will be staining some stairs, and our contractor says it really hard to get good results (no drips, no pools of color, and no spots.....) I am determined to find someone who has techniques to not let this happen.  You made it look easy....is there a way to do steps without getting drips and/or pooling or that white spotted look?
The previous owners  didn't put a vapor barrier down under our concrete porch so it sweats a lot. Also it has been sealed. Will this technique work on my porch?
Thank you for this informative video.  I'm inspired to try this now!  I have a question about the concrete surface.  my patio has a brushed surface, not smooth.  You mention in the video using a polisher to smooth the surface.  is this required for the entire patio, or was that just for the area with paint?  thanks!
Hi Pete, I'm about to acid stain my basement floor. But I was wondering, can I stain everything so it looks uniform then seal it later? I will be adding bedroom walls, but I'd rather not have work done on top of sealant/wax. And yet, I like the idea of actually staining the floors without and barriers in my way. What do you think?
Excellent easy to follow instructions.  I am definitely going to give it a try.  Thank you!
yes, this is very helpful.   AR
Best video tks much for teaching us in a simple way how we can do this... our question is when we apply the sealer , will the floor be slippery ? If yes is there anything we can do to avoid that? We want to do this in a rustic bathroom floor are are afraid to be too slippery.  If we don't use the sealer will the stain fade it away overtime? Tks
That was great!  I hate boring concrete!  :-)
Can you do a driveway the same way? Also if the driveway has some cracks that accumulate debris, should the cracks be sealed (or driveway resurfaced) before acid staining? If yes, would the acid stain eat away the driveway re sealer?
Hey DIY Pete.  Do you know why when you mop the epoxy topcoat on an acid stained concrete floor it turns white or cloudy?  Of course you should be able to mop the etched and sealed floor.
One of the best tutorial videos I've seen!  Just had one question can I used any pump sprayer? I have a couple that I use to spray roundup around my yard. Can I use those?
can this all be done in one day if started early?
you make this seem so easy! I've been trying to talk hubby into staining our large concrete patio ~ maybe if I show him your video.....wish me luck! Yours came out beautifully!
Great video Pete! Thanks for the info. I was curious if you have done a similar staining process on cider block? The sides of my patio are cinder block with a concrete cap. Will the cinder blocks take the stain ok or will it come out too blotchy. Color is very similar to what you used here. Thanks again!
thanks so much Pete, really good info and really good video. ..
Hello Pete,  was just wondering why you didn't explain what that spray bottle with some dark liquid is,?? you're carrying this spray bottle while applying the acid stain??.I'm assuming is undiluted acid stain and you used it to make those scattered darker spots on the concrete?? please explain I want to do my patio but I do wanted to come out like yours, so it will b greatly appreciated. .thanks
I had a 10'x7' concrete patio. A few days ago, I just had new concrete poured to make it about 17'x20'. The old piece is still there, so I know it wont be the same exact color. I want to do the staining, but I'm afraid the 2 pieces will look a different shade unless primed or something. What would you recommend I do before the staining so that it all comes out the same color? Also, I live in Arizona, so it's too hot to do that now. The roof will be done this week, and the concrete will be ready to work on. Will it be okay if I wait until October or November to stain and seal it?
please do a diy video for a CD rack out of wood! :)
To add 2 different colors with one being a border it takes 2 different stains.
great video! thanks pete!
Really cool Pete, have never seen this before. Thanks for sharing!
Awesome tutorial Pete, clear steps that anyone can follow. Turned out great!
Awesome as usual.  I would love to see you do a multiple color job, perhaps on a concrete kitchen/bathroom counter!
Nice! Very informative and well edited, Pete. Thanks!
Very nicely done and great video as always Pete! If I wasnt renting I would have already done this, grey is so boring, lol! Keep up the great work!
How would I lock in some small shell rock that was used on a drive & patio? It tracks into the house & washes away in the rain. I was thinking just sifting Quikrete then just wet it all down & set up. Would that work? What kind should I use? Thanks Patrick
Nice job Pete. It Looks great!  Douglas
Very Nice!
