*Welcome to cast iron cooking! I also do cast iron seasoning, and cast iron maintenance. On my cast iron cooking channel I keep it real, and I teach easy to cook recipes with food you already have at home. Please subscribe if this sounds like what you are looking for, and you like my videos. Share my videos on social media like Facebook so we can spread the cast iron fever, and get away from Teflon coated cookware. Cast iron cookware is Americana, let's preserve our American heritage! I have skillets over 100 yrs old, just imagine the stories they could tell if they could talk!*
The skillet I got from my dad was so badly taken care of that it had a 1/4 inch thick carbon layer on the outside and thin carbon layer on the frying surface, it really looked like the moon. I ended up having to sand it down and restart from scratch.
On that Wagner with the drip marks, can that be turned around? How would you go about doing that? Thanks. Subscribed.
I bought one but hell, they should be banned for polluting the planet (6 times to season on full power?!!) I would stick with Tefal or something now
Ahhhhh very helpful.  I never have wiped it off that well and get that pattern like u had with the rookie way
I heard from a You Tuber who seasons cast iron skillets; after the final seasoning slice potatoes across so they are large flat ovals and fry them in lard cooking oil. The starch in the potatoes will help with setting the seasoning into the pan.
Wagner is my favorite cast iron.  I have a 10 inch rescue skillet that was rusty and had to be researched.  Excellent video!
Wipe it off like you didn’t even want it there in the first place
Hi! Should it be baked for 1 hour, but with 500F or 500°?
is there a way to restore the small one?
What kind of paper towels are you using?
So you oil it and cook it for 1 hourX6???
You’re the man
Fried chicken....
What about coconut oil to season?!
Thanks so much for these videos.
I have followed your plan on seasoning all my 6 wagner cast iron pans and baked them 6 times.  They weren't very bad to begin with, but of course they needed to be re seasoned.  I am still having with issues frying eggs in my small wagner.  This particular pan was really mirrored nicely after all the baking, however the eggs still stick and it's very frustrating.  Just about 2 months ago before seasoning, this pan rarely stuck while frying an egg.  Let me know what to do, I welcome your advice.  Thanks.
Can I use avacado oil?  If you leave too much oil on when you season it have you ruined the pan?  Thanks for the video!
Once its seasoned,how do you suggest cleaning?
Thank you for your cast iron and stainless steel seasoning videos. I bought a used Emeril  large sauce pan. I used it for the first time. And when I did.d The sauce burned and stuck to the pan. Since it was used and new for me. I am going to give  " The SIX  PACK" seasoning treatment. As well as restoring an old handed down cast iron.
I just got a seasoned lodge cast iron for Christmas and it doesn’t seem near as smooth looking as yours so I’m gonna season it tomorrow. I assume I should melt the lard before wiping it in so that it’s the same texture as the flax oil?
Is crisco okay for seasoning? I ask cause I don’t like the smell of flaxseed.
I have a Lodge skillet I’ve used for several years. I wanted a nonstick surface so I followed the steps in this video. But first I scrubbed it to remove old seasoning & any rust. I have completed this process and my skillet looks nothing close to the one in the video. The surface shines but is still rough. I was diligent in removing excess oil. Any advice is welcome.
Hey thanks for the video. Do you have to cool the pan down each and every time when you put the oil on? Or do you just pull it out of the oven then put another coat on then put it back in for an hour?
What's Lard? Sorry, never heard that before. Don't know what type of oil it is.
6 times??????
Love your videos; keep them coming! :)
I've heard so much about heating Flax seed as a cooking oil and how it's not going for our bodies. Ie Flaxseed should only be used for salads. So I'm using Avocado Oil. And I'm new to cast iron cooking. Thoughts?
your skillet is smooth as a baby's bum, my brand new one is grainy and rough as hell. was supposed to be "pre-seasoned" but I washed it and re-seasoned it anyway. did a couple of steaks in it and tried to do some eggs that just decided to become part of the skillet. I'm waiting for some flaxseed oil to arrive and I will try again. in the meantime, do I need to worry about the sandpaper effect of the skillet or will a few good seasonings sort that out?
You should post a video that shows (step by step) of how to recondition a cast iron skillet that was messed-up while trying to season it. You showed an example of a small skillet that was done by you (improperly) when you were a newbie, showing drip marks. You should use something like that to demonstrate the process of reconditioning. I have one that looks exactly like it, that needs to be reconditioned. Mine might be worse. Really hard flat carbon deposits on mine though. Any suggestions? Heavy duty wire brush first?
How often do you recommend doing this seasoning process?
Are you suppose to season when you buy or every timenyou use and clean?
Cast Iron Cooking; *no need to Heat the pan up a little before applying the the oil,* right ? I'm new to this stuff...I'd bought some new Lodge cast-iron items....pans, including a Loaf-pan   I'd been procrastinating seasoning the pans for a while and I came accross your channel just at the right time ..1 day before i was about to season them.  This was a great vid man....Thanks for sharing your experience & info
pancakes
do you have put the oil on all six times as well?
Do you have to preheat pan before applying flaxseed oil?
Just to clarify, is each of the six cycles an hour each?   Thanks! -david
500 Celsius or Fahrenheit? My owen cant do 500 Celsius only 320....
Great video.  However I had to start over and baked all the previous seasoning off during cleaning the oven.  OMG rust appeared.  I think some instructions on how to get the pan ready for the oil would be something I would be interested in.
My gratitude for giving me the courage not to give up on my pans. I will start the proces tomorrow. Blessings 🤗
Hi i got a griddle which was brand new, and wife kept it on burner and fogot to switch off the stove for like 2 hrs, so i washed it, scrubbed it seasoned it but without wiping as just bumped into your video. So now the griddle had got drip marks at the outer round. I tried scrubbing but still plenty of marks still remain. Now i got the lard can I follow your process or i need to get rid of the drip marks first? If so how?
I heard that no matter how many times you season the pan, it is impossible for food to stick without oil.  True?
But which one is better to seasoning the skillet the flax seed oil or the lard ? Or it dose not matter is there any differences ?
What kind of paper towels did you use?
You saved me! I mean my cast iron skillet! I was seasoning it wrong so all the food was sticking. I started over again and when you said "wipe that off as if it was never ment to be there" I did!! and I did this 6 times in 2 days and...It worked!! I could finally flip an egg without it sticking and have some fine seared meat in one piece!  I will never thank you enough! Thank you very very very very much!!
Oh boy, have we been doing this all wrong!?!?  I had no idea seasoning cast iron was far more of a production than I thought!  We have a few cast iron pans, one we use regularly, but we've never seasoned it this way and no doubt, should.  Is it possible to do your process even on pans that we've used but never seasoned properly (the way you do it - 6 times!!?)?  Thanks so much!
Great vids brother, straight forward and informative...👍
Hi.  So glad I came across this channel recently.  My pan is ready to be re-seasoned and I’d like to do it this way.  Before I do, would you recommend I clean it first to remove some of the previous oils, or just give it a good scrape and then follow the video as it is?  Thanks, your stainless steel video helped tons
The best thing is going to thrift stores or second hand shops and finding rusty cast iron that they practically give away for maybe a couple dollars thinking that it's junk that can never be used again. Take it home, clean it up, season it and you've got another pan for life and for your family for generations, can't beat cast iron.
That uses a lot of electricity
Arrived today a greatergoods cast iron skillet 10 inch.  And i  bought the organic flaxseed oil.  its in the oven right now    2nd run  4 to go.  doing it yur way.   they seasoned it at the factory with flaxseed oil.
cook a bunch of potatoes,peppers and onions!  add scrambled eggs at the end  and bam   awesome breakfast!!
Hey there! I just bought a 10” Lodge that came “pre-seasoned” however it looks nothing like your mirror finish. I was thinking about doing your method for 2 or 3 cycles instead of the six you’ve demonstrated. Is this a bad idea?
Don't sound so enthusiastic..
Thanks for good instructions. So, I have a cast iron pan that looks like your wagner, after I didn't wipe completely. Is there a way to fix it?
Why’s everyone I watch on YouTube start by saying I’m going to show you the right way to season cast iron. Then they all do it different and say it’s the best way to do it ?
Hi, I am totally new to the cast iron cooking world and I have watched some videos and read the instructions that came with one of my cast iron skillets and it said I could use vegetable shortening. So can I use my veggie shortening and it still turn out the same? I only seasoned one time wit it and tried to cook eggs with olive oil and it made it pretty sticky afterwards. Help!! :)
if i don't use my cast iron for so many days, the time i cook eggs it colors like cast iron... is it still safe to eat the egg?
how do you season your cast iron if you don't have oven?
Instead of flaxseed, could I use mineral oil? Also your pan looks nice and smooth, what brand and size is this? I am a fan of your's, you really know your stuff.
how long should this last if I'm going to season it 6 times?
Good video but still have a problem. Today I cooked bacon and when done I tried to cook eggs. Bacon left crumbs on bottom of pan and eggs stuck. Do you have to use separate pan for eggs and one for bacon. Think I have seasoned the pans correctly. What temperature should I do bacon and eggs?
So I just finished the first round of seasoning on a lodge skillet that I’ve used previously. I’m seeing some red rust around the inner surface of the skillet side circumferentially. The cooking surface is also kind of “matte” looking. Should I have removed all of the prior seasoning before reseasoning?
I Was Told You Have to Put Salt on it...Is This Neccessary?
So you did that 6 times? 6 hrs?
Very informative video. You say that you don't have to complete all 6 seasoning sessions at once. Can you cook with it in between your 6 seasoning sessions?
Curious, why do you shake the flax oil? I have used flax oil for a long time now and have never seen anywhere that it has to be shaken up before it is used.
How would you fix the one that’s “bad” with the drip marks? Unfortunately that’s how mine turned out! I wish I would’ve watched this one first.
Will this cause my smoke alarm to go off?
Do you put more lard on it each of the six times? Or just wipe and bake over and over?
What was the name of the paper towels? Sorry, couldn't understand him.
Hi great video. Did you have your pan upside down in the over or right side up? Thanks
following!
I seasoned my cast iron pan after watching your video. Used coconut oil. Works great! Thanks a lot!
I just got my cast iron skillet, I've just made my 2nd meal in it. Mine seems to be VERY heavy & "rough" surfaced. Are they eventually supposed to be smoother with use/age ? I will get some flax seed oil.  These are the ones that hubby got me ("Amsha pre-seasoned Set of 2 Heavy Duty ones on Amazon), I seasoned it once so far by rubbing veg oil & baking for 1 hr at 350. But I will try your method now.
Did I miss something? do you take the pan out to cool off completely each time or co0l off in the oven each time?
Do you have an Instagram or FB page?
Just started using cast iron pans. Want to learn how to use them.  Before seeing your video, did a oven seasoning of one coat with flaxseed oil. Was that ok. Bought lodge products with some seasoning.  Want to do a beef or pork roast in it but worried about using water. Would I gave to reseal on it?
Just started using cast iron pans. Want to learn how to use them.  Before seeing your video, did a oven seasoning of one coat with flaxseed oil. Was that ok. Bought lodge products with some seasoning.  Want to do a beef or pork roast in it but worried about using water. Would I gave to reseal on it?
Just started using cast iron pans. Want to learn how to use them.  Before seeing your video, did a oven seasoning of one coat with flaxseed oil. Was that ok. Bought lodge products with some seasoning.  Want to do a beef or pork roast in it but worried about using water. Would I gave to reseal on it?
Just started using cast iron pans. Want to learn how to use them.  Before seeing your video, did a oven seasoning of one coat with flaxseed oil. Was that ok. Bought lodge products with some seasoning.  Want to do a beef or pork roast in it but worried about using water. Would I gave to reseal on it?
I did exactly what you said, flax oil plus 6 times in oven repeated. Just made eggs on it and they stuck immediately. Had to scrape them off on low heat. Even bread stuck to it
I'm a subscriber and a big fan of your channel.  I have a question that I hope you'll have a moment to answer.  I have a couple of Lodge skillets that I use regularly for around 2 years.  I originally did the Crisco shortening/oven thing on them and I still put the Crisco on from time to time on the stove top.  Between uses, I generally heat them after cleaning and coat them lightly with olive oil.  I use them 4-5 times a week.  My skillets have developed a decent finish on them but I can still feel the original texture a little bit.  My question: If I want to do a flax seed season on them, is it necessary to strip off all the old seasoning first or can I bake the flax seed on right over it?
I made your rookie mistake of not wiping the oil off, before watching this great video. Do you recommend I remove the coating and start again from the bare cast iron?
I wonder if coconut oil can be use to season cast iron?
i'm guessing for the "bad" pan you have to strip and restart correct?  do you get any smell from the oil when in the oven seasoning? also where did you get the glove? or type of glove?
I have that exact same Wagner Ware #8 deep skillet you were working with. It is a jewel! I got mine from a flea market for $15.00. Thank you for sharing this information. I think your method is tried and true! New subscriber here!
Out of curiosity, when you describe the error you made when seasoning the Wagner, is there a way for you to redo it and get it back to good?
Im new to using Cast iron and I’m buying a brand new Cast iron pan, do I need to season it 6 times before using it the first time, when will I know when it needs to be seasoned? Which is better Lard or flaxseed oil. So I looked at your lodge scraper review video and notice while cleaning the pan you didn’t use dishsoap so I wonder I don’t need to was with dishsoap just plain warm water and the scraper? Every time I use the pan and wash it do I need to season it? Thanks I just subscribed.
I will have to stick to lard. My oven doesn't go high enough for the flax seed method.
Wipe it off like you never wanted it on there - that's the part everyone screws up.  I hear a lot of people complaining because they season and the seasoning flakes off after a couple uses.  This is why.  The seasoning layer needs to be impregnated into the metal, and if it is too thick it can't get into the iron.
Good informational video. I just bought a new 10" Cast Iron Skillet the other day and need to season it. I might be a rookie, lol. Thank you for sharing. New Subbie Here! Thumbs up!
I still need to get one :)  Yeah, I am afraid of having a nasty one.....  Red is bad.  six times?  Cool.  Looks good.
My mother in law gave me a last iron pan that had been "seasoned" in a camp fire. Its sticky and gross so I'm in the process of scrubbing it down. Red is starting to come through and I think it's heat damage. :(  Should I fool with continuing to scrub and season? Or is it a lost cause?
Thats some nice iron. What is it??? I need to know!!! Never mind ...I watched the rest of the video...WeaverWare #8 Chicken Fryer.
Nice video and good instructions, but I'm missing one detail.  Do you let it cool in the oven, or out of the oven?   Also, I thought you weren't supposed to heat flax oil. Is it okay to heat it here because it is just coating the pan? I've never understood if heating flax oil just destroys its nutrients (which wouldn't matter here) or it somehow produces something harmful.
How do you clean a old well used C I skillet with lots gouging?
I spray paint all of my cast iron cookware with Rustoleum BBQ & Stove paint and now I never have to season again and they are dishwasher safe.
Great video! What kind of lard can I use?
my older inherited cast-iron is as smooth as glass & it seems like it cooks better
Hey cast-iron, if you've bought any new cast-iron for yourself with the rough finish, do you sand & polish it down smooth & reseal it?  or do you use it as it is?  which is better?
most informative & excellent vid.  I need to do this to a couple of mine i inherited
Where can I buy that oil?
Been Looking for that chicken fryer. Mine picked up a leak.....
Happy 4th of July!!Love your videos,will always be your long time fan!:)
Thats cool! I heard about using Flaxseed oil but never used it myself. Different method than mine but it obviously works as i have seen your other videos and your stuff works fine. You got my thumbs up :)
So could you not scrub with steel wool, and do the 6 coats on the Bad pan to make it shine?
Thanks for doing this video it helps!  And I love how your videos are organized now!
Thanks so much for shouting me out man! I really appreciate it :) :) :)
Real nice and smooth. Cool.
I would have done a close up of that oil, but awesome video buddy!!! I'd love a veg recipe next time ;)
Boy I thought mine were in good shape till I saw how yours came out. I've never gone more than 3 times with one and have always used lard. Next rainy day I guess I got a project. Awesome video Mike.
Excellent video!!  Way too much bad info out there.
Hey! I have new Lodge it is very rusty after I took out original seasoning. Surface kinda grainy, but clean; what I need to do to smooth the surface like on you skillet, please?
