How about that Jamie Carragher impression LMAO!!🤣
Why abandon formation? Cause this formation might get the team relegated. Just agenda's by all these youtubers. We have seen it before where a team sets up for a certain time until all the transfers are made
Casemiro, Rashford, Antony... who the hell is going to be dumb enough to pay a transfer fee and/or those wages for any of those guys?
When is the panic button hitting?? Relegation is on the rise now….
RVN was doing ok in his 5/6 game stint …why change?
Did Glazer instantly take 3/4 of the billion they paid for the club straight out? 17:57
What Squad is worse: Mourinio’s 2nd Amrim’s now?  After a billion spent 10:48 10:48
Poor old Ragnick clearly stated the problem when he was in charge. He talked about the club needing "open heart surgery". He also said that it would only take 2-3 transfer windows. If the club got its finger out, counting the current window as the first of these three windows, by January 2026 the surgery could be complete! But we are nearing the end of this window and nobody has been moved out and nobody has come in! What's going on? If it's cash, the combined wages of Rashford, Casemiro, Shaw and Mount must be over £3 million a month. Wouldn't it make sense to give them all free transfers and get the wage bill down?
Morning, is Amorin the only world class assest utd have?
Should have got Amorim in later for the summer but getting him halfway thru this season, you have created Interim instead who might be thrown under the bus.
How do you solve a problem like united. Get deadwood out even if it means sacking them brake financial fair play rules, take the point's deduction, and buy every player amorim wants now
Reckon the now or never for Amorim was because they knew if it went to summer that he was going to city?
Why upset the apple cart when the owners see 70k crowd ! Basically club owners don’t really care …
Could we have whole numbers for the ratings please. If a player doesn't deserve a 6 it should just be a 5. The players don't deserve the luxury of decimilisation; particularly when we are getting decimated ourselves.
Will need to start putting backs to the wall and parking the bus to grind out the points. Let him expirment over the Summer in the UNLIKELY event that he is still there.
How can we create chances when the ball isn't moved forward quick keep passing back in our own half
What manunited need is to bring a bunch of players with no big names and no big price tags...   Two seasons of doing that in repeat will produce at least 5 players that you can build a team around....   Now start getting high profile names
How the f@ck did you get a point off us? Liverpool should have destroyed this Utd side. We really sh1t the bed in that game. Amorim is lost, he can't make a pie out of a cowpat.
Soft Lad please advise your pond subscribers who you are going to buy and sell in JAN ????
I don't know any football manager who would want to manage MU! Ruud might be available soon or Graham Potter?
Intelligently speaking then, man Utd needs to evaluate each current player, on how many places in the premier league there contributing, hey uh?
Do you still think we are going to win the europa league? But you call some fans are delusional 🤔🤣
Ok so you criticised those who suggested to play with 4 defenders at the back but you're thinking we should get a left back. Left back in a 3 defenders system??
What do except. Amorim is shite.this manager can't win against Sunday league team.plz ineos give him life tym contract 😅😅😅😅😅
to be fair what club in their right mind would take antony or casemiro in their current form???
What choice does Amorim have, just stop whinging and let him get on with the job.
BACK 4!! BACK 4!! BACK 4!! Garry?
When do the protests start. They will only listen when the pain for the club becomes great enough and inflicted by the fans.
Why stubbornness can’t be criticised ? Amorim stubbornness on Rashford costed this team a few wins because he left out the player that can finish chances
Is there any other players in the UK who have won more Champions Leagues than Casemiro?
Is there any other team in the UK with an £81m midfielder?
Is there any other club in Europe with a £50m goalkeeper?
What's wrong with mighty Manchester United ?
Is Amorim the answer though? Big build up for him but he’s never had to deal with anything as bad as this. I hope he doesn’t become the victim in a long list of failed managers. Hope he can pull this around although it’s beginning to look doubtful
@the United Stand why i cant see my replies to other persons?
What was the Welsh impression on 4 mins in aid of?
What happened to all the optimism after the draw at Anfield and the shitshow result against Southampton?
If this co-ownership is not willing to bring in new players that suit Amorim's formation and tactics, then what was the point of hiring him in the first place?
Yes we obviously need new players..but to push us higher than last season’s finish, not to keep us safe from relegation..How bad does this have to get before we start questioning why we’re doing so much worse with the same group of players with much fewer injuries than ETH had to deal with?
Pogbas the problem  Ronaldos then problem  Fred is the problem Maguires the problem  Sanchos rhe problem Rashfords the problem  Ten hags the problem   What is the fuxking PROBELM????
Have all the raining sessions you need Amorim, you wont fix this current squad.
I'm almost glad when we get turned over now. Enough is enough!  Big Jim and his Glazer mates can all fk off right now!!! Where's the green and gold shirts and scarves? Where's the Glazers Out movement gone? Are the Revolutionaries eating prawn sandwiches?
Does anyone think we should have hired Nuno Espírito Santo instead of ETH at the time? Nuno was free agent at the time, and now he is in 2nd place with fucking Nottingham Forest! Why do we keep hiring managers with zero Premier League experience, man!
So Ten Hag was the problem?
How long before the ‘We are Manchester United’ caveat doesn’t hold any weight
How the fck can you win anything with a crud keeper.
The less successful we are, the more it hits our owners in the pocket, and the sooner they'll be gone. I can't believe that I'm thinking like this, but is this the only way to eventually get back to the top table?
Just play Amad and Amass at wing back, how much worse can it get?
Is there any chance we sell garnacho and buy mitoma
Elanga was brilliant for forest again today ,£15 million and antony on the other hand ?
When you look at the games Utd have in April/May, they are in trouble.
Are Man United going to buy anyone
Did you see Yoro fronting up Marsh at the end? Clear as daylight this young talent regrets joining us and how can you blame him
What are you talking about left back? 3 5 2  makes sense with no left back. You don't need left back stop talking left back; think you should be left back.
What happened to the most inform club in Europe?😂
How much more can we as fans take. Im sick to the bottom of my stomach
Why don’t you blame Ten Hag for buying these bad players
How can mark say the players are playing too much football.. look at the youngsters at clubs like Barca. They Play almost every game for club and country. They’re also the best players for both.
When they got rid of ashworth I knew it was a shambles
When onana first came he kept leaving his line and kept getting chipped and he changed what he was meant to be. He’s the only entertaining player we have so that’s one thing he’s got
Was so bad he thought they were playing Brentford 🤣🤣
Didn't  take long. "Wer'e Manchester United ". Alway's the same with United fan's,as if your something special,above every other club.Let's not pretend they have always been a powerhouse of english football.Most of their success came from a legendary manager.Before Fergie Everton had more title's."Wer'e Manchester United ". Pathetic.
Why didn't United buy Rutter from Leeds? Best player on the pitch today.
Guys are ugarte and mainoo good players ??
Let's say no one comes in this month. Are we really selling half the squad and buying 10 in the summer?
Could do with a good sporting director to help in the transfer window, someone like……Dan Ashworth! oh hang on we fucking sacked him. INEOS have never run a successful sports team, trashed team sky and Nice are bang average in a farmers league
Should have kept mctominay. At least the lad played with his heart for the badge. No passion no aggression no pride in wearing that shirt from some of those players. Onana needs to go. Too many errors from him since last season.
What are you on about? This is the best squad we have. You don't want to sell anyone in this team. So who are you pulling out. To put someone new in.
Hard to credit the players today.  Our attack and midfield is crap. Creates nothing. No runs for each other. No surprises and creativity in this squad. Play the Youth and develop. How Can Harry Amass not Play?
How can these owners just sit and watch this its slowly got worse and worse over the years they need to go
When you realize that Amorim is a fraud you'll be in the Championship
Where are the prats from yesterday attacking Mark for saying there is no service to Hojlund? Did you see Zirkzzi today?  El Moranos = Morons, in Spanish :)
Is Amoriim actually better than ETH?
