Why is this multi millionaire landlord pretending he is just a farmer?
Could you give us your views on glyphosate resistant crops and the health dangers?  According to the International Agency of Research for Cancer (IARC) Glyphosate is said to be carcinogenic causing cancers & tumours in humans. It is already banned in Europe & now many Councils are choosing against using Glyphosate in public places
Didn't realise that red tractor was linked to everything. I do try to buy redtractor meat etc. when I'm given the choice but I didn't realise it was also part of bulk wheat etc. too crazy that it's not a premium. Good luck with everything!
Did I hear him mention glyphosate?
Do you grow Sugar Beet? Did you hear British Sugars offer? Unbelievable!
Did you get someone in to deal with that big herd of deer Harry?   I learnt this week that America has to deal with millions of wild Hogs each year apparently they destroy crops and dig up so much ground.   It makes our pests look easy to eliminate.  They have contracted blokes that trap 24/7.
Every one who produces  anything has to pay a licence to people who produce Nothing !  now its getting producers have to pay a small army of none producers who do we need!?
What an absolute joke, our government should be ashamed. Credit to all the UK farmers out there for taking a stand, with all the challenges out there that put so much pressure on their livelihoods, and now the government wants to add yet another layer of utterly pointless bureaucracy. It's easy for us to tell the farmers to 'keep fighting' etc, but it must be incredibly difficult and sole destroying to wake up to yet more sh*te from our 'amazing' (read clueless, idiotic time wasters) leaders in Parliament. Let's hope the NFU can overturn some of this rubbish and make ground with helping the UK's farmers.
Have a look at Ben crosthwaits farm Western Australia
How far are behind the times with direct drilling crops in ground
Hi Harry,  a very different question.... what's your view on horse and hounds crossing your fields/crops? Would you allow a hunt on your land?
A thought I have. It is a fact that the weather can be manipulated. Funny how it rained so heavy during harvest period and winter planting period. Could this be government interference in order to deplete food and therefore control supplies?
Does the Red Tractor 'mixing with non-compliant imported product' apply to things other than grain? Is Red Tractor compliant British beef, for instance, being mixed with (garbage-fed and hormone-treated?) imported stuff?  I can only afford the occasional tin of sardines these days and gave up all 'proper' meat more than a decade ago, but people who do buy meat - whether it's as traditional joints and cuts or ghastly mechanically-recovered pink goo - deserve to be told how it's been sourced.
thoughts on the glyphosate lawsuit result?
Thank you Harry for explaining the output from the Red Tractor Quango, while standing in the rice paddy. Perhaps those 10 acres can be classed as extra 'wilding' when adding up at the end of the year?
Surely Brexit meant we stopped importing cheap unregulated products from Johnny Foreigner now we've took control of our Great British borders ?
Harry, great video as always but when you post a picture of a magazine etc page, in order to read it we have to pause the video and then get a red line, your logo etc through the lower part of the page making it awkward to read, can you adjust the way it is pictured so the line doesn't obscure the page please?
I have asked this before. Is the government trying to control the food supply?
What a fantastic update Harry . farmers just want a level playing field kick the Red Tractor out not needed
When you guys just give up because of all of the legislation, what is everyone going to eat?
What's the name of the shoes that Harry's wearing.  Where can I get them?
Should have grown some rice in them there paddy fields Harry!...
So I am trying to buy british, and now you are saying that its not. Absolute bs. I spend £2.50 on uk tomatoes, instead of £1.00 from non uk, in the belief they are uk grown, is this still ok?
Harry,, if you had planted oil seed rape instead of wheat, would your situation be worse?
Any sign of your Farming Minister out in the deluge yet Harry ... Or is Mark Spencer still invisible??
Had my annual review , Bank manager had a few questions to ask me , one was what I am doing to reduce my carbon foot print  , surprised by question ,answer was  got two EV cars and new low energy house with air pump for the heating, then said I believe in climate change. So I don't get de banked , [ which is a new word that spellchecker doesn't know about yet ] . She had a we laugh at that point , that was just the answer she was looking for.  Well I do believe in Climate in  change . it changes every day here , Had 13" in October
All the UK farmers should go on strike and just take that payment for growing flowers and re-wild on all their land!  I thought that the Red Tractor mark meant something, but if it's all mixed up what's the point?
Does Red + Green not make Brown?! We do like to make things difficult for ourselves as a country sometimes, often not for the right reasons. Always enjoy a new Harry's Farm video. Cheers.
Does someone in Government really want to finally finish off the British farming industry? When it’s pointed out all the silly rules our farmers have to comply with and others don’t it has to make you wonder if there’s a hidden agenda to screw our farmers totally
How many farmers will stick together and stop the red tractor scheme… We’re the ones paying for it anyway
What standards of control are in other countries who supply the supermarkets with non local produce or is it only the UK government adding more hurdles for local farmers to abide by as they can't blame the EU now for regulations and what is the difference in farm payments after Brexit and the loss of CAP payments from the EU.   Beef from Brazil and chicken from countries outside of the EU are in supermarket shelves and what standards are these items checked under for hormones and animal of issues..
Did you notice a difference in water infiltration rate in the direct drilled area vs the area drilled with the harrow tine drill, or if puddles formed more in areas drilled with the Claydon or the JD drill?
Since watching your programmes my respect and admiration for all farmers has grown immensely. It should be required viewing to all those in government associated with the farming industry. I do wonder how multipolarity and BRICS might change the world with regard to commodities where it would appear that prices might be taken out of the hands of the existing financial markets?
How does it look & is it still fit for purpose after all the toxic nano chemtrail particulates have fallen over it & uptake via the soil for the whole year!
WILL SPUDS BE AN OPTION ON YOUR PROBLEM FIELD.
Big brother is strong in the UK…..why do you all comply?
Where is Stanley? He's the only reason I watch this channel!! 😂🤣
Is is time to call time red tractor, and make the farmers life more simple.
How about planting rice in the apparent rice paddy area?
Forgive my comment I’m not a farmer so this may be stupid to ask - is there a reason why large fields like these are not trenched to put drainage pipes in like they seem to do over here in the US? Would this not stabilize flooding like this?
9:54  Did you see that cut-worm harry?
Have you considered rice as an option?
why do we let technically inept bureaucrats make the policy decisions, something needs to change because this is the road to ruin through no fault of the people on the ground
Can't beat the plough to get the water away.
