Are they ( leaffans) blaming samsonov? Lolllllll lolllll lollllllll blame the 44millions 4x core shit clowns who just play for stats points instead of winning a championship
Yep..."contenders" get smashed for 9 goals...don't they?
Can you imagine if the Leafs were consistently good? These vids would be so boring. If anything, the Leafs' true value is providing us endless entertainment on AND off the ice.   But goddamn, I miss my Dang-Its  Edit: Why does my guy say "KAHN-tribute" like that?
why not give 	Petruzzelli a try? can't be worse than Sammy and he's only a year younger than Woll
What happened to Domi?  He seemed to be highly touted as a prospect?
Had there ever been a team that's  had 9 scored against them, then went out and scored 9 the next game?! Only the Sabres 🙃
When the Leafs do exactly what the Capitals didn't want to by giving Samsonov a 3+ million dollar contract  Caps fans "yup. Told ya."
When you run into a team that gave up 9 goals at home & got ripped by the fans & the media I am not surprised the Sabres busted out & scored 9 goals.
Steve you make an excellent point ..... why has man not landed on the moon again since 1969?
Did Buffalo use a Zamboni driver! 😂 sorry not sorry  Canes fan here
What happened to the Leafs recently?  Just look at the salaries being tossed around in pro baseball and soccer.
Youtube's algorithm is a dark and twisted thing... it hasn't recommended an LFR in, like *months* and then this.  Here's a question: has there been a Maple Leafs goaltender - other than CuJo - that the Leafs haven't totally broken?
It's not surprising that the players quit with what's been going on. Nothing's been changed, so why expect anything to change?
Anyone else audibly yell WHAATTT!!!... When that first goal went in...?
your r33t4d exaggerated faces .....  was that you behind the camera in the Senate chambers last week...?
Was a tough game to watch...Ilya Samsonosaves struggles continue this season...his mojo is M.I.A. right now
will say this abt the canes: pyotr kochetkov has been doing AMAZINGLY recently. we still have a goalie crisis (and a scoring crisis tbh) but PK has been standing on his head every game since raanta was sent down
How fucking embarrassing. Anyone who thinks this team is playoff worthy is an idiot. Same shit different pile in Toronto.
How do you not drop f-bombs the whole video??
When I saw the score in the app I immediately felt bad for Steve.
how is this video not called “bonkers mcnutz”?
Do the Leafs just play badly vs Buffalo in general?!
Can the Leafs use the EBUG??!!! David Ayres???😉
Samsonov is heading in the same direction as Campbell in Edmonton. But Campbell was broken in Toronto. Toronto ruins goalies. How many goalies have they had the last 10 years?
can you fine players for that performance?
What about the 2 short handed goals... good grief.  Would Antii Ranta off waivers be a solution? I'm done with Sammy. Jones for me is an ok back up but,  we haven't had a decent number one goalie in a long time... you need one in the playoffs.
Why does my generation get this soy boy and the last one got Don Cherry?
why is the leafs only option if Sammie and Jones fail, Hildaby?. Could they not turn to Petrizzelli or another young goalie in their system?. Also why is it assumed Hildaby will struggle if he gets called up?. I mean yes that is a possibility but there is also the possibility that he comes up and be lights out and does not relinquish the NHL again. Not saying that will happen but you should not assume that calling him up is a bad thing or it will slow or mess up his development. Yes the goalie situation is crap right now but why not give him a chance. It is not like he could do any worse then Sammie right now.
Why are they bad against bad teams?
What happened with Steve’s hat pick and dang-it’s?
Haven't watched an LFR all year.  This feels like a good one to watch.
How many times have we watched the core 5 not be able to carry this team ? Matthews was the only player who showed up. Domi    Matthews    Jarnkrok  Bertuzi   Nylander    Marner   Robertson   Tavares   Knies  The Leafs d core is the softest in the League and I can't remember ever watching a soft d team win the Stanley Cup.
When the Leafs lose we all win.
Why is this a surprise, in the past 8 games with Sabres the Leafs have lost 6
Did The leaf’s take Samsonov to arbitration? If so did he watch the Leafs’ video presentation package slagging him as a piece of shit garbage goalie at the arbitration hearing… this is a no no for emotionally motivated or sensitive NHLers…. It is well known that players are advised not to watch this or to attend the hearing as the teams just slag and destroy and make the players look bad to try to win their case for a lower contract amount…. Just wondering…. Cause his confidence seems shot…. Thoughts Steve?
13:43 Although I could SWEAR they used to stop the season from Christmas eve to Jan 1 for the WJC? I have memories of there literally being no NHL hockey during the Christmas break (Dec 24 to Jan 1) but it was replaced by the WJC which is why they did so well ratings wise?
Can someone just tell me why we didn't pull Jones and put the Zamboni driver in net?.....or Carleton?.....or anyone that can stop a puck?
Why does he have to diss us sabres fans for not showing up our team hasnt made the playoffs in 13 years and the bills are just as much a disappointment we are in heartbreak over our teams
Who wants to go  to Dangle' house for New Years and play the fart game?  Please bring your best!❤
When leafs lose its a good day :)
When are you going to get back to doing Dang-its? I mean maybe there are some copyright issues with the name, but I really miss those videos.
When the leafs lose 8-0 tomorrow night I'm gonna burn my bozak jersey. No offense Bozak 😅
Who do think sold them the tickets, stupid?!?!?!?!?!  -Steven
more play without puck back to defense zone?
more defense zone in first period, more neutral zone in second period, more offense zone in third period?
Why doesn't any of the blame go to Sheldon Keefe? From his dumb line changes, to his style of hockey, and does he even teach these guys how to play defense? Maybe change is needed to get these guys motivated and to play with some what consistency.
Is it just me but does the leafs play worst with Mathew’s in the line up. Also what is it with the stupid passes. Look at the game they blew out Pittsburg they played straight up hockey no fancy bullshit. Without Mathew’s.
What is it at Christmas time the Leafs go into a slump? Maybe too much eggnog.
Getting ready for the playoffs already?
How many of those goals were leafy Steve? Also known as Bad Defense. LGR
Can we get a Steve's Whoopsies or somethin? Miss the dang-its!
How bad is your team's goaltending when you actually miss Campbell who in the AHL right now. LOL
Ohhh but what about Austy Matwos?? Isn’t that the best the laughs have to offer??
how can you be so happy one day when they win 7-0 a few days ago and then so upset when they lose 9-3 ....  how about seeing that there are days like these .. especially if within a week.   It sucks but ... ..anyway you need to make a video right.
Ps what happened to king shalgren?
What Hat Guy do to you 😢
Couple of questions..  1: can mental weakness/injury be put on ltir? 2 : what's Matt Murrays phone #?
Steve your talking about trying to develop your goalie by playing him who’s already been in the league for years. He’s terrible he’ll always be terrible and you think you can play it out of him ? You think the leafs can win a cup with this guy in net ?
Bargain basement goaltending is AWESOME!!!!! Having an AHL quality defence is the best.  Luckily we have the core four to carry the team and is there any question why this is happening??
Why are we hanging on to Nolander still ?
Worst loss since 9-2 loss to Nashville?
Do you do hat picks anymore?
Is this the same team that lost to a  zamboni driver?
One last question...how is this a playoff team?
HA HA HA! We are the champions!!!   HOORRRAAAYYYYY! Shanahan, when would be our CUP PARADE?
When was the Nashville 9-2 video? 😂😢😂😢
What a leaf thing to happen
Yep same old D and G problems. Which of the top 4 is getting traded to solve this?
Did... Did you forget about 1999? The whole Brett Hull "No Goal" debacle?  I guess I'll give you a pass because it looks like you're going to stroke out here. Do you smell burnt toast?
Going to ask the same question everyone asked of the Pens after the 7-0....  Should the Leafs Rebuild and trade Matthews and Marner to a real contender?
Did we not have a Zamboni driver beat us one time why not bring up a kid from the AHL in a situation like this. It's not like we are asking a highschool kid like a Disney movie to step up to save us. This is an emergency situation where our defense is having a nervous breakdown... desperate times call for desperate measures.
When Steve has a tantrum after the laughs get humiliated, the world wins and enjoys his pain.
Couldn't have happened to a better team.  I enjoyed every second.  Then this video topped even that.  Nothing like watching dongle lose his shit.  Would you like some cheese with that wine Steve ?
Would be awesome if Colorado could grab Sammy from you guys for cheap. We always need extra goalies.
Can we get Garmin to sponsor these videos so we can get health monitor as he does the video. I know people watch more when leafs lose but this guy is in shreds after this one.
don't the Leafs always lose down in Buffalo?
If the leafs turn up on 23rd… could be the best 3 team match up going   CBJ 9-4 Sabres Sabres 9-3 Leafs Leafs 9-2 CBJ ??
Can't wait for the April videos 🤣🤣
Didn’t Campbell have like one monster month and sub-.900 the rest of his Leafs tenure?
not enough time between games or too much time between games?
Where do we see Toronto having good goalie depth??? LOL not for a single second over the past10+ years they have a goalie that's capable of winning a cup.
When there’s no intro, and no sponsor…that’s when you know he’s pissed
Do you honestly believe the goalies need to be better? It doesnt mater what goalie from any universe plays for the leafs the results always going to be the same ..As a die hard fan WHO  ?  is coaching the greatest maple leaf group of players since 93 .Whoevers protecting the bench should also be let go .Theres a group of players who want change.They will never openly admit that but theres no motivation nor heart.
why in the hell does sammy get this start? i knew exactly how the game was going to go based on that decision whatever, he gets the start, but then BOOM on the 3rd shot THAT goes in? pull him right now and save yourself a chance to get into the game. since that first goal, the whole team changed. they went from energy to now, "ok we can't give up another shot" and then turn into turnover machine by trying too hard and making mistakes. playing without an ounce of confidence with who is in net.  you don't pull him after that 1st flub goal on the 3rd shot? fine, you go into 1st intermission 3-2. put jones in, pull him during intermission. NOPE. gotta wait until you're 5 deep to make the decision to pull him. keefe you f'in moron. good luck jones! hope you love being the fall guy!  not sure who lost this game harder. sammy or keefe.
Wow stoping the intro when was the last time that happened?
Damn you hate to see it. Actually, never mind. You love to see it. Still chanting Dubas?
Next Game is against Columbus .So same thing ? Or get up ?
How the hell do the Buffalo Sabres beat the Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs but get their earth salted by the Coyotes and Blue Jackets?  This team makes me want to cry. Usually I can say "at least we have the Bills," but...
Did 1st year as a Blue Jay Yusey Kikuchi start in goal??🎉
Wtf are the leafs right now?
Why do you think washington gave up on samsonov because the guy is a head case there is something wrong with him.
But this team is a Stanley Cup Contender right Steve?  They quit every postseason but they’re still a contender right?
Lifeblood of the league? 🤔 How do you figure?
What makes me so mad is there are a hand full of games a year where you can clearly point to and say  "They just phoned it in that game"  This is one of them
It’s my birthday, and they’re playing the sabres… I knew we were gonna lose… BUT NINE!?!?!?
Anyone else getting Meateater Trivia Zamboni driver mention vibes from this one?
Columbus drops 9 on Buffalo, Buffalo drops 9 on the leafs, the leafs drop 9 on Columbus..?
When I first saw the final my first thought was what the hell and Steve's gonna have a heart attack doing LFR
Well Steve... the Leafs don't deserve a Mulligan. The Leafs took another night off. The Leafs will either destroy Columbus the next game or the Leafs will be game 3 into a ten game losing streak. Then what will the Leafs deserve?
...but what about Gawd's gift to hockey?  Wasn't he good?
Do you think the Leafs can trade for Gibson with Samsonov to solve their goalie woes
Is this like the loss to the preds?
Where does this rank in the worst losses in the Matthews Era? Here’s my list: 1 David Ayres game 2 2019 Game 7 vs Boston 3 2021 Game 7 vs Montreal 4 2022 Game 4 vs Tampa 5 7-1 vs Scranton Penguins 6 This game Did I forget any?
9-3? What does that sound familiar?
So what's worse, this or the 9-2 Nashville game?
When your goalie lets in goals that were so bad that they would make a peewee house league coach face palm I can't even blame them for quitting, that kinda thing doesn't just take the wind out of your sails, it cuts down the entire mast.
Leafs just suck, are we ready to have that conversation?
