i hope m. bisons third costume is the outfit 2 but with a cape.  any cape bison fans?
Do St.Hp is special cancelable?
Why can't he teleport tho??
How much does M Bison cost in street fighter 6
Who else thinks of Raul when u see Bison
Why u choosing this gay ass stage
Prince Arthas !!! Why not a Frostmourne ?
Great video! I am super curious tho, what is he like on modern controls?
not sure you will see this comment, but any weaknesses? Low hp? low damage?
What do you think of his new design?
Weird as it sounds, Bison doesn’t seem to smile menacingly as much and I kind of like him better as a result???
Hasn't Psycho Power been purple ever since Rose was established, starting after Alpha (in which i believe it WAS also blue), it was purple in 4, 5 and now 6. Purple power leaks out of Bison in one of his round wins and he converts it to blue, Ed also changes from purple to blue in this game, and JP has his own Psycho Power which is the usual purple and black.  I'm pretty sure Bison is using a form of soul power.
I wonder where Hiro and SD PNoy and Tampa Bison are right now
I wonder if we'll get another Giant Impact against Shin Bison.
Hey i wanna start playing bison more in sf6, played him a little in the end of sfv and loved the gameplay. Which character can i practice to be ready for his release?
oh so dont have that V skill 2 from sf5?
Is it just me or does his character model look a little smaller in comparison to Guile?   Anyways, they juiced him up so hard with this version of Bison. He is like a collection of the best tools of each version. From the fast speed of the classic design to the psycho mine of sf5 bison. They really buff a lot of his offense. His lack of traditional anti-airs & pesky fireballs were always been his weaknesses. But with these new changes to his psycho crusher & faster down fierce, he's a lot stronger dealing with his weaknesses.
Sorry if I missed it, but do we know if Bison's jump roundhouse is still a cross up?
Nobody is gonna talk about Bison turning into Papoose for his Lvl 3????????
Roof, does Bison have his teleports?
Will there be an event for bison like there was for akuma? Maybe vs SiRN (shin) Bison
I noticed that bison has almost his classic stance like he did in sf 2, he shakes his hand more in sf2 though. Something about that physho power flowing through his hands maybe?
How can you look at that thumbnail and think the new design looks better than the classic? Classic makes him look like such a menace! Almost Zombie-fied.
have you try the combo trial??
Does his level 3 go full screen?
I don’t full grasp the charge system, will that be a big problem playing Bison?
What are situations where you would rather do regular head stomp than devil reverse?
When you said "for those who don't like sf5 bison but enjoy sf4 bison, this character is for you" I was instantly sold. My main is back and ready to psycho kick some ass!
I notice they made the visual design of his Psycho Power deliberately asymmetric in some ways.  On the select screen, he's looking at his right hand regardless of which side he's on.  He charges his Psycho Crusher specifically with his back hand only (right hand on P1 side), as well as his Level 3 in the startup animation.  And they even specifically didn't mirror the taunt where he punches you with his Psycho-powered right hand.  Interesting...  They do something similar with JP's Psycho Power in his right hand (hidden by his cloak).  Are they trying to say something with that?  Like maybe each character has taken half the power or something?
But does Devil's Reverse have cross-up properties again though?
Does the M in M Bison refer to modern ?
How much are the characters to unlock?
You say its not Soul Power, but it could be the power of Nothingness.  Maybe some of Ryu's peanut butter got mixed into Bison's chocolate when he blew up?
Is bison controlling sagat body or was that a lie
Do you think that we could become M Bison's student if he spawns in World Tour?
Can't wait to hide this game away from my horse-obsessed nieces...
Is his stand jab his 4 frame?
Can't wait to see Prob X use this character
biggest problem where is his outfit 2 cape????????
Did you have a peak at his MODERN version ?
"It remains an overhead when you do it as a target combo"   Good grief, what is this, Mortal Kombat?
Do we have a date?..To remind me when to not go online.
Can't believe they gave Gill's retribution to Bison. I'm gonna have so much fun playing him
Isn't Bison supposed to have a teleport? I'm pretty sure he could teleport in 4
Where is Bison's teleport move????
When are they going to fix Ken's run that always comes out lol :) ... Bison looks sick
Why are they releasing characters so soon all of a sudden?
Minor question, what's up input-wise with his classic slide versus his new sweep?
Why is he releasing on a Wednesday though
Anyone else notice how C2 bisons hand is constantly fidgeting? Any thoughts on that?
This might be wishful thinking but now that Scissor Kick is a motion input is it possible that it could be used as an unorthodox anti-air? Or perhaps as a way to cross under someone trying to jump attack you?
Does he have his SFII costume? For the sake of nostalgia?
Dude....that's a real move name. Bison has attacks like Devil's Reverse, Shadow Rise, Psycho Crusher and I get Double Knee Press and  Head Press doesn't necessarily follow the name scheme but BACKFIST COMBO? That's the name they went with?
Does he has a throw loop?
Did you manage to test if stHK was a good anti-air?  Cause that button was a godlike one-button fast way to snipe people jumping back in SF4
It's just me or that CA is really long?
Can't this Mf stay dead of once?
What about his Crouching HK (Slide or Sweep)
Aren't you the guy that also fixes up watches?
does sf6 got like fight money currency to buy characters?
Please tell me he’s +150 on every normal like in 5 ?
When people said that M. Bison kept his teleport abilities, I thought they referring to his horse lol
Did anyone notice when you're in CA health range with a level 3 the health bar flashes yellow?  That's new right? 1:14 & 17:57 before the CA comes out the health bar is flashing.
Can he combo with the detonation after a throw?
What I would like to know is if EX Scissors or EX Psycho Crusher can be used as a reversals.
I guess im the only 1 that misses the teleport dash and projectiles?
Did you try out modern controls, any idea what moves he loses? I’m curious if he keeps the overhead and overhead-low target combo.
Oh also is knee press/scissor kick safe on block? And if it is, Does it require the right spacing?
I know that DI is not the demon it was but I still feel like some of M.Bison's normals look very slow on start up. In your opinion will DI or perfect parry for that matter pose a problem when it comes to applying pressure with normals?
10:10 did they change the burnout bar to make it easier to see when it refills?
Is it just me or does the audio desync slightly near the end of the video?
Is it me or does the Drive bar look slightly different in when in burn out?
Are his scisor kicks safe on block? Is his psycho mine back fist safe on block?
Did you test Psycho Mine > Throw > Explosion Juggle ? He seems to have "Vortex Potential"
Isn't  it crazy? "a Bison riding a Horse"
He died so he could run. Is it weird to be bummed out that knee press is a qcf move than instead of charge even if it's obviously a giant buff ?
Why does he have a horse ?
Was worried that I wouldn’t like playing bison since he’s a charge character but now that he’s a hybrid I think I’ll be able to play him
Why are they not filling up the space next to Luke and Jamie on the character select screen? It's driving me crazy!
ughhh why couldn't they make the kick charge as well???
Hey Roofle. Will you make a video about the new tekken 8 balance patch?
Damn he looks cool. Does he have an invincible wakeup?
