3:17  What does "fallback reward" mean? How can it be a "reward" that you do NOT get puzzle pieces?   My wife has all the animals, so what happens to the "gray puzzle pieces"??   Will she get them later when new animals arrive?  Do they disappear?
How do I scan the picture to get the decoration with a tablet
Why multiple truck orders has stopped????
How do we claim the QR code?
Where can I find the QR Code to get the Halloween-Tree in the decorations?
How do you get the ghost?
What about more fishing spots????and new fishes
How do i get the toilet paper tree?
my phone doesn't use QR codes...so...what now???
How do you earn the ghost pig decoration? What is a community inbox milestone event? I wish there was a tutorial video in the collection book explaining where to find special decorations, if they are not in the diamond/ coin shop or gift catalog.
Why don’t I have the inbox on my game anymore
How do I scan the barcode to get the decoration?
How do I get the ghost for my book??
How to get the pumpkin truck?
How do I "scan" that QR code from my mobile phone?
Could you please make it so that my cats can drink goats milk ???? 😊 ❤❤❤
How do I get the free Pig Ghost?👻
How do you clame the deco with the qr code?
Can you please say Where i can found gregs calendar becose there was  spooky decoration item but i actually don’t understand think about greg calender
What is the community inbox to be able to get the ghost pig. THANKS
Can we get alpacas and make things from there wool like boots mittens hats rugs
This week you had a survey, where if we took it, we got 15 diamonds. I took it, and did not receive any diamonds. 2 days, still waiting. Or was I suppose to give you money?
How do I get the treat maker?
Can you make it so that we can rotate items every direction, not just the 2?
Where is the link for the QR code, someone, anyone, please?! 😟
Where is the Inbox Community Milestone? Where can the white ghost be obtained?
How do we get the ghost pig and the other item from mikes farm event
Would love nite time and thunderstorms
I dont get the QR code reward or ehat do i need to do in Greg,s farm?? Anyone??
After this last update, the game is showing instability and bugs and the device is overheating. What is happening?
It says scan the qr code to claim the deco but how to scan it?
How to claim the deco from qr code?
How can I get the treat maker
Why are the fall items not available anymore? Autumn just started D:
How do you claim the code surprise??
Can someone please tell me about the Shop offers? I haven't seen any of the items in the decorations tab. Do you have to be on a certain level to get into the SHOP offers? I have missed out on alot of decorations because I don't have that option anywhere. I am on level 57.
How do you GET the Halloween maker
How do you get the QR code?
Where is the Halloween treat maker?
Halloween treat maker where oh where can I find that ???
Where do we get the treat machine at⁉️😅
Does anybody from Hay Day actually play this game daily where you don’t buy anything? What’s the use of giving us pieces of fences where we can’t use anywhere because we only have one or two poles.
I still haven't seen the lab with the bats flying around it come to the game this month yet. Did I miss it?
Where is the Halloween machine maker?  Do only certain players receive one?  Just asking.
How do I get the reward from this video if I only play on my phone?
How to get decoration through the barcode
Why can't i open my farm !!! This update sucks..
Would be amazing to be able to send gifs for our friends, either a daily random item or decorations we have stored
Did any of you see and get on the catalog  the first decoration they showed in the video for the week 1 ? I did not find it yet
I love the sanctuary...why not add polar bears for the ice berg area!?
Why are there no more movies to watch on my hayday? I also can't watch videos to speed up my production machine? Even though I have updated it😢😢😢
Why didn't my Halloween candy bar arrive even though the game was updated?
What has happened with the update both my devices say no connection check my connection but all my internet is working fine this update has done something to the connection
How can I scan the barcode to get the tree 😢
Can you let us sell our decorations at the Roadside Shop?
Why doesn’t the QR code work
Who has all the sanctuary animal puzzle pieces?? That’s impressive 😅
Why do we new crop types when we level up with no soil to plant them in?! Please give us more soil Hayday!
Can you make 3D simulator to view our Garden design?
How am I supposed to use a QR code for a prize??
How can I claim this decoration?
How do we claim the decoration?
How do u get the free item via the QRCode?
🙄 I have said it before and I’ll say it again 😒 if I’m watching your videos on the same device I play your app on then HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO SCAN A QR CODE for a gift?????? Why WHY WHY can’t you let the delivery/mailman bring it to our farms??????
Why isn’t the potion stand with the bats flying around it not on the first week of the catalog? You said “in the first week of the catalog will feature classic Halloween decorations that we may have missed”  while showing that decor. So I was thinking it would of been there this week
What does it mean when you collect chickens on the road?
When we have opened all our plots we should be able to collect at least 100 permits for future land expansion ALSO make the BEACH bigger for all the cute decorations
When giving soil materials, you should also give permission, that is what is really needed.
Were can we find the qr code to complete our collection?
How about let decide the player where to put the puzzle piece when they get it?  It is do frustrating to have animals missing just 1 or 2 and have a bunch of others just started.  Also let's do something with the voucher. Can we trade them in for actual useful goods? I've at least more than 1000 green ones and don't really know what to do with them. They are such a waste
Who else has noticed that when you are almost to building up your barn or silo and you only need like say a plank but you don't get it and go to your farm the next day and get that last plank so you go to build your barn up and lo and behold somehow you're now missing 3 planks ? How about when you're almost done with a special catalog task? Only need one loaf of bread out of 8 and it's almost finished, when it's done you collect it yet your count remains at 7? I'm having these issues and I'm sure others have too. Yet you go to let them know and they want screenshots for proof? How many farmers here are taking a screenshot of every single thing they do on their farm? I'm only trying to let them know they have a glitch. What's going to happen when you're sending your hard earned money for extras and this glitch screws you out of your purchase? If you don't have a screenshot you have no proof so you can go get bent I guess.
How & where to scan the code
Why when your time runs out on a task, the system says you failed two of the same thing? Might wanna look at your code.
How come the boat isn't giving puzzle pieces? Last event i couldn't purchase them either
How do we scan the QR code?
What happened to buying decorations in the shop I miss that now we have to use real money to get certain decorations? I do like these events to earn the decorations that's cool but not being to use diamonds or coins to buy other types is disappointing u don't understand how the shop works it doesn't show any of the decorations like before
Where are the QR for the decorations?
I want to scan but from where?
Where is the QR to get a tree in the magazine ??
where is qr code for getting a tree decoration?🙏🏻
What will we need to make the Halloween treats?
Getting leaderboard points but no vouchers for completed task to trade from catalog. Anyone has the same problem?
Pretty sure I’m not tweaking, it’s been two days and no candy maker. Where it at?
Which video contains the QR code
What happened to the pine trees with the jack o lanterns?
How do I scan the code
How do I collect the tree I have tried to use the qr code and it doesn't work
When is this update going to happen?
How do I scan the QR code? I'm not your lol
How to get items from catalog event? I mean for that hat Halloween poin
What is the point of finishing collections when you never get the reward??? I never got the beer selling pig for finishing the fall collection and nobody has bothered to answer my message about it!!
can the development team add some poultry group pets like Turkeys, mandarin ducks, kate chickens and geese to the game? maybe it can give more impact to agriculture
Why cannot give gift to other friends and chat ?????
How do you click on the tree to get it.
you guys did a whole long frustraiting survey trying to figure out what we would be willing to pay real money for.... customizing the backdrop of our farm is what people would pay for. you made a joke years ago about night mode and thats something i would probably pay $15 USD for at least. instead you just add.... hats for animals? no thanks?
Has anyone tips for scanning the qr code? I ve attempted it 4 times
how to scan and get the deco?
Why I can't receive email from Hayday although I have sign in and have Supercell ID already
Was anyone able to claim the QR code prize? Mine wouldn't work.
How can I get the free deco per QR code? Last time it was in the comments to automatically get it........😮
Can't claim scan decorations because I play on my phone. Thanks for all the info and artwork you all do.
How about a scooter for Tom or his own shop.  And producing more bolts and having an ice box for the fish added to the house and a feather bin. And a making the bee hive box a real to hold the honey. And the expansion tools being held in a tool shed. So we can have room in our barn
Can Tom be made to sleep when we do? I pay for Tom for 24 hours or 3 days and when I sleep I lose all those hours. Such a waste. Please please consider 👍😀
Where can I get the code for the decoration? Please ❤
Someone please tell me how to scan the code if you only have a phone?
How do I scan the “code” ?
Is there anyone helping the players to adorn the farm. Like an assistant can pay him by jewels or money
How do i get that decoration shown
Can't claim the qr code with picture in it
How can i use qr code please help me
Can't open the link to the decoration.
How to scan the QR code? I’m clueless
How about silo expansion tools to be stored in Silo not in the barn?? Like I always struggle with that 😭 and can we also not limit the expansion tool to 80 like it’s hard to find them, there’s no need to limit 👀
Anyone else getting an error message when trying to download the free decoration?
How can you scan the QR code on the same advice?????????
Will the white lillies and halloween fences be able on the normal deco shop or do i have to buy with real money?
How do you scan the qr code? I am watching this on my only device.
How to get the deco from the scan image?
How do I scanthe qr code?
how come the autumn collection ended but i didn't see some of the items like fences, wooden animals, etc being advertised
Why so many decoration but i dont have many place to decor..nite mode plis😊
What about more feed production?  What is the point of more sanctuary animals if you can’t feed them?  Why does sanctuary feed take so long to produce?  AND why double experience points as a bonus for selling to farm visitors when you don’t give experience points (only cash) for those actions?  Either add exp points or do away with a stupid reward.
When our trees die off and we’re have to cut them down, buy the wood and let us make coin!
Can you give us timeline of full month like coc, like 1-11 cwl, 1-10 challenge 1, 11-20  challenge 2, etc. They always give us in advance
Why can't I complete my fishing book, I keep catching the same fish with different hooks and diamond net AND I can't pick up other farmers in my train NO FAIR I'm level 64
How about letting us buy these decorations with in game money instead of real money or gems which are purchased oooh look!!! WITH REAL MONEY!!!!
Can I join the group of people that pre test the game before release
Should be able to put Tom on pause for what ever amount of time instead of wasting time with him when busy with what ever it maybe
Can you make the production machines more affordable please? They are very expensive! The farm pass pushes you to other levels, which is awsome, but the machines take up all your coins and diamonds, as well as the land decorations you can taylor. To upgrade those are expensive even with vouchers and blueprints. I've been playing for years. I love Hayday
How about some little bridges that connect with the canals? And gates for the fences? Thank you.
WHY ARE WE NOT GETTING ANY MALLTS???? I CANT OPEN MY LAND WITHOUT THEM.???? UNLESS YOU ARE GETTING RID OF THEM EITHER WAY NOT FAIR WE NEED MALLTS TO PLAY THE GAME PLEASE FIX THIS ONCE AND FOR ALL THANK YOU.
Can we have Masha and bear here
Is it me or did the derby get a lot harder? This week I completed almost the 10 tasks, and so did my neighbours and we didn’t even make it to the first prize checkpoint 😢 it seems impossible so I dont even want to keep competing yk
Can u please add a feature that u can move a whole area that u choose in the edit mode? I've been wanting this forever
Why is the game buffering between different areas
Why I cant not Watch promotional videos to save time on products? Help me do that
Will request hay day to add more animals on simple vouchers
How do we claim the gift
Why can't we stop the booster ? Just for a while like ( Tome ) I can’t use it for 25 hours
I have not played games for a long time and I still have to buy a machine and I don't have machine, what should I do?
Can we have more Halloween fences please?? The old ones I mean!
How can I claim the gift? I'm on a tablet
Why do animals live on a farm? There should be gnomes living on the farm. In the pool, on the sleigh and in the bathhouse and so on. Enough animals. Make normal decorations with gnomes!😢😊❤
Is it possible to have a real life day/night time depending on your region? That would be an awesome feature ❤
can you add some mini games pleasee
What happened to the poisonous mushroom log???  You mentioned it in the fall video and it was never made available.  I play every day and every event, never saw it.
i hate haloween...better to have fall or autumn teams. Arent you europians? why demonic decorations?
I'm at 21/25 cheak vouchers, maybe new pets or birds?
would be good with an upgrade with the no of pax in visitor town pls. Keep up the good work guys.. appreciate 😊
Is there a link for this
Can you guys please update the items to be more common for upgrading the land and make elderly helpers more useful
Cool decor! So fun! Can we get a CLOSED mode to avoid visitors stopping by the farm so often? or maybe some new characters?
who is sick. of the fishing event having no new fish i have all fishing slots use all i use all my coloured tokens to catch fishing absolutely nothing new even keep all fishing tokens to get heavier fish nothing this has been happening for ages now  also the daily task for tool sale nothing all that has got asked for last thrree times is food and crops what’s the point forgetting about the old stuff just to put new games on i. level 189 do t know why i still play really they not interested in players who played for a long time gettibg boring and have inevsted a lot of money in game  rip off hayday
Where is the free deco???? YOU FORGOT!
who is sick of fishing event having no new fish i have all my fishing plots i also use all my couloured tokens to catch fish nothing new no new weights i put everything i can i to fish ending events complained nothing gets done and also daily events for instance the one where you sell yr decorations and tools nothing happens last three times they just ask for food i’m on level 189 don’t really know why i’m still playing to be honest , Getting boring they just concentrate on keeping game up to date rather then introducing new stuff
How to use the qr code?
Can we have new production building? Been a year or more since a new one
Can you please make the animals storage available? Sometimes I’m fed up of them and I want to get rid of them, and I cant.
Can somebody tell me what is the use of the all animal in the farm? The birds, and the dogs, and the cats, etc? Except that they give xp? What’s their other use, other than taking space from the farm? Like I really want to know.
What would be an awesome improvement would be the option to hire Tom on a 1 time basis, for like 2 diamonds each time. He can still have his “rest” time, but sometimes you only need him for 1 thing and to have to hire him for a full day, or wasting a booster for a 1 time use is very frustrating.
Would be nice sell the old decoration to the team Hay Day....
Are we going to get the planter box that was supposed to come with the summer edition of dairy news before you all took a vacation because it prevented us getting the decoration addition for that set.
Would really enjoy some new production animals. Could have beef cows who workout to generate the beef. It’s been fun but all the decorations and sanctuary animals are kind of getting repetitive. Please take a thought into some production animals. Thank you
Can we please get more stickers that we have missed ,please ❤
Sounds 👻SPOOKTACULAR👻....   Will there be items we can buy using VOUCHERS , COINS also?
Can you make getting land easier all these decorations and nowhere to put them, getting land is too hard… or allow to buy land , thanks!
Do you guys ever do anything original? I'm convinced all people at hay day could be replaced with robots and nobody would notice.  Same events, same concept of production buildings, same seasonal themes, same-looking decorations
How do I collect new decoration?
I just subscribed to you guys. You gave me a free decor. There’s any more videos I  missed with free decor ?
Have had the mausoleum for years.  Give us something new and option of getting items that we have never received but others that are on lower levels somehow have multiples of!
Can someone share the link for the deco?
How about more space for the zoo area.
Does anyone know the name of the Hay Day email?
Hiw can i get that QR code please??
How do we claim the QR
How can i delete and get rid of some items that are in my storage? I dont have any use for all the things in there and would rather get rid of them or sell them if thats possible.
I wish each crop in the harvest had a separate end of harvest notice. I don't like to wait the longest period of harvest to send the notice. For example, tomatoes ready to crop, tea ready to crop, strawberry ready to crop, Who is with me?
What about free coins buildings to expensive each time we need to sell everything so we can buy a new machine imagine only the ice cream machine was 31000 coins
How about a day/night mode? Or some actual weather conditions? Snow is the only one we get.  How about an update to the town? We’ve never had one. It’s getting boring there. And the fishing area could use a little change as well. Other than that….i still LOVE my Hay Day🐓
Will we ever get a paint brush for planting bushes, like we can use in edit mode?
When will the update be please?
What do you think about opening more blueberry and avocado plants? Pleaseeeee
omg no more in Sanctuary, WHAT ABOUT EXPANDING OUR TOWN ?? has  been neglected all these years why?
Why is the game majorly focused on decorations? It's always about 99% decorations and barely 1% about farming.
CAN WE PLEASE GET A PC VERSION THROUGH LIKE GOOGLE PLAY BETA LIKE CLASH ROYALE AND CLANS
I have a question if I buy the following farm pass(59.99 ) will I have it the next time another one appears? or will I have to buy it again next time?
Will we get a chance to get the dancing sheep again?
Can we get a meaningful content update for once instead of MORE DECOS?? PLS?!!!?
can you make it so we can play it on pc...my device doesnt let me play this game on mobile....thanks
Can you guys actually do some hard work and make a night mode you guys make so much money and do like 1% of work
Hi! When will there be new crops and production buildings?
Can we bring back Tom being able to get us building supplies plz 😊
