could have gone for olive green kinda color instead of that greyish silver(on my prespective and l appreciate your choice of color)
Matt, silver with gold wheels? Do you buy jewellery off qvc?
How come yannie didn't do your wrap
How many cars did you buy and sell to get that baby!!
Will you give that car to me🥹
Material and Color finished is good BUT the combination of yellow devil color is not good "BADUY", try to search this word MATT?
Rumours you've now sold this car?
is this GEEZER your brother ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BLf8EYc9mY&t=220s
The most important question is: Will the little blue plastic peel on the break pedal ever be removed?
Why did you buy such a slow car?   It's a slower car than my Model S😂😂
Awesome car dude, but there’s probably plenty of poor buggers out there who’ve bought loads of Porsche cars over the years in the hope of getting an allocation for one of these, only to be told thanks but no thanks. How have you managed to get an allocation?
@matwatsoncars can you do an update on your gt3rs please?
Can you imagine a better Christmas than to pick up a new car? A Porsche GT3 RS for thousands of pounds❤
Cybertruck review - embargo release tomorrow night ? UK time? Already filmed ?
Why do you always crazy over the top laugh at all jokes?
The PPF and detailing is exceptional! I'd love to know how much it all cost. Any chance you could share that with us, Mat?
Not at Yanimaize? Long time no videos with you. Everything is fine?
The old decals looked better, anyone else think the same?
can make millions to buy that car and cant figure out that hes dealing with a sticker and peel it, maybe right before he got a hint of it, maybe
Are the stickers not clear coated over?
Sheeehs, am I the only one who gets commercials every 2 minutes??
I wonder why Matt didn't choose Yiannimize as his detailing service provider.
How come you never went to Yanni??
Would look sick with yellow dials
Are you not going to Topaz detailers anymore?
How many bloody ads can you put in a video..! Goddayumn son 🤔
Doesn't Yanni provide this service? 🤔
Have to say, I cant abide that silly thing on the boot- still if your adding go faster stripes maybe it will suit.
nice license plate, how many you paying in GB?
Matt you are living the dream bud. I am very happy for you. Looks Matte. Is it smooth as gloss?
Should have PPF'd the windshield as well ⚠️
Why  do you want our money/investment when you already have too much yourself???
Mat. Are you going to drive this thing in the manner it’s being designed to?!?
Might as well wrap the Michelin tires. Blimey! All this shows he wants to sell the car at some point for max profits. Well done to all flippers!
Maaat, you've gone and leaked the reg in the b-roll just before the reveal man! How've you done that???
Is Greg using a camcorder? Interesting.
How do they create all of the templates? Would be interesting to know…
If it is your fucking car and you make such a fuzz about it, maybe you should take some time to pronounce it correctly. That would be a worthy thing, would it not?
Does anyone know how much something like this costs?
Why you didnt drive it yet?
Why get a beautiful spec and then get it covered with a new one?
I wonder how much commission is made for all these recommendations
What could possibly go wrong? Mats shoulder 😂😂😂
Where did you get that hoodie. I've been online and they won't accept a UK address
Looks fantastic. Any idea the cost to To PPF the Centre Console? I have a mobility car so don't need a Bill at the end of the lease to replace the Mat Black Trim??
Looks amazing Matt. Why do you call the front fender a wing? Is that a British thing?
1 question. Yanni's company does not do this sort of thing? Why do you choose them over Yanni?
I wonder how much time Mat spends just staring at his car. I would sleep next to it.
love it love love it Matt! Made it yours with the extra decals and ppf, where did your guy get the number plate stickers?
Have you finally removed that final bit of blue tape on the pedals? It’s giving me nightmares, you left it on in your handover video and it’s still there now
How long until he realises the number plate reads "Mat Git"
I heard you have to tell your insurance if you wrap a car, is that true?
Is your best mate yani pissed off you didn't go to him for the wrap
When are you drag racing it ?
what is wrong with mat´s eyes? Does someone know? Just wondering..
Why haven’t you done this in yiannimize shop
I am waiting for delivery of my own RS. Where did you get your front number plate and what size is it?
What you do when you buy your first expense car.... Hahaha I remember when I got my first expensive car.
Why, when removing ppf from new paint, will the paint peel off but not factory paint?
Matt, are you cheating on Yanni? You do know your boy does wraps for a living 🤔😏 does Yanni know about this?
why is matt orange 🤣 probbably some Brittish carrots
When can we get this in Gran Turismo 7 as a style we can use on the '22 GT3RS?
What could possibly go wrong "knocks shoulder on spoiler " 😅 😂
Does Matt have issues with his vision? They way holds his head and the slight eye deviation?
WOW Matt this looks incredible wouldnt want to drive it around West Bromwich or Walsall hope youve got a good aftermarket alarm fitted ?
Can’t believe you didn’t go to your mate  yannie for this ?
Why cover the plate to show it anyway??????
My question is why isn’t he doing it at yiannimize?
Surprised it came on P Zeros. I thought all GT cars came on cup 2s?
I wonder what it says if you take the 91 out of matts private plate.....
Matt said he was gonna buy a Century. Is it finally coming??
How come Yianni didn’t get the ppf work?
Why would you choose a right hand drive? I know you're live i the UK, but the price will be significantly lower than a left hand drive in a few years, won't it?
Is this the same Mat Watson who posted a video yesterday asking us to raise millions for CarWow.
Have to be honest, I wasn’t super keen on it but those decals took it to another level.
Does anyone know what Mat's smartwatch is?
What is Yianni going to say.Why didn't you use him. He is the wrap king and supposedly a friend.
So did you go with gloss or satin?
WHY DIDN'T YOU SHOW IT OUTSIDE?????!!!!
How you betray Yianny like this
Exactly how much do you earn Mat ??
Was waiting for this video. Congratulations to you Matt what a dream machine. Nice to see I‘m not the only crazy one with the licensplate solution as I fully agree with your opinion.  Original plate is always with the car. Hope you enjoy your RS as much I enjoy my GT3. I can recommend PEC Leipzig to you to get to know the fully potential of that car. Maybe we‘ll see each other sometimes on a mountain pass or track 🏁🤘
How is Yianni one of your best friends and you have someone else ppf/wrap your car? That’s gotta hurt.
Can wait to see your car on the car wow channel
What a car. Perfect spec. Congrats
Didn't think it would but that satin is gorgeous
How to ruin aperfectly good car from Porsche - pronunced Poor-sha and not Poorsh!!!
Did he do Saturn or gloss?
Why didn't you do the work from Yannimize? -_-
Why on earth would you have black and white front plate and yellow and black rear. Sorry is this a UK thing? I would have thought you have yellow or gold and black emblems. Actually grey plates with light gold numbers to  match your decals would be perfect if thats allowed. Beautiful work though those guys sure did a great job!. Just btw I got a ride in a slightly modified blue GT3 (about 475kw) and holy smokes we pulled 1.8g in just 1 street block. These things are Nuts. Good on ya  Matt - wish you many miles of fun driving with that!
Why didn't Yani wrap the car?
Why did I even noticed the number plate before the reveal at 23:39
Why not Yanni? Wont he be able to assist you?
omGG! Are you putting piano black vinyl over carbon fibre?..?
Why is nobody talking about that small piece of tape on the brake pedal....
Can I just ask why on earth would you pay £78k in interest through Charles & Dean on the loan they’ve given you to by the Porka 🤔 What an absolute waste of money paying all that interest!!
What I've learned is no one in the UK pronounces Porsche correctly. 😂  It is either laziness or ignorance or both, but I still love Matt!
Why didn’t he go to yianni for this work?
I like Matt as a car reviewer bringing the viewer interesting facts. But this is so over the top uninteresting. Who cares what he does?
What was the price for all this wrapping and coating?
So the factory paint is already perfect that you didn't do any paint correction and detailing before installing that PPF?
Is harry really big or is Matt really small…?
When people who don't deserve an allocation, get one. Pathetic.
Why ain't you asking Yianni to PPF it?
Anyone know why he didn't go to Yanniemize for this?
When Mat is gonna take his gt3rs for a drag race
Will yanni not be raging you didn’t use his company Matt😳
can't wait to see you drag race against yanee😮‍💨🔥
Can't see the number plate well. we all see it a few minutes b4 u showed it at 19:15 seconds nice car
Why not get the 911 turbo s .  Just curious.  Yeah this car is special.   But the 911 turbo s is almost unbeatable off the dig .  I would of went 911 turbo s but I’ll never ever be able to.  Sick car tho
Sorry for being Captain Sensible but is that number plate legal?
Can't deny the fact that Ebays EBYR50 is the strongest bet to bring power back to this industry after we suffered FTX, Celsius, Tera and so on. Sure if they fail it's done for good, but I don't see that the biggest tech company in the world would put everything at risk just for that.
What side are you on as EBYR50 divides the wealthy from the poor?
Why is EBYR50 doing so well? That is concerning to me.
EBYR50 divides the rich and the needy; whose side are you on?
Can't wait to see you drag race this car against Yanni's best lambo.my money is on the Porsha
why tf the satin wrap... tutututut....
what about the rear view mirror? haha
Why did you not get Yani to do the car?????
Might be my favourite spec yet, that's stunning!
why didn't he taken it to Yianny?
Was genuinely waiting for this video and further more because this is my dream car so it also provides me guidance, and thanks for giving me more motivation to study and hustle to get my own GT3 RS <3
What other car? Is it a Porsche and were you forced to buy it to get the gt3 rs? Now that would be a good video
What does your friend yianni think of this 🤔?
Did you know (Wat)son upside down spells Mat
Hi Mat, lovely spec on your GT3! Just curious, are't you missing air intake cover/case on the left rear fender?
Are you worried you have got in late with the used prices plummeting in the last few months
Why you didn't send it to Yianni
Won't that front plate be illegal, as a little undersized.
Are you even going to drive it after all the protection? Imagine if you curbed a wheel or got a stone chip on the bonnet...
30k for a license plate? Is it really that expensive?
Isn't the plate illegal though, so why have it done like that?
Should of gone to your mate, Yianni. He's going to be pissed.
I wonder how Matt is with a condom? He's a dad isn't he? Says a lot. 😅😅😅
Why haven't you taken your car to Yannimize
