Who is here to verify if it's a good decision for arsenal to sign this guy😂
Why this man remindes me of    shevchenko
What a strike he has well come to gunners family u good ur better than ur price
seems like he does most of his best work in transistion. Would he still be effective in a team like arsenal that holds a ton of possesion?
We need a striker who can score nearly 20 goals a season for us. Can he do that?
Does what Havertz does all day!
Where’s his van bastenesque goal?
Have faith in mikel and edu
Genuine question, what happens with G.Jesus? Presuming just rotating?
Can't wait for transfer window to open. Sesko, we need you at the Emirates
Has it been confirmed though? Cos i thought he was going to ac milan?
has he signed? or is this just another video to stink up arsenal searches on youtube
Why such a false and delusional title? Has he said yes yet? Is it official? Did he sign? As an arsenal fan i hate such videos bcz u give false hope nd just like murdryk its going to bite us in our ass. Why are people pretending its already a done deal? Have we even agreed on a fee? Theres also talks abt signing oshimen. Are we signing two strikers then?
He looks sick. But will he be a 20-goal-a-season striker?
Is he a done deal  yet
This guys got 200 potential, 4* weak foot and 4* skills   He’ll definitely be the best player in the universe because I just said so    This is how it works round here, right?
Would much rather a signing of this Ilk, someone arsenal can develop into a real force with the group of players we already have, class get it done. Can see a bit of giroud in his play. His size looks made for the prem
He's slow as hell. Reminds me of Lord Bendtner. Also be real what has he got that Havertz hasn't got upfront. Isn't there anyone more prolific?
Already have Havertz seems like a similar player?
How is Arsenal going to play him and Havertz?
Can strike clean with both feet, tall can finish and he's young. His  positioning is good for a 20 year old. I reckon we take him and we don't need to break the bank for him
Is it done ?? Here we go or ornstein bomba
