Have to point out that NOBODY saw this coming. Not a single commentator predicted a blowout against Philly. Shock and Awe all around. San Francisco is scary when they healthy.
They didnt beat the same Eagles team from last year, though. What are the whiners going to say if they fail to make it to the Super Bowl this season WITH Purdy healthy?
Can highlights stop being shown on a tilted screen? Who thought that was a good idea?
How does the 49ers lose every game in October 3 straight games and all of a sudden they are the best team in the NFL?
When the blew out happens, everybody seen it coming, but for some odd reason all their picks were 49ers by between 3pts and 7pts gtfoh with the bs
How is Brock Purdy ahead of CMC in the MVP race? It makes no sense. It’s literally ridiculous
does anyone really think cowboys have a chance to be in the playoff these team beaten easy teams these year next week we gonna see if cowboys even worth talking about ..
Why Did the 49ers Lose  to the Browns Bengals & Vikings ? That’s why the Eagles lost to Them the same Answer !! Main Players w￼as Hurt!!!
Why is Dan so stupid in this clip lol. Guy needs to let Stephen A make his point lol Jesus
How is Brock purdy in the mvp race his skill position players do ALLLLLLLL the work 😐
When the bullies get bullied😂😂😂😂lol
Why does Dan say "Yes, sir" to Stephen A. Smith?    Is it part of his contract to kiss his azz?   disgraceful.  Just say "Yes." and that should be enough, Mr. brown-noser.
Why is no one talking about the first quarter which was dominated by the Eagles, then boom, complete opposite….
What about the 2 different coordinators? That’s a huge part of how a team operates.
Why does everyone compare last year defense to this year’s. The Eagles had a better defense last year and they were top in defense this is a whole different defense with new players and coaches.  So you can’t compare the two. 49ers came in and lost to that top defense last year.
How can Purdy be an MVP when he is not the best player or the MVP on his own Team????? CMac and Deebo are 1 and 2 , Trent is 3 then him 4 but he is an MVP front runner HOW???
Why can't McCaffrey be MVP?
Could have, Would have, Should have...that NFC Championship game is the past.   Niners just need to handle business. Take one game at a time. This was the sentiment after starting 5-0.   Still got a few more tough games. Just dont let the foot off the gas pedal.
How is purdy elite if he needs all his weapons to be healthy to win games if Dak was just decent to good to the same people because they said he needed all his weapons 😂
Hilarious. Wasn't these dude shitting on san fran a couple weeks ago?
Are we removing Tyreek from the MVP discussion? Imo if he can get 2000 yards this season, he deserves to win
what bout theam cowboys. eagles lost so they safe this week. ha
Very lame point saying that lost delegitimizes the championship game. Injuries happen. The Bengals wouldn’t have even made the playoffs 2 years ago if Lamar didn’t get hurt. Are they not legitimate?
How do y’all praise Brock for “dinking and dunking” when y’all ripped dak and he was throwing it way further than Brock. Like shay said “Debo is taking 5 yards and hitting his head on the goal post”
I’m glad shay mentioned Debo is taking 5 yards to the end zone because that should take away from Brock cuz shay is the one who coined the term “dinking and daking “. Why is Purdy praised for dinking and dunking ?
If that loss delegitimizes the NFC Championship win, does our win against the Chiefs, in KC, delegitimize their Superbowl win? Does that make us Superbowl champs now?
Why are you talking about Dallas so much all I'm going to say is that you can't see into the future let'them just play the game your opinion is just that an opinion nothing more even though it's scripted it's just entertainment and entertainment only nothing more nothing less
How much credibility can a mediocre qb  like orlovski have?
What a great game! Looking forward to the Ravens game! Great job 49ers ❤️💛❤️ it's quiet today. 🤭
Didn’t the Eagles play 1 Monday & 2 Sundays? How is that “no rest” compared to any other team that plays Sunday & Mondays?
what a bunch of actors.. you all belong on broadway.  This whole discussion is ridiculous.
I havent heard a FULLY realistic take on this game and these two teams all day. Do fans and analysts even understand football anymore? Its like people get that the 49ers are a much better team right now correct but everything else that is coming out of their mouths is just ridiculous. I feel like its been that way all year this year with every talking point. Did someone spike the koolaid?
WHO IS STEPHEN A. =  THE BAD CIA WORKERS =  162 + 81  Sad that you so called people of Color support “Stephen A.” He, Stephen A. thought he was protected by the CIA, the answer is no he is not. It’s time for Stephen A. to get judgment according ABBA Father, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost. Send him to places worse than Guantanamo Bay in the Name of Jesus Christ, Amen! Cut all ties to Stephen A.
What I know Molly is gonna do..is hate on SF.. smh 😂
Can we stop making excuses for the Eagles on why they lost? Oh they were tired if the roles have been reversed then the media would’ve had a field day, saying how the Niners weren’t ready for the eagles
Where all the smack talk excuses from the eagles fans now? The Niners and niners faithful have been telling them since last year...yall got EXTREMELY lucky. Well now there's on one word left....DEFINITIVE.
How about all the holding calls that were not called especially on three 49ers scoring plays and one when AJ Brown was held in the end zone. 49ers were clearly favorited by the referees
When Dan said I don’t trust Dak right now over Purdy and Stephen said “Oh My God” that told me a lot because he’s a top cowboy troll lol
Why you gotta yell though? Dang loud mouth.
Couldn't have made it any more clear Stephen A Smith
What Stephen A. Smith said can't really be argued against. This 49er team could have won last year's NFC Championship if Brock Purdy didn't get injured.
What about tyreek hill for mvp? Hes having a better season then any qb right now why are we always trying to give it to the qb even when they dont deserve it
How is Nick Wright going to spin the reality that without Brock the Eagles whipped the Niners and with Brock the Niners embarrassed the Eagles on their home field. I'm sure he's going to talk about all the playmakers around Purdy. Well, those same playmakers were around Josh Johnson 10 months ago. Purdy = MVP.
When 9ers lost 3 in a row it wasn't just cos Trent and Deebo were out. The Kicker cost them the game against The Browns. And Brock Purdy had a concussion in the other 2. Yes it's true we haven't seen Purdy make a comeback against anyone, but I think we have to question the HC more as Shannahan has never  won a NFL game when he's losing by more than a td in the 4th quarter, crazy stat!
Who are offensive coordinators from the Shanahan tree?
Stephen A never misses an opportunity to bring up race. San Francisco has been knocking on the door for the last 3-4 years. There is just so much that takes from game to game. What does Stephen A have against Brock Purdy?
9:00 OK Shannon - Purdy is not an elite QB, but he is quarterbacking at an elite level right now. Anybody disagrees?
Why are y'all acting shocked? 49ers when healthy are the best team by far in the league. Eagles been barely pulling out wins and they have a weak defense.
Why isn’t CMAC an MVP candidate?
Was this Purdy first come from behind win?
So what the niners had 3 extra days to rest. You need to show up at each game. So if the eagles loose next week to the cowboys what's the excuse going to be?
When they lose in the playoffs say the same thing bout the Eagles
How is the qb automatically the mvp candidate when the rb/wr hybrid is the key to the offense? How was Purdy w/o Deebo? All positions should be considered for the MVP award.
Can't ignire who the eagles beat in the divisional round either guys.. the giants. Big deal really. The giants suck.
What would Jalen Hurts be like if he didn't have AJ Brown? Hurts hasn't be elite with him must less without him.
Hasn’t Purdy played from behind before ?
So dak is in the mvp race when the cowboys lost to the eagles and the cardinals and Jalen fell off because he lost to what y’all are saying is the beat team in the nfl!?? Makes no sense.. Brock purdy mvp y’all serious!??
Why is there no love towards the Lions when talk about the Big Three from the NFC (PHI/SF/DAL)?  They're doing damage.  It's totally disrespectful and I'm in the SF area saying this.
Why does molly always interrupt every 5 seconds my goodness just annoying
When u monochrome give some bright swirling patterns on the necktie 3 colors max
WHEN IN THE WORLD WAS DAN ORLOSKYY EVER BE CONSIDERED ELITE !?!?  I respect Unc’s kindness but lying on national television to a former “QB” who never won more than 3 NFL games in a 12 YEAR career is SICK revisionist history I refuse to see broadcasted. Unc should apologize to the NFL and ESPN immediately. Dan woulda made Mac Jones look like vintage Tom let’s stop it Shannon 🤣🤣
These shills keep saying that injuries are part of the game. How about extending the season as part of the problem. Greed is watering down the game. The winners at the end of the season are whoever is lucky enough to not have a lot of injuries not the best team. How about doing something to minimize injuries?
Why do they dismiss the fact that Dallas was missing some top players on defense when we played as well as O line players, also Dallas has figured out their offense since then! Dallas is not the same team they beat earlier in the season!
Can we talk about this not even the same eagles defense from last year?
Brock Purdy DID NOT dominate Jalen Hurts. I'm tired of people thinking these games are QB vs. QB. The Eagles defense is a fraud. The whole Philly TEAM is a fraud. They're a bounce, A wrong route, a dropped pass and a call/non call away from being 6-5. Since when do GOOD teams need to "find a way to win" against the likes of the Patriots, Vikings, Rams, Commanders (twice) and a .500 Bills team? Add is sus wins against Dallas and KC and what are we talking about here?
how is nobody talking about CMC being a contender for the MVP
We gonna forget that Brock Purdy had a concussion when he played bad?
someone please tell me why people watch Stephen A????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Didnt the Chiefs beat the niners in the superbowl? What was the excuse than?
Can we stop blaming our defense for losing 3 in a row? If y’all even look at the stats you’d see how good our defense was.
WHO CARES about MVP? means nothing!
When you are soooo good that you dominate from the start, you don't NEED to play from behind or prove anything.
so when does purdy become elite? how many big games must he win? how many great performances must he put up for you to believe he’s great?
What Dan O said about Trent, Deebo and McCaffrey's health being paramount is why Purdy is not elite and why he maybe should not be MVP.
Where were the arguments this year since the Niners play FOUR TEAMS off the bye week. Lots of excuses for the eagles right now.
How did they miss a tackle on Purdy, that was the game in a microcosm.
Where was all this testosterone about SF doing that 3 gm lost??? LOL!!!! These pundits blow with the wind every weekend LOL!!!
Might be the unpopular take for MVP but Christian McCaffrey being a candidate cannot go understated
Why are we acting like Brock Purdy last year would perform like Brock Purdy this year. And why are we acting like the Eagles aren’t the reason they were down QB after QB? Eagles defense (who lost multiple players this year) blew that offense TF UP. We all watched Philly straight dominate that championship game from the on set. That’s why the QB’s went down.
Mahomes played 15 games and was called elite so why not Purdy?
Patrick Mahomes was considered elite after two seasons. So why can’t Purdy? Cause he is white?
Also can we stop with the what if Brock Purdy was in Houston or Cleveland?
How do you watch that game and have Brock as the MVP? Deebo and Trent Williams were the best players on the field lol
Why is Shannon and Steven so critical of Purdy?
Brock Purdy MVP?? are you kidding me?
Did Brock not start at a Deficit last night?  Minus yards at the end of the 1st Q.
Didn't give the Niners excuses when they lost their 3 games but here comes everything for the eagles smh haters everywhere
What what was sickening to me was to see the way football fans (49ers) were treated by philly fans going into the stadium and outside was disgusting and they should be ashamed of themselves
Has a Cowboys fan Deebo Samuels is another Shannon Sharpe
Why is the 92 snaps to 10 days even need to be said? It’s a Sunday to Sunday game. You can say the same about having to play Thursday after playing a Sunday the week prior. No excuses. Period. Dot.
When Brock, CMC, Trent and Deebo play an entire game, 49ers are undefeated. That’s crazy 😳
What if Dak Prescott get into a deficit what's the difference Purdy has a better team around him purdy is not better than dak in my opinion. Debo and McCaffrey away from him he would just be average
How is Purdy the Favorite after  losing 3 straight without deebo if anything CMC or Deep is MVP
How should the NFL handle teams who have a water boy or a security guard pick a fight with a player from the opposing team so they both get ejected?
Where were the Refs to bail these Egirls out again?
Why can’t a defensive player win MVP?
Dak Prescott versus Brock Purdy: Week 6, San Francisco Dink-and-Dak:  14/24. 153 yards, 1 TD 3 INTs. QB Rating:  51.6 Brock Purdy:  17/24. 252 yards 4 TDs 0 INTs. QB Rating: 144.4 Same season record.  Same season stats, except for this one matchup.......Who's the MVP again?
How can Purdy all of sudden be MVP when you said that he’s no one without the talent around him Shannon?
No one talking about the weekly disasterclass Brian Johnson conducts?
Molly decided to be annoying again?
When the 9ers lost those three games everybody jumped off the wagon now everyone back on the wagon
How can u win MVP and had a 3 game losing streak. Yall are week 2 week with who yall root 4 n pick
When in doubt, dan will pick the white qb
How is Dak MVP we watched their back up win 5 games last year! He has lost against good teams and he isn’t on the best team 😂😂😂The way the media glazes the Cowboys is sad.
Can we pump the brakes, PLEASE!!! Based on their schedule, they were due for a loss. If you keep playing good teams back to back....week to week, this was bound to happen. Jesus Christ!
Why they acting like the eagles is the same team last year, if this was the same team, the 49ers would had lost again,
When refs don’t cheat for eagles they lose
