What precisely is an "energy facility"?
How mad Ukrainian people,throw Zalensky
17:40 'Putin promised to show us the new weapon'. What is this new weapon?
Q. Russians have criticised you for saying that the battle will be won on the battlefield. Do you still believe that this will be the case?
Trump interrupted:  Spain is very low. And yet aren't they a BRICS nation?
Zelensky is being paid handsomely for what he is doing to Ukraine. OK sure, I can understand that. But, what I do not understand is, why do Ukrainians think any better of Zelenskiy, and why do they continue to be suckers for bad treatment defending US UK EU global interests?
Why are Russians listening  to this  BS?  Russian forces  were crushed,  defeated,  and destroyed  in Dobropilia and Pokrovsk directions,  yet  Dima  is  still  reporting  disinformation that Putin's forces  are  winning  in Pokrovsk.
Is there anyway to have a distance scale on your maps? I would like to know what the scale is on these maps. Thanks for all you do !
Did they use special expl*sives against the powerplants like with CARBON to cause more electrical shortcuts  ?
How can you believe the statements of the Ukrainian media? They say so many lies and cheap propaganda.... It is best seen in the statements made public about the shooting down of 90% of drones and missiles but... Ukraine is in the dark because of the drone attacks... which HIT THEIR TARGETS... so they were not shot down by anti-aircraft guns
Oreshnik: Hello, is it me you're looking for?
What happened to the NATO "Game changing" weapons??? 😂😂😂 🇷🇺🫡🇷🇺
What ?  Russia has new shovels to fight with ?    The New York Times says they're almost out of shovels .........
Does Trump still think their a paper tiger?
Poor little (opps plucky) green  T-shirt  will never see blackouts etc etc & etc.  He will of course make sure that his off-shore banks accounts are never affected.  Meanwhile the normal working Ukrainian ?
If trump gives us the tomahawk missiles thus the ability to kill people  we will nominate him for the nobel peace  prize.....  what are they drinking there ?
what a hinge ..... Ukrops are contering again in Shahove? are they craizy?
