it's legal to hit keanu will dwayne johnson hit him?
👎 can the military grab these 3 + shoot them⚰?
Do not watch this blasphemous movie if you are a follower of JESUS.  I’m so disgusted with industries and people mocking GOD.  GOD will not be mock.  Every knee will bow professing Christ JESUS is LORD!!!
Who wouldn't love an *Angel* like Keanu Reeves?! (He is one, for sure!) 😇 LPeaceM
When you've been waiting 20 years for the Constantine sequel, only to cut to Keanu Reaves as an angel in 2025...
Looks ass. Can he ever speak like he is not stoned out of his mind?
Why is Keanu doing anything movie with Seth Rogan???? He's part of the problem too. Seth is for the liberal and democratic party hard. I guess even Keanu has to make money. Handing out awards is different, at least he stood his ground to Whoopie Goldberg.
Song:  Patrick Cowley, Sylvester - Do you wanna Funk?
Why is the acting so choppy
Is it just me or Keanu Reeves really lost his acting skills in this one? It seemed more of a newbie actor. Weird.
why does this man choose to star in some of the cringest randomest movies ever made? he is in fact a real angel though
when does the shooting start, I am so confused. Where is that dead dog?!
the closest we have for john constantine?
What's the first background song called?
Wait I'm confused. Is this a game or is ut a movie?
Is it Angel-A with Keanu?
ARE YOU ALL OKAY WITH THIS???   IT DOES NOT MATTER IF YOU ARE RELIGIOUS OR NOT, AND I KNOW KEANU IS A GOOD GUY..  BUT THIS MOVIE IS MOCKING THE ARCH ANGEL GABRIEL, THAT IS NOT OKAY.
why is keanu so robotic now
Does anybody know the name/artist of the disco song being played at 1:40??
Why did Keanu make this movie when he could have been making a new Constantine movie!
Why? What happens with the world today?
what the shit is this Keanu Reeves as angle WTF.
So Constantine and Gabriel switched roles?
is that a low budget constantine 2  ! hhh
Would this be a goofier version of “City of Angels”?
How did they get an original script made in hollywood? Or is this based on some previous movie that doesn't come to mind?
Did he just drive Jhonny 911 turbo porche?
why does every voice seems like bullshit? lol
Why do they sound so weird..?
Did I see a Johnny silverhand porsche?
What is Tom Haverford up to
What a mess! They make Keanu dirty. No No.  my favorite actor 😭
Had me at Seth Roger laugh.
Is it just me? Or does some scenes looks like AI? Especially the first few
When the trailer started I thought I wouldn't watch this.. but by the time it ended I'm definitely watching this 🤣
can't wat for this one
Did Keanu just come out as an angel?
why do I feel like I've already seen this???
No way Seth Rogan making a comedy ?
Did John Wick 5 just turned into a comedy?
The disrespect on all religion. Christians and Muslims believe in The Angel Gabriel, why name him that? Name him john or something else. Why is Seth Rogan always disrespecting Christianity ?
Out of know where they got aziz to be in this? Os he even active still?
What an original idea .. Hollywood has gone borderline shitty. Repeating the same old again and again .
whats that song in the background that starts at 1:07?
so......this angel would bring a Glock and AR-15?? and uhhh Benelli M4 for the end of the day??
Can we make some cars whose engine sounds like Seth Rogen laugh!!!
This looks terrible. Why would anybody be in something written so horribly?
The construct has evolved into an angel now?
now how im gonna take u serious in Wick series after this?
Why does Keanu Reeves always look like he’s parodying as a Keanu Reeves on a budget?
Is this some kinda lame reboot of "Trading Places"?
Can't get con2 so we got this 😂
Why do movies always make Michael the badass hes depicted as in the bible but Gabriel, who is also a pretty powerful archangel, is always depicted as a joke, bad guy, or just a plebe... the only exception I can think of is Gabriel from Legion. And he was still a "bad guy"
Why tf do they all sound so weird wtf, horrible audio quality
We've got a city to     Save?
Can't accept him anymore with anything except wick john wick!
Going to be a good movie only because of Keanu. Btw, isn't this a gaming channel?
Can Keanu please be my Guardian Angel?
So is this a Johnny Silverhand situation where he plays as a voice and an imagine in someone else head?
When God and Devil let Constantine be an Angel for one human
What are they doing to the Boggy Man
Why do I feel that Keanu has been dying to play a Angel role for decades 😂 I'm so for it
Well we got john constantine cosplaying as an angel, I guess?
Keanu is 60 now.  Where did the time go?
What is the resolution going to be? He’s right money does solve most of the problems we have if we don’t have it.
Looks like the alternative dimensions are popping out of nowhere DR.STRANGE WHYYYY!!!?
why aziz ansari though??? can't stand his....voice....
Why Keanu? Why?  What a blunder decision to star in this ridiculous excuse for a movie!
Why is he copying my boy castiels fit
It has Keanu. Even with Seth Rogan in it, how can I NOT watch this?
WHAT A COMEBACK FROM AZIZ! HELL YEAH! WE"RE SO BACK! BROWN BOYS ARE SOOO UP!
What a great spin on the prince and the pauper story.
Did KR really need to do a rip off of Constantine? We need this like Pirates of the Caribbean 8. And Rocky 28.
Michael meets freaky friday meets white chicks?
From burning Arasaka Tower to Guardian Angel, really?
I thought the trailer usually shows the best parts?
Okay I wait this one out but this has to be a prediction for the next Constantine right?
What did Keanu get paid to be in this gurgle laughing piece of
Would have been 10x better without Aziz
How did this guy rope in Keanu???😅
Who will go theatre to see this trash
Gabriel is literally one of the most powerful Angels in heaven, how is he a budget Angel???
Would have been funny if he has a angel dog
Wait john wick is in this movie?
john wick is an angel after he died in part 4 ??
Why did they choose that actor to play the lead. The most unfunny and boring person ever. And a horrible actor.
Why name him Gabriel and then completely ignore everything the bible says about Gabriel if not to mock him?  Gabriel is Gods messenger and deliverer of prophetic messages. Gabriel appeared to Daniel and explains the meaning of his visions about future kingdoms and the "seventy weeks" prophecy.  Gabriel appeared to Zechariah to announce the birth of John the Baptist. He was the herald of John's birth and a deliverer of judgement upon Zechariah.  Gabriel came to Mary, the mother of Jesus, to tell her she will bring the messiah into the world. The most important message in our history. But for some reason this movie decides to portray him as a guardian angel for people who text and drive? That's so gross.  Why wouldn't they just give him a different name? Why did they have to belittle and mock Gods messenger like this? As a fan of Keanu Reeves this is heartbreaking.  I wont be watching this movie, or any of Keanus future projects. The fact that he is working with Aziz Ansari is also disappointing. This sucks.
When will this color grading style die 🤮  Bring back film. Every movie/show looks the same.
Was ruined as soon as they added serh rogan .
Can't wait. Reminds me of "family man", "Trading places" or that Chris Rock movie I think it's called "Down to earth". All these Rolled into one 😂
I wonder if they picked that exact porche because of cyberpunk and Keanu's affiliation with it? 😅
So do we know the exact date of when this is coming out?
First time he's not called John?
Am I the only one who's first reaction was "AZIZ ANSARI IS BACK- YES!"?
How can Constantine, John Wick and an Angel be the same person?
Was that the same car  Keanu’s character had in cyberpunk?
Why does the first few scenes look ai generated? I think it’s got to do with the camera movement. Or maybe Keanu acts like an ai haha
Why does it sound like Phineas is talking to john wick?
Can you fly? My wings are too small. It's not about the size. It actually is. 😂
Why does the audio (specifically Keanu) sound AI generated? Have I just been playing too much Cyberpunk2077?
Hey isn't that small guy Big T from Parks and Rec?
Is this the new age Dogma?
so is this john wick's redemption arc in heaven after he died?
Didn't this dude sexualy assault a woman?
Why is Keanu's dry delivery so...perfect?
Foreshadow sneak peek of potential Johnny Silverhand?
finally a comedy that isnt also an action movie. WAS THAT SO HARD HOLLYWOOD??
wallofuck are they turning John Wick into? Superman and now John Wick?
Is he trying to act really badly?  Because its working...😮
Why does Keanu's voice sound a bit robotic?
Why can't he change his hair tho. This is basically like multiverse cable .
Shadow and Donkey Kong in a movie?
Does anyone else love Keanu Reeves in spite of him being a terrible actor?
Why are the wings so small 😭😭😂😂
Porsche 911 at 1:10  cyberpunk crossover??????
The roadmap for Bellarium Network BEL token is super ambitious. If they can deliver on even half of it, we’re in for a massive ride. BEL to the moon?
What if I told you that Bellarium Network will crush most of the top tier AI coins by the end of the year?
Have to go to Golden Ticket to see this movie in the fall.
Why does he sound like a robot
Where the heck has Aziz been???  Glad hes back
Who is the audience for this? The terminally online?
Why has Keanu seamingly gotten worse and worse at acting
Why does Keanu sound funny? Like slurred speech?
Why couldn't Aziz Ansari actually be unemployed when they were casting for this.
Couldn’t he just play an angel without those corny wings?
wasn't this channel just for gaming?
WHERE THE HECK WAS THIS TRAILER MONTHS AGO?!😡 THIS SHOULD'VE BEEN THE FIRST TRAILER THE PUBLIC SAW!
So a knock off trading places?
Seth RogAn? Is that discount RogEn?
