Give us a date for that particle?
Can you explain a 7-hr long scientific live video from a channel called creative society, who relates this Cosmic rays as the cause of  naturals disasters right now and could end the world
Instead of one big bang maybe we get several and this is what it looks like where am I jump into conclusions?
Since you mentioned black holes at one point here, a thought occurred to me: if light is the ONLY thing in the universe that can move at the speed of light, because it has absolutely no mass, how can ANY black hole affect it, since gravity can have no effect on something that has absolutely no mass?
That you have very high energy cosmic Ray particles means they originate in the upper atmosphere.  There ARE energy discharges of very high voltage so it would have to be something like that.  Make sense?
Are they more powerful then our particle accelerators?
Why is empty space linear ? How does light through empty space without generating harmonics due to nonlinearity?
Anyone else wondering how large of a solid object can be affected by the equal and opposite force of that single particle propelled to that speed? in the middle of a void with that little gravitational interference?
Noting the heliosphere, and its weakening when the Sun cycles, is it not possible, that the Voyager passing past the heliosphere risked a momentary,  if not permanent opening in the heliosphere?
3:08, 😂 did you say “in sound” instead of “in light of”?
Could those voids out there be caused by dissipated black holes? Ty
❤Yes but can you see them? Can you visibly see particles in the atmosphere, or shifting in the air around you?
could it be possible to have "cosmic ray power", kinda like Solar power? (obviously in the future... not with current tech)
Why does everyone always name stuff after themselves please have mercy on over educated brains just call it something simple
What if, similar to the boltzzman brain theory, it spawned in the void from the quantum field
OMG as in oh my and then God? Use his name when you need to add credibility to your agruments?
WHere was this energy ray focused?
Talk about Radiating Charisma...Is Man changing all lifeforms DNA through their Nuclear Experiments ?
maybe its got something to do with that thing that looks like a second moon people have reported seeing again, same time as last year..?
When I was a kid a half century ago, I wondered whether cosmic voids were places where there was once a lot of antimatter.
Get a grip man there are no planets, no space so what exactly are you on?
The wave function collapsed and splat. What if there are more of them?
What happens when hemispheres collide ? What happens when termination shocks collide ?
What a place to hide tho,  in a place where there is supposed to be “nothing”.   Could these be mirror particles which may have started somewhere on the opposite side of where we thought it started??  And/or maybe it came from a black hole that’s too small to measure, therefore we don’t even know it’s there?
Do these Cosmic Rays affect Earth Weather?
Have they aimed the JWST at that void?
If it is the dark energy then shouldn't the distribution of the super high energy rays be the same in all directions ?
would it hurt much if I got hit by one?
Could the rays be arriving here so much behind the speed of light that whatever released them long ago is gone and no longer visible?
I wonder if this affects our sun?
Where have you been? I haven't seen anything from you in a long time.
Whoah!! Hold up! Wait.. wait.. wait.... Is your microphone floating?
Why do you (and the scientists that you got your information about this phenomena) underestimate the power of any black hole (no matter the size)? If there is even a 1 in a trillion chance that a particle can enter a specific trajectory in the gravitation field of a "near enough to us black whole" that gives it time and energy to accelerate near the speed of light and at the same time give it the opportunity to escape the next to impossible near kiss of the super mass (that every black whole is) soo give the universe enough time and it will produce it and we will catch it! When we look at any black wholes we must never forget that they have enough energy at a specific distance to make an event horizon! So think about that ;)
Did I notice?   Nope.  Can't be that important.
How would we see a black hole in a void? Is there anyway other than lining up a star in the background and blocking the light?
It would be EXTREMELY INTERESTING if this had something to do with what happens at the end of the universe. Maybe big rip theory is right? Or maybe heat death is wrong?
Can't explain something? Math not adding up?... Blame it an imaginary particle... Dark matter to the rescue again. This is getting so ridiculous
I like Anton.   But, BlackHoles do not exist in this universe. Not even one.    These galactic gammas come from an electromagnetic Z-pinch, the same phenomena that produce planets, stars, and chains of galaxies.  Electrical production is scalable.   The Standard Theory of Cosmology is dead. And stinking!   Who divides by zero and calls it a BlackHole???    Mathmagicians, asstronomers, and quackademics.  That's our experts?
There is the recent idea now that all black holes rotate so perhaps a really huge rotating black hole in the middle of that has cleared all matter lang ago but still can slingshot under the right angle incoming, already fast particles ??
What if that is actually a way of getting long distance sensor data? Shoot a very specific and dense partical really fast across space with sensors to track the particle and how it interacts with the universe as it goes to create maps or something. That would be cool.
Every now and then I see a video about cosmic rays, and how our magnetospheres (from the Earth, and the Sun) are keeping us safe. It always makes me wonder just how deadly it is in deep space, between star systems. Then I get very unsettled. I wonder if it's even worse in the void, between galaxies?
Why is it not black hole ejecta. The voids may be black hole neighborhoods
Does this have to do with the Suns black hole that we witness ? meaning that our shield got weak.
How soon will it be until the AI hacks your brain implant?
Who knew Itachi came back to Earth right before the end of the year.
What if voids are hidden civilizations able to harness the power of the stars around them
Have you ever heard of or ever met Jon Lomberg ? He illustrated all Cosmos for Carl Sagan and did many other cool things like pick the Beatles song for the golden disc !
Is it possible that this particle is the result of two other particles that fused (somewhere out there) and their added energies increased its speed?
What if it was a survey beam for an advanced species of space fairing creatures. Which explains why voids appear to empty. It’s a form of camouflage.
Fascinating video! Is it possible that because the particle came through an area of void (lower density), it was able to transcend the GZK limit?  And therefore, is from somewhere beyond the void?
Maybe its from whiteholes. After eons going subatomic through black hole, what comes out is an all packed into one extreme particle? Ok no. I commented too early. CERN?
I wonder if this could have anything to do with why the shakespearean freemasons were obsessed with Bootes
can anyone please enlighten me: are the radiation shielding effects taken into account when determining habitable zones or is it just a temperature/distance/collision equation?
So what if the void was merely a zone of less resistance than more populated space which is giving more resistance due to matter, gravity and electromagnetic considerations . The void possibly even acting as a funnel from all directions including all other space surrounding it, in which case detectors all around it within the 200 light years would see impingement from the opposite side of it from their viewpoint ?
Is there dark matter in space voids?
To your mention of magnetic field changing it's direction... Could it potentially be plausible that one of these particles interacting with the jets of a black hole/super massive black hole as well as the magnetic field of it's accretion disc be powerful enough to increase the particle's energy tremendously to the levels seen in these handfuls of ultra rare "omg" particles?
it's the Jesus Beam....the 2nd coming?
Is it just a running theme this season of earth? This season is sci-fi season , aliens ufos , ai , super computing , solar flares , wars , scary particles , what’s next?
LMAO. Is this guy trying to be a comedian at the last end of this video?
Do black holes die?  Is the void a blackhole graveyard??
Stray shot from an intergalactic war?
At 7:05 wouldn't the simple explanation be that they get pulled around by magnetic fields on their path?
I'm terrible at maths and physics, but doesn't quantum physics propose the origin and path of a particle depends on the observer? Or even, if it is a particle or a wave? To what conclusion about these particles would a quantum physicist come? Wouldn't he just propose the particle could have been released at any point of its' directed path and not necessarily have an origin in the galaxies Anton mentioned?
Where on earth did it hit?
would it really cause detectable damage in a human? i assumed that it is like a very fast bullet that passes through you and out. I suppose there could be a cascade effect if it hit a nucleus of an atom in the body but would the probability of hitting a nucleus not be very small? Is the high energy that significant?
Does anyone know what happens when one of these high energy particles passes through a human brain?
So... aliens are hiding in the local void??
Why do we assume something caused the rays to accelerate rather than something causing us to accelerate in the past?
Does anyone account for cosmic rays interacting with other cosmic rays, before planetary contact?
Is this still coming at us? Or did it already hit, and no one bothered to tell us, except you....Thank you. For some reason I thought of CERN,  I guess because I watched another video about just how weird that is...I do not think things like CERN, Starlink, AI, etc should proceed without input from the people that LIVE ON THIS PLANET and want to care for it. Or want the night sky stars to be distinct. I'm angry about all the crap going on behind the scenes. Take Care...It's definitely time for Plan B,....!
Could be harnessed for energy. Forget colliders.
Hahahahaha... how do you know it is not a malfunction of those detectors?
What would happen to a cosmic ray to be slingshot by the sun and it's magnetosphere? Why is the energy of the particles would make it harder to steer? Do the black hole care about the particles energy?
The iron rays are flying varying magnetic fields, is that the phenomena?
Why you Jumpscare me at the end like that?
cant the particle come from a chinese satelite or something?
Maybe the void is not actually a void?
Maybe it came from behind the void??
The science lady who has a YouTube channel said we are going to be getting hit yesterday and today with solar flares- is this the same thing or different?
Could this powerful cosmic rays not be produced by magnetars?
Is there a star of Bethlehem every 2000-ish years?... I'm not Christian but I find the old nativity story fascinating... All this stuff happened because the star signaled god was to take human form and become the king of men, any way it's all because star sighns
What about alien communication? Its coming from an unidentifiable source and it seems to not have a natural source?
That thar "void" is what we call the Appalachia region of the local cluster. We wuz lightin off fire werks out yonder way. Sorry. Didn't think it would bother anyone out there. Don't get yer panties in a twist.  --Sincerely your alien neighbors.   P.S. You ain't gonna call the law on us are ya?
Could a highly advanced alien species use super high energy cosmic rays to spread life to other planets?  Or a way to scan space, a type of cosmic radar?  If those rays are quantum entangled when they hit stuff in space it may instantly tell them what is in space?
What I got from this, is that Anton has seen Naruto :)
How can you determine direction, if the particles go through everything?  A lens doesn't work. Shielding to block directions you don't want also doesn't work. And you can't reflect them off a surface either.  Anyone?
Hey Anton. Could the medical condition "exploding head syndrome" be caused by a neural synapse in the brain being hit by a Cosmic Ray setting off a cascade of random neural activity resulting in auditory and visual stimulation?
Wow, I’ve never been in this part of YouTube before - how did I get here?
See? Tin-foil hats do serve a purpose, or should I change mine to lead?
Is this how we get superpowers? I want to be able to manifest a fresh cup of tea whenever I realise the old one is empty.
Has anyone seen my auxiliary god particle.
What if its an alien race sending energy past their edge of the observable universe using technology that can warp space time, so the energy could preserve itself better. Hopefully they get one back type deal.
Would these cosmic ray sources sterilize those galaxies?
DO ALL GALAXIES EVENTUALLY COLLAPSE IN UPON THEMSELVES?
c.  How could a galaxy not collapse in upon itself if space and time were warped to make it so?
d.  Or, is modern science wrong as to what 'gravity' truly is?
e.  And what exactly is 'space' that it can be warped?
f.  And what exactly is 'time' that it can be warped?
j.  Or, is modern science wrong about how all nebula clouds form?
k.  Is it at least possible that galaxies collapse in upon themselves, go supernova, thereby generating enough matter and energy so as to be able to generate new stars, planets, moons, solar systems and a new galaxy?
m.  Possibly been going on throughout all of eternity past, is going on today, and possibly will be going on throughout all of future eternity?
n.  Possibly also why there are so many unanswered questions concerning the singular big bang theory, because the singular big bang theory is not really true?
o.  The universe always existed in some form, never had a beginning, and might possibly never have an end?  No Creator necessary?  Is that even why in part some cling to a singular big bang theory so as to be able to still in part be able to justify a Creator God existing (which probably does not actually exist in actual reality)?
p.  Modern science claims that an expanding 'space' of this existence will end in a 'big freeze'.  But is it more correct that this existence will not end in a big freeze but just that galaxies and life just come and go in this eternal existence?  Life just has to find a way to stay alive in outer space with galaxies that come and go, otherwise life ends one day from something, including possibly a collapsing galaxy?
how come everything that amaze us?come from nowhere the wow signal came from a place where nothing is that came from outta nowhere what if something is tryna get in contact with us it could be life
"There is definitely dark matter in this location"? How do you "KNOW" that? Did you go and measure it?
Could we have “run into” the particle rather than it traveling to us? Maybe our solar system is moving towards the local void?
Can this be what was in the News papers in Norway yesterday? It was rays all over the place, like pillars of lights between houses and mountains. They where standing still as a light saber
Is it too powerful considering the Nullpunktenergie?
Are the void areas maybe the leftovers of a blackhole that has spread out over time?
What if these particles are a byproduct of something that 'created' the void in the fist place? Yes, I know that's a far out there explanation but that's how my mind works sometimes...LOL.
What I'm hearing is that we need to evolve to be able to FEED upon radiation!     Fortunately for me, I'm from New Jersey!  We got there LONG ago after this one missile silo on Route 539 caught fire and leaked plutonium... BUT WE ALL SURVIVED AND MUTATED INTO A NEW FORM:   The NJ Piney!     NOW NOTHING CAN STOP THE MONSTROUS POWER OF NEW JERSEY!!  MUWAH HA HA HA HA HA!
Do we need to build a Larger Hadron Collider?😂
Would it be possible to have come from further away if it had less stuff to collide with in the local void?
Why can we not collect these rays to generate power if there's so many and are so dangerous. There were ones made fun of for the theory of cosmic rays how funny it is now
Could it be as simple as particles colliding at the black hole and "bouncing back" at us?
When you said it came from nowhere in empty space. My first thought is from a white hole if those exist or a black hole ejecting out the light from stars it sucked in? Thoughts Anton?
Is the microphone installed for automatic translation??
So we don’t know exactly what kind of particle it was?  I’m wondering, if someone got directly hit by a stream of let’s say a trillion of Amateratsu particles, would they experience effects similar to being irradiated with gamma rays for example or would they be more dramatic?
What a lot of astrologists and scientists dont seem to realize is that the more they learn, the more confused they'll be. There's simply too much out there for our little brains and measly 5 senses to comprehend. I've seen things that i know mankind will never understand. The smarter you are, the more you realize your ignorance .
Is clear that empty space do not exist !
Can this be simply explained with black hole whose jet is pointing toward us ?
Could time uncouple from  mass?  Could those voids in the universe hold lots of strange matter?   🇦🇺🤜🏼🤛🏼😎🍀
Does anyone really believe IBM when they say their RAM faults are due to cosmic rays?  If so, would you like to buy a bridge?
Could the sun's magnetic field, hemisphere,  or heliopause have something to do with weaker ones not being detected more than high energy ones?
Very interesting! How do iron cosmic rays differ from all the others?
Hello wonderful ppl! One question i have for quite a long time is about Dyson swarms and the resulting shrinkage of the heliosphere. Would that negatively afect the solar system? For once in those years i think i have a yes!....?
Is it possible magnetars or kilanovae could produce some of these? Or perhaps if a low-velocity cosmic ray happens to pass really close to an intermediate-mass black hole and get an extreme speed-boost from it?
And are we to understand that these particles along with cosmic rays in general are not included in IPCC’s calculations and modelling?
What stops us from thinking is a short burst of a rogue planet swallowed by a small black hole in our nearby void? The event horizon of a small black hole is making it impossible to be detected...
This is all just speculation, but I think dark matter or dark energy has a lot of weight in these events. If the limit of how far these cosmic rays can travel involves the cosmic microwave background radiation, and dark matter is seemingly invisible to electromagnetic radiation, then it would make sense why these particles manage to maintain such high energy. We also know that dark energy accelerates the expansion of the universe, but what if there's some mechanism where it could accelerate dark matter particles?
Is this an information exchange from another planet ?  obviously from the void, is this the key of an intelligent message ?
What if... it is a message...
Have you ever thought to consider we are in the multiverse and Thanos has not died?
What i find interesting is how literally everything is just data. You, me, the sun, sub-atomic particles. Just data. Everything.
Microphone is doing an amazing job. What I hear, though, includes room reverberation and mouth sounds. It's great so far as realism, but maybe move it back a couple inches or add a windscreen?
When a subatomic particle is more famous than you
Who knows? Maybe we will one day look in a certain direction at something and receive particles at the same time which could at least help us hone a narrower window.
So, from something beyond the observable universe?  It released before it got too just too far ?
Hi Anton 👋😁 What did you say at the end of the video ? Tiramisu?
Question:    The idea that the particle could not be bent because it is so powerful.   Does that assume this is a proton with a charge of 1?       Would that same conclusion still hold if it were say an iron nucleus with a charge of 26?   What is it was even larger with a charge higher charge?
I know even less than nothing, so this is a very ignorant question with perhaps an an obvious answer, but what would a majority-dark matter accretion disk “look” like, if anything? Could some of these things be ejected from a thing like that? Could we even know?
What I think is happening with these cosmic rays to make them so powerful is due to a type of lensing.  For example if there are undetectable smaller black holes in close enough proximity to each other that in a sweet spot between them cosmic rays came escape.  Meaning that they are pulled and accelerated from the side away from us in toward the black holes and then exit at that sweet spot at a higher rate of speed and energy.  Much like how a fresnel lens works.  Thanks for this video Anton!  I very much like this kind of thought experiment.
Amaterasu huh, was the particles last name Uchiha?
So sun weakening lets in mote cosmic rays, and cosmic rays are known to increase cloud formation. Correct ?
Why have all your recent videos made me want to "dehydrate?"
(silly) question from a non- physicist: would expanding space have had any effect on this particle - it could have originated beyond the Void..?
Wonder if any of these particles are the result of a slingshot maneuver near a black hole or  alike ?
Is anyone modeling the shape of the voids?  Are the voids shifting, expanding, or collapsing? Maybe 200 million years ago there was something in the location the particle came from that moved or vanished.
Can we ever collect and use this engery since it is in the ultahigh range ?
When I was in college in the early 60’s, one of my profs flew cosmic ray balloons in Central America…
Does a tin foil hat provide protection from these ultra high energy particles?
Would have been prudent to mention that the Earth's own magnetic field is currently weakening...
do we know the trayectory of the omg particle? it passed through earth or like near it.  cool video.
Could cosmic rays get a gravity assist as it swings by or around entire galaxies on its long journey towards Earth?
how do they backtrack where charged cosmic rays come from; as a charged particle, magnetic fields will alter the trajectory via Lorentz force=vxB, magnetic field: solar and galactic and extra-galactic magnetic fields aren't well known to my knowledge.  are the energies so large that it doesn't matter?
What if a very heavy and fast particle were actually an atom?
What if they are lost rays, akin to lost bullets? Maybe there is a war out there.
couldn't the pull from gigantic black holes change the trajectory of these particles?
What would be the reality if your body was hit by one of these? Its stated as the power of a bvaseball but thats very hard to understand. Would you notice? Would you develop something as innocuous as a mole or something far more serious like cancer? Or would nothing happen at all?
If the cosmic ray is too energetic to be shifted off course, then I imagine other light would not be. Perhaps we won’t find the culprit in the local void?
Why do I need to see the microphone to know that is you that is talking? Does YouTube think that we that dumb?
Maybe it's just the void staring back?
Does this mean, this could be a cause of people getting cancer? Getting smacked by OMG causing DNA damage...
They may be downloading their language to key people in preparation for their arrival. Did it happen in the last 3 days?
So i'm randomly and sporadically getting hit in the head with lead particles? Im going to use this next time i fail a test. 😁 Interesting though, that there are "hot spots" since the earth is always rotating?
That Void area sounds very interesting.  Perhaps that's where God lives?
Ultra-massive black holes that ate everything else that was in the void?
did the detection of the particle coincide with the solar storm we just had some days back? i know it was  stronger that normal and really disrupted the earths magnetic field
From 100 MLY away, or more, Earth is less then a speck of dust in a small solar system out on the edge of a galaxy. Who and why is this planet the target?
What if these particles are powerful enough they are tunneling?
Just a thought. Could a Void have anti-matter? Does it have gravitational attraction or repellantation?
Why doesn’t this knock out (more) satellites
Are they intending to do a long exposure with James webb into one of these voids??
Hi Anton, i bought your wonderful person shirt and love it!  I do have an question... There's a group that called themselves; the creative society.. and They say we will die soon because of extinction event.. what do you know about it?
So are those voids then black holes????
Who saw that floppy disk on top of the hard drive and said oof aswell 😅
IS IT.. ALIENS??   "How many times do you think we should shoot the raygun at them? "  "I donno, maybe 2"
perhaps some of these particles have been accelerated through an Einstein ring?
I wonder if these particular particles are a part of whatever’s pushing everything apart…
may a catastrophic oh my gawd particle hit earth and trigger the 5th extinction
Does anyone else think that we are about to meet like  millions of different timeliness of earth or earth like planets lol or am I crazy
What about a rogue black hole? Idk if that's even a thing but why not right?
If this was amaterasu how did they extinguish the flames without a MS or EMS?
Could they be more common than we thought, and the voids have less stuff to slow them down? Just my uneducated guess.
What if every time we think we detect one, its just a bit flip from a different wave.
Will we use the james webb to look into that void?
Does one particle constitute a cosmic ray?
The new mic 🎤 is definitely worth it, it's way better sound. Wonder if one of those omg cosmic rays hit the brain? Would it cause 💀 or just make you see a flash or do nothing?
What if cosmic rays are just the remanants of a previous universe which died of heat death but whose left over particles are floating through space at an extreme speed relative to us?
Are we in danger? Ate these the firsts of many more to come?
Could universal expansion be giving particles the bums rush.
I too am too powerful to make sense. Or really I just mainly don’t make sense and infer the other for a bit of gloss. Make sense?
Who is the first person to do something really cool
So, if a lot of it, could dark matter and or dark energy gain enough enough mass to make black holes created by Dark matter?
When impossible things keep happening you know your fundamental concept is just wrong start over
The energy of a brick dropped from waist height, in one proton. That's going to leave a mark, right?
Who named this new element AMATERASU and is it because of the myth that she hid herself in a cave and sealed the opening so that the world lost the sun and it's light till she showed up again ?   Was it discovered by a Japanese researcher(s) ?
If cosmic rays impact computers to such a degree per year, what effect do they have on living things? Are they the cause of the random occasional pinprick pains you might feel for seemingly no reason? Could they cause hallucinations if they hit the brain? Sores? Cancer? Or would they tend to just pass through you without causing much local damage?
A high energy particle that got a gravitational kick while passing through a black hole accretion disc?
What if ETs use the Local Void like we use salt flats?
is this OMG particle james okeefe ?
15:45 lol, killed me with that. Was that an Itachi impression?
Am i the only one that lasted long enough to catch my guy going full anime with that last ameterasu?
Was that a sneaky Marvel movie type ending? lol
Source from (a currently unseen) galaxy behind the voids?
Are we just part of a overall organization of parts that make up a much more complicated entity... the one that seemingly isn't paying attention ? Sometimes when I was young and trying to make sense of it all I noticed that everything seems the same just upsized or miniaturized... seems like the structure is similar.  I'm just not sure we aren't a part of something much bigger and the fact we inherently have a odd sense we are?? I'm kinda fluid on all subjects about and around what is actually going on.. I'm of the opinion that we are far from asking the right questions and I'm not sure we can have the perspective to see enough to postulate.
So thats not snipers trying to take me out ?
could it have come from the sun
Can’t these rays be stirred by a massive object? Maybe it doesn’t come from the void but something in it made it change directions, unless it has a way to measure the distance trackers like redshift for light?
Is it just me or is that Mickey Mouse in the Star from the thumbnail.
I wonder if the Magnetars can accelerate g-rays if they pass close enough....
Maybe the voids contain an absurd amount of supermassive black holes?
How many decades were in between the first two?  Now just days apart?  🤔
but would they give me superpowers anton?
OMG, a cosmic ray with the energy of a near speed of light baseball?
I wonder what kind of particle it is.
how did it connect with the larger gravity wave movements.
What if something isn't a void but merely looks like one?  A massive black hole the size of an entire galaxy might look like a void.  Also tons of particles could limit visibility, especially with diverse compositions.  Just random thoughts.  Love your content and your willingness to share.
Is there any phenomenon that can increase a particle's energy? Like we use a planet's gravity to boost vehicles in space.
Could these particles be related to Hawking radiation?
I was thinking... What if there's a cosmic string in that direction? Could it interact with something... And explain it?
Did you _REALLY_ mean to say it came from *"... in the nearby Universe ..."?  Now you're **_SPOOKING ME!_*  Clarification:  I'd always heard there was only ONE Universe, y'see!  Now you're saying there's another one - nearby?  Brrr!
How about a science themed canard?   Someone in that region of space finally figured out the tech so he/she/it could send "intelligent life here!" messages out.  If we can't send one back, we'd be beneath their notice.  And we're not in the way of anyone else's return transmission. We'll never know . . .   Sorry.  Will let myself out along the seven sigma surety.
I wonder if some particles can ride gravitational waves like a surfer
