Me: huh... Grunty going back to school sounds... WAIT YOURE 30????
I swear you can catch a mareep before falkner, theres a patch of grass before the guy no?
Wouldn’t a lvl 70 not obey you until you beat a certain about of gyms?
Why struggle in falkner if you have those insane single typing starters?? Not bayleef of course. Even zubat, geodude, dunsparce (which is accidentally encounter on swarms), unown, mareep can dilly dally with falkner  and bugsy.
When it comes to obliterating the early game, it appears that the bird is the word
Okay, I agree that Staraptor is a great long term team member to catch early and keep on the team but like. Wasn't this about beating the first couple of gyms? bc you can say Close Combat but there is NO way you're getting to a high enough level to learn that before Roark so what gives?
Is no one going to mention the way he pronounced Makuhita?
HOW TO BEAT BROCK IN POKEMON YELLOW  1. Catch MANKEY in ROUTE 22  2. Grind it to LEVEL 9 to learn LOW KICK
How to game the fun out of the game
Do I detect a bit of Team Sky biased 🤔.   But honestly they are just super good pokemon
Wait is the 1% SOS chain Salamence not available before the first totem mon?
17:00 what do you mean they had bad IVs? I thought they were random 0 to 31?
Is this guy trolling recommending Onyx?
"Farfetch'd is a terrible pokemon" me: EXCUSE ME? HOW DARE YOU, SIR!?
Which zigzagoon the Galar or the hoeon one
People still pretending that Charmander struggles with Brock. 🤣🤣🤣🤣 How bad at Pokémon are you?
why do i actually agree on the starly part
what about bellsprout? wouldnt be better? in gen 1
Are we still getting "the best fossil Pokémon in every game video?"
What im hearing is that ppl these days are playing pokemon on ez mode... bring back complicated difficult pokemon games...
Where is team sky in Pokemon ultra moon or ultra sun but more or so ultra moon
Can you make a video on fixing the pokemon type chart
What this video made me realize is that so many games have bug or grass early gyms. Honestly they could have innovated after so many years and chose not to
2:52 uhh... you mean anaesthetist?
are you going to talk how shitty Nintendo or should I say Shitendo is? Patenting creature summoning and riding them
Yo, what's that pelicunt seagull thing in Pokemon Sapphire?
Has anyone ever told you that you’re like the Ted Lasso of Pokémon? Because you’re the Ted Lasso of Pokémon.
How do I use the universal randomizer on the phone emulators?
Could have swore you could get Abra (and evolve to Kadabra) before the first gym. Much more useful if you can trade and evolve to Allakazam(sp?) in trade than Butterfree later.
When are you going to do Pokémon sword or shield but I’m team sky!
Is anyone talking about the little editing details through the video? Very good subtle edits to make the video more immersive
When I found this channel and heard him speak I thought I accidentally clicked a Greg Doucette video
Do a team sky video in the galar region and conquer the eternamax skies with the goat corvinight
may be a hot take, i actually really enjoy two of the monkeys in gen 5.  i always take pansage in black/black2 but i have a panpour in pokemon X of all places that  actually is my team's ace.  i mean to the point that its 94 and the rest of my team is just over 75.
Can we speak on how funny (or ironic depending on how you look at it) it is that hawlucha wasn’t in the base game of sun and moon at the same time a certain Pokémon was introduced. If ya know ya know 👀🤣
For the alolan one the lv 2 salamence you can get via the horde battles should be better?
@mandjtv  have you done a video where you level all the gym leaders Pokémon at like 50 and see which gym leaders really have the strongest team in each game?
20:08 are you sure it’s not the level 17 Salamance?
Why not get a mew for gen 1? You can get one in viridian with a glitch
Hol up, alola's best is not the salamence via SOS bagon????!????
24:22 but will the suicide obey because there is lots of LV caps and you need to beat every gym to able to use sucine?
...Alright, but can you do this list for people who hate in-game trades?
What about of dish in FR and LG. Leech seed, poison powder, absorb and growth
Wait, why is Onix only the second highest?? Who has more defense???
Can we do a video on how basculin red and blue has four abilities including the traid
So there is no masters degree for crime...does this mean Grunty Boy is "getting his degree" by preying on children?
4:58 what about Geodude? Honestly I was expecting you to pick Geodude. What Pokémon is your choice without trades?
Why do they have to have nicknames
did u grow taller? your camera is so low down in this lol
Is it not a little weird to call Bulbasaur the best first Pokemon to catch on Lets Go, when you need a Catch-Combo to spawn it?
Why are you putting let's go classified as a mainline game? Just because it's on the switch and it's a mainline game region?    Edit: nevermind, you put legends too...
No mention of the comically underleveled Salamence on Alola Route 3?
What is this game where do i download it?
cant you get a super early level salamence in sun and moon before the first totem fight?
13:20 Am I mistaken that you can also find Audino in the shaking grass on Unova route 1 and 2?
When will team sky visit alola
Is Grunti Boy getting a Pokemon Master's Degree?
Someone here can Say to me what is the Best starter in pokemon diamond?
But how can Starly fare against Roarks Rock-types?
Might not be in the running for this specifically, but my Beautifly carried me so freaking far through my first playthrough of Ruby.  I was not expecting her to be such a utilitarian powerhouse.  Beautifly and Breloom.  I miss that save.
Can't you get salamence in sun and moon games
Why isn't the gen 8 choice "enter stone evo of choice here" that has a stone that can be found in the wild area? Power trip rookidee or intimidate flamethrower arcanine, what's going to destroy the early game harder?
My question is, where do you find a Flamigo at level 4?
I need to see more of Grunty Boi's education journey, please. And then a PhD in crime. Dr. Grunty Boi? Grunty Doc? Doctor Boi?
What emulator do you use? I had one but I started having computer issues after downloading it so I don’t trust it to download it again
For Sun/Moon, aren't you able to catch lv 5 Salamance on the first island?
Are we not counting the lvl 3 Salamence in the Alola games?
Level SIX or SEVEN you say?
How do you get the trade evolutions on delta emulator?
The level 9 salamence in alola: am I a joke to you?
Wouldn’t the early game Salamanca be the best Pokémon for Alola?
19:28 Next Team Sky when?
How to make a Team Sky recruiting video without it being a Team Sky video  (Rookidee is one of my new fave regional birds. I caught a full odds shiny one of the first routes in my playthrough!)
Did you forget in Sun and Moon you can get a pre first trial Salamence?
11:37 Why would you remind us?
Did you forget that ralts also evolved into gallade, he has a move for every battle you need
Had to go back to the team sky play through of black after hearing how disgusted Mikey still is about the monkey and lack of early flying types 😂
Which scene made you laugh the most?
Isn't there a salamence in early alola
what pokemon in gen 1 has a higher defence than onix?
I can’t for the life of me understand why Onix physical attack is so weak! It is the longest and tallest rock type. It’s a rock snake how does it NOT hit hard?
15:38 what did you just say?
Have you played the new pokemon snap dlc?
can't wait for this video to be remade in 30 days when Z-A comes out
27:00 since you technically catch your starter shouldnt that count for this?
What about the Salamance in Sun and Moon?
4:50  No, I'm wondering why you didn't mention the geodudes you can get in Dark cave?
i wonder how grunty boi is going to pay for a masters degree in crime. certainly not by doing crime. that would be ridiculous
I don't know if you can, but can't you get Salamence through SOS before the first trial in Alola?
21:10 don’t rock moves deal neutral damage to hawlucha?
What's your opinion on the new megas for the Z starters?
Which is a better name for farfetched Quacklin or Ch-Ding
21:36 Hawlucha is a bird?
Can't wait to see what's the 1st Pokemon we should catch when Pokemon Legends Z-A comes.
I never played Let's Go but I know that held item don't exist. So how does Mega Evolution work?
We have a flying/fighting type based on a flamingo and a luchador so why do we not have one based on a cassowary?
Where is salamence for gen 7😅
Can't you just grab a Geodude in Dark Cave in Gen 2?  Just as great defense, gets Rock Throw at level 11, magnitude at 16.  Seems it should be a tie in my opinion.
Did he put BIDOOf in WEAK!?!
How do you come up with your ideas for videos?
Can someone tell me how to use the randomizer
Couldn’t you argue that salamence is the best for the alolan games ??
How dare you disparage Butterfree! In every playthrough of Kanto I've done my first team to beat the Elite Four always includes Butterfree & Beedrill! 2:40  In the Gen 3 Kanto Games you just get Charmander evolved to Charmeleon & lvl 20 you can sweep Brock's Gym with it using Metal Claw! 7:35  Bulbasaur is the worst Kanto Starter! 23:00
How I’m the heck do you do your self and your grungy boy alter ego in one video I’m impressed is it a split screen
Can’t you get Munna before the gym in Gen 5?
WHEN I SAW YOUR VID MY LITTLE CPYUSIN WAS WITH ME I SAD TO HER THIS VIDEO WILL BE ABSOLUTE CINEMA
Do a Mystery Dungeon Edition of this
can you do best team for every region/game
Can’t you catch a Mareep before Falkner in Crystal only?
When does team sky go to Alola? Also I think it would be funny if team sky will do a randomized playthrough
Are we sure that this isn't a Team Sky video?
This video is telling me I need to do another run of a Pokemon game. But which one...?
Video idea: (Assuming Pokémon are carnivorous, Pokédex agrees) What Pokemon would wild Pokémon eat?
21:02 how's hawlucha weak to rock?
can't you catch pidove before ther 1st gym in black&white?
Could you beat any of the hm games without having a flying type
mandjtv as the voice of the deltarune community will you ever do a deltarune playthrough?
Wouldn't the silcoon/wurmple also be a good option?
15:38 What were those numbers??
What he said at 15:38 almost made me lose my mind. I'm so cooked, chat.
Did you know Pikachu is the 25th entry in the national Pokedex.
Isn't Poliwag available pre gym one in yellow?
Isn't Alakazam better than Gardevoir with the special attack?
Rocky in gen 2 isn't that good for bugsy though?! It'll disobey you when its over level 10, so doesn't that hinder its usefulness?
werent you able to catch a salamance before the first totam in sun and moon?
I wonder what first Pokémon is going to be the most useful for Legends Z-A... guess we'll have to wait until the game comes out to find out
11:33 - wait wait wait . . . what's on that note. What aren't you showing us? Why are you keeping secrets?
Boost riolu's friendship from 6 or 7?
Do you have a reaction video about the latest trailer of ZA ?
How dare YouTube keep this man’s content from me for an hour.
What about Marill is found in the tall grass on Route 104 alongside Wingull, but, both overlap with Mudkip's Water Type. *HOWEVER!* Lotad is the best choice if you're using Torchic as you'll likely have a Lombre & Combusken ready for Roxanne, plus Lombre would have Absorb from the Lotad stage at Level 7.   There is one main downside: Lotad is only caught in Emerald/ Sapphire, so you have to trade one to Ruby if you want Miror B.'s favorite Pokémon. This also applies for Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire.   Marill is *only* found on Route 104 in Tall Grass if you're playing Emerald; Wingull has the unfortunate fate of both being strong against & weak against Roxanne, making anyone using it, struggle. *Watch Pokémon Emerald, but, I'm Team Sky for more information. Only available on the MandJTV Plays Channel.*
What about oddish in gen 1 tho- not only is it strong vs rock, it also will be strong vs misty later due to it being a grass type. It can get absorb for self sustain and evolve at level 21 (B4 misty) to be a gloom which has even better stats.
Where's the school that teaches Crime?
For Gen 2, what level will Onix start disobeying the trainer before fighting Falkner?
This is really cool Mikey.  Also Someone made a Pokémon fan game out of Mario characters from its franchise called Super Mariomon. What do make of it?
15:38 what did he just say??
How can I not know that after Gen 3, Low Kick inflicts more damage the heavier the pokemon in terms of the graph? I just never considered interpreting it in such a context. I read move sets all the time, especially from the recent game releases, but this was a surprise.
When it comes to Scarlet and Violet, I’m not surprised that it was Flamigo who was chosen as the best early Pokémon, I’ve used one and it was absolutely amazing and so fun to use, I am surprised you didn’t mention the Teal Mask DLC as you can access it after dealing with the Academy tutorial.
Who cares about special or physical, it means nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can confirm I swept paldea after finding a shiny Flamigo less then 30 minutes in
nidoran male is great against BrocK! But yeah I normally get a butterfree, they are great early game for catching other pokemon between sleep, poison, and paralyze powders Can't you get a Mareep egg in gen 2 in the same violet city so can have it for the gym, or is that just gen 4?... Isn't Salamence the best choice in Sun and Moon and Ultra Sun and Moon?
Dude, why got through the rigamarole of bothering to catch Bellsprout to trade for an Onix when Geodude does the exact same thing but better?
When I saw that he was counting in game trades I knew that he would pick Spearow in USUM because it gets you Cha the Hawlucha, Hawlucha is so good in Alola and it doesn't overlap with ANY of the starters, whenever I play USUM I always grab a Spearow to get Cha for my team 😉
Was surprised that the SOS Salamanca didn't beat out pikipek in sun and moon 🤔
With all the invasions of grunty boy, why Michael never bought a gun?
Could you make av video about every hoenn pokemon gamefreak forgot ? Like you did with kanto and jotho
Have to agree with your Sword/Shield pick... First thing I caught and honestly got a shiny on my first encounter, making it my first ever non event shiny... I will always have a soft spot for this mon...
Was about to ask about the 1% Salamence in Gen 7 before realising it was probably after the first trial
Small correction - doesn't fighting resist rock, cancelling out Hawlucha's weakness?
Where is the reaction video for gem 6 mega starters reveal and raichu x and y . Where is your reaction video. If he has posted anything please tell me guys
what level can you start boosting riolu's friendship in x and y?????
17:43 Isn't Hariyama learning brine a reference to sumo wrestlers throwing salt at the begging of their matches?
11:05 what is the universal randomizer?
Micky, what's your opinion on Nintendo greed in context of Z-A kalos starters mega being locked behind a internet battle pay-wall?
How many of you guys just never cared about early route pokemon most of the time.
Can you make an update to the best/worst Pokemon of every type?
No, the first pokemon you should 'catch' is the lv 100 hacked shiny legend your friend gives you.   Also, Mikey, what are your thoughts on the new megas and dlc gor Legends ZA revealed at the nintendo direct back on Friday?
