Who cares what the judges say? SBM knows he won, and the people who witnessed it know too. The damage doesn’t lie—it’s written all over your face after the fight. Only blind followers and haters would claim otherwise.I'll give it to Allen—he's too tough for his own good. He realized after the fight that he would never face SBM again. Anyone else would have been knocked out in the first round.Respect
Can't stand sonny, well done gallon
His FACE tells the  REAL STORY  ! ...now have a look @ SBWs  face ...only  STRAYLIANS could go against a  KIWI/SAMOAN,..bloody road killed  GALAHS  ?
Can't say I am a fan of Paul Gallen and I thought the fight was even. SWB has more class with boxing, but Paul was able to take the hits. God bless to both men
What a load of you now what. Split decision.  If you have a rematch and win maybe I'll change my mind.
Could have gone either way, the point deduction was dubious, Gal was hitting in the breaks as well. Think gals face got tagged more ..lucky to get away with that one Gal.
Can you believe they brought COVID into it?
Gallen is a great guy. He deserves a long career in the media now. He speaks clearly and plainly and it's always entertaining when you hear him on the radio or on TV. I'm sure there will be an autobiography coming out soon - I heard that Dave Riccio was his ghost writer. In shops by Xmas????
A coffee with wild mushrooms for one of them?
Who gives a fuck if you want to have a coffee together? Geez, 🥱
Who really cares about two old hasbeens .just y money hungry
How the fuck did gal win this fight
Is Williams still a mussy? Well done Paul, achieved your goal.
You think he’s happy it’s over?
Who won look at gallen face
Did they send it up to the bunker to make the call ?
Did G Train get hit by a train ?
I thought facial marks on Gallen compared to SBW tell the story ..Ask the Oz ex champs ,who won this fight ?
SBW should’ve been disqualified for holding gallen reverse for Nelson. What kind of weak crap is that?
Was really surprised when they said Gallen won. Thought it should have gone to sbw
What a fucking back step from all the mouth this week Gallen both grubs
Paul Galen such a good guy I don't know what sbw probably was sbw needs to relax and stop grand standing we know sbw likes to think he some kinda religious try hard I do you think god will jump in the ring and punch another person in the head?
What happened to your face m8😂😂😂
Mate , you've got  SBW colours/ claws .. all over ya face  ?
What a ridiculous speech,  what ridiculous questions.. All a joke
Robbery! SBW should've won wtf?
May God bless you both former Rugby Legend 🙏♥️
What a champion Gall! Thank you for showing such great heart as a  fighting sportsman.
How did he win? Barely landed any shots. Should of stayed retired
What a fuckin joke mann, ahh well good on yas for takin some shots i guess ... 🤯
But are you happy it’s over?
Coffee. Youd rather a juice Gal...?
Haha asking about the paided per view money already?
