why are the character models so ugly in this trailer
3:14 THAT IS VYSE RIGHT?
why not just jump off the map in abyss
how is vandal tht much accurate
so who's the bad side? Parallel Universe or The Hour glass?
People keep speculating that the end is just the new character but idk, it looks a lot like Omen's hand to me, what if that's Omega Earth's Omen? I don't think we've seen him on the other side yet, right?
Its only me our everyone think coming soon have 1 more monster agent ?
What is this music? 03:20
I HAVE A QUESTION: Why are these camera shaking movements at 2:51 ?
What was that at the last of video, new agent?
What was that at last , can somebody explain to me?
Wait whos tge kast oersin in this video? Omen? Or new char??
How do you buff Neon so hard and viper can't even lift the smoke on round now. Me quiero arrancar las greñas de los huevos
Anyone looking to buy valo id? I am selling my id worth 20k for 10k around as i dont play anymore anyone from india interested to buy?
when will you guys fix the crashes bruh.
why am i suspended  is it my lack of boundaries? others didn't seem to care when i made mine very clear
How to balance duelists: (since youre only making them un-fun)  Revert all nerfs to jett dash  Revert all nerfs to raze satchel  Add a dash to reynas dismiss(you almost did this!!)  Yoru is fine and strong. Duelists should win their gunfights.  Somehow make phoenix viable (honestly just add a dash to the flash)  Iso is incredibly strong with the recent changes and does not need a dash because shield.  Neon is nice, but give her 2nd stun back to compensate for other duelist buffs.
Valorant mobile: ? Where will it be available? When will it come out?
Will I be compensated for this cyber incident? And I want the 10 R point
@Valorant, why the game is so buggy in the new map????
who do we think was in the ice at the end?
would be fun to watch with a "Replay System" how some would die falling off lol
Is the last thing at the map trailer possibly agent 8?
Is this last scene any spoilers for the new character?
Whose hand was shown at the end ?
2:30 can anyone give him some gavanized square steels??
someone tell me whose hand it is at 3:14? reyna?
Can u buff sage healing little bit  plZzz Iso and reyna buff is too much to handle
Can't wait for another new agent. With 3 blinds, 2 smokes, and an ult that instakills anyone anywhere on the map, but it's a sentinel.😂
OHHH IS THE GUY IN THE BLUE CRYSTAL SOMEONE RELATED/SIMILAR TO OMEN???
No one is going to talk about the end with the hand that looks like Omen's?
What was the creature in the end??
hey anyone know what are acronym AJ and VX in the coordinates in the beginning of the video ?
When I TP like that as omen i wake up dead
Where is the ping limiter of CS GO ???? Valorant hu ?? just asking. Bc the guy who come on other server for ping advantage need to K '/ $
Is that a glimpse of new agent at the end of this trailer?
Agent 7, or am I wrong?
Can you guys add a new agent named Rey and the abilities are driving a taxi?
New agent sneak peak in the end ???
3:10 is that new agent or what??
Who is in the last scene guys
are fracture and pearl still gonna be out of comp???
Wait what was that at 3:14 Is that a new upcoming agent? Or is he just for the lore?
are we getting a fricking rocket launcher ?
3:12 is that Omen, Agent 8 or someone completly different?
IS THAT A NEW HERO?? 3:33
Anyone knows about the end score???
the hand at the end gonna be a new agent teaser?
Can u fix sreen loadings problems im dying bc of it
Why is Iso so hot tho
When is the map coming out
was that a teaser for a new agent at the end ?????????????????
When is the map releasing in asia servera
Do we have a new agent?
3:12  wtf was that a new agent or something?
Was the last part is a new agent????? I wonder what class of agent it is
Who is hiding in the ice??
was that reyna in the end or a new character?
when does the new map release?
Can't wait to fight the abyssel mage 🔥🔥✍️
WHAT IS THAT ON 3:14 ????
wait is the person they show at the end agent 8?
can't believe Valorant, they put clove in cinematics so she might die a lot in them and they wont even care because she is immortal.  😑
wait wait wait.... why is no one talking about the ending of the cinametic.... who tf is that in the case??? new agent?
why is the animation soo goofy
Why clove in this cinematic look so ugly than the loading screen?
sooo is the new agent gonna be ice themed??
Can we get our Valorant Anime already?
did anyone notice the end part there with the silhouette of a person? new agent…?
Is the "beast" at the end the guy who's locker used to be 8?.. I wonder🤔
Why do the models look weirder than from the cinematics
How did they dare assume the gender of the enemies ?
New agent on the last scene?
Is the end a agent teaser????
ooooooooooo THis map looks like lotus and ascent mixed together. 3:13 Is that a nex agent or something?
why omen reload twice without shooting in the beginning💀
Is it just me or you cringe real bad when they say thier in-game lines
may i ask valorant why they have such god awful screen ratios for their cinematics
İm a the only one who thinks cinematics are just getting worse?
Hey Valorant, just wanted to ask if Ruyi staff right click could be bonk instead of poke?
was that a new agent in the last shot
When i see this map im dodging XD
Why this video is in 21:9 resolution but the game does not support this resolution? I wanna play valorant but black bars on the sides are disgusting.
what's up with the end do we get another new agent?
need answerss who was tht agent in the last i think new agent??
is that a new agent reference in the end?
New monster hero at the end?
Is that a new Agent in the last?🥶
i love that song, whats name of song?
When the maps are gonna rotate?
Why nobody talking about new agent teaser...........
so is nobody gonna talk about 3:13????
What would be the new agent. Duelist i guess
so the screen when i open the game is the peek of new map ?
Is the New agent in the last?
Where can you find this music?
why is no1 talking about that frozen person at the end? i breathe lore, i need to know... is it finally agent 8??? plssssssss
is no one talking about the new agent teaser at the end of the film
i wonder how the map will look like in the replay system
Is there any new agent to come with the new map?? Becuz at last they showed something which is unreal 😳
Why not show the map instead of having a pointless animation
Was that a new agent at the end or am i tripping?
will there be a new agent bcs of the end
What happened to the animation team"??
what is that thing at the end of the vid?
can't wait for a valorant series
when can we play this map on PBE?
is that clove just pressing "space" and "G" at the same time? why throw the gun ?
What is that character design, looks terrible
A new aganet in the end of the video ? or what ?
why does it look like they used terrible graphics on cloves util
is the end a teaser for something....new agent..the hand....
So are we getting a new agent next act?
Is that a hint for a new agent too??? 3:15 🧐🤔
Am I the only one who thinks the quality of the art and cinematic rendering has gotten worse?
What was that in the ending? Is there a new agent awakening? Or perhaps a monster that helps out in hunting anything down
Can't wait for Valorant BR mode
1:01 hey that picture is the signal that the new 26th agent coming?
Does anyone feel that the music at the end of the video is very fiery?
Who was in the ice , in the end 🙂
What is this goofy ahh animation
So what if Jett holds the spacebar to fall down slowly?
wait is the last clip teeser for new agent?
why does this animation look like it was made by someone from fiver for 5$ ?
is it me or is Omen bad ?
no one talk about omen fake tp ?
who's hand was it in the last scene ....new agent?
Can we get an animated tv show from Valorant already
Is the music at the end of the trailer published ?
3:15 Is that the teaser of the new Agent?
Is that mirror world omen in the hour glass at the end?
Is that last part hind for new agent?
at the ending of the video who is it? A new character?
is it only me or the animation changed? Like look at the sunset reveal trailer and this one, the sunset one just looks so much better and like they used to in comparison to this one. what happened?
3:13 quite creepy , is it new agent?
How much do you guys pay Artists/Animators
1:50 is that wall hack?
yo is that what i think at the end???? NEW AGENT???
CAN'T WAIT FOR MAP VETO
When will you remove sunset from the map pool?
new map anddd new agent?? who was that at the end?? was it omen?
3:11 is this sneak for the new agent?
1:23 no one gonna talk about that flexinja move?
Why is clove taking cover and not running it all down if they are immortal?
why is clove's spectre can one shot?
I think valorant needs a pve mode like a story mode no??
Why is valorant obsessed with omen
why dis trailer look crappy compared to the previous ones?
WHAT HOW WOULD SAGE RES THE PERSON WHO FELL IN THE PIT????😰😰
I like how they added little details like checking your magazine but still kept the movie/game chuck your empty one on the ground because you can't refill them right?
Yo can we talk abt the end part?
Is that a knife only bundle valorant is selling?
Omg wait in the hourglass.... Was that...ANOTHER OR EVIL OMEN?
3:14 is that a new agent?
Could do a moderately decent campaign one day
is it gona be a BATTLE ROYALE
why is clove on a half buy
So the desert eagle is coming right?
Could the monster at the end be agent 8????
As an Omen main, goddd this is epic! Monster huh?
This was one of the worst cinematics, what happend to the cinematic department? It went downhill. Used to be legendary! Anyways.. if Sage takes the lead does that mean Brimstone is dead?
Is that a new agent reference at the end of the trailer?
8 Legged horse in the weaponry showcase... perhaps teasing of an Odin named Sleipnir to come?
When you stare into the abyss..  The abyss stares back at you.
WAS THAT A NEW MONSTER AGENT LIKE OMEN IN THE END???
why no one talking about the beast in the end
could the person in ice be agent 8
yo at the last of the trailer there was something in there in the chamber , new character ?
Was that a new agent at the ending? Or omen?
new agent is also coming? what is that clip a foggy hand at least is it the new agent??
so no one is talking about new agent??
Can't wait to be one tapped run n gun desynced movements, full of cheaters.
Is that the new agent at the end of the video ?
is it me or the quality overall of the animation is worse than the previous map presentations or videos?
what even is that chamber at the end there? new agent confirmed already ⁉⁉⁉
Holy sh Cypher didnt die this time?
why is the artstyle like that? its not like other animation trailers, the quality seems really bad.
Who's hand it was in the end  New agent reveal??
What was that hand in the portal? Hmmm,maybe a new agent i suppose or story mode 😂
won't lie, it was a good short for a map trailer but nothing beats their act animated videos
Are you sure this trailer is for the new map? 😅
I don't understand, is there like two floor sites? Maybe three?
2:41 does that guy have a rocket launcher😢😢 ?
wait wait wait. is that a new agent in the hour glass ??
Can this map alr go out of rotation pls
how tf does a 9mm bullet from a spectre penetrate the guard's helmet
did they changed the Omen VA? he's sounding so weird
can't wait to watch my teammates die on the replay system when it comes out :D
is that a new agent in that freezer thingy
Can't wait to only be playing only7 maps at a time again :D
Is that the new agent at the end 😮🤔
1:51 okay what was this? WHY DOES IT LOOK SO CHEAP?
3:15      8'th  agent  had frosted?????
Is the monster inside the portal or ice the  Agent 8?!?! Maybe yes mabye no I WANT TO SEE VALORANT I will be waiting
Was that an agent leak in the last
I’m trickshotting, 1440 suicide ones swap, who wants to 5 man?
0:03 new map?! 1:01 new melee?! 2:40 new weapon?! 3:14 new hero?! 2:51 is that zellsis!!??
So when does Yoru ever come back in the animations?
did clover just said "I'm immortal" and not "we/are immortal" so this cinematic confirm that clover indeed She / He, and not They/Them
Did ur ui team or editor team change??
Why is nobody talking about the end? Like who is that..
what about end its OEMN or something CREATURE  3:09
Who else would want a pve system?
wait a min.... is is thaaat agent 8 ???????
Is that omen at the end or a new agent?
ARE WE GETTING CO-OP MODE? IS THIS A SIGN ?
What was the last character that appeared??😮😮
did omen just fake tp in a cinematic
Who's shown at the end of the trailer? Is it omen?
why is the animation so ugly💀
Did I just see a new agent??
Can we get some actual lore instead of more players?!
Why does Omen sound like Megatron for no legitament reason
As a cypher main, what if i put my trapwire in the middle of rope jump. The enemy is dead no?
I heard that the new map will be Bastion but now it is Abyss. Is it another map which will be added along with Bastion ??
was that new agent leak in the end
False video. Accurate Spectre? Double HA spectre kill? A couple single HS too. Who are they trying to fool?
Is this abyss possibly a spiral?
Is it just me or does this map seem absolutely gigantic?
where is the cypher dying part
What was the last ending omen doppleganger
when u r gonna put  heaven map again  ?
Was hoping we'd see clove die and come back
so we gonna ignore the fact tht they gave us the hint for the  new agent?
Are we getting a new agent also ??
When will this map release in valorant
So when is the movie released?
3:18 IS THAT HIM? THE MISSING AGENT 8?
what was teased in the last part?:OOO NEW AGENT??! OMEN REWORK!!!??
was that end hinting new agent?
Why do I have a feeling that I am going to love this map
Did omen...do  a fake teleport in this
do we can fall in this map?
was that agent 8 or some new agent in the end?
what was tht teaser at the end
So where do the reflections come in or the valorant legion come in. They're fighting the hourglass right but  in game, we'l be fighting the legion, why would they come to this map?
this is pretty cool, replay system?
so we can fall of the map now? cool I guess?
Is it just me or does this map feel like Vertigo from CSGO? I'm having the same vibes as I did when I saw the name for the map.
Is that a new agent sneak peek in the end?
can't imagine life with omen having more than 2 tps
whos hand is that in the last scene?
Is it only me or no one is talking about the new agent we saw at the end
Did they also teased new agent at end????
Is this a TDM or standard map?
Wait, where's the replay system?
3:12 new agent or who ?
Is there a new agent in last second?????
3:14 has to be agent 8 no?
Ice based agent at the end?
Why does it look like the texture quality has decreased with the previous trailers
But when is it coming out?
Is it me or the animation off?
why is no one talking about the end??? 💀 is it like a new agent ? or omen rework? idk
Was that a new agent leak at the end or the other omen?
Who was that at the end ? Looked like Reyna's hand.
3:09-3:15  can anyone can tell me who was inside?
At 3.14 is that a new agent teaser?
The animations are just getting more open and relaxed! I feel like a Valorant movie comin' up?
What are the chances thats agent 8 being held captive
What is this aomination of a map? Its like you combined haven , pearl and fracture 💀
Did they leak the next agent at the end?
did i just saw a glimpse of a new agent at the end?
No one gonna talk about the agent leak at the end?
First map with no boundaries? So when can die fall?
is it just me or this felt lower quality then usual
did nobody saw the that there was the new agent trapped in the abyss   I guess the missing agent
IS THERE IS ANY NEW AGENT COMING WHAT WAS THAT IN THE LAST
Can we just talk about the level of animation that riot graphic designers are at? The animation is smooth, yet realistic + comic style. Animating the gun mags, bullet tracers, aiming down sights and even facial expressions makes it feel like a movie of its own. I hope the animators get paid their worth and riot doesent just goble down on the profits themselves...
i wonder who the new champion they're teasing is gonna be!
Can we get yoru in the next trailer
3:13 is that new agent?
3:10 is that new agent?
3:10 is that new agent ?
NEW CHARACTER USING ICE POWERS? MAYBE A SMOKE ?
Can't wait for my team to just die by falling
Which map will they replace with this map Abyss?
Is this map available in Swiftplay?
Why is Clove 1 tapping with a spectre though lmao?
Wait wait wait wait wait. Does Scion have another omen???
why they give iso a tiny head and a giant fridge body
Riot does know how to make some good trailers ehh?
3:10 sooooo, new agent teaser ?
3:15 Lissandra it's that you?
Why are they talking in one liners lmao it is so cheesy
Is the new map representing a new Agent.? Who has the hands like omen.?
Bro at the end of the trailer was that a sign of new agent?
Why does this look like it was made in source
What was that last part  i jope its a new agent
Why does that Vandal at the start sound like a stinger
Why can’t my spectre do that 😢
can't wait to hate this map after i play it
Is it just me or does the animation seem a little off
Am i just the one kinda feeling that the cinematic right now feels like an MOBILE CINEMATIC ANIMATION?
is that a new agent in the cage at the end of the trailer
what was the thing at the end? New agent? Or is it just an enemy..
Why omen always baddass like this? OMG, the real main character 🥶
Why did omen wanted to show fear to clove ?
isnt this that roblox valorant map?
was that on purpose or he really missed? 😭😭 2:25
Is this a just a new map or a gamemode?? Pve gamemode?
3:07 There’s a new agent?
why is clove on half buy?
are they gonna switch the map rotation finally, they seriously kept in some of the most boring maps wtf, why does the game even need a "rotation" there's barely any maps unlike csgo, feels like they just copied it for the sake of copying it, or keep the rotation in competitive only if that's the reason
what a good map for our!
what was that cliffhanger....??? Is ther is new agent or some kind of monster packed in there..
agent reveal at the end is so cool! maybe its finally agent 8 and they hold the secret to omen, since that hand looks like reynas, but we know reyna isnt frozen, so maybe its her sisters, since omen was involved in similar experiments to that of reynas sister?
Is it me or the dialogues in this cinematic feels kinda... Off?
wait wait does the description say NO BOUNDARIES?
2:48 what is clove saying??
What was the last hint about ?
Does anyone know what gamemode this will be for?
Map looks good but when will it even arrive ?
new agent teaser at the end?
is no one gonna mention that possibly new agent tease at the end??
Is that a new agent at the end🤔?
what a way to end the map trailer with a cliffhanger showing the claw at 3:14 lol
Love the game but for some reason the animation looks a lot more cheaper and not as good as before. Still like it, but feels like something’s off yk?
wait' who was in the end? A new agent?
Where is it located in irl?
bro why the 2d fx is worse now??????
In the end there it's either the new agent, or its Omen's 'body'?
OMG is that agent 8 at the end???
2:24  Players can now actually fall in the map?
we gonna talk abt the claw in the barrier at the end????
is it me or I feel this animation have lower budget than the other trailers?
Last me kya new character tha?
map reveal and possible agent teaser aswell for future ????
new  agent or is it omen at the end?
Why there is no yoru in animations 😢
Are we SERIOUSLY CAN fell in the void now?? Ain't no way bruh imagine there's gonna be a troll that just jump off at every round
Is it just me or this animation looks like it was made in the paint?
3:13 who is this new agent?
does this mean there are spots in the map that if you fall you could die?
If all enemies and agents have the same guns, who are manufacturing and distributing them?
did you see that rocket launcher the enemy was holding very suspicious
is there gonna be a place in map player can fall off of the  map and die? hmmmm........
Can't wait to watch my team fail the easy parkour
So no one gonna talk about the end?
Did you see those sharp nails at the end! Shall we expect a new hot agent sir
Can't wait this game on console
Can't wait to fail the ledge jump and fall off to my death
3:15 we going horror mode @Riot?
2:26 oh dont tell me this new map has a death pit?
When will you put chamber in episode 😢
can i push my teammates off this map?
okkkk might be my new fav map, maybe? ... btw was that a new agent tease??
when will yoru have screen time
Is Omen's voice actor different?😢
can you die in the void?
A new map and a new agent tease at the end too?
what the sigma is going on
ARE U GUYS PLANING TO PUTT HAVEN BACK IN MAP ROTATION IN THE FUTURE
new agent glimpse at the end :O ?
did you guys see that monster in the end
new animal based agent in the end?
3:15 is this a new agent???
Is it agent 8 at 3:14 ?curious
DID OMEN JUST TP CLONE PEEK THE DUDE..... WTF
why is the specter so strong
We can jump off the map now?
Is it just me or does this animation look a bit half arsed?
why already another map bro, WE DON'T NEED ANOTHER MAP we need sunset and breeze GONE
Anyone else think they changed Omen's EN voice actor?
who's in the last in ice cube ?
in the end there is frozen omen or the monster?
It is me or this looks like sourcemaker animation?
Where my boy fade and cypher at we got logs that they might be here
Maybe the powerful ‘thing’ Omen was referring to was the mysterious silhouette we saw at the end? Perhaps Agent 8 or a new agent we can play later? *Edit 70°50'N 9°00'W is a Norwegian volcanic island in the Arctic Ocean. New Agent is from Norway?
Will be the 1st map with replay system
What happens whe you miss the jump
Why does clove look so creepy ??
CAN YOU ACTUALLY FALL OFF THE MAP?!?!?! :o
3:15 new agent or what?
New agent teased at the last?
Underground map what country is this? Nepal?
Could that be a new leaked agent from that one!? Who's that thing stuck on that Ice?
So who’s the new agent in the end?
Can Riot add this cinematic as a game mode?
Fan which country is this new map based on???
when the upd is gonna drop?
Can't wait to accidentally fall to my death! :D
Is it just me or this is the most low budget looks I've seen yet from Valorant cinematics 💀 I hope they didn't pay the same amount as the previous ones.
Is that new agent in the giant fridge? Or is another Omen?
How's no one here talking about 3:14?? The hand literally looks like omens'. Maybe an agent similar to him??
when the dune music hit i was like *pikachu shocked face*
Was this both a new map reveal and a new qgent teaser?
Why does this animation feel unfinished? There a some scenes where the lighting and props feel dry/untextured?
what about a replay system? no but honestly thx for all of ur work at riot
So new Omen agent coming soon and it looks like its a girl? Maybe his assistant, girlfriend, wife??
Was that last part a tease to the next agent?
ok but like an actual unique map for once???? riot? is it opposite day???
If clove is immortal, why is she playing like her life is on the line?
Why is no one talking about the person at the end!? :o
1:00 gaya and oni meelees, are they canon now?
How many people do you think will fall off the map on release? Since this map has "no boundaries".
Can't wait for my teammate to intentionally throw by jumping off the cliff
is it just me or does this starting to look worse
Why are they showing clove the meaning of fear
this map is gonna have hella gimmicks isnt it..?
Recently ive been having wierd ping spikes since the new update is that normal?
AINTNOWAY we can fall to our deaths in a map now!!??
What happened to the animation??? This looks good, but fan-made compared to normal tbh
Any chance we get to use that RPG weapon ?
Is this gonna be a map where waves of enemies come at you?
can u actually fall off the map?
Could the person inside the vault be agent 8?
the ice tank creature at the end is def our next agent. cant wait. maybe smth to do with locker 8?
why does the clove smoke look so goofy tho😭
is it me or is the trailer really low quality
So, the new map is fallable? I mean we can dead if reach some edge of the map?
I wonder if you can get onto that ledge where omen missed his knife
Can I just say that the animation in these trailers has gotten a lot better. We need a Valorant show or something like that
who was that at the end??? agent 8 ?👀
From a lore POV, I feel like this wasn't well planned out. The trailer doesn't really explain what secrets we're looking for or to who it is connected with, or am I wrong? Like it's obviously the same secrets Omen has been after the entire time, right, but did we learn anything new about these secrets?
Anyone know what country is this map?
Did anyone else see the odd weapon one of the guards was holding? Looked like some sort of rail gun or rocket launcher to me. Could we have a new gun on the way? Who knows.
I wonder when will they use fade again in these cinematic thing???
Who’s big spooky in the hour glass thing at the end?
At the end... Thats Omen right?... Thats just Omen being a hostage... Right?
2:30 is that tiny wall to step  available ingame??
Its only me or textures and shadows are very bad?
haven't played in a year but ik at hyped
The new agent is coming to valoran?
Why does the animation style keep changing, this looks ugly af. "Reckoning", "Warm-Up" and "Revalation" had the best animation style
Can't wait for Reyna to 1 tapped from an op while lurking
Can't wait to fight against KJ and Cypher mains hiding with judges in all the corners!!!! 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
that one guy at the end seemed to be holding some sort of rocket launcher, maybe a new weapon?
Was the last bit a teaser for a new agent?!😮
Maybe new agent? Or new boss? New game mode?
New agent in the hour glass ???
Yh they cooked when is the update ?
when you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes back
We can fall off the map?
When will we get a replay system?
When will there be teasers for the new agent?
was hoping for a gameplay reveal trailer but whatever
Can't wait for the replay system 😫
