Advice Of The Day: Where are the money 💴 making opportunities? Where are the so called Apps that will allow you to make money while putting the system on autopilot? People claim it’s so easy to make money with these apps where are the proof?
What Big Retail and Wireless Companies are hiring? Need some assistance. I wouldn’t mind doing customer service and call center roles.
Advice Of The Day: Hold onto your love ones tightly. This World 🌎 is insane where you are only trying to voice your own opinions and yet you get murdered for speaking your mind whatever happened to freedom of speech?
Advice Of The Day: Question How can a new family be able to afford to provide for themselves if they’re being laid off? In what way is right to lay someone off when that person is trying to provide for their family?
Advice Of The Day: Merit based system over getting by just because of your race. Wouldn’t be more exciting to know that you got ahead based on your skills than instead of your race?
Advice Of The Day: Nobody in the Mainstream Media were hyper ventilating when the stock market 📈 was tanking under @JoeBiden. Bidenomics tanked the economy and nobody said a word but now all of sudden @TheDemocrats and mainstream media are worried about higher prices?
Don't  you mean, installed as a dictator?
4:59:33  ...who is that lady behind him?
8:07:36 said what - swab, swop?  Could someone explain what he meant and who is this clown?
What the heck did Barron say to Biden… biden went straight faced after he said ! Lets get a lip reading in this… wth
5:33:33 What is the title of this song?
Why does it say 60th inauguration in the auditorium, but he's the 47th president?  I know some presidents served 2 four year terms but that doesn't sound right.
Why is this narrator repeating herself?
If faulty goes to another country, could they held him responsible for the Yon lab?
A populist inauguration, rife with chants, evokes memories of Europe's dark, imperialist past. Is this the definition of making America great again? A regression to barbarism?
May America install also a social security so that nobody needs to ,I've in the streets! Or in shelters where they are abused a d the children trafficked!!!!
What is compertore in this inauguration? I couldn't find the definition in GS or ChatGPT 😀
Does anyone know who the woman is in the black top that's sitting behind Barron Trump?
Are you ready to rumble. Let's go. I just cried.
How is putting a flag on mars, renaming the Gulf of Mexico, and retaking the Panama Canal going to help decrease my grocery/rent/gas bill? I voted for who said they’d help with that but nothing in his speech has anything foundational to make change actually happen
Can somebody come help me find a fast food restaurant job or waitress job state AZ please ❤ -January 20, 2025
What a great day! However, I was disappointed by the crowds' reaction to the young people performing at the parade. It bugged me to see front-row people barely giving a single clap for these performers. You know these kids worked their butts off to get here.
Do you think Trump chose "Heartbeat of Steam" or "To Arms!"?
Does anyone know what time the ball will be and what channel will be on?
Why is the flag half mast?
Melania, why the large hat? Are you hiding your tears?
Didn't Hillary say, I will the country If Trump becomes president?
Is there a condensed version of this?
What an Explosive inauguration Trump is a legend
Why is it about "winning" :/ It's why I can't trust anyone
