Why do you have mobility? Honestly, mobility people. I don't take all pictures, please buff the mobility ability. And please be buffed on how to hunt.
How many of the people that were fired work on this? Just asking.
"the Conductor" is a terrible name, Bungie. Ikora didn't even Capitalise the "t". So, it is just Conductor?
When the mini boss looks more threatening than the main villain of the entire story
Just got the aberrant action with 0 range. Is this a bug?
You gotta buy this or no?
0:26 DENDRON IS THAT YOU!?
Would love to see new aspects that give the guardians vex abilities. For example: Titans get Hydra shields and the tiny suppression drones. Hunters get the vex milk and the blink the Minotaurs have. And warlocks summon harpys and goblins cause why not 😂
You gonna delete this one too one day like you did my old dlcs?
Would be cool if you finally ditched this stupid weekly 5 min story mission slop and actually let players play through it at their pace. We all went with it until the final shape. Now you are really pushing it.
make something new for a change??
Can we have the conductor's drip?
Now listen here and listen well conductor give me the cloak or I ask Osiris to turn you into a vex gun ok?
Is that a fcking Jojo's reference????
The conductor kinda bad tho, is that frost?
Soo the witness with extra steps? And mire glowy?
Can't believe people still give their money to bungie
Is hunter still broken and is Titan still useless?
whoa, the marketing team seems to be running by Mr. Obvious... and its beeing this obvious since early D1 to vanilla D2... Msund, we waited 10 years for this crap?
Can you guys delete Neomuna and put Red War Back in? Lightfall is rushed cringe.
WHY DID THE CONDUCTOR JUST TURN AROUND LIKE THE WITNESS?
Do i have access to this if i only bought the DLC
Will the next act be…. Echoes: Act 3?
Can't wait for Love Deluxe raid!
Did they hide a face revel by showing their face?
Maya  The Conductor is definitely her, right?
When I watch Chinese trailer how come I it is still got American voice 😂 😂 😂
I feel like its that character that summoned vex into the last city and then swiftly got killed by the same vex, why else would she have tried to take control of saint?
lol we got one in act 1 and now we get three?
Can we please see actual evidence of the supposed all out war between vex factions?
Looks boring 😫 in three weeks nothing to do again 🥶?
A trailer one day before the launch? What is this? Is this a fever dream?
is act 1 still playable or is that gone away? Didn't get to complete it as I had other commitments.
Why keep the conductor face covered you probs know who it anyway!!!!! Looks good
So Will you finally make Echoes free for everyone or still behind paywall?
Did the combat seem more boring than usual? Just reimaged content already in the game, and a cutscene masquerading as a new enemy.
Wait… was that Lakshmi? Or known as Maya Sunderesh? Are we going to see Maya Sunderesh?
When she echos on my vex I act up
Wait, was that lakshmi? The head of the Conductor was a shade of red, I know only one person with that color, but how she died to the Vex back in Splicer, didn’t she?
I thought that with each act we would get a new story? Are act 1 2 and 3 going to all be about the conductor?
I’ve been slackin’ on this game these past couple weeks. Are there any changes I should be aware of?
Ok can we talk about the GIANT cyclops?
