Is that the bar from New Girl?
Why didnt mike take over main vocals he has a great voice and emily be backup singing
0:13 VR META QUEST 3 IS IN LINKIN PARK MUSIC VIDEO?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
0:09 who is the woman on the desk?
Still don’t understand why the fighting screen. Why??
Who is The Iptiness and have is the crown ?
Why is nobody talking about Emily Armstrong looking like one of the characters in momentum named Marika
How many time in loop? Yes
Why didn't they use ai to replicate his voice?
Will never replace Chester but we must welcome this new Linkin Park
2:14 I was like Chester that you?
yo lol someone please tell me im not trippin or lagging at 0:46?
Why am I late to this I didn’t know this Is awesome
When and how will we ever overcome the Emptiness Machine in our world?
How did I only just realise this was uploaded on my birthday 😂😂
When ya'll get out of your own feelings one day and when you are able to understand you didn't have to hate someone just because you  love someone different... and when you start to think to yourself well I can love Chester in Linkin Park and respect Emily and respect the choice LP made to restart their band, you will see how much time you wasted spewing negativity when you could have been amazed by this really cool and gorgeous woman that expresses herself outside of the norm, doesn't compromise herself, doesn't feel the need to be sexy, doesn't care about anyones opinion with this rich voice is a badass. Your loss. I listen to Chester and Emily every day. That was the longest sentence ever.
How it feels to love a narcissist......
Hey, background singer. Why the long face?
Who is here in 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, linkin park??
1:08-2:00 is the best part. What's yours?
Tell me if I'm being just naive or am I worthy of something, now?
September 2025 anyone for this new era of LP?
Is the best choice what they make it
The female artist sounds exactly like someone else! Can someone help me who it is? Exilia?
How could anyone hate this song. Sure you can't replace chester but you can certainly continue Linkin Park. I'm a fan of Emily just as much as I was for chester
why is the crazy blond soo angry?
When u play warzones and meet sweat guys 🗿 Bruh🥀
What I love about Linkin Park is that all their music videos focus on all the members and not just one of them the entire time.
Can't believe that this song is already a year old.
What is the empty nes machine.
Why gurl? I will never understand..😛😜🤪 miss you Chester 😢
when i first heard this song on the radio, i was like, "ive never heard of linkin park, but i know i will love their music." and its true!!!
Have no idea how come Emily have so much of vocal strength and power in her voice.. no idea.. no idea.. an her scream is melodic btw.. which is extremely rare.. shows how professional and practiced and seasoned she is! Thanks team LinkinPark.❤
why yall praising chester .. the guy's a bitch .. took a cop out of life .. .ooo lifes too hard cuz his butt buddy chris cornell isnt in the world anymore !! boo-woo !! what a clown !! guy has more money than he can spend .. and we all know money doesnt buy happiness but ur happiest when u can buy what u want, when u want it !!
Who is here because of the UCL final
Is this about narcissistic abuse ??? This has to be about narcissistic abuse!!!
Does anyone else get the feeling that while listening to this song, you could fight the world and come out on top?🔥🔥🔥🔥
When I first saw that linkin park had a new vocal lead, I don’t really wanna listen to their new songs, but it played randomly on my apple music, then I realized, Chester is not replaced, this is the new era of linkin park, I know Chester will be smiling watching them.
Scam for energie and what more ?
All these guys are doing mundane, menial jobs, and he is painting - who is more free?
And now the real question that no one seems to be asking:  How good is this new era of Linkin Park at making songs for Dragon Ball Z AMVs?
Why Chester leave us so soon 🥲❔
Is this the greatest music video ever made?
Is it just me, or does this have the reference of every video editing style from the past, from Burn it down to new divide ❤❤. Every word of this song sounds like a cheer for Linkin Park to rise again!🤜🤛
We got any Vtuber fans in here? Who hears this and thinks VShojo now?
Who is here  in august 2025? 👇
What part of background singer does this guy not understand?
Is it a new Linkin Park? No, not really. This is a new beginning for the band, Emily has a great voice in this song and others but this isn't Linkin Park anymore.
Should have retired Lincoln Park and just started a new band wtf
What I REALLY LOVE from Emily's voice is she sings with so much energy and passion as Chester did in his songs. Of course he'll never be replaced, but Emily continues his legacy very well.
HOW DARE TO USE THAT NAME..... MR MIKE THANKS FOR OLD TIMES AND RESPECT TO YOU BUT WHY DIDN'T YOU CHANGE YOUR BANDS NAME IF YOU'RE MAKING SONGS WITH THAT BULLSHIT GIRL THERE ARE MORE VOCALIST WHO KNOWS TO SING BETTER THAN THAT GIRL ALSO, IF YOU GUYS HAVE RESPECT FOR CHESTER THEN YOU WOULDN'T USE THE LINKIN PARK NAME , FOR ME THIS IS BULLSHIT  PARK OR MONEY MAKING MACHER, NOT LINKING PARK
Where's the new stuff, without the peanut gallery?
When I listen to linkin park these day, I'm reminded of how insignificant we humans really are. Chester an amazing singer, but now he's been replaced, as if he was never even here. I'm not saying the new replacement is bad - it just brings me a deep sense of melancholy to think that someone else once stood in that place, and now no one even talks about him anymore. That's why it's better to live for yourself, not for anyone else. Because when you're gone, vou'll be iust another speck of dust in the cosmos - nothing more.
I can't believe this only has 147 millions views in 10 months... What are they doing?!!?
Why not much views, where our world has gone, following creepy music
Could not have come closer to chester as  a chick then this rip chester definitely missed
Why does the bar they were in look like the one from the show, New Girl?
What excites me a lot is the role that Mike is taking on, it's great, I don't remember him being so prominent and I think he's doing it wonderfully.
How many more songs on the album is she singing in? Love her! 😭❤️
A question to videomaker by ignorant, ho do you make the part at 1:43 to 1:46?
This is horrible why ruin LP?
The band has gone to trash their old songs are peak. A woman singer though?
I told it is a renewal, it is false. So artefacts! Too many special effects for bad show ! I live near Montreal, 400 pieces au centre bell ! Hum !?
Can you imagine people made babies to this song and they were recently born and now the woman’s baby making machine is empty 🧐😳
Was I the only one who cried when they played again? That mix of joy, nostalgia, and emotion just hit so hard.
I NEVER had teary eyes from a music video until NOW 😢 subscribing to this artist as my FB has been sharing multiple reels and was like who is this?
This song is the soundtrack to so many memories. Morgan's lyrics always take me back to those moments. Who else feels the nostalgia?
My friends dawg on me because they don't like the new singer but I don't mind it. They say she's a Scientology implant and such. What do yall think?
Will they defeat the system once again?
What a bullshit change the name this is gay park
Can someone send this song back to the 90s, so my younger self can rock out to it too 😂
How can she both sing those lyrics and be a scientologist?
Who’s the female name for replacement of Chester?
No hate, Emily sounds great ofcourse not legendary but doesn't this track sound like Final Masquerade?
Is great voice and great music.
Wait does she morph into the likeness of Chester at the end??
is it me or does this song scream Percy De Rollo?
should just made new band name let old name rest in piece
How am i just learning of this song 👌🏾🔥🔥
Who is here after the UCL final?
What an incredible voice this woman has, I'm in love🤍
Are we talking about Christianity? Mm empty is a strong word but I do understand the frustration.
I was a child when i first listened to them, now i am 36. Isnt that amazing?
How to say goodbye to someone that doesn't get you.
when i worked for mcdonalds for a 400 billion dollar company they used to sell the rtx 4060 food for billions you can now in 2025 do the same thing
Is this song about Tiktok/smartphones?
Can't compare with chester so let's not , totally different singers. I get why they needed a shift , have to get used to it myself but that's a me problem. Grew up with him being there and helping me through troubled times , like a good friend I never knew. Thanks chester , and thanks Linkin park to keep going.
When I've heard about Emily replacing Chester I was very sceptical and you know.. "oh another dead band realunch", but after I've heard those new songs with her voice and attitude I can say that she fits very well in LP formula.. glad do see LP comin' back 'for some' .. I hope..
Couldn't be better singer for Linkin', this girl amazing, so implicated, so becoming what she's up to, the new leader , and certainly what it mess to our society rules, some matriarchal management , for nature, survival of the planet and evolution of the human species
I just realized—it's not just 8 hours of my life that I sell. The 1 hour after waking is literal hell. The 1-hour commute isn’t something I can call "living" either. I don’t feel free during the 1-hour break (in fact, I hate it). So, I sell 11 hours of my daily life just to survive. Then I go back home, and in the 5 hours of exhaustion I have left, all I can do is drink—and feel guilty for it. The only part of the day that feels good is sleep, because in that dimension, my loved ones are still alive.  Please tell me—tell me, please, tell me: Why should I keep going? And for what?
Has anyone noticed that this is the bar from the series New Girl?
is the new era of Linkin Park❤
Legit who came her bc it's vanis fav song?
Why the bra was left there bro . Something?
Is anyone else attending NYC Linkin Park concert in July 2025  ??? ♾
How i thought hailstorm may have been reincarnated with my beloved sister, believing the knowing that shes still here jamming to our best music known in this present time, this song makes me together with you again, she would've loved this. This is for you Ashley
When I was locked up in prison  I was in seg . I was laying on my bunk and I played my radio there was only 1 station that would play and on repeat for the past 14 weeks this song was all it played ...
What a stroke of genius. Thank you Linkin Park ❤
Is that the bar from New Girl??
who else is listening this for weeks on end since the release?
What a bet Linkin Park did! Chester will never be replaced, but she is awesome!!! Values every second! This song entered in my vains.
what is the genre this music song ?
What type of iPhone does she have at minute 1:15?"
What a great choice! Emily is amazing and fits their sound so well!
Its not necessarily bad, but its certainly not linkin, i get everyone wanting to be supportive of this transition, but if you take shaggy and scoob out of scooby-doo, the main components that make said show, what are you watching?
Is mike shinoda the coolest 50 yr old half of japanese guy around or what?
What I see is a band venting out there pain and a amazing new vocalist ready for a fresh start from her past couldn't be anymore happy that my favorite band is back! So ready to see them in September
When Emily starts to sing, I experience the most violent goosebumps of all time, even my nipples are transforming into a mountain!
Can anyone tell me this ch is A?  Please. I am an LP Fan. Sa
Who’s here after UEFA announced Linkin Park is gonna organise the CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FINAL SHOW?
why does this sound like an EPIC league of legends cinematic soundtrack? ;'D
Is this about the Trump's administration?
Why am I crying. Why the faq am I cryingggg....!!!!
Can we salute the awesome works on this video clip.
Why replace Chester with a woman? Totally changes the whole vibe of the band...
When they allow Emily to sing to her capabilities she sound good. I just hope that on next album they wont force her (or maybe is her who for herself) to sound and sing like Chester because she simply cant do that and she just butcher songs on live shows.
What I hear  , I like. But why not change the band name. ?? It's a disgrace .
Why does this sound like a RWBY song?
What a great comeback! Linkin Park is killing it
Did anyone notice the Chester necklace at 1:14?? I just learned about this today😭  *Left side of the tv*
What should they do, dying with Chester or rocking on with a new singer? They chose to rock and I like Emily's vocals in this song. Their fans should be glad about this.
Are you really going to make a show in Russia, in front of Russian society that supports genocide and murder of civilians in neighboring countries? Just yesterday Russia was threatening the United States with nuclear missiles. I can't believe you're on the side of evil...
When Chester died, Linkin Park died. What a shame that vocalist doesn't support
Can we all stop only remebering that Chester isn't here anymore but celebrate that what they made in the years he was still part of linkin park. This is the beggining of a new linkin park and we all have to accept it.
When theyre at their most anonymous freeze frame. Never. Forget.
who is here after "up from the bottom"?
我在中国，有没有人去过 Wick Chan 学校并被 Ema Harrison 打?
If this wasn't linkin park would anyone actually care about this?
How do I allow blood and profanity on Playback?
When you understand the lyrics you are on another level.
Did you hear Chester's voice here? They even managed to insert his voice into this part 2:13 ❤
Why they didn't change the band name is perplexing to me. Even just like, a variation of the spelling or something. This sounds like a drastically different band between the obvious vocal change, and I noticed Rob's absence immediately, especially in live clips. Feelsweirdman.
When I first heard it I thought i was dreaming and screamed In joy
did someone ever noticed that they are in the same Bar as in New Girl
What is this song all about? Working is hard and keeps  you poor? Sometimes I cannot keep up with the genius Shinoda.
Baycicly when i change page the music stop on my mobile. It didn't that time. My dad did like the singer, Sayed goodbye for ever. Is it an hello from the other world????
Was worried when I heard her try to copy Chester, now I want her to do those albums in her own voice.
You ruined Chester's legacy. You replaced him. You're not keeping him alive, you're going your own road and ruining his legacy. What is the thought process on this absolutely disrespectful decision?
is that a Kaijuu on the canvas ? whats your thought about it ?
Who remembers the time when Chester replaced Scott Weiland in Stone Temple Pilots, people were saying that they should change their name but Chester told the DeLeo  brothers no. it would be a shame just to throw something you worked hard for a way like that. i’m glad LINKIN PARK is doing the same thing. The band wasn’t just only about Chester, it was about everyone involved.
Who else came here because this is vanilbeans favorite song 😭
When i first heard this on the radio I thought this sounded like Linkin Park. I was right. It's great to get new music from this great band.
Why you just don't change the name of Linkin park? I am die hard fan. Because of Chester... He made you guys millions and made so much more amazing emotions and live performances where people go to look at him. Sorry. But he was the Linkin Park.
Is this the list of the Song you Hates...?  Where's the "Worst" part...? I don't hear it to be honest
I can't believe this band ,why leady vocal?
0:51  Is that the same bar from New Girl?
Didn't like her singing numb or crawling. But this One ❤
Who up Linkin they park rn
her voice is truly awful... what were they thinking?
Am I the only one that thinks she kind of looks like  Gwen Stefani when she was in No Doubt?
Would it not be good to connect to Neil Young to give a free concert in the Ukraine? You will give the people so much hope :)
Is this the great comeback of our love?🔥🔥
Anyone else seeing them Live on may 3rd in baltimore?
When I first heard some (to me) unknown girl will replace Chester I was sad. Damn was I wrong. She is something else man
Had great memories playing diablo2 to this as a kid listening to linkin park, now as a father with kids I am playing diablo2 listening this as an adult :)
Have i been living under a rock?? What is this GEM?? <33333333333333333
Who knew 25 years later Linkin Park would save rock and roll...Congrats on your number one
is this peak? is this peak? oh my god it is
Who is listening to this song on repeat ???😊
Is this what a narcissist feel like  inside hiding behind a illusion  because of the scar deep inside
Who agrees that this has to be the song for the next Transformers? To be continue....
How dare you change the Spotify background  Chester is Linkin park love U Guys but Bro..
is it just me or are these lyrics pieces of old linkin park songs? "Cut me open, just to watch me bleed", "I only wanted to be part of something."
I'm listening to Linkin Park 2003. I have always dreamed that your group would travel to Georgia. Years passed, but this did not happen, and my idol Chester passed away.. Now I dream about the same thing, will there be a tour of Georgia someday?
Ok this is only the 2nd song I've heard from them with this new female singer. Now am I wrong for saying obviously she's not Chester! But I feel the same type of emotion, and vibe from her! I wasn't sure how I'd feel about this when I 1st heard they found a new singer. Buuuuut I'm digging the new take from Linkin Park! It feels new, but gives me a similar feeling! If that makes sense!?
Had a major flashback...I had the boombox from the opening! Pioneer SK-71. Never imagined music could be delivered any better than a cassette with song finder and auto reverse:-) Now I'm watching a music video on my computer and listening to the bass boom in my bluetooth earbuds.
What a great song! Love Emily's voice!
Is that the bar from new girl?
Am I trippin or is Chester's silhouette showing in the last scene where she stands???
why is there a female at lp???
Hey Chester, do you see this ?
Do you remember your first time here?
Is it Chester no but this song hits. I await more songs
@0:46 Is that meant to be Emily?
Like most other linkin park songs; is there a meaning to this song?
I'm very sorry but she sounds like a smoker... Does she smoke?
Had a hard time at first, but she really grew on me dude. Honestly a perfect fit for Linkin Park
Any body getting HT and THP vibes?
Has anyone  realized  that this song is about chester and his depression and suicide? Or is it just me? Its disgusting
When I heard it for the first time I knew it was LP❤
Is this about scientology? Also, I love the fried hair, so relatable.
Am I the only one who thinks that the best parts of the song are precisely the ones in which the new vocalist doesn't participate?
who is here from the zero?
When this song started I thought it was a YouTube ad before the song.
I got invited to Superbowl VIP and I get to bring 20 people. Does Linkin Park want to come?
it sounds awesome - what's everyone complaining about?
What an important new life at Linkin Park :) This woman sings the new songs simply brilliantly! As a band, we always take you with us when we work as journalists in the war. Love!
Who watches this while beeing trapped in his own emptiness machine?
What a voice. She's awesome.
When Chester died, Linkin Park also died in my mind. Emily is a very good singer and cool, but this is like Paramore. I dislike the current Linkin Park very much. From a Japanese who has been a Linkin Park fan for 19 years.
Did you know I love Linkin Park
Did anyone else feel strange listening to this song the first time?
I want to hear this if Chester Bennington singed this song??
Do you like rock, emo, new metal?  Search for "Rivengeist virtual project"
Couldn't imagine better introduction for replacement of a legend. Truly grieved, accepted, moved on and grew up. 2:28 makes me wanna live and please be that.
When this song had it debut. I was at work listening to the local radio station. Totally wasn’t expecting to hear New Linkin Park that day. The DJ announced “Here’s new Linkin Park The Emptiness Machine.”   I turned it up loud and my boss was about to tell me to turn it down and I shushed him.  “Shhhhh new LP bro.”  (He understood)   As a linkin park fan I was finally gonna see who they got as their new front man/woman . I didn’t know what to expect. I was going into it knowing that it could have been anyone. (Amy Lee was rumored) (Bobby Amaru from saliva was rumored)  Here nor there.  The song started out with Mike Shinoda. At first I actually didn’t know it was Mike. I think he purposefully tried to sound a little different enough to keep you guessing. And then I was like “Oh it IS Mike.” Then he hits us with the Hook (chorus)  And gives it to us in meso piano because it’s only just begun.  Then Emily  comes in. I was like “Oh so they did pick a female vocalist.”   They constructed the song in such a masterful way. And covered topics of what Emily would be facing upon her joining the band.  This song is a wonderfully crafted rock song. Emily won me over with her melody and the music still sounds Samie but new enough to reinvigorate my fandom.  If anyone from linkin park reads this. I have successfully changed peers minds on their disingenuous opinion.  And if Mike reads this: I’m not sure why you guys have her singing in a different key to the previous songs. She can sing it in its original key. The different key she’s singing in is in the same vocal range to begin with.
What an amazing angry angel, chapeau bas pour vous Emily!
No one will let his project after 21 years to the garbage. Doesn't he?
Am I the only one to get 'Guilty all the same' vibes?
Am I listening to the band Guano Apes?
can't believe this was 4 months ago already
Is The New Linkin Park and i like it. RIp the boss
The vibes brings me back to 2005.... anybody else?
How come no one liked my comment 😢
Can we get rid of her she’s god awful
What a great song. For me, a song for eternity. Emily Armstrong... Every letter of the word PASSION is a facet of your singing... unbelievably good!
Why would this be so good for a Lappland x Texas edit
When the voice and face of a band dies, THE BAND dies.... Out of respect, you move on and start something new. Dave Grohl didn't do Nirvana 2.0!!!
Damn what a great song, I already was a fan of Linkin Park! - Why does the bar looks like the bar from 'New Girl' ?
Is this song about MK Ultra and  Monarch programming? Sounds like...
who  likes  to listen to rock music?
Was hoping to have a vacation to key West and yet these days been working out
Is she the singer for Here Comes Vi from league of legends?
What a song OMGGGGG I'm going crazyyyyyy
Yo is that the bar from New Girl?
cant replace chester right, but goddamn is she not linkin park?
2:02 how does this girl get a free ride on LINKIN PARKs success?
Is it the same? No. Is it Chester? No. Is is it a banger? Absolutely.
Do you know that feeling when you hear a new song and you like it so much that you listen to it over and over again for the next few days? And when your favourite moment in the song drops in, you feel that shiver down your spine? Well, I thought Linkin Park wouldn't give me that feeling anymore with new songs how wrong I was.... fortunately thank you for still being there Linkin Park
Was just listening to static x and as far as I know, no one had a problem with them “replacing” Wayne static in a sense
When Mike sings it feels like he’s saying sorry to Chester
0:58 - Does anyone else hear the Buffy The Vampire Slayer opening theme song?
was never really my scene but i listened to back in the day.  Now.. i just love the rebirth and Emilys magic..  my life at 50 is falling apart and this is here for me... long live LP
Can you change your band name so I can block the new stuff coming up on spotify.
When Mike Shinoda sings, he sounds a bit like Chester 😢
Why does the YouTube shop open for this videos and stops my playlist 😤 it's so annoying I feel like YouTube is doing it to only some songs
How easily people forget that LP were lambasted in the musical "press" for their music and the genre of nu-metal. Which itself was lambasted. At the time they were one of the few groups who were mixing metal with rap, the nu-metal sound which actually worked regardless of the purists attitudes.. This is the song that introed me to them and so has a special place to me. Though my favourite back in the past was "Breaking the Habit" the vid and song mix was perfection. I only wish they were around when I was growing up.   Now we start on a new journey and so let's see where that takes us.
When you guys coming to Alberta?
Who else came from vani’s short?
May your efforts be fruitful and your dreams turn into reality!
When I first heard the girl's voice, my eyes involuntarily got wet. Does anyone know why we cried so much?
This reminds me of the final masquerade. Is it just me?
When I heard this the first time, I was mad. The second time I felt it wasn't as bad as the first listen. My opinion kept getting better as I slowly accepted this isn't the Linkin Park I grew up listening to, with Chester, but a new Linkin Park whose soul is still intact.
Can anyone else agree with me that she kinda sounds like Lzzy Hale the lead singer of Halestorm? Im honest jealous of her voice..
Didn't know there was a new vocalist. Heard about it from a friend and Linkin Park fan who was complaining about how much she sucked. Came here to check it out for myself, and... I dig her. It works. Don't know what my friend is talking about.
Who is the man in this video???
Why does the live sound better than this lol... this sounds like the cover 😂😂😂
Can someone use Chester’s AI voice and post 1:38 till 2:00 .
Who else is excited for the world tour? Me 🤚🏻
Dunno why, but this would have been the perfect soundtrack in "Detroit becomes Human" right?
Will miss Chester he was amazing but this is a good way for the band to move forward and I'm loving Emily's vocals
Is song needs to be raw Netflix
Will always love Chester, love their origin story. How they came together. I know this will be amazing because as a whole they gave so much to music and brought us music we needed to hear. At least I did. This gave me chills…Excited for them.
How many times have you listened to this song? Me: yes.
Can you do a deconstruct of this amazing track? I really want to know the mixing part
Can emily sing, sure. Is she a replacement for chester, no.  but i will never support her as lead singer due to her views.
How powerful Emily's voice is!! She will never replace Chester but it's so good to hear this Linkin Park revival❤
is that the bar from new girl?
How can i give them treats? i saw it somewhere but i cannot find it in the shop..Like i cannot find them there
Is Linkin Park back? Why use female vocals?
have you guys notice that all of them are middle class and lower class?
So, this is one of those songs with vague lyrics, so it relates to everyone and sells better?
What the fck is this lol. Garbage.
When will they arrive in El Salvador?
Am I the only one bothered by her being a scientologist? Or her support of Danny Masterson?
I see that almost everyone here is so happy and enthusiastic, but what for I ask? With all due respect to the new singer and all LP members, YOU are no longer Linkin Park! No matter how much you rehearse, mix digitally, add effects and AI bullshit maybe later. You should have let Chester and Linkin Park itself rest in peace. It's just a disgrace that you're trying to make money out of your old shine.   Get out, disband the now defunct LP, then show the world what you can do. But this... How do you have the guts to keep running under this name?
Why have I not heard this song before now? Wow. I am blown away. I heard it on Pandora and thought to myself that it sounded like Linkin Park with a female vocalist and I was so happy to learn it was. Imho, I think Emily’s voice and vocal style is an amazing homage to Chester. I’m excited for this new era of Linkin Park. 🤘🏻
Guys, how can this be acceptable? Linkin park IS CHESTER! It’s no problem to continue to play music for the band. But… why not change the name of the group for instance? And let linkin park be what it really is. Without Ches it’s not the same. LP was a part of him and helped him get through everything (until he left…). I respect the new LP, but to me it doesn’t seem so ethical and I didn’t really see the group pay tribute to him. Although I know it was hard for them, obviously.  I mean idk… what do you guys think?
What a wonderful voice Emily!!! I love you ❤😍
Is it just me or Emily gave Chester vibe at 2:10?
Can't help but think of chester, but this song is amazing in its own respect
What a way to Honor Chester.. BRAVO🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🔝🔝🔝🔝🥂🥂☮️☮️🌊🌊💋📣
Will the band have different singers every couple of albums from now on? The singer here is still with her own band
Why was Alien 2 a very good secuel after Alien? Because they didn't try to imitate the flrst film, although they honoured it, Alien 2 did its own thing.  I feel this is happening in this new era of Linkin Park. Good choice.
AC/DC replaced Bon ... so what ?
Did Chester write this song fr ?
Am i the only one imagining this song with Chester's Voice and start crying ?
Would have said Chester would have ate this up but the linkin park did too :) makes me happy they are having a new part and start of linkin park❤ Chester must be happy that there still going!
do kids still like this today or is it only the 40+ crowd that keeps playing this ?
No half nude show girls jumping around and yet 76 million views as of today. Who knew that you just need good music to be loved by the masses?
Only 75 million views... what's wrong with this world?
What a great way to honor chester Bennington by continuing creating music that only Linkin park can...😢 Hopefully everybody has found there peace in life .. 🙏
Who listens to this masterpiece every week?
When I listened to this song more and more I had to realize that the Chester Bennington era was over 😢
When I found out Mike wrote the lyrics / music for linkin park, it made more sense for them to continue.  Chester was amazing and very gifted, but mike has a talent for making / writing music!  This song is great
Does the hat Emily wears exist to buy? I love stuff like this. It looks like it says Heartbreak Motel.
When you come over to England, get BoyBleach to be a warm up band, their newer music is getting
Should have continued without any new members. This isnt LP anymore.
what a way for her to introduce herself to the world as the new singer of Linkin Park
When you close your Eyes, listen to the Song, picturing Chester to sing it, its so nice that Emily comes so close to it! I LOVE LINKIN PARK!
This is quite good , isn’t it ?
The question I have is would Chester be cool with her when she supported the guy from the 70s show when he was a sex offender?
Can't Compare with Chester but She is Performing well🫡🫡
What a time to be alive. This is the best rock song ever made! WOOO!!!
Anyone else think Mike Shinoda sounds a lot like Finn from Glee on this song?
Can we talk about how amazing the guitar riffs are? Pure magic! ��✨
where have you been for 20 years??
Is it about buddhistic emptiness term, and how emptiness becomes a machine, why emptiness is a machine
When Mike started singing: I let you cut me open... my whole body started shivering 🥹
When I first heard LP I was 16 and I immediately fell in love with them. Now I'm 36 and still love them. Yes Emily is not a replacement for Chester, but she is perfect for LP
This lyric is so fu...ing accurate for me now... How you doing this LP?
Sucks cuz I was excited and also liked the track it did feel like LP as much as they could without Chester buuuut its not a d also Lost All Respect when I found out Emily Armstrong is a Scientologist that backs up Danny Masterson (Hyde of That 70 show) how can you get behind a predator like that?? Nope nah something doesn't feel right also makes me feel different about Mike Shedona... Idk yall just so yall know!! What do you think???
Emptiness machine lyrics are about Emily connection to scientology?
Could Emily explain to us her links with the Church of Scientology and especially her assassin friend?
Could Mike explain to us why you went out during the month to combat suicide?
What a comeback! All I can do is clap.
Didn't know XQC had a sister? Especially one that can actually sing? 🙃🤣
When does Linkin Park doing another album for the band
Is the dude at 1:11 supposed to look like Isaac Kappy ?
It's amazing as long we don't the creator of this unique style. Ghag how it is to me?
Should call the scientology band something else
How cool is it that this album might be the start of a new generation of Linkin Park fans that have this album to enjoy AND can then dive straight into the entire repetoire with Chesters voice.
Anyone else remember when they jumped into this song in Arlington, TX in 2024?
Was so against this but this song goes hard..
Why can't I find drummer Bourdon?
May time turn your targets into wisdom
Where did they find this fabolous girl??? So cute, sweet and..... wonderful
why tf would any one hate this , it's amazing
Everyone talking about replacing chester, what about the OG drummer?
Should have never replaced a girl. No matter how good, never as good as Chester............. I ain't a fan anymore. U have collapsed.
Can someone explain me why i cry everytime i listen this Song? Emily Is super , welcome back Linkin Park
When I first heard this song, I thought "that sounds like Linkin Park but it can't be" guess I was wrong
Diddy…it? Is this a song about Chester’s death?
What a comeback! Came in with a surprise! Lovin the new vocal member! Her voice sounds crispy!
What a brilliant emotional track with amazing vocals from all !!
Why didn't you start a new band like normal decent people? Chester killed himself, have some respect.
When he left it was over
Guys this is perfect!!! She sings very much!!! She sings a lot!!! I love it???
what a power....   please make a song with tom arrya abd kerry king..... whatr a fream
Maybe is just a sound effect or am I the only one hearing Chester screaming at 0:45?
Did anyone else get the vibes like "Silent masquerade" in this song?
Is this the bar from New Girl?
when I heard this song I wanted to cry. I missed LP more than I thought possible. Thank you❤
When you want to be in a roblox game be like 2:03
How many yall getting goosebumps listening to this
Was not expecting to see Nick Miller's bar from New Girl to be featured in a Linkin Park video
Why she look like that chick from arch enemy few years back
After Mike Shinoda sinds "I only wanted to be part of somerhing" it is repeated and I think I hear Chesters voice but I looked online and can't find anything on it. Did they use AI to include Chester in the song or am I hearing someone else?
Is that the New Girl (Nick's) bar??? ❤❤❤
Man scientology can pay for a lot can't they?
Should have called it linked in park.
Is a likin park a love you
How did they do this. So many years later and still sound like Lincoln park without Chester. This is remarkable!
Can't wait to see you guys in Mexico city in January, I already have my tickets, it's my dream since I was 14 in 2004 and it will finally come true
Why does she always dress like a hobo? At least now, she's going places unlike her last band.
Should I tell you what they think they are attempting to accomplish? There’s no point these ridiculous wanna be on the charts so badly for validation ppl just come up with a different game plan
2:14 I swear I hear Chester in the vocals. Am I wrong?
Why am I emotional? Welcome back my Linkin Park.!
2:12 am I the only one that hears a part of Chester in this part?
Can't wait to hear the rest of the album, this really shines. Mike made a great choice, Emily is amazing. I think this is great for the future of LP.  Edit Rest of the album is Divine and awesome!!!
Isn't that the bar from the tv show new girl?
What a pile of garbage... This is not Linkin Park, not for me.
Who is the Girl ? She sing very well  but chesteer Was better
Why did some individuals hate on this woman?? Her voice is actually beautiful and fits LP
When I saw this again I remember... end of 6x1 🇧🇷
who else cried? like... tears just came out...
So Mike is it true you blocked Chester’s son on social media after he was critical of your weird friend?
Is it me or is it really Chester voice ? I really feel that he’s with the band especially in 2:20
who tf is she??? lame af
you got some one with totally different views to front lp?
I'm the only one who hears "Chester watch me play" instead of "Just to watch me bleed"?
Am I the only one who gets "Get Jinxed" from League of Legends vibes?
was that the bar from new girl?
tf is men i trust lead singer doin here???
Why about this guy from hybrid theory?
Is like a god of war 1-2-3 and now god of war , so this linkin park is not linkin park
WHAT I’VE DONE + IN PIECES ❤❤
What if Paramore and LP had a child 🤩
What an incredible album🙌. I really like every song! Guys, you made a damn good choice with Emily! Her voice fits perfectly👍. And a proud and smiling Chester looks down on you from up above. Thank you for this wonderful album❤. Unfortunately, I have never been to a concert with you and Chester, but maybe I'll see you on your tour in Berlin '25. I would be so happy😊. Keep your fingers crossed🤞that I manage to get tickets❤
WHOS READY FOR THE WORLD TOUR!!!??!???
Am I the only one who likes this song?
Can't wait for the new album!!
Who’s still listening in 2067?
Is it weird that I just started liking Linkin Park now
I love the comeback. I love the song. I'm just so happy for this to be happening right now, but, can we acknowledge that 0:53 The Emptiness "Machine" sounds slightly out of place.  I mean if you read the lyrics the word "machine" doesn't make a whole lot of sense. I mean had it been The Emptiness "Within" or some other word(I'm sure Mike could come up with something much better) the song would also have a better structure.   Or maybe I'm just overthinking it!!??
is this the bar from NEW GIRL !?
Where are you from? Two step closer shift from one step closer
Who here in the year 3000 🙌
What a banger! A 10/10!! 🤍 Great original LP Style. I love all of the new songs. I‘m listening since Hybrid Theory and you are my absolute favorite Band. Love you so much and i‘m so glad you are back. Emily is so fu…damn great!! Also Collin!! Two very talented and great new members of the band. I was there in Hamburg and Paris this year, loved the shows so damn much. You see, anlot of love for you and your work, your being, you everything. So thankfull, so greatfull. Keep up the great work and have the fun of yout life! You deserved so much. 🤍🙌🤍🙌🤍🙌
What a great song, her voice is giving me chills
Song awesome. video what was this???
When linkin park comes back you know you have your lock song for entire year🔥🔥🔥
Why did you prohibit viewing from Russia? it's is so cruel to those who have been listening to you for over 20 years
Can we talk about how this song caters to the marginalized? I appreciate the sentiment like we feel the pain of the emptiness machine in our lives, but for some reason this song sounds like a part of that machine. I feel exploited.
Is there any doubt that Mike is a genius? Great choice..a powerful female voice. This is how you rise from the ashes. I love Linkin Park even more now
So I have to listen to an ad every time I want to listen to this vide?
Why’s there a 15 second ad before every video YouTube?
Can be leave Thay hired some one who defended and intimated witnesse in Danny Masterson's case
Who came here Cuz of Vani?
Was afraid they were gonna call it quits after Chester. This is the complete opposite of that. Going from strength to strength!
When Iheared about Chester Bennington 's death I lost half of my life. But now a new start of LININ PARK makes me REALLY happy! Also R.I.P. to Chester and welcome to Emily Armstrong!!!!!
Does anyone else think that Emily joining is like Paramore and LP collaborating together? ☺️👌🏽
was humming along the song when I noticed that the voice singing back in my head was still chesters <3
have a moment screaming emily like chester bennington, and im crying to hear that, its memorable
Will always love Chester, is one of the most iconic voice of my childood. When he died i cried also if i never met him. But guys, good luck and good choise, this song is already a  masterpiece.
What a great song for a comeback! I love that she doesn't try to sound like Chester but still she fit the LP vibe perfectly.
57 Mio clicks in 2 months. 20 of mine. Still any questions.?
Can someone make it chester ai version for this song?
What a beautiful tribute to the Playstation 5 pro
Can't believe even without Chester, they still got that Linkin Park energy. The female artist is lit 🔥. Apologies don't know her name.
Who are willing to back after 5 years?
who came here because of vanilbean
That is so disrespectful. I mean, what's wrong with you?
would have been amazing to still see Chester singing even with this new chic on his side. would have been awesome. She has a strong scratching voice as well (in a good way ;) )
Could named the band "New Linkin Park", as this is a new era. Its the new LP.
When she scream , and you feel it under the skin , you know is like the first time you listened them .
How many international like whores are here ❤… Back to business for Linkin Park. Sadly this song has horrible drums, absolutely beyond subpar guitar work and play it safe vocals. I can tell she had them, yet I feel as though she reverts to the poppy Taylor Swift crap. It’s a good thing this group has a ton of studio presence. I guess as a bad like this ages, they get softer and softer around the edges. All good, I will still listen to their better stuff and they will still make money…. That’s what it’s all about right 🤔
You all do realize capitalism is the emptiness machine they're talking about right?
Is it just me, or this music sounds a lot like those league of legends world musics? Sounds so epic tho
Is this the Democrat party's self admission song 😅
the bar scene, at a glance, appears to be the set from new girl?
why for me its sounds like ''final masquerade"
I erased Linking Park over their support for Israel. This comment is not going to last long. But who cares?
when the music start like this 0:57
Can't be mad at this 😮😮
Is it just me? Or does Emily sound like Timmy Turner from that show Fairy OddParents.
How can Chesters mam not like this tune 😪
When Wayne Static passed I was devastated. When I found out they would return I was upset at first. It felt disrespectful but I realize its a chance to continue the legacy of the group as a whole.
Anybody noticed that Mike is painting Emily.. and when the image comes to life you can hear her scream?
Who is the singer  for the emptiness machine
Who cryed listening Emily at LP for the first time? Definely did 🙋‍♀🙋‍♀
Did they just remove all comments about scientology? 🤔
I wonder how many have given up who they ARE for what their so called friends wanted them to be,
How many times you watch this? Me: Yes.
It's interesting to me how so many people are commenting on the new lead singer, but I don't see any comments about the new drummer. Did Rob mean anything to anyone?
How is this song soooooo much better then heavy is the crown? I love this song so much but i hate heavy is the crown :0
When I first heard this song, I had no idea that Emily's vocals will make Linkin Park a game changer and change the Linkin Park world by her voice, Incredible!  And I also thought this was a Mike Shinoda only song but when I heard her voice. I was gasped. And I showed my sister, she gasped too.
Anyone here from the early 2000s?
Damn everyone accepting her like they forget her past,oh wait u know her past right? Even the son of chester was unhappy About it,so who r u to decide if she honored chester?
Is this bennigtons sister😂(just fun) she sounds like him
Did anybody else notice the bar in the video is the bar from the show New Girl? Is that a subtle reference or completely coincidental?
I wonder how much hate she must endure, until she sings with so much pain like Chester. It seems like humans are not able to learn, or haven’t been to such dark places before. You must have “balls of steel” to step in such footprints. I respect and support that! Keep pushing!
What many fans need to understand is that this is not a replacement for Chester (who is irreplaceable). It is a new page in the band's history, which Emily was tasked with helping to write.
Didn't see that twist coming mind you!! 😂😂
Why is Linkin Park over 20 years later still the soundtrack to my life?  Awesome song can't wait for the album
Love LP but is that the bar from New Girl??
Is it possible that I hear Chester in 2:13-2:32 ?
is she with Scientology or not? i hear so many rumors
What a great song with deep lyrics
Did this sound like Linkin Park?  I love Emily being in the band. Rock on 🤘 🇺🇸
Is it  just me or is this song just nasty?
This is great,i missed this music but this song it kind of feels like a project that worked well and not like a song that one band would naturally do.  Maybe i miss Chester 😔   Am i tripping or is someone else going to agree with me ?
Dont you think this song and Heavy is the crown, sounds very very similar on the melody?
I love the song, and I don't know why but in this bit from 2:14 to 2:32 it sounds like is Chester singing. Idk if its my brain that bc is a Linkin Park song it forces that ideia on me or if they made it on purpose to sound a bit like him. Does anyone can ear it also? Or am I just yaping?
Does anyone know any similar songs
Weird idea, but what if this was music for Valorant?
Can change name again. LinkedIn Park
I like her and I love the direction lp is taking. But Chester's vocals were stronger, and he made a point to show it off... where is her record breaking scream? Where are the growls?
What a beautiful song. I'm  in love with Emily's voice, she's such a beautiful energy.
Is that the bar from New Girl
How is this song not a chart topper?
Who cares if one more light goes out...well I do
Why there's no to talk about the sound of a little scream in Mike's paint in 00:47, that's The iconic sound of Chester's voice while scream...Can you hear that?
Will be hard, But i hope this start something new... and good.
Is your new vocalist STILL a Scientologist???? I’d be looking into this boys. Fans are NOT happy
Are you guys ready for 'Over Each Other' this week?. I sure am!
When i heard they were replacing chester with her i was skeptical af. But not gonna lie this song slaps she goes hard on this song
To all the haters….I bet Chester would even want them to continue! He’s filled in for people after they’ve died! Give her a chance, won’t ya?
What a POWERFUL VOICE She Has!💪👍
this guys never had crown what the f u guys are talking my crown? kidding me?
Anyone talking about the mutiverse these guys just created?
2:12 I thought I heard Chester for a second wth?
When I heard her voice on the chorus I literraly bursted into tears. Such a great fit ❤
And just one more thing, the girl have Nice Ass, I Love it 6 points from 10 for this song, just for that. Have you ever looked at Chester's ass? I haven't - have you?
Will always miss Chester, but so looking forward to this next journey . Emily Armstrong killing it. AMAZING.
Did I just hear Chester's voice 2:13 ?
DID ANYONE ELSE NOTICE that in minute 2:13 the voice is very similar to Chester??? 👀😮‍💨
Was that Brad at 0:50 ?
can be just appreciate how emily voice is amazing
Should have changed the band name.
When at least a third of your legendary band has been replaced, this isn't the same band.  Get a new name.  Creed without Scott Stapp was no longer Creed. And for those of you saying "you aren't a real LP fan if u don't accept this" or "Chester would approve," the only ones who can say that and actually hold any weight are his wife and children.  what do they think?!  That's all that matters.  That being said, I like this song, but this isn't Linkin Park.  I look at this as a different band
What a fuckin masterstroke...replacing the unreplaceable with this amazing lady.
would love a album with the name for chester, with old LP songs, performed with emily
Who thinking linkin park come back because of emily
Are they singing against capitalism? Nice
should be fine as long as she doesnt fail her family as well as Chester did.
When i heard it for the first time, i thought it was a young version of Chester until I saw the VM.
>ps5 pro releases  >Linkin park releases emptiness machine What did they mean by this?
Another Michael Bay transformers movie on the making?
So what's going to happen Dead Sara?
When She use sweater , l feel kurt cobain alive
What people think of me the bad people and I don't feel love
How many you repeat this song 😅
Can't stop listening this song on repeat. Thank you Linkin Park!!! LP forever❤
Can anybody tell me what Mike is painting? That painting shown twice..
Doesn't compare at all to original Linkin Park.  Not impressed.
Who else hears Chester during the bridge?
0:40 is that sohrab mj ?
What better way to revive LP than to introduce a female singer
Guys... I need some clarification rn....   I think i saw & heard a version of this song with Chester's voice recording before the official release.....    I want to know if it actually happens??
Is that the bar from new girl???
Can't wait to see and feel them live on their tour! Welcome back Linkin Park!  <3
why did they try to fill chesters shoes with this woman lol.
Is a good song, but i miss Chester❤️‍🩹🖤
Did you ? Did you just reference 5 different song's in a row? :  Already pulling me in
Is ‘The Emptiness Machine’ a reference to Scientology? The way Emily screams those lyrics sure makes it sound like it for me.
Why I feeling like they wrote this song for Manchester United fans 😭😶‍🌫️🥲
if she can sing this well, if she has such a good voice, can someone explain me why is she doing such a bad job with the classic songs, why is she changing melodic voices in to a very poor gutural like try?
When I listen to Emily Armstrong in new songs, everything is great. Since she sings in her own style. In the old songs, she tries to sing in Chester's style, and it doesn't work well 😢 Especially the lyrical parts like in Numb. I wish she could find her own style in old songs!
Disgusting Danny Masterson supporter. Why should anyone spend a nickel at your concerts??
Anyone from 2034 listening to this classic?
Who the hell is that Sheila, she killin it..!!
0:46 Is that mimic from All You Need Is Kill?
How much of a relief did everyone feel hearing this 😂😭
What I'm saying.....this song are soo energetic .
Could you imagine how good this song would be with Chester
can't disagree to this, her voice is PERFECT
Anyone else think that the female vocalist was Lizzy Hale?
I have a question, do you also listen to your old songs?
This is terrible, who would even want to listen to crap like this?
Does anyone else hear Chester's scream at 0:46?
HOW COULD YOU TAKE CHESTERS BAND!
The song is fine. But this video is awful. This was the comeback music video?
Lyrics got me thinking.  What are the emptiness machines in your lifes?
Who is the new chick? She's got a hell of a voice.
She doesn’t suck. It just doesn’t sound like Linkin Park. Should have just named the band something else. Will she sing old songs?
Am I the only one who thinks that at some point they should pay tribute to Chester in some song?
Could never replace Chester but Emily is an amazing singer - Bravo and look forward to more fantastic tunes guys
Is it me or is she brifely turning into chester at the very end.. When there's a twisting turn of pixels around her face? @3.05
Can somebody please undo the witchcraft of listening to this song in "repeat" the whole day? 😉💯🥇
Is this a diss track for scientology?
What a voice from this woman! Omg
Anybody else here at first hated this and now has come back multiple times since the original hate to not loving this song?
What made him so powerful was his pain !! She doesnt compare !!
Is this song about the critics?
Isn't this the bar from New Girl?
Is this nick miller's bar from New girl?
Is this Paramore? because this is NOT Linkin Park!!!
Who's here in October 2024?
Is Scientology the emptiness machine? That would be kinda deep if so
Who else is replaying this song over and over again because of how good it is?
What is this garbage. The name should be the garage park. Why tarnish the name for this
Do you guys also notice the subtle Chester screams during the soft Mike Shinoda vocals part? During "Don't know why I'm hoping" I swear I hear the Chester screams and I absolutely love this detail.
Linkin Park's return is crazy!! It's me? At 1:13, is the "B" in "been" saturated?
She sounds like him but young yk what i mean?
Am I the only one that refreshed several times at 00:48 because they though the player/video is glitching?
Why didn't you asked the lead singer of "Guano Apes"???
Was so sceptical about having a female vocalist, and kind of felt disgusted by just the thought. But damn, did she prove me wrong! Another example of don't judge a book by it's cover, congrats.
Who is this that comes screaming wonderfully in my ear? It's no use, she has the genes, the blessing of the immortals. Hail Linkin Park!
Have you ever heard "saint loco" from Indonesia?
Can finally say linkin park are good! She’s much better than that other chick chester. Great tune
When I listened to it the first time, I was like no! It’s not Chester it’s not Linkin Park. But I am someone who can obsess over one song for days, weeks and even months. And this is THE song! ❤
The Linkin Park enigma: Mike Shinoda is a musical genius. Why can't he recognize his own inability to sing?
Did she turn into Chester in the end?? or am I just seeing things??
Where is the piano and dj sound, i am waiting in this song.
Been a LP fan since inception and I'm listening to this song for like the 20th time... nope! It's linkin park without the voices yes but really... it's never going to be the same LP is it?
is that the same bar that's in New Girl?
So does this mean no more Dead Sara?
Can someone make an AI cover with Chesters voice replacing hers? :D
What a song! What a video! Pump up the volume!
is not eargasm anymore ,,, now its orgasme,,, its real
Do you know what I really love Lincoln Park with Chester in it. that's for sure but I'd be lying to myself. If I said, I don't like this music I like it and I'm gonna embrace it with her.
Can't wait for her to shine more more and more
What an amazing voice she has. I love linkin park so much
Who can replace Chester? Noone! But Fuxk it it's so close
Why I'm crying. OH HOW MUCH I MISS CHESTER BENNINGTON😭😭 Absolutely love ti's song so much. She fits in very well😊
When Linkin Park first performed with Emily, I thought, no, this isn't right. She's awful—her past and her connection to Scientology, that's everything Chester stood against. I hated her, and I bad-mouthed her everywhere I could. I never listened to The Emptiness Machine. I just wanted Chester... We all love him, but sadly, he chose to end his life, leaving many people heartbroken. And yet, we will never forget him and never stop loving him. Recently, I thought about Mike's words... It will be hard, but whoever walks this path with us is warmly welcome. As I said, I resisted until the very end and hated Emily. But eventually, I thought, just listen to the new song anyway... And I have to say, it's really good. She's doing a great job. It's not the same LP as it used to be, it's something new, but with the energy of the old Chester. And Emily is getting better with every performance. You have to understand, she’s stepping into shoes she could never fill, and she knows that, but she doesn't have to. Chester is Chester, and Emily is Emily. And Linkin Park looks happier than they have in a long time. Chester will always be with them at every performance, and Chester wouldn’t want people to hate Emily the way I did back then. Give the girl a chance. As a hardcore LP fan, I resisted with every fiber of my being, but everyone deserves a chance, even Emily. She doesn’t sing the old songs perfectly—so what? There are better singers who could do it—so what? Not everyone has to like it, but this is how it is now, and we have to accept it. And to all the people who hate Emily because of Chester—let go, let him rest in peace. Be glad that someone has the dignity and courage to step on stage and show: Guys, I’m doing this for you, for us, for everyone, and especially for Chester. I don’t think it’s as bad as I thought a few weeks ago. She has a long way ahead of her, and she’ll get better. One day, she’ll become something like the female version of Chester. Just give her a chance. She’s not to blame for Chester leaving, and now she has to sing his songs. And her past is in the past, just like Chester’s. And still, Chester would say, love your neighbor, and give Emily love—he would want nothing else. And again, I used to hate her too, but I think it's because we love Chester so much that we believe his legacy is being tarnished or forgotten through her. But that’s not the case. Chester always preached that love is the strongest force, and now, those same fans who accepted that are spreading hate? By doing so, you’re dishonoring his legacy, just as I did not too long ago. Let Chester go, and welcome Emily, as I did. And it wasn’t easy... really not easy.
What a perfect song my friends, congratulations!
Why insisting with vfx imitating low graphic vram😅
Is that the bar from "New Girl"?
Is it the voice of Chester 2:11?🥲
Why not change the band name to; The emptiness machine.
Might just be wishful thinking, but it's not impossible that the lyrics have some relation to her being a scientologist. Either way the song sounds great.
What a great gap to fill, but I'm sorry to say it to all you Linkin Park/Chester fans, I think Emily is better. What a voice! I can't stop listening to the new songs, they are amazing. And also the live performances are great, the Seoul crowd was great!
Can't stop listening, dammm it's so good!
Could someone explain to me more about the meaning of the music. Is it a suicide song?
does anyone else here chesters at 2:13?
Can't believe that LP predicted the ps5pro
Is it just me or someone else also  felt vibe of Chester Bennington in her?
Aside the discourse around everything, has anyone else noticed that Shoda's voice has improved too over the years in a non-rap-eee way?
Where does Mike find such individuals, first Chester now her 🎧
Anyone still listening to this in 2024?
Are we all listening to the same thing? This is so bad. The band should've renamed themselves after Chesters death, but then no one would go see them anymore. Just a perty cash grab with some DEI hire.
Why a woman? Nooo wayy🤨 is ridicules ,,,they most to find to another man,,,what if she will sing in live? It s gonna b sucks
why yall hating? weren't we all hoping for their comeback and now when they're back. this unnecessary hate? Any other singer they hadve come up with .. people would still have hated them.
What I would give to hear Chester on this one❤️
Why does this song screams LOL championship 😅😅
Is that the bar from New Girl?!
It's good. Lots of angst and thrash and passion in her voice. I wonder if she wrote it?
was expecting nothing and i was so damn wrong  this is actually so good
How many special effects do you want in the video? Linkin Park: Yes
What a great voice! Close enough to chester to do justice to the old repertoire, yet different enough not to be just a replacement.
why do i get chester vibes once again  tears are flowing 😢idk how  that girl doesn't feel like him but his spirit lives in that song
Can't wait to the album!
Can't wait to listen the whole album in repeat mode
Does Emily morph into Chester at @3:09 for a split second? 🥹
Why does she sound so good??!!
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE FULL ALBUM!
Why you all keep showing in LoL MV? What the hell are you doing?
What a moment to be alive! Mase some noise from emily!!!
I cant getting out of this song from my head. Its so catchy and listening to this like 25 times per day. What have you done to us LP?
is there henry cavill in the video?
What a great voice! Reminded me of Chester for a second.
Why not just come up with a new name for the band smh this is disrespectful….. why not release under fort minor
This is another version of Alissa White-Gluz for arch enemy,  anyone?
2:14 is that Kurt cobain?
When my parents went through a divorce, my dad game me an MP3 player, most of it had Linkin Park. Since then I listened to Linkin Park loving every song they made.
is it just me or am i noticing things in the video i didnt before lol.
whats the name of the new band?
Why is nobody hating on this
what I don't understand. It was LP's very personal and private decision to move on and they wanted Emily. She is very good. Anyone who is a fan accepts their decision. It's their life and they love (their) music. We also do. R.I.P. Chester. We'll always love you.
Was in tear listening to this... Emily Amstrong carried Chaster's legacy with a new age of Linkin Park.
Was never going to be easy to move on after Chester and not everyone was going to agree or think it was respectable but I loved Linkin Park for 20+ years so will to give this next chapter a chance
Was so-so with Linkin-Park before but her powerful voice has changed my feeling about the band if they come close to this song. Writing is gonna be key.
should have changed their name, this is not linkin park, this is something new, its not bad at all, its actually very good, its just NOT linkin park when more than 50% of what made linkin park linkin park is no longer a part of this new band.    i do hope they survive the backlash from the more toxic ppl, i look forward to some more from parkin link
Did you feel the goosebumps when the emily screams. Welcome back my childhood feels.
I want to see if im the only one (There's no hate i'm just curious  I'm fan of Linkin Park since the beginning i was supposed to see them in 2017 unfortunately the tragedy has happened so the show was cancelled and we all know nobody can replace chester But my question is  , is it only me who really don't like the voice of the new signer?
What an awesome strategy!!  Appreciated to the planners who choosed Emily, appreciated to the band that never give up. Perfect selection, managing and reactivation.
When the bridge start I cried cause I feel it's still Linkin Park...❤
Does anyone else hear Chester’s scream at 46 seconds? And possibly at 36 seconds?  Or, is it just a sound effect?
Now, That Chester Bennington is gone and Emily Armstrong of Dead Sara returns to sender?
anyone else can’t get the song out of their head?
Will remember this song even one day I'll catch Alzheimer's. I promise you dearest LP.
did they sample in a chester scream at 0:46 ?
Why am I getting Final Masquerade vibes? 🤩😍🤩
Why did you delete your comment? "My crown"
0:48 Is there a Chester scream buried in the mix?
What a brave choice, I'm sure Chester Bennington would be proud of you.
When I first heard her singing the old songs, I felt like she was trying very hard to mimic Chester, and I wasn’t sure how to felt about it, but now hearing the new songs and her letting loose on something she was part of. I’m on board 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Oh crap, is Linkin Park good again for the first time since 2003?
when is the concert going to Indonesia?  😮😮
Should of renamed the group tbh man
3:05 is that a chester easter egg?
How you don't want these guys to make music
What is bro doing on the meta qwest 3 😂😂😂😂😅🤣
I'm not sure I get the video blur that wipes the entire video during the breakdown about 2/3 if the way through. Has anyone got an idea what it means?
who doesnt like this song is gay
Why is this video 2 hours long?
Is it me or does Emily give me a 21st century feeling of Stevie nicks?
When the vocalist sings the old songs, I hear Chester. In the new song, it's something completely different and it's a cool track. A good move by the band. I'm looking forward to the album 🤟
Why not start a new band??
Who is listening to Linkin Park in 2024 year?
Was fed up of pop songs on the top charts... finally... welcome back my favourite band. Finally my head is shaking while listening to a song 😂
What happen with Ivo, this man is better than Emily.  Saw bad to linkin park.
Should have changed the bands name.
Im the only one with repeat?
Replacing Chester with someone who doesn't believe in psychological disorders and psychiatrists ? No one seeing any irony ?
Welcome back and please tell us when to expect Heavy is the crown?
Why does this sound a LOT like Castle of Glass?
Is that Simon Pegg and Sebastion Vettel in the video
Who else still listening to this in 2029??!  It’s been 5 years and this song is still an absolute banger
what a great addition and new beginning, congratulations to everyone!
What a phase of renewal... I missed it... we felt Chester alive.
Do the image and the scream have a special link? I find it inspiring 00:46
Can we reload from the last save where they were choosing a singer and go with someone else 😭
Can't lie, this is sick. And I saw her perform old songs which were also sick. Great job!
Yo, is that the bar from New Girl?
When this was released, Sony announces PS5 Pro. What does this mean to the future of the console wars?
How will this song sound with Chester's voice?
She can rock...but will it work?
Any Ska fans get this and wanna start a huge skank pit at a LP concert when this song starts?
When this releaced i was in a TF2 server, the mods started playing this non-stop
Why do I like it so much? ❤❤❤❤❤
Is it me or this song has some anime opening theme feels 😅
How many likes would this video deserve if they could be counted?
Drummer change others? where Rob bourdon?
so no ones gonna mention the new drummer?
What a POWER !!!!!! The Emptiness Machine is sooooo powerful!!! We all want to be part of something new that is coming
Should have just made another band.  This isn't Linkin Park.
Did u know that they bought bots to promote it?
when did linkin park go POP pnk lmfao
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON WITH YOU PEOPLE? The LP project is moving forward that's what matters. I'm looking forward to the new songs, don't worry, no one forgets Chester, but the boys want to move on, enjoy the music and concerts
Hey Mike I am wondering why haven't you given the opportunity to Ivo Rosario ...?
what ever happened LP is one of dbest band on my on❤❤❤❤
Couldn't afford an LP concert ticket when i was 15, now im 33 years old, im definitely gonna be going to their concert..so excited for this
Who is imaging this song with the voice of him?? 😞
Can This Genre blow up again? I need repeat this era
Why do I feel Guilty all the Same vibes here?
Is it only me who hears how Chester sings this song💔😭
How many internation Linkin park fan are here after me?😎
Was tht Chester's sampled voice at 2.14? Damn it Mike. Why make us cry. Welcome back LP.
When did Linkin Park decide to go Gay Punk?
Should be in Transformers One soundtrack
What came before was undeniably excellent, but this is the here and now, and if this absolute banger is anything to go by the future is looking very bright indeed for LP.
is that Chester Bennington scream? 0:45 sounds like it
Anyone watching this masterpiece in 2025?
When the kids decided to take up your basement or garage to ruin good songs that's already made 😂😂it's just another band now chester never be replaced!
I'm sorry to say this, but Mike has an identity crisis. From Fort Minor all the way to his solo album. He disowned Rap and pushed full Pop singer.  Now he is Pop style singing in a clearly rock song. Do we even need Mike in this?
is THAT BARBRA DUNKLEMAN!!!???? I have to look it up shes a spitting image of her....edit: Emily Armstrong. my bad
can anyone explain the meaning of this song?
Have no words. Linkin Park is a lifestyle!
How you want to honour his memory and what his lost meant. A true Linkin Park fan has understood the message. And it's a beautiful message.  Many of us didn't understand what you wanted to tell us in One More Light, but now we understand. Sorry Chester. So sorry for not to do enough to help you. You now sing through Emily's voice  Your aura is incredible and we're proud of you.
Can't believe I didn't find Linkin Park sooner, they are so 🔥🔥🔥glad I just found them!
Will Emily replace Chester? Definitely not. Should we give her a chance? Definitely YES. Even though she is the new main vocalist, Mike Shinoda is still in charge of the whole project and reuniting the band and he will definitely take care of keeping the true Linkin Park spirit. If somebody can’t get over it, just wait for AI covers of Chester singing their new songs, there will be many of them… Of course, signing Emily 7 years after Chester’s death is kinda all or nothing for the whole band but I keep my fingers crossed they will make a great come back, and if not, they will just reasonably take a step back just not to push the project at all costs. Wish all the best and looking forward to the new album ✌️
What if this song is about Scientology
Can anyone make another version of Emptiness Machine where Chester and Mike sing together ? 🙏🏼
When I heard the song for the first time, my jaw fell on the desk, I had goosebumps all over - what an AMAZING song.  And I can't stop repeating it.... THANK YOU, EMILY! THANK YOU, LP! ❤
Why change singers to keep talking about whining? In fact it's just their business with or without their former singer
>PS5 Pro Announced >Emptiness Machine is Released  What did they mean by this?
When i heard this song for the first time, it was on the Spotify Release Radar playlist. Me thinking that Linkin Park was never coming back had me in tears, but the tones sounded familiar. It definitely sounded like a Linkin Park track. When i went to see the title playing i was left in joy. Thank you! Thank you for coming back, and for keeping the same rythm and style that makes you recognizable and perfect! Welcome to Emily
Did anyone else think their screen was messing up? 😂😂
What a song after listening few times. Incredible voice and singing.
Had to wait a little while to listen to this... and I kinda hate that I like it! She's really f'n good and I couldn't care less about political crap surrounding her. This sounds like Linkin Park. Brought tears to my eyes because I can imagine Chester screaming those vocals. Chester will never be forgotten but I like how this sounds.
Did anybody else notice that the bar is from the show New Girl?
When I first listened to this song, it made me feel two things. The first one brought me back the Linkin park vibe. The second one made me miss Chester again.
Is it just me, or anyone feel the anime opening badass intro. Anyone?
If I invite you to a concert in Indonesia, would you be interested?
What a delicious music! Thank you!!!
Who ever find her I salute you
What is this? This is Linkin Park?? No never....
Can't wait to see what Linkinpark has in-store for us all!
Why do all these fake LP enjoyers seem so cringey? You’ll learn someday that this decision was politically motivated, at least partially.
NOBODY SAW EMILYS FACE TURNING INTO CHESTERS FACE AT THE VERY END OF THE VIDEO? WHY???
Didn't realise I miss this band so much 😢
Am I the only person who thinks this song is just mediocre at best?
Should hv changed the band's Name.. Emily has a powerful voice but the name of band gonna be it's downfall
Is Brad still the lead guitar?
Can't believe I haven't heard of the band dead Sarah or Emily strong until last Sunday
What this song is about? English is not my language so I wanted to know exactly what it is about 😊
Non music related - is she sitting at the bar from New Girl?
Should have taken another name for real
doesn't sound like a LP. for old fans this will matters imo
What about hire a scientologist as your main singer who doesn’t even believe in mental health. That’s quite literally a punch in the face to everyone who listened for the bands purpose. People talking about how this isn’t a lead artist replacement, what else would you fuggin call it then? People are trying to cope best they can i guess. I for one, am not a fan and will be listening to their older stuff. I wont support this new group while she is part of it.
Had my doubts...but I gotta say...This song slaps💪
Somehow this song sounds like “ new divide” .. Did anyone feel the same?
son ideas mias o en el min 2:13 meten la voz de chester?   Chester's voice appears at minute 2:13 or am I wrong?
when listening to this song, it would be great if it become one of the Arcane soundtracks.
Is Nick miller working at the bar??
Is good song, but i not Linkin park.. Another name
What a comeback! And Emily, such a wonderful successor to our beloved Chester ❤❤
When I heard rumors about Linkin Park coming back with a new singer I was really negative about it, but honestly this is so good! I love the sound
Do whatever it takes, i want you to be unstoppable linkin park. There no  one like you.  Come back rule this world🤜🏼🤛🏼
They have to be related right?
When the chorus comes, it makes me want to scream along with Emily. Also, it even gives me a sense of invincibility when playing the Ace Combat games, flying and destroying my enemies with a cavalier attitude.
0:47 is that Chester's scream? Or Emily's?
What an epic comeback. I have to admit, I'm not a huge LP fan, but this band is a part of our generation which has mostly felt over with in this new age, so to have them drop this, and do so in this epic way, is very cool to say the least.
Is what they’re doing symbolically saying how their life was being away from the band and performing
How it can be so good and so sad at the same time? I love it but I still miss Chester ….
Noone cares about the Danny Masterson stuff? Or we just ok with her for that?
When Mike ends his part I was expecting subconsciously that somehow Chester will break the silence with his screaming... Nobody can replace him, but time flies and this is a new beginning for LP after so many years. We're expecting some quality stuff like this one in future. Good luck Emily.
can't imagine if Chester singing this song...
Can't wait to see what they got to show next.
When Emily screams “I only wanted to” I can hear Chester’s voice… anyone else?
Is this the new Era? Im glad im a part of both Linkin Park Eras amazed af! And glad u drop the new League of Legends Worlds Song how brutal is this god
What a banger! The ONLY thing that could've improved it was if it featured Chesters vocals too. Man, could you even imagine those two absolute powerhouses facing off against each other...goosebumps!
is that the bar from New Girl that Jake works at?
Why does the beginning sound like hey Delilah, I do not like this at all, please just put linkin park to rest with Chester
New linkin park🎉❤Also i do have a question and it is , is that one of Chester's daughters?
Number 1 all over the world. Where's the haters now?
WHy does the spotify verison of this song have no bass. Omg fix it pleaselol
This is garbage. Wtf were they thinking?
Does Chester appear for a split second right at the last second when Emily turns around? 😮
Should have just renamed the band, this is not Linkin Park. Really messed up not getting that cover lead singer who sounds so close to Chester.
What is linkin park without the synths and turntables?  I'd rather tune in to some halestorm or other bands if this was it.
Can someone help me with the meaning of the song?
Have they started offering dianetics screenings at their shows yet? At least Rob Bourdon has the decency to distance himself from this shameful cash grab. Shame on Mike Shinoda.
Couldn't recognize her right away. First heard her voice in NFS Most Wanted 'Weatherman'
what ever is Chester always being the best singer of all time,,,
Would be better if mike joined hybrid theory..
Is it okay to have a remix permit?
Should have done a New Order bit. Disrespectful in my eyes.
When Chester passed I figured they would bring someone in to take his spot and I expected that everyone would hate it cuz NO ONE could take Chester's place.  I figured they'd bring in either a guy who looks kinda like him but whose singing/screaming isn't up to par or vice versa.  I'll be honest I think the idea to go with a female was extremely smart.  She won't be compared to Chester in all the ways a new man would.  Instead of completely replacing him with a fraud they simply added a female who has the vocal range that Chester had and rather than replacing him I'm able to see it as them just moving fwd in a bit of a different direction.  I have to be honest and say I HATE the fact she is involved with scientology.  As much as I want to hate her as a new edition in the loss of Chester, I can't.  She sounds great on this new song and all their older songs too.  Welcome to the family Miss Emily Armstrong! ❤  Much love to all of u in  Linkin Park.  Nice choice! 😊
when did Linkin park turn into Paramore?
How many people have this stuck in their head? I can’t stop singing it. And getting choked up hearing Emily , she’s angelic and rough in the vocals. I hope the new album is this amazing. Rip Chester forever
Is that the bar from New Girl? 😮
how dare you stand where HE stood!
Is it only me who hears Chester's voice in Emily's roar sometimes? 😢
what is this song bro? simply electric. linkin park coming back with everything.
My, favorites band is back👍👌✊, but, Chester part time member, drumer n Guiterrest can't see, what happened left or..??
What will it take for Mike Shinoda to start rapping again?!
is like she study with the Freestyle Dance Teacher
did y'all have to pick the cultist tho
Will always miss and love Chester, but exited we can look forward to some new songs, from linkin park..
When Kurt died they stopped Nirvana and Foo Fighters was made how undeniably disrespectful to allow anyone to replace chester shame on you all
Can anyone else hear Chester at 2:15?
What a greta song! I heard it and i loved it!
How can a new song be so nostalgic .Can't wait for your future projects
What to do is making great hits like this for emily  - chester is irreplacable but emily is something good for linkin park
So it means that capitalism killed Chester, right?
Is this the Walmart version of Final Masquerade?
is this a new era bro? i am really looking forward to it
Is it just me or did I hear Chester inside Emily at 2:12?
Could have started a new band. Could have just let LP rest in peace in honor of Chester
Can you send me the link for the same thing a while now and then I can get back 😺 can you send me the link for the same
Can wait for the new album Emily rocks
What a year to be alive🎉
Will never forget you CB, we will continue to listen to LP and honor you and one of the greatest bands ever.
Is that the same bar the filmed new girl in?! Lol
Is that the bar from New Girl? 0:52
Its great! but is it still linkin park?
Let Chez go, he’s our love forever… but wtf with the video?!? That strange part with mirror… is it new beginning? So why do they all falling apart to pieces?!?
Where is Chester I MISS HIM 😔
Are we all going to ignore the fact that they paid tribute to Chester right at the end of the video? Right after Em shouts the last word, 3:07 Chester appears or is it just me?
my lyrics video about this song getting copyrighted everytime and blocked from global, but when i check other lyrics videos about this song, they didnt get copyrighted, whats my problem about this situation, how i can fix it, can someone help me please?
why boo a good artist like emily shurely those are really fake linkin park fans
Can't wait for the new LP  ❤ 🔥
Is it weird I can still hear Chester singing this?
What a voice! While he'll be forever missed, and can never be replaced, Emily doesn't need to fill Chester's shoes, she's got her own! I've loved Linkin Park for years, and here's to many more!
Dope song.  I like that they went with a female singer to give the band a new dynamic.  If they'd gotten a dude then people would have complained even more about it not being Bennington.  As for people bitching about Linkin Park returning to the biz they need to realize that this is what these people do. Are they supposed to go work at Whole Foods at this point?
Couldn't you have just called the band something different?  Or made new music for Fort Minor??
super ugly clip... da fuk you think???
Don't use the style and voice of chester, but think of her as joining you when chester was still there.   When chester be history , the rest of you will base on the purpose he had when he formed a group with you.   Even if a new person joins, you are Linkin park.    chester  has always been included your music style and there will be more and more people in the future.   If you forget the original intention of music, you can go back and listen to Hybrid Theory   Chester is not Linkin Park but is included in it.   No one can replace chester, but since you have already found a female voice, why wouldn’t you want to use a female voice to give surprice your music style?
Didn't think I would see the day when they would release another album (though I was hopeful) 😇. Picking a female singer was a brilliant. It would have probably been seen as a move to "replace" Chester otherwise. Looking forward to this new LP era.
Where are the awesome, heavy riffs? Where is the sound? I miss Hybrid theory, none of their albums came even close.
honestly, her voice is so good.. why you hate her guys?
I found her voice a bit similar to Guano Apes singer ( Sandra Nasic).  Anyone else noticed that too???
I still feel the sound of Chester in Emily’s voice. LP could you please make the AI version of Chester’s voice in this song?
Isn't original Linkin... But I recognize that I LOVE IT
When are the rest of the band joining the Scientology cult?
is that the new girl bar?!
What an incredible comeback! A new era. So many emotions; mostly bittersweet. Both Emily and Colin are a breath of fresh air!  Not gonna lie, I have already cried to this song multiple times. It's just great to see them back and that the legacy continues. We miss Chester ❤‍🩹terribly but are also immensely happy to be a part of this and look forward to this chapter ❤ Also, the video is touching, it shows some parts of their old lives including Chester's humble beginnings with the restaurant jobs and Rob (as a waiter as well); Mike himself was a student of Arts (wanted to pursue arts as a child), and Joe was working in special effects/illustrator. What a masterpiece!   And that Linkin Park started as Xero and now they will have an album "From Zero". 🍀  (I relied on internet/articles/videos for some info and put my own opinion so bear with me and correct me if I am wrong)
Why can't I stop crying..
why i still hear Chester voice on this song.
What a song ! ..beautiful introduction of Emily in the band. She has a so strong voice, and she puts so much heart into her interpretation It's different than Chester, and that is ok ...
Do some research on the female singer. She supports some nasty individuals not to mention the die hard scientology part
I keep hearing “final masquerade” anyone else hears that same sound?
what the message of this song? I mean the lyrics.
This song is about Chester Bennington isn’t it?
im sad to see chester not singing this song but im sure he would aprove and he might have sung it differently ? its stll better than no linkin park and it is still music and thats what we all are here for ?yes?
How many time do you heard this music? Me:"yes"
Guys, anyone who's banging on about scientology cults and whatever, just think, the pain in her voice, the lyrics.. Do you not wonder that she might be singing about her deep pain, too?
How good it is to listen to rock in 2024!!
I am the only one hearing Chester at 2:13 ??
0:50 Is that Nick's bar from "New Girl" ?
Shouldn't of used The same name. This is a killer song never needed that name to warrant listening to
Did anyone count how many times you played this song?
did she get consent from the band to be their singer. would chester be proud or happy about this? is this what he would want
Can someone please make a edit of movie shadow the hedgehog running on water to this song?
Things change, people change, I changed and you reading have as well. Why wouldn't linkin park?
Can't get enough of this song... ❤ Incredible vocals by Emily and Mike. The music is just perfect too❤
So... Question. Is "The Emptiness Machine" the name of the ATM that people DON'T go to withdraw their money for tickets for the new Linkin Park shows?
Do you remember what concerts there were in Russia
Why even keep the band name the same though. Mikes pretty much all that’s left.
Didn't hate it. Not my bag.. Keep doing what you want.. Reap what you sow..
Wow, what an intense and thought-provoking video! What inspired the concept behind 'The Emptiness Machine,' and how does it connect with the message of the song?
Why I'm enjoying this song😢
when i first heard this song and watched it's music video, i feel like i got back to time when i first heard and watched the very fisrt song of Linkin Park that i heard...and it's their song IN THE END...that song is the song that makes me fall for the band...and now THE EMPTINESS MACHINE is making me fall for them again...this new song of them makes me feel the same feeling when i first heard them way back when they released the song IN THE END...
can't wait for more <3
Can you replace Chester Bennington? No, you can't, and that's why I am happy they chose Emily. She has some similarities with Chester, but she brings her own style to this. This is not an attempt to clone what was Linkin Park, this is Linkin Park 2.0, and it's very good. We can cherish Chesters music, but we get to enjoy a new era too.
did the haters not listen to this song or what ?
where are the haters , come and feel the vibe  of linkin park
Why did you turn off the video in Russia?
When people hear the name Linkin Park they expect to hear Chester and Mike not this.I tried to give her a chance and even the music is not the same
Who is still watching after 20M
Anybody else hearing Chester in their head singing this song too?
Do whatever you do , but Linkin Park will never return as we knew , without Chester Bennington 💔😞 , i feel like Chester died and took this band to the grave with him 😭😭😞💔
Should of called this a new band.   Its not LP without chester
isnt that the same bar from new girl?
Should have gotten Maria Brink instead. 🤘
As a new listener of Linkin Park, I assumed this song was about the modern society, but apparently it's about scientology?
Why is the opening and beat so familiar, i know ive heard it before and its driving me insane
might be just me but damn the input from mike <3<3<3<3<3<3
I see Chester's face right at the end...at the back of emilys head....anyone else?
When New Divide and Burn it Down, Music Videos   meet each other
What a banger. Emily has such a great voice and its so nice to see them back💯
Why is Monroe from grimm in this🤔🤣
How can I do to hit the Like button a trillion times??? ❤❤❤🤘🤘🤘
Doesn't sound like Linkin Park. It's a new band,not bad, but different!
For some reason... This doesn't sound like Linkin Park anymore. I don't like the new direction... It's like they took away what made them stand out from other bands. And no, I'm not just talking about Chester... I'm talking about the whole sound itself. Wasn't it better to leave a legacy intact with Chester gone? Make a band with a new name?
0:34 am I the only one to notice that it's Chester's scream that has been used as a riser?
Is that the bar from new girl??
why do I hear Chester in her voice
Does anyone else hear final masquerade? I can’t help but hear it every time I listen to this song.
Is this how they treated Sammy Hagar? Oh wait...
Does anyone hear Chester's scream/voice 0.45 seconds in? I can hear him and it's bugging me which song!
What a great music video. Feels like the old Linkin Park
Has Chester Bennington ever said this: ( Work harder. He always does these riddles and he says their rhymes, but I think it's dumb. Mine makes sense. It should come from the heart. Mine is more gorgeous / pretty. I am fine.)
What a song, I LOVE IT, Chester's spirit is definitely there with you, gl emily, gl LP!
Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do.
What a weird move...  Welcome to 2024
How do I filter out this new garbage from their later albums
0:47 Is this Chester head and the representation of Is mind?
Why does it sound like a song I already heard??
People saying "she needs to clarify her connection to Scientology" and I'm sitting here like bro did we listen to the same song?
What a nice band tribute to Hybrid Theory, keep it up guys, long road ahead!
Can't wait for the album
When do you release the new and next album?  I can't handle the anxiety here guys
when you hit rock bottom and begin to dig
After the "controversies", I can't help but understanding "Emptiness Machine" in a different way. Who knows what kind of statement the lyrics really include. In any case, a powerful LP song with an incredible voice!  Maybe some guys know more about this and can afford a strong opinion. For now, I trust in LP and their decision.  To all of those haters with their bias: ever considered you don't have the full picture and  might be wrong with your early judgements?
Why didn’t you guys just use voice with AI and have a hologram of him and all your concerts You could’ve also created him in your music videos with AI
Is it these video break or what 😮 such as art 😮
What a comeback! What a comeback!!!
can we all just take a moment to appreciate that drum fill at 2:42
Ok, she can sing, not the same quality I’d hope for on their new single. But I’m open to it, what else ya got?
is that Rebel Wilson after ozempic
CAN'T WAIT to hear the new album! Hope it's all 🔥 like THIS!!
Will love when they synergize more in the future. But I enjoyed her voice
What the hell!? I feel sad but in the meantime happy.😢
Is it just me or do Emily and Chester almost look alike?
That's the bar from New Girl...right?
Emily Armstrong checks Youtube comments and sees a bunch of haters writing selfishly about their "hurt feelings" and her personal life. Emily Armstrong then checks tickets sales for her next shows and sees that a couple of them just sold out almost instantly. Hmmm, what should Emily pay attention to? A bunch of internet trolls, or the fans who want to see her do what she loves to do and is obviously really good at?
Will give her a try kinda like her but would want to see where they take it from here.   RIP CHESTER
Jayz gonna do 99 problems collab with her?
First i was like meh but after listening to it like 3 times I started to love it now it's just as good as with Chester.. What the hell??
Isn't the mastermind of the band Shinoda?Just like The Prodigy,Keith was not the master mind,just the vocal....
How does it feel to be the same band that predict the PS3 5 years before its release and the PS5 pro 5 days before its announcement?
Is it just me, or does this sound like Billy Idols’ Rebell Yell?
Thus, we realized that without Chester Bennington's voice and lyrics, you are an empty, below average band. This is just an insult to the "Linkin Park" group, you are like a serious parody band.   If you are so confident in your vocals, do it without using the name "Linkin Park" and let's see the results together. You are crazy, did you find this woman as a vocalist?
What a great message I definitely see where this is going and I’m here for it! Also, I would love to hear a personal track from Emily; her story so that the new/old fans can understand where she’s coming from. Will be tuning in on the new album. Good Luck!
When Emily starts singing, got all goosebumps. Guess it was for some space that was to be filled. Wishing her the best to give this legendary band, a part of my soul, a new direction.
... is this a regret song about selling the Soul?
does anyone hear Chester screaming at 0:46 seconds? Or is it just me?
How can you pass this as Linkin Park Jeez
Can't imagine the amount of pressure Emily must be facing to be in Chester's shoes. It's a fact that no one can replace Chester but she did a great job. Kudos to Mike Shinoda he literally brought Life to the band. The rise of Linkin Park every one was extremely waiting 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I wonder if LP will survive replacing Chester with lead singer who suppored serial r4p1st  from her scientology church
why don't they go under a new name? the music is good, but sounds like a different band. related to, but def not linkin park. seems wrong and a bit desperate to make music under the linkin park moniker without chester.
When music clips from the 90th are  100, this is maximal 10. The video, not the song.
Why can't I listen to this song without VPN? What kind of Nazism? I didn't expect it from you
Should Chester hear this, no matter where he should be right now, I'm sure his hands will be sculpted with mano cornuta at the top and he'll be celebrating it just like the rest of us.
I know this may sound cringe, but wouldn’t it be awesome if they had a custom Geometry Dash level for this song?
OK, am I the only one who feels like he is listening to SKILLET right now?
is that the bar from new girl
I was tempted to say this should've been the first song on their third album. Im glad it wasn't,and instead came out in 2024. Makes me appreciate LP way more than i would've then. Who says Nu Metal is dead?
Bro is that the singer from Paramore?
Did Chester Bennington sing this song (the emptiness Machine)? If so, how is it new? It sound like a different band not Linkin Park.
Why should I lie, on the first day when the new single and the new soloist were announced, I refused to see any video.
What did I learn from this? Nothing is forever, even though in the first phase I refuse this thought.
Am I the only one who thinks this has a Rise Against vibe?
is it just me or are we replacing her vocals in our heads with chesters.
i want to be part of something  part of scientology???
Haven't listened to Linkin Park in a long time but really digging Emily Armstrong as the new addition.
After listening to it for the 1st time I was pretty positive about the new ear of Linkin Park then all of a sudden Emilys part became so addictive that I was humming the parts while studying. I'm like I have to listen to it once again.  If you are stilling saying it's not good enough, describing my situation I would ask, then what is ?
How is everyone liking this new singer shen supported a rapist by threatening the victim she needs prison
What a great song!!!  love it!!
Can't stop listening on repeat
Want to know why she was the best choice?
you guys know shes a scientologist right?
Is that Lana del Rey at 0.10?
what band is this? and why is it trying to sound like chester ? so bizzare
Welcome Emily !! and Welldone Linkin Park !?
You have games on your phone?
Why would Brad take not part of the live tour? I don’t get it. Is he also gonna leave?
Why do I hear Chester’s voice!!!! 😭😭😭
Can't imagine the pressure of trying to fill Chester's shoes. That being said, Emily killed it. Great choice for a vocalist. She has the same power and emotion in her vocals, but in her own way. Such a good fit for the band. Imagine what it would be like if Her and Chester could have done a collab song
Who else REALLY wants to hear Chester sing these lyrics? 😢 Great song!
Should have changed the band name. It's not linkin park.
Should be 4 or 5 minutes song, needs another pre chorus/bridge and finalchorus
Did You know you mother was sexual assault Emily? Then just brain washing and you are a servant of scientology. Speak Emily Armstrong. You know I am one of those few, who discovered You singing sliver of Kurt Cobain. And I felt in love of your voice and with Wheater Man I said She is going to bring life the music. Cause I saw in my soul a brilliant mind and soul. Tell me you are a lie. One morelie in mu s ic as Linkin Park. Cause Linkin Park is the last Mainstream creation. They are not a natural band in progress AS NIRVANA IS UNTILL NOW. That's the reason Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Radiohead, Red hot Chilli Peppers, Cranberries, R ichard Ashcroft Incubus refused t he Mainstream and they are free now. So much hope Y ou Emily was the last trully musician. But now ufff You are a monster who could burried trully art and music forever. What fake plas t ic tree you are Emily Armstrong. And go the hell with the rock version of Coldplay you are Linkin Pa rk.
Are my comments being instantly deleted? Lol Shame on you for now allowing negative opinions. What a joke!
Of all the singers of the world she was the best fit for LP? Really?
What a song and emily killed it😍
Why did the band kick Chester Bennington out of the band?  He was a great singer!!
What a bulldog mastershit... This is not Linkin Park.
So what was the relation between Emily and Danny Masterson and Scientology?
Who is crazy to say that linkin park ins't the best alternative rock band? LOL, miss u chester btw
Shortly Before the PS5 pro Announcement  Coincidence?
Yeah, where's the guitar solo?
Why is Rob not with the band anymore?
What a voice she has.😮Powerwoman!!!!!
Anyone else thinks some parts of this song resemble final masquerade?
waiting for the end 2.0?
Am i feeling the "Linkin Park" Vibe after a longg longg time?
When Linkin Park makes a drug commercial...
Anyone felt a Blink182 vibe at the first seconds ?
Who else thought that Ivo Rosario was gonna be the lead singer for the band
Why it sounded like...  The light on the horizon.. was brighter yesterday.   With Shadows floating  over ... thes cars began to fade..  we sait it was forever.. then it slipped away.. Standing at the end of    THE FINAL MASQUERADE.
Bro wtaf 2:13 is chesters voice.... Anyone notice?
Is good to see this band rocking again ! Thanks guys ! You’re awesome 😎
Where is the extended version of this shear masterpiece?
I just realized she looks a little bit like Chester. Does anyone feeling as me?
Can we have this kind of music back plz and stop with all the bs
Was it really that difficult to form a new band? Because as much as anyone might want it to be its not Linkin Park. Slather it with the name all you like.
Why you blocked this video in Russia? It's dumb. Not every Russian supports the war and our regime, you know? It's not like you loose something by showing us the music video. It's not like you're paying something to Russian government as taxes since there is no monetisation. It's just a discrimination, because, surprise, we didn't choose in which country to be born. Thanks for ruining the mood!
Is this league of legends worlds song 2024?
Can't wait for the album ❤🎉
What a pressure on her shoulders. Just imagine how it is to be new singer after Chester. She can't replace him, sure thing. But it's a new start, and nobody can't blame her or Mike for trying to give a second life to LP, instead of letting it die. She's Great. She-IS--Great, that's all, she doesn't deserve the hate some people gave after the live.
Is it just me or is there a sample if Chesters scream at 0:45 , it's like his spirit is still in the songs
Can this song back to transformers again...?
Why is this making me cry so hard damn
Can we get other version of the song using Ai for Chester's voice
does anyone else see/feel a transition from Emily to Chester when she pixelates?
when mike produces a song or makes a decision it's always the right one!!
May you rest in peace Chester Bennington ❤❤❤
An AU where Linkin Park was never formed?
Had my doubts but good vocals and like the message
Should have just started a new band.  This certainly isn't Linkin Park.
Why all these people spreading hate about Linkin Park, do you guys ever heard what Chester been singing about?
Is this intentionaly done that the only hiting bit of the piece is sang by the lady? Nice!
Sounds nice, but kind of empty. Maybe it’s simply a different time, requiring different style of music?
Doesn't beat Chester but I will admit this song goes hard. Her singing Chester's old songs makes it more obvious how much better he sounded but this being a new song with no reference to him makes it better.
who else hears "Guilty All the Same" in this song am I going crazy????????????????????
What the hell is that voice !?! Really amazing and powerful ! 😮
when your attempts at underground bands don't go well and you have to profit from the nostalgia. Respect Chester's kids, Mike.
Is it just me or does anyone feel goosebumps every time you hear it? This is incredible... Emily has her own personality that shines through the song. She's not replacing Chester. Chester can't be replaced and is in our hearts forever. Thank you for keeping his legacy alive. Thank you for keeping LP alive. And not kidding about the goosebumps though.
Can they redo Breaking The Habit? It’s not only a nod to Chester’s and LP’s legacy but truly a step from Zero.
Why is her voice so over processed eww
Does anybody have a theory about the meaning of this song? I have mine, does anyone care to know?
When I first heard the song I got the chill & felt Iike I was transported back in time to being a teenager listening to “In The End” for the first time. The song lyrics resonate to a level where I feel like anyone could understand them.
Who's still here in 2029?
In the line, "I keep on lying to", shouldn't that be "too"?
How I was waiting for Linkin Park to return. It seems like Chester was resurrected in her body, he looked so similar.
When I seen they brought Emily in from at the return concert… and watchin how the video brought everyone back together from doing different jobs always awesome…I can’t believe it’s been 7 years already and the album from zero is awesome because they were lost without Chester for so long they had to find someone starting from zero… BUT CHEATER WILL NEVER BE REPLACED … Chester and Emily were friends for a long time so it was just perfect that they picked her in his name cuz I think he would pick her to…THANK YOU EMILY MIKE BRAD DAVE  MR.HAHN and ROB… I kno this album is going to be unbelievable…I kno I’m goin to cry listening to it
Is it me.. or thats clearly a throw back trough the beat and notes to "final masquarade"? Man they sound so alike.
Can we can just question THE MUSIC? Regardless of the new singer personnal history, the new music is just bad, this is why the return of LP will fail, point blank.
What disgusting and ridiculous blasphemy.  Apparently they haven't learned yet, huh? God have mercy on them.
I want to like it but just feels dirty. Change the name of the band and I can get on board. Aren't they already replacing her because of the whole Danny Masterson Scientology thing anyway?
I feel like she is "Featuring", and the other band members also not in one. Maybe you all can adjust appearance to be more fit in a band?
Why does she remind me of MGK 😅
Has anyone read the lyrics and thought about that this song is might be about Chester? Hints are allover...." Let you cut me open just to let me bleed" and most important " emptiness machine" (i gave up)(depression), "fire under the altar" "i always wanted to be a part of something "( chester is still with them), LP is suffering a loss of a dear friend
May they always continue to succeed, may they reap new successes, good luck in their new stages Linkin park 👍👍👍
How do you pick someone to take Chester's place that stands for everything he fought for?
Are you looking for me? I will come back again soon..'Shaking...Shaking the Scriptures..🎉❤😊
I wonder how will change the drum part of LP's music.  I mean, it's already a huge difference,  but it will be very interesting to see if Collin could bring this fresh energy in the next projects, without tanking that characteristic LP sound
is that the bar from New Girl?
She is good, she is beautiful, she is powerful, she is not a replacement for Chester, she is talented, she has energy and she symbolize new chapter for LP. THEN WHY ARE PEOPLE HATING ON HER?
50 years of life and now I have The Warning and Emily Armstrong dominating my playlist. What more could I want?
is very goos, i love this so much, congratulations, i like very this song
the question is: scientology or not?
Should have just made a new band..led Zeppelin stopped after the drummer passed..it's a respect thing..the lyrics mean nothing unless coming from the man that lived it
Is it just me or does anyone else hear chester’s voice mixed in at 2:14 ?
What I'm missing from your latest songs is Mike's rapping. Not singing but rapping. Rock and rap. Then everything will be complete.
You guys forgot Rob and Brad... where are they? Who are the new ones? No video about the changes? I can´t come to the concert in Hamburg. Cologne and Düsseldorf are near by me... do me some favor k?
What a voice this lady has, wow, I dont expect that love this new sound, a new era for Linkin Park, Chester's memory lives on
Can't wait to hear the new album!
Why are so many fans afraid of Emely? I can't understand that... it's about the music and not faith or politics... she has a great voice... give her a chance...
Who was Chester? He was a demon at the same time who could sing like an angel...
Is that hummus they're serving?
Can't wait to hear the remainder of the new album. 🤯🤯🤯
Can't flipping wait for the rest of the album.
Is this still a uplifting band ? 😌
Have to echo what I’m reading in the comments; she isn’t tryjng to replace Chester this is a new linkin park and if this first single is anything to go by I can’t wait
was really happy that you were back at the start, my favorite band love you 🫶
is this halestorm with mike shinoda?
Can't wait to see her sing Given Up 😐
Do wathever you want just please don't even try to play the old Linkin park songs with this girl. It doesn't sound good and we won't get used to It. Those songs mean a lot for us please be respectful.
What got me listening to Linkin Park fifteen yrs ago was the music and not the band. This song feels like Linkin Park! New era begun… welcome, Emily! 😊
Anyone else had this song on repeat for hours?
Why Emily dressed like a Pokemon trainer LOL
when emily's voice come in it was truly an eargasm
what a great comeback, linkin park! emily is amazing. love LP 4 ever ❤️
Had to listen to it about 3 times. I like it. Must say the comeback not bad. Well done.
3:04 Look closely, the character was Chester Face when Emily turns and spins for one frame.  Like and Comment D: It's real??
What an amazing song and Emily's voice fits perfect
why are you all hating, its linkin park for god sake!
Was a lil skeptical about our new lead singer, but this song was a straight heater...🔥🔥
is that.. "castle of glass" typa?
Could not have made a better choice in picking a new co-vocalist. Great song!
So they went the dual vocals' rout because it's popular and/ or they couldn't find someone as good as Chester?
How could i be happy to not seeing Chester here again
Don't you think the lyrics send a clear message to all of us, fans and haters?
Well What they've done is they created new divide between fans. Some of them cares Chesters one more light is important and they "do". Some of them says that it doesn't really matter in the end. But we all feel crawling in our skins when Scientologist, who cannot say anything bad about this cult is now in his shoes. Her sister is calling liers child SA victims, even that the predator already convinced himself ? But Hey Emily? Who Cares for that one more light? Well we do. I'm pretty sure they will sell us a fairytale story of victimized girl, that rised in that cult, but was different, and forced to do bad things (boo, hoo). If all this is true… it's like pissing on Chesters grave.  But there is no information. Why? Cause Scientology PR team can't handle that? Or maybe there was to much money involved in that new album and tour that they need to get back to finally get rid of her.  Dudes. Clear the air! Answer! If she quit the cult and can prove that - we are fine with that, she is great!. If not? Don't replace Chester with someone who is ok with child SA, don't belive in psychiatry, and protects rapists going to curt and replaying that boohoo, she didn't know where and why and with who she was going.   We care for victims. Not abusers. There is suicide prevention month, and yesterday was suicide prevention day. On your SM there was nothing about it! Why?
Was hesitant, but damn, we're back baby!!
Why am I listening to it on repeat? ♥
When Meteora came out, people were like: "What is this? This ain't like Hybrid Theory" When A Thousand Suns came out: "What is this? This ain't no LP" When One More Light came out: "Oh, so, LP is a pop band now?" When From Zero comes out: "No Chester, no LP" It's okay. Some people just can't be grateful. Keep moving on.
Did Scientology already schedule the next Armageddon?
Enough about Chester and Emily what about the song do you like it ?
Who here has seen Emily's style in video clips like Kurt Cobain? His blonde hair and striped sweater remind me of Cobain. but I just want to comment, Emily put her own color on the LP. can't wait for more. this one is awesome
Can't stop listening to this song since it came out 🤘
I rly like Emily and the music is dope! but shouldnt they at least rename band as tribute to chester so his life work is seperated chapter?
Nice song but the video?? Not in sync and one doesn't know if there is an effect or problem with the codec?
What if chester sing this song 😮
Is it only me who feels that she has an aura and similarity like Juliet Simms in her early days? Who else sees it that way?
Why is this video length is 3 days? Cant stop listening
What a great choice! We will have Chester in our hearts forever, but this new voice promises great things for the future! Hello from Belgium!
can everybody just move on and listening the song
What a debut! Long awaited, and I am absolutely stunned at how awesome this is! I'm so stoked! Emily Absolutely KILLED it!
Should of rebranded but this song is hard
What amazing f****cking song! All my love to you for this new start! 💕💕💕💕🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵🎸🎸🤟🤟🤟🤟
Would you guys please Stop comparing chester and emily? Move on. Can't you just appreciate her voice singing? I love it. Hail from Brazil
How many of you cried when she hits the Chester notes on chorus .
How many times have you replayed this song? Me: Yes
2:15 can you hear him too?
I like the song. I’m impress with her vocals. I just wish they would have renamed the band. I know that it’s still Linkin Park members, but without Chester is it really LINKIN PARK?
Can I just say that this is such a smart move putting Emily as the co-lead. The band is just new now and having a female isn’t replacing Chester, but beginning again and it’s nice that there can’t be comparisons to Chester in that way. He was one chapter, she’s the next. And she’s got a great vibe and vocals and it’s refreshing seeing this kind of female singer.
That food looked cold.  Wth, Joe?
Is that Mike Shinoda's voice now? Sounded like what I've heard from AI generated song voices. Emily Armstrong, however, sounds like a good female equivalent for the band, so I'm pleasantly surprised.
For those who say its new linkin park, then change the name, linkin park died the day chester died. I know its bad for the rest of the mebmers but that how it is. Not everything is replacable, Chester cant be replaced. The song and every other they said live feeld like a youtube band covering, ofc ill listen to the songs if they are good, but its also bad to think that after all he was right  " Who cares if one more light goes out?
What did I just witnessed ? Her voice is phenomenal! She just murdered that song 🎵 by herself. Awesome
What a disgrace to Chester’s memory. Delete this
When LP turns into scientologist rock band.
Can bet they didn't choose lightly.  Ratt, Journey, Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Metallica. Just a few other bands that have changed line-up and been just fine 👌
can't wait for the new album, Emily has a really good voice, all luck to you guys and this new era for you
Where were the die hard fans after their first three albums? Those albums from 2000, 2003, and 2007 combined sold almost 80 million records worldwide and almost 30 million in the U.S. alone?
Is this really a Paramore cover?
When I first saw her with the hat and green striped shirt, it made me think of the break dancing chick from the Olympics😂 but I do like the song
What is interesting for me is that her screaming voice is actualy similar than Chesters.
never was a massive LP fan, but I gotta say, she seems like a good fit to me? I don't know. what do the actual lifer fans think? Yea or nay?
Why would you hire a singer that is everything Chester stood against?
Why is it not available for viewers from Belarus? What kind of discrimination is this? We are not a humans?
Why Bring Lincoln Park back? Why not create a new band with her the lead singer not (“Dishonoring or honoring”) Chester? His old friends and her start their own.
Is it only me or does it sometimes sounds like we hear chester his screams 0:45
Why is this song giving three days grace vibe?
Is it just me but this sounds like guilty all the same? 🤔
Will take some time to get used to linkin park without Chester . But looking forward to the new era
Was n cooler Track RIP ches
IDK… was it necessary to mark the comeback with such depressive lyrics? „Let you cut me open just to watch me bleed“?
Oh…..I’m so sad about this choice of a singer! A person that supports a rapist….. Linkin Park is officially dead!!!! Part of Chester’s depression was from being abused….and you are now including a SUPPORTER?????
Who ever asked for this. Absolutely nobody what an embarrassment to a legacy
Why doesn't she sing "be" in pitch
HOW CAN U NOT LIKE EMILY? shes is awesome! she can never replace chester
You guys forget one thing, they do a JOB for a living like all of us. if there is someone working at wallmart and doing his JOB, and this person is in the "church" so you dont go to this Walmart or any other wallmart anymore? They are musicians, its their JOB to make music in the musicindustry, if you dont like it, switch to another musician and listen to them instead. Why cant people mind their own business?
Okay .....am I the only one wohl hears Chester s scream Like an Echo ?
Why too many haters because a girl as new singer ? It’s really good 👍🏻
Why does she remind me of the woman singing in Kontrust :P Could have been a good counter for her
What a great new song and rebirth for Lp. Homegirl has her own style but I can see and hear Chester Spirit through her when she sings and performs. You go girl!!!!
What a banger! So painful to feel Chester's spirit but not seeing him. Can't wait to hear more from Linkin Park.
Hey guys i discovered something, At second 45 it is a scream, It sounds like Chester's scream or i am wrong???Or it is Emili's scream???
What an amazing voice and fantastic tribute to Chester. She matches his energy and intensity while bringing a totally different female vibe. Can't wait for a new era of LP songs to kill my voice at the karaoke!
The question is, when are you coming to Mexico?
Can't wait for this Album to drop lets go Linkin Park welcome Emily your talented
Should be called, Chester Park , keep Chester's name 👊
Should be Linkin Park -Reborn Is homeboy seeing her and that’s why.
What do I believe?  That Chester is very happy seeing this 🤞🏾
Melhor musica em 2024?  -  Best song of 2024?
Is it prototype of the Reaper Leviathan from Subnautica only the picture?😮
would be perfect arcane 2 ost
3:07 does anyone else see Chester in this frame?
Now please this song with Chester voice. Guys who gonna do it ?
Oh is that girl who have a pdf file bf?
Had my doubts, but I’m beginning to like Emily. RIP Chester, gone but always remembered, legend! 🙏
Does 0:46 is a tribute for chester's scream? Or just a part of the song
Can someone AI Emily singing part to Chester voice. It will improve the good song by 10 fold. ❤
I absolutely love the new version of Linkin Park. Chester is the past, he will always be missed. But people who criticises the new LP, what you prefer? to see this amazing band dying?
Who's the male singer though?
How many times have you played that song? "Yes!" 🤣😍😍😍😍😍
Can't wait Emily go to the moon
Can you please make an old hybrid theory album using her voice? That's damn good. What do you think guys?
this mv is really bad wtf warner?
why is the music the same as the music castle of glass, i don't like this
Has anybody looked up who she is and where she is from????!!
How come they copy each other's Eyes? 😅
interestiing track name.. emptiness machine, what could it mean? anyone can hint ?
This sh-1-t is paramore 2.0?
Haven't seen anyone think about the fact this is emilys first song as LP singer, is the 'Emptiness machine' not a metaphor for scientology as a whole, every part.   * FYI I dunno if its confirmed she is/was a part of it.*  Fallen for the promise, gave up who I am for who you wanted me to be, wanting to be a part of something.   I feel like everyones just kinda jumped to hate without thinking from that angle. Its a cult she was born into, and if they leave or speak out they are in very real danger. And I feel LP could be aware of that connection she has to the lyrics, hence the lyrics being what they are. Chester showed us, his lyrics his entire career were very real, and we were somewhat blinded to that, linking our own lives to the songs instead.  Just a thought anyway but still, banger ❤
What a powerful voice 🤘🤘 sooo f… good🤘🤘🤘
Is this the new album of the Paramore? Then I would like to ear the woman without auto tune...
Who knew it would be a Scientologist that officially killed linkin park
Who else enjoyed this new song 👉
Why pre order can not shipping to Indonesia?😢
Why is not Danny Masteson part of the video cast? Oh right he is in jail, at least some Scientology iconography to make honor to the new singer will be nice
Can't get enough of this song, lovin it and Emily's voice :)
May today you discover wonder in every moment, and may your heart be filled with joy and love.
When I heard that Linkin Park had a new singer I was very skeptical  But now I am convinced that Emily can shape an era.
Is this song about  taking in Emily Armstrong a Scientologist, a cult/criminal organization that engages in human and child trafficking, child and elder abuse, the coverups of countless SAs on children and adults. she also defended a rapist in and out of court. So NO I’m not here for it. Even a victim can become an abuse. Is she/scientology the emptiness machine? Or just the pain machine?
Am I the only one who saw Chester cameo in bar beside Emily ?
How many damage gonna make Scientology..... I unsub for first time since youtube exist
When i'm young with Chester And now Emily , awesome 🤯🤯
Can't wait for more, her vocals are perfect and the longer the band works together the more they'll evolve <3
QUESTION for Emily: If someone is having thoughts of self-harm, do you support them seeking out help from a mental health professional like a psychologist or psychiatrist?
Can we all agreed that this song is dope, lyrics are stucked in our heads and we all sing along "part of , part of". Such Meteora vibes there. Well done LP.
I wonder how this would sound if I was to use ai for a replacement as Chesters voice however this new chick's good
How do they make this video feel like it was shot in the 2000s? Has that whole feel to it apart from the modern HD.
When will the track come out so that I can download it?
Should of just started a new band honestly.
who wrote lyric of this song?
Yes, we know she's not Chester... but she's incredible and great fit for Linkin Park. Can't we all just be happy we actually have a new song from our favorite band?
Who is here checking Linkin Park because of League Worlds
No Emily, are you a scientologist?
Why are you working with a Scientologist? It’s an insult to Chester and his work for mental health advocacy!
What a beautiful song. Has it all, harmony, sadness, anger. Very Linkin Park... We all miss Chester but he's sadly not coming back. Enjoy instead of judging and/or comparing. It's a great song.  Thank you.
Can't believe LP is making a comeback! Couldn't be happier rn!
What an amazing, beautiful song, can't stop listening to it, I'm obsessed
How could they put someone who supports Scientology, a cult, in Chester's place. out with Emily Armstrong!
Knock knock... Arcane 2? Maybe soundtrack?
Is it bad? No. Is it Linkin Park? Absolutely not. This should have been a new secondary project for Mike. It sucks that there's nothing he can do to exist as Linkin park without Chester. Maybe after 20 years and a whole new generation who doesn't remember Chester the same as fans who experienced his career.
In the 46-47 sec of the song, is it just me or can you hear Chester screaming?
WHY.. ROB LEAVE FROM LINKIN PARK ..?
Hi fanbase! do you know Victor Borba?
When some has to be viral... Must be some like this,emily is chester with a vagina,best song last decade
Why did he bring back linkin park? can’t mike make a different band name? It just feels like a mike Shinoda colab
Who os emily? Mama i fall in love i cant stop loving
Would be sick to slide a part of an old song with Chester in the song and generate an old clip or live show video slightly edited where we see him sing his "old part" and passing the mic to Emily turning his back to the crowd and just walk off the stage waving the goodbyes to everyne and the he disappears, for ever! I knew something was about to happen they released some old song they never released before, and to be completely honest, I'm really not disapointed! The song is really great! Emily is a good choice, I guess I'll have to get use to hear her voice on the old songs on live shows! I wish linkin park the best! As a 31 y/o, as a 20 years fan I hope they keep doing for at least 10-15 more years at least! Now I have to go watch some DeadSara wich I honestly dont know, so I can learn more about her!
Who is here before worlds 2024 song drops?
When I first started listening to Linkin Park, I wanted to research the history of the band's name, and it turned out that they chose to be originally called "Lincoln Park" because every major city across America has a park or public place named after the 16th president, Abraham Lincoln. Their thought process was that the audience would think Lincoln Park is a local band, and that's how they would market themselves while performing live and starting out in the mid 90s. Now, with a new female lead singer, it pays homage to be thought of being as a local band, because Emily Armstrong wasn't really famous at all, probably a different style of rock music than Linkin Park itself, and probably wouldn't ever have imagined becoming a member of a male rock band, but I think that's why the remaining band members chose her to be their new voice, along with Mike Shinoda, such that there aren't super high expectations from her that she will be replacing Chester Bennington, which she absolutely can never do! But as artists, Linkin Park is constantly evolving and changing their styles, so even though Emily cannot immitate Chester, she can be that "local girl" who is the new voice of a band that originally called themselves "Lincoln Park"   R.I.P. Chester
when the world needed them the most, they returned.
Might be unrelated but is the bar the same set as from New Girl? It looks a lot like it lol
Who's here for Linkin Park?
Is a new start. I really feel LinkinPark's essence
Isn't that the bar from New Girl
when they said to me linking park got a new sing i was afraid, but i see my fears where foolishines
When chester passed i fell to pieces...his work with Linkin Park got me through so much it was honestly hard to listen to Linkin Park for the longest without crying or getting teary eyed he will never be forgotten or replaced..EVER  but I embrace the new beginnings of Linkin Park..I have waited for this moment and i  broke tears but out of happiness and grief
How can you insult Chester Bennington like that?
Has anyone else ever stopped to think that - If Linkin Park was the last great rock band, shouldn't we be excited about their return? Remember today's "autotune" generation. They don't know what Linkin Park is or what it was for us in our generation. They need to know. I really hope the new LINKIN PARK is successful. Mainly so that it can be one of the main agents for Rock to return to the Mainstream. It can't stay in the Underground any longer. And what about Emilly on Chester's vocals? She will NEVER be Chester. That's a fact. But I don't think Linkin Park will ever find a new Chester. His voice is too IMPACTFUL. Let him rest, and let Emilly carry on with the band's legacy.
When I was in high school I related to "Numb". Now I'm older and these guys - and lady of course - are still making me relate to their videos as an adult. Well, it's been a while but I'm back to show support for my favorite band. Welcome Emily.
So Linkin Park is Guano Apes now?
Why I wanna cry when I listen to this song? I am sad that Chester in not in this song, but so happy to be present to LINKING PARK REBORN
What I love about that song is that THIS IS Linkin Park. It sounds like Linkin Park, it feels like it. It brings back memories of a time when, as a teenager, I listened to a new Linkin Park song and was thrilled to hear this new song that was definitely about to become a hit.  I didn’t know what to expect when the news about a new lead singer popped up. But I’m so happy now as this song is just beyond any expectations I might have.  Emily is amazing. She fits right in with the band. Of course, no one can replace Chester. And I agree with people who say that Emily joining the band signifies new era, new beginning. But I’m also really happy that this is not something that’s completely new. That this new song still has the same vibes, the same DNA that we know and that we really love.
Should have changed their name. This isn't LP.  Y'all are f*cked up in these comments. Kissing her ass like she sounds good. No 🙅‍♀️
Who else is getting Guano Apes vibes from this ????
When i first heard that linkin park is back with a new vocalist i was not disappointed when i heard this song. I realized that chester Bennington been gone since 2017 and this isnt a replacement for chester but a new chapter of the band. Again i was not disappointed in this song.
*QUESTION 4 EMILY*  "If someone you know is having thoughts of self harm, what would you say if they wanted help and asked to talk to a councilor or psychiatrist"  UR ANTI PSYCHOLOGY so WTF r u upto??
Why is this called linkin park? Its completely different music, why not change the name?
Is this really the best that could be found with such a terrible weak voice?
When I found out that Linkin Park had a new voice, I wasn't sure if it would be good. Now I'm hyped 💪
Is it just me or do I hear a lot of similarities during the chorus with Final Masquerade?
Can we talk about the look and feel of this video for a moment? Those were some of the most impressive visuals in a music video that I've seen in a long time!
Why do I always cry when I hear these songs? Because I'm happy because they're back? Because they're just incredible? Because it's pure Linkin Park?
The first time I heard it, the song blew me away. As if Chester himself were saying: It's great, right?
Why am I so emotional about this.  Non stop crying.   Chester passed the day I found out I was pregnant I’ll never forget that day.  This brings back alot
When should we expect a song called "Dancing On The Ashes" dedicaded to you dancing on Chester's,and what once was Linkin Park, ashes??
had to wait till 1minsomething to get hooked but then the music, video, everything is really good. the beginning is very poppy, slow and kinda boring.😅😅
What amazing way to start a new era!
When i close my eyes, i hear Linkin Park
When I closed my eyes...I can almost hear Chester singing along with Emily's part. Brought tears to my eyes.
So, when does the new Xbox come out???
Already pre order the album. Who else ?
I wonder if someone can just ai chesters voice overhears for any future songs they make lol.
Give me kinda League of Legends Vibes ?
What the hell is wrong with those who insult Emily??? LP deserves to move on and so does Emily and no, she doesn't replace Chester, but thats not even what she's aiming for. And guys, she f***ing belongs to LP !!!
What an amazing song! Hoping the best for this new era of linkinpark
When she wanted to became chester, i didn’t like. Now she is being her, and she is 🔥
Is this a hunting party bonus track?
Am i crazy or do they talk about what i think ?
Dunno if I'm imagining this, but is it Chester's face at 3:07 ?
When I first heard it during their live on Youtube it felt like I already knew the song since forever. Chorus is stuck on my head since then.
When u realize NUMB can be related so much from her pov , future prediction is real!!!
Why is this new band called Linkin Park? I don't get it.
can someone remake this with chester ai vocals so i can see which one i like better? edit: nvm found one
why not just go by a different band name when theyve literally done it before
Why a women? Why not a men...
Was this originally written by Chester n never used, or possibly another band mate??? Bc the lyrics are very similar to how n what Chester Bennington would say
I mean, i don't fully hate her, she sounds great, but man. Why her? With her past? To replace Chester? Wtf world did I wake up in? Why tf am i the o ly one here freakin out?
Could you guys release a clean version of this too?
Is it weird that i prefer Emily over Mike singing?
Why is she trying to sound like Chester
How to rebuild a band - Tutorial
Didn't know him but ill never forget him. Glad you're back.  Take care and have a good one🫡
im the only one that thinks linkin park is now imagine dragons?
Anyone listen the instrumentals of the music "massive" too?
doesn't really give linkin park vibes tbh
Where are my Meta Quest 3 people!!!?
Would love to hear Emily’s full version of this. Rest in piece, Chester 🖤🤍
I'm liking the new Linkin Park. No one will ever replace Chester, but a new Era of Linkin Park is here and i'm excited. BTW, is anyone else getting Halestorm vibes from Emily?
Also, we are ignoring how Emily is a scientologist and covered for Danny Mastersom? You couldn't have picked better guys, considering that's what Chester fought against?
Anybody else notice that at 3:08 Emily kinda looks a little like Chester?
What a Awesome Singer ! Emily we love You!
What a sick of LP new era, welcome to LP Fam Emily🤘🏻, i'm all for it🤘🏻🔥🔥
What a comeback, the song is amazing ! Emily has such a strong voice, welcome to her !  I can't wait to live the new era of linkin park !
Why am I hearing Chester's voice over her voice?
this is number 1 trending. what happen to youtube?
Am I the only one that's so emotional right now?
Why can't they just make a new band? Riding on the fame of a dead person just feels cash-grabby.
Is the rumor true that the guitarist from Linkin Park is leaving the band?
What if chester sing this song😢?
May Master Chester's power be with you, Jedi ♥️
Theories on what “the emptiness machine” is?
When I first heard it, I felt unfamiliar. But listen to more It's really great. Support you, Emily
How about her connections to Scientology?
I'm I crazy or is it in the end at 3.08 I'm seeing Chester in Emily??
when i close my eyes i can hear chester sing...the song
When someone says they like Linkin Park. I don't mean this.
When LP released One More Light, it was days after my brother was killed. Then, when Chester died a month later, it killed me even further.  Apart of LP continuing, I am not looking to find drama and just appreciate the fact we get to hear LP again!
Who else loves tnis song? I’m a lifelong LP fan and I love this song, breath of fresh air also with a hint of older LP. Emily is a good addition as long as she doesn’t try to be Chester.
May God lead you to lift the fallen youth once again.
So.. what about Scientology Emily? Why keeping quiet?
Is it just me, but the lyrics are talking about us the 🪭?
Could you come to Thailand for a concert tour? If you really come, I will buy tickets. ❤
Have to say, she's growing on me, there's something special and magical about her, I'm sure she'll be even better with songs catered to her vocals.  Looking forward to the new era
What an amazing new singer! The song is good and solid from the off, but as soon as Emily opens her mouth the track is elevated tenfold . . . more. Totally can see this version of Linkin Park becoming one of the biggest rock bands on the planet again. Bravo!!!
How I have missed this!!! ❤❤❤❤ I already love this song
Is this album gonna officially be released on Nov 15th? The same day as ASSassin's creed Shadow,  can't wait to see them both!
Can't  wait till they bring out the album for the new era of the band
Why the new singerin looks a little bit like Dr. Molly Clock from Scrubs?
Why add a singer when with Shinoda it was perfect? The group should stay like this. I'm quite disappointed and don't understand the choice of this singer who doesn't fit at all. Sorry.
Why are you crying? I'm not crying 😭😭😭. Another chapter opens 🔥🔥🔥
wait wait wait, at 03:07, Chester takes place of Emily which turns back like he is leaving the stage?
Had my doubts after Chester, but this is amazing 👏
the og drummer left the band ?
Am I the only one hearing heavily compressed Chester's scream sample at 0:45 while the monster Mike is painting is trying to get out?
Why does this loop perfectly tho?
Can't help thinking of how Chester would have sung "I let you cut me open just to watch me bleed. Gave up who I am for who you wanted me to be". I can even hear his tone! RIP legend
Why chester suicide tho? Does he don't value life? U only live once n he choose to end his life🤦🏻‍♂️ That's pathetic way to die
What a great song for a comeback. Great choice of singer too! I'm glad to see you back 🤟🏻
Can't wait to see what's to come 🤙🏾🤙🏾🤙🏾
WHAT A RETURN❤ Thanks for this
When this started I thought it was an ad for some kind of new psoriasis drug. Then it got worse.
Should have put this under the ft minor name.  It’s good but not linkin park
Was Lzzy Hale not available? Very similar singing style. My issue is with this new lead singer live....if it had been an American Idol performance Simon would have torn her apart.
I still cant listen to this all the way through without wanting to stick pencils in my ears, ick. Bringing a woman into LP i thought was a really cool idea but they couldnt find someone who could actually sing?
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEW ALBUM!
Do you know how Brad Delson got himself a courier job at UPS?  He applied with LinkedIn Park!
So, where are all those guys that loves to play with a lot of AI apps, I don't see them taking this song and replacing her voice with Chester's, just as a game? Insane and creepy, isn't it?
When I listen to this song and if you pay attention it looks like Chester himself wrote those lyrics… “I let you cut me open, just to watch me bleed, gave up who I am for who you wanted me to be”  That energy on her voice, for moments you can hear that clean scream from Chester. And it hurts, when you clearly hear someone you loved and you turn your head looking… just to realize it was just your memory singing in your own soul.  1:38
what is this song's about? the AI art thingy?
what I personally think is if this is the beginning of a new era linkin park change the name of the group
New feelings to face today and with this song and a beer what more can I ask for?
can I have a new album please?
Does not sound like LP. it sounds too much like country music when she is not singing. I never would have guessed that this Linkin Park, too bad.
How can you come into Chester’s band and sing in his place? You’re literally a Scientologist idc if you say you aren’t, you joined that religion because you identified with their beliefs and now that you join a band where nobody likes you that’s when you choose to denounce your faith? Scientologists don’t believe in mental health issues so with that being said you’re singing Chester’s songs YOU LITERALLY SANG Numb which is a song about mental health which he vocalized and you don’t even believe what it stood for, you don’t even believe Chester had mental health issues. And on top of that you went the hearing of Danny Masterson( a convicted pedophile and rapist) to defend him???? You’re sick in your head dude and I hope Linkin Park falls off the map with you. Chester Bennington did not deserve this.
What a time to be alive.
What tha hell is this. Bonnie Fraser is better
May Emily bring us a new era of Linkin Park and may fans be patient.
Was Lauren Babic ever on your radar for this role?
What a song!! Linkin Park forever 🤘Chester would be proud
Welcome back, guys, and welcome to Emily, great voice, girl! love the song, can't wait for the album! Question though - will there be a tour in 2025?
Is this song about being part of a cult?
What a great song to start the new chapter for Linkin Park
When she screamed , I had tears in my eyes . So extremely great !!!!
Can't get enuff of this ... 🤘
Can't wait to listen to the new Linkin Park era.
Where is the rest of the new album. I'm ansious to listen all the new songs!
At first, I was like yes! but then I learned about the new singer Emily Armstrong. 💀 Scientologist, and a supporter of Danny Masterson. Really guys?
When you have no inspiration, but also owe your drug dealer lots of money.
All comparisons to Chester aside, Does anyone else get a hint of Kurt Cobain from Emily's voice or is it just me?
"I only wanted to be part of something" why do Linkin Park songs relate so much?
Remember how you used to be? When you barbequed burgers and ribs?
Was skeptical but honestly this goes pretty hard
What a revival; true LinkinPark.  More, please!
Its the perfect soundtrack for Arcane or league worlds. Isnt it?
Is this Caster Bennington from another multiverse or something?
You knew that the singer is part of the cult of the church of scientology and she supported the rapist?
What is This. Is Not That Right Who Is That? Do You Know is Female Vocal Music Video Is Ruined My Childhood Memories Gotta Ruin Linkin Park Era Of Year? Like… Come On Why is Not Male Vocal Song Still A Thing. It’s Gonna Hate It. Or Me Too What’s Is Wrong With You!  Let me Know Who’s It is! TELL ME!. ANSWER!!😡
Anyone else imagining how this would sound in Chester's voice?
When i heard they returned with someone new, the range of emotions were unexplainable once i accepted shes not a replacement, just an addition i saw her talent and im happy shes here LP forever
Can I interrupt to point out how insane the mix and master of this track is. Too wild.
Do you feel anything? I feel nothing.🫠
When I first saw Emily, her eyes caught my attention. I just lost a great friend to the battle of addiction recently, and it's been a rough go of things. Emily reminds me so much of her, and it's mostly in the eyes. That coupled with the stellar performance and feeling in this song, brought me to tears.
When I heard that Linkin Park is back with two new members I worried about it being a cashgrab using the name.  After hearing the song I want to welcome the new members! This song is peak Linkin Park and totally rocks! Glad you guys are back.
When Emily started singing on the stage I knew I was already in love with her.. I couldn’t had imagined anyone singing in Linkin Park before I heard her voice that moment.. I gotta say, Mike spoke his genius again❤️
Apparently she's a scientologist and a rapist side kick (Masterson)?
Can't wait to hear the new album this is good so far
You put together a new band and could have called yourself something new. Why exploit Linkin Park?
Emily sounds awesome! Am I the only one that thinks her sing-screams sound a lot like Lzzy Hale?
Is it just me who thinks Chester is at 3:07?
Why the hell did I just get emotional? Not even to the video, just the song on Spotify. I legit only came here to toss these thoughts somewhere. I was blessed to have seen these guys twice, didn't think I'd ever get to again, and wasn't positive I'd be as excited to see the new setup, but now? Damn.😢
Emily Armstrong becoming chester at the clip on 3:07?
baited at 2:01... the only one?
Why am I so emotional? This hits so hard, Emily is incredible
why do i'm getting  one ok rock vibe on instruments style?
I wonder if this song was written about the backlash that they knew that they would get for having Emily on vocals? If you listen to the lyrics it makes sense.
Okay where is the ai chester correction?
Where is Linkin Park? I see an attempt at a comeback that will fail because the band's essence is no longer there. They needed to have studied better and put Chester Bennington in his place because no one is going to replace him. However, this Emily Armstrong is not good and there is no such thing as adaptation because the band has even lost the pleasure of listening to the music because the instrumental part has also changed for the worse and it will only be downhill.
Is this the new singer? Or just a guest? If shes the new one, good on them. Vibe is the same as ever and I dig it
Had to listen to this a few times. And as a LP fan from hybrid theory and the release of crawling, does anyone else listen to this and hear the ghost of Chester?  Look forward to what the band produces in their new era of LP.
Is that Chester's echo I hear in the beginning or is that my brain playing tricks( 00:45 in)? This song straight up gave me chills. Love the direction <3 Enough said.
Why is everyone going on about. "replacing chester"... And hating this revival and Emily! If someone's partner dies and they get with another person 7 years after they die, are these people going to want that person to never move on, never be happy, never create new memories, lose their creativity, and not get on with their lives and would prefer them to be stuck in the past for the rest of their lives?! I don't think so!! I admit, at first I was so surprised and thought... This is different .. but oh my God I can't stop playing this song, it's amazing and it's 100% Linkin park!! This video, the song, the lyrics .. YES!! I wish I could sing like Emily. Fantastic guys, amazing. Can't wait to one day see you live again!!
Do you guys think this is like a "One last time" thing? Doing an album and tour for one final time before permanently breaking up?
I like the lead singer but what's the rest of the band doing? I mean this song doesn't really sound like Linkin Park tho', does it?
Should be a whole new band. SMH.  🤷🏻🤦🏻
Should have had her sing the entire song.
did anyone notice how emily in the end glitches into chester? and how other bandmates did too at times? or maybe I am wrong.
Had no clue LP got a new singer. When she started singing, I figured she was a guest singer and damn was she amazing. There's something about her tone that even has a hint of Chester. All I could think was, I hope she's permanent. They found the perfect singer. <3
Will you guys do a us tour all of your tour stops are nowhere near me😂
Can't wait for the full album and see what Em, Collin and rest of the old squad is capable of! RIP Chester, you wont be replaced and your legacy will live on forever.
Where's the people who can change voices with IA?
...is that the bar from New Girl?
didnt yall say you wouldnt try to replace chester?
What happened to their former drummer?
Didn't think we'd see the day ❤❤❤❤
What an amazing rebirth!!!🎉 LP is keeping its 2000's essence. Can't wait to listen to their new album. What a great addition.
Enyone  heard this song in Chester's voice like me?
why am I addicted to this?
Why nobody talk about how Phoenix character inside this video really match his looks. What is that? A telemarketer? Helpdesk?
Is it just me that can hear Chester singing it through her as well 😍😍😍❤❤❤
Should have changed band names Mike.. Chester was Lincoln Park, you stood on your own for sure outside of Chester. But i wish you guys the best of luck
Why not the guy from the Linkin Park cover band looks like Chester and sounds like him. Emily will do for now I am excited to see them back together. Need a US tour for sure
Should had let the band die same way Nirvana ain’t the same with out it’s frontman this feels like a Star Wars now Mike is money hungry and couldn’t let it die
Why cant the haters just be glad they are moving forward just not forgetting whats not happening and what can actually be?
Didn't think anyone could match Chester, yet alone surpass him! But emily has!
She is worthy of the torch Chester left. Do we not all agree?
Didn't know I needed this in my life.
will always remember chester...but im just really happy they are finally releasing new music....
I had this song on repeat ever since it was dropped and i don't know if it's just me but i can sense the presence of chester in it, he is there in every part of the song with his soul and i can also hear his voice on it i don't know if i'm delusional or anyone else is feeling the same?
3:07 that's Chester, right?
After learning about her connection with Scientology, this song seems to take on a more personal meaning. Maybe the struggle to get out of a toxic community is a traumatic process? Thoughts?
Couldn't have found a better fit as lead
how could you bring Emily who is been part of the worst cult and everything LP stood for. Child SA, mental and physical abuse, ask her how she was separated from her parents and forced to live in the desert and do hard labor and Scientology school til she was 15 when she had to quit school, she signed the billion-year contract, Scientology is only letting her do this if the =y a motive, more people for her to recruit, more money to give the church, workers of Scientology are forced to live off 50$ a week, they live in the org buildings 9 plus to a room on bunks 3 high, eat rice and beans for life, yet they have so much money, they hide their money In real estate 2.6 billion in property they own in USA alone. ask her about the child abuse, loo how many pending lawsuits they have. get rid if her, she shares nothing if the same morals that Linkin Park stood for, look how she apologized for supporting Danny Masterson, she wasn't even allowed to say his name per Scientology policy, I am shocked this is everything Chester Bennington stood for. the people she is part of, those kinda people played a part in his death. sorry but true! ASK HER TO TELL UPI ABPUT Xenu , IF SHE IS STILL WITH THE CHURCH SHE CANT EVEN SPECK OF HIS NAME AND IF SHE DOES SHE WOULD NEVER SAY Xenu  OR TALK ABOUT HIM IN PUBLIC 100% FACTS.
Can someone make AI version with chester’s voice ?
Is the guitar guy the same or he was replaced too ??
Won't lie was really worried at first when I heard there was a new singer but she done meen as 🤘
Would be great if Shinoda wouldn't sing at all.
What a vocal! What a comeback love you my childhood love ❤❤❤
Doesn't seem fair to keep the Linkin name...I like the sound, she sounds great, but it's no longer Linkin Park. As an old skool Linkin fan, it doesn't sound right to call themselves Linkin, it sounds like an entirely new band, not impressed by the nostalgia niche they're using, this is not Linkin park. Make money with your talent, not a stolen band name.
Can anyone make this song on Chester voice with the help of A.I.
What venue was this awesome performance ? Luv it Emily brings the sick vocals!!
Is it just me or does this track keep getting better and better with each new listen?
Why not just recreate Chesters Voice with Ai?
Why didn't this band make chester tribute music video????
Didn't she back Danny Masterson during his S/A trial? This is who you chose to replace a man that we all loved and dearly miss that stood against assaults towards women and children. 😢
Why not call it sometime else use chester for member berry 🫐 ridiculous 👎
When I watched their last interview, it seemed like no one mentioned Chester except for Brad Delson. Now, Brad has quit the tour, which suggests decisions are being made without consulting the rest of the team. The song is good and very faithful to Linkin Park's style, and she sings well, but the way she's performing doesn’t allow her to fully express her emotions. Chester always seemed comfortable in that space, allowing his feelings to shine through in his voice. I believe if they find a spot where she feels more at ease, we could hear something extraordinary. Good luck, guys, and keep going!
Is the church of scientology financing the new tour?
WHY THIS SONG ALONE IS BETTER THAN AN ENTIRE ALBUM OF ONE MORE LIGHT ?
Is this Emily Armstrong debut ? Like wow omg Linkin Park still feel the same as time I was younger , I'm glad Linkin Park choose her because she still bring the same feel of Linkin Park .   Thank you Emily Armstrong for your hard working on practice to suit the Chester singing style yes obviously not to replace but to healing what a fan missing is , Thank you for this correct decision  Linkin Park is back 2NE1 is back What a blessing with my growing music era
Will never be the same without Chester but I kinda like the new era of LP
Have to say - I really enjoy this!
what a voice emily and what a lyrics ♥️♥️♥️ love from Bangladesh♥️♥️🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
When it"s about Linkin Park  Chester always come 1st to my mind
What a comeback ❤️ Go ahead Linkin  park ❤️
Will we get a Remake of Meteora with Emily ?
Is that restart of ,,Guano Apes,,? .... Rubbisshhhh
What a banger. Love Emily. Good to have you back guys! <3
Who already has theories about what’s the “emptiness machine?” Music has a good message….
I don't know why I'm posting this comment cuz I can clearly see you guys are censoring your replies but I'll try anyway.   It's really sad to see Linkin Park bend the knee and kiss the ring of a human trafficking cult. Absolutely reprehensible  This is despicable and shits on the memory and legacy of Chester Bennington. You should all be absolutely ashamed of yourselves.    Oh Emily, while I'm here, where's Shelly?
Why they even call this band Linkin Park? It's clearly not that anymore. C'mon guys. That's sad... 👎
What a awesome voice she has ❤️
How long can she sing like that with that pitch? Wow!
What about making an album with the best LP songs with Emily..
Who else hears Chester? She’s Fkn awesome
is this the Bar from the Series NEW GIRL?
What a track, can't wait for the album 🔥
Do you know what I think... I'm waiting for the AI version of his voice Chester Bennington...😢😢😢
Does anyone notice Chester's vocal layer at 2:11?
This is giving me minutes to midnight vibes. Anyone else?
Damn who let that lady cook???
Did anyone notice the subtle callbacks to Numb, Crawling and Somewhere I belong?   Numb : "I'm tired of being what you want me to be" Emptiness Machine : "Gave up who I am for who you wanted me to be"  Crawling : "Crawling in my skin, these wounds they will not heal"  Emptiness Machine : "Already pulling me in, Already under my skin"  Somewhere I belong : "Somehwere I belong" Emptiness Machine : "I only wanted to be part of something“  And if the lyrics weren't enough, the story in the video at 00:45 and 1:41 are callbacks to Numb and Crawling!  Finally, the generation that listened to LP was fighting expectations from parents. The same generation is now fighting expectations from society as adults. The video makes so much sense! Goosebumps! What a masterpiece! If you know, you know!
is this song about being born into a cult?
Should we call her emily Bennington? Shes rock well 👍
What I wouldn't give to hear these lyrics in Chester's voice.
Why did you ban the song in Russia? What have the Russian fans done to you that we can't listen to your song?
New vocalist is good but the drummer still not good (it's my opinion you can agree on not?
Yes! My favorite band is back! Edit: 2:13 Am I crazy or did I hear Chester's voice for a split second?
Why not change the bands name and leave it as it was. It’s not the same band at all, the dynamics are wildly different it’s hard to even call it moving on or evolving. It doesn’t sound bad it just doesn’t make sense.
When you thought LP was six feet under but mike shinoda refuse to give up and resurrect LINKIN PARK ❤️
What a disgrace and disrepect to Chester. Replacing him with a girl that can barely even scream?! Let along it's a girl! NO ONE can replace Chester. LP should have quit after Chester died, yet these hungry asses want more money. Also, two new members??!! LP died when Chester died!
Is it just me or they sound more like One OK Rock now?
Is 2009 back again😢 still remember the first English song i heard "In the End" and that's how i fell in love with their music 🫡
Can somebody put Chester's voice with AI in this song please
What a track.. strong return sonically
Is she replacement of Chester Bennington! 😄 No one can  😢
When I heard this song for the first time, I immediately felt moved because it was as if Chester had come to life. Emily's position here is very suitable and not to replace Chester and this gives a new color to Linkin Park.
Who else will be here in 2064
Is only me or it sounds like chester at 2:14
Can someone explain what tiktok has to do with anything?
Can AI do it Chester sing this song???😢
Should switch Emily for the guy that made hybrid tribute band I believe his name is Logan levine he is still no replacement but I believe he comes somewhat close in range he deserves this spot more I think… but don’t shoot the messenger that’s just my two cents. The gender swap also throws off the feel of the band. I miss Chester, such a great person, inspired and helped so many people live through tough times.. may he RIP.
How many distorted effects do we want in this video? Mike: *Yes*
How hard she has to prove herself with the world for a new era with this legendary band. How brave she has to go on the stage even though she knows she will face the negative fan comments.  If you guys are LP fans. Support her, support band. Give her and the band a very warm welcome.  Go on LP. Go on Emily. I know you guys are awesome. ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Can't explain how happy I am to see that Linkin Park is starting all over again. Emily isn't a replacement for Chester. But, she is incredible. She is a new beginning. ❤
What a great song !! Linkin park is back !!
Might as well be a new band. I dig it.
Look I’m all for new singers taking old singers place but umm. Wasn’t she one of the people who was trying to you know hurt people who was testifying against Danny masterson?
Was just trying to imagine how chester would have done it. 😢
should be Linkin Park 2.0
Can't get behind a scientologist who betrays women and supports violent r*pists.  Was there no one else left to hire?
When Emilly voice come out of nowhere... JUST FIRE!!
Why dont Linkin Park just Ai Chester’s voice
will never be like the old but I happy for new linkin park lyrics any way we can get them
What an amazing song! Can't wait to see the rest of the album!
Was skeptical at first but this actually feels somewhat like OG lincoln park.
Can't wait hear the giving up version
Why you just don't change group name and leave legend to be a legend
What a boring song. Incredibly forgettable. Overproduced pop rock snoozefest.
Did any1 notice how whose couple of thousands likes bots use words? NEW LINKIN PARK ETC. pathetic agenda bots
Should have made a new band, this is NOT linkin park. Not even close.
Meh, not terrible, I just fell that without Chester, is it really linkin park?
does this mean we are going to get bangers at the end of transformer movies again?
Has similar vibes to their Hunting Party album
This song sucks. Seems like the worst instincts of Linkin Park to write hollow lyrics are back. Also, if you wanna be part of something, maybe make sure it doesn’t abuse kids like Scientology does?
Was hesitant about the new singer. But as someone who started off with LP and then branched into death metal, I can say she has earned her place musically speaking.
What a great song! This will definitely become one of my favourite LP songs ever
Is that a female Chester? I'm from Manchester and I feel offended. Jokes aside I'm glad my favourite band is recovering and this is a good song
What a great way to honor Chester! I think nee songs going forward are gonna be great her singing his stuff thou wow that's gonna take time
Can we upvote this so the band really knows how much we love that Legendary LP Guitar Riff!
when i see emily armstrong, i always thought her as that australian breakdancer in olympic who does kangaroo pose
Wow wtf… Who is this chick?
Does Shinoda know what a Scientologist whack job his new singer is?? Seriously, everything LP used to stand for was against being in a CULT. 😡🤬🖕🏼
What a brilliant video.  Predicted the exact reaction of fans and how it affects the band.  So many people reacting negatively are "so f'n naive."  Bravo Mike and Linkin Park, absofreakin brilliant.
What I like is that she's not trying to sound like chester, its still her sound. Love it
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE ALBUM RELEASE!!!!
Is like he is here with us listening to this amazing song......
can't stop listening,i was a big fan of linkin park and now i see that they are back and it revive a lot of souvenirs
Can't stop listening to this song on loop
who else here wants to cry
Not the same sorry horrible what you guys don't have enough money or what??? What is this all about?
Does anyone hear Chester screaming at 0:46 - 0:49 I definitely can hear him. Chester your voice can still reach all the people in this world and i am sure your voice will reach all people in the afterlife. A Legend never dies.
Why not just start a new band.   The legacy is with Chester.
When i first  watch this music video of Linkin Park   I remember My idol Chester Bennington 😢😢❤❤
Who can replace Chester ? … I must admit Emily is a very good successor and I really love female hard rock singer (even if she has serious controversy’s especially with Scientology church)
Do you get it? Emily is singing about her past religion Scientology!  She was friends with Danny Masterson but don’t hate her!! People think if she doesn’t come out and  verbally shame him then she is supporting him or his actions. ❤ P. S. I never knew how talented Joe Hahn as he produced this video!!! Give a shout out to JOE!!
2:49 and 2:57 Anyone notice the platform they're on at the end is the same one from the livestream?
When the song started with Shinoda singing, I was like "geez, I miss Chester's voice, without him, this song doesn't hit me". Then Emily entered, it hit me! The graspy voice is back! Not Chester's, but I like Emily's too. Congrats for the excellent choice for the new vocalist! I can't wait for listening the other songs of the new album. Best of luck, Linkin Park!
Who is your Linkin Park bias?!
What an avalanche of energy! Emily, wtf! I can't express how many times i got goose bumps, and at the refrain i teared up 🥲 Thank you Linkin Park for being back❤
Are we forgetting that Emily is a Scientologist who vehemently supported Danny Masterson through his rape convictions and tried to suppress the testimony of his victims?  I'm pretty sure Chester would not approve.
Is actually better than i thought it would be , i can see a song or 2 to be played in DMC 6 xD
Who else can feel Chester's presence in this song? This is the heart of Hybrid Theory. The shell has been broken on a new era. Thank you Mike.
Have to be honest with you: this gave me goosebumps, a 100% LINKIN PARK type of song. AWESOME JOB MIKE SHINODA!
You guys realize the new singer is a Scientologist that supported Danny Masterson during trial right ?
Was skeptical reading in the news about the new in, but Emily does fit in! A new era. Chester can never be replaced but his legacy can be carried forward by the band n this new lady! ❤
How do I upload my resume to LinkedIn Park? I was expecting instructions or a how too, but it's just singing 😞
How many times are they going to make the same song
What a banger…  Edit : I've now listened to it an unhealthy amount of time... It's just so good to hear I couldn't hold my tears thinking about Chester, may he be watching them and be proud of what they went through and where they've still been able to go without him. I love the fact they chose to move on to something new and fresh instead of keeping the same vibes and staying the footsteps of his predecessor. I really hope it'll work in the long run, I'm already in love 😍
Hey guys! I have a great idea! Let's replace Chester with a Danny Masterson supporter, a scientologist, and someone who intimidated victims at a preliminary hearing in court...  What a respectful tribute to Chester, eh?
Has Mike ever proven himself to be as talented at singing as he is rapping?
When I heard her voice at first I had shivers, it was just like I hear Chester 😮
What is this? Linkin Park lost credibility with this. Seriously, a new vocalist. This cannot be compared to Chester Bennington. From my point of view, the band should have retired. For someone who is a rocker and a music connoisseur, this is unacceptable. To dishonor the word of the deceased vocalist Chester. I'll stick with the old Linkin Park. This is no longer Linkin Park. It's a circus and this goes beyond its true essence. Thank you and this is my opinion.
Welcome back, guys! We missed you so much! Welcome Emily and sorry for the hate..i think some of us didn't move on after Chester passing and still waiting for him! He will always be in our hearts and for sure would be so proud of you!  For all the rest, look at Mike's smile from the live concert, that pure joy, how could you be mad about this?
Isn’t she a sciencetologist and didn’t she help try and stop a sex pred from being sentenced??? If so surely this spits on Chester’s legacy?
Does anyone else think it would be awesome to hear Chester, Mike and Emily together? 🤍
So Brad is still in the band, but just not touring right?
Why even bring up Chester? sounds amazing. Love it 1:34
Can't wait for the new album !!
Was a fan in my 10s Was a fan in my 20s Still  a fan in my 30s
when i heard a new singer was a woman i couldnt imagine it, to be honest i didnt believe it could work, but... she´s amazing! So awesome voice, such an energy! I like this new style!
What a banger song, that's 100% going on my playlist.
What a disgrace to replace Chester with someone that belongs to a group that denies CSA and mental health care. Just change the band name.
Linkin Park Feat. Guano Apes. I like it.  At 0:46 can you hear Chester screaming?
What a great song, it radiates a contagious energy, this girl has great character, they sound like they've been together for a long time, excellent. I'm glad they're coming to Colombia on their next tour.
What the dissguesting fk ?! GG lp is dead, make sara dead again . . . ohh no its 'link dead sara pak', a new band 🤮.
Is there a part of Chester's voice? The last hook sounds kinda like a mix of Chester and Emily
Who cares if one light goes out, well I do! If Mike is happy I am happy! 😒
Why am I crying ? Am I happy ? Am I sad ? Idk
is this a sign of alternative rocks era comeback?, after a decade being bored of pop, edm and R&B
Can't replace Chester. But "A Warm Welcome" to Emily in this new era. Couldn't think without chester linkin park will be same again. But Emily did that and she is only the lost part of linkin park puzzle.. ... Love the song. Almost make me cry.
Is Linkin Park and a New Linkin Park !
Will we be seeing colabs with other artists like you’ve done in the past?  I am excited to see the new music that’s coming.
Anyone else feel like the drumbs are kinda....basic?
How many of you know that the old name of Linkin park is actually "Xero" or Zero? So, the title "From Zero" makes a lot of sense. Doesn’t it?
How dare you stand where he stood 😢
who the hell is she? her voice is just boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom💥
1:28 im the only one hearing "across the line" vibes?
When emily sings the chesters part it feels like cover to me. Not hitting me because I grew up listing Linkin park when chester was there. I thought there would be no linkin park.  But this song makes me feel that linkin park ain't dead. Emily is doing great. The only thing I can say is "let her cook". 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Should of changed their name and left Chester's legacy alone.
The beat of.... castle of glass?
IS THAT THE GRYFFIN BAR FROM 'NEW GIRL'?
When I saw Emily as a female vocalist, I was quite surprised and felt a little strange, but after listening to this song I immediately fell in love, I thought her voice was very in line with the soul of the beginning of Linkipark, although with a new color, Emily's voice character has very clear intonations, and the vocal pressure is strong and powerful... I immediately liked it. Likewise, the drummer also really fits the soul of Linkinpark
How isn’t this on trending???
When the LP world tour will be announced, so that relive they epic masterpieces,  even without Chester , but his legacy must live on and LP vibes are all over there.
Where in the hell is the LOVE IT button??!!
why a new vocalist? mike was fine :/
What a year. New eminem music (which was shait) New alien movie (which was shait) New linkin park music (which was shait) I have no expectations left to give
What a banger! So happy they’re back. Never heard of Emily before but she sounds great 👌🏻 And nobody talking about Rob being replaced… Grew up playing his drum parts 🥲
What an amazing song my friends! Emily's voice is fantastic!  Watching here from Brazil 🇧🇷
Is that chester at the end of the video in her position? 3:06
Who else has heard this over 100 times already🔥❤️
This 100% has Numb, The New Divide and Somewhere I Belong vibes (many others as well but I felt these the most)  Does anyone agree with that?
Can't wait to add this album to the collection rock on Linkin park and RIP Chester we will never forget
How impressive.... Welcome back LP..show me more of your amazing song..
Was never really a LP Fan, not saying I didn’t like them, but this is definitely a new leaf…. I like it. Great replacement
This is trash. What is this edgy pop rock?
Is it just me? Or the resemblance of Kurt and Chester stirs in the video.
Do i really liked it, thanks Linkin Park!
Why TF this isn't trending . Where all all the LP fans that shared insta stories 7 years ago. Fking hypocrites.
Had tickets to the LP concert right before Chester died.  Would have been my first LP concert… sigh… but this sounds very promising, rock it out Emily!
Who's still here in 2024?
Is good to see them back, seriously. 🥲🥲
Y'all should have changed the name but that only if y'all respected chester but didn't his bandmate marry his wife?
When I heard Emily's voice on the hook, I immediately cried. My inner voice told me that this was Linkin Park's voice.
Can't stop listening to this song, New Era has come.
May you have Chester’s blessing, dear Emily
It's actually not bad what why people complain ???
Should have just started a new band
What a banger! This song is fire!
Can't believe they'd see what happened to Chester then hire someone who thinks SA is good and mental health problems are all fake. As a musician, she's good. However, who she is as a person has permanently marred Linkin Park.  Cancel the album, and break up permanently. Less than Zero.
How to say it. It fits. I don't know a different way to say it. Made me tear up. It's sound new but in the same time it still sounds like Linkin Park that I grow up with. Emily's voice is so good and the emotions she puts out while singing. Thank you guys.
Is this what they call E-Meters now?
Can we get a tour with Evanescence and Halestorm?
I wonder how this song would have sounded in Chester’s voice! I’ll always miss him.  Emily, you were amazing! Looking forward to more great music in the future. Thank you!
she gave the same kind of energy as late chester...or is it only me?
why the hell  you don't just quit and keep good linkin park memories in my head..........
When Chester passed away, the Linkin Park feeling went with him... Thank you for bringing that feeling back. I wish from the bottom of my heart that everything goes well in this neew stage of the band. we will always be with you.
What do you guys think is the meaning of this song? Watching the video, it seems that this is about all those people who working day in day out the same job, experiencing the same empty routine every day. That's why it is the Emptiness Machine. I kinda can relate to that a little bit. It's this machinery we are all trapped in.
why am I seeing and hearing kurt cobain too here along with chester vibes. but i like it!
She’s an amazing singer no doubt !! But idk i just feel weird listening to her in Chester’s Position. Something about it just makes me feel … like a hand missing a ring finger you can still do everything normal but it’s just there you know?
What a reveal. she is a very welcome sound to an all time amazing band. Thank you LP!!
Is  it OK to cry while watching this?
why would you pick a scientologist r*pe-apologizer as a new singer? That is disrespecting EVERYTHING Chester stood and suffered for and shared with the world.
What a powerful and moving lyrics, it resonate deep & reflect raw emotion. Chester Bennington's legacy lives on through heartfelt tributes like this. Emily Armstrong, with your voice of a warrior and smile of an angel, you're not only doing justice to Linkin Park's music but also to the whole world, man this is what keeps me going!!!!. Keep shining and touching hearts through your art. 🎶💖
Is it just me or does this sound kinda like castle of glass?
Should have a new name. This isn't Linkin Park.
She's great. But can she do the Given Up Scream ?
Does anyone else hear the different aspects, the entire song has sounds from each album theyve done. If you listen carefully
Didn't like her singing old linkin park songs but this sounds alright. Haven't been a huge fan anyways since the first two albums when they went alot softer So this is a welcomed change
Can we get Linkin Park to perform at the Olympic Opening Ceromony LA28 please 🙏
Why not a new band? Its not Linkin Park without Chester and this replacement...
does not matter who she is. i am hyped.
so how much is Scientology making off on this ?
Didn't care for it. Always miss Chester and old linkin park.  That my option.
I wonder did Zenu help her write this song?
Boost the bass, add a little mid and this song will receive 0% hate. Also has anyone listened to the AI Linkin Park Tracks recently?
Can't wait to see more! Welcome Emily, welcome back LP!❤
Can't wait to see the AMV's of Sonic and Dragon Ball that'll come out with these new songs
How the mighty have fallen. This song is just not much of anything. Boring chord progression, boring melodies, autotuned vocals, this is exactly why rock is dead. No one is doing anything new. This is just same old same old and it's not half as good as it should have been. Very disappointed.
What really like about this is the lack of hate comments, lack of bad comments, just people enjoying a band who found their way to move on and brought us their new way to express themselves
What a time to be alive ⚡️
Could this be the best ever comeback? let you cut me open <3
When the painting moves, is that Chester's scream from the ending of Pts.Of.Arthrty?
Might as well call the band Shinoda .
Can hear chester at 00:45 i love this song
Sooo... when are you guys going to address the fact that in a place of a beloved vocalist, who's been victim of sa and who struggled with mental illness, you picked up someone who allegedly not only believes in scientology, so doesn't believe in psychology, but also supported a r*pist in a court?
What a bad choice. I don't think she fits into the band. Bobby Amaru, would have been a much better solution in my opinion!  ￼
Was that Smells Like Teen Spirit video-vibe when she sang?
What a voice, I have goose bumps - we are seeing the new era of Linkin Park here - I'm sure Chester Bennington is looking down on us all and is extremely proud
Can't wait for the album, and also for this AI cover from chester
Are you F'ing kidding me? Selecting a Scientologist to replace Chester????!!!!! Especially since Scientology turns a blind eye to child sexual abuse!!! Well, except to blame the children for bringing on their own sexual abuse!!! Chester was a victim of sexual abuse himself, as a child, and it F'd him up all the up to his death!!!
Who else feels like Chester is screaming at you during the second verse? Definitely listen to this one high.
Can't stop listening to it
Can't stop listening to this love it
How many views in a day? 😮👍🏼🔥
What to say, in general it's not bad, but when she starts to raise her voice it's not so perceived and it's no longer linkin park, but a mixture of pendulum & Lascala. But so very good, we'll see what will be on the 15th of November.
Is that her, or Chester at 2:20?
Holly Molly She is kiking ! Where is 1h version ?
can't stop listening to it , dk why
Why not call it sometime else how disrespectful
she aint chester but she knows the linkin park vibe you know what i mean right in your  head ur feel like it feels right am i wrong ?
This song sounds like “Final masquerade”, isn’t it?
Is it me or, we can hear the screams from Chester in the song😮 awesome 😎
What a powerful voice, love it! Chester will always be in our hearts, but life goes on. I believe he's happy, wherever he is. Welcome back Linkin Park 🥰
Why not a Good Chester Cover? SHE IS GOOD, but is not the same ENERGY.
When will the song appear in Beat Saber?) 🎉🎉🎉
What the name is new album?
What is new can be loved and embraced as much as the old we lost and miss without forgetting it.
I wonder what if hybrid theory bring this song on their live show
How could you do this?!!! Emily is a rapist-supporting,mental-illness denying scientologist AND a transphobe!!! YOU ARE CRAPPING ON CHESTER'S MEMORY by having her around. What the hell is wrong with you?  ...nah,this lineup can sod right off, I've been the biggest LP fan for more than half of my life but this is some bullshit! I wont be listening to anything Emily Armstrong is part of.
Have to say love this song, Emily has amazing vocals. Looking forward to this.
Like it. Is there a deeper meaning in the lyrics?
Should have called the new album From Xero though😄
How dare they make this SOB there lead vocal. Singing Chester song who is a SA survivor!? R u kidding me! Including a person who is involved in Scientology!! A rapist pedophile group n defend a serial rapist !?  part of something  my ass
Can they make a new name band? Dang linkin park was a core. Now it became a paramore type with sadboy rapper type of band
Why i think to Arcane series when i listening this song
had to listen a few times to get used to emily - but the new evolution and future honours chester he is forever in our hearts & simply not just being replaced
I can’t support this version of the band going forward, not with all of these alleg…. Wait they’re playing at the forum next week?!? When do tickets go on sale?!!!?
How my ears missed this. Since so long.
Just close your eyes and listen to 2:12-2:24 part. Whom vocal is it?
can't replace Chester Bennington, but Chester don't want to see Linkin Park fall apart, New Linkin Park, the new beginning！ I like the song like the voice !!
Why has nobody realised that she is a crazy scientologist and a rapist sympathiser???  The whole vibe woth scientology is that they don't believe in mental health which is what LP is at its core. Seems like some serious research was missed
Why this feels like a perfect Arcane Session 2 song?
Am I the only one who is getting some slight oldschool Guano Apes vibes from Emily's part?
Why am I in tears? And why am I putting this on loop for an hour now? 😭  Welcome back LP, Chester will be forever in our hearts ❤
What an entry! Was i ever hug fan of LP?- no, they came too late with their energy, but i have always had respect for the band and listening when they come up on the radio. I was truly saddened when Chester left us. Happy to see LP is moving forward and it looks like all ingredients are here to give it a good kick start!
This message is for all those who have lived through trauma and are still consciously around today.   Trauma changes you but so does the courage to grow from it. Including the sudden loss of someone who gave so much, in the emptiness of grief and sadness, we've hung around and hopefully are old enough now to realise - that sometimes the best thing you can do - is just keep going.   This band, along with everyone they work with, is living proof of what it takes to stand up again and face the unknown, crushing the fears in pursuit of passion and purpose again. All for it.  Here's to all those reminded of their teenage years, finding ourselves amongst having the best (or worst) times of our lives - aren't we so fortunate to be here right now?
Who up linkin they park rn
Is it just me or is that bar the same bar from The New Girl?
Honestly, for me, Linkin Park has always been associated only with Mike Shinoda. He's a genius who remains in the background for many. Come on, why is that?
Alright guys... my favourite part of LP song, THE BREAKDOWN! What do you think the song means guys? Or how do you interpret it personally?
Why did you simply start copying Skillet from the original sound of Linkin Park?
Why do I hear Chester's voice in her?
What an incredible year in music!  New Linkin Park,  New Eminem,  New Manson.  Im just speechless
I love the song, but is it just me that can't unhear "the final masquerade" during the chorus?
Is it just me, but when  both vocals sing blend, its almost you can hear chesters voice come through... Emiliy has started a new chapter for linkin park ❤❤
Why did you hire a rapist defender and enabler to sing when the person she replaced was abused?
1:38  Am I the only one that started hearing "Dino rangers roar! Power Rangers Score!" in the back of my head?
am I crazy or was that transition at the end supposed to be a glimmer of Chester?
Why does everyone keep saying the same thing about Emily not being a replacement blah blah blah? Everyone got it already. Jeez. 😬
When I was young, I listened Linkin park, so many times, Now I'm a father, now I hope my childs can grow up with this new beginning, and I'm happy to be a part of this new beginning
What a magnificent resurrection! This piece is worthy of Chester, and he looks back at you with pride from where he stands!
Why not make a new band this dampers
Courageous step for the band, isn't it?
Why would you make a scientologist your new lead vocalist?
Is this gonna make era of band coming back??🔥🔥🔥
Was it really worth you leaving just to come back after Chester left us all? Now it’s not the same and it’s too late shes good but not the soul he was.and you know it Mike!
What a comeback !!!! Just imagine this song in chester voice  🤯
When she screams... I'm getting goosebumps❤❤❤❤... I think she is the worthy successor of chester❤❤❤
Should of just picked anotjer name. Gonna upset to many people. Song was ok
Why does it feel like i hear Chester when she screams?😢
I am listening to new LP single - isn’t it huge?
Would it hurt for them to mix in rap and rock with lyrics? That was the defining factor of Linkin Park. Great to see the new vocalist and new music, but wish Mike would rap again. They sound more like a generic alt pop rock band now.
Is 2:13 for a split second using Chester prerecorded voice as backing vocals or am I hallucinating it because my mind wants me to??
What is this? Paramore? The song sounds like something old Paramore would write and the female singer Emily Armstrong sounds like Hayley Williams
Anyone else holding back tears of happiness?
Should name themselves something else.Not LP.
I wonder if anyone can do an AI voice replacement on this track to see how it sounds with Chester’s voice in it 🙈 Jokes aside, LP is always evolving, just like all of us growing up and experiencing different stage in lives and have new perspectives, I learn to be at peace with Chester not being here, the band took 7 years to finally healed and move on (kudos to Mike) most band would ultimately disband and members would just go separate ways. I personally want LP to live forever, especially since their songs have been an important part of my life, I hope everyone can accept the band’s new direction, but if you don’t like what you hear simply walk away.
Is it a tribute band?????  Why is this not LP? 😅
Is the familiar sound of Linkin Park yet a bit more screamo maybe? I like it, is just like i'd been listen her for years already
Is OK the song ...but no one cant  replace Chester😢😢
Emely can I Call you Chestery?
That’s the bar from New Girl tho, right?
Can we hear from Rob? Is he okay?
when Mike said "good to see you again" in the show was... omg welcome Emily and Colin, long life to LP!
When Emily sang in high pitched voice, I literally got goosebumps. I'm so excited for the future songs!  PS. The song is yet another masterpiece LP owns.  Always, LP
What a delight! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!
What an absolute insult to Chester’s memory, a rape apologist, a church of Scientology observer, a religion that believes all mental illness is spiritual… given the documented struggles Chester had it’s hard to believe you’d be this stupid ! what a disgrace !
Is no one going to mention that this song is a re written version of given up from minutes to midnight….listen to the drums
1 question. Is she still friends with Danny Masterson?
Why the hell do I have shivers!  This is fire!
When It comes to this song and the new singer, you have to play it twice for it to immediately grow on you ,  this Album Better be GANGSTER
What is the difficulty in writing new lyrics, 3D projection of Chester, Chester’s voice through neural networks and forward new songs.
Why does everyone have to qualify their comments with "Not a replacement for Chester" blah blah. Its so annoying. It's time for LP to move forward. Emily sounds amazing here. Shes a perfect replacement.
Is it me but I here Chester's voice is a faint in the background
Big brain time: is Mike painting Xenu?
Mike, why did you choose a rape apologist for Danny Masterson & a ridiculous Scientologist?
Has anyone made an AI version of this yet with Chester?
When she came on I actuaky just cried my eyes out as I miss Chester so much and I felt him . Thanks Emily.  Welcome to a new era . This is what we all needed
Why is no one bringing up the fact that Emily came to convicted rapists Danny Masterson's defense? SMRT MOVE, Linkin Park. I never really listened to you, now I have double the reason not to.
Haven't enjoyed LP since Meteora - them hiring a Scientologist to replace Chester is just salt in the wound. I miss what they used to be and hate what they've become.
How much you wanted to Linking Park come back? Me: Yes
I don't know about this, I just don't know. 😢 Cool video effects though. Why did they have to make this song so depressing?
Did I hear a snippet of Cheaters vocals in there 🥹❤️
2:12 anyone else very briefly heard Chester's voice in Emily's?
Any idea why she still follows Masterson's IG despite it (her account) only having like half a dozen grams on it? Will she ever speak on this?
Can we all agree that they have cooked extremely well with this.
What an absolute banger. Instant hit! Love the new direction and so happy the band is back together!
Why Linkin Park, why???? 😢😢😢 We all know Chester's childhood history and you put a Danny Masterson supporter as your lead.
who run the world ? reply it ...
When Emily Sings Inside Her! Memory I immediately imagine Chester Benington Singing This Song! Good luck always to Emily! Take care of yourself well! and always remember! That the family of those closest to you really loves you! 🤍
Is this the same without Chester no absolutely not and never will be. The amount of bangers they made back in the day can never be replaced. That being said i think they’ve done a great job with this new song/sound/direction.
Dammm when does a cool guitar solo or epic turntable mix something Linki kicks in!?
Why didn’t they change their name??? I’m not a fan of this
when the world needed them most, they have risen again.   chester would be proud of all of you guys.
Why Linkin Park not invite "Ivo Rosario" from Hybrid Theory LP tribute band to join as lead singer replace Chester? Ivo Rosario has voice, style & vibes almost 90% like Chester... Please bring him to the Linkin Park!!!!!!
When she started screaming i was like ok. I get it
it doesnt sound, feel, or send the same chills. when did linkin park become motionless in white?
Is this a collaboration with Scientology?
Is it just me or it sounds a little like the final masquerade?
Wow. Why does the music video sound way better than the audio versionon spotify?
Who is the new member? I like what she brings to the table.
Why do I feel like I already know this song?❤
What an awesome comeback for Linkin Park!! I love you guys, thank you for being here ❤❤
Lots of negativity and hate in the comments. Just.... why?
So this is the new Paramore song?
Not bad. What do you have in store for us?
Did Shinoda draw Marvel’s The Void? Could this be featured on the Thunderbolts movie?!
Was really excited about this new chapter from Linkin Park yesterday. But this morning I realized that the hate is still quite strong about the current state of things, especially on Instagram. I finally opened the comment section of this video to see if there were people who still felt as excited as I did. There's a part of me that feels like, 'well, it's like the old days', where when Linkin Park made something new, people would keep trying to find faults and bad things in it. Maybe I should keep this excitement to myself, and see where things go in the future. I can only be grateful that they're back.
when singing the new song its just really great i loved it, but when singing the older song i just dont feel it
She’s about the best possible replacement for Chester you could ask for. The female version of Chester. Haha.  How come everyone else who comments has like 100 replies in 1 million thousand likes and I have one like around the same timeframe ago posted????
When 98 rock dropped this gem 💎,  I thought it was really good but had to go back and listen to it without any distractions and my gosh!!!! I've had it on repeat since. Welcome Emily and welcome back LP ❤. Chester looks on with great pride. Your light will always shine here in Uganda 🇺🇬. Can't wait to see what the future holds.
Do all the members of Linkin Park support rapists? Or is it just their new singer?
is it only me who feels the presence of CB? it feels like Emily is the female version of him.
Didn't she support Danny Masterson during his r*pe trial? And wasn't Chester a victim of r*pe?
Nice good to see the "NEW" Linkin Park... Chester Bennington your my Idol since my high-school days props to Mike Shinoda reviving the LP.. rob where are you?
Is it just me... or do the instruments not hit as hard as they need to? Its great. Im loving this. No hate... just those drums feels weak, the guitar a bit... powerless..?
Who else is listening to this and imagining Chester's voice and screams 😭😭
When I need you the most, you don't dissappoint much love keep up the awesomeness ❤
What a good song, i like this new singer, nice !!!
What a banger !! … new era !! One Chester but he would be ok with her..
Chester was such a major loss but people forget that. Mike played such a huge role in many of their most popular songs and it's good to hear him singing again. I like what they've done. Distinct Linkin Park vibes but still her own sound.  Anyone else superimposed Chester's voice as a backing track while listening to this?
Why not respect your own legacy and just start a new band. Feels like a cash grab.
How Fkn Exciting And I'm Here For It!! Fkn Epic! Linkin Park 4ever!!!!🤙🤘
IS IT LINKIN PARK OR PARAMORE
How dare you stand where he stood!    Good song by the way. Loved it.
Chester was a victim of sexual assault and they bring in Emily Armstrong to replace him who defended Danny Masterson. Absolutely disgusting guys. Did you honestly think you wouldn't get any backlash?
How do you think Chester would react to his replacement being a Scientologist who steadfastly support's Danny Masterson, a convicted rapist?? You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.
When Chester died. The band went with him. The end of an era. R.i.p LP
Could it have been better? Could it have been crazier? LP forever ❤
When I heard of the new female singer I was skeptical but she isn't that bad. I'm looking forward to listening to new Linkin Park songs 👍. Of course Chester will always be my fav ❤.
Is Emily into Scientology= cult in my opinion??? Does anyone have any info on this???
Just here to say - 0:51 isn't that the bar from New Girl?
Should have changed the name of the band. I get it but it’s not the same without the original band members. She sounds great but not under the linkin park name. Linkin park help alot of people threw rough times in their lives and it’s not right to continue with the name without the original members.
Is she bangable? That's all that matters to me..
What a moment, new drummer too?! ): times really change tho, wish you a lot of success linkin park will always be linkin park, this hybrid machine of genres,   I’m glad to see them moving forward and will do my best to open my mind and soul to the sound
Why is the woman it’s not racing is missing Chester Bennington😢
Why does this feels sorta similar to guilty all the same
did you boys know about her history I really think she fits the band well but you cannot in good conscience continue calling yourselves linkin park
Is it just my impression or this song talks about chester?? Anyway this girl has balls and fits right for a new chapter
Why not call it another name , linking park was Chester .. this is kinda rude but it’s not my band
No one can replace Chester but I am okay with this alternative. I just wonder what will they do with old stuff in like future concerts, will she sing Chester's parts or will they not play any old stuff anymore?
Why her voice is so good in here but on live she sounds like a dying hedgehog?
Why do I have tears streaming down my face right now?
This actually fucks, what the hell?
Linkin Park from having a sexual abuse survivor as a singer to having a rape apologist. Way to go, guys  How’s Danny Masterson doing in jail, Emily?
Is it ironic that the new singer is a member of a cult whose mortal enemy is psychology and believes that Chester could have been saved only if he would have paid them hundreds of thousands of dollars to audit away his thetans? I realize this comment may make some people uncomfortable, but that it doesn't make the other members of Linkin Park uncomfortable is shocking.
What happen to the original drummer, Rob Bourden? Is he not part of the band anymore?
What a song, what a video architecture, and what a voice she has, as a female version of Chester Bennington is born. Trust Me...!!! Please please create more tracks like this, we want more and also re-create old most famous songs like In The End & Numb & Many more with her Emily Armstrong voice...🙏
Can't deny love the song, but I'm still torn on the use of the LP brand without Chester
Who are they?? Not bad, but they are not Linkin Park, unfotunately there isn't Chester, but where is rap?? MIKEEE
Who else is enjoying seeing the guys again??? Welcome Emily, it's nice to welcome you to the family! I miss Chester every day, I'm sure he's happy for you!!! Chester would never have wanted Linkin Park to stop! A new era, I'm happy to be a part of it!
when she screams, I can hear some variations of original LP songs through her voice, she'll definitely handle them easily & nicely 🥳and I feel why Mike chose her, she's the one that will lead us from now on 😲
Was driving and heard this for the first time on the radio. Almost had to pull over, so overwhelmed. I love that Emily's part doesn't come in right away in the song. It's almost like Mike was introducing her to the fans. Absolutely beautiful, can't wait for more...
What a blast! Great song, love it!
Wait this isn't a hidden track is LP coming back?
Where is rob bourdon .. we want him back
When I was a teen, I was almost addicted to Linkin Park. Emily nailed it and I'm ready for a new era. <3
Somehow I liked the live version of this particular song much more. Does it have more drive in there?
So yeah, new Worlds/Arcane 2 song?
Is it me or does this sound muffed  and low quality audio?? Sounds bad on my car speakers and it's making me mad  Edited: So I'm sad and my speakers finally blew 😢
What a masterpiece I was skeptical but that al faded away in an instant
Who is this woman?   I mean really!   She is so outstanding & carries Chester's mantle.  So Weird.  I so love it!   Bring it, our new sister....  Sister honey, just like Stevie Nicks.
When they lost Chester, they didn't just lose a friend; they lost a brother. You can't replace a family member, yet you can embrace new born siblings! There is no better way to honor Chester than to know that the spirit of Linkin Park was unbroken!
When I heard Emily was the new vocalist I was apprehensive, but I wanted to reserve judgement until I heard her performance. Then at 2:13 I swear I heard Chester in her voice and I understood. The version of the band we knew and grew up with is done, that fulfilled their goals and moved on. This is the beginning of something new, hopefully something great
I'm sorry it just sounds boring to me right now :( maybe later itll sound more hardcore?
How come Shinoda is the only one who kept being creative (painting), and the video portrays everyone else in the band in a dead-end job?
Is anyone else thinking that's Chester screaming at @0:46 ?
Is Linkin Park pro-rape by Danny Masterson or is it just their lead singer?
Is it just me or does her voice kind off sound like chesters voice but sped up😀😀
Anyone know, why drummer Rob isn't with them anymore?
Did someone notice that Emily is a female version of Chester? She looks very much like him somehow. And I like it
Have loved Linkin Park since they first came out. Absolutely love this!!! Welcome to the family Emily & Colin!!
Is that lady a new member of the band? i really like her voice
When the old gods return, a better time will come. And they returned with glory.
How can people listen to this and say bad things about her? Seriously, she's perfect for LP. They will learn how to perform older stuff with time.
What the hell happened with Rob??
Didn't expect anything coming in, but this is great
How many people cried?? Damn. The live stream last night had me crying like a baby. LFG!
Has a very punk/metal presentation i see a little Courtney love  in her
why dont only use AI to replicate chester voice ??
She looks and sounds like mix of Gwen Stefani x Kurt Cobain. Isn`t it great?
Would of loved to hear chester sing this song. Feels like it was made for him if that makes sense.  But life moves on and im looking forward to the new linkin park
When I heard the news, I was doubting this whole thing for sure, but considering this is no replacement of Chester and more like a new ear, I‘m on board. Also her voice is great and it also works as a cover version of older Linkin Park songs.
This sucks. We're supporting Scientology and Danny Masterson now?
Wait. Is that the bar from New Girl?
can someone ai this to chester version>? please
How are they in their late 40's, and sound like they have even more angst than when they originally started, lol.
What else can be said that hasn't already been said. First of course we all miss chester he wont be forgotten. We will never know what else couldve been. But its time we all heal and move and embrace the future. So happy for LP to move on and create more art for everyone to love. Cant wait to see what emily can really do on the new album. I am ready to fall for this band all over again.
Was listening to Linkin Park on Spotify and this gem hit my ears.  THEY'RE BACK BABY!!!
why not it's little longer! Don't want this to end.
When something new comes, it doesn't necessarily have to replace the past. It's about inheriting the spirit, with a new path, with a new way, crossing over new devide.
Can't stop listening to this song. ❤ Needed this! New ERA for LP.
how come mike is not rapping anymore?
Didn't like the stuff they did in the end and don't like this
When she sings “i only wanted to be part of something” sounds so much like chester it gives me goosebumps ❤
Might be one of the best rocksongs ever written - mark my words
Can feel his presence in every beat. Chester ☝🏻 ... Mikey carrying the Linkin Pride .  Welcome back GOAT LP ♥️
Why did I tear up guys?
Chester sang about fighting his demons. What will this one sing about?
Is that an AI video that converted Chester what if, he born woman? First I saw that Linkin Park reunioned, I am practiced for a diassapointment, but It is good, really good. Something new, in the world, that meaning something.
When Emily releases her voice, that is cool, the music too. All the other parts? Mehh...
who's also on full repeat mode rn???
What a track awesome Emily is perfect Dead Sara were a great band and check out her recent track with AWOL nation welcome back Linkin Park I'll be in the queue at London
How many international fans are here to support them?🤚🏻
Didn't expect to wake up to a new song by one of my favorite bands. And the new singer ROCKS! Thanks. Crying tears of joy. Love you so much! <3
What a voiceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 10+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++great  that  you started from the beginning
What’s up with the new singer supporting a rapist and Scientology?
Can't wait to hear this new album with Emily and Colin.  Chester would be happy to see all of you keeping the soul of the band alive.
Is that Nick Miller's bar?
What a wonderful day to be a Linkin Park fan Emily Armstrong is very welcome what a sensational song without words.
What a Comeback 🤟😮 LP4ever I just miss Rob on the Team
Why you did it to Chester ? For me its shame
Did I love it? Hell yes!
When i heard there was gonna be a lead singer i got so worried but after hearing this song i immediately love it!!!
Anyone else hearing Guilty All the Same, revamped?
So how’s Danny Masterson? Still a lifelong friend of his?
When she started I got gosip and almost start to cry, so its okay :D Great choice!!!
I wonder why they didn't ask Jaime Bennington to be the new vocalist, it would have been great
When the world needed them the most, they returned. R.I.P. Chester u will forever be missed❣️
So what is this band called?
Why this give me Crawling vibes
When she sings "I only wanted to be part of something" her voice kinda sounds similar to Chester's screaming vocals which is awesome and gave me chills.
Who else heard Chester’s scream at 0:45 , damn I miss him , glad to have grown up hearing them and will keep going with this new era
Who thinks when the chorus starts you will get to hear chester's voice with Shinoda
When you feel scared, harness that emotion. Let God. Linkin Park, no matter the changes, loyal fan here. I will be here!
Who else here thinks this needs to be the opening of season 2 for Kaiju No. 8 🤔
I like Paramore's new song. When is Linkin Park coming back?
How come all the comments are saying “no one could replace Chester”? No crap, Mike and LP have been saying for years that was never the intention everyone is in the comments just repeating what another person said.  This song was super dope, and I am excited to hear more. Quit already comparing this amazing vocalist with Chester, let him rest and honor him.
How much I miss Chester... Linkin Park isn't only Chester but a great team of musicians with an amazing passion... MUSIC...Go for it girl... it won't be easy but you can do it ! Soooo happy Linkin Park is back! 7 years of silence... 7 years they paid tribute to their member... (very grateful for this) but now they have to move on with a new start, with a next level of great music... I SUPPORT u all !!
Can we just lay this band to rest already?
How I've been waiting for you...
Did anyone else got emotional...Chester...love you always brother. She is amazing!! Her voice just gave me chills!!! Fan since Hybrid theory
What a set of pipes on this woman. Sounds like she's been chewing glass! Excellent
Enjoying the new song, but is it me, or does emily sound a bit like lzzy Hail when singing this?
Why did she have to be a Scientologist? 🤦‍♂️
Do you hear the "Final Masquerade"???
how much I loved this band... from the beginning... since I was a shy kid who listened to rock music at full volume on headphones to enter his personal world.... Chester is still missed and will be missed by all fans ....but I had been hoping for almost ten years that this moment would come! so go full speed ahead and rock the world! 🥹
WHAT A VOICE OF THAT NEW CHICA!!!!!!! AMAZING👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Who else also almost thought they heard Chester for a second? 😱
So no one mentioning she is a scientologist and rape apologist? Are comments mentioning it getting shadow banned?
What an amazing entry for her ❤
Does this mean we can get more linkin park transformers songs???
I'm I the only one that feels like crying ???
Does Emily still support convicted rapist Danny Masterton?
How can I like this video 100,000 times? YouTube?
why not create a new band name instead of using linkin park and letting some fans down, let the band stay as it is when chester is still with us.
Can never replace Chester, but I fuckin love it!!!!!
Is it only me or she really sounds a lot like Oliver Sykes ?
What an absolutely epic comeback and reneval of the band.
But... that is the bar from new girl?
Was Mike painting the Wither Storm from Minecraft Story Mode?
I only wonder If Chris Cornel hadn t passed away would Chester still be among us?
Is it just me, or does the new drummer look like Haywire from Prison Break? The Prison Break Machine...
What a great song!! You guys are back! It's just amazing!!!!
Can't stop listening to your new song on Spotify. I grew up with you guys and I listened to hybrid theory and meteora all the time, you were there every time I needed it. I cant xait to see you guys live. Emily you're amazing I always wanted to sing but I lacked the courage, but I will work on my voice so I can sing alôg to your songs and Chester's ! Lots of love to all of you ❤❤❤.
Read a comment that she shouldn’t perform this or that song because they were Chester’s feelings and how can she relate? How many hundreds of thousands of people relate to his words through this music?
Where were you when they did a comeback?
Is this black ops 6 zombies song 😮
Why the name is the same ?? That is not linkin park anymore…
When I heard there was a new singer I cringed and was not feeling it at all. Then I listened and instantly started vibing to Mike singing. Then she came on and the goosebumps and tears happened immediately. Idky It just felt right and i was throughly surprised.  Glad you're back LP!!!!
Is that the bar from Crazy Stupid Love?
so y'all are okay with her being a rape apologist?
Why's Rob is not part of new Linkin Park?where is he?
What a great and powerful song, a perfect introduction to Emily and Colin.
I loved her voice. Perfect choice for a new member, not a replacement. Her voice reminds me of Chester’s but with her own unique tone. Perfect. Now, when are you coming to Canada??? To Toronto???
Was listening to linkin park all this day and come across this .. but i do want something like numb back ❤❤
I wonder what Chester would think of this❤✨️
Did the singer got transitioned into a woman?
Is it just me or LP just made a League of Legends worlds song without knowing lmao
Can't believe it's happening! Thank you, Linkin Park! We love you❤
So a Scientologist (who chose to be Scientologist and wasn't born into it), who actively defended Danny Masterson is who y'all picked???
Who's still listening to this masterpiece in 2023 ?
Why did you get a Scientologist grape apologist as lead singer?
What the heck is this? 😖 I was never a big Linkin Park fan but I think this helped me understand the reason I never fully became one.
Is it just me... Or does this music video have a mashup of vibes/aspects from the different MVs of the past before leading up to the vibes of the new era? If that's the case then heck yeah-
This feels like when Wendy’s made vanilla frosty for the first time, like it’s new but the same but it isn’t?
Why are you shaming Chester Bennington? You could have done it under a different name! Since the band is taking a new direction, you are still insulting its memory. You are pathetic. You continue to cling to his successes
Is it just Me or does she sound like Avril Lavigne
Who cares if she’s a Scientologist let her believe what she wants.. how come every time something good can possibly happen to someone everyone wants to dig Dirt on them.. it’s not like she’s a Nazi… just enjoy what the new LP sounds like and remember the old.
Did they film in the same bar that's used in the show New Girl?
Had this on repeat. It’s a 10/10
Will miss Chester always will. Been a big fan since the beginning as a child and also didnt falter when the new male vocalist was introduced. But Listening to this, a new evolution of Linkin Park...she got the Raspy voice down and gave my chills. Tearing up in my kitchen doing some dishes 🥹 We are so fkn back!!! Hello NEW Linkin Park let me re-introduce myself!:❤❤ (p.s. I'm going to have the lyrics down by the end of the week)
Can't believe I just witnessed Linkin Park come back!  I'm sooo excited!! 🖤🖤
Is that Lil Dicky dropping off the package?!
is it just me or is there like an echo of chesters voice mixed in behind it a little like a soft echo 🤌🤌🤘
When I can I go see them in concert!!
When Emily started singing, I wasn't on board at first. Then when the chorus kicked in, I warmed up immediately. She's not Chester and she's not supposed to be, but this is still Linkin Park.
Am I the only one who got teary-eyed when Emily started singing the chorus?
What an amazing start to a great new future! Congrats and good luck to you Emily; you have an amazing voice!
Is that the bar in New Girl?
is thin woman the new singer of lp?
Would  Chester be proud she's a member of a child trafficking cult.??
What an epic revitalization of LP! I’m here for it!
Is this only me hearing Chesters voice in my head when Im listening to this?
Did not know Simon Pegg was in LP
What happened to rob the dummer
Why cant Mike shinoda do this he should take chesters place
Will forever miss Chester, but this chick is amazing. Can't wait to see this new beginning for Linkin Park🤍🤟🏻
WHAT THE HELL !!1!!!!!!1111! THIS MADE MY DAY BETTER
Is this the first LP song with the F*** word in it?
Is she the official new voice? and ho is she?
Is that Nick Miller's bar from New Girl?
Is that chesters voice at .45 seconds?
why mike no rap , where mr hahn?
should have left the name Linkin park behind and started with a new name. This crap isn't Linkin park at all.
Didn't care for a lot of her vocals on old stuff but she sounds pretty good here. Glad LP are back
When she doesn't copy his style she sounds good.  She just need to maintain her style because when she tries to copy Chester she sounds bad but maintaining her style she sounds good.
How has this only 3m views?
Why didn't they pick someone with a voice similar to Chester!!! People will mainly listen to their older songs anyway. They might as well be called Linkin Park Revival!
Is it me or it sounds like early days of Paramore? The drums, vocals of course and quite shockingly the distortion tone as well.
Who is here in 2030?  P.S. I will be :)
Is the girl the new singer? Her and evanescence should do a song together as well 😊❤
Was sceptical at first, but that chick is on fire. She is great live as well. Awesome comeback!!
What do you people want more shitty Sabrina carpenter TikTok songs? The music world had more soul when bands like Linkin park were out there making music
how u guys allways exactly know whats happend in my life and have the perfect song 🤘
Where is Rob bourdon? This is not linkin park without chester nver would be the same (this song reminds me the side project of chester bennington) dead by sunrise sonorities sound❤ remind❤ me HIS powerful energy screaming
Is it true that Emiliy is a scientologist and a defender of Danny Masterson? If so, no matter how good of a vocalist she is, I could no longer support the band.
Why not the guy from Hybrid Theory? Dang it
What a fantastic song. I got goosebumps all over.
This is not linkin park anymore… why not come with a new name?
Can't wait for the Dragon Ball Daima AMVs! 🙌
The new chester is a girl ?
Is anyone else picking up the similarities in Emily’s voice and Chester’s. There are specific parts in the song where it’s almost uncanny. Love it
Who knew a blatant cash grab and scientology could ever be linked 😂
Wow. This song hits me the same as their Meteora album . Am I just on Nostalgia goggles or is this really good?
What a great song to debut as Linkin Park 2.0!
When you’re listening to a track for the first time and get pissed because someone interrupts your listening experience and starts yakking at you, you know it’s right. Welcome back Linkin Park.
What is this? Says Link Park, sounds like something different. Not sure if I like it. Probably not so much.
ok, the question is: WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO SAY with this? The Emptyness Machine is ... BOH?!?! where is the old Linkin Park music vibe? I have no idea! it sounds like, as Korn said in the past "Warner Bros? y'all want a single, say suck that", but in the "ok, yes Warner.. for sure we are going to put out a new record just for the deal". but this makes no sense now!  LP are dead after Chester's death. ain't you?
What I can say is, this is the new beginning.
I wonder if this song is about her being part of Scientology and  finally leaving to make a statement?
Thank god!  Some new freaking music!  Is the chick in the band now too??
is it just me or at 3:06, Emily Glitched out into Chester----
How come this hasn't got like a million dislikes? This is a huge disrespect for Chester. Linking park was his baby. You should have started from scratch Mike, let Linkin Park go and start a new band. Now you're dancing on his bones, gaining money based on what he's created. Huge dissapointment. Shame on you.
how many times have you listened to this?
Sooo, we all cool with ignoring the Scientology thing?
Didn't really like the live performances, but she'll get better at that. This song, however, is a great start. Love it.
Anyone else notice chesters scream during mike singing, around  48 seconds in?
can somebody wake up ALEX HEFNER for a reaction video on this?
Are we ignoring the fact that she’s a Scientologist who supports Danny Masterson?
Are we just going to ignore how her enunciation and cadence are so similar to Chester's; ESPECIALLY with the harsh vocals? If you played me an audio clip of just the harsh part of the chorus, I probably wouldn't have asked if there was a new singer. I mean all that in a GOOD way. I did not expect her to mesh in so seamlessly. Also, check out a clip of them performing this live. They are so insanely on-point.
Has the LP feel but it's missing a few extra screams maybe add a 3rd vocalist or maybe do a few songs next album with a few special guests I liked this song just didn't hit me in the face like I wanted it too
May Chester's spirit rise through Zane 😢
Just get Chino Moreno, why pick a mid singer?
0:47 Is this Chester's scream ? Or I am delusional?
Oh! So this isn't AI recreating Lp?
Why are there no credits to the people who did the music production, mixing, mastering??
Where you are, thank u Chester, we never forget your voice ❤  But the Emily has a epic voice
Why not just make a new band this doesn't sound like likin park keep farming the dead dbags
Why wouldn’t they name the band different? This is dog water.
Is the drummer guy new too?
Why does it last 30 seconds?
Is nice sound like No doubt in 2000s 🎉
Can we all agree that Chester is a legend and one of the best singers in humanity history and the new singer simply SLAPS?
00:46 am I the only one who's hearing Chester's legendary voice in the background?
When Chester died, Linkin Park died. It's sad but that's how it is, it's inevitable, no matter what songs or people are chosen to replace Chester. Linkin Park is dead.
I'm not sure how I feel about this... Like.. I get it. The band wants to keep going on... But for some reason it doesn't sit right or feel right? I don't know.... Maybe time will tell?
Umm… isn’t that Nick’s bar from New Girl???
Doesn't hit the same way with Emily nor should it. But keeping an open mind
What a banger! I can't wait for more of this new Linkin Park with Emily!
can't wait to hear more.
Can we all just agree that it's great to hear new LP again.
Been a LP fan for a long time. Other than good for them on getting back into it, are we going to ignore the fact that this song sucks?
Doesn't feel right. Totally different sound and feel from the Linkin Park I loved.
Do it with Hologram Chester In Concert Please .
How dare you stand where he stood.
What a come back with leading vocal .
am i the only one listening with Chester's vocal??
Should have done this under a new band name.
Am I the only one who thinks her voice sounds similar to Renee Phoenix (the lead singer of Fit for Rivals)?
Sooo I think my graphics driver is broken, but why does it still look great?
what a fantastic fit good for her
Would be a great band, just not Linkin Park. Change the name and don't imitate Chester
Why u guys hating so much. Ik, Chester was an extraordinary vocalist. But she got energy. This is new era of LP, and if u ever liked songs from Evanescence, this is quite similar. The worst outcome would be AI generated Chester´s voice to a new songs.
How many of us are humming this song today? ❤
why everyone like this piece of crap.
What a time to be alive! <3
New transformers movie on the way?
Why am I loving this song so much?????
For a second…..I heard Chester…is that weird?
Is Chester’s sound at first?
@linkinpark what happened to Rob, why is he not at the drums??
how dare you stand where he stood
This sound is really incredible, thank you! I can't wait to discover this new being! When can we expect a concert in France <3?
Who the gal what's her name???
Is she.... You know.. is she...?
Omg, I got shivers, who's the vacuum lady?
What a voice ❤ She's awesome.
Who else is in love with Emily's voice ?
What an amazing way to honor Chester’s legacy by starting a new era of Linkin Park that stays true to the bands roots while not attempting to replace Chester vs beginning a new..I’ve got chills listening to this!
Didn't expect it was be this good.... looking forward to it.
Am I the only one who can hear Chester sing?
honestly....this is fire af!!! Give a thumbs up if you agree??
can't wait to embark on this new chapter 💙💙💚💚
Is not anyone in 2024 , no , is here since 2000, or 1996 better
Is the bar the same one from New Girl?
May LP find AC/DC like success with the new singer. Waiting for more.
Is Link Park to back from Origins?
Can't be new Linkin Park....change your name. The real voice of Linkin Park is Chester.
Does she spin into Chester at the end, approx 3:08?
I don't have much to say!!! This is simply the best thing I have heard in a long time!! Bravo.....When is the tour coming???
Why the hate?🤷‍♂️ The idea was not to replace chester, only to start new era. Chill
Is she officially the new vocalist?
How long till this one takes the cowards way out too?
When you hear her sing you're here a bit of Chester in her voice although he can never be replaced we will see how this goes. When you think Linkin Park you think Chester benningfield
can we get an chester ai for this?
Have been and always will be feeling it, digging it and loving it 🤟❤️‍🔥Linkin Park❤️‍🔥🤟
What a banger!  I felt Chester for a moment 😔 he will live for ever ❤
Haven't been this excited since Meteora days
Why dont u guys did like meteora was? I think she can fit in that style 👍🏻
Where is the touch of dj joe hahn?  It could be better if he added some of electronic melodies on the song
Why this song giving me a goosebumps 🔥 🔥
can we just put Chester AI in all the upcoming ones?
The song itself contains a clear, loud, and powerful message from all of them for us... just listen... they know what were coming... They all deserve the best as persons and artists... no one learned nothing with our beloved Chester living a life haunted by all his pain?  Don't you remember feeling healed and safe within LP music because of their messages? Why are his fandom using hate against them now?
Who came here by knowing from facebook their tour advertisement. Like here 😎
Does anyone else see her turn into Chester right at the end? 3:07
Should had just made a new band name instead of leaching off the Linkin Park name.
Can't replace chester 💔 but u welcom to lp family
How is this rock or nu-metal? Horrid song. Mike just wants his time in the light, whichever way he can have it. They keeping woke with that diversity hire. Good luck LP and hope a new generation of people follow your new sound. LP is officially over.  RIP🪦
When I finally got the CD, I played it nonstop, all day long.
When I heard Emily and this new song, I couldn’t sleep for hours.
What is this? A Diversity hire?  :/  broken record, mfer. Btw, Affirmative Action benefited white fems more than all POC combined.
What if paramore lead singer collab with them 😁👌👍
Who are you trying to cheat? This bul*$hit is not Linkin park. Shame on you. 🤬
Welcome Linkin Park 2.0 or is this Linkin Park Reloaded?
What a wonderful gift to us all.
Who had Linkin park coming back on their 2024 bingo card?
Can we just talk about those vocals leading into the second chorus for a second please cuz WOW. Emily sounds incredible! The track as a whole hits hard. Long live LP <3
Have been listening to LP since my childhood, and I’m so happy they decided to come back and revamp LP, let’s get behind Emily guys and support her!
Why did rob bourdon get out of the band?
It's not Linkin Park anymore, why don't they just change the band's name?
Did anybody notice that the song is 3.20 long, the same as Chesters birthday. They always have him in mind. LP forever !! <3
A new era indeed and I'm very grateful for it❤. Just wondering: With Emily as the lead vocalist, how are they gonna perform the old songs?
When I heard her singing the old songs, I was very conflicted. Amazing voice, but always hearing Chester's voice in my head . But this song is just wow. It does have Linkin park's sound and Emily is truly a great addition ❤
I clicked on the song with a lot of hesitation and skepticism. First, nobody can take place of Chester. Second, i am not really a fan of female artists (they do a great job at what they do but i prefer listening to male artists). Heard about Emily for the first time and man i am impressed. She did a good job on this song. Will be exploring all of her songs now, are there any songs of her that would like to recommend?
Where did you find this girl?
When no man could ever replace Chester there comes a woman! Thanks Mike for making this! LP lives on! ❤. I don't want to call this a come back, this surely is a new beginning! ✌🏻
should have gone with the sum 41 guy
Why are there tears in my eyes when I'm smiling so much?!
What an awesome addition. The fresh new energy blows me away ❤
How about no (it's nice but burn this ain't linkin park)
Any unreleased tracks with Chester going to feature on this album?
When the chorus started, Goosebumb.👹I realized Chester's soul was still alive 😎
How many times did you listen to this song? Me: 'Yes'
How they went from nu metal to Disneycore will always hurt
Does anyone remember Fit For Rivals?... Well, Emily sounds like Rene Phoenix
Is she part of that Xenu cult or not?
Is that the griffin from new girl?  Also……… great song and I’m excited for the return of LP.
What a disappointment... This is not linkin park... Let it die and be something else
At 3min7sec  . Was that chesters face??
Why do I hear Billy Idol - Rebel Yell, in this? lol
IS THAT THE BAR FROM NEW GIRL TV SHOW????
Anybody else getting good charlotte the river vibes?
Yes, my favorite band is finally back!?
How can you make something that resembles metal at times so whiny? G+d!
Daam man i literally had a goosebumps and reminded back those days of linkin park god bless u all lets support we are luckly not everyone?
Should have changed the band's name
Why I hear some what of Chester vocal . This song reminds me him a lot ♥️.
Is anyone who doubt about new vocalist? I don't know, apparently I need time to get used to it.
Where the heck is Rob Bourdon??
Do you like the new Linkin Park?
Who didn't come from Bieber and K-pop era, are allowed here. 😂
Was sceptical at first, but actually sound pretty dope. If it should be named Linkin park or not, this project, i cannot answer, it Is bold. It can still fail as Linkin park but grow as a new band, but time will tell.  Several bands have done it before with new vocals. So i dont see why not.  Congrats for LP for reviving their musical talents! 🎉🤟🔥
what they shown with the first live performance of the new female singer is they want to go back to the roots of the band. they can indeen sing and scream these songs and they still feel them. So Im sure with new songs that fit her voice they will do so well. Im giving her the trust because I see the full potential that she can unlock after getting used to it much more.  Lets welcome Linkin Park again this is a great comeback. New songs will fit her better in the end but the style will be the same. It's Linkin Park after all and this song feel very good.
Can't wait for the new album. Thank you.
I LOVE SO MUCH!!.. But... Where is Rob?
It's normal to not be able to change of songs from 3 hours ?
Did Rob left? I'm sure that's not him on the drums.
What a shame they replace you like you were nothing Chester linkin park is dead with you
Shouldn't they be fighting ninjas in a sewer or something?
Should of just changed the name 🙈
When I read in the Bible, the Highland will come back on Earth… I wasn’t expecting THIS. Linkin Park are back. As a 39 yrs old fan from the beginning, the lost of Chester was disturbing and I personally think, when something good ends, let it be. And to find someone who could walk in his foot steps, was for most fans not possible. And here comes Emily Armstrong, what a voice, it’s incredible, never heard someone who can sing like this, beautiful, rough, smooth. And her charisma, to watch her on stage is mindblowing. This is what I and probably all of us needed as a Linkin Park fan and as a music lover in general. MUCH LOVE and I can’t wait for the album.
😅 I still need Evanescence join with Linkin park 🎉 it's possible?
Doesn't make sense to have 2 voices if both made the same.  Doesn't make sente to keep LP name if they sound so different.  No music, just money. Forgive them, Chester.
Will always miss chester, but im willing to give emily a shot. Hope i can get tickets for the london show
why do people say she sounds like Chester just because she “screams" doesnt mean she sounds same as him..
So, can we go on making god-like AMVs once again, youtube community?
It's different, but it's awesome! I love it, it still feels like Linkin Park and I believe that Chester, bless his soul, would have loved it too.  Also, is that the bar from New Girl?
Hello linkin Park from France oh yeah renewal blows what an announcement of madness welcome Emily but why did you keep the name Linkin Park but not another name?
is it illegal to replay this song for 12hours on max volume?
Why not Jennifer Weist ? She did it well for the cover from "a place for my head".
What a surprise! Just this week I was listening to old LP songs. Awesome song. So excited for this new chapter. Looking very much forward to what's to come.
Couldn't they just leave the name linkin park and start under a different name? I can't associate the band with a different singer it doesn't feel right. I know what they doing I just can't personally do it
Am I the only one who gets emotional listening to this?
Have to say, her voice gave me goosebumps. Very happy for the band! 🔥
Is this start? it's already fire !!!
What happens if you don't go to YouTube for a day: linkin park has a new singer, a new song and a new album....
Would have preferred they started a new band, but wish all the best to them.
What a great new voice, very excited for a new era of Linkin Park!
What year is it?  So greatful Linkin Park is back. This Song is an absolut banger, looking forward for the album to come out.
I am confused here. Help. Linkin Park has a female led Vocs now?
Emily Armstrong's voice kinda reminds me of Lzzy Hale's voice. Is it just me, or has anybody else been thinking the same thing?
Can't help it not to cry
Could have come up with the  more better singer....there are many, I wonder why lp has choosen her ???????
When one door closes, another door opens...  Go for it. New Chapter of Linkin Park.
is that bar the bar from new girl ?
Should have renamed the band - Xero and not ruin the magic. Just make rebrand and start from zero for real. This is not Linkin Park..Its a new band.
What an incredible first song back
Isn't she a scientologist that doesnt believe in therapy?
Is that new because since the lost of Chester I've miss them soooooooooooooooooooo much
Why did Rob not join back?
Is Emily can scream as well?
Is it just me or does it have a bit of a RISE AGAINST sound to it?? AWESOME!!! So happy Linkin Park is back!!
New Transformers are coming soon or what?
Who was here before the 5.000 Views?
Will be always there for Linkin Park no matter what changes happen🙌🏽🫶🏼
Can't wait to see their performance in "Linkin Park From Zero World Tour" Hopefully they will come to Indonesia.
Name of the female singer, plz??
where's Rob Bourdon? did he quit the band?
Is that Chester at 3:07 ?
How many had goosebumps when you listen❤
Why would you pick a rape apologist/scientology cult member as your new singer? lol.
Didn't expect it to be this good! It feels right.
Emily fits in really well. Did anyone else feel like it was Chester's voice at 2:13?
Have a great future, thank you <3
Honestly ...... you guys .... not just make A Place For My Head, ... you Always make Some Place For My Heart .... !????
This is not Linkin Park. Not even good, why ruin the name?
Will just be enjoying this for the moment. Not gonna lie, she's amazing.
Why am I getting Goosebumps listening to LP's new song after so long...
Is Emily sitting in the same bar of the series "new girl"? It'd totally make sense.
She's a good singer but they didn't have any other option???
How does this make me happy and sad at the same time?! I love her sound! I love the power she brings.
I can feel butterflies in my tummy again, what is happening?
It's coming a new era of linkin park, but I only was a question, where is the old drummer?
Am I crazy or does the new lead singer sound like a female Chester?
Why has the drummer been replaced too?
Can imagine chester's voice on emily's lines in this song, definitely would be great.. initially unsure of emily, but after listening until the end, man, emily's really good!!! i have high hopes for this new era of Linkin Park.
Why does even this song make me cry... The echo in the background reminded me so much of our dude. Anyhow, great song.
Why I wouldn’t expect them to replace Chester with how iconic and unique his voice was but I gotta say they didn’t do a good job choosing the new singer as she doesn’t have the vocal range/presence Chesters had. I’ve come across a few folks doing covers of Linkin park that have a superior voice over her that are capable of matching the power of Chester’s voice, she simple isn’t capable they should have looked at other singers or not reformed.
Can we give Mike Shinoda some props for stepping up to be co-lear vocalist now? His first verse was pretty good.
Why people hatin on emily taking chester's place   The band isnt complete without chester but they sound good with emily
When she used her voice I got goosebumps... Chester will never be forgotten but she can start a new chapter...
Did i realize they have a new drummer, what happened the original drummer? 😢
can't believe I'm listening to Linkin park again, this is amazing
I love her! She’s a fit but where’s rob?
Where Is ROB? Where Is ROB? Where Is ROB?😢😢😢
Can't even imagine how magical Chester and Emily would have sounded together. Chester will never be forgotten... LINKIN PARK lives within us forever..the new generation begins..!
Just 7 hours ago it got million views??
Can we just appreciate how amazing this song is? ❤
What an amazing song. Love the new vocalist as well. The new era of LP is upon us. I’ve missed you LP❤
Why still use linkin park name with a band who have no more the soul of linkin park. If they had balls the create a new band because this song suxxxx so hard i had no felling while listening this without the video just by closing the eyes ppl who says they like the new linkin park you are just full of hypocrisy. This band should stop to preserve the memory of chester and make a new one but they don't have the balls to make ot from scratch because they want to make money with a dead band.
why am I crying at work?
What a nice banger! Let's start the new era!🙌
Who took a very deep breathe before getting into new Linkin Park music 😶‍🌫️
Why does everything have to be AUTOTUNE? Awful
did not click to be honest
Can't wait to go to your concert :) welcome back
Why do i feel like Chester was within her..🤘
Is pulsing on my body, what have you guys done linkin park . This song is from another world
Should have started in a different band name, literally nothing Linkin Park in this song.
Wooo hooo ... Guess What is back guys  ?
The new beginning! Wish them luck!  am i the only one feeling the Pink vibe?
When she hits that certain scream, I can almost hear him
What can say...hmmm.... Welcome back Linkin Park! We really missed you! Thanks for this awesome new song. I love it.
Should have formed a different band. This aint Linkin Park.
Was born and blessed with Linkin Park Chester era.   Now i am blessed to see the new Era of Linkin park as an adult!! 😍  What a Comeback!! and excited with the new sound and material. 15 November 2024 here i come!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉  Lastly, RIP Chester ❤ you will always be remembered.
This new song totally works with Emily. I'm sure the new album will be awesome as f*ck.  It was brave to begin with a live concert with Emily and let her perform so many beloved songs and songs who are deeply related to Chester. With every new song, Emily will fit better - just keep calm and let them do their thing. Could just everyone for one time stop this internet typical negativity and be glad that the guys obviously have come to a point when they can do again, what they love?
Doesn't she just sound like a female version of Chester? Or is it just me? :o
Who else is fighting tears from all the memories we have with LP, and of course for Chester at the same time...
Was hoping for Bonnie Fraser, but Emily is alright
When first listening to live debut: Meh…  Searched YouTube for MTV: owh, it’s not bad actually   Listen on Apple Music: …I only want to be part of part of…(start to catch a bit of the lyrics and rhythm)  Listening on Apple Music on repeat: …(xN times) Linkin Park mood fully ON!
What Chester has done was legacy. Emily is LP’s new era. She is not that bad. Give her a chance.
Has that "scratched DVD pixels" visual effect been in their other videos besides New Divide? I really like being tripped out by it! 😁
Is it only me, imagining Chester instead of that girl singing. You will always be in our heart Chester <3 <3
Doesn't matter how much the tickets cost in London, I take it. When they play also some old songs, it will be awesome.
What a fantastic track, last night as Emily started I like so many others was sceptical at first. It wasn't a perfect performance but she is filling some huge shoes with a band that have been away for so long. As the chemistry builds and she weaves her talent into the recognisable sound of LP I believe she can build on the foundation we are all so fond of. Listening to the track again this morning I can hear all the elements that we have come to recognise as the LP style and although Chester can and will never be replaced she refreshes that sound like they have done so many times over the years. Really looking forward to seeing where they go with this!
Is that Robert Llewellyn at the computer with the headset on? (Kryton from Red Dwarf?)
Should have changed the band's name, what's the matter Mike did the solo career not work out? plus you could have chosen someone much better as the singer, not just in that she's a bad fit for the music but as a person she's awful she's a scientologist and defended Danny Masterson before and after he was convicted
Who's the vocalist? Damn! It's Mike?
Is this wasn't a linking park song, I still would of like it.
Why am i crying, i love it
Do us favor move on linkin park don't sing the old you, sing the new you but never forget chester.
im just glad the new song come out.... when concert ????
What a powerful vocalist we have 🎉hell to the yeah Linkin Park band is back ffor more fans worldwide be happy❤
👌 lov ya. Em I the only one that when I listened carefully the lyrics, I started to cry?
2:32 - i fall in love with her performance, good choice, Mike?
Can't wait for Crawling and Numb Version 2
All the secrecy, countdowns, count-ups for this?
Am I the only one who don't like Chester replacement?
Can't wait for the AUSTRALIAN TOUR!!!!!!!!
On the fence with this tune at the moment, I guess we need to give it time and see what the new album has to offer.... anyone else have mixed emotions with it?
Might as well change the band name at this rate 🤷
Was it hard to find a male vocalist? Are you trying to compete  with Evanescence now? What a Downfall....
It's good. Nice song. But sorry, that's not Linkin Park. This time unfortunately is over. Song is good, but too much of Mike Shinoda. What I mean is easy lyrics, repeatedly and the song is too short. It's a good song, don't get me wrong, it's going like fluid into the ears, very smooth and it's cool but, yeah I don't know. It remembers me more on Mikes stuff he did the last years. It's not Linkin Park. It's a continuation of his work since Chester'sDead with his mates from Linkin Park. Btw, where is Rob?
You mean they didn't try out John Podesta as the new vocalist?
What an amazing choice! Chester would be proud! We are ready for the new Linkin Park era!
Didn't expect this. Should have used a different name. Linkin Park is not just a band, it's an emotion. Shouldn't have altered with it. And where is Rob?
why am i getting goosebumps I was just anticipating chester screaming for some reason.. God I miss him😭
What happened with Rob Bourdon (original band's drummer guy)? :( This new song is very good and powerful. I am optimistic about the future of the new Linkin Park.
Was hoping for Corey Feldman but she'll do.
Did I miss something? Where is Rob Bourdon?😢
I wonder to see you again😍 Congratulations for you!🎉
Why not rename the band, seriously?  I will never hate these guys, never, but this new style is just not for me. Again, no hate, I will just step away.
What a great looking video. She sounds fantastic! This is a brilliant song.
Why is no one talking about the lyrics?
It gives me "Breaking the Habit" vibes. Is the old linkin park returning?
how dare she stand where he stood
When she started to sing... it gives me chills. RIP Chester
Are you seeing this Chester? You will always be in our heart, but we have to move on, we need to.
When money is more important...😂😂 Its a very cool song and i love her voice. But i will have a hard time to connect this to Linkin Park. I would have preferred to see a complete new bandproject
Does anybody know, why Rob is not part of that?
Have a good new start LP. Chester and Chris always in my heart. ❤
How you gon' sing the old songs now?
Was anyone else hoping for a more raw voice? Mike already has the smoother vocals covered; having two cleaner voices is a bit of a letdown.
Can't believe they're back, I'm so grateful that Mike & co are willing to continue LP's legacy. Excited to see what the future holds for them 🫶🏻🔥
why am i crying the second she starts singing the chorus? is emily chester's kin or something?
Should have just went with a new voice. Sounds like you're trying to be something your not...
Finally her vocals have hit the mainstream. Will this be the big return of Rock on the popular charts?
Thanks now Korn can re-capture the title as Number 1 Nu Metal band ever.    For a minute these idiots had that. Lol.  As we can see they're no where near the top.  How did they ever get there I wonder?
Excuse me, was that delivery man Joel Haver?
was skeptical when i heard they brought in a new female singer but after this song, I am sold. She will lead the new linkin park into the next era
Nice to see you guys, is there upcoming New Album ?
When i hear this song i can hear chester singing it but shes good too. I'm hype for the new linkin park. But chester will live on forever
Is it just me, or does the fact that the new vocalist is a female make the whole transition from Chester easier to deal with? I feel like there immediately is less competition and comparison and instead feels like a completely fresh start. I'm 100% here for it
Why does this sound like Legends Never Die from League of Legends??? They stole the idea from that song lol
Can't lie, I legit had a slight thought that they were gonna get Kiiara as their new lead singer since she seemed to gel well with the band but this lady is pretty good too. Am excited for the new album and the new era of LP, got an eternal LP fan right here!
Has anyone noticed how she sounds familiar to Chester in some parts?
Is she the vocalist of dead sara?
am I the only one hearing Chester in this part 2:13 ?
What is this new LP tribute band?
How did I sleep on this? Emily from DS is an incredible gain! I think Chester would approve. RIP
why they didn't just get the dude that exactly sounds like chester.
With female vocalists like Evanescence, why not recruit male vocalists?
What a great year. Welcome back, our wonderful LINKIN PARK!🎉🎉
Why do I hate, that I love this?!
I give it a solid, Meh. Should've changed band name. Just curious, did they film in Nick&Schmidt's bar?
Am I the only one happy to have more Linkin Park, even if it's a new type?
What a great song. Welcome to LP Emily.
I love this. New era new linkin park, not a replacement but a new blood. But it still makes me think what would this sound if chester sing this?
So this is the new people?
Does anyone else see this song as a follow up to their song Numb? Like, from the same perspective, just 20 years later? I am so happy to see LP return!
Forget the vocals, look up Emily Armstrong's ties to Scientology, which demonizes psychiatry and views mental illness as made-up, extremely ironic and distasteful given Chester's struggles with mental health and depression, and Linkin Park's core beliefs, as well as Emily's ongoing defense of Danny Masterson, convicted of two counts of rape, who is also a part of the Scientology cult. This is seriously the best choice they could have gone with?
What a roller-coaster of emotions...
Is Rob Bourdon not with them anymore?
why am I crying! I am happy to see you guys again  with a female vocals 🥹❤
Can't believe this is real! Waiting for a new album!!!
I don't know.   They are not even playing the same kind of music. Why not just start a new band?
Why Linkin Park Its Not The Same 😭
What felt like a long time, the day I never thought I’d see coming. But somehow deep down I knew there was still a small chance, a hope that one day they would be back and be reborn. Thank you Linkin Park! I cannot wait for what is in store for all of us in the future ahead.
Can't replace the vocalist, but Linkin Park's musical journey must go on..and Emily? Her voice is also nice with a new touch..good luck
im on listen #45 in a row. any one else??
Are you ready to move on? (FC.TH)
should have changed the band name, this isnt linkin park
What a voice  This is a really good fit Can't wait to hear her do some old songs  But still its wierd not to hear chester for the first time on the song.
Why isn’t this “trending”?? It’s got almost a MILLION views in 4 hours
What happen with Linkin Park , Is lossing their Essence.😮😮
Finally my band is back!!and my wish come true!they choose a girl!but what happend with Rob?
F u, where is the rap?? The power??? Mixing genres?
Should have changed their name... It will never be Linkin Park without Chester... Sorry it's good but it's not Chester Bennington Good!
This is F***ing great! Also, anyone else notice the bar is the same bar from New Girl?
I'm just wondering if Chester's voice was there?
Will of fire has been passed❤
Are you kidding he's gonna trade Chester for a woman!!! 🤔 Why didn't they find someone with a similar vocal range who can sing their older songs and sound similar!!!
when those of us who were broken and damaged needed them most.... when all seemed like it was about to fall to pieces.. they came back, maybe not the exact same... but evolved  Welcome Back to our hearts Linkin Park, here's to the next chapter
What an introduction! I‘m tearing up. This is amazing and she’s awesome!!!
Oh no she's a scientologist???
Have to admit, this is one banger. Felt like a teenager again.
Why Do i Still Miss Chester 😢
When I hear her on numb I was so conflicted but now hearing this new song I'm kinda hype. I like where the band is going.
Why are people so scared to give valid criticism, I mean, she's alright, I guess. And no, I'm not saying this because she's a woman or about who she sleeps with, but that's only what people latch on to nowadays.
Anyone know why the drummer didn’t come back? Did he hate money?
Is like Hunting Party and MTM from an alt universe, and I freaking love it! Can't wait to see more of what you guys have cooking for us. Let's  goooo \m/
Did you all get brain damage?  A female... Really...  RIP Chester, your band mates have created a monster.
What a scream what a voice what a talent  Love the new LP era 🩵🩵
I checked out her previous band, Dead Sara. Emily is a vocal powerhouse, but damn, the news that she's a Scientologist and a rape apologist is not going to do her any favors winning over existing LP fans. Will Shinoda and company continue to back her, or will the backlash eventually be too much once word spreads for them to continue with her co-fronting the band?
when the new vocalist utter "Let you cut me open just to watch me bleed"..... its like🔥🔥🔥
Why women instead there are loot of great vocalist 😢 who could justify Chester Bennington. I don't say she is bad but it doesn't fit at all 😢🎉
What about the old drummer???? What happened with him???? Why he is not with them?
Can't wait for more! Absolutely incredible
Why the hell am I crying? Chester would be singing here but Emily did great and I support her in this new beginning in the band. All the best
Anybody else hearing welcome to the black parade in the guitar riffs @ 0:58??
Is she a scientologist?? If so, I'm good
What happened to the previous vocalist?
Would fit a new band better a la Fort Minor  but I guess, marketing.
Do yall hear Emily vocals coming through at 0:46? Sheeshh, that’s when I already knew! 🔥🔥🔥
Didn't know what to expect... But goddamn this was GREAT
Who agreed in this song is that Chester is best on this lyrics 😍
When Chester news on his passing i was on the way for a major heart surgery, I'm glad I'm still alive to listen to New Linkin Park
Who's still listening in 2050?
What a powerful introduction to the world.
Couldn't replace him. Didn't want to replace him. She's her own singer, and I'm here for it! Killer song of a new era! :D
Why milk the Linkin Park name unless you dont think you can be successful and if you dont think itll be good why do it
Will never be another chester bennington, but its good to see this new version of them.
When I first saw the photo I was skeptical. When I first heard her voice I was relieved.
when emily drop her chorus, i know everybody think about Him.  but This is From Zero!! jus sad of remembering also happy for hear them back!!🔥🔥🔥
What surprises me most is that Mike asked her to learn and she somehow earned her place in just 8 months. Chester would definitely be proud of this new LP.
Can't wait. Last time I saw you guys was Nokia club and that meant the world to me. Now I'm really hoping I'll be able to see you on the 11th Can't wait for everything to come
She is a Scientologist and a Danny Masterson Rape DEFENDER! NO!!! Wtf Linkin Park!?!?!?!? WHERE IS THE VETTING!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
When I'm writing, I'm constantly thinking about myself, because it's the only experience I have to draw on. And I don't see an exact reflection of myself in every face in the audience, but I know that my songs have validity to them, and that's why the fans are there. - Chester
Why am I imagining Chester singing. Makes me cry. Also, she's awesome. Love this
Linkin Park reborn with new music. Anyone up for a tour next year?
When I heard the news that you guys were back with a girl I thought the band would change styles and I kept my expectations low because I won't ever forget Chester. Let me tell you something, never heard of her but instantly became a fan. I wish her all the best and the rest of the band and I'm glad this comment section is a whole world of positive energy because you guys deserve everything. All the best for the new members. 💪💪 You rock LP!
Was very skeptical for a female singer at linkin park, but this song is freaking epic!
Anyone else hear the melody of Final Masquerade in there?
What a stark contrast between youtube & Twitter/X comments, SHOCKER!
This is huge❤ RIP Chester. Irreplaceable, however, matched?
Can't lie and say I like it. Not going to dislike the video because of it. I still have the old stuff to listen to.
Should have made a new band or made an album with her on fort minor. This is just disgraceful for Chester’s legacy :(
What a shame what they did with the band. They'd rather not make new music or make a new band. Linkin Park died with chester
When y’all went live earlier and told us you were releasing a new album I literally cried for about 30 minutes. I have been waiting for this for a long time!!! I’m beyond excited for this and I can’t wait to hear the rest. I love you guys so much and I want to thank you for making my teenage years worth it. You guys helped me through so much and honestly ya’ll still do. Thank you!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤
Might as well change the name. Its not linkin park anymore
Did they use the bar from New Girl to show of their new girl?
I wonder if it was on purpose that the bar set from "New Girl" is in the first music video with Linkin Parks new girl singer
Should of changed the name of the band it will never be the same without Chester
Is this like a DEI hire?
Where are the old Linkin Park fans?
Is that the same bar filmed for New Girl show?
can we talk about how mikes vocal got better and better with each of his project
Did Rob not want to be part of LP anymore?
Can they like, use AI to bring Chester back to life? I miss hearing him 😢. Console me brothers and sisters.
Absolutely stunning! I can hear Chester in her voice. I'm looking forward to more!  Edit: Is this song inspired by her life story?
Emily has a SICK VOICE! Loved so much! But what happened to Rob?
What I wouldn't give to have this be Chester signing. This just isn't what it should be.
Who is Emily…. Oh my god- what a voice! I’m obsessed!!!!!!!! This isn’t Chester- but it’s another voice full of soul and beauty! Wow….
There are some problematic things about her past. That along with not liking her voice or vocal style make this a pass from me. Also, where is Rob?
Y'all concerned bout Chester getting replaced.. how about Rob Bourdon?? WTH is he?? He's the original drummer right?
What a time to be alive, my friends.
What a banger, I'm into it!
I'm hyped!   ....but wtf happened to Rob?
Won't Be the Same without you Big Brother. But a New Chapter begins.
Is it just me, or does this sound a bit punky?
Who is here in September 2024?
Nope, from her first note I regreted my decision to listen. To be clear, her voice is 🔥but it's not Chester and it's not LP. Where's the dj?
*SIGH* With the new lead singer being a woman, I fear that Linkin Park may no longer be my favorite rock band.    Now, don't misunderstand, I still LOVE the band, and I can't wait for what they have to show us now, and I am DEFINITELY not trying to be sexist, but changing the lead singer's gender is...something that I'm not a huge fan of. I mean, could they REALLY not find a suitable male lead singer to replace the Chester Bennington (RIP)?
Does anyone else think they should have just made a new band or changed the name? Feels kinda like cashing in on Chester...
Should just name the band something else at this point.
It's strange though.... I can hear somehow Chester's singing in my head? why?
Should have just renamed the band. R.I.P Chester.
Terrible simply terrible what are you guys doing? Let’s be hellstorm but worse?
Is a big no for me ,sorry  Good luck with the new era ,this is not for me
How many new Transformers movies does this equal?🤖
What happened there at about 3:09?
When Tom left Blink-182 and was replaced with Skiba, it was no longer Blink and they should have formed a new band. The same is true here. Without Chester, it's not Linkin Park.
Do they finally found a sweet, raspy voice? I feel awkward, I guess I have to get used to it. Nice song
was excited until i learned that emily is a scientologist and a danny masterson apologist
RIP Chester...  Song is great but... Where is Rob Bourdon?
Why pick a scientologist who defends rapists to front your band?
When she hits certain parts of the song, she sounds like a female Chester. I like it!  I’m ready to hear the album. 🤘🏻
Can't believe Linkin Park is back. This is a dream 💜
can already see people using AI to make chester's version.
What an awesome song, Chester Bennington would be proud of the band, specially Mike Shinoda, i understand that he will never be replaced but Emily Armstrong will honor the legacy of Chester, and i can't wait for this new genesis for Linkin Park starting on November 15th with their first album in 8 years: From Zero 🖤💚🔥🤟🏻
Is she the new lead singer? because her voice and passion are 🔥
Doesn't sound anything like LP but she is really good.
WHAT DA HELL I FVCKING LOVE HER
1:12 is this rob bourdon?
can't imagine the pressure on her filling a void and with some of the boomers hating. Chester will never ever be replaced but the band has to move on into a new chapter.
So the new lead singer is a Danny Masterson defending Scientologist?
Has Nik Nocturnal covered this song yet?
When Emily Armstrong started singing in a clean manor I immediately knew there would be more under the surface. (Had to look up her name as I was unfamiliar with her until this very video)   .....And oh boy was I not disappointed. Very powerful, I hear some dynamic singing going on, which I love. Just staying in a single tune is boring to me personally.  The future looks bright.
It was alright, best thing since Meteora. It just doesn't feel right, like someone else singing for Soundgarden, know what I mean?
Couldn't wait for Linkin Park to become of of those cover bands playing till inappropriate old age
when i was 15 i had imaginary fights with my rivals while listening to linkin park. glad i can now continue! MAY MY IMAGINARY FIGHTS BE LEGENDARY
Will always have a soft spot for chester but I love her!!!
why don't you just use ai to mimic Chester voice in new songs ? the girl's voice is a disaster for linkin park just change the band's name
What a great time to be alive. Seen Linkin Park comeback is amazing!
Is that debby ryan next to Pheonix at the beggining of the video?
Why I suddenly think of Paramore when they announce the new Vocal?
Can u please keep her in this role give her a chance
Doesn't sound anything like Linkin Park, which is a shame. The new Linkin Park will just be a random band with the LP tag stuck on.  With that being said, here's hoping that the rest of the album actually does have resemblance of Linkin Park in it.
I loved LP nd was sad  when Chester left us too soon, New vocalist sounds good, will need to hear more of her, where is she from, sounds familiar?
When she started to sing... Omg, no words, i love it ❤
Was never the biggest fan of LP, but stoked for all the fans that they're making a comeback!  This 80's baby is happy the stuff we grew up on is seemingly making a revival!
Is it just me, or does she sound like a gender bent Chester?
Should have went with Ivo Rosario
Can't wait for more of Emily ❤
Is that the bar from New Girl? 👀
Can scream, can sing high notes, there are fewer comparisons than male singers, very perfect, support forever.❤
Would this have been better with Chester? Yes. Is "the new beginning" still a bit of coping for his loss? Also, yes. But That's life. It isn't fair and we can't waste our time trying to fight the clock. It's a great song and she definitely has the vocals for Linkin Park's vibe. Can't wait to see what comes next, and I admire the bravery to keep the band going!
I hope Emily has left the child trafficking cult of Scientology!!!  Can anyone confirm???
Who else thinks this woman sucks
Isn’t that the bar that Nick worked at in New Girl????
What a great song! It catches imediately I wasn't LP fan though.
when we'll we here LP perform the ARCANE series? the song fits the series. or better yet at LOL WORLDS.
Did you hear the screams..? 0:46
When the perfect touch was never lost.  ❤️ Trinidad 🇹🇹
What ever happen to 5 minute songs that gave us a chance to get lost in it? Went by too quick and I don't remember it.
What a blessing. Thank you, and welcome back ❤️
Who marked 1:38 as the highlight?
Is it just me, or is she a mix of Joan Jett & Taylor Momson.? And her voice sounds a lil like Joan's too❤️ Totally needed a girl.. Welcome back LP
Why would they pick a scientologist?
should have ended it after Chesters death and started a new band
Can I ask a question, is it Chester's dother?
What happend to this band i will always love this band.
What a disgrace to Chester’s Legacy Linkin Park should have been left alone 🎤
Why didn't you just start a different band... This isn't Linkin Park lol doesn't even have that sound.
What a great song. Can't wait for the rest of the album. Glad to have Linkin Park back, even with some changes.
Why am i hearing Chesters voice thru her...
Is that Emily from DeadSara? Good choice, Linkin Park. she rocks
Did not expect this in a million years. This is such a good thing.
Is this real... Or am I dreaming? I still can't believe it... I love you Linkin Park. I love you Emily ❤️
Got gooosebumps damn.. this is too good. she frickin rocks. who is she?
Can't believe we are here right now, this is actually an amazing new start. Can't wait to see whats next.
is She singing in the same octave(s) that Chester sang? She gave the goosebumps to my skin.
Is back great job linkin park. Yeahhhhhh
What a horrible piece of crap, if it was generated by Ai it would be less worse. Very generic.
It's just weird without chester 😢... am I the only one who feels this way?
Didn't wow me immediately, but I'm very much intrigued. I like being back in the grungey vibes.  Emily's fry singing sounded good. Exited to hear more.
What happened to Rob? where is he?
has me feelin emotional in a way I can't really describe right now. They were big for me at a point in my life.  They couldn't have picked a better person to fill Chester's role though, it's funny how the universe puts people exactly where they're meant to be sometimes.
Where's Rob Bourdon? Where's my favourite drummer?
can go on to the next song?
Why does this only have 24k views in an hour. This is fantastic.
Mr. Rob Bourdon needs to make a return later in the Album. Is it too much to ask for?
Should be a new band. This isn't Linkin Park imo. I like her voice but not when she sings their old music
They’re talking about choosing to come into the simulation right?
Boycotting this train wreck, world is wrapped up in mediocrity rn, what's next a new Van Halen guitarist?
Now this I can get into moving forward. It's still hard to hear someone else sing older LP songs. I'm just happy for all the member of LP to be moving on and moving forward with their lives. Lets go on this journey called life together. Who's with me?
What an amazing start to the new Linkin Park, let’s see where they go, we miss Chester but this is the end of an era
Anyone else getting Hunting Party and Minutes to Midnight vibe from this??
What a song, make Chester proud❤
Why are there so few views, what the crap?
The Battery Guy Still The Same?
What a triumphant return! I'm so ready for what's coming next.
So linkin park is now halestorm 2?
What a great voice, i wish her and LP the best and i hope the the Album will be a huge success.
Excuse me?   Who’s that on the second verse? This isn’t a feature song?
Why is Courtney Love in Linkin Park?
How to like multiple thousand times at once?
Can someone explain the story with the new girl? Is she part of the band now?
Alright, but WHERE TF IS ROB?
When Emily sings it feels like chester is singing..till now legends never die😢😢❤❤
Is nobody gonna address that Emily sounds just like Chester, there is a female tone yeah but God this feels like Chester is singing through her voice.
Who TF asked for a Chester-less LP? We already have Mike's solo career for that.   The hype will die out fast and this pale imitation of a dead past will be soon forgotten.
Can anyone pull up lyrics ASAFP
What a fantastic return and start of a new era!
How does this video have 81,000 likes but only 9,000 views??
Can someone plz do an A.I Chester version.
Why is she in Scientology 😩 she is great, except that
8,894 views, 8.5k comments, and 78k likes. Am I missing something ?
would it be disrespectful to ask someone to use ai to put Chester's voice in it and see how this song would sound? Not to compare...but for the feels
How much are you willing to bet that somebody is gonna use AI on this song and hear Chester's voice?
Why does Mike sound like Derek Wibly from Sum 41 here
What a COMEBACK  thank You Linkin Park. Thank you so much!!!! I love you guys!!
Who in the who and the what is the new vocalist? She is phenomenal, Chester's soul is really in her voice!!!!
Please forgive me if I missed, but, does Rob replaced?
What a nice year to live, new Slipknot,  the return of oasis, and now Linkin Park.
I was skeptical at first, but once the song gets going I can hear the framework of Linkin Park. It’s so great to see them paying homage to their roots while also making their music all their own. I look forward to whatever the future holds! Who’s with me?!?
very good performance from the new singers. I'm excited to see what's to come and in which direction you'll develop. I think it's great to see you on stage again full of enthusiasm after all this time. keep it up. maybe rock am ring 2026?
Who else was there for the livestream?
Can't wait for the album, it will be fire 🔥🔥🔥
Is…is that the bar from New Girl at 0:50?
What a legendary comeback! Chester's legacy will continue to live on forever 🙏 "We lost a great comrade, but gained new ones..." - Optimus Prime
Is that the Bar from "New Girl"? Because there is a new girl in the band? Smart <3 I'm glad LP is back!
What if chester sing this song
can't wait to see the new wave of AMV's with this as the soundtrack 😂
Why I'm crying so much right now
Is just isn’t the same but the girl is good.
Who the hell is this chick!? Her voice is crazy!  Something tells me Linkin Park is back in the saddle again... 🥲🥺😎
Why I get goosebumps listening to this ❤
Can't believe this is real, I love y'all I'm happy to see LP fans back ❤❤❤
Could have any band behind Chester's voice but without the voice this isn't Linkin park..not even close and had they tried using a new name it would have never have gotten any traction...name or not this is just goofy pop music
Was it just me or when they did the flashes of faces...did anyone else notice looked like chester was in there........ but this took time...and was done perfect ...grieving takes time and im sure us fans will appreciate this move... and welcome the next phase of linkin park.
when the guitarist starts that distortion at the verse i really was imaging the presents of Chester's screams....RIP to him
Who is this woman? Sorry but it's not the same anymore
Who here saw it first on the stream? Also hi lovers and haters 😂❤
Who else here appreciates the return to  The Hunting Party sound?
Can never replace chester... but this would make chester proud ❤
Unrelated but is the bar at 0:51 the same bar they used to shoot New Girl?
Am I the only one crying?
Did they say anything about Rob? i was late to the steam :/
No one notice is that rob bourdon?
Where is Rob Bourbon? not coming Again ?
Was not expecting this but it’s flipping brilliant, this is the beginning of a new Linkin Park but they can never replace Chester
How long until we have an AI one with Chester singing vocals?
Do they realize how they make us feel ? that pleasure of the new era and the tears while I'm hearing Emily for the first time with a voice that remind me the special man Chester was, everything is incredible in it, congratulations and thanks you so much
Where my Dead Sara heads at?
What a incredible restart! This is the new era and i love it!
could be cool song but the girl is off
Can't wait to hear her sing all the classics
Do they have a new drummer? Or is it just me
Is anyone else imagining this in Chester's voice in their head?
How this vídeo have 61k likes with only 7k views at the moment?
Should of just renamed the band at least
Is nobody else gonna talk about the fact that Rob decided to step away?
Why am I crying?  Such a dope song!!! I love it!!!
Who she? I think they should have gone with a new name for the band, maybe? Like, just a new project.
Why are all of you lying to yourselves? This song is Mid AF and she sucks...
I like her a lot actually:) anyone know who she is or what band she was in ?
7k + views....59k likes. What magic is this?
Did not expect to cry today! God damn, RIP Chester, but Emily’s voice fits so well. All the feels.
Why a new Singer if Mike can Sing?!
Do you know that movie sequels usually suck? well, not this time. I'm more than shocked. I'm devastated. Thank you
Chester will always live on! I don’t know but I’m kinda excited can’t wait to see where this goes. And are we finally going to get that long awaited Eminem collab?
Where is Rob Bourdon? I understand he retired from the band but damn, we haven't seen this guy in a while. I'm just curious if he still has long hair, a beard and what he looks like now. He is missing from the team. He's a really good drummer
Can't wait for this new era chester would be proud.
Well this wasn't on my 2024 bingo card. What's next, Half Life 3?
Why did I see hate??? It's hard to be like Chester. She is amazing. Likin Park will always be an amazing band 🤘
Chester will never be forgotten but welcome Emily. I'm here for that, who else is?
What in the Fort Minor is this trash
Did they get a new drummer as well?
Should change the band name to STINKIN PARK 🙄
Did you notice at 3:07?
I wonder how long it'll be for someone to do an AI Chester version of this song
2:12 - 2:35 was this chester? AI version or a old recorded song like they did with xxx? am i going crazy?
Why do I feel like I heard this years ago
All replies to all comments are not showing. Evem if you click newest. Why is youtube bl0cking replies? Perhaps to shut down discussion?
I know everybody is missing Chester for sure but where my boy Rob at?
Can't wait to hear full new album!
could go a bit harder for my taste but overall nice song. looking forward to what they cooked.
Why not start a new band ? All the best but I think this is a bit of a cash in and in very poor taste....i'm out before it begins.........there's your next  song title.
what is this Pretty Reckless wannabe...
IS HERE GUYS!  WELCOME BACK LP ❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Can't wait to hear an AI version with Chester singing it.
Does she sound great live like real audio?
What a voice she’s got on her!
Without the numetalness what's Hann purpose in the band?
May you rest in peace my brother, your legacy is in the hands of a really talented lady. LONG LIVE THE QUEEN! LONG LIVE LINKIN PARK!  Congratulations to Emily Armstrong for a stellar show with the boys. Welcome to our family.
who think this song will hit #1
Did Rob Bourdon leave Linkin park?
This gives me GUANO APES vibes.. Anyone!?!?
Why not the vocalist of Hybrid Theory?? 🤷
Can't wait for this album 🙌
Soy yo, o se parece a Guilty All the Same?
BY THE WAY WHERE IS THE OLD DRUMMER ROB BOURDON ?
Aright now who's going to make a AI cover of this song with Chester's voice?
Can't wait to see what the band will look like in this new form. Also, welcome to the LP family, Emily
Should have left LP fade off and made a new band … this is awful
Don't get me wrong but this isn't Linkin Park dude this linkin park tribute band now better than original?
Why do i remember this song from somewhere? It might have been just a snippet but i remember it from somewhere and i dont know if im just telling it to myself or it really happened. But it sounds so familiar.
Who’s still listening to this in September 2024?
Can't hate when they try and keep the music and band going, liking their return to roots and a more rock/metal instead of pop. Lot of pressure on her, but sounds like she will do good at covering Chester's parts
This is a solid lead single ❤ Who agrees with me?
Is it just me or is there a very brief slip in of Chester's image around 3:08, just a glitch worth?  My heart is full right now, I'm so happy for LP to be back and making music.
Is it me, or has Mike shinoda found the female version of Chester Bennington
Wtf why this sht looks like running in my head from opening of Code Geass Roze of yhe recapture????
is it me or does she sound like gwen stefanie... anyways im so happy  LINKIN PARK is BACK!
So Is there new Transformers movie coming out?
I have a question: where is Rob?
Here before 5k views. How long until a million?
Why not call the band something else? lol
Is there a legitmate reason to not just change the band name after the front man passes? It seems like brand recognition is the only reason you wouldn't
Wow..   she is good.  What day is it?  Is it 2003?
When this song was uploaded, I listened to it 4 minutes later. I am a lifelong fan of Linkin Park from Bangladesh
Does anyone know why Rob didn't stay in the band?
In many ways I feel like I'm listening to a collaboration between Linkin Park and Nirvana, anyone else?
Is that Nick's bar from new girl?
I'm curious but is Emily still the lead for Dead Sara also?
Why people comparing her with chester ? Stop comparing her with chester !!  She is not replacement , she is just new memebr ( new vocalist) with new era of linkin park , LP wiLL  start again FROM ZERO  Good luck for her .
can't be the same but welcome back
Will be honest. I liked it more than I thought I would.
what about the olds songs? whats is going to happen in concerts?
Are they saying this is what life without LP felt like. Like saying what do I do without LP.
Can't get over how smiley Mike was throughout the concert. I wish them all happiness. As fans we should be right behind their new chapter. The complaining and negativity is unnecessary
Is rob in the band or no!? Im really happy LP is bringing it back to a more natural instrumental approach. I really hope there are some HEAVY tracks. We really need a few of those. Im LOVING this melody! I admit though, its a tad tough in a way because that chorus just SCREAMS chester. I could legit hear him. My only gripe overall, The KEY changes on the old songs live really altered the tone of some of the songs.
Who will be until the end?
What’s the name of this band?
You know how long I've been waiting for this?
What a beatiful song T.T
All of you need to stop complaining about the new singer. She's absolutely killing it. She's no Chester of course, but this is what he would want. If you are calling this trash, are you even a true LP fan?
This girl screams and sings out of tune. And this is supposed to be Chester's replacement???
Will never forget the first time I saw them. With only about 60 people at the TLA on South St in Philly and they were opening up for another band at a free concert. Earlier that day, Shinoda had handed me and my wife a demo tape and asked us to come check out the concert. We listened to it and needless to say, attended the show. Big surprise, they killed it. So much so that we caught them in the lobby after their set and the whole band was nice enough to talk with us for about 5 mins. The most down to earth people in rock I’d ever met. 6 months later, Hybrid Theory dropped and the rest is history.  I’ll never forget that day for the rest of my life. It was amazing experience and I still tell the story to this day. Thanks guys. Good luck with everything you do. Hope to catch you guys again one day, and bring my daughter too!
Who else watching this legendary band as the views rise?
Who all came after watching their live performance ❤
Why Rob is not coming back?
Auto tune can do miracles, is that the same girl who was singing in the concert today?
I'm I tripping or.. does she trasform into Chester at 3:04?
HOW CAN THIS BE SO NOSTALGIC AND MEMORABLE EVEN THOUGH IT HAS BEEN RELEASED TODAY, THIS IS AMAZING!!
Can someone AI Chester's voice into this????
Should be renamed, sounds like another girls band, I'm watching my aunt dancing and screaming after a few drinks
Should have opened with the video, opening with the live concert was like introducing someone to your parents on a first date. It was weird and uncomfortable. We don’t know her and here we are sharing family feelings. Emily has a fantastic voice but you could feel the nerves. Either way, the criticism will come because of that, but I’m here for the new LP. Well done Emily and welcome to the family.
why not just make a new band? cuz its just not gonna be the same without Chester
Are We Going Back To 1rst Stage LP That You Guys Spent YEARS Evolving From? The Ville, KY
Just to understand better, the band is still "Mike, Joe, Brad and Phoenix", right? In this case, Rob left?
why is brad in the music video? O.o
Can we talk about Collin on drums? this dude is an amazing producer and now he's working with Mike and Brad.
Can't wait for more keep up the great work!
I'll be completely honest. The song in itself is not bad, but I wouldn't call it a Linkin Park song. I don't believe they should carry the name of Linkin Park and call themselves something else. Who agrees?
Where were Brad and Rob in the show? why? here I see Brad...
Are Rob and Brad not part of the band now  ?
Is that the end of live? Do we not get to see it all unless we’re there in person?
Haven't had a song make me cry in a while. I needed this. Thank you to the whole band new and old for what you give me.
Who is that taking over for Chester? He’s pretty good. Also who’s the random lady?
What a complete masterpiece, perfectly coordinated
What a banger! Love it and so happy to see LP making new music!
When Linkin Park becomes your favourite band for the second time...
wait who’s that in drum? Where’s Rob?
DAAAMMNNNN I'm freaken loving this new era!!!! can't wait for the album to drop! so when does the tour start?
Yeah, we get it, Mike, you wanted to be part of something. But at what cost though?
Can't Wait To Hear The New Beginning Of Linkin Park!
why cant linkin park made trash songs?
What a powerful sound! I'm so glad to have more Linkin Park, thank you so much!
what a song! she sounds good too
what an amazing voice, very cool 🇧🇷
Not sure what sound this album is gonna have. Their last album was a pop album. Is this one gonna be heavier like the Hunting Party?
So is Rob not part of the band anymore?
I believe this song is for those haters or it's just me?
Should of just called THIS BAND a new name 😂🤣🤣
What a replacement, we all need to move on just like they have! Chester, this is for you🙌🏼
Great song!  I’m lost….. who is this Emily?
This goes unnecessarily but necessarily hard tbh! The passion is beyond me! It’s good to have LP back and stronger than ever!  Edit: Why was Brad never in any of their performances???
Why im not surprised that they somehow had kept the Linkin Park through out these years?
Was that haywire from prison break
What a song 7 years later they are come back🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why does the old guy look like William afton
Will we ever get a LP musical drama biopic film or series about Chester Bennington’s life & career called “In The End” with Warner Bros Pictures distributing the film and the film get a 3hrs run-time?
What a time to be alive
Anyone else sad that Rob is no longer the drummer?
Why a female though? 🤦‍♂️  Not saying anything abainst woke but linkinpark isn't a girl bamd. Period.
Who is here before one million views?
What an amazing event, new album, new single, world tour and a amazing singer! LFG
I don't understand the hate on the internet for the new singer and the new song. You don't like anything. Remember how you hate out Linkin Park for their last album. Or maybe it was because of you haters that Chester killed himself?
Miss Armstrong did it well.  Familly on the moon maybe?
How does the rumor become true?? Emily become the next LP front singer, and this song title is the same too~~ Did I missed out something or it just leaked on purpose..
Will always miss Chester but I love her! 😻
wt is her name the new singer?
Can she do Given Up though.
Why did they not just grab the guy from the Hybrid Theory tribute band? He sounds a lot like Chester. This new singer is alright but she clearly struggles with the screams on their older, most cherised songs. Glad to see them moving forward, but honestly baffled with their choice in new singer. It just isnt hitting for me.
What an absolute beautiful new beginning for the band. Lets build it up from zero!
What a fuckin dusie! The dude from Orgy was right, lol
Will we ever get a Twenty One Pilots x Linkin Park collaboration?
Who is here after the live comeback concert like 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Should have just made a new brand and rebranded this feels wrong
What are we doing saying she is bad it doesn’t matter if you want linkin park back the how about you realize that it’s going to be this way either you like it or not saying she is trying so hard to be Chester is crazy if you really care about Chester than you wouldn’t be saying these thing because he would be happy knowing we moved on and accepted it. In that case                                              MAKE CHESTER PROUD ❤️🕊️🕊️
Time, Dr. Freeman? Is it really that time again?
Is anyone else watching the Linkin Park: From Zero Live Stream where I think there's a potential new lead singer of the band... She's fantastic but nothing will compare her to the machine of a singer Chester Bennington 🤘🕊️
why not just hire the guy from that cover band selling out huge venues all over the world?
where r rob and brad? they said anything about them?
What a time to be alive!
I love my dad. Would i love my dad if someone else was him?
will we have a new female vocalist instead of chester?
you can’t replace chester bro wtf is this??
Can't wait for this to release
