I have such a weird question...  If our eyeballs are like the glass ball, when light enters it... How come there aren't burning spots in the back of our heads or behind our eyes?   Totally weird question, I know.  But honestly I'm just curious
so iz da earf flat or roundy ?
so if he sets up hundreds of scpheres  will it make one giant one?  is the cone  of light  viewable  in the atmosphere as well?  Maybe there could be a part too this rainbow  one is neat!  I think  using a light pipe  from edmund optics  does similar as well.
What about the set of genes massively deciding not to replicate (birth rate crisis in developed countries)? How can the theory at least partially explain this?
You still not answering the real question; where is the gold?, and what happened to the leprechaun?
Great video! Can you simplify it for me?
5:56 Can someone explain why it changed direction down and not up in the diagram?
What if we could put a dome of water into low earth orbit.
Now I'm wondering what the limit is in terms of atmospheric mediums for rainbow creation (e.g. Would sulfuric acid particles in Venus' atmosphere be capable of creating this illusion as well?)
So... After watching this I'm like.... Can you tell me the simple explanation now, you know, the one you spared us of at the beginning?
Could you boil water at focal?
Thanks Dad. Nice graphics btw. Do those replace cartoons in your household?
Currently watching this video, and I have questions, if you’d be so kind to answer. Last week I documented a double rainbow, where the upper rainbow was almost not visible, outside our home, in an area that they repeatedly occur, and I’ve taken pictures of previously, yet that isn’t supposed to happen. Also it was dark above, in the bow band area, and below it. There was light outside it to the left / north side. Here is the biggest thing: this rainbow was spotted in a different area miles away several hours earlier, the same day and then it appears it moved with the clouds across the sky. How are any of those situations possible? Thank you. God’s Blessings 🙏🏼
Why are they flatter the more go to the south pole and more arch the more you go to the north pole?
Beautiful! One question though: There are waterdrops between your eye and the waterdrop that refracts/reflects certain color (as seen in this wondeful model) - and since they are all randomly spread, how come they do not distort the picture (deflect the light ray randomly somewhere)?
Is the wiggling blue light fog and haze?
That is something I have wondered my entire life - if the light from a rainbow is coming from the rain droplets, why do we see one rainbow and not billions of tiny one? Thank you, Derrick!
So I stopped seeing as many rainbows as an adult compared to as a child because I wear sunglasses?!!!
Why is the blue light dangerous? 11:18  😮 Amazing Video 😍
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?  And what’s on the other side?
Should be more enquiring minds, thanks. I find most people like science but no real interest in why!
Did you explain to him that rainbows only exist in consciousness?
Okay there is a medium that slows light down, would a True vacuum speed light up?
But they always come after a rain?
Is the radius of a rainbow dependent upon the angle of the sun over the horizon?
Ok maybe I missed it but why is the wave that the charges create off phase with the light wave?
Ok, daddy, but how does the refracted light know how to avoid all the other raindrops and get scattered into white light?
Natural?...or Intelligent design?...AND The BEST thing (or worst), IS WE GET TO CHOOSE...✌️🙏😵‍💫
Is that where we get Glory    -holes come from 😆
Does that mean one day blueray can evolve into violetray?
Why the hell must scientists _double up_ on word usage??.. you say "caustics", I think acids and corrosives.. lol
Son: "Why are rainbows curved?" Dad: *makes half hour YouTube video explaining scientific angles*
the music is too loud and repetitive and annoying and makes it difficult to concentrate  if this were a classroom setting you wouldn’t allow a student to blast their boombox and disturb other students, so why layer annoying music in your video?
5:59 doesn't it mean that the light continues straight but only comes out of the material in scattered different phases and not changes direction altogether? If will take a small portion of the light and not the whole height of the screen it will look clearer ,according to your explanation, that the light will be slanted but still continue straight, and not change direction
when light photons hit eart and bounces back to the sun. What happens to that photons when they hit the sun? Do they continue living in the sun? Do they die? Do they bounce back and hit earth again?
Why doesn't the planetary bodies slow down like even light does when they're doing orbits?💫
Why doesn't the planetary bodies slow down like even light does when they're doing orbits?💫
great video. but one more question: if i was able to perceive more wavelengths of light i would see all the „colors“ between two rainbows. is that right?
why are rainbows curved?  well I guess rainbows aren't for straights...
14:29 spy tf2?
where did you get that shiny glass ball?
So why do rainbows have so many different shapes, some are wide and some are tall?
Is this why shape of rainbow in Antarctica is different than in south Africa or Europe? That means there's a dome above us
how long before your sun got up and walked away?
I wonder why the laser only reflects from the surfaces of the sphere. The medium changes, the light reflects, but why there?
Why does the defraction of light cause it to bend if the light is movinv in a straight line.
what does a rainbow look like in infrared and other wavelengths?
Is the rainbow pattern produced by oil on the water surface caused by the same principle?
If the wave length changes then why doesn’t it change colour?
Why silly background music?
Um is this demonstration not proving the whole firmament debacle?
So isn't this called the Iridescence of water droplets?
@15:39 isn't this a bit inaccurate visualization since sun rays are parallel while here the direction of light changes?
I'm more wondering why I see 4 rainbows?
Could you do one about rainbows the moon makes? I feel like the blue light changes it, I wish I was able to add a photo i took with the comment
If rainbows are optical illusion, then how are we able to capture them on cameras in videos and photos?
Tell us please, why these colors are even there? What is the source that produces the color in the rainbow?
If I use a telescope and try to focus on a distant ground target under a rainbow, will it just appear slightly washed out rather than “normally” brighter?
does this mean cross eyed people see two different rainbows?
how old is your son?
Multiple eBay stores? ZeeDrop handles them like a pro.
I always thought higher wavelength means lower speed. 6:08 it seems smaller wavelenth means lower speed?
What if two people share eyes?
hey...boss your description is not correct....your change in perspective is not complete....what about the backside ?? bbut thx for the 'rain'drop,  which POV can be projected...  'rain'bow is the reflection in our atmosphere..comparing to your raindrop it's the part You ignore....  always the same song in physics.....
What happens to the rays that do not reflect inside and passes through? Like the rays that we would see looking in the direction of the sun? Nobody talks about it. I assume thag doesn't form a caustic or a caustic strong enough for us to distinguish as a rainbow
I wonder if anyone else has ever seen a grey scale rainbow.  Dead of the night with a full moon in the swamp on some fog.  Looks like a rainbow but with a gradient of grey.
I know it must have something to do with angle of the sun or something like that, but can anyone explain why you see so many rainbows in some parts of the world? For example, I lived in Northern England for a while and would see them much more than where I’m from in Southern California, which makes sense of course, but why would I reliably see so many extremely clear and complete rainbows in the Scottish Highlands? It’s not that much further north. I mean, I remember one weeklong trip where, driving around, we saw rainbows approximately 5/7 days.
"Daddy wtf are you talking about?"