a piston engine produced uneven power - did this guy think he re invented the (fly)wheel?
Are you sure that’s a human?
It’s not constant power. It’s constant speed. If the resistance torque changes would the speed change?
Hasn't this issue been solved for many decades, if not centuries, with mechanisms? Like even beyond a pendulum, I'm pretty sure there were mechanisms for temporally evening out power or RPM
How can it power a boat
Can it generate a rhythmic pattern like samba or pagode (Brazilian music) or even flamenco?
"What do you do for a living?" "I'm a mechanichal musician!"
Why does that sound like the drum intro to Dance Dance by Fall Out Boy
8 years? Cmon man
What is this? I remember seeing that old wood video years ago
Taking computer science, trying to understand this. It's basically just a mechanical capacitor? Either way, it's super cool
Pianolas solved this for music roles over a century ago?
No idea what I just watched. Are you...ok in the head?
Any interest in production of electricity with that? You seem to have a great mind for energy efficiency.
and at end u can make Penutbutter right?
So it’s literally like physical real-time quantization? That’s insane
Can't you just do it like a music box where you wind it up and just have it consume the wind through the fly wheel? But instead of fixing the spring to a stationary object, you fix it to the winding handle?
Isn't that an escape mechanism from some old clocks?
Does this mean that marble machine 2 is happening?
Can we use this to drive fuel-less cars? 😢
Totally unqualified but: could you use something like mechanical watches use (O think it's called tourbillion?) but you keep winding it up at the speed that it runs?
Can i make electricity out of this??
but can it do 3:4 polirythm?
Is not a problem the uneven human rhythm in music.
Why don't you use a bag of air as a buffer, sort of like how bagpipes function?
Did you use a threaded rod on the governor as a slip joint? Clever
Did you invent a massive metronome?
Are the small extra Windows perhaps there for sensors, rather than people?
Just why? Input? 100W. Output after all? 20W?
Isn’t that taking the music out of the equation?
B-But the human error adds SOUL and is there even a LIVE RECORDING with added noise just so I can REALLY feel it? ...god I wish more people could just simply accept perfection instead of sticking to their boomer musicians who couldn't hold a note if they wanted to. I can't wait for AI to take over the music industry.
Isn't a pendulum like in a clock the simple solution?
How does this dude buy food
May be dumb but couldnt you also just turn it electric and then use a voltage regulator and then connect to a motor
Is that 3d printed? What's the brand/material? I like the color.
at what point do you get to a solution where digital electronics are what you're actually looking for?
Bro, how did you get funded for this? I have amazing ideas, but zero investors. Where are they?
Ahh I was wondering where you gone off to? Im glad your still on your music projects 👍
But why? Isn't the human variation the fun part about live music? How it's not take 529 in the studio, or a synth, but actually performed with human skill? I get that this is really interesting from an engineering standpoint, but IMO it kinda takes the soul out of the music. If you achieve what you seem to be working towards, every performance of every song is going to be absolutely identical, and at that point, why not just play an audio recording, or even better: make the whole thing with a sequencer.
But... is music actually better without fluctuations in tempo?? I think most musicians will disagree.. fluctuations in tempo can be used to create emotion.. so.. can you influence the tempo .? Then you are done
Ooga ooooG, what dis doohickey??? Gruguh not understand!
Thats amazing.  But what is all this. Gears?
How about use a nuclear reactor.  Haha just a joke have a great day😂😂😂😂
He's still doing this?!
It took you almost twenty years to figure out how to put a governor on the machine?  Buddy. I'd have given up long ago. Props to you, my man.
I wonder how the old movie cameras that were cranked did it.
So does it work via inertia (in essence it’s a fly wheel) so that your irregularity doesn’t significantly impact the rotational velocity?
did you use ideas from old player pianos? I saw a video one day talking about those fixing the same problem.
Why not use a dynamo and some kind of a full bridge rectifier?
Don't you think that by removing all imperfections in your machine you will also  remove its soul ? If you want something perfect just use a piano !
How is he gonna play tightly with the moving keys he has shown recently? I would think the position of the key would affect the timing of the marble hitting it.
Okay, so the fact that this is a 100% pure mechanical solution, and not electronic is absolutely amazing. However, it's also important to set it up to allow for tempo changes, otherwise you won't be able to play things like the original marble machine song. Um... Does that song have an official title?
Can u do a song about Gaza
Cant you just use the same mechanism as a manual watch?
I thought Governers are meant to be vertical?
You mean an ac to dc converter?
Is that a gooble box ?
Is this even done yet?
Can we get a blueprint
hasn’t this been around since they invented self playing pianos?
Is he insane?
I guess a coil spring driving shaft Like a victrola was too easy?
Does this guy have another job or he only does this machine his whole life?
What if there could be a street legal vehicle that operated by a human cycling or stepping?
you didn't instantly think "clock" when you were having this problem?  The genius of a clock is the pendulum, power source, and escapement.  Master those things and you will get constant time.
Victory?  What game is this??
So you copied the governor mechanism out of an old wind-up gramophone?
Don't all automatic watches already do this?
Can you put a cat in bread-making mode as the motor for that machine?
The young Wintergatan: "Dad, I want to be a musician" Dad: "Nope, you're going to be an engineer, like your father, your grandfather and your grand-grandfather!" Wintergatan: "Well dad, what if I become a musician AND an engineer?"
wouldn't a capacitor pack just solve the problem?
You mean like a bagpipe or a clock?  8 years?
Didn't one of the Dr. Stone episodes show a simple ("simple") way to get a consistent speed out of human powered machines.
Is he still working on the marble machine? I thought that thing was amazing already.
is this kind of work mechatronics would do?
I love your dedication to tightness in the beat, but honestly I wonder if it’s too tight right now? It’s good to have a completely steady tempo, but I think the ideal drum track is one where the drummer listens to a metronome while playing so they never stray from the beat, but also the hits aren’t always landing absolutely perfectly on the beat. Gives it a more organic feel that way. A good example of this is beats by J Dilla if you need a reference
so the human aspect of it is removed?
Why on earth would you want a constant RPM. This wrecks why it sounded great.
Did this man make mechanical energy capacitors?
How much energy could you generate if you hooked it up with a turbine?
Is this guy still milking this project?
This is just an inverter and rectifier, right?
Why aren't people talking about how sinister it felt in the first scene
This guys still going with this machine. Honestly crazy to think how long he’s been going for now??
I'm kind of confused. Wasn't the restarting of the machine making because it was complicated?
What part of this doesn't scream crazy?
Doesn't the heavy flywheel do most of the timing for you realistically 😅
I miss watching the live streams. Will there be anymore?
EIGHT years? 😮 Respect!
I kind of understand that you want it to be perfect, but then again, should you just use a computer if it's gonna sound like one? I loved the first machine, no matter how imperfect it was.
Don't mechanical watches have a mechanism specifically for this purpose? But I suppose that they are only good for small amounts of force.  It would probably be too large and difficult to make one that could deal with a lot of force.  Regardless, my intuition makes me think that using air pressure would work well for this, like a bellows, but I suppose a flyball governer makes good sense too.
any new songs?
Why would you want to cut the human element out of an instrument? Hey I hear quartz crystals keep time pretty well!
Isnt it like first velocity regulator invented in steam era?
Although: once the sound becomes perfect, will it lose its character?
What does it mean to be personaly hyperbolic
Is that a Gooble Box or a Flooble Crank?
Is this guy swiss? I feel like he is very swiss.
Would a remontoire work for this purpose?
How much longer untill someone realises this was a complete waste of time and effort?
What about an escapement transmission?
Mechanical phase lock loop?
Wow, that’s a really complicated machine. Have you looked at how mechanical watches do this? The spring in a watch has the same basic issue, they use a single gear and flywheel (in a grandfather clock it’s a pendulum). It only counts out seconds, but adjusting the timing should be reasonably trivial.
How long until Martin realizes he wants the human factor in his music? 😂
Isn't this ultimately a set of bike pedals?
And still, after all these years, I have no idea what this genius is doing.   Solution: This thing Problem: ?
When did I unsubscribe?  YOUTUBE!!!
So... this is almost like the old pianos with their playing sheets right?
Isn't that the Gooble Box from Rick and Morty
Why don’t you just call it swing and be done with it?
What is that filament?
How do you adjust the bpm?
Isn't that like what a player piano uses?
Doesn't a player piano already do this?
Is this still about that marble macine? It has been years since the last time i wacthed them
isnt that what a torque converter does?
Is this like one of those fake energy videos or what???
didnt old autoplay piandos use a suction transmission to regullate the imput to a set speed for the sheet music?
Instead of gears why not use the viscosity of a fluid to transfer torque? I think cars use it if I don't remember incorrectly to control the spin of wheels from different sides for turning (left vs right sides)
this is not a hate comment!  do you ever do research before inventing a whole thing from scratch? i feel like most of your problems are already solved, i can understand if you just NEED to do it yourself, i have the same mind, but sometimes you need to stand on the shoulders of giants
First of all a fantastic amount of effort and understanding of engineering principles.  However ask the question do humans enjoy the difference or do they prefer consistency?
But the real question is why would you want to build this? The best part of music is the small imperfections that make it human.
Is this what you call a "Music Engineer" ?
is this an analog full bridge rectifier
Is this guy Devin Townsend’s brother?
How did he do that without ones and zeros?
What is this nonsense
Why didn't you just use pneumatic regulator like they used for the timing in those old self-playing pianos?
So just another 10 years for Marble Machine X2? 😂
Why do you look like that junkie from Breaking Bad? The guy Walter confronted about buying the wrong stuff to make meth?
No one think that uneven may be the machine music soul ?
Is this just a crappy drum machine or am I missing the beat
Is this basically a filtering circuit?
ARE YOU LEADING OR ARE YOUR TRAILING
anyone remember when he made music...?
How much useable kinetic energy is lost to all of these intervening contraptions?
What happened to you?
Where do the bike chains go?
I would like to know how did you make the gears? The material, and how, they're double helical! Why not single helical as of the shaft?
You also get those earbuds in to?
Have you checked into old ragtime piano mechanisms ? I think they have a built-in mechanical regulator to play the song at cobstant rate even with a variable human power input ;)
Can we be friends?  You accomplished one of my life goals already.  I want to copy your homework to proceed with my ideas.
Have you solved the problem? Go look at old self playing pianos, the problem has already been solved, note all mechanics u are using have already been done genius
What is this?
So the original video was fake then? Or, "edited" as suspected?
Is this a full bridge rectifier?😃
Hand crank car is now possible?
Ever thought of just loading a washer machine incorrectly? Much easier I think
So you're going to all this effort to make a music machine but you want it to run like a quantized daw? I saw the point of making a human powered organic machine but when you take all the variability out of it... Computer that you wind.. I don't get it?
The king engine?
Is this thing still going on
cant a computer do this?
I’m sorry did someone make a flint stone powered car engine?
What does victory taste like?
But isn't it the human element that made the marble machine song so unique?
"Youman"? What's a YOUMAN?
adapted a flyball governor to it eh? that's different.
Why not an energy storing spring or weight and an escapement mechanism like a mechanical watch ?
Why so complicated? You just need to store and release energy. Basically what a common capacitor does. Not so difficult to do that mechanically.
Wouldnt it be simpler if you just spun something to charge a battery, and then it spun a motor off of that? Maybe thats missing some nuance
but isnt it a bit more pleasing to human ears to have just a little bit of deviation in music? like how it feels more natural and pleasant to listen to a song played by humans rather than a song thats just continuously perfect inputs?
Wouldn't a pressurized mechanism have been much easier, smaller and with less moving parts, meaning less energy wasted? Use the human power to fill a pressurized container, the air releasing from the container at a steady rate no matter how unevenly you are filling it, would allow you to control the timings.  This is the principal of those ancient western saloon automatic pianos.
...  a human rectifier?
What about just making the actuator hydraulic? Each press would send equal pressure to both wheels without all the additional gears.
I wonder how long it will take for Martin to realize that plywood is not good enough and ditch it entirely...
Dude where does this thing go…. Your garage? Where do people keep these contraptions 😂
So, an overly complicated metronome?
So is it like a cvv transmission?
Why did I feel like taking off my clothes when you were looking at me in the beginning? I’m a straight, married 45yo dude and that was the seductive thing I’ve seen in YEARS. Also, awesome machine!
Bro, you’re still working on this???
Wait- is this for cars or drums?
I wonder if this is how they engineered watches back in the day. This looks like an oversized Rolex internals.
This guy still working this machine? Bruh 💀👏👏
...was a torsion spring too difficult? There seem to be a lot of extra points pieces here, and Im not sure why.
okay.  awesome.   well done.  i have a question though!!!!   why?   you thinking about getting some slaves or what?
This mad bastard is still at it?
What is the mechanism that he made and is using with his hands?  Interested in that style of kinetics 😁
But what will you use it for..?
Boy if you keep this up you're going to build a wooden synthesizer pad.... How many years are you planning on doing this? It was cool at first but what's the end goal?
These already existed though?
Have you finally abandoned this stupid Musk guy as your mentor? Are you back to craft and art? That would be great. I stopped watching you after your video where you wanted to do what musk said. I always hoped you get over it
Like a giant clock right?
Pardon my unintelligent question, but wouldn't that be a good bike pedal?
Mech Engineers please explain, is that a fly-wheel?
Isn't that similar to the transmissions old foot pedal vacuum pump player pianos used to even out the playing speed regardless of how quickly the the user was pumping?
What in the wind turbine gearbox is this shit😂
Is that a transmission?
Oh my god… all this time…. It’s really been that long?
Shall we EDM producers tell him the flaw or shall we stay silent about this?
Ever heard of a flywheel?
How did the old automatic piano players that used bellows and air keep time?
Can someone explain me in french please
Does taking so much of the human element out take away from the art? Where is that line?
This is cool and all, but didn't this technology basically exist already in old player pianos?
wtf I watched?😅
What about the mechanism in the player piano, that evens out the input speed so that no matter how fast someone is pumping the machine it plays at the correct speed?
Isn't all the mechanics you need basically the same as a weight clock(coo coo clock)?
i was just watching something about an old player piano that did this on its own I wonder how they did it?
What is the spinny balls thing (the governor) doing for the setup? I understand all the others - flywheels serve as inertia that smooths speed/torque variations, the weight serves as speed independent energy storage (Whereas a flywheel does change speed with input variation, just slower), but the governor...?!
How about the human operates a water pump into an upstream reservoir which feeds a downstream turbine. As long as the turbine has a minimum head, it will always spin at a standard rate. The reservoir will absorb excesses of head and compensate for shortages.
Couldn’t you also feed the torque input into a spring with a fine ratcheting mechanism, then output through a gear reduction to get a fixed speed?
ok but could you do this on a smaller scale? say, small enough to fit in your hand and be powered by one finger?  you could make a music box that is never out of time
Governors are usually connected to something that provides negative feedback, responding to a change in RPM - the pitch of a propeller blade, the spark ignition mechanism in a gasoline engine, a throttle valve. Quite curious about what it's doing here.. some sort of brake, perhaps?
What is the power output compared to input energy? compared to lose to even out the power output?
What if you just changed your gear ratio to actually be 1/8th notes as you pedal
We have charming Europeans with the kind of autism that's like this but for green technology right?  Cause if not we're fuct, but also have this machine:
What is the built in bass for ?
what's a juman/euman?
Why not jusint just a motor?
So a human powered motor?
But isn't the slight inconsistencies what gives it character?
Why not use bellows it what’s they use for the piano playing machines, much easier than this
Since the shaft spins at a constant RPM, how do you intend to adjust the tempo? Will you have something to adjust the output speed based on your needs?
If you remove all of the human factors from your music, are you really making music anymore?  Also, how many lifetimes are you going to spend, designing and re-designing and over-engineering the joy and wonder out of what you did perfectly, the first time?!  😢
Does hyperbolic in this sense mean one to take shortcuts?
I wonder who funds this guy because he looks like the poster child for USAID
Didn't old school clocks that operated on falling weights have something that did this? Forgot the name of the particular... gear.
Doesn’t an auto playing piano already have a mechanism for this?
Where is the music... Loved the first one.. it is my ringtone. Waiting for the next one.
Man, this guy is still milking this?
So the future of captchas???
I just saw an old timey piano that auto played using a vacuum, it seemed it solved this problem, but maybe with air it's easier?
Isnt that set-up kinda like what the automatic pianos used to smooth out the use of the foot pedals? I saw the gay baking dude putting his piano together and he mentioned a piece that did this. It looked like a smaller version
Oh god this is still going? Haven’t seen a marble video in years. I had assumed he was done with the machine but it looks like he is still milking the views.
Didnt player pianos already solve this?
But didn't they solve this problem in the 1800s for self-playing pianos?
It's very impressive but isn't that why live music sounds so much better than a recording? The inconsistency, the feel of the moment, the band reacting to each other or even how the individual might feel a note should've been sang or played? Still though brilliant work! I loved your work for years now and it's still so impressive to me. Thank you🙏🏾
What about a machine that amplifies imprecise power inputs so it can show that even electric motors aren't perfect?
How many more years will this project take.
How many years have I been watching this? Still love it
Am i the only non innocent one?
But can it play Doom?
I wonder your mechanical energy losses are compared to AC to DC conversion? Hmmmmm interesting machine  🧐
Is this the same technology used in old-timey piano rolls?
How do you make money to where you can just work on this for 8 years?
Just wondering..could this be aplied to some sort of tiles on a sidewalk and produce steady stream of electricity? For street lights or something🤷‍♂️
Don’t player pianos have a mechanism that does this so the paper spool doesn’t go too fast or too slow?
Isn't part of what gives music it's soul the slight imperfections of the human involvement?  Don't get me wrong, I love this and I think it's an incredible marvel of engineering.  I'm here for this project 100%, but I fear the pursuit of perfection might lose some of the magic.
So the fella spent 8 years on an overengineered metronome???
Isn't this what an escapement in a watch is for? No matter how slow or fast the system goes, the pallet keeps it ticking at the right rate
OMG, it's a fucking mechanical PID How?
full bridge rectifier?
I assume it's a similar system that's used in vintage self playing pianos that work, with the person alternating the pedals while sitting on the bench? They have it running through a governor/gear setup that makes it to it doesn't matter if you're running a marathon or (kind of) casually alternating the pedals, the drum still rotates the correct tempo.
Why is this underrated?
didn't they solve this problem with the player piano 100 years ago already?
I love the dedication, *BUT* at what point are you no longer building a machine to solve a problem, but rather creating problems to build a machine?
So a constant force mechanism? Remontoire
Is this also how a player piano works?
Basically like a mechanical watch movement? Load energy into a spring (or springs) which will release energy at a controlled rate using some form of escapement.
where is Adam Savage?
isnt that slavery with extra steps?
CAn I use this design and try to make a working flying machine with it? Or you think its just too heavy already
So you copied an old time piano that plays music automatically and does this identical task of converting uneven input into even output 100 years ago?
are we actually get a marble machine song 2? or is this slowly becoming an never ending cycle of improving?
Didn't old pneumatic player pianos have a system that made sure the music roll was pulled through in an even tempo?
But the unevenness is like the human element of music? I wouldn’t want all music to be made by machines.
Rather than scissor pedals, wouldn’t bike pedals be easier to use while operating the machine? Would use fewer, simpler parts too
But a simple snail spring wouldn't do that ?
maybe this is what you want but the more human you take out of your machine the more i cant help but question "why not just do everything digitally?"
The beauty of your first machine was the fact that it just worked. Now you are trying to make something that I think even you don't know what it is. Are you trying to make a music playing machine or just wasting time with experimentations on perfecting specific parts of a machine that will never be ready because of this constant and eternal upgrading???