You know, if man landed on the moon, why have we never gone back??? Food for thought.
Are they ( leaffans) blaming samsonov? Lolllllll lolllll lollllllll blame the 44millions 4x core shit clowns who just play for stats points instead of winning a championship
why not give 	Petruzzelli a try? can't be worse than Sammy and he's only a year younger than Woll
What happened to Domi?  He seemed to be highly touted as a prospect?
Had there ever been a team that's  had 9 scored against them, then went out and scored 9 the next game?! Only the Sabres 🙃
"honey what you want for Christmas?" "The leafs just got crushed this is going to be my most viewed video of the season, diamond earrings, new car maybe" Steve to his wife, probably.
What happened to the Leafs recently?  Just look at the salaries being tossed around in pro baseball and soccer.
Youtube's algorithm is a dark and twisted thing... it hasn't recommended an LFR in, like *months* and then this.  Here's a question: has there been a Maple Leafs goaltender - other than CuJo - that the Leafs haven't totally broken?
your r33t4d exaggerated faces .....  was that you behind the camera in the Senate chambers last week...?
LFR means what?
The Leafs record against the bottom teams has been absolutely horrific in the past ten years and I really would like the players to offer an explanation as to why? It is inexcusable.
How do you not drop f-bombs the whole video??
how is this video not called “bonkers mcnutz”?
What does LFR stand for?
Do the Leafs just play badly vs Buffalo in general?!
Can the Leafs use the EBUG??!!! David Ayres???😉
can you fine players for that performance?
What about the 2 short handed goals... good grief.  Would Antii Ranta off waivers be a solution? I'm done with Sammy. Jones for me is an ok back up but,  we haven't had a decent number one goalie in a long time... you need one in the playoffs.
Why does my generation get this soy boy and the last one got Don Cherry?
why is the leafs only option if Sammie and Jones fail, Hildaby?. Could they not turn to Petrizzelli or another young goalie in their system?. Also why is it assumed Hildaby will struggle if he gets called up?. I mean yes that is a possibility but there is also the possibility that he comes up and be lights out and does not relinquish the NHL again. Not saying that will happen but you should not assume that calling him up is a bad thing or it will slow or mess up his development. Yes the goalie situation is crap right now but why not give him a chance. It is not like he could do any worse then Sammie right now.
Why are they bad against bad teams?
What happened with Steve’s hat pick and dang-it’s?
Why is this a surprise, in the past 8 games with Sabres the Leafs have lost 6
Did The leaf’s take Samsonov to arbitration? If so did he watch the Leafs’ video presentation package slagging him as a piece of shit garbage goalie at the arbitration hearing… this is a no no for emotionally motivated or sensitive NHLers…. It is well known that players are advised not to watch this or to attend the hearing as the teams just slag and destroy and make the players look bad to try to win their case for a lower contract amount…. Just wondering…. Cause his confidence seems shot…. Thoughts Steve?
Sammy sucks, Jones sucks, bad goalies or bad defense?  Seems to be D is the common denominator here
13:43 Although I could SWEAR they used to stop the season from Christmas eve to Jan 1 for the WJC? I have memories of there literally being no NHL hockey during the Christmas break (Dec 24 to Jan 1) but it was replaced by the WJC which is why they did so well ratings wise?
Can someone just tell me why we didn't pull Jones and put the Zamboni driver in net?.....or Carleton?.....or anyone that can stop a puck?
Who wants to go  to Dangle' house for New Years and play the fart game?  Please bring your best!❤
When are you going to get back to doing Dang-its? I mean maybe there are some copyright issues with the name, but I really miss those videos.
more play without puck back to defense zone?
more defense zone in first period, more neutral zone in second period, more offense zone in third period?
Why doesn't any of the blame go to Sheldon Keefe? From his dumb line changes, to his style of hockey, and does he even teach these guys how to play defense? Maybe change is needed to get these guys motivated and to play with some what consistency.
Is it just me but does the leafs play worst with Mathew’s in the line up. Also what is it with the stupid passes. Look at the game they blew out Pittsburg they played straight up hockey no fancy bullshit. Without Mathew’s.
The leafs play six of their next 8 against sens, sharks, blue jackets and ducks. How certain are we to talk out of those six games with a .500 record at best? Would really be nice if they found away to just win against teams they should and bank some points
What is it at Christmas time the Leafs go into a slump? Maybe too much eggnog.
Getting ready for the playoffs already?
How many of those goals were leafy Steve? Also known as Bad Defense. LGR
How bad is your team's goaltending when you actually miss Campbell who in the AHL right now. LOL
Ohhh but what about Austy Matwos?? Isn’t that the best the laughs have to offer??
how can you be so happy one day when they win 7-0 a few days ago and then so upset when they lose 9-3 ....  how about seeing that there are days like these .. especially if within a week.   It sucks but ... ..anyway you need to make a video right.
Couple of questions..  1: can mental weakness/injury be put on ltir? 2 : what's Matt Murrays phone #?
Why are we hanging on to Nolander still ?
Worst loss since 9-2 loss to Nashville?
Do you do hat picks anymore?
Is this the same team that lost to a  zamboni driver?
One last question...how is this a playoff team?
When was the Nashville 9-2 video? 😂😢😂😢
Yep same old D and G problems. Which of the top 4 is getting traded to solve this?
Going to ask the same question everyone asked of the Pens after the 7-0....  Should the Leafs Rebuild and trade Matthews and Marner to a real contender?
"Contrabute"? Busty one-legged busty woman.
You think the leafs goaltending is bad? The Oilers would be 8+ games above .500 if they got .900 save percentage every game. On the dot. They can’t get a goalie who can do it for half the games he starts.
Campbell-Samsonov switcheroo??? Harakiri, or best solution possible.
Samsonov was gruesome. As a Sabres fan, I was shocked when Greenway’s mild wrister went by him so easily. I doubt he could’ve held a 4-0 lead.  We spoke just like Steve after Tuesday. What I wonder is, would Buffalo have won in convincing fashion tonight (even w/ our actual lineup finally back together) playing anyone else BUT the Leafs (or Boston, another big rival?)   Because I sure as hell ain’t betting good money on Saturday being a barn-burner against the Rangers. When they win just TWO in a row again, and start winning more often than twice a week, then I’ll say okay the bad, bad stretch is over.
Can we get Garmin to sponsor these videos so we can get health monitor as he does the video. I know people watch more when leafs lose but this guy is in shreds after this one.
What’s the Zamboni driver doing?  Maybe he’s available? 😂
don't the Leafs always lose down in Buffalo?
If the leafs turn up on 23rd… could be the best 3 team match up going   CBJ 9-4 Sabres Sabres 9-3 Leafs Leafs 9-2 CBJ ??
Didn’t Campbell have like one monster month and sub-.900 the rest of his Leafs tenure?
not enough time between games or too much time between games?
As a Hurricanes fan I empathize with your goaltending woes.  We're trying to figure out if we're going to ride Kochetkov until Andersen returns in January (maybe?) or if we're about to start Yaniv Perets...who has been playing in the ECHL.  The ECHL. We don't even have a goalie in the AHL we can call up.
Where do we see Toronto having good goalie depth??? LOL not for a single second over the past10+ years they have a goalie that's capable of winning a cup.
Okay. this is a me thing! But playing: Should I? LEAVE! over and over again is the greatest thing i've found today.
Lol... Miss Joseph Woll yet?  They're going to have a Coronation for him when he returns!!!
Wow stoping the intro when was the last time that happened?
Is Mackenzie Blackwood available?
Next Game is against Columbus .So same thing ? Or get up ?
How the hell do the Buffalo Sabres beat the Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs but get their earth salted by the Coyotes and Blue Jackets?  This team makes me want to cry. Usually I can say "at least we have the Bills," but...
Did 1st year as a Blue Jay Yusey Kikuchi start in goal??🎉
Wtf are the leafs right now?
If the Leafs are thinking big, they need to answer the question of whether Sammy is the goalie to take them to the promise land. Leafs need to do everything in their power to give him more confidence. There’s no other options. You paid him 3.5m, you gotta trust that he’ll figure it out. Is Sammy going to be the guy to steal a bunch of playoff games and shut out top teams? I don’t know.
Why do you think washington gave up on samsonov because the guy is a head case there is something wrong with him.
What is an LFR?
Lifeblood of the league? 🤔 How do you figure?
Columbus drops 9 on Buffalo, Buffalo drops 9 on the leafs, the leafs drop 9 on Columbus..?
...but what about Gawd's gift to hockey?  Wasn't he good?
Do you think the Leafs can trade for Gibson with Samsonov to solve their goalie woes
Is this like the loss to the preds?
Where does this rank in the worst losses in the Matthews Era? Here’s my list: 1 David Ayres game 2 2019 Game 7 vs Boston 3 2021 Game 7 vs Montreal 4 2022 Game 4 vs Tampa 5 7-1 vs Scranton Penguins 6 This game Did I forget any?
“Who’s backing up Jones?” Well.. you do have that 42 year old Zamboni driver who ALREADY works for you.. he’s undefeated!
So what's worse, this or the 9-2 Nashville game?