Only theoretically,is tapu fini if added a counter?
How about giving it the Zacian/Zenta treatment and having it only break through screens/protect (and maybe even debuffs) only once
So should i evolve my kubfu into water?
I have a question please someone let me know im busy person but like to finish a game i dont play online against others just the game itself and was going to buy full dex for pokemon home i dont want to buy every game just got back into pokemon and trading seems a long wait for certain pokemon especially legends needed for complete dex will i get ban if i buy the full pokemon home dex ?
Do you think the legends league should get rework?
How would you feel if Protect stopped becoming a move and instead became an option to select like change, run, and bag? Keep the fail rate for consecutive uses and everything. Just have it be a standard mechanic across the board rather than a tradeoff for a moveslot.
Suggestion: What if it ONLY crits when hitting a pokemon through protect?
Has anyone tried shell armor goodra? I think it can get a nice resist and it is immune to crits.
Incineroar jump scare when?
Anyone else feel like Urshifu REALLY should've been a restricted pokemon?
Would changing Urshifu’s ability to also not allowing itself to use protect make it a bit more manageable?
which game is this
8:20 is that the bakugan battle brawlers theme !?
What if Urshifu’s signature moves were the only part hit through protect???
Is the bgm music from the bakugan game????
Isn't there pokemon that negate critical damage? Isnt there also a move that remove the ability for critical hits? I wonder how that would apply. 😅😊I love your videos, by the way!
what about increasing evasiness+tailwind?
Anybody know the name of the bee pokemon at 1:49?
Why does he say “Tornaadus”  Like it’s just tornado with a few litters swapped at the end
12:25-12:30 plus STAB so wouldn't it be 150?
Why is it legal again?
Why pronounce it tornahdus when it’s based of the word tornado bruh
Who do u hate more urshifu or sneasler
Remember when sand veil Garchomp was the most despised but overused monster in the game? When every team centered around Garchop/counter or counter/counter counter? When dragon rush was the most absurd move for a such a powerful yet "legal" monster?  Too young? What about when Thunderous was the most absurd legal Pokemon, to the point it immediately destroyed the Assist Liepard Darkrai strategy?
If you could change everything, what should Competetive Pkmn looks like?
Wolfey what is the animation in the beginning of the video from?
What about Jellicent? It has water absorb and is ghost type, therefore meaning it is immune to fighting and water
What about pellaper
Whats next, bst 680 wonderguard fairi-dragon?
Wouldn’t the first real experiment on breaking protect be gen 4, with introduction of Feint and Shadow Force?
It would be interesting to make a certain type completely immune to unseen fist or something. Orrr maybe just make amorphous pokemon like Muk immune to fighting type moves? Like punching muk makes no sense to me
I'm a noob when it comes to competitive but would a move like fly work as a counter?
I guess more abilities like neutralizing gas can help?
Who handles the bans for VGC, is it gamefreak, nintendo (complete noob here btw)? If its an independent body surely they can just ban it?
Does shadow force also go through protect? I understand it’s way worse, but it’s still the case, and i figured could be worth mentioning.
Why dont they just ban the two bear variants and Gholdengo from competetive? It feels like entire teams are built around countering one pokemon.
Nerf unseen fist to only activate if screens/veil are up?
Why is it Urshifu dark's signature reminds me of black flash from jujutsu kaisen X-x
Nail in the koffing?
Are we going to get a pokémon that will redirect damage?
How to balance Urshifu: don't let it use protect
Wouldn’t having ability mummy or simple beam also help counter?
I haven’t played Pokémon in a long time but am really thinking about getting back into it. Would physically defensive with some hp and maybe SpA invenstment lanturn be a viable counter to this thing?
Is... is that Bakugan Battle Brawlers music I hear?
wait Urshifu is a legendary ?????
8:29 thought we wouldn’t notice you using Bakugan music in Pokémon video?
Can someone clip the mental issues/fist through computer part. That needs to be memed
Have you ever thought of a Pokemon with the mummy ability? It could get rid of Urshifus ability and you could even use a weak move to get mummy on both of your pokemon to stop its ability via a trade or not switching out a tanky pokemon with good defence EVs and defence boosting nature
Why don't they just make the first strike have the guaranteed strike and the other 2 are subject to natural rate??
shouldn't regieleki be a good counter due to speed, spatk and typing?
Why not just ban Urshifu from VGC?
No ones talking about the "NAIL IN THE COFFING" joke?? Really?
05:00 HOLY FUCK IS THAT A MOTHERFUCKIN YAKUZA OST???
Would it help to add another drawback to Unseen Fist? Like imagine the quarter damage reduction on all protection breaking attacks?
I feel like a nerf to unseen fist could help out vgc. Maybe give it a 50% chance?
am not an expert, but aren't ghost type pokemons the key to Urshifu, since they cant get hit with physical moves ?
how would an always-crit move like Flower Trick or Surging Strikes interact with a Pokemon with the ability Shell Armor (can't be hit by Critical Hits)? Would you just get a "But it failed" or would Urshifu just muscle his big bear pawwy way through that too?
Avoiding a video on palworld?
What about elctrode
Use wheezing hint at the end?
Fam that thumbnail is too sick , any chance we can use that for our wallpaper???
@WolfeyVGC can you coach me?
Would a drought chloraphyl combo do anything? I'm sure there are better pokemon for it, but drought ninetails with heat-rock or a scarf to hit a will-o-wisp before it goes down, and chloraphyl Leafeon with leafblade and assault vest.  Or those gems or whatever that lower the damage of super effective moves?  I don't battle. I'm just a curious dumbass.
what do you think about a team of protect breakers, i was able find 5, Urshifu, Hoopa-Unbound, Giratina, Iron Boulder, Dudunsparce
Why unseen fist doesn't do like 1/4 of damage if hits through a protection? Like Parental Bond that was nerfed in this way
Waiti... Am i wrong or there Is a Song from Bakugan game for PS2?
3:35 wait, wasn't Gamefreak first attempt at ignoring protect, was in the diamond, pearl and platinum series, with Giratina's signature move shadow force????
What about detect when u talking about moves like protect
I’m trying to learn VGC rn - does Weezing and its neutralising gas stop urshifu?
was there ever a mon that was exclusive to say the third game in a gen emerald, platnum, etc?  i would say that is also then pay to win whether it was a "meta" mon or not
Would running a Koffing be a worthwhile counter or is it terrible in the current meta?
What about Dragapult, infiltrate
Why are you playing this Palword rip-off
I wonder if competitive Pokémon could take a page from competitive Yo-Kai Watch. In YKW yokai have ranks ranging from E to S, and in competitive play, you're not allowed to just bring all S ranks, out of your six yokai, only two can be S rank, only 2 can be A rank. A possible way of working this into Pokémon could be to give players total base stat limits, where their team cannot surpase a set limit. Maybe also only letting players bring one legendary (including both lesser like Zapdos/ Urshifu and major like Mewtwo/ Zacian). I know this isn't really a fix for Urshifu, but I thought it'd be a neat idea to share.
While not as strong as Storm Drain, what about any of the Water Absorb Pokemon as checks to Urushifu like Ogerpon or Clodsire?
Don't burns halve even critical hit damage?
Rapid-strike Urshifu being guaranteed a crit through Protect is a gimmick too many. Break Protect? Okay. Guaranteed crit? Less okay, but still okay. But both? Too much. You gotta outspeed and OHKO and that's basically all you can do.
What is this, a pal world rip off?
Would battle/shell armor be a decent answer? By not allowing urshifu to crit that helps manage a lot of it circumventing stat reduction. Iron barbs/rough skin with a rocky helmet would also be pretty punishing but would almost have to be a hard read switch in
is that music i hear Aquos arena from bakugan battle brawlers wii? 😭
They could nerf Unseen Fist by making Urshifu unable to use protect. Would this be good?
I think that using endure would work because you would yake the three hits and sit at one hp. The issue is chip damage. Also does wonderguard work?
Question: What happens with Gouging Fire? It's Fire Dragon type, so it takes neutral damge from Urshifu, and its signature move is basically protect but it burns you on contact (no idea if it just happens once, or if it accumulates); so basically, Urshifu hits it, and not only doesn't do as much damage as would've been prefered, but also gets burned, making it more vulnerable to other attacks, maybe Amoonguss', for example. Also, aside from obviously Amoonguss, you could pair it with Gastrodon, to increase your survivability.
How do you recommend getting into the Pokémon competitive
Why is death of puss and boots everywhere, even in this Pokemon video xD.
wym it shouldn't work, is not even the most complex esport?
Really? You’re talking about Urshifu counters and you didn’t mention Weezing?
19:03 Is that the proper way to pronounce Tornadus? I've always pronounced it as "Tor-nay-dus", not "Tor-naah-dus"
Genuine question: Is Urishufu worse than Dracovish? I feel like Draco has many more counterplay options around and isn't nearly as versatile, yet people still treat it like a nightmare boogeyman when this whole video makes a similar case for a currently legal pokemon
What if gastrodon terra ghost?
does shell armor or battle armor work?
How about neutralizing gas weezing as counter?  It will disable his ability and his fighting moves are ineffective.
What about a Pokemon with Shell Armour and high defence like Cloyster, or Hisuian Goodra or something?
I'm not good at all with competitive Pokémon, but could a possible play against Urshifu were to use Switcheroo and swap whatever item Urshifu has with something like a Toxic Orb or a Lagging Tail for example, or no?
What about Neutralizing Gas or a fast Skill Swap/Entrainment?  Or how about Worry Seed from a Hisuian Electrode?
How about something like Gastro Acid or Mold Breaker?
"Is this Pokemon Ruining the Game?" No, it isnt. This pokemon ruins competitive. The game is just fine.
Doesn't presence of hisuian electrode in the team make it difficult for urshifu or provide better support ? It can always go boom in a 2v2, a format  now where using protect is not as straight forward or simply take away quarter HP while dying to contact move. Considering base stats alone, a choice scarfed Urshifu would still not outspeed an electrode.
what about counter? if there was a pokémon tanks enough to live a hit, and then knew counter, it would do a lot of damage and maybe k.o. just guessing but i kinda want someone to test the theory.
What about weezing and neutralizing gas
What about raging bolt ?
What would you think about a pick and ban phase for tournaments it would help make every tournament unique
Argh, that whistle... chills!  I wonder if Wolfey thinks there is scope for a change in the VGC format? No Legendaries? More Pokemon on a team roster? Some form of a draft? Full team matches? Anything? If so, would be interesting to hear.
Why would a lot of variables make you think it shouldn't work competitively?  People always just gravitate towards a fairly small range of Meta Mons, 95% of the mons never see use and that is sad   I wish they could figure out a way to widen the Meta in Pokemon games
Doesn't iron boulder have a move that goes through protect?
Was the 'koffing' pun intended because of neutralising gas? Or am I looking too far into this
What if they released a move that guarantees evasion? It would defend against most moves including protection bypassing moves and would get hit by those that bypass accuracy checks. I think that would be interesting in teambuilding
so, except for the obvious, like reducing the power of its signature move, would it work to just slightly change its ability? Like, turn it into a "may hit through protect" and make it  like a 50/50 chance or even less to hit. Also I think it would be funny if only Non-stab moves would be efected by the ability, but that is just a wild thought. I am speaking as a person with 0 competitive knowledge, so please leave your opinion
8:03 IS THAT BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS MUSIC???????????????????????
Wolfey, do you think Pranster is a too OP ability ?  My personal opinion is a big YES because imagining that before you can do anything, your opponent can do anything like setting up the weather / tailwind or encoring, taunting, paralysing your Pokemon.  Therefore, the ability should be nefted by also increasing the priority of the opponent Pokemon status moves, Pokemon with the ability are not allowed to carry any held item or at least make Taunt effect still work until the end even after the taunted Pokemon switched out.
Does Gastro Acid or neutralizing gas work on Urshifu's ability?
WAIT is the background music from bakugan ps2 game?
Who did you lose to that inspired this video, Wolfey? Who hurt you???
Where is the animation from the first few secs of the video from
I don't know, I always thought Protect was overpowered, I mean, 100% protection without downsides? If anything Urshifu is Protect 1st real counter play.  If Urshifu is to be nerfed, Protect needs to be nerfed too, 100% damage negation without downsides for a whole turn is wack no matter how you look at it.
What if unseen fist also worked for the opponent? Like no guard , urshifu can’t benefit from protect whether it’s a physical or special move, it  would actually make this broken ability somewhat worse and make urshifu actually commit to being a glass canon
Are URSHIFU ruining the METAGAME??
not just him but yeah iron boulder is worse but still broken. also it flat out doesn't work as one rng is in it, in chess can a pawn randomly get to move 3rd space?
Do you think Iron Boulder will remotely compare in terms of breaking the game with its signature attack also breaking though protect?
Wtf why is HG and SS so low on the sales?!? They are two of the best Pokemon games ever, seriously am I misunderstanding something??
Am I the only one who thinks Urshifu could be tweaked to still hit through protect, but with reduced damage?  You could also allow it to hit through protect either once per time on the field or once per battle.  I like the idea of Urshifu conceptually, but it could be weakened to better balance it.
Yo, why is Spidops catching strays out here? Leave that little spider alone.
Rocky helmet neutralising gas weezing could work? But it’s gimmicky
Wouldn't Ogrepon: Teal Mask be a great counter to Urshifu: Rapid Strike? It's faster and can 1 hit KO it with Ivy Cudgel if I'm not mistaken. I also don't think the Wellspring Mask would be a bad option either with Water Absorb.
That a Bakugan theme?!
Anyone else notice the subtle chess nods in the last couple videos?
Doesn’t Raging Bolt’s high special attack alongside the move thunderclap and Urshifu’s low special defense at least counter urshifu rapid strike?
How good is Neutralizing Gas on Weezing at dealing with Urshifu?
Why on earth is Urshifu not a resteicted mon? Sounds like it would be a lot more balanced just by vurtue of competing with Kyogre
I get the idea of Unseen Fist, Urshifu is supposed to be a master of physical combat and is so skilled that you can't defend against his attacks. However, it seems just a little too much for the game, so couldn't they just change it that it can still go through Protect, but the damage is reduced?
Why don’t you just use Urshifu? Its your fault if you put yourself at a disadvantage
Possible Solutions: Nerf Urshifu’s HP, Attack, Speed? Nerf Unseen Fist Nerf down Surging Strikes from 25 to 20-15 damage. — or even nerf the damage to be weaker as it hits from 1-2-3 (less damage each attack).
Is that the bakugan battle brawlers aquos arena soundtrack?
What if you used role play or skill swap with speed deoxys or mew/mewtwo? Something to change his ability. I'm not a competitive player but that's what I would think could help? Edit: Lugia would be a better example because you could have tailwind, recover/substitution, and a fourth move.
the punching moves category already exists and would exclude Close Combat… Why doesn’t unseen FIST work only on punching moves???
Question, can u use the Urshifu that comes in the Indigo Disk for competitive?
Are you strong because you have unseen fist or do you have unseen fist because you’re strong?
How about if urshifu hits through a Pokémon using protect it leaves him stunned for 1 turn by having to break someone’s defense, needing to recover.
Isn't the new Pokemon Raging Bolt a natural counter to Urshifu? Surprised it didn't get a mention
What about endure? As niche as that option is
8:45 IS THIS FROM BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS ON THE WII???
I wonder what a tournament would look like thats exactly same as Reg F but no urshifu allowed
does weezing work as a counter?
Why is no one taling about the pollywirl that tryed to learn unseen finst but got yeated XD
Y not ban this shit?
Final nail in the 'koffing'? is Wolfey teasing something?
What if Unseem Fist did partial damage through protect in Gen 10, like say 50% of it's base power. That might help it's ability mean something without being broken or overcentrlaizing
what if they made Urshifu itself unable to learn Protect or Detect?
Why dont they just Ban Urshifu? Seems logical
Does covert cloak stop ursis crits?
how to balance urshifu Step 1: give other pokemon surging strikes
What about Raging Bolt, Thunderclap and Electric/Stellar Tera Type? Maybe not a great option for switching in while Urshifu is on the field, but great if already on the field
Why don’t they just ban Urshifu at this point?
Koffing?!   Great video. Nice production, good script.
When they added tyranitar to Pokémon unite they make it totally ignore shields that is acceptable but when they added urshifu they make it ignore a certain part of the shield like what is it logic? And also Wolfe I know you wanna play unite after hearing they added urshifu metagross and the most legendary Pokémon magikarp also 🙃🙃
Is that the bakugan music from the Wii game around 9:00?
can you leave the moves/abilities on the screen a bit longer... really annoying if i immedaite pause, and still miss it
Why isn’t Urshifu just banned from vgc?
Who did the Urshifu behind a cracked screen background? One of your editors? Or was it commissioned?
Is it weird for me to know where this music is from at the start of 8:03?
Nail in the Koffing? Really?
But what if water absorb jellicent?
1:04 ....what do you mean nearly?
Curious... would urshifu be absolutely amazing in Smash?
What if they just built Protect into the game as a Defend command or something? If your gonna make it teachable to every mon, might as well save us the move slot
What about Raging Bolt?
Honest question: wouldn't pokemon be better if all legendaries and mythical pokemons were banned? I mean, there is plenty of mons to work with and it seems every meta has the same top legendaries and other supporting cast around it. Have they ever tried to go without those pokemons that have broken stats and abilities?
Does Wolfy know that Insinaroar is back
Is that the bakugan aquos arena theme from the nds I hear at 8:05 ?
What is this spidops slander? Leave my boy alone
Wait am I first?