where are the supporters videos
So looking at the photos, Why are the signs turned toward the camera? Why are all the phone displays showing different images?
Can you fact check that harris wants to take many of americans weapons away. I know they skipped her replying to that in the debate
They were real people but they were imported to make kalama look good. Only 15000 people.  Is that the most she can get to any of her rallies???
There was no reflection of the people that were supposedly standing there in the plane they were supposedly standing next to. Plus even if she did get that many people there can you prove she didn't pay him to come? She's paying a lot of the influencers to try to talk good about her and a lot of them were saying no and exposing her
Id like to see photos of Trump's rally crowd in Pennsylvania.  I haven't found any....why is that???
Do these rejects not think that Most of Earth has knowledge of Computers? Coding? Digital animation? Ect experience? WE KNOW THE TRUTH!
I could care less, I think we’re screwed either way. I can tell you I’m right next to the airport. I saw nothing. No traffic, no police, nothing… what’s it mean? Nothing. Typically you see something, the traffic, the police. The detail? Something.
Why is this even important? You dorks are out here worried about how many ppl support your opinion?  Just vote.
What about the reflection on the plane showing no crowds?
Then please explain her massive crowd of 100 people in Raleigh NC with a population of 477,000?
Has anyone that was there published online a real time 360° pan of the crowd?  Even one?
Simple, show an attendees video? The pic shows people with their phones out? You couldn’t get one video from a Kamala supporter that was there?
All those people were definitely there. The only question is ... WHY?
Hold on, do you mean Trump lied about something???   Well, I guess there's a first 10,000-th time for everything.
Everyone is asking, “who nominated Kamala?”  Nobody did, she was selected, not elected..
Why is Harris using AirForce2 For a personal rally?
No call letter on AF2 , then what does 80002 mean on the tailor AF 2???
They thought Eminem was going to be there for a free concert???
Where's the video? Only pics
How about verifying every claim Kamala has made… almost everything she says is false…
Why isthere no people in the reflection on the plane
So she lied about a lie?? She’s really not sitting at that White House now
How can she use government plane and money to campaign?
is that really  a question?  who about you ask 12 thousand of those "AI" people
Out Of ALL Those People There. Nobody Recorded !??  Are Her Supporters Aliens ?
What's with the BS backwards headline here?  Are you news or are you, Trump propaganda? !!!!! The crowds were real, the orange ape is a liar, and he's losing his mind over the prospect of rotting in jail ...
How many times has Donald Trump made claims and the press screamed and yelled and said that he was wrong and then later he was proved right? The press and the Democrats are dumbasses
Is it OK for her to use Air Force One to promote her campaign  the tax payer pays for this plane
Can someone pls explain Why people have enjoyed even higher food and gas prices and illegal s who drain the American tax payer every day and want even more 4 year s of it pls explain Why
With that many people there….NO ONE IN THE CROWD took photos and videos of it?? 😂😂 Because there’s NO ONE THERE!! Look at the reflection on the turbo engine….it’s an EMPTY tarmac!! 😂Mainstream media is pulling out ALL STOPS to convince people that Cameltoe has this much support 😂😂😂😂😂
Hmm what about the add on Craigslist to show up and hold signs for 15 bucks?
What about the messed up hands in the pics on TikTok huh? Just a joke the fingers looked like chicken fingers 😂😂
So why dont they have reflections. Are they vampires?
WHY TF ISN'T THERE ANY VIDEO? Is ANYONE asking this????????????????????????????????????
We should as Americans, ask ourselves, if we want a governor of Minnesota, as vp? He's lied about his service and when the city of Minneapolis was under attack by rioters and criminals, he did NOTHING, he let it burn. That's not what a person that wants to be vp of America does. His job would be to protect America. Trust and lies follow this guy everywhere. Common sense says, no to walz.
Has any of those supporters posted any video because I haven't seen any!  Looks like it could be solved if just few in attendance posted. Plenty of phones out!
Why not show the footage from the folks who allegedly recorded & streamers who streamed it then instead of stills with no audio or anything?! If you wish to prove something you gotta come with the receipts
Hmmmmmm… let’s see, should I believe the media?..or just wonder why an airport in this day and time would let a group of…. Democrats on the grounds of an airport?
Why is Trump so concerned about crowd size?? That's kinda weird.
Why so many people date pretended they want people to think there is a lot of people there and just give them time to steal the election that way they can't steal the election with the crowd of people weak she have to pay like she throw big crowds so they can cheat and steal the election
Why are Democrats paying people to support her if she has so much support??
Why are there no reflections on the planes body of the guy walking or crowd? When Vance was there, there were no crowds around the plane. Plus, people would not be allowed on the runway.
Why mainstream media NOT taking about the supreme Court, abortion, project 2025?
Can we hear about policies? That's more important than bickering over crowd size
What???  No evidence?
Why are all the comments maga?
Tell me again what they verified ? Telling me is not true is not a verification, I want to see videos.
So... why is the crowd itself not reflected in the plane's paint but the tarmac and hangars are?
Why are we reporting on nutjob Trump's ramblings ? FFS what is wrong with this country - can we just put him in jail already, and never have to report on his idiotic ramblings again.
Why is this even news 🗞️?? Nic picking Trumps choice of words is not important news . The fact you are publishing this shows just how much you care about trump .
Who said her facts are correct and why should we believe anything she said.
Yeah, right.  Where is all the angle!? You won't show them like Trump rallies show it all.
The media only want to show her stronghold states which are Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin but not the other rallies, wonder why? While Trumps rallies are in the thousands or hundreds thousands in almost every state he visits.
Why is WBIR channel 10, a station in Tennessee arguing with us about what happened in Michigan?  Michigan networks would've had news crews at the site. Show us.
Why waste time on a liar?
With no one on the roof of the hangar? That seems really odd.
Why is media entertaining this bs?
Could you verify how many cats, TAMALA has.
Do you Fact check Hunters laptop story as well ?
Why are we listening to anything Trump says anyway?
Why don't you ever fact check the continuous blatant lies from the Left?🤨
So what ? It’s  been 21 days with no press conference.
Verifying? The correct word is debunking. Why choose a title that gives the benefit of the doubt to a well documented liar? Seriously, the WaPo tracked Trump's lies into tens of thousands during his time in office and yet for some reason some people remain so stubbornly attached to his fictions that they just can't help but start lying to themselves now to pretend that he isn't the biggest liar in history.
I notice in one photo the stairs are over the planes engine. In the other photo it is in front of the engine. Just wondering…how did that happen?
Why do we even have to prove he's lying.  he always lying...
Could they be friendly or paid illegals supporting her border policy.
Why don't I believe you?
😂😂😂😂seriously? You made a video to tell it is false claim from Trump?!!Save it and go home
Why is the news even playing into Trump's nonsense. A lot of us watched the rally live. Please, News Organizations grow some Kahuna's.🙄🙄
So why wasn't it on video? 🤭
Where is the debunking Kamala’s claims video?
Is Trump afraid of the word DEFEATIST?
No way, Trump lied?
So are we done investigating the actual attempt to MURDER Trump?
Slow news day....Why don't you go verify why we have inflation sor 10+ Million of illegals that came through our southern border?.
Why  even  spend  any time investigating his  delusional claims ?
When does Trump not lie? His entire life is based on lies.
How about verifying if Harris was assigned to fixing the border crisis, she definitely took credit when it was convenient and shunned it when not. How about verifying that she was hiding Biden’s condition? How about verifying why her staff won’t stick around?  Oh yeah I’m guessing you only verify the things that fit your agenda. Those are real questions, stop hiding behind the dem’s manipulation machine.
You mean to tell me no one in the croud of 15000 people recorded it?
Why does he care about crowd sizes?!?! How is this important??? I look forward to voting for Kamala in November.
But shouldn't you have hours of video from different angles? Why just a couple still images?
Photos? Oh right!!! Photos can't be altered....can they
why werent news stations fact checking trump this whole time? some just went with it.
Why not show a clear video of the crowd and her coming out to greet it?   Just trust us that this was all captured by multiple angles while we show a half-second snippet? Why?   Make it obvious for the conspiracy theorists. Put it right in their face if it ain’t true.
Why is jd Vance and Donald Trump talking to the press but Harris is not???   Why is Donald Trump under scrutiny but not Kamala ????
Can you verify why the democrats lie so much about their criminal dealings? about why they are trying to destroy freedom of speech and why are they pro child abuse
Haha wtf is this Their GOTCHA MOMENT? LMAO.
What did Obama do for the black community???
why don't  you verifying how many true voter that Joe Biden got nationwide? LMAO
Why wasn't there a reflection on the tail wing?
Conspiracy Theory or propaganda? 🤔🤔🤔🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
If she used AI, why is Trump so rattled by her crowd size versus his crowd size?
How many active cell phones were there at that rally taking photos? Ask let’s ask Google. Oh wait Trump wants to band Google.
Why are they flying around on airforce 1 for campaigning? They should have to pay out of campaign funds to get around.
Why is there no Tail numbers in the airplane??
Did Donald Trump tell another lie. Really?
Why is it that JD Vance was there talking to the press and these pictures show people behind where he was standing. There was nobody there.
Why is everyones phone showing a different image and why are the people not reflecting off the mirror like paint scheme on the engines and fuselage?Are they all vampires?🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Was anyone able to speak to Harris without teleprompter suppport?
Can you verify your verifications?
Why were people allowed so close to the plane?
When is the media going to start fact checking him all the time. Trump can't speak without lying.  It's time we start to hold him accountable for his lies.
National polls have Trump up by 5 points.   Why is this channel stumping for Kamala?  Do they "verify" what she says too?
So where is the video? Show it.
Still, where is the supposed crowd's reflection?
How many people does these stadiums hold for Trump?? Even at 15k, comparing. Give it to them. Im duel citizenship and just dumbfounded why I keep employees here. Way more overhead but love my properties as I love to ranch.
Is Trump flying around in Epstein‘s plane?
Who else gets the poops from Taco Bell
How come if you look up "Airforce 2" the images show the numbers on the tail?
Where is the reflexion of all the people  on the plane  . I j7st took a screenshot  of your and  there was no reflection
Why would anyone believe anything Trump says? we all know he lies he told over 30,000 lies while in office
Why is Kamala hiding after she was crowned presidential nominee? Seems suspicious! Another basement campaign. Stop the steal!
Can someone link the livestream?
So why isn't there any reflection of the crowd in the paint of the plane? You can see other other things on the refection.  So it's false cause controlled AP said so... hmmm
How do you help someone you care about realize they're in a cult? Asking for 74 million friends.
Is Trump living in his basement? I don’t know.. that’s what I heard.
Notice how once Vance was announced nobody has seen George Santos?   Coincidence 🤔
Do any of you smell rotten lies from the democrat kamala tweet harris
So all of those phones and not a single video posted?
Anybody tired of these false fact checks?
How about panning out and giving an aerial view.
WHAT??????????   FELON-tRUMP LIED?????????????????
Prove it wrong?
In detroit? That heavy Democrat city?
When Pence was vice president his plane had the tail numbers on it so what's different now , who changed the rules ?
Can you please verify how poor I am after 3-1/2yrs biden harris
Verify all you want, why are we not seeing thousands of photos from the people that were there?
Why does the headline read Verifying Donald Trump's Claims. . . "?  Instead of ""Disproving Donald Trump's False Claims. . . "?
Who cares? Is that all you have?
There's no reflection of the crowd in the plane engine or body. How is that??
Why is the News Media so obsessed with everything Donald Trump says. Lets face it, HE'S NOT WELL.
Still not buying your explanation, why are there no people in the refection of the plane?
Is this a democrat funded channel? Vote VP Walz and outlaw "misinformation" Watch out Sir Copernicus. Or Kamela may put your name on the terrorist watchlist, ala TULSI GABBARD.
where is the tail # on AF2 ?
Trump does not have a once of truth telling in his body. Why listen to him ? Why ?