Didn't Picardo go off the rails and come down with the political sickness and even celebrating Charlie Kirks death?
Does this happen before or after the Voyager story Living Witness? Is this OG Doctor, or the Vaskan/Kyrian backup copy? Will the two copes meet? Will they resolve the inevitable existential crisis?  Also, more seriously, has NOTHING changes in the time between the TNG era and this time period? Look at how pretty much everything on this planet has changed since the 11th century. In this series, we appear to have species interbreeding in some form, and some superficial advances in technology, yet languages, lettering, clothes, even the education system, seem to have not shifted much from how 20th century Western Earth does things. This looks very Post Voyager, but only 10 or 15 years on. Not the time gap we’re expected to accept.
So how much were you promised to promote this crap?
More DEI Star Trek trash?  Are they really spending money on this?
Why would a Klingon mate with a gem harder?
Transporter haircuts? If the transporter can cut my hair when I beam up, what OTHER parts of my body might it decide to "trim" or do other things to?
How is the Doctor a thousand years old, when he was started after the time of Pike, and Discovery went 900+ years into the future, not 1000+
How confusing will this show be for people who did not watch Discovery or Picard?    Sandro Rosta & Karim Diane will provide some nice eyecandy.
Jesus dude, did they pay you for this? Looks like garbage to me. Calm down
Friendly suggestion that the frame shots could be in the large window and Sean in the small one? & I'm watching on a TV.
Is Nahla the captain's first name or last?
I saw leak footage of the first episode and the Doctor has a number designation, not a name. So that begs the question, is this really the Voyager doctor? Or one of his comrades?
Sorry I really want to like the news stuff, but WHY are most of the shots so brown? Why must they drown it all in this unpleasant, muddy color palette in grading?...
The captain is Tatiana’s sister?
"frame by frame" Are you trying to make it more painful than it already is?
4:13 excuse me whut?
Is that the megazorde on the desk
Is that a Night Lords book in the background?
Why do holograms age?
How can a person be half Jem Hadar ? They don’t reproduce