But what about phones?
I fail this picture test all the time. Does that make me a 🤖 robot?
But what if I am a robot?
*_Is that why captchas keep asking me to redo them a 100 times over? Because I'm too robotically efficient with my mouse work??... Am I a robot and don't know it???_* (Existential crisis begins!)
Just program your RPA to watch some pr0n every night?
So why do I get so many fails on the traffic lights/buses/bicycles etc? Am I not human?
Is this why I often fail captcha, and have to go through dozens of item selections until I get tired and frustrated?  I'm autistic, so if a box has 2mm of the traffic lights in another box, I'm selecting the box, because that's the rule, I make an effort to make my mouse movements as direct and consistant as possible, and I only browse on private. I'm also impatient, and am often looking for files, so I will go to dozens of webpages, and back out of them quickly, over and over until finding what I want. I should start shaking my cursor around before clicking the button.
Why don't they just show us hands and fingers and get us to spot the badly AI generated ones? It will actually create a feedback loop for supervised fine tuning (SFT) so the AIs will actually improve and we would be contributing to teaching them.  But ohhhh nooo! Traffic lights and crosswalks FFS! Like thats just wasting time for everyone.
How does it work on a phone haha. Like is it different since you dont move mouse
So the fact that sometimes I have to go through f'in 5 pages of traffic lights means I move like a bot?
They what now?😨
Can't a bot learn the way we move a mouse?
Why dont they allow bots? Sounds like discrimination tbh.
How does the mouse movement test work on a mobile device??
Am I crazy or is the red haired lady like 10ft tall?? Like if she stood up straight her head would touch the ceiling
It.... it does what?
What is a crosswalk?
What if you gotta touchscreen, like using your phone
what about the mobile phone?
History? That's why you should use private or incognito. Ohh wait!! Turns out Google was stealing that data too and has a lawsuit against them for it.
How about on touch screen devices
So bots cannot mimick this?
what about mobile?
What about tactile screen
So if a robot search i don't know like 18+ Vidio is google gonne know it's a robot? (I meant i just want know😅)
Wait... it sees search historys?
wait... script code on the client side can see browser history? No way.... Right?
Why do I always have 5 minutes of the fucking image test pisses me off
what about recaptcha on touch screens?
??? You can code robots to make humanize movements and not just only go into a straight lines.
So how does it track a touchscreen?
Browser history? Oh no.
Wait it tracks before?? So that’s how I sometimes AND ONLY SOMETIMES get to skip the test??
'tracks your browser history' why do normie explanations always have to be 80% false?
What about using mobile
So, why do i always fail this?
So if I develop a bot to move the cursor erratically and search rule 34 every once in a while. it'll be undetectable?
Then how about touchscreen screen? No mouse can be tracked, right? Or in this case does the pictures chap work better?
Wait, it tracks my what? oh no.....
What about tables and smart phones?
How do they prove that I am not a robot when I tick the box on my phone?
How does it work on a phone 🤔
What if im on phone?
How it works on mobile
So do they use a bot to determine if you’re a robot then? I feel like something is off with that…
How this works in smartphones then? There is no cursore movement.
Am I the only one who even checks the box with a two millimetre precision?
So what about phones?
What about phones
Its tracking ur browser history  Lol so funny  Also guys umm there are some big black trucks and guys outside my house help?
Idk what I’m doing wrong, but I always have to do like a thousand captchas? Is there a reason for that?
Browsing history? 😳 oh dear god no!
When you on your phone there is not cursor movement. Right?
What if all the history starts with an X
So what happens when i am too much of a suspect?
What about mobile it can’t track your mouse movements there
What abt touchscreen, how it see if it's a robot or not??
What about when using touch screen?
Well what about smartphone users??🤨
WHY is there no reply to any comment?
What if anyone bulid a robot to move like like a human would 👀
How do they track mouse movement when I'm on my phone?
What even is privacy
so if i never pass the test even though i do everything right does it mean my mouse is freakishly straight? @-@
Why tf would you end the video there
dont you think robot will simulator human behavior?
So the reason I fail all the captchas is because I selected too many boxes?
what about phones there are no cursor
What about touchscreens🤨
THEY EXAMINE MY WHAT?
But what if the click robot test is on a mobile phone?😮😮😮
google be like: okay, what's this history? porn sites, amazon link on buying bracelets that give powers... astrology daily, amway shopping cart.. "how to get light bulb out of my mouth".. download medical insurance free no registration.. okay no doubt, this one must definitely be a human
so potentially it can be used to hack a person google account?
If your search history consists of "where's John Connor?", you are most likely to fail CAPTCHA
What about phone , phone doesn't have a mouse
So, what will happen if I use touchscreen and my browser is on Incognito mode with a VPN,or I use Tor browser?
Does this mean I go superman mode every now and then? Sometimes I get the traffic lights and stuff only to spend 10 minutes clicking away to beat it. It has been less of an issue but does still happen time to time
What if you don't use a mouse and it's a screen touch device then what happens how will they recognise
So why does keep thinking I’m a bot? Seriously I have failed the click the box recaptchas. Apparently my search history is not human enough!?!
So if I make my Mouse spin while going to the box, I won't have to do the stupid test?
What about in mobile phone ,we just touch it
In mobile phone there's no curser then?
What about touch screens
It checks my browsing history?Ohhhh so that's why I don't get reCapchas
so how does it work on phones?  there is no mouse and cursor here
How about touch screen ?
What if you use a phone, there is no mouse to track them....? Maybe the squares do the thing.....
So… if i wanna skip the recaptcha i just move my mouse weirdly?
okay, so what do robots search for??
how about mobile there’s no mouse
Okay but phones doesnt have mouse so how would they know?
they.. have access to my what..? 😀
How does that work in mobile
What about touch screen?
What about phone 😮
How does it works in phones though
So every time I check everything properly and it just keeps sending more and more tests. It’s because I click too perfectly?
hang on a damn minute i click on fire hydrants and crosswalks and traffic lights ALL THE TIME... am i too efficient with my mouse movements?
How about the mobile? They don't have a mouse pointer 🤷
Recaptcha uses my cookies without my consent? That's a lawsuit right there.
What about mobile
How about phone with thay exact test?
I wonder how the MouseKeys would do in the Captchas 🤔
So why is it the same on smartphones? There's nothing to track. Doesn't make a lot of sense
What if its touch screen?
how about touchscreen user ?
what about touchscreen phones and laptops?
What if I'm always in incognito mode🙃😏
How do they read the browser hiatory tho? Do you mean google searches (It is run by google after all)? Because while we do have cookies, and we do have the Web History API. As far as i am aware a regular JS widget does not have full acess to your browsing history. Does someone smarter than me here knows how that part could even be implemented?
Doesn't this work because a bot isn't phisically able to use the actual pointer of the mouse and can't made the clicks on the tests etc.?
How it track mouse movements in ipad? 🤔 Am just touching the check box.
Ayo why r u guys worried if it searches ur history i s there any problem??
What about touch screen?
Okay but what about when on a smartphone? how does it know Im human?
What about phone
What about mobile 📱 then. There is no mouse.
how does it work on a smart phone?
i have to do multiple times on images. am i robot!?
what about my phone, I don't have a cursor tho💀
What if you are on mobile
Mouse movement??? But...... I have touch screen......
My browsing history?...
What about phones
what if you're using a mobile device? no mouse trick, only touchscreen...
What's the name of the girl giving the lecture? Anyone? Please 🙏🏾
How is this legal
Well how does it work on phones then?
I don’t get it. How do these tests see mobile browsers? Top tier aimbot precision click?
What if you used an Ipad?
Can they also see removed browsing history and things you searched up in incognito mode?
oh so it thinks even with the clicking the hydrants etc that i'm a bot because i'm fast and try to get all of the details? DAMN
And.. eh on phones?
What if robots are doing questionable things in their free time?
My search history??? Nooooo
So i just have to move my mouse in a squiggly line instead of straight? As a bot, this is very good information. I thank you
Why does the top 3 comments have thousands of likes 😶
Is this true?
what not my browsing history bruh XDDD
It Can find search history to check if i am human? Well i pass. Immediately.
so even i go to incognito mode? they will still know what I'm doing? 😅😅😅
why there are no replies in comments lmao
want me to develop a robot that acts like a human controlling the mouse and knows what things look like?
how obout robot in mobile
EXAMINE MY WHAT?!
Wait my blowing history? OH FU-
What about on mobile phone??
Why nobody's talking about weirdly low replys??
why so little comments
Touch screen laptops? This makes no sense
Yo do know that google once made a program so regular people could train the images for those tests right? and that is also probably why they suck
my search history!?!?!?!!?? 😱😰😰😰😨😨😨
why not just make a bot that clicks the box after erratically moving the mouse
Couldn't your program the bot to move towards to check is a semi-random pattern that still ultimately reaches the dot?   And also apply that to everything else?   Import a random browser history into the files as presto, you've broken the check.
how does this have 13 now 14 comments and 250k likes? math isn’t mathing
Me  a gamer Who can move a mouse in a straight line and the images test? I do it too fast and then fail  But you telling me it checks my internet hiatory!? Time to change to edge...(?)
why is there 250k likes but only 13 comments..?
oh so now they judge us ? like, you are robot or a human with bunch of dumb shit browser history ?.
What about mobile
IT SEARCHES YOUR HISTORY?
So why does it think im a bot??? I have to do those tests so many fucking times😭😭
Why only 13 comments?
If a robot can know if it is a human mouse movement, the same robot can do this movements right?
Why does this vid has so less comments but the comments has so many likes without any replies??!!!
So what happens when I use my smartphone?
How are they allowed to access our browser history ?
What if I'm on mobile? 🤔
Why are there only 13 comments??
Why isnt there any comments on comments?
Why robot can't use the internet???
So how does it recognize us on the phones?
Ok, so use RNG for mouse movements and ez bypass?
why are there only 13 comments
Are they deleting comments or is this video botted
What about mobile phones ??
Why are there no replies to any of these comments…? 😶
..Wait there are comments that get thousand likes but no replies? 😮
why would a bot use the internet
Why is there only 13 comments
Why do these comments have so many likes, but no one is replying? And there is such a little amount of comments?
Why can’t a robot add random mouse movements
Why is there so many likes on the comments...
How only 13 comments?
Question: do bots even have browsing history?
Why can't I just make an AI that moves to an X, Y location "walking" in a virtual envirioment and then just trasfer that to mouse movement, and use that to make a program to select a random video and watch it?
Why are there 13 comments bro
don't they teach their AI what is hydrant, bicycle and stuff using us through this "let's check if you are human" thing ?
Is this why I keep failing every part of them..
How does the video have over 200k likes but only 14 comments
Why does no one have any replies? This is a weird comment section
Why cant a robot do a squiggly line?
Captcha checking browsing history? How?
So is it like uhm tracking across multiple browser brands or just the one it takes place in?
how about phone
And if I'm on mobile?
Why do no comments have replies?
Wait, how can Google know I'm human when my browser history is full of AI p... ehrm... movies?
Why is there no answer to any of the comments ._.
What about on the mobile? U just tap it so?
What about smartphones, where there is no cursor .
Why are there so few comments 💀
Why are there only 13 comments?
What about this on iPads???
what if its tab+enter ?
Why not just teach the bots to move the mouse around a little first? And to spit out some premade browsing history?
What about when I use these in my phone
My search history?😐 will they know passwords we use?
Why there's so much likes but so little comments
Why only 13 comments?
Why does it even need to verify what is human and what is not lol
Wait they can see my browser history? Hope they can unsee the unholy sht i search about anime women
What about phones??
why are there no replies
whys there only 13 comments?💀
where are my comments?
how can google access the browsing history??
What does bot browsing history looks like?
Only few comment?
Why does the short have 4 million views and only 13ish comments? Do the comments have to be manually approved?
why do they want to identify a robot? are there robots in our society? and using internet???
What if there was a programmed bot to do random moves to go to the button
it can see WHAT?!
What happened if A.I.watching this 💀?
What if the robot just randomizes the movement and acceleration a lil
How does this have so little comments?
History? Eh.. ehhh
they can see our search history? OH N-
Did You say browsing history?
what about touch screen??
What about touchscreens?
Waaait, so if I just do a little doodle with the mouse before clicking, I don't have to do the test??
Is no one taking they search our browser history!!!.
It looks at my browser history? That could be why they won't let me in. FUCK
What about on mobile tho? There's no mouse pointer
They view browsing history? Oh. My. God.
Why this video only have 13 comment??
How bout an ipad?
Why are there only 13 comments
excuse me but wtf did you say in the end?
Is this comment section broken?😢
Why so few comments
What about mobile phones
How about mouse keys? Its pretty straight and consistent.
wait they look at my search history?  oh no
So, how a I get reprove in this test and have to wait 1 day to try again?
I had to do the traffic light test 7 times before it let me, maybe im a bot?
Why are there practically no comments?
Wait wut? Browsing history???
So why bot cant simulate human behavior?
They can check our browsing history?! Ah hell naw🗿💀
As if there s no way to program a mouse path more round   Also doesnt those captcha just serve to train AI?
Is nobody concerned that google can know all this shit?
"they're.... um" "only human?"  death note reference?
What about touchscreens?
I've heard about this before, and I've wondered - what happens if they make the robot in a way that it mimics the cursor movement of a human? So it moves it around, and the speed isn't always consistent
why does this video have only 13 comments?!?
What abt mobile what movement they gonna track
what about touch screen devices like phone ?
How does this only have 13 comments?
why does every comment have 0 replies
How the video has only 14 comments?
Who else selecting 10 - 15 bus motorcycles cross walks traffic lites and cross walks in steam
what cursor movement on smartphone? 🙃
How does that work with smartphone ?
why are there only 13 other comments😭
A decent bot can easily bypass this. Is this video 15 years old?
What does it do if it is a bot? No one knows.
What do you mean in checking my browser history?!
Bots can't incorporate a randomised bezier curve to mimic human like movement?
Why are there only 13 comments
Traffic light.... Do you only include just the lights or do you include the arm too?
How about a phone
why the hell is there no replies
Why do I fail it as a human?
F!! How to delete my history from the web?!!
What does it test if the test is in phone?
Why are the girls in this weird posture
Why are there so few comments ?
*i get that on phone how they track that?*
What about touch devices
Why the heck there are 14 comments and everyone have min 50 likes.
why are there no replies in this comment section lol
What if ur using smartphone
How does this video only have 13 comments but almost 200k likes???
What about in phones then? Lol
So, does it mean I have a good aim, if i get additional captcha every time?
Isn't checking browsing history against the law
What if it's an ipad it doesn't click it just taps
How about on phone?
so the robot be browsing robots porn?
What about smart phone users
What about whose exact tests on android? They can't track my mouse movements, right?
Is that why my thing took so long the first time i did it on my chromebook is cause i had nothing in my history?
Um is my autism the reason I fail these? Lol
Why are there only 13 (now 14) comments on this video that has 177,000 likes?
What if we do it on a touch device...we don't use mouse
What is in a bot's search history? 😅
huh? they look at my internet history? fuck they knew all along i was evading taxes
so how it does working on tablets or phone?
What if a robot see this video??🤨😕
Why the hell do I have to do 10 consecutives capcha though before I can actually get to the page I want to see!?!?
Did y’all forget to buy comments 🤣
how does this have almost 200k likes but only 13 comments?
What if the users use touch screen? How's it gonna read the cursor movement?
What about on touchscreens where you don’t have a mouse?
ur telling me i won't have to click on stupid pictures of "which boxes have a bicycle in it" if I don't move my mouse in a straight line and at a constant speed? Thank you!!
How tf to they get to look at your browsing history?!?
How does it access the browser history? It must be built into the browser itself because that's breaking the browser sandbox.
SO ALL I HAVE TO DO TO AVOID THE PICTURES IS MOVE MY MOUSE AROUND ERRATICALLY?
So I have to click on images so often because I move my mouse like a bot?
Our... Browsing history!?!?!?? Welp im not sure what to do
When I searched how pressure control valve works, I was flagged as suspicious activity.
So wait I get those fking annoying traffic like bs things because I'm too accurate? Got it next time I'll be sure to turn on my inner italian when i "talk" to the box. :p
can't a robot just randomize the movement to imitate human track pad patterns to fool the check..
How about touch screen from your phone ?? There's no line in the cursor. 😊😊
Well then how does this work on mobile???  Just based on search history??    I mean like 99% of my search history is me just looking up what foods my dog can eat because his puppy eyes are very convincing
Boys don’t watch a ridiculous amount of porn then? 😬
What if I move my cursor perfectly on a new computer with no history or other data.
My.. browsing history...? Oh hell no!
Nobody talking about where the comments went? 🤨
Then why do I get those things all the time???? I get squares after squares after squares... On the other hand, it might mean that aim training in fps games is paying off... 😢😂
They use ur history? Welp I’m fucked.
Does this mean I am smooth af with my mouse movements? Because I always get the stupid light and crosswalks, sometimes multiple times..
but in phone ?
So everytime I have to put that ridiculous image thing is because I was too efficient moving my mouse?
What about in phones, there's no cursor?
if the only way it works is by tracking mouse movement, how can it work on phones?
What about smart phones
What about smart phones in first case
So how does the i am not a robot work on phones?