Could we have some scarlet witch guides ?? She is so op
Fuck is a dualist? Dps? Whats a vangaurd? A tank. Lets all use the same terms thanks
the hell is your crosshair in the jeff section of the vid???
why is snow better than mantis. both have tons of dmg and healing. freeze and sleep. aoe heal but mantis can attack and buff while channeling hers.
How did he spawn so many Ankhs at 9:30??????
Jeff better than Mantis or Cloak and Dagger?   There’s a reason Jeff isn’t present at the top ranks
2:18 did I just witness a jeff the shark aimlock?
What if our Jeff sucks and won’t switch 😢
What about peni parker her t4aps are so good
guys can someone help me i got a problem with the game and i cant find solution for it my games load sooo long it always stuck at 99% and i load in when the game already started a long time ago any idea?
how was Wanda’s auto aim attacks not on this list
you know what else is massive?
Peni parker is a great crowd control shes insane just started but who should i try next?
When did this game come out?
Am I the only one that thinks Mantis is a better Luna???
is this trolling? what about star lord scarlet witch and iron fist?
Whos here in 2025?
How is cloak and dagger not on here? And Squirrel Girl!!
Are you going to make a new channel for every game you play? Lmao
Are you the gaming merchant?
What’s your crosshair in training ground?
Can i play kbm on console on this game?
Luna snow over Cloak and Dagger?
You know what else is massive?
What do y’all think Loki needs buff or Nerf?  I could argue both
why is bro pronouncing ankh like that
If they’re all over powered doesn’t it make the game balanced?
in regards to jeff- if you get 4 kills why waste adam warlock ult to win a fight thats already won? dont do that lol.
What do y'all think about Wolverine? Out of all the characters I play I struggle the most with him, he's not the only melee character I play either
Is Jeff the shark to Marvel Rivals as Moira is to Overwatch?
why would you ever be forced to play another role??
Apex is really dead isn’t it?
Moon Knight is my favorite sniper counter. When they like to play a corner I throw an ankh on it and they usually just eat a full load of moonerangs and die, probably going “Wtf how?”
11:37 What healer? I only have duelists on my team
Adam warlock?? Squirrel girl?
Can we as gamers stop using the term OP?  Try using strong instead.
I’m surprised no Hawkeye, he’s extremely deadly, but maybe it’s because a shield is all that is needed to counter him?
venom basic not powerful? you can miss and by repositioning the tentacles still hit the target, low hp enemies are easy killed by aggressive venoms spamming without aiming
For Venom, how should I be using the dive bomb on F key (Frienzied Arrival)?
Is Hela just not played or what, she's my otp damage dealer and from what ive seen, shes the strongest duelist by far - best 1v1 out of any character (maybe tied with Magick) and auto win teamfight ult.   This is also the first time I completely disagree with a list.
Oh wow Gaming Merchant doing Rivals videos ? Loved your content on Apex , keep up the good work!
Gaming merchant? Is that you
No spiderman or iron fist?
They should add draft pick for ranked... Or is it already available?
there are jewelists in this game?
1:55 are you like mentally challenged?? if jeff gets a 4k with his ult, lets now waste ANOTHER ULT just to get 1 person back up. wow that's rly smart, stay to apex
My statistics not showing for my characters anyone else going through the samething?
Starlord's ult is RIDICULOUS! He just melts everyone, lol  His boosters need a buff, which is to go backward with it. For some reason, it's locked on a forward state. Unless this can be changed in the settings???  Also, they need to give him 60 in the mag. It can feel a bit under whelming going against these huge dmg dealers.
Can we not ruin a game that is actually fun again with complaining about broken things? This is a fun game. Go complain about a competitive game.
Gaming merchant that you?
Is this the gaming merchant from apex legends
No Peni Parker ?  I've been getting 20-30 kill games with her , she's insane when you use her right.
Black panther slight buff maybe?
No hawkeye? I feel like he is the strongest.
Why tf no one includes hawkeye he is a high skill high reward gameplay make a video on him please ❤❤❤❤ he is the best duelist in good hands
They need to buff my girl Magik, why does she only have 250 hp for a MELEE hero?
I've honestly struggled with Winter Soldier for the most part. Do you have any tips?
Why is healing so strong??? They practically become invincible for such a long time. Psylocke with her unlimited escape options and Hela and Hawkeye with their one shot autos while Black Widow with less abilities can't even one shot
Can we stop getting good games? I just got done with elden ring and starting on bg3 💀