What do you think Roblox should do about its safety issue?  Also, thanks for 1.73M subscribers - we are approaching 2M so fast! 🚀
Is it just me, or do those executives look like PDFs themselves? 🤔 Yeah, didn't think so 👀
Why does the video of the Roblox CSO look fake?? It's giving AI x10. I believe the CSO is a PDF himself.
He tried to self delete because of corn?
When can we discuss how companies being ETHICALLY obligated to put shareholder $ before the well being of users, customers and workers is morally DEFUNCT.
At what point was it going to sink in to him that the reason Roblox wasn't interested in being cooperative with his efforts was because a majority of the higher ups are themselves pedos? It's not that they weren't interested, or thinking about money per say, they were actively protecting their own
Why ai schlep image in the thumbnail
Is there a link between Epstein and Roblox .............................................
I have tried to get Roblox ban because of this but no luck and why do everyone care about it now but when I said or my team say anything about Roblox nobody care and I used to to the same to stop it? This make me laugh
What did the little boy do now?
Plot Twist ? Roblox was made for these types of things xD
I always thought roblox was like lego or something, seems like its a game portal thing similar to fortnight? I also don't play fortnight but I do recall playing a zombie survival which I believe was the original plan for it a long time ago.
Roblox is only going down now? i thought it's going down like decades ago
Just curious why he didn’t stop texting the developer and allowed himself to go through it for years?
Did you use AI in he thumbnail?
My ears may be betraying me but did you call Chris Hansen a grifter?? If so why??
Great video, but why do you look so AI generated?
what if we stoped playing roblox so they dont have enough money to higher someone to help them
Roblox is staffed by PDF files huh?
Why the hell are words like porn censored to corn, Sexual Assault is SA and so on? Is this some stupid TikTok Algorithm issue?
Is it just me, or does that CSO look like The Mask?
do i love roblox the company? no, do i love some games on it? (Centaura, Lexington& concord, and guts & blackpowder) yes, i adore these games and it angers me that roblox's management might doom these passionate, hardworking, and spectacular creators of these games.
12:52 why does this guy talking look like AI deepfake?? For some reason his face just looks horribly edited to me
Hey, I wanted to ask. What song do you use when introducing yourself? That little bit just wont get out of my head.
Why would any one hunt pdf files in Roblox? People are weird.
is the downfall in the room with us?
Wait did you call Chris Hansen a grifter??? What did I miss?!? 😂
The Roblox company is hiding something... Why else would they remove the middle man?
why the ai thumbnail?
Is that AI in the thumbnail brochacho 😔😔
If They Can Remove All The Free Schlep Games In 24 Hours Why Can't They Remove All The Inappropriate Games On The Platform?
Why do the Roblox officials looks like they're pdf themselves?
Wtf is a pdf catcher?
13:02 why does he look like a PDF file ?? 🧐 protecting himself hmm??
It says something is wrong in me, if all this issue, as discussing that is, hearing "pdf file" makes me get out of it. Why using a code? Yeah, monetization, terms and conditions. But it has to be named correctly
how you gonna make a dating site feature after all this???? whaaaaat?! wheres that petition for a new ceo?!
It took me some time to understand the PDF files, so they got screwed because of a Catholic priest DLC?
wanna bet that there's some interesting things in the CEO's hardrive for the CIA to check?
Is the thumbnail ai??
Chris Hansen is a “grifter”? Damn I always thought he was doing god’s work.
hmmm.... something smells fishy in Roblox...?🤔🤔🤔
you couldnt find a picture of a roblox avatar so you had to use ai to make one?
16:14 Grifter? Did I miss something about Chris Hansen?
I like the video but did you really have to use AI art for the thumbnail? I know using AI is free, but so is learning how to make one. I'm not trying to hate or anything, but using AI kinda takes away opportunities to learn and for other people to have opportunities as an artist.
The thumbnail looks extremely ai, you couldn't of just...drawn him?
why is no one talking about the AI thumbnail?
What song do you use in the beginning
I wonder if adobe gets a dollar for each child touched by a pdf file?
Does anyone else find KreekCrafts haircut annoying to look at
Ai art in the thumbnail?? Interesting…
U lost weight?  Congrats! Looking good!
Are you using AI for your face cam segments in this video?
Who does this mans thumbnail art as it looks ai, aside for that the video is pretty good.
oh no he's using Artificial Incompetence for his thumbnails too?
2:06 How the heck guys? Hopefully it counts the people who don’t really have accounts or something.   Right?? No??
Has Roblox gone off the deep end
Is it just me or is the thumbnaill very similar to gwamgos video a week ago
Where is the evidence that Roblox is losing money? Their value has doubled in 6 months?
Do you all remember when Roblox used to be a place where you hang out with friends and players?  Yeah good times... now it's Roblox: Predator Edition
Pretty informative. But I wonder, why are people so afraid of the word "PEDOPHILE" Why soften the blow? Is it people afraid of the almighty algorithm suppressing the video if it detects the word? Or something else? Because I feel like trying to find an euphemism for "PEDOPHILE" just takes away from the severity of it.
What if technoblade was alive by now he would probably get involved in the schlep team though and dream to like the minecrafters would be getting involved of supporting schlep though
a video on the ethan vs hasan orbiters situation when?
why ai thumbnail 🙏
why does the roblox character in the thumbnail look ai generated
the ai thumbnail??
if david baszucki abdicates who should take his place as CEO?
So… can we bully another certain multi billion dollar corporation like this? Like say a certain platform who keep making dumb ai changes and refuse to make their child platform child friendly and are instead trying to ruin their normal platform
Why didn't anyone report them to Interpol? They're able to work across international borders unlike police or federal authorities.
Does anyone feel like matt kaufman is a pdf the he smile is making me feel he's a pdf
WHY ARE THEY ARRESTING PDF FILES! IS that even possible? What are they going to do just SAVE the file into a hard drive for years ? NO they need to go after the Pedophiles :P
Is it really necessary to censor these words? Is it cultural, or a rule of the platform?
Is there a reason to senser PEDOPHILE? Why PDF FILE or PEDO?
Trump removed moderation. Why did people choose him?!
How are those big creators of Roblox just leaving now?
This video is great... But why did you use AI for the thumbnail?
why is the thumbnail ai
Why the hell does Roblox have 'hug simulator' (dating) a thing😭😭💀💀☠️☠️
David's files when?
Why do most of the Roblox corporate people look like pdfiles or pdfile supporters?
did you use ai slop for the thumbnail..? 💔💔
How come the guy who made the video about violating policy and everything else is like the picture definition of a pedophile
the child safety chief is a ugly zogblin another cohencidence?
I’m honestly so fed up with how we’re basically forced to say alternate versions of words to describe the most disgusting people. “PDF file?” “SA?” Censoring terms that describe inappropriate behavior? CALL IT WHAT IT IS. SEXUAL ASSAULT, PEDOPHILES. STOP PROTECTING THESE MFS
The face of the Chief Safety Officer of Roblox makes me wonder. Safety for who? Predator or Prey?
Bro did you lose weight? Maybe Im tripping but you lookin healthy tho, (no homo)
The question is does Roblox want the game to be for kids, or for predators?
Yo can we please stop with the AI thumbnails?  Can't you pay a real person to make a better one?
did bro used AI as a thumnail?
grifter? Chris hanssen? nah man he has earned respect.
is the thumbnail of schlep ai generated?
Why is Roblox’s logo redv
why did you use AI for your thumbnail
Did you call Chris Hansen a grifter by mistake? If not, I did not know he was a con artist.
Why does the entire executive team look like they are PDFs?
Why’d you have to use an ai image for the thumbnail?
Why does the Roblox leadership team just look inherently evil?
Im not hating but is the thumbnail AI?
What about grow a garden and naval warfare?
Isn't the video a little premature? Roblox isn't going anywhere
Just me or does bro is looking a lot slimmer and good overall?
Who owns roblox?  Why wouldn't I be surprised if the company turned out to be based out of China.
Oh no…. Is there still hope left???
is the thumbnail seriously ai..?
how much are you willing to bet the people managing roblox are complicit to whatever hideous PDF actions are going on?  cause this level of self-destructive stupidity MUST be fueled by some serious skeletons in the closet
Time to buy Epic Games shares? I mean, the player count in Fortnite is about to quadruple if Roblox goes down :D
how much money can be made in arbitration, who knows?
is that a AI thumbnail i see?
Is it just me that thinks the thumbnail art for schlep looks ai </3
Why the ai generated thumbnail? :(
lol does Roblox think parents don’t watch YouTube?
Can you change the thumbnail to have a actual model instead of AI I don't think it would be THAT difficult to not use ai
Has people stop playing Roblox and stop buying Robox? It's the only language they understand.
What is with the AI thumbnail
does anything one think that none of this would've happened if Erik Cassel was still alive?
the tippidy tip, is the whole world pdf or what the hell??, look at these ceo's
yknow I couldnt put my finger on it before, but why tf the Roblox CSO look like a living version of that video of that comedian who turned Howie man-dell into a ventriloquist dummy?
How much is Roblox making off of all their pred players? Why else defend them?
Why are you calling Chris Hanson a grifter? Genuine good guy who has done more good than most.
Is that an AI schelp avatar, ot not?
is that a ai in the thumbnail lol
Why did you use ai for your thumbnail?
What I'm confused about is WHY roblox is protecting PDFs? What could they possibly have to gain from this???
Why is it that the Roblox CEO looks so.. off? Not even talking their insane comments, but his looks gives me early 00's animation..
You have to question if well.. the creators behind the game are somehow related to what is happening if you know what i mean... Why else do what they do!?
Have you noticed the video is AI generetad that david bazsuki created? 😢
16:17 is a grifter a scammer? chris hansen a scammer? i did not know this
Did he call Chris Hansen a grifter?
so when is the revolution??
Chris Hansen is a Grifter? I've only ever heard "Grifter" in a negative context but would you care to explain a little more on Chris Hansen being a grifter?
00:38 I'm sorry but why does your face move in 5 fps? Are you AI generated? Its very Unnatural! This is like the 2nd Video i watched from you and i noticed this again
Was the thumbnail ai?💀💀🥀🥀🥀🥀
Downfall? They seem to be doing fine even after all this unfortunately
So they hear major problems with contacting minors and their solution is dating sim? How?
Who the fk is CHRIS HANSEN ??? I've seen VITALY SERIOUSLY BUST MORE PEOPLE 😒
Is the thumbnail A.I.???
Is it just me or do the CEO and CSO look like they're into kids themselves. Might explain a thing or two.
Why do "the man" protects israel and predators so fiercely, could they be the same?
Wait, did u call Chris Hanson a grifter at 16:17? Did I miss something about him
Why can't people stop looking for relationships on Roblox and just go on tinder
What the hell is Roblox?
Why are you using ai for your facecam?
Didbthey hire maldivius figtree as brand manager or head of crisis management?
You loose some weight?  Good for you.
....are we sure that  their gonna succeed? because even if they lost billions, they still have enough to ''bribe'' the government to turn everything down in order to protect the predators?
How did Roblox get Internet Anarchist against them gng
Really... Roblox now?😂
32 minutes late? I should be thrown in jail
Is that an AI thumbnail??
My only problem with all this, would Shlep have done the same thing AND NOT putting it online?  Getting people caught is one thing, another one is showing it and directly or indirectly tarnish Roblox: Shlep would be helping EVERYONE on ANY game platform by getting those pdfs, but putting it on the web *might* be the reason why Roblox doesn't like it, like at all.  (I don't support Roblox having ban him, but I think I can see the angle why Roblox did this)
You ask why they don't act and try to silence Shlep? Those PDF files bring in a ton of money, Roblox doesn't want to miss out on, and Shlep drags their inactivity into the daylight, for everybody to see, including parents buying robux, for their kids. Pretty easy to figure out if you actually use that thing between your ears, lil bro!
Did you have to use an AI thumbnail?
What do you think Roblox should do about its safety issue?  Also, thanks for 1.73M subscribers - we are approaching 2M so fast! 🚀
How does Roblox still exist.. Never understood why ppl are playing this game
Why that thumbnail😅😅- Still a great video tho
Why YouTube really make me wait 60 seconds for an Anarchist Video
why did you use an AI thumnail?