3:17  What does "fallback reward" mean? How can it be a "reward" that you do NOT get puzzle pieces?   My wife has all the animals, so what happens to the "gray puzzle pieces"??   Will she get them later when new animals arrive?  Do they disappear?
How do I scan the picture to get the decoration with a tablet
Why multiple truck orders has stopped????
The QR code?
How do we claim the QR code?
Where can I find the QR Code to get the Halloween-Tree in the decorations?
How do you get the ghost?
guys, where can i get the decoration with crows(if i remember correctly, they're gathered around a bitten apple)???? i want one so bad, but i can't find it anywhere. did i miss it already? am i just looking in the wrong places? 😢😢😢
How to claim the decoration
What about more fishing spots????and new fishes
How do i get the toilet paper tree?
my phone doesn't use QR codes...so...what now???
How do you earn the ghost pig decoration? What is a community inbox milestone event? I wish there was a tutorial video in the collection book explaining where to find special decorations, if they are not in the diamond/ coin shop or gift catalog.
How do I scan the barcode to get the decoration?
How do I get the ghost for my book??
How to get the pumpkin truck?
How do I "scan" that QR code from my mobile phone?
Could you please make it so that my cats can drink goats milk ???? 😊 ❤❤❤
How do I get the free Pig Ghost?👻
How do you clame the deco with the qr code?
Love, love, love the game. You do a great job. I do have one question, tho. Why does Tom need to run off after you tell him what you want. Couldn’t we tell him what we want AND how many at the same time? Seems like it would be more efficient. Just a suggestion. 😀🩷
How do I get the treat maker?
Can you make it so that we can rotate items every direction, not just the 2?
Where is the link for the QR code, someone, anyone, please?! 😟
Where is the Inbox Community Milestone? Where can the white ghost be obtained?
How do we get the ghost pig and the other item from mikes farm event
I dont get the QR code reward or ehat do i need to do in Greg,s farm?? Anyone??
After this last update, the game is showing instability and bugs and the device is overheating. What is happening?
How to claim the deco from qr code?
Why are the fall items not available anymore? Autumn just started D:
How do you claim the code surprise??
Can someone please tell me about the Shop offers? I haven't seen any of the items in the decorations tab. Do you have to be on a certain level to get into the SHOP offers? I have missed out on alot of decorations because I don't have that option anywhere. I am on level 57.
How do you GET the Halloween maker
How do you get the QR code?
Where is the Halloween treat maker?
Where do we get the treat machine at⁉️😅
Fell asleep and forgot to buy the Halloween decorations is there any way to get the ones I’m missing now? The fence and the gravestone and something else 😩😢
Where is the Halloween machine maker?  Do only certain players receive one?  Just asking.
How do I get the reward from this video if I only play on my phone?
How to get decoration through the barcode
No spooky Halloween music this year?? 😢
Fences- when we get a new fence piece it’s usually just one piece!  Why can’t you open it up in the store , once we get that one piece, so we can buy more pieces with our coins -not diamonds- so we can add onto our new fence?   And we can’t connect different one fence pieces, that wouldn’t look nice even if that feature worked.   I have so many just one piece, same with path pieces, just one.
Did any of you see and get on the catalog  the first decoration they showed in the video for the week 1 ? I did not find it yet
Why are there no more movies to watch on my hayday? I also can't watch videos to speed up my production machine? Even though I have updated it😢😢😢
Why didn't my Halloween candy bar arrive even though the game was updated?
What has happened with the update both my devices say no connection check my connection but all my internet is working fine this update has done something to the connection
How can I scan the barcode to get the tree 😢
Can you let us sell our decorations at the Roadside Shop?
Why doesn’t the QR code work
What’s going on with the Halloween event? Today is the last day, the game is not letting me finish the event.  The game shortened me with task to finish.  This is sucks!  This is the second time it happened. Why? You wasted my time.
Who has all the sanctuary animal puzzle pieces?? That’s impressive 😅
I wanted to buy more snails with gold shield. But now their gone - is this all just a scam? Thing we could buy before are now unable to get! 🤯🤦🏼‍♂️
LET US SELL DECORATIONS...please?❤
Why do we new crop types when we level up with no soil to plant them in?! Please give us more soil Hayday!
Where is the QR code??
Can you make 3D simulator to view our Garden design?
How am I supposed to use a QR code for a prize??
How can I claim this decoration?
Hey, why do I only get a few profit points? Even though I have completed all the tasks, it is not comparable to the points I get!!!!
How do we claim the decoration?
How do u get the free item via the QRCode?
Why isn’t the potion stand with the bats flying around it not on the first week of the catalog? You said “in the first week of the catalog will feature classic Halloween decorations that we may have missed”  while showing that decor. So I was thinking it would of been there this week
When is the update?
What does it mean when you collect chickens on the road?
Where black flowers?!😭😭😭
I can't see my list friends when I enter the game, my game crashes, I close and open it, it takes a long time, what should I do? thanks
Were can we find the qr code to complete our collection?
How about let decide the player where to put the puzzle piece when they get it?  It is do frustrating to have animals missing just 1 or 2 and have a bunch of others just started.  Also let's do something with the voucher. Can we trade them in for actual useful goods? I've at least more than 1000 green ones and don't really know what to do with them. They are such a waste
Who else has noticed that when you are almost to building up your barn or silo and you only need like say a plank but you don't get it and go to your farm the next day and get that last plank so you go to build your barn up and lo and behold somehow you're now missing 3 planks ? How about when you're almost done with a special catalog task? Only need one loaf of bread out of 8 and it's almost finished, when it's done you collect it yet your count remains at 7? I'm having these issues and I'm sure others have too. Yet you go to let them know and they want screenshots for proof? How many farmers here are taking a screenshot of every single thing they do on their farm? I'm only trying to let them know they have a glitch. What's going to happen when you're sending your hard earned money for extras and this glitch screws you out of your purchase? If you don't have a screenshot you have no proof so you can go get bent I guess.
How & where to scan the code
Why when your time runs out on a task, the system says you failed two of the same thing? Might wanna look at your code.
How come the boat isn't giving puzzle pieces? Last event i couldn't purchase them either
How do we scan the QR code?
Where is the QR code
What happened to buying decorations in the shop I miss that now we have to use real money to get certain decorations? I do like these events to earn the decorations that's cool but not being to use diamonds or coins to buy other types is disappointing u don't understand how the shop works it doesn't show any of the decorations like before
Where are the QR for the decorations?
Where is the QR?
I want to scan but from where?
We have so many machines, decorations and other stuff, like asparagus? Essence oil machine or something? but I'm still waiting for basic blueberries.
Where is the QR to get a tree in the magazine ??
where is qr code for getting a tree decoration?🙏🏻
What will we need to make the Halloween treats?
Getting leaderboard points but no vouchers for completed task to trade from catalog. Anyone has the same problem?
Pretty sure I’m not tweaking, it’s been two days and no candy maker. Where it at?
Which video contains the QR code
What happened to the pine trees with the jack o lanterns?
How do I scan the code
How do I collect the tree I have tried to use the qr code and it doesn't work
When is this update going to happen?
How do I scan the QR code? I'm not your lol
How to get items from catalog event? I mean for that hat Halloween poin
What is the point of finishing collections when you never get the reward??? I never got the beer selling pig for finishing the fall collection and nobody has bothered to answer my message about it!!
can the development team add some poultry group pets like Turkeys, mandarin ducks, kate chickens and geese to the game? maybe it can give more impact to agriculture
Why cannot give gift to other friends and chat ?????
How do you click on the tree to get it.
Has anyone tips for scanning the qr code? I ve attempted it 4 times
where is the qr?
Im loving the new improvements but could you make it a little easier to collect puzzle pieces? In boat orders for me it 1/4 (if i dont skip them) not including farm pass, events or even the shop.
how to scan and get the deco?
Why I can't receive email from Hayday although I have sign in and have Supercell ID already
Was anyone able to claim the QR code prize? Mine wouldn't work.
How can I get the free deco per QR code? Last time it was in the comments to automatically get it........😮
Where is the QR code?
Where can I get the code for the decoration? Please ❤
Someone please tell me how to scan the code if you only have a phone?
How do I scan the “code” ?
How do i get that decoration shown
i cant find QRcode ..where?
How can i use qr code please help me
How to scan the QR code? I’m clueless
Where is the QR code?
How about silo expansion tools to be stored in Silo not in the barn?? Like I always struggle with that 😭 and can we also not limit the expansion tool to 80 like it’s hard to find them, there’s no need to limit 👀
where is QR ????
Anyone else getting an error message when trying to download the free decoration?
How can you scan the QR code on the same advice?????????
Will the white lillies and halloween fences be able on the normal deco shop or do i have to buy with real money?
How do you scan the qr code? I am watching this on my only device.
where to scan qr code?
I love that you took away puzzle pieces for players that already finished the sanctuary animals (I’m nowhere close but great idea!). Can you do this with map pieces too? I finished the town so long ago and get map pieces all the time
where is the ornaments store?
Where is the QR code???
How to get the deco from the scan image?
how come the autumn collection ended but i didn't see some of the items like fences, wooden animals, etc being advertised
Why so many decoration but i dont have many place to decor..nite mode plis😊
What about more feed production?  What is the point of more sanctuary animals if you can’t feed them?  Why does sanctuary feed take so long to produce?  AND why double experience points as a bonus for selling to farm visitors when you don’t give experience points (only cash) for those actions?  Either add exp points or do away with a stupid reward.
Can you give us timeline of full month like coc, like 1-11 cwl, 1-10 challenge 1, 11-20  challenge 2, etc. They always give us in advance
How about letting us buy these decorations with in game money instead of real money or gems which are purchased oooh look!!! WITH REAL MONEY!!!!
Can I join the group of people that pre test the game before release
new birds like the parrot, the pheasant,... the rooster (there are hens, there are chicks but where's the rooster?).
Can you make the production machines more affordable please? They are very expensive! The farm pass pushes you to other levels, which is awsome, but the machines take up all your coins and diamonds, as well as the land decorations you can taylor. To upgrade those are expensive even with vouchers and blueprints. I've been playing for years. I love Hayday
How about some little bridges that connect with the canals? And gates for the fences? Thank you.
Full time employee here, is it possible to complete all the orders? 😢 I don't wanna miss any decorations
Night mode when😢????
Is it me or did the derby get a lot harder? This week I completed almost the 10 tasks, and so did my neighbours and we didn’t even make it to the first prize checkpoint 😢 it seems impossible so I dont even want to keep competing yk
Can u please add a feature that u can move a whole area that u choose in the edit mode? I've been wanting this forever
The new collections are kind of fun but I don’t want to have to pay real money to complete them!! It would be great to have some new buildings and helpers instead of just new decorations as well. And could we PLEASE finish one sanctuary animal at a time with the puzzle pieces?!?!
Why is the game buffering between different areas
Why I cant not Watch promotional videos to save time on products? Help me do that
How do we claim the gift
I have not played games for a long time and I still have to buy a machine and I don't have machine, what should I do?
More sanctuary animals!? Stop adding! Its hard just to complete one animal because your game doesn't work on one!
Can we have more Halloween fences please?? The old ones I mean!
How can I claim the gift? I'm on a tablet
Is it possible to have a real life day/night time depending on your region? That would be an awesome feature ❤
can you add some mini games pleasee
What happened to the poisonous mushroom log???  You mentioned it in the fall video and it was never made available.  I play every day and every event, never saw it.
I'm at 21/25 cheak vouchers, maybe new pets or birds?
WHY..??? Have the tasks got ALOT HARDER...I had to  ake 16 bottl3s of grape juice e in only 26 hr..IMPOSSIBLE s
Is there a link for this
SANCTUARY: please. Can there only be a limited number of puzzles/animals in progress at any one time? I have 3  puzzles (1 only needs 1 more piece) almost completed and instead of completing them new puzzles are started which means I have 7+ puzzles in progress. It gets frustrating.
Can you guys please update the items to be more common for upgrading the land and make elderly helpers more useful
Cool decor! So fun! Can we get a CLOSED mode to avoid visitors stopping by the farm so often? or maybe some new characters?
Where is the free deco???? YOU FORGOT!
How to use the qr code?
Can we have new production building? Been a year or more since a new one
Can you please make the animals storage available? Sometimes I’m fed up of them and I want to get rid of them, and I cant.
Can somebody tell me what is the use of the all animal in the farm? The birds, and the dogs, and the cats, etc? Except that they give xp? What’s their other use, other than taking space from the farm? Like I really want to know.
Are we going to get the planter box that was supposed to come with the summer edition of dairy news before you all took a vacation because it prevented us getting the decoration addition for that set.
Where is the yard sale?
Sounds 👻SPOOKTACULAR👻....   Will there be items we can buy using VOUCHERS , COINS also?
Can you make getting land easier all these decorations and nowhere to put them, getting land is too hard… or allow to buy land , thanks!
Do you guys ever do anything original? I'm convinced all people at hay day could be replaced with robots and nobody would notice.  Same events, same concept of production buildings, same seasonal themes, same-looking decorations
How do I collect new decoration?
Can someone share the link for the deco?
How about more space for the zoo area.
Does anyone know the name of the Hay Day email?
Hey guys could anyone explain to me how to get the task event decorations? I'm a bit confused, just redownloaded the game so i missed out on updates :)
Hiw can i get that QR code please??
Where is the flow code?
How do we claim the QR
How can i delete and get rid of some items that are in my storage? I dont have any use for all the things in there and would rather get rid of them or sell them if thats possible.
What about free coins buildings to expensive each time we need to sell everything so we can buy a new machine imagine only the ice cream machine was 31000 coins
How about a day/night mode? Or some actual weather conditions? Snow is the only one we get.  How about an update to the town? We’ve never had one. It’s getting boring there. And the fishing area could use a little change as well. Other than that….i still LOVE my Hay Day🐓
Will we ever get a paint brush for planting bushes, like we can use in edit mode?
When will the update be please?
Per favore, taducete in ITALIANO? GRAZIE ❤
What do you think about opening more blueberry and avocado plants? Pleaseeeee
Nice, but when are we getting new decorations from Ads? We still have summer ones
Why is the game majorly focused on decorations? It's always about 99% decorations and barely 1% about farming.
CAN WE PLEASE GET A PC VERSION THROUGH LIKE GOOGLE PLAY BETA LIKE CLASH ROYALE AND CLANS
I have a question if I buy the following farm pass(59.99 ) will I have it the next time another one appears? or will I have to buy it again next time?
Will we get a chance to get the dancing sheep again?
Can we get a meaningful content update for once instead of MORE DECOS?? PLS?!!!?
can you make it so we can play it on pc...my device doesnt let me play this game on mobile....thanks
Hi! When will there be new crops and production buildings?
Can we bring back Tom being able to get us building supplies plz 😊