How to not get jumpscared? Just have a noise gate on your headphones; if there are no sudden sounds, the chance of you getting jumpscared are near zero.
Did Charlie just hit puberty
3:16 Where's the foot?!
How many games actually startled Charles?
What's name of this game?
Did Gladys in the ceiling jump scare you in ‘weapons’?
which part did he startle? game is so trash couldn't bring myself to watch the whole thing
I wonder if it's because playing solo vs hanging out with chat while playing?
Has he tried Alien Isolation?
yo Charly what earphones do you use?
Does Greece know about this?
is this a recession indicator?
WHERE?? WHERE IS THE JUMP SCARE?!! >:(
Did something just touch me lmao
Or, or the  jump scares are being calibrated over time and becoming more potent with every iteration?! Trust nothing gentlemen.
Does this mean that Charlie has also become vulnerable to the paranormal?
Slightly on/off topic, but when IS your next "paranormal investigation"? They were incredibly entertaining even if you found it lame
have you tried putting your headphones to normal?
Is Charlie becoming...human?
this building is haunted? thats just how most buildings look in china. i see nothing wrong
Where is the part when he gets jumpscared
"that sounds like perverts", Epstein is that you!?!?
how come these games never have death animations, its always putting a face on your screen when you die
I wonder if I am right, you are less scared when you are physically strong, you will be more scared when getting old, I wonder how scared a women feels
Getting a bit up there, huh Mr white?
whats going on homie ya getting more stressed? I used to get jumpscared by things not as much anymore. except in multiplayer games that arent meant to be scary hahhahah. that mf sneaking up to you in siege is terrifying
My guess is that your getting jump scared more frequently because you don't have a live audience??
how do jumpscares still work on people?
Can we get predator concrete jungle?
I don’t get it. So it’s the weak jump scares that no one flinches at that gets him?? That’s crazy
but is the game really that good, or is he just scoring it higher in his mind because hes not immune to jumpscares anymore?
are you going to talk about the alien mother ship that everyone is talking about?
What’s next? You’re no longer afraid of Cockroaches?
why is everything fucking italic?
Are jump scares really scary or are they just startling? Something that is truly scary leaves a lasting impression. It gives you nightmares. Jump scares get you for a moment but then it passes. And with movies or games that rely heavily on jump scares, you get numb to it after a while.
What game is this? The animations look great
Video about Roblox Louisiana lawsuit when?
What if you are getting startled because you're playing games offline, for example what if because you play games on stream you subconsciously think your chat is there and you lose the "fear" factor from a game but since youre playing off stream you finally think youre alone playing the horror games so you are more susceptible to scares in the game but thats just me guessing lol
Is moist critical in a relationship?
Did he play Roblox again or something?
Where is Charlie and what did you do with him??
Can you play Deep Rock Galatic?
Could it be that streaming makes you less scared?
Does hitting 30 year old enabled your feelings and humanity???,
Is there multiple endings? I swear I didn't get to do half that stuff 😂 damn should replay
Getting soft in your old age?
why is 6 afraid of 7? 6 isn't afraid of 7. not after realizing what 31 does.
What if your limbic system was just so laggy that by the time your brain registered the scare, your body figured it's been there the whole time 🤔
i wonder which new feeling Charlie will unlock at 32
Who else is hiding in the comment section right now? Lol
Moist critical horror game when?
Huh... where are the bots?
31 yo interesting number? theres 31 days in October 0_0 the spooky season!! and now hes being spooked 0-0
Will you make more plague seeker comics?
Never puts name in video title,why?
Are you losing your touch 😭
Would you play Fears to fathom?
No views 1 min? Bro fell off.