I have already 7 of those so why i can't get it??? Please someone answer me it's my first year
What’s the fixed date ?
I had 3/6 legendary medals last season then I recently got legendary in br and MP ranked matches and it still hasn't changed to 5/6. Will it take next year to reflect?
I only have 3 medals how do I get six?
How to collect 6 medals..
I got 7 is it possible to get more for this season?
Do you think if we could reach 9 times legendary at once,  can we get the legacy weapon?
Why didn't I get legendery medal while iam legendery 10000?
Any idea when the double cp event will return?
when new video boss?
Could you make a video about the upcoming battlepass in the bp vault cause i wanna buy the train to nowhere but im not sure because there might be a better battlepass
when we will have motoko back in codm?
So, legacy weapon is mythic but can't be upgrade?
Why u change the voice line?
Can somebody tell activison to repair secret caches? 2 shards maximum from 15 boxes is just wild bad , tell them to fix that!
How is this possible how can I get all this that u guys are saying and please someone should help me 🙏 wht game will I play to get this one 😢
Where do I find this I game?
the Kill Feed Coming Back in Battle Royale?😢
How many seasons does it last?? because I only have 3,I'm scared I can't get it in time
Who leaked our secrets?
Free wepon from 6 legendary medals is grau?
When can we collect the atlas  weapon crate?  I got 6 medals now can we unlock it now or it will unlock later???
What is this ai
Btw aint the max amount of medals you can get per year is 9 right?
Bro how did you get that character skin the short hair?
I only have 3 medal legendary and we need 6? How can i get other 3
Will the motoko battlepass ever come back to the vault battlepass?
what about dlq-33?
3:08 Is that a Grau?
will there be any chance that the drh kurohana might return?
Would they ever give us a free KRM legendary
I'm quite confused, is it till the end of this year or this month?. Like if I'm currently at 3, and would be reaching 6 by November. So would it still be available till then? 😢
I have three now, how many raank reset before end of year?
when is the legacy weapon coming?
Does anyone know when they are bring back motoko BP vault
Umm this confused me so after I get the last metal I will have to wait?
@PAPAJOEYT if there's possible might be added a legacy weapon in secret cache system in between legendary and mythic weapon blueprint in the near future?