Could I get an imitation insurance bill and pay it with imitation money?                 Please?
Why is the camera trash
Can this one do the 360 turn?
who has been cooking at hyundai? 🔥
whats the top speed?
Lol, how do you know the R3 and R3X are gonna be better than this?
why does it look like an AR/VR graphic
Why don't they just make the motors louder or make sound with air like regular gas cars do with making a diffuser that makes sound
is all his videos Shot on iPhone 15 Pro??? or just this one?
I don't need both of my kidneys, right?
You forgot to blur the license plate?
That emulated engine noise sounds awful, or is that just me?
Are you able to look into vehicle infotainment privacy going forward?  Which brands respect privacy? Which brands siphon data from your connected phone and send along with driving black box data to 3rd parties, data brokers, insurance, etc?
I'm sorry when you show the tach when your "reving", wtf was that noise lmao? Sounds like some one riffing on a piano.
How does it measure up to M3 Performance?
didn't some bmw cars, like the i8, used to add fake motor sounds in the back that were more fun to listen to?
Why why why doesn't a leading car maker just offer a low cost, high range EV with a 30 minute 75% fast charge ??.....instead of adding ridiculous features and lots of bloated nonsense.
when are you covering the G-Wagon 580?
I can't be the only person who's wondering what's going on with that damn helmet why is it even in this video?
What is up with you and the "N"
So, the manual gas cars evolved into AMT for ease and now the motorized EVs 'devolve' to imitate the manual gear shifting cars? What am I missing here?
Why not show a test drive?
Have they resolved the battery replacement fiasco?
$70K for fukin' Hyundai? They r out of their mind.
What are you shooting with tho… What is happening to your beard 😂
Physical buttons and Wireless Android Auto/Apple Carplay and a mode to simulate a gas engine?. It seems like they've really thought "what people like?".
8:55 at rev limit does it oscillate the torque to emulate bouncing the engine off revlimit multiple times a second?
Does it have adjustable shocks like the EV6, or no suspension settings like the regular Ioniq? Can the EV6 reach the stiffness of this N?
Is this what Alex was talking about?
What happened to your hairline
why the helmet?
start stop button in an EV?
can you stall it?
Can you review the BYD Sealion 6?
Can you stall it?
Hol up, we went the EV road but then ended up having EV looking like Golf 8, and pretending to drive like gas? Isn't that... a bit ironic? It's like inventing a square, calling it better, but then rounding off the corners until it's round enough to feel almost as smooth as regular wheel.
So tesla has video games built in for when you are parked, and hyundai has a simulation game built in for when you are driving it?
Ermm Ioniq 5 can charge up to 250kw .... error in your research?
Which phone was used to record this video? The front camera is pretty rough; maybe it’s the sun or whatever but marques’s hair and beard loom unnaturally sharp
Bro, this thing charges up to like 80 percent in 20 minutes. How is that not fast?
What camera or phone is Marques using for recording?
but I mean how is the 65k justified?
$125k AUD, 🤣🤣🤣 sorry Hyundai   WTF are car manufacturers thinking 6 figures for a hatchback is a product we want?   It’s a great looking car, minus the knob head audio ICE emulation rubbish but for that much I can buy two cars. Hard Pass
Too stiff for the road? Every other review of this car from trusted journalists has said the ride quality is very good, and of course it can be stiffened up for track driving. So I’ll believe them instead thanks
Too stiff for the road? Every other review of this car from trusted journalists has said the ride quality is very good, and of course it can be stiffened up for track driving. So I’ll believe them instead thanks
Can you redline it? yes: 🤩🤩🤩
Why do you only review EVs?
which one of us is colour blind? i see red trim
Can you still not bring the Ioniq into a carwash, without destroying the paint? I hate the concept the EV "car goes wroom wroom" - It was cringe enough with BMW making sounds.... Just Stop! or buy an old Mustang! It's too cringe.
What's the idea behind this? To make you buy EV and not miss your gas car. ..
Am I going crazy?? I could have sworn you posted a video just like this in the past!!!??
When will you do the vw id4 model?   This is the 2nd video for this model, but without the car noises.  I would love to hear your take on it.
what the fuck are up with all the colors loll. Blue, orange, black? jfc
does it sound better in person? because through the video, it doesnt sound great...
Is it just my age, or does this car look like its waiting to go into the paint booth!
Hyundai starting at 66k, who is buying this?
Just dont get any scratches on the bottom or the warranty is void, right!?!?!? That stinks they are making really good-looking EV's
“ SICK” is suppose to mean good right ?  Surely sick can not mean good it’s disgusting.
How are these companies addressing their car security when it comes to theft? In recent days, hackers have been breaking into people's cars to steal them. The design looks cool. What about security?
Am I the only one hearing slurry speech? Or is it my bluetooth? The sound is definitely not right.
Did anyone notice the panel gap on the side of the hood at 1:09 ?
Why do you cover the number plates on some shots and in other shots it’s visible?
What does this “N mode” mean for the battery range?
How many Channels you have ??
Not the fastest charging car? I thought it actually was the fastest charging car you can buy right now. am I wrong?
Just wondering why you covered the license plate in one shot, but then show it on the next shot?
Can someone tell the construction vehicle to stop backing up? All I hear is beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
so NFS simulator? why cant they just make a car with regular buttons, regular speedometer and body but just electric? no need for all the fancy self driving stuff? just a car that has 400 miles range and good charging speed rather than all this BS? bet it will be cheaper as well and will make Ev adoption faster too!
How you gonna not actually show us all the cool stuff you describe by driving it!? Also, gotta say I love the idea of fake engine noise, but those three options sounded metallic and comical at best.
Am I the only ones who sees that they’ve inspired there front lights and this bar by knight rider kinda vibe Pontiac ?🤔
Can someone tell me exactly when this dude started to understand cars????
Why can't Americans pronounce names correctly😅. Hunday! 😂
How is the 510hp M3P faster?   It does 2.90 0-60 and between 10.78 and 10.90 quarter trapping 126mph.   This things pork must kill it.  210 range is dreadful at 68k and no tax credit.       Or Tesla is more like 600hp.
What phone is that recorded on lol
80K car? wtf
Why are EV people mad, just dont use the mode, or you just can't stand other people having fun? Even if its fake drivetrain
Am I crazy to think the Inonic 5 looks like a cheap plastic toy car? All those plastic elements and the sqares grill thing  is just so off-putting. It looks ok from 20 feet away but as you get closer it just doesn't seem all that nice. Also the proportions are really weird. It's like a hatchback that is bigger rather that a small SUV..
Why is skin so orangish ?
how long does that truck drive backwards is what I wanna know beeeep beeeeeep
Did yall notice that helmet on left side mirror at 1:27? what’s cooking Marques?
I wonder if the throttle/gas pedal has any type of feedback adjustment, I drove a standard ioniq, and I felt like I was stepping on air when I touch the throttle, and I hated it, I’m thankful my BMW doesn’t feel like that in EV mode
New balance car?
Can you review the Lotus Eletre?
I'm surprised that he didn't mention the braking capabilities and motor cooling efficiency of the Ioniq 5 N. This is a serious track machine capable of flying laps on the Nürburgring for two consecutive laps. What exactly did this video review? It feels so perfunctory.
Hmm, this for $67K plus whatever 'extra charges' from a dealer, or a Tesla Model 3 Performance for $56K with no dealer 'extra charges' and no dealer experience at all?
Does it come with an extra battery?
Were the DRLs turning on and off when entering and exiting shadey areas? Why? That's as dumb as adaptive fog lights
The fake gas mode thing is a neat little novelty, but why would anyone actually want this?
Real-world 200 miles of range for $68,000? I don't think so.
Can you please review Kia Niro please?
3:17 Not the fastest charging?😂 It is one of the fastest charging EV.
If you money-shift, does it accurately make the sound of catastrophic engine damage while locking up the wheels?
Who saw the racing helmet at 4:37
Rims or wheels?
0-60 in 2.9 seconds? No it don’t!!!😂
3:42 do the lights automatically turn on when it drives through a shadow or dark place? Or am I seeing things?
Is there an Ignition (Remix) sound?
How do you put NOS in an EV?
Is there a video of the drive with sound?
What phone is that? You look plastic and fake? Is this AI?
Why the AF logo in the back license plate for a quick second?
3:17 Not the fastest charging?  You're usually pretty accurate so suprising to see you flub this so badly..
Of all the places to film, why is this always the spot?
Not the fastest charging car? Like one of the best charging curves out there.
When are you going to talk about the Xiaomi Su7?
No removable headrest for the driver and passenger seats? Why!?  The chances are not zero that your car might fall into water with you inside, how would you break the glass quickly? By the time you rush to the back first before you can get the back head rest, you would already be submerged, will not purchase.
You forgot about the software bug in N e shift mode. In that mode the car flashes the brake lights when you take your foot off the accelerator and when you down shift. As a result you constantly flash your brake lights to the car behind you. Can you ask Hyundai to fix this and map the brake lights to the G meter?
OK, how do I get the 70k for one?
Is there a reason you never drive the cars for your reviews; just talk about them and sit in front of them?  You'd think a channel named "Auto Focus" would feature some driving in the reviews.
Is there some cult of IONIQ owners in the comments complaining about such a small under the breath comment? This is a positive review, y'all jumping on such a random piece together in a weird way.
Can it imitate the sound of a spun rod, from the no load RPM?
This or ev6 gt?
Am I the only one that hears a constant beeping in the background during most of the video?
is it an iPhone 15 pro or pro max in the center console? because there doesn't seem to be much space for a large phone
210 miles for that price?
Can you test the MG4?
What next? Will they add a gasoline smell to it?
Do you have any videos that are Hybrid? I'm not ready to be stuck out in no mans!  And price is a killer to go around the block. Thank you!
why did you not show it driving and show us its ride quality?!
Not the fastest charging? Can do easy 265kW, 10-80% in 17min….
@MKBHD in one of your auto focus videos can you discuss in detail tires for EV and how EVs have changed that market? Wife and I discussed recently trading in our 2020 model Y because it seems like they're recommended to get new tires every 12-15 months, which would be ~$100-$120 per month for just tires.
How cant it be a fast Charging car?
Can I install my own regular sound?
Can you imagine if they can emulate specific gas cars with turbo lag, same acceleration like a Ferrari F40, Lancia Delta, etc. All in one car. You could choose which model/car to drive (emulated)
Oh, Red Bull Arena?
How can anyone afford a car that will have a payment of around $1200-1400+ per month for 5 years? And then you can only drive it around your local town and never take it on a road trip longer than a few hours unless you want to sacrifice a lot of your time waiting for it to recharge.
like why? its so gimmicky.
Why can't they do that color for the ioniq 6? It's my main gripe with that car
u did a whole review without even driving the car in de video what the heck?
Hey Marques , can you test the Porsche Taycan Turbo GT with the Weissach Package?
3:04 - 134 miles with 72% charge left? So 186 miles at 100%??? Yikes, that's not good! I don't care how fun the car is, I need at least 250 miles, because you know in the winter, you're losing 50 miles right off the bat, never mind if you're driving through snow, which will take another 20 miles off.
Quick question, what’s going on with your voice? You okay bro? Need a vacation?
What phone did you use for this one? You look orange bro 😂
Ok...does this car come with the helmet?? I couldn't help but notice
You forgot to hide the number plate in a shot. It's clearly visible. So, re-upload?
People of the comment section, what are your thoughts on the Hyundai iONIQ 5N?
Are you going to respond to Louis Rossman?