How does he pay his taxes
Why is Ali looking more healthy than the forex millionaire😢😢😢
Online forex trading, physical forex bureau, Usdt, Binance......from where to where?😢
How much is a damage😂😂😂
which bazaar needs solid cash, kwani hawana bank account ya ku-wire the cash?
thruthwatchdoy n real uyu princes n scammer... how can you not be able to prove what you say... how can you withdraw money to buy a car??????????????
does forex work in Kenya or just a cave for scammers to hide their identity?😮😮
Ameita headlight torch ?😂😂😂😂
You withdraw 27m cash to pay for your new car?😂😂😂😂where on earth
What happened in Friday's meeting, am looking for that video sioni
Is he in good health 😮😮?
Ati short period 21M in forex let me ask myself this long short question? How NOOO  even if its a propfirm bruh toka apa ,,,you so even rude on an interview provoking Ali and us in general thinking we are all fools huh😅 you Guy we are watching you keenly😂😂😂😂😂
What shall it profit you to gain the whole world and loose your soul
is the millionaire reffering to the headlight as torch?
I wonder why pple  can't let others be .. you cannot be scammed if you don't want shortcuts
I wonder how some people believed in thiz kasmall boy ety trading 😂😂😂😂
What is 200k you deny paying someone and yet you made 27m per day?
Ati how many million in a day 😂😂? Kwani hii forex mimi nafanya ni gani c mnipee link ya app origii 😂😂,,,,,,,,,,,, this stupid man thinks everyone is a kid
What is the real name of this guy?
Why is he struggling to justify? Give us proof that you're not a SCAMMER?
How can you withdraw money to pay for a car to show off??why cant he buy the car direct from an account pesa kidogo kiburi ishaakupeleka all social media watu wenye pesa hawajisifu🤔🤔anataka fame hii ni content msidaganywe aky wakisii na  kiburi 😂😂
How can you make such a profit in forex within a day?
From which bank?Nonsense
So after finishing school at 17 or 18 now you are billionaire at 21 years?I feel sorry for your followers who is buying your nonsense.