You guys have released 6 everdark sovereigns, yet there’s only two in rotation…why? Genuinely confusing design choice.
Is this the Japanese game devs that never listen to the players i know? Peak trailer, really shows just how much dev cares about what the community needs and how much they care about players culture.
New shadow tower game someday?
Waited for this last night and it got delayed cause of the earthquake. Yall couldn’t just drop it???
why would u need a trailer for 2 player mode vro 💔🥀
Can we get a 4 instead of every triple A game doing trio all the damn time plz
How about you fix the horrible game performance? game looks like something out of the early PS4 Era and runs like crap lol
How about adding cross platform instead of two player mode, I don’t even need a two player mode if we had cross platform cuz all my friends from Xbox could fill my lobby
New Character class when brother?
This could be played in shared screen?
Is this online or will we also be able to couch coop
Two player trailer? Are we deadass right now? 💔🥀
Did this really need a trailer? I’ve already been playing duos since one guy always rage quits 😂
Add more bosses?
Please please see if you can do something about NAT matchmaking requirements? My ISP doesn't offer static IP options so my pre-ordered deluxe edition is just gathering dust. It hurts not to be part of the fun :(
Was it too hard to add this from the start?
why is the guardian riding the hawk? isnt he a hawk too? huh?
How abou every playthrough gets a random shifting Earth.?
Why do you have to take the everdark bosses away? Why not leave them?
That’s cool! can you add more cosmetics next?
Would I be able to game share on PS5?
Okay, so when will we see someone using four limbs to complete a 2-player expedition?
This is exciting news for sure, but did it need a trailer? Lol. Nothing looked new other than a 2 player lobby. I wonder how they are going to balance this. For example will Wending Graces be more common to find/purchase since there's less potential for a teammate to revive in a duo lobby vs trio?
Now where's Cross-platform at?
Cross platform update next? 🥺
...why is there a trailer for this?
Seriously, how did it even cross your mind that a three-player-only game was a clever concept?
I know this would be tough to implement but is there a way to get a mode without time restrictions so you can free roam... like Remnant 2 but with Elden Ring?
When four player?
Where's my flock at???!?! 🦅
When does this update drop
Quick question: why wasn't this in the game straight out of the box?
Why does there need to be a trailer for this like that's so dumb lol. Just put it out already
Will the bosses scale accordingly ?
New characters when?
On the 30th? Perfect timing, just before the new Everdark Sovereign
21:9 mode when?
How about multiplat for gameplay and mic
You needed a trailer for such a normal thing?
One friend required? Too much of an ask imo