Nothing about the little 5 year old girl???
How is it far right 😂
How is the little girl and the other attacked victims doing?
Isn't the same media justifying Paris riots just few weeks ago and call it "protesting"? The shameless bias of mainstream media must be stopped.
lol Far-Right what does that even mean? Not one of these people obviously follows politics! lol
I wonder who owns the Telegraph?
What's the motivation of "the far right"?
How can those people be patriots burning the streets and lotting ?!! Seems to be something wrong is going on there. Hope things get better soon
Quite strange how the MSM never use the term far-left or extreme-left but are happy to label people as far-right??????
Angry public is far right now? It’s gov and media fault
Far Right riots ? Like all the people who are rioting belongs to the same political party ? Those are common people and these so called liberal agencies call themselves intellectual 😑
The media were cheerleading the Floyd riots, but call these rioters thugs and far right extremists? The media are a virus.
FAR RIGHT VIOLENCE? PLEASE.... 😁😂🤣😅🤣
Far right ? Just people protecting their nation ?
Is the Far Right a political party? I would like to vote for their next candidate.
Why is it for right violence? Maybe the people are just fed up!!!!!
why is there a new strategy of labelling everything controversial as far right?
How are people justifying this? Maybe take a day to think about it more logically
Guns not allowed in Ireland ?
Why are they far right.
Who did the knife attacks? Were they Hamas?
Far right thugs? How about deeply concerned Irish People.
And will it make any diferrence?
Every country who doesn't agree with Israel's policy gets Riots and Manifestations ... coincidence ?
How do they know that they're far right? There just antisocial hooligans looking for any excuse to riot.
Why the protestors trash their own people properties?
Does anyone actually know the motive yet?
Far Right? No normal people sick of Far Left policies and biased reporting.
Migrant rioters mainly. Do they celebrate the stabbing of irish or using the opportunity to loot or both?😅
What is name of attacker....
Who is that insane to stab a 5 year old?
Far-right? That's how your filthy midia are going  to play this game till the elections??!! This is  all a result of your far-left ideological open borders police. We don't fall for this BS of yours anymore!
Did hooligans from England infiltrated Dublin or hooligans originally came from Ireland?
Isn’t this a form of colonisation - elites imposing their laws of immigration on an indigenous population to its detriment?
Why is it when lefties take to the streets it's peaceful but when anybody who is not left leaning has to be considered far right. Disgusting
I'm confused... a brown person committed a crime and now people are rioting? Do white Irish people not commit crimes at all? What's the fuss about?
Far right? There’s no far right in Eire for chrisakes!
What's going on?  Is there a shortage of candles in Dublin?  Don't they know 'Don't look back in Anger'?   I thought Oasis were quite big in Ireland.  I'm confused.
Why won't the police reveal the identity of the attacker? 🤔🙄
Is the stabbing far right too ?
Why is it far right cu n ts?!
Far right?  Looks like people that have had enough.  No labels.
What’s the purpose of setting fire to a bus and cars aswell as rioting what’s the correlation to the individuals that were stabbed …?
Is this a proportional response?
Who decides what far right is. What is just right VS far right
Far right?? lol
Far right??? Did ya stop and ask political views?
Misinformation say authorities? Well, who withholds the truth?
How many attacks by 'refugees' are the Irish people supposed to 'tolerate' ?
Far right really? These are patriots who love their country
So the protesters are "far right" but the attacker, what is he? "Far" what? Mass Media is a absolute joke... Don't let them leave it unpunished
Far Right or trouble makers?
Isn't it strange that when the native population stands against evil, they are always portrayed as far right? Very strange indeed.
Hmmmm Ireland always support Palestine and now this happen, is this a coincidence???
How is it far right ?
Who was hurt in the knife attack? What happened?
I thought right-wing protesters didn’t vandalize their own place? that’s what they told me
What's the point of vandalism?
If this is far right then what is the attacker?
How on earth do we know that this is, "far right", violence. Were any of the participants canvassed as to their political views?
So what was the attackers ethnicity though? Was it a brown person? 😮
How is it far right ? Nonsense
What’s ’far right’??
where is the CCTV footage of this attack and who carried it out?
What is this far right far left nonsense? We're not asking for directions here... 😂 Standing up for your people is far right? Okay...
When did the Irish go from left to far right? When they didn't agree with your agenda?
Was it British?
How is this far right exactely?
And the police warn against 'misinformation'?
Why havnt they named or given a description of who has done it then ?
Why label this far right?  Immediate discredit of the so called media source
Does it take a lot of energy to twist the truth?
Why is nobody bringing up the looting on this one? Is it bc its mostly white people or smthn doing this one?
Ya gonna change the title to that article yet Telegraph?
Does this not fall under a "mostly peaceful protest" ??
How does vandalising our own stores work into this?
How are they far right ?
Are the mentally I’ll in the world going to drag us all down with them?
What makes it "far right?" Because they're white?
EU waking up to the Muslim menace?
And Ireland put so much effort in their pro palestine stand yet the religion of peace still attack them? the irony.
Far right is the accusation?  So people not wanting to be indoctrinated and conquered and forcibly subjected to islam as being far right?  I dont see thar as being far right...i see it as people not wanting to be conquered by islam...its not far right to resist being conquered by islam...screw the prophet.
Isn't this what the Irish call "legitimate resistance" when it happens to Israelis? Islamics just trying to liberate dar al-harb lands these Irish are occupying. "One Struggle"!
Why are they protesting?
Why is it, everytime uk citizens kick off , its far right , to blame. Police and the government need to wake up and  start dealing with the far left , who are protesting on the streets, every weekend, shouting , Jhad etc.
Since when does a small nation like Eire need immigrants??
What is far right?
Why report on this but not the actual stabbings themselves..?! 😡🇮🇪🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Was it the far right? It looked like ordinary people  who had just been pushed too far to me.
I wonder if Clare Daly and Mick Wallace are seeing this?
I wonder if all those young men who fought in the trenches at the Somme,Passchendaele, Ypres  and later, stormed the beaches at Anzio and Normandy were "far right"?
Why destroy property?   Did the property have something to do.with this crime😮
Why attack peoples shops.
So, riots after brutality against black people are far left?
Far right violence? And what about it puts at that end of the political spectrum?
Let me guess... mossad operation to turn the Irish on their side because they've been very critical of them lately? Wouldn't be the first false flag they do
Not a mention of this in the bought and paid for Canadian MSM,  gee I wonder why? When did moral decency and integrity become right wing and extremist?
What kind of journalism the telegraph is?
Far right violence or people tired of leftist muslim  immigration policy?
Why is it far -right? That’s like calling Palestinian protests far-left
Why loot and destroy local businesses? Looting isn't protesting.....
What happens if it turns out it's a  Irish man who stabbed a little girl that belongs to the ethnic minority group?
Is it true that now the radical change of government in Holland is understood as the greatest historical error and stupidity of Social Democracy? The Reconquest begins.
Didn't the far right used to be conservative Catholics.?
Far right? gtfo with that nonesense.
Far right or ordinary people who have had enough?
Far right? Having a laugh or what
What is this far right rubbish
What is with this wave of progressive-liberalism that engulfed the irish government and much of the younger irish generation?
Far right violence???
I wonder why Holland has voted to the right. Are they all raisists too or just sick of the Islamic agenda being rammed down our throats.
Why is it classed as far right?
What evidence is there to say they are far right protesters? Sound like Irish people scared about what is happening in their beautiful country. Go the Irish👍👍
why cant england or sweden do this? and i wonder why they wont release who the attacker was
Is there an anti immigration party in Ireland?
Why is it the far right all of a sudden ?
Far right?!!! ffs
Why are Muslims protesting in London not classed as far right when they protest about Jews retaliating to Hamas killing babies in Palestine?
was the guy from Algeria a refugee?
Telegraph, please define “Far right” & how it applies to this situation?
Why are they far right? They just look like young thugs to me.
How TF does the media know that these people are all 'Far Right?' Are they wearing stickers on their heads? Or is it just the lazy, go-to mainstream media buzzword to frighten off anyone questioning the utter state of Europe these days?
I wonder why the police are inciting the vandals to burn police vehicles.... They drove the vehicles into the centre of Dublin and abandoned them.
Ooh, what a surprise, not one person labelling them 'THUGS, CRIMINALS, LOOTERS AND RIOTERS, 🤔Uhmmmm?
Where is the evidence that these are far right ? I think they will be normal Irish people who have had more than enough
Sorry who is killing who now?
Where are all the Free Palestine lot?
Why is it always far right? Perhaps people have had enough?
Let me guess,Something to do with the religion of peace??
I wonder how detailed the reporting will be. If the press doesn't mention the background of the stabber, there might be violence anyway, every time there will be an incident like this. If the police and media come out with the suspects identity, there might be less frustration of the public about attempts to cover up the real circumstances.
Why is far right when it's just normal people just p*ssed off the way we're been treated as 2nd class citizens in our own country the only people that are far right are our government spinless feckers no b🏈lls between them & it's not hard to see why as they are bought by the WEF. ✌️🤬☘️🇮🇪
Far right? No, just ordinary folk enraged by what is happening.
Far right? How do they know?
Why is it far right? I see no sign of that. Just angry locals, fed up with the horror and the violence
Hmm, can anyone confirm a young girl was Intentionally attacked with a knife? Unless this is true the title is misinformation?
When are MSM going to stop using the far right as an excuse.
Far right?  No, angry Irish.
Why "far right" ? ,  . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   oh for the narrative.
Why is it far right when the people want justice !!??
How is it 'far-right' to object to a five-year old being attacked by some evil person?
where is the evidence its the Far Right
Normal people pushed to the edge.  This is the far right?
"Far Right"? Is the Telegraph captured by  Neo Marxism? Or stupidity?
who wouldent riot?