So 1.0 hit. Ive sunk nearly 200 hours in 2 weeks into it. Where's episode 2? Im gonna make my own if I gotta wait longer
So if you collect the turds from after eating nothing but turd soup, those turds are comprised of just turds, and are possibly Super Turds?
where is part two
Can we get a part 2 or atleast a revisit since the 1.0 update dropped?
Grandmaster Samuel the 3rd may you appease to your people by making another vid on this game since it released for us console peasants?  👉👈
any chance of re visiting this game sam now its out of early access?
second episode uh when?
Is the science song available anywhere? shit caught me off guard
are men of science coming back in 1.0??
what is the name of  that science song
Yo can we get an extended mix of the science anthem?!
Where did part 2 go? We pray.
hey big man, where's the next video?
So about those men of science...?
Whens the next video coming?
Where’s the next instalment of science guys?!?
Where can we find that Science Song, I don't see it in Jiffies tracks.
Did you buy a lab coat just for this video?
Can I get that science ai song somewhere
Where the fuck is part 2 Samuel??
What’s the song at the start?? The epic 80s science one
I’m late to the news, I just saw a clip of it today, Does Sam know about The Forever Winter?
I’m late to the news, I just saw a clip of it today, Does Sam know about The Forever Winter?
we getting a second part now that Crush Depth is out?
Where's the sequel to this?
Where is ep 2 of "Men of Science" Sam?? Im too invested!!!
is that a fucking Battletanx from the n64 song at 4:22 ????!
what is that song in the beginning, i need the full version
Will we ever get another trip with hiking and shrooms? :D
Can we get the full science song? It's to good
Have you played remnant 2? Tis on the Xbox pass but slaps a bit harder on steam. Worth
Is there more of that science song
@GeneralSam did you make that science banger? lol
Was that song AI generated or did you get Jippy to sing it or something?
Was that the BattleTanx theme at 4:23??!!?
i was thinking about how i havent watched you in ages and you suddenly pop up ?
Can you share the songs you have created on Suno
which app do you use for the songs??? And what the heck is the beeping noise for???
2:22 Is that Suno AI, Sam? Sounds sick lmao
nerd has money?
Is the science song not out yet?? I can’t find and it’s such a bopper!!
What is the song that’s playing in the end credits I’ve searched jippy’s songs and I can’t find it
Where’s that BattleTanx gameplay?
Die of laughter reference perchance?
Any way to get the full intro song?
Is this the same session Stalltt made a video on a few months back?
What's the song?
What is this song, I want to listen to this banger
is this just black mesa
Bryan’s alive?!?
Why do they make us wear these REDICULOUS ties?!
What's the name of the science song at the start? It is hilarious and i cant find it anywhere.
what is this SCIENCE song? is it ai generated
Why is this not in vr ??
how did you fuck up the podcast clip so bad that the audio/video is not in sync
2:25 what is the song called ????
Wait, what the frick? I thought brian died in that horrific accident that's too nsfw to even talk about
4:30 That soundtrack is "BattleTanx (N64) Music - Title Screen" Is N64 music not copyright?  Neat.
We had a funeral for Bryan and it turns out he’s still alive? I want my money back
Another banger song.. album when?
Is this based on Half Life?
New cooking show menu item?
Can you play as the French soldiers so you can fuck up some nerds? lol
What is that science song it's great I need to find it
what is the name of the song during men of science. i need to hear that whole thing.
2:24 someone please tell me this song ?
What is the name of that intro song😂😂
Where can I find the full "men of science" song? I love science
What a fun group dynamic; I'm still trying to figure out who is polishing whose hood ornament here.
Who the hell is bryak? 😂
next episode?? yyeeyyeeahhh!!
Is that Bryan?.... Hes back?!
Wait, Bryan is alive?
Why is the comment section just a copy and pasted thread from Reddit
An elvish man of science eh?
You didn't even give the good good soup to Coworker? After all those years of loyal service?
Bryan? Is that Bryan? The red dragon himself?! Praise the sun!
Experiment: What if I shit on the floor? Procedure: I shit on the floor. Conclusion: Shit is on the floor.
What did you do to make them French?
isn't this just half life but not from a cool guy pov
Wait.... Brian is alive? Damn it.
1 view in 14 seconds? 15 second gang for life