I notice almost ZERO scottish names on the players jerseys ? Is football being taken over too in scotland now ..smh where are all the scottish players
was thar iain wright with maedas family?🎉
Why don't they play until someone wins? This is like if a basketball game was tied and they decided the result by a game of "HORSE".
why both these teams are weak in the champions league  ???????
Why were the Celtic defenders doing a Nazi salute for the 1st goal?
Why are there so many irish flags in the stadium if both sides are from scotland??
Why have they cut out Rangers massive 4 on 1 chance on 51 mins? Also the 2 penalty claims mysteriously not there 🤔
Question. who was the commentator that sounded like Sid from Ice Age? i would have thought id grow used to him throughout but it drove me nuts at the same rate for the whole game
How tf they won a trophy and we're not even at the half of the season what is this league
WHY CARNT THEY HAVE HOME AND AWAY FANS IN THE LEAGUE FIXTURES? MAKES A BIG DIFFERENCE
Kuhn tripped Diomande for Celtics third. Why wasnt that taken back to the foul? Why didnt VAR intervene at the penalty incident with Cerny. Two tier officiating as usual.
Was that Ian Wright amonthe fans celebrating at the end ?
WHY THE FUCK did you have to put the result of the game on the video's title? Why do you pricks do that?
Was there no extra time?
Was that Ian Wright I seen there at the end aye?
Yet another ood firm defeat for Clemente,how much longer will they put up with this do you think? cos he aint gonna walk from his contract and they cant afford to sa k him😅
Apologies but I’m a naive Welshman. Can anybody explain why Rangers fans have union jacks (a flag that we Wales fans hate) and Celtic fans have Ireland flags? They are both Scottish clubs so where the f**k are the Scottish flags. It’s so weird!!!😊
So does this make Celtic the most successful team in the world? Any Huns want to clear that up for me?😂
Who’s the guy with glasses beside maedas family after penalty?
who are these gimps in the comments acting mutual for some likes on their comment 😂 clowns
What was Butland doing for that final pen 😂
I never watched the match  Did they also play 15 mins each half of extra time for 120 minutes total or did they just go straight from 90 to pens?  If they draw after 90 mins in Scottish Cup Final assuming they meet each other will they scrap the extra 30 mins and just go straight to Pens?
Why is there just so much hate
Was extra time rubbish?
Why do the rangers fans barely celebrate their goals? Most of them appeared to be standing still even after the last minute equaliser?
What was the final score for celtic and rangers
call it the scottish league cup - can you ever imagine the english fa cup becoming the gregg's sausage roll cup or something?? ffs...
I am lost here surely Rangers won it with a 3 3 draw???  ..
How good is it that they are happy not getting pumped but actually making a game of it. We were well off it first half, they played their best and still couldn't win.  That was better than a 5-0 d Humping coz they thought they nearly won it. 😂😂😂😂
Did the game go straight to penalties after full-time ?