Anyone know if we get a vid this week?
Were is the rewards?
Why were Shawreys opponents so bad compared to Harry and Tom?
Did tom take harry player for the green at the end or am i missing something?
Why didnt tom get to swap a player before the last game ? He shouldve had moore for the last game wouldve made a big difference considering he had a cb out of position
Is tom good at anything on this planet over then fifa? 😂 hopeless are the challenges this week
Did tom never take a player for the second green?
Does anybody know the name of the song Shawrey and Tom were dancing to in a past video... Vivo a la player something something....a past FC Song
How did ye get juan mata to dress like that
After game 14 did Tom not get to steal a player?
Can we have a rivals week where you make a past and present from your rival club?
47:11 so it's not a punishment if the players are in position?
Is it not worth the wheel spins being tested before the shoot if they aren’t already?
Why didnt Tom take one of the icons of Shawrey or Harry? Funeral scene was funny as fck haha with Shawrey trumpet in the background, didnt notice harry lost the streak before hahah
How tf did Shawrey not have the best pumpkin
How come the weekend league records are 43-45-46 games played? I wouldn’t take Harry losing if Tom had one more game to get the 39th win. Harry gets one game I say to draw it, anything not to end the streak 🔥 😭
how the hell did showery loose the pumpkin challenge GC get off Harry's pipi
How did Tom go 39-7? That’s 46 games not 45?????
Seeing how Tom handles any task besides playing EA FC, have you considered having him checked? :/
51:54 didnt Tom also score on a trick before this?
Who is the idiot that played tom at the end? We need to know
Why are you doing Halloween a week early? 😂😂
who tf is #that😂
Did Harry enter the last game on 0 chem? It wasnt shown.
when did harry lose a 4 streak??
Why did is fully expected a Gong at the end?
What kind of mickey mouse opponents is shawrey getting? XD
How come harry didn’t spin the wheel when lost the first 2 times????????
Wait both finished the month on 7 losses how has he lost the month? Or are the records at the end wrong
great quality vids lads. 3 a month was a great idea, wasnt tom supposed to swap a player at the end? You guys should do a mixed team, 2 bronze, 2 silver, 3 gold, 2 promos, 2 icon/heroes.
Wait what, how has Tom finished 39-7, that's 46 games when 15x3=45?  So how did Harry already lose the streak the game before?
That zombie king dork keeps calling harry shawrey ? Why
Why was a player not swapped for the second green, yet more corruption for 'the peoples champ' not to mention how much better Shawreys pumpkin was...
What is with the adverts every 2 mins? Annoying AF!
So if the month is 45 matches are we gonna miss an upload so it's gonna be 3 sundays in a month instead of 4?
Tom what did you think of dibling? I loved his silver card so decided to evo him. Where can I send his stats to show you? Shawrey, it will be back to reality next month
Why is shawrey playing against dumb and dumber
Is GC feeling alright??? No hashtag house Mondays so far
Why this guy in black on beginning looks like Juan Mata
Will the undertaker affect Greggs opening times?
8pm upload have we made sure this is actually gc?
Why is juan mata being a creepy weird guy?
Can you do a Scottish Accent?! 😂😂😂
Top 100 with a silver team??????