Does anybody wanna get on my "secret level" (wink, wink)?
Is this like Ready Player One?
Why is the white man always the chosen one in these
Bro why was jin in this trailer but not in the show???
what if they make temple run?
Which episode does ghost of tsushima show?
What happened to Ghost of Tsushima!?
Darth Plageus in the thumbnail?
I watched all episodes. Where is GHOST OF TSHUSHIMA???!
0:50 why is kratos in America?
Where’s God of War? The second half released and there is no God of War as teased in this trailer.
I see no Battletech, what gives?
So I just looked at the list for the remaining episodes and there is no god of war or ghost of Tsushima? Maybe a second season in the coming months?
wtf is up with the plagueis thumbnail? bro a peeping tom
so once this is out do we finally get the next season of love death and robots? or do we now have to wait for 2026-2027
what is the song used
How THE HECK did I not know about this series??
Concord? Wait...CONCORD?! WHY?!
I wonder if they will do better than Astartes for Warhammer, one man VS a complete VFX Studio
Why is kratos in new York? 🤔 0:49
How about WoW????
Who do you think will voice Megaman
Where is it
wait...wtf is this ?! i'm confused ...  :S
Sooooo do they have time to create a replacement for the concord episode? 😂
A space marine shoulder checking a car? Im in
Even despite its failure...why on Earth would you put a brand new IP like Concord in when there's tons of great IPs with built in fanbases you could have used?
So does this mean no Love Death and Robots Volume 4?
Did i see Crossfire In it 😀?
0:55 garden of banban?
why tf every trailer need to have like way over too much drums
can there be more drums!?
Why is Co cord here and not Helldivers 2?
Its gonna be good, but there are a few game suggestions there that puzzle me, what is honor of kings? I have never heard of that, and Concord being here is just sad. Surely they should have dropped that episode since the game was canned. Even if the episode is great, it just goes to show what a competent team can do with any license.  New world is also a puzzle, because as far as I know its not a very popular mmo. However its an amazon game so makes sense. Warhammer, Armoured Core, Sifu, and Exodus are the highlights for me. UnrealTournament? Since when do people still play this? lol.
The F concord do here?
Why no overwatch oh man
will we ever get to see starcraft?
At 0:41 was that supposed to be lee from the walking dead ?
concord? more like conconoidon'thinkso haha
How many minutes will each episode be will they be hours long or like love death robot short 15 min story
Sifu In The Games 2D CG Stylized Animation Is Gonna Be Amazing But Whos Gonna Voice Unless Its Voice Actor Nicholas Goh?
what game is the first shot?
why is concord mixed up with so many good games?
I have a question… what does that mean for concord now? Lmao
wait... DECEMBER? I THOUGHT IT WAS RELEASING IN OCTOBER
How is this incredible trailer not uploaded in 4K HDR?
Am I the only one who noticed that marine is Titus?
Just here for Warhammer 40k. When's the live action??
Why no Overwatch?
Is that Demetrian Titus himself? I noticed the right pauldron design and the laurels on his helmet (which would mean this happens after the game). Could this episode be a tie-in to new content for the game coming this December?
whats this? 0:45
Did i see concord in there? Hahah
So what's going to happen to the Concord episode, is it still going to release or is it going to be pulled?
Does anyone know who did the music from the trailer and what it is called?
Concord? Really? Looks like it's not a series for gamers, but platform to invest money in advertising.
I wonder if they're gonna release the Concord short...
Did i just saw the armored core?!
Was that a Bloodborne hunter at 1:17 ?
Does anyone else know what this is from? 0:47 maybe warhammer fantasy?
I wonder if they're actually gonna release that Concord episode lmao
Where is terraria
ARE THEY GONNA CUT THE CONCORD EPISODE??? LMAOOO
I’m wondering if concord will still have a spot?
Can we put a megamix of the overwatch cinematics in place of the Concord one?
was that a concord character? gtfo hahaha remove that shit.
So is this where Project Astartes went?
This feels like "Tales from Ready Player One" or "Matrix What If.....?" I'm in.
Finally, giving your audience what we want. Was that so hard prime? was it??
SONG AT THE END???
i know this was before concord died but like what made you think that was anyone's favorite game?
i know this was before concord died but like what made you think that was anyone's favorite game?
wait is there a D&d video game or am I just trippin'?
Wait is that titus from space marine??
Concord?   We'll see.
Concord? Holy LLLLLL
1:16 Who/what is the pink character?
0:59, is that a Grey Knight ? the same type we saw in that Astartes project of the same guy who got hired to work on something official? Hmmm :3
What's the song????
It looks cool but is Jack Black in it ?
It's like Arcane, but in space?
What if they then make a game out of this? A game that spans multiple worlds and stories?
Why tf is Concord doing here lmao
Does anyone know the name of the song in the background?
Why the F is Concord there ???Overwatch made more sense
Ready or not??
Is that Abe from Oddworld?
WHERE THE HELL IS GERALT OF RIVIA??? (???????)
Did Sony really thought Concord would be a massive hit!? Lmfao!!! 😂  Now I wonder if they are going to keep the Concord episode or delete it
Is this what happened to the guy working on Astartes?
So...is the Concord episode still going to be released?
Who’s here after Concord got shut down?
Where is Arthur Morgan damnit?!?!
I wonder how that Concord episode is going to be knowing it's already cancelled and refunded. Haha
You think the guy who made the ASTARTES videos have been brought in from the Warhammer episode?
Who are all these people?
guys do you know this game at 1:15, I never heard of it. also who is the blue guy with red face at 1:16?
Concord? What's a Concord? 😂
se these will be just ads for upcoming games?
They gonna shelf the concord episode now, right?
So, are you going to remove Concord from this?
IS THAT SPELUNKY
Does anyone know if the 40k part was made by/with Syama Pedersen? It sure looks like the same art style as astartes ?
Kratos was standing in a modern city!?
Is this a series or movie?
fucking pac man drone???
Is this a movie? Anyone ?
Wtf is Concord there for?
Wait, *Concord?* Well I guess they had much higher expectations for *Concord.*
0:51 was that Keanu?
is this a game?
Okay okay so.. is Kratos possibly time traveling or sum? If so, that would be insane 🔥🙌.
Is this a video game or a movie?
When a metro series? That thing has potencial
no 4k? 1440? Come on, Netflix
Crossfire involved here?! Imma let em cook on this one. 🔥
Kratos in the modern times? He's in a city... either way I'm here for it.
Who invited Concord?
Where's my kotor? :/
IS THAT ARMORED CORE 6 ?????????????
will the concord episode have more pronouns thn frames?
How much did Concord devs drop to get included in this?
Will Alberto Mielgo be there?!❤‍🔥
wait crossfire? hahaha filipino players of old crossfire will get nolstagia feels❤️❤️
Why isn't there Warframe in here?
When does this come out
This actually looks Amazing BUT, do they have free reign over the titles? Or do they have to follow video game guidelines? If so, I hope it can truly be different
Is it me, or does Pac-Man look like a robotic weapon device or something?
0:52 is that Keanu Reeves? 😍😍😍😍
A new anthology series?? Why couldn't they just finish love death and robots???
Is this a movie or a game I cant tell
Can someone explain to me
Concord? Guess Sony didn't expect it to tank so hard
Ready Player One?
Unreal Tournament? WHAT YEAR IS THIS?
you haven't add 'ghost's" story? then I'm not interested yet
Okay, that teaser was sick..but seriously, what is this series all about??
Was that Kratos in a modern city?! Weapon upgrades anyone?!?
Any Kratos fans here???
Concord?😂😂😂😂😂 A u srsly? 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤣🤣🤣🤣
Was there Keanu in there ?
Is this a game or series?
I wonder if the guy who animated the Astartes warhammer mini series worked on the space marine part of this show. I saw that he was working with games workshop directly. that'd be a mad glow up.
is this like a TV series on amazon prime?
Can anyone mention which are all the 15 games ?
1:00 is that space marine running through one of those mad max car or a cultists car?
crossfire? like the board game with guns and steel bearings?
is this a game or a movie?
Is this a quick glimpse of Fatalis or which Dragon is that
Wait... Darth Plagueis? Since when is Amazon doing star wars?!
what's the song used in this trailer ?
I wonder if theyre gonna get the same actor to play kratos like in the god of war ragnarok game
Is it for gamers.....i am curious
So Many Stories Yet Not A Single One That Combines Sci-Fi And Fantasy? Both Genres Have Been Around For Nearly A Century, But Not A Single Author Who Could Bring Both Genres Together, With Both The Genres Balanced Rather Than One Being Prevalent And Other Being Subtle Enough To Be Quistonable.  Well Some Examples Being Shadowrun, Final Fantasy VII
it seems beautiful, but why concord?
where is Bloodborne
who asked for CONCORD story? nobody plays that shit
can someone write all 15 games that are gonna be referred to in this show
Is that titus?????
Where is DOTA?!
Prince of Persia???????
What kratos is doing there 😮
Is that game?
With so many licenses in the video game industry, they use Concord's but not Starcarft's, do you know what a chapter of that universe would be?
Did someone say Unreal Tournament?
is it keanu reeves??????? in one frame i saw him
Ummm, excuse me. Am I tripping or that's Keanu?
Why does the trailer lowkey go hard though
Arent they doing a full God of War series too? They really love Kratos at Amazon lol
Was this created with Unreal Engine???
Did i just saw kratos there 😲😲
Is that Concord I see in the description? Man, Sony really fucking thought lol. Rip the poor guys who got handed that script.
so is it a game or movie?
What is cratos doing here?
Ready Player One 2?
By the time this comes out people will be asking, what the hell’s a concord?
These are each stand alone episodes?  I want my YouTube videos as short as possible. But my TV series as long as needed an concise.
Which game Intro Scene belongs too..does game also look like that?
isnt starwar and game of throne mixture?
Looks.... interesting. But what is this?
I wonder if this is the project that Games Workshop hired the creator of the Astartes video series for
How did concord get one and not the finals 😭?
Someone making Warhammer animated content outside of Games Workshop without a lawsuit? What parallel universe am I in?
Am I the only one excited for the outer worlds 2?
no soul reaver? really?
Is it just me or is it that both graphics and CGI look similar to "Ready player one" movie?
Can we please one from dead space? And one from max payne?
What is this?
Did I just see a titan from titanfall??????
Sp-SPELUNKY?! Why is Spelunky here? No dissing the game, but compared to other games, that gane looks like it has the least amount of story
Am I the only one who hopes that if they release a second season, they will release an episode of shadow of the colossus?
You guys feel that ?
I don't get how this and the Yakuza Series are both on Amazon and for this one they use the games story to base their story and for the Yakuza show they said no one is allowed to know the game?????? How does that happen just use the already established IP for your advantage.
Is this it for the warhammer 40k stuff? I hoped for more.
Who is the honor of king character seen in the trailer?
I wonder if protoman or X and zero will make an appearance, Ik X is from years after megaman but hopefully they all do
Anyone else thought that was Darth plageus in the thumbnail or am I tweaking?
How the hell did a dogpile dead game like New World get featured on this 💀
So... am I supposed to watch this or play this?
how the fk did Concord get to be in there?????? It's literally an unknown and dog water game. isn't it too obvious already.
But will they be shorts again? Because I don't get that
What exactly is this ? Just a conglomeration of a bunch of short films of great games? Honestly curious. I saw 40k and instantly clicked thinking it was a 40k show
How the hell did Honor of Kings get this one?
Is this that Border Land movie?
At 52 seconds, was it Keanu?
4k trailer please?
1:12 Tiamat is that you?
Why does Concord get an episode? Why not elder scrolls or something.
0:49 what?
That you, Plagueis?
Concord?  Is this really something to add? Especially to a list of favorite games? Who has that as their favorite?
0:47 ...Is that... Megaman?  EDIT: Holy shit, it was!
Ghost of Tsushima???
Looks great.  How is this animation done???
0:58 Super Fighting robot.. wait Mega Man!? ⚙️🔩
Why is no one talking about crossfire? Like it's so good 🇵🇭
Why the thumbnail using Darth Plageuis scene from The acolyte 🤣🤣
Is this darty plaguid
Hmm did I just see Jill Valentine in there????
WHO CAME FROM GUZZU??
I wonder how much Concord payed to join this crowd??
This won’t be live action, right?
What is this?
what is this show even about??
Was there any Assassins Creed reference?
0:45 Fires of Rubicon?
Is that my heavy breathing I hear or is it someone else's?
Nobody complaining that its all CG and not practical? Strange...
That music 🤩 name?
OMG...but... why was Concord on this? LOL
Is this gonna be like Ready Player One but better?
But why concord?
Was that inFAMOUS in there for a few frames???? I freaking hope so!
ARMORED CORE?! WITH KEANU!!! im losing my freaking mind this is gonna be so sick
Was that Kratos?!
It's game or Animation Film?
Have they finally let the Astartes creator outside without the chains ?
Wait!!! am I dreaming? HOLY SH*T.  Cant wait to watch these 💖💖💖
What kind of Darth Plagueis is that on the thumb?
Concord, really? Out of all the video game universes you could've chosen? Either way, I'm excited for this one.
Ehm, so that short song/melody near the end... anyone know what that is?
How can i submit my captain falcon movie?
why is kratos in manhattan?
Did I just see the Astartes?  I'm in.
Wait Kratos is in a modern city?
Honor of Kings? Really?
Warhammer :) unreal torn X why? new world X why? God of War :) Outer Worlds :) Honor of kings X why? exodus X spelunky :) yes Crossfire X wtf? concord X WTF??????
Why does prime keep constantly cooking up peak shows bro like what is prime plotting
What’s Kratos doing in the city?
Warhammer, armored core, sifu, Ghost of tsushima....omfg im hype. My one question is, is that cyberpunk 2077 when they panned over the city? If it is, my hype just grew even more.
Why is the prime logo stretched up 1:29 ?
where is unreal tournament? i dont see
Did I see Concord listed on there? How did that turd make it into the lineup?
what franchise gets burned next?
0:54 Is this Keanu Reeves!? Please tell me is cyberounk 2077!!
Unreal tournament??? Yes please!!
0:23 Is this Exo from Destiny?
If it's of our favourite games why is Concord there?
Where's Capcom and Konami?
Am I nuts, or am I seeing a Korriban native Sith in this?
How are they using Darth Plagueis?
Can anybody type the full list of pop culture IPs they show in the end?
Why Concord though? Lmao everything about this looks amazing but Concord is a weird choice
Why is nobody talking about spelunky? That shit has me SO hyped
1:16 did i just saw the Bloodborne Hunter? am i trippin? also, almost screamed here in the office when i saw Megaman
Concord having a movie made about it ? Lol
which is the game at 0:26 ?
Where is Kirby?😂😂😂
Why is Darth Plagues on the thumbnail?
Did they somehow pick into my mind choose the exact big franchises that I haven't touched?
Is this like MCU's What If? Like you have different episode per each game and then everyone comes together?
Who is 0:53? Is that from cyberpunk 2077
1:15 so we see kratos but you dont mention god of war?
How long will each anthology be?
Can someone tell me the name of the ending music
Is there a reason all 15 episodes aren’t about 40k?
Waait .. what happend right now? AND why Prime logo at the end of the trailer? And wtf is Secret Level 😫im having a blond moment here HELP
Kratos ? Rounded by buldings ? Wtf is that ?
Wait, is that bloody Armored Core 4/For Answer?  I'd recognise that VOB, Vanguard Overed Boost unit anywhere.
1:02 where is that fighter jet from?
Gente, algum querido pra fazer uma lista de todos os jogos que apareceram?  Guys, anyone kind enough to make a list of all the games that appeared
This looks awesome but I have a question. Why does Warhammer plus exist if your going to put shows on Amazon? When this comes out I'll be watching from my trusty sites that ain't Amazon because f*ck paying for a subscription service that forces ads.
I wonder if the Space Marine episode will be the first of Henry Cavill's Warhammer projects
Kratos in a modern day city????
0:52 is that Keanu? 🎉
Why does the thumbnail look like Darth Plagueis?
can you tell me if this is just an animated film or a preview of future games? For example, crossfire, will there be an announcement of a new part of the game? or is it just an animated film?
0:53 I am not trippin right? That keanu?
Is that warhammer animation by the same guy who made Astartes?
Wtf is kratos in a city though?
I wonder why there's no Master Chief and Doom Guy.
Is that Mega-Man a man or a woman? Looks confusing right? I hope they don´t do anything weird
I like the idea, I like the video... but could you please get some natural music instead of «Action_Trailer_Epic_Music»?
A new idea for a show...is this 2012  again?
Adapt video games and stay true to the source material? What kind of witchcraft is this?!
kind of tired of being "the chosen one" everywhere.....   why can't my character be just a worker somewhere that 'gets caught up in' something, and has to 'push themselves' and maybe 'learn new things' to overcome some kind of 'overwhelming odds'...?   fantastic series it seems though, getting excited for it! +++
Outer Worlds 2????
So do I need to know about all those games to watch this show?
Warhammer and Armored Core!?
wtf kratos is standing in a modern day city?
Is that Johnny Silverhand?!?!? 0:50
0:49 is that kratos in modern day?
where is Titanfall? still, the project looks good.
Is this what they got the Astartes guy to work on? Kinda looks it
0:52 is this Keanu Reeves ..?!
wait why is chinese mobile legends part of this?
Is that Keanu? 0:53
CONCORD?!? Why in the hell do they have fucking Concord of all things in here?!
Concord? naw im good
And... Why we have a concord in this series??
What is this? Movie, game, series??
0:53 Was that Keanu playing as Silverhand?
MEGAMAN IS IN THIS!?🤯
0:43 is that Grigori from Dragon's Dogma??
What is Kratos doing in modern day?
Is it me or is the thumb nail picture look just like darth plaguis 5 second scene in the acolyte?
chat am i seeing this right?? unreal tournament?? For real?
Is it gonna be like Ready Player One? Or just a compilation of each video game cutscenes?
How tf are they gonna do Pac-Man
And one thing, is Stellaris is also there? The alien on the thumbnail looks like from Stellaris.
anybody know what the closing music is? 1:32
ayo tf happened to kingdom hearts this shit kinda gritty now ?
Why did you forget that Mega Man is just a child? 😢
The list says “various PlayStation Studios beloved entities” and we see kratos in a modern city could that mean he’s in spider-man’s new york?
I mean, why crossfire? Just why? Out of all shooter games and they chose crossfire? We got Halo, Doom, fucking Wolfenstein would be cool to get an animation but why crossfire? How much did korea paid their studios? Seriously i just wanted to know  And don't even mention concord, that shit never exist for normal people.
Spelunky?!?! Is this a fever dream????
Can someone clue me in? Is this kinda like a Ready Player One adaptation kind of thing?
Space marine? Warhammer 40 000
@prime video since youve snagged this beautiful set of games with sony involved could you maybe see if they will let you do something with jak and daxter and naughty dog?❤
What’s the song at the end of the video after the trailer? Shazam can’t find it.
Ooomg is that KEANU REEVES ON 0:54 ????????? 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
so what is this a show to watch or game to play ?
How'd Concord get in there?
Wait…the outer worlds…2???
Did I see Concord?
Is this cavills 40k?
Why is honor of kings here? 💀
Is the Warhammer from the same guy that did the "Astartes Project" fan film?
Wait is this a game or a tv series??
Why not make another LDR instead of that?
Why no Elden Ring or Dark Souls?
wait warhammer in here too?
0:51 is that Keanu Reeves?
series or anthologies? I hate anthologies
I wonder how they're gonna make Pac-Man look cinematic
will this be a movie or game i don't get it?
what Darth Plageius doing in the thumbnail
Concord? At least the animation will be good
Anyone know the music that was used in the trailer? Darude Sandstorm? Na! XD
0:51, Elisabeth from bioshock infinite?
Is this where the Astartes guy has been?!
Are you ready to level up?
GHOST OF TSUSHIMA?!
Unreal Tournament?!?!?! Am I dreaming?!
*Looks at thumbnail*  I thought "The Acolyte" got cancelled??
Is there a way to set up an alert so I'm made aware when this hits? I'm gonna forget if its 4 months out, and I don't log into my prime video often enough to check.
First Netflix, now Amazon. Then what? Art in both worlds
any made by Sweet Baby Inc?
Am I wrong or is the song in the end is from Namco Museum? 1:30
Hey Prime can you work with Brandon Sanderson to bring his Cosmere universe to tv?
0:47 WAS THAT MEGAMAN!!???
Wait a second... what Megaman, Classic? X? ZX?
why is concord there 😂😂😂😂 bro thinks he's on the team
How did they get the rights to all these franchises?!?!?!  Holy sht, man!!!
So is this like ready player one?
Was that Keanu???? No Cyberpunk? Are my eyes deceiving me?
Why is kratos in a modern day city? I dont really understand what this is, can someone please explain?
What am I looking at right now!? 😳
Did i just see idris fucking elba as a primaris marine? I did not know i needed this but i did
Why does it have to be on prime??
Correct me if I'm wrong g but is kratos in the modern day?
0:49 Kratos in what looks like a modern day city? Will he fight the Statue of liberty or something?
SIFU ??? WHAT ??? HOW????? Like, actually, what story is there to tell other than the game's ?
I wonder if we're going to get anything bloodborne related for the PlayStation studio stuff
0:50 is that keanu reeves?!
Are my eyes deceiving me or did i catch a glimpse of Kratos, and Jin Sakai?
How much insider is in Concord's team
Why dafok is concord in it?
I don't get! What is this? New console? Or new service?
Is it just me Or does the music sound like Contact with You
0:51 Is that Keanu? What game?
How long are these episodes going to be?
God of War set on Modern Day?
So it's the video game version of "What if...?"?
why is concord on there it’s so bad  it’s not even funny.
Bruh why is concord here?
Is there destiny or am I just dumb
Okay but why is CONCORD in the list of games exactly? A game that is neither "beloved" or "inspired". Talk about not fitting in.
That doesn't look anything like Armored Core. What is this Art Station bs?
Does this mean that the creators of love death and robots have left Netflix- and there won't be a new season - I thought season 4 was already announced?
Is that Keanu Reeves at about 54 seconds in?
Does it happen that the unchosen ones just accidentally open a door type shi
why tf is no one mentioning the fact that keanu reeves is doing the armored core episode 😭
Keanu Reeves at 00:51? Also what game is that based on?
Did anyone else think the thumbnail was darth plagueis? 🤔
wtf is concord doing there? u chose that over other amazing games .. interesting to say the least hh
Wait.. Spelunky will have one episode dedicated to it??? Please tell me there's going to be a S2 and The Binding of Isaac will have its own episode 🙏 😂
what about beast games though? oh wait...
That is a space marine?!
I wonder how they'll handle megaman...? That, and I hope they do an Ace Combat episode in a later season...
Concord? Wtf that failure of a dei pos
What if we turn Fortnite into a series? this is the most corporate slop I've seen in ages sine Ready player one.
KEANU REEVES PILOTS A ARMORED CORE??!!!
Omg… short films on all those games!?
Why is kratos in a modern city?!
Was that fucking Jin Sakai I sneakily saw there 😮
Who is the character at 0:23?
Eeem I don’t understand what is this. New games, nev series- what?
Could’ve sworn I saw Master Chiefs helmet….?!
December 10th? What a nice birthday gift!
How the hell is the protagonist going to survive Spelunky?
So instead of botching one IP at a time, they've moved on to screwing up 15 at a time? Thanks Amazon, love the work you do!
0:49 Kratos in the modern times?
Wow....was that Pacman?
Some of these are gonna be awful I can tell. Also why the fk is Concord there? Literally nobody likes it, and nobody played it during its FREE TO PLAY open Beta.
why does it have to be on prime...ugh
Why waste an episode on Concord though?
No Team Fortress 2? I’m good.
Wait so its not even gonna be a full 40k show?
Why does William Afton have no nose?
Why is Darth plagueis in here?
Does this reminda anyone of Saturday Supercade? And does anyone actually know what that is?
Why does actually look peak? Visuals are insane
At first I thought… woah! Whats Darth Plagueis is doing in Prime Vídeo?!?!
What is this
HOW could they leave out Horizon and Aloy???
Kratos in a modern city? You better not butcher our boy.
0:47 is that megaman?! Please let it be X not megaman
What is this movie even about?
Those space Marines actually looked.... Good???
Am i the only one,who is disappointed,because i was expecting a whole live-action serie for every game?
Ready player two??!?!?!?
0:53 Keane Reeves?
Why... WHY DID I SEE CONCORD in the lineup?!
@0:51 Was tha Keanu Reeves!?
Warhammer Unreal Tournament New World Aeternum God of War Ghost of Tsushima Destiny ? Dungeons & Dragons The Outer Worlds 2 Pac-Man Honor of Kings Armored Core Megaman Exodus Spelunky Crossfire Concord Sifu
Idris Elba with service studs perhaps? 0:22
God of War, Sifu, Ghost of Tsuhima, Warhammer 40k, Armored Core! What else is in this series!? 😮
Concord & epic story? pffft
Is that KRATOS??
Ready Player One spin off?
0:56 man I was hoping for some Cyberpunk.. 0:41 or is it?
Is ghost in this collection ????? Cuz I wanna see
Did I just see fucking Keanu Reeves in an Armored Core???
Darth Plagueus on Prime? Glad they saved you from The Acolyte.
What the f.. is concord doing there 😅😅
Was that titanfall!?
Wait… crossfire? The old free 2 play shooter? CS:GO would be more interesting than the pay 2 win crossfire shooter 😂
It was cabal from destiny 2 or im trippin?
How did Netflix fumble this one lol
CONCORD???? SERIOUSLY??? lol I guess this was in the pipeline before it cratered.
1:17  IS THAT BLOODBOURNE???
Is this a dream?
Why tf is concord here?!1:16
How many psykers do we have to sacrifice for a whole season of 40K animation like this?
So, paid ads?
0:51 Was that a ghost????
wait, things thats are actually being made for fans?!? count me in!
1:02 IS THAT A FUCKING HELLDIVER? U CAN SEE HIS STRATAGEMS TOP RIGHT
What even is this? A movie? Show? Game? I have no idea what's going on anymore 😂
An Armored Core short film... Wtf is happening???
Hold up armored core and 40k?! I’m all up for it, glad I still got prime
fucking concord? WHO CARES ABOUT CONCORD???
Did anyone else think that was Darth Plagueis in the thumbnail?
Is that fuckin Mega Man????
Darth Plagueis? Acolyte S2?
Is that thumbnail a troll on Acolyte? Zihehehe
Bro is that Sifu??? 😭
Is that Keanu Revees at 0:53?
Can somebody explain please
WTF was that Unreal Tournament?  Was that Malcolm?
concord? outer worlds? wuttt
tf is darth plagueis doing in the thumbnail?
Can it be that hard to make a World of Warcraft series finally???
... _How hasn't something like this been done before??_
Concord was announced and is coming out this year why is it here?
Is that Darth Plageius in the thumbnail?
MegaMan is there? Peak
Am I actually getting goosebumps?!
Is this why there has been no info of a new love, death and robots season?
really? Concord? I doubt that is going to age well very soon
No LoL reference?
WAIT, DID THEY TURN PAC-MAN INTO A "PHANTASM SPHERE"?!?
Ermmmm, ❤💀🤖 season 3???...Please?
Who invited Concord?
What an amazing soundtrack?
Wait... did Amazon just announce new Kino?
Darth Plagueis? The thumbnail looks like Darth Plagueis in the awful Acolyte show.😮😵
Kratos seemed to be in present day... Is this gonna be a Fortnite situation? Because if so, I get to see Kratos and Mega Man team up against Tiamat...  I'm gonna cry, it's BEAUTIFUL!!!
Armored Core!?!?!? And WARHAMMER!? Done by BLUR STUDIOS!? Life is good boys.
0:50 is this the only spelunky part?
Armored Core animation?  Best. Day. Ever.
Bro, what the hell is Kratos doing in a city???
1:07 is that the Root Mother from Remnant??!?!
Who’s here after getting the email for GW and is like me, very confused about what’s going on?
why in f*ck is "Concord" mentioned in the description. What a f*cking joke.
So is this like a pilot preview for various potential shows?
Time stamp for Jin please? 🥺👉🏾👈🏾
Who is here in 2024?
Kratos in the modern world?? Uhhhh 😅😅😅
Am I missing something or is that a Half Life/Black Mesa nod at the very end when the premier date is shown…???!
What are all these games doing next to the peak of games spelunky???
ARMORED CORE???? PEAK!!!
why was the music No Mans Sky for the first half? Or am i just crazy
Why does this go so hard.
Kratos in the modern world?!?!
can someone clarify? is this a docu about the games listed(like behind the scenes and stuff?) or a series that tells stories from the games?
Can we just make this entire thing about warhammer?
VALRAK WHERE ARE YA!?!?
Anyone know the music used for this trailer?
Wait... No Halo in a Blur video game anthology series? What is it with that franchise and massively missed opportunities?
Infamous second son?
Malcolm and Unreal Tournament, really? :)
No SEKIRO? We are getting an Armored Core instead?  Holy hell! Sekiro been rumored.
1:10 - Cross Fire?
where is bloodborne
I can remember that amazon made a deal with bioware about mass effect, is that were we gonna see it?
UNREAL TOURNAMENT ACKNOWLEDGED???
what is Kratos doing in a modern city? 🤨
Is Jason Bloodborne gonna be in this?
Spelunky? Really :) and Outer Worlds 2 is teased that way? If this is for December, OW2 needs to be earlier?
AMORED CORE AND GOW??
a god of war episode? If so sign me up
Was that kratos and Leon Kennedy?
Unreal Tournament?! Whatttt
Okay, Mega Man?  PAC-MAN????  You know who we’re going to need in Season 2.
Outer Worlds 2?  Okay, unexpected but so welcome.