What does 7 mean
What is jynxzis server
6:05 why is the tower troop a gooblin hut?????
what do chatgpt meant by zombies?
5:59 why do the elite barbs have an evo?????
Why is bro always removing every single card to get an Evo in instead of just dragging it there
why is anydesk open on his pc??
What TH you guys on clash of clans?
Why does he get so much hate
Why tf is bro blinking so damn HARD
How come in his dc it shows Evo witch but when he's playing it doesn't have evo witch yet
Can you please get some mental help?
why is bro blinking so hard?
Do a deck with evo Witch and evo Goblin giant and Goblin machine and rage and mini pekka and Arrows and fireball and hog rider pls
How do you play clash on PC?
How do you join the discord server
Could sometime like try my deck? Evo archers, mini pekka, freeze, snowball, giant skelleton, goblin barrel, witch? Plsplspls!
What happened to siege?
how do i join the discord server   i searched and its not there
i wanted to try your dads deck but i dont have royal hogs what card i can use instead of them?
how do I join the discord?
What's wrong with his eyes?
How do you join this guy’s discord?
Why do you blink so aggressively ?
why is he like that
How is his throat ok bro
How’s lumberloon bad??? I’ve used a 4.5 lumberloon deck and pushed to 9k😂
Is he autistic or something why is he blinking so weird
do u actually blink like that
Why does this guy blink so hard
why is chat so mean bro
why does his eyes twitch like that dawg
Who is hivise?
How do you win without a spell? You just win like its that simple. it's not some complicated math Lil bro 39:04
how do people stand him bruh 🥀
Did hivis actually get fired?
4:41 ishowmeat?
Am I the only one who keeps noticing the twitching ? ❄️
It’s possible to play clash royale on pc? Huh, good to know
How do you play clash on computer
what is the dc server name and how do i join?
why are you blinking so hard
Did Nick break up with Viper yet?
Was it just me who heard zombies at 25:27?!
Am i the only one that gets annoyed how he replaces the evolutions by removing them?
what does 7 mean and why everyone spamming it?????
Asking a genuine question cuz I'm new here. Does he have tourettes?
how does bro not have windows activated?
what is the app he plays calsh royale guys?
does bro now know how to click and drag????????
Why is he blinking like that
How do u play clash on pc like jynxie
Are those hyper x clouds? Lol
why does he blink like that
how do you join the server
Why does he blink so aggressively
What does the 7 mean
Are you picking the cards with your eyes closed?
Why he blink like that
Why does he blink so aggressively 😭
why doesnt he have evo witch
how is he so bad
Why is this guy so buns
Is it possible for Ken and Jynxzi to have a third match? The stakes would be incredibly high, with the loser facing a dramatic consequence: a 20-day 'kidnapping.
How do you play on pc
Why do you blink like that
what software are u using to run clash on pc
Why did junko switch from r6 to Clash
How do you feel knowing the average age of your viewers is 15
Where is the evo witch
Does jynxi not know how to display 2 windows on windows 11
how do you get clash royale  in your pc
Isn't this the guy who 'accidentally leaked' he makes $450K a month? & yet he can't afford to Activate Windows that affects his viewers experience, damn. But i can totally see his talent of screaming
Who tf is Ken and what is up with all these Clash Royale vids lately.
is u7 buy actually safe? or am i about to get scammed
wasnt the thumbnail just evo royal giants?
I’m confused as to why he’s calling people greaseballs for their decks when he plays giant graveyard with evo witch?
does this mf not have windows
yoo Jynxzi whats the best deck for arena 5 cause rn im using hog cycle?
What’s everyone’s obsession with Megashite?
You tried your viewers dick what now?
I thought he got an ipad,why is he still on pc playing cr?🤔🤔
why did bro change the thumbnail
how much avarage online he has on twitch?
When Kings League video?
how do you play cr on pc
How does bro blink in upper case
Is he actually raging or just acting for entertainment?
Hey I am a newer clash player what are some good tips for new players???
How does he have so many subs? Now wonder why pros are trying to coach him 😂
Why is chat gpt better than him
can u 1v1 me the next time u stream? im on arena 21
only 1 view in 5 seconds? youre washed jynki
How much did supercell pay junko be honest