*Is that not cheating though?*
Was that a Brazilian helping a Greek? Fantastic
Genuinely asking - is there a reduction to the score when the athlete fails to mount the rings like in this case?
sorry but must nit the Trainer help him?
Is it toy story?
Why didn't they adjust for this competitor they knew the height or each candidate. Shame on the olympic organisation that didn't prepare well with equity
Why would this even be a thing?  🤨 Why wouldn’t they always have something to help people get up?  Seems unnecessarily risky to their hands and tendons, since that isn’t part of the sport itself.
Can a greek can do anything without help?
Why was it so high to begin with? Aren't there standard heights for rings?
Is this gymnastics?
Was this serious or a comedy sketch? 😅
Wasn't he using a false grip?
What in the chicken legs!
How was he supposed to get up that high if he didn’t have help?
I guess work on leg day maybe?😅
Not standard height? How did he not know beforehand that they wete too high?
Why there some yellow and blue flags?!?! Wtsfck????
Why this looks like it was shot in 1988
Does he eat soayachaap eith extra malai to make body ?
Are they on the same team or not?
Is it me or his arms looks bigger then his legs 😂
Where was the coach and what was he doing?
I dont know anything about him but aren’t there supposed to be staffs to help him?
But why they dont work on their lower body ?
Why not disqualificated?
What did he called...name?
Shouldn’t those be adjusted for height?
Why is he wearing leggings
Why would the rings be set 5' over his head?
What nonsense is this? How are these worthless are even able to make into Olympics
To look sideways and around in that cross position?  Thats just taking the mick...
What sport is this ?
What is this game called  ??
Do they deduct point for this?
You ask why are gymnasts so jacked?! It's tut my friends.. use h.i.t
And his trainer?
How short is he
Do you know the title of the music at the end
Why did he stop and sniff??
Why are there so many empty seats?
why did they allow kids to compete? 😂
Body shaming!! Don't they feel ashamed to laugh at him?
What's happening?? Who is that guy that helped him??
what track is that?
why do i get goosebumps, i dont even know these people
Is he coach..❤
Am I the only one who finds this ridiculous?
What is the music name
They dont train legs or wot?
I wonder where was his coach ? It's coach duty to help gymnasts to jump
Name of this game?
How do they not have an actual, standardized way of this yet?
The riff at the end,,,.  what si it?!
Music name after he jump on rings ?
Why are they laughing
ARTUR is name of the King .  there is nobility in those who have this name My Name ? Artur
He was helped by the enemy????
why there is not a supporter?
Who heard it? ...Rajan ji
They’re not adjustable?
Does one get to do the menacing sideways stare after they got picked up by the waist?! 🤨
Are they friends? I ask because the Greek specifically called Arthur Zanetti, as if he was calling a friend to solve a problem.
Where is body hair. Shaved?
Why most of them are short? Instead they should be taller because of stretching routine
Come on what kind of gymnast doesn’t have any vertical?
What are Greeks? Slavs and Turks combined.
Wait so the setup is not standardized?
I hate it that people are laughing...why is that so funny?
How do people watch such boring things
I swear they are meant to be lifted ?