Why did Trent's free kick count as an own goal from Leno?
Anyone keep coming back to this?
Why do we have to endure this shrieking banshee?
How did Liverpool score all off those!?
Why are people saying his first goal was an Own Goal?
are the male commentators jobless now?
How has that fourth goal stood shocking
How many top corner goals
Where's the Celebration Police now? 👀
Why did Adrián not play? This keeper is rubbish
Why a female commentator? 😷
I lasted one minute, saw Harry the Welshman score a wonderful goal, but I could not listen to the commentary anymore???
I lasted one minute, saw Harry the Welshman score a wonderful goal, but I could not listen to the commentary anymore???
Am I the only one who thinks its a fould on the back post in the lead up to liverpools fourth?
How does this commentator continue to be employed?
How can they take Trent free kick an OG ???
Foul in the build up for the final goal. What is officiating?
Why are Fulham fans so quiet home and away
Am I the only person to have seen a foul in the Fulham box before Liverpool scored the winning goal?
How is that not a foul on the defender for the last goal? It's late and in the back.
Game of the season so far ?
Was that not a push in the back for the last goal😮
Why are there two women commenting men's game ?
amazing goals from liverpool, but , what was the liverpool keeper doing????
Im so confused as to how the first goal was an own goal for Leno?
How was the free kick from Trent an own goal?
How Liverpool scored 4 screamers I’ll never know
Why was TAA's free kick classed as a Leno OG?
did trent play RB or CM this game ?
So Trent has been denied the first goal, instead it is given as an own goal. Would Alisson save the first two Fulham goals? I think Kelleher could have done better. Liverpool defence is a worry.
Why is there a woman screeching over the highlights ?
No one see a foul on Decordova-Reid before the Trent winning goal though? Great header clear and gets clobbered, or is VAR not allowed to give anything against Liverpool ever again?
Are they serious giving first goal as an own goal !!!!
Is it true that TAA freekick goal was given as an own goal 🥅 what a disgrace
What can you do about four shots like those???
How was Arnold-Trents "winner" allowed when it was a clear foul by Tsimikas!! Terrible refereeing. Will this game be replayed with such a blatant decision going against Fulham, i`m waiting for the media outcry calling for a replay.
How was Trent’s free kick given as an own goal 🤣🤣🤣
🤔 Do you think Liverpool have been practicing shooting in the top right corner? 😋
Are they seriously calling that an og
Why the 2 female commentators? They just don’t sound anywhere near as good as the male ones
What's the Liverpool keeper doing?
Why have fotmob labelled trents free kick as a leno own goal
Can anybody think of a game where one team scored so many spectacular goals?
how has the first goal been given as an own goal. Leno is nowhere near him and it hasnt hit his back and gone in
Sky why wasn’t this on the tv and instead West Ham v palace was??
When the hell did Liverpool get Son?  & Fulham were unlucky🥶
Why is two tings commentating?
Is the first ever top flight game to have two women commentating?
How on earth has that first goal been given as a Leno OG. I don’t understand 🤷🏼‍♂️
Why are two women commentating? They're so irritating
Surely lpools luck will run out sooner or later? Too many games this season where they have been average/lucky but managed to bag the points
Two female commentators on a men's Premier League game?
How was that put as an own goal
why is trents free kick classed as an own goal?
How can the first be a Leno OG??
Could they find commentators that sound more excited when goals go in
Why they got women commentating on mens game?
I don’t get it. Why does everyone rate Keheller so much? Massive drop in standards, looks like we are going to concede all the time when he plays. He doesn’t make glaring errors, he just doesn’t cover or fill the goal
Am I the only one who can't stand female commentators?
What happens when our defence that usually has the best keeper in the world surely gets injured and his back up is leagues below the standard we have been custom too. Ali saves two of those easily
reece james  who???
Was this a goal of the month compilation I clicked on by accident?
Why are there women commentating on games now??
All 4 goals ruined by femal commentary. Does anyone have the male commentary version please.?
They didn’t give Trent the free kick goal?? Bit harsh to call it an OG
Some great goals. Am I the only one who noticed the blatant foul on the Fulham player as he was going to clear the ball with a header for the 4th Liverpool goal?
Did they really have two women commentating this game?
How was Liverpool's first goal called as an OG?  The keeper is nowhere near getting a touch on it!  That's Trent's goal 100%!  Kelleher at fault for first two Fulham goals (Allison saves those) and VVD should never be outjumped at the back post for the third.  Three ridiculous goals to give away, but the quality we have now in midfield won the day for us.  COYR!  YNWA!
2:30 how's that not a free out?
I'm an Arsenal fan, but why were all of Liverpool's goals genuinely INSANE?!
How Trents first goal is not attributed to him is beyond me.
Why do we have 2 women’s commentators on a men’s premier league game. Bizarre.
Why are there female commentators?
How the hell can the premiere league take that 1st off trent ?? The goalie never touched the ball.
can we respect how hard fulham tried huge respect to them
Why are women commentating?
Did you really expect tap ins when the classic predators have just dropped
Liverpool let in 3 weak goals today with a poor defence?? . But scored 4 stunning long shot goals. Well done.
Nobody gonna talk about kelleher’s positioning? That headed goal from Reid more specifically 😳 he was at least 5ft out of position. Defensively we weren’t the best but realistically we only conceded as many as we did due to kelleher’s mistakes/lack of ability in comparison to Alison. It’s a shame, kelleher knows himself that he’s better than todays performance
How Trent’s free kick has been given as an own goal is beyond me!
Didn’t have this on TV just so you could have two female commentators on?
Is Allison injured ? Feel like score would’ve been less against Liverpool if Allison was playing or just giving other keeper a chance?
Is it just me who thinks Mo Salah is so consistant with goal contributions.
Why female commentators though?
Can someone explain why the first goal was Keeper own goal..
Why do we need female commentator in men's game?
Why have a commentator with no excitement
When is Allison back?  2 out of 3 conceded goals should have been saved by the GK.
Good game but this is honestly horrible from a supposed title contenting Liverpool. How are they letting in 3 goals at home to a relegation team? Bizarre!
How many 'hold my beer' goals do you want in 1 game? 😂
2 women commentators on a men's game. Are they there because they're good commentators? Or is it because broadcasters are forcing to have an X number of "diverse" commentators on games?
How on Earth was that a Leno own goal
How did Trent not get awarded the first goal?
Trent in midfield + Bellingham would’ve been unbeatable   Which makes your question why England still haven’t won anything?  Southgate is really that much of a brick
Who decided it was a good idea to let 2 female commentators do the game? 🤦‍♂️
How can they call that first goal a own    Goal
Who are the two prepubescent teen lads on commentary? Nice to see young lads getting a chance, even though it reminds me of when me and my friends at nine years old would replay games and do commentary on them. Good on these young lads.
Can anyone explain why Trents free kick was a Leno own goal?
Will mo salah score his 200 goal at anfield it will be a shame if he didn't 4 goals today even not on the score sheet
Did this game have two female commentators?!
How was that trent strike an own goal didn’t see it touch anyone else
How good has Alexander arnold been class player
How did the first one go down as own goal
How is that not a foul for the 4th goal😂😂
Why was the first goal given as an OG?
Do they really have to use woman commentator? If they really use woman touch in football they can use it during match analyses after the game, which i never watch! But they use ex footballer then! I had to mute tv during the whole game Woman voice just doesnt go with football. It goes with tennis or volleyball but never heard a woman commentator for basketball game either.
How on earth has the 1st goal been given as an OG to Leno, give Trent his goal
Arnold wasn't given the goal?
How has arnold scored more goals than a cm in 1 game 😂❤❤
How come when I look at the stats of the game I says the first goal was an open goal ??? Trent should have 2 clear goals there
Why does every presenter on male football seem to be female these days
Why is there 2 women commenting?? ☕️
why do fulham fans barley celebrate when they score? shite fanbase
That Liverpool 4th goal, how was that not a free kick?
Has there ever been 4 better goals by the same team in the same game?
How can they have female commentators for that game, the commentary for them goals should be a lot better than it is .
Why is Kelleher still at Liverpool!?
How is the fourth goal given, when there’s a foul on Reid? Too 6 bias again
how did liverpool score four stunners
What is goiong on with Nunez?
Can someone tell me how that free kick was a leno og?
Why am I listening to two 12 year old boys commentating on the mens game?
Why have Sky condensed this down to under 3 minutes??? Give us more!!
Why do we have 2 women commentating on this game? It really is getting ridiculous
Why do people hate Liverpool? I don't understand? 🤔
How is that not a foul for the last goal 😂🤣