6:54 Is that sign an actual joke or does it serve a purpose? Never seen 'em THAT big before. lol
1:10 Where’s the candy nuggets?
Why are people eating children?
What in the jurassic world is that mosqutio
5:19 anyone gonna talk about the price number?
Who’s in? 2050
How many cows fall
Haddock is a type of fish   Edit: For the medal part is there a medal named "1rd" somewhere?
What is everybody doing here then?
Who wants to have free chat time?
What happened to the signs 😂, The signs are not like that 😂
Why is there a wet floor sign in the pool on a surfboard?
9:54 Can I sell MY anxiety disorder?
how did they not notice, at 4:58, that the sign wasn't even for coffee? If you look at the very top, it's actually for COCA COLA.
What if they mean chicken🤔 fingers
1:10 Was that made by ai?
Btw the thumbnail sign is from weirdcore reality maybe? So the mosquito grabbing a person supposed to make it like weirdcore
Is fashion art actually😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
When is the new insane craft coming out?
This designs really real?
5:48 I saw this coming back from my school and they put a sign that says wrong way the right way but why just they can flip the sign back?!?!?
2:11 where did the other 3 people come from? There’s 3 people on the bridge
911 what is your emergency?  People: um…the mosetots are not moscato.
1:15 what about a U turn?
6,666 hens eggs   what?
13:21 What if I wanted to feed them chicken fingers?
Who wants SSundee and the 3 idiots (Zud,Biffle and Sigils) to react to idiots in cars (im not a like beggar and im giving the boys an idea to react to Something else but its their choise to react to something good or dumb we will see what they will react to next)
4:00 huh hows p#@$ purple?
Who else is here fairly early
12:44 did sigils dyslexia make this?
What the hell?
Is there wrong way?
Ian, can you read?😂 oh yeah also I’m a big fan of you.😅 10:53
Why is this video made in july 23 ? That is like 2-3 weeks away?
Did they notice thru
4:00 Huggy? Is that you?
Was anyone else YouTube down
did anyone look at the sign that said coffee and what not it was coco cola they sell soda
July 23 Aug 8???????
Does anyone else find it strange that Zud just despises any and all jokes but is always calling himself Spider-Man? *Spider people make jokes. Kind of a rule Zud.* 😊
Wait What... They recorded this at JULY 23, 2024 But now its AUGUST 9 ?? SO THEIR LATE!!!
why do i feel like ive seen this before?
why i cant change the video quality to 720P???
Why did ssundee keep messing up the signs as he read 😂😂😂😂😂
How long did it take to edit this video because this video was posted on August 8 and they are at July 13 so how long did it take to edit a single video???
anybody here hates bots?
The amount of hen's eggs? 🤨
July 23?!!!????!! How long does it take to edit a video or are theese prerecorded like 2638 years ago to post thwm every week what
Why is sunndees time say 23 th of july?? Its 8 of august