Am I the only one who likes Helene's voice more?
Why is the older woman performing in a swimsuit???
Who else noticed that their voices are the same..? 😍😍
Why couldn't she just wear an "elegant dress" as well..? Looks like I sparkly swimsuit with a LONG beach cover😂
i thought i can finally enjoy this song with her, but no... helene had to take a fucking part of this! WHY?
What is Helene wearing..a bathing suit? She should have worn a better dress like Emma!
Is this AI???
Someone tell me: IS THIS CLASSICAL MUSIC WHAT THESE GIRLS PRETEND TO DO?!
One is singing the song, the other is living it out and performing. Do you know which is which? I do. So obvious. What a beautiful performance.
Really, a sparkly leotard?.Dreadful. (The singing is another level, though.) Beautiful.
Why is Emma dressed so classy and the other chick is dressed like an exotic dancer
Why is she wearing a bathing costume under that yellow thing?
Amazing how she’s simply better somehow not that the others bad but still ???
Why is Helene singing in a swimsuit?
Why is Helen in a swimsuit?  Why isn't she dressed classy, like Emma??
What is Helene wearing tho 🫣
why did Helen Fisher decide to be half naked for this performence????? No class at all
Why has this become a judging contest?! Please enjoy the beauty here by 2 talented ladies!
Is this Barbaras music ?
Why is she singing such a song almost naked? strange people this days...
is it me or is her voice sort of non-interesting
Was it really necessary to be half naked to perform on this young girls night ???
Why do most people feel the need to say terrible things about Helene and good things about Emma. Wait, is it out of pity because of her health condition or what, hmmmm. Is it that you don’t see and hear how their voices complemented each other for a beautiful show. I love their performance and not out of pity.
Why is she wearing lingerie, bedroom clothes?
Who is Helene? Thats Emmas song 😇💚
How can someone dislike this video? 🤡
Why is Helene wearing such a thing?
aren't the guys at the 0:34 adorable?
where can i get more songs like this?
Why is she in swimsuit singing next to a talented child ?
why is Heleme on the stage? she is vocally out of he class any only there for the payroll
Who is this woman walking into Emmas song?!
What on Earth is she wearing ???
What is the shit that helene wear so disgusting outfit
What genre is this called
What the hell is the blonde wearing?? Inappropriate or what!,
Is it more comfortable to sing without pants?
Why is the old bird singing in a swim suit ?
Why are we judgmental to  others than of ourselves!!! Think a little before asking unnecessary questions!!!
is it ok to cry now
Did the lady in yellow forget to get dressed,she came from the beach with her costume
Why is people got so much attention for stuff that they do covers on?
Why are all the comments german and not dutch Emma is dutch
Why is Helene in baiting suit?! Isn’t her voice enough/?
So Helen, how does it feel to literally steal the spotlight and the unique singing parts/style of a young star who is just taking the value of the lyrics of a legendary singer and the story describes so well what she's going through???
who is the one wearing swimsuit
How does this tiny young lady have such a powerfull , emotive singing voice..   she is an incredible talent..  God bless her..  💜
Why is she wearing a bathing suit?
Where is this city
Does anyone know why she pronounces it 'Frola' ? Which language is that ?
Why would they make this a duet. Are they trying to embarrass Helene Fischer?
Why is she dressed as if she is going to the pool
Were are Emma’s wings? I am sure she should have some somewhere! She sings like one, anyway.
No Covid certificate needed anymore to attend to these occasions??? Where do we live???
Who is crying?
have you thought about the fact that helene is more singing to compliment emma? its not supposed to sound equal or even equaly comming from heart. as a matter of fact helene has already become a singer and is not the desire to succeed in her voice.
Why not just let Emma do her thing? 🤦
Please can someone be kind enough to interpret the song,  just a brief one?  🙏
To sweet Emma,  How do you hide those beautiful white wings in the back of your dress??
Why the lingerie while on stage with a child?
where the hell is Celine Dion ?
Lucie sings it better. Plus why is that woman on stage wearing a leotard and a shower curtain? Who told her that outfit looked good?
Beautiful singing, yes. But why is the lady on the left wearing a swimming suit and a robe?
why  she is in a swiming costume?
Is this what angels sound like it’s amazing
Is her music "Emma"
I wonder why Helene is wearing a bathing suite? ;) Emma absolutely stunning performance!
So a Dutch girl is singing French in a German show? 😂
What on earth is is Fischer wearing? That is in very poor taste.
1 question; who was the dumb brain behind this duet?  Helene was the pupil in this case, sorry.
Who is Helena's costume designer?  It's not normal to go out and sing with a child in a bodysuit.  I understand that the figure needs to be emphasized, but Helena’s latest images are more suitable for the Red Light District.
Why is Helene fischer on stage in a bathing suit?... is that new?... I personally had never heard of Helene fischer... but Emma was clearly the better one here...
What on earth, those voices, Emma's power,......