is this animal ancestor a dilofasourus?
Any update about this pet?
What do you mean
Frilled dragon? We call them frilled neck lizards in Australia and I've never heard them called anything else 🤷🏽‍♀️ 😂
How about three headed snakes that will be cool
What about 6.7/10??
How much does this all cost?
Did anyone see how many emails he got?😂
Is that dilophosaurus?
Eight hundred bucks for an Aussie lizard? There are Samoyed puppies that can be sold for $14k!
Why do guys commenting on this video
david attembrough collab?
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS THING?????
Is teh frilled dragon named squishy squashy flufferkins
Did you went back in time and grabbed a dinosaur?
Is that YouTube?
Who actually buys plants from walmart
Can it breathe fire?
Do you know what the reminds me of it’s actually from a Dilophosaurus
Where does all of your other pets go?
what is the name      67
Hey, can I have a pet? I want a pet snake because my daddy keeps on bothering me about a snake
quick question, I just started watching you’re videos today 10/18/25 and wondered do you keep all the animals you buy or do you like sell them or give them to family ?
What are fish 🐠 or are fish just fish?🐠
What is the meaning of DIY decorations and also cute dinosaur there my friend
Why is this tank vertical instead of horizontal?
But for real does he have teeth? What harm can he really do?
How do you get so much money
Isn’t that a dilophosaurus!?
So you are not scared that it will escape outside?
Is that a dragon cannelloni
What dinosaur was this in jurrasic park again
WHY IS IT SO FREAKING CUTEE 😭🤚🥺🥺🥹🥹
Whos here in 2025? 👇
Why is there a log on his table? 10:03
What to you do with all the animals you buy, like your Goliath bird eater?
Got a question how can you legally import animals like that into the United States? People would have to have a specialized license in order to keep them as pets because if they get out and escape into the wild, they can propagate and spread damaging ecosystems.
So how's Ur first look at my country's animals?🥺🥺😁😁
Can you please buy a baby shark and a king cobra snake please? I want to see you feed it.
why always walmart every day
IS REID HERE?!?!?
Bru how rich are you?? U actually hired david attebborough to narrate a scene for this video!! As if all the stuff to get this running wasnt enough and u snapped that branch right 😂 :P cool vid
How do you have a lot of money to buy all of those pets when you spend all of it on buying all the pets if you need for the video of you make😅
What the fuck?
Why are you keeping these eyes your pet?
Can you do a walking fish pls i like and subscribe
This video was made from 2025... right?
What is it called? The website
Why did you lie? I wanna see when his head popped out?
Is that a dilophasarus
are these legal to own in bc canada? really wanting to make my own jurassic park of lizards, thanks to my folks property
Wont it outgrow this tank like immediately?
Is that chicken shelly?? :0
Is that me or is that a dilophosauras
Do the face reveal
Why would you put snake fangs on him in the still..? That’s confusing & stupid. They don’t have fangs.
How tf did it breath in the box and sealed container with no holes to breathe from?
Are they similar to bearded dragons?
YouTube… are you actually real!?
Bro how much Money do u have?  (Im ur biggest fan)
Do a face reveal please
IS TAHT A DILOPASOURUS?????
Why would you own an animal you're afraid of?
Is that dilophosaurus?
Omg I saw it in my backyard and I was like wth is that!?!!
Terra, why did they change the dubbing on the spanish channel?
Is that moss real?😮 😮🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤😂 make sure you take care of the dragon
Am İ the only one who finds it cute?
It’s my first ever time making videos but how long are you gonna make your videos for another year or so for 20 more years or one year old? I’m just saying I just want you to ask my question bye now
Why are you making a documentary like bro? That’s dumb like bro that’s dumb actually you think I’m lying. I’m not.
What is this dinosaur name?
I wish I could get that Dino 🦖 it’s so cute and adorable! But chases me tho…does it?
That is a T Rex dinosaur or Iguana?
What about your name?
terragreen what about a pet Fox?
Why is  it kinda cute😂
Oh my gosh, is this the real YouTube?
How much do you even have? Do you have $1 trillion like how much money do you have?😊
im not sure if arid australian grassland has much in the way of moss... if its a proper australian frill neck? it wants it hot. and DRY.
Why is the background paper? For the steps
Is he still doing good today?
What is a Dubai? 8:08
Bro what happens to all yo pets when the video finishes?
Do you need to do a jellyfish?
How Much did it cost ?
How many pets do you have
Where do you put all your other animals? Do you keep them or do you put them back?
what spray foam do you use?
Is that YouTube themselves?
Why is chasing someone
Can you name him dilo because it's looks like the dilo from Jurassic park
Why dose this remind me of jurassic park?
I wonder, will he Like my cat?
Don’t those things live in the desert?
Why does YouTube create this?
How are you super rich?
Does your mom have an OnlyFans?
Why does Walmart have plaints can someone tell me 😅💐🌸🌱⚘️🌻🍁🍂🍃
Why get a distantly related lizard when you can get a real dinosaur? Chickens make pretty good pets...
Why was that documentary actually fire
Wait... An animal native to Australia and it's not venomous? Wasn't sure where they're from, but they're hella cute.
Why do he act like that and why do you keep him?😢😢😢😢
Hi love him so much, how is he getting on? I really want one will there be a follow up video?
What the heck is 😂
How many pets do you have?
Can you face reaveal?? Please🥺
I notice that many YouTube only for clicks many exotic animals buy. What do they do with the many animals? Some have made so many videos that they would have to have the whole house full. What happens next to the animals. Can he show his collection or are the animals simply thrown away like an old toy?
Where do you store and keep al your pets and animals ?
I don’t know why nobody ask this, but I am going to how does he take care of so many animals at once?
What is the most craziest pet you have had?
Hi!Your currently my favourite youtuber,iMy hamsters just died and i had a really strong bond with them,Yeah im crying now...Can i get a pin?Im trying to get a pin from my top 3 favourite youtubers...RIP snowy🪦🕊️🐹 RIP  oreo  🪦🕊️🐹
What the heck is that thing? I know I’m weirdly seeing other dinosaurs but bro, I do not like that one bit.
Who did do the narration?
Is this save or not
What do you do with these exotic pets and their enclosers when your done with them?
Could u ship that to me?
How did YouTube Get in here
Where do you keep your pets when ur done with it
is it an grown one or a baby because it looks cute
Where did you get the enclosure? I’ve been searching for one but they are not fit enough.
When is it birthday? You should do a part two and buy three more.
Wait a min you tube? 💀💀💀💀
Is that YouTube 😮😮😮😮😮
Do  you know  that is a reptile
What its name?
How are you doing YouTube?
You didn't even pick him up with your hands???
How much animals/insects do you have?
Bro how rich are you?
How do you take care of all your pets???
How much money do you have
So is shipping an animal in a box like that safe?
Has anybody watched the gorilla tag cause do you recognize that voice?
How did you get the crickets in without getting them all over your house?
How do they survive the shipping process? 😮
So are they legal?
Ur mom is a cutie! Wonder if she’d let me hold her???
how bout YOU name him
Real david attenborough cameo?😂
do you still have him
is your mum single?
How much money was all of it together
Wait you can send animals through packages!???? That’s messed up..
Did ya bake that branch in oven for a while to sanitize of parasites?
I don’t know if it’s just me has anybody noticed that YouTube has been commenting on more and more videos? 👇
Is that enclosure really enough? Seems really minimal
Was the foam safe or made of an arguing-couple-you're-visiting kinda toxic?
Actually Walmart to get plants?
Have you ever watched the movie, Holes
What happens after the vids to the pets?
Why he lowkey so chill
Why is nobody saying anything about the legend Sir David Attenborough?
What is the app that you get the animals from Walmart is the best spot to get plants
How is he actually so chill tho???
Does it spit venom just like the movie? (Jurrassic park)
why is the terrarium so tall? these things like to run
Do you still have it
Will he stay your pet? If not, please keep him your pet and can you see him and other videos? Pls❤😊😮
Will he stay your pet? If not, please keep him your pet and can you see him and other videos?
Anyways, can you make a video where you help a bearded dragon?
Yo what happened to the quality?
What kind of accent is that?
2:57 what was the problem with that guy!?
Can you pls tell me the size of the "home"
Dragon? They change the name from frilled lizards?
How many pets do you have first you by a new pet then like do you 😢the other ones away
How do u take care of all your animals
What’s the website called?
Hi I would love to know if the frilled dragon plush is out of stock?
How do you clean its cage?
You do keep the animals after the video.. right? Just thinking like you only get them for video purposes, but made me think 😂
plants you bought so you stole the Lego plants?
Is this even legal lol
Are you in Australia 🇦🇺
Why you always do that?That's to your life
Is yo ever got scamed
Why did you cut the branch with a knife?
Is thats lizard or dragon or dinosaurus? 🗣
What happen with the animals after the video?
How many pets do you have
i really want a raccoon, I'm in UK. How should i get one?
Why does bro love walmart so much. Its just a store and u mention it every video. Cute dino too
12:27 what about Elon Musk?
how many pets do u have
How much money have you spent in all your videos all together
Guys I’m  George from Peppa the pig I lost my dinosaur is that him?
Maybe mr dilopho?
Did you know that this was a type of dinosaur
How come you never showed your face
How much y'all wanna bet he put those lego flowers back in the enclosure when the video ended
does anyone remember the Jurassic Park  game with this dinosaur ....
Is it only me who's more into his mom than his pets?😂man  she hot af😵🤘
What your real name
Is it crazy? I literally have one right now.
Are you on computer or Xbox or iPhone or tablet or are you just watching it on your TV?
Is it a dinosaur...?  It's cute btw 😊
Bro us Aussie be living with massive spiders a dinosaur’s and dingo’s what ‘s next walking grass?
Where do you put all the rest of the animals
Did you named it billy
Where is the best place to get plants plant place or wallmart Correct answer wallmart
Did you realy highered david attemborough???
Youtube you have time to watch videos ??
IS THAT THE YELLOW SPOTTED LIZARD?
isnt that the poison spitting rodent from Ark: Survival Evolved?
The cheepest dirt? You known outside is full of free dirt
How old is it 😂
Can you make a video getting a pet *my pfp*
Are u that kid from mitchels vs the machines
bro i have a question what do you do whit other animals in other videos ??
No drainage layer?
Where do you keep all your pets????
Where can I get it from?
What IS Hes Name?
What is YouTube doing here?
YouTube, I don’t know you comment on this video comment what’s up?😮 😊😢😢
Do u keep all these pets and have to feed them EVERYDAY???
What if you being lied to, and being sold a normal lizard that got imitation frill glued to its head and it will never spread 🙂. Will he still be an addition to the family?
Why are you doing this you crazy boy?
Why is YouTube here?💀
What happens if he poops?😂
What do you look size
What does bro do with his animal after he's done with a video?
How was it breathing in box
Dosent that need a drainage layer?
are you still taking care of him?
1:07 is that a blind bag?
Where does bro take the pets
What do you do with the pets when your done?
Does anyone else miss when TV didnt have someone's idiot kid getting paid to add commentary to its own sponsored content? Makes the video unwatchable for me. Not interested in buying whatever BS this was made to sell
what is fedex
what is walmart because I am from Myanmar 🏫
Why do sound like Sid the sloth from ice age
You don't have a saw?
What do you do with the pet after the video
Can you do a video of how is it like to keep a Brumby Australia wild horse as a pet please I’m your biggest fan
Why did you put the giant sound
what is the app to get exotic animals
what is the app to get exotic animals
How well do your other pets score with your mom?
Cool pet dude, btw is your mum single by chance?
Why is it so cute
is your part time job being slenderman what the hell are those notes
Before anyone says it this is no where near a dinosaur you can call it one but how? The dilophosaurus didnt have frills so it cant be called something similar to it unless you like jurassic world/park and yes the following emojis is me -> 🤓☝️ <- big nerd
Looks like pet in clash of clan You guys agree?
What country are you in and where did you find that website?
The main animal? Dinosuar+dog+lizard
Did you really just cut a branch with a kitchen knife!??? And a non serrated blade??? Bruh…
What is his name…
Why did the guy at 2:55 cuss you out? I mean Walmart isnt the best place to get plants for exotic animals, but it doesn't mean cuss someone out because of it.
Why are you making it look like a forest?? It should be a red dirt scrubland.
He knows to take a shower but not a bath?🤣
what do you use to edit your vids
How do you know what a Dinosaur acts like?
What happened to the ant farms?
i like your videos but.. you do know home depot... Right?
Have u been geting all the stuff from Walmart?
Which dinosaur it looks like, can anyone tell me? Dont tell me its the Jurassic Park Dilophosaurus 😂😂😂
What are you going to name it
Are they actually called "frilled dragons"? I always called them "frilled lizards" and now I've watched this video and am doubting my child hood.
They shipped him in a box like a package ?? 😭😭😭
Awesome man.  How old are you?
9:43 one question . Why did you make him a jungle biome?
Is that youtube
I wonder how much it cost all fourniture+car+animal ?
I subbed pls pin?
8:31  Why did I think that was Donald trump?😭😭😭💀
I thought dinosaurs are already extinct??
How do you have chickens?
Like a what?
2:47 is this ad for Walmart?
Was it your voice impression of David Attenborough or A.i
Who else imagined the Jurassic park theme song when they saw the Dinosaur
I wonder how the dinosaur would react to my dogs
Why is the “David Attenborugh” voice act is very similar lmao
Anyone here in 2034 October?
Awww wait ima goose... Does it eat Geese?  Probably not😅
where did you get him from I've been looking for one for a long time and haven't found any for sale
What is the website
Do you keep every pet or put in a new house
Wtf since when did a frilled go for $800?
Is that the Lego sound
how can you not shake the cricket bag
Are u in the dinosaur age?
It's Dilophosaurus?
What kind of dog is that?
What happened to your phone?
What is the name
cute!!!!!!!! i khow its not  a dino but chinchilla????
Hi TerraGreen. Do you plan to bring out your videos also in German?
Prehistoric is cool, I wonder if he ever started touching him yet?
WHY IS IT SO CUTE
If none of you are subscribed then why are you watching?
Can you do a bearded dragon please
What’s the website??
What do you do with your other pets
Do a trapdoor’s spider
can't tell if this guy is a bostonian or not
Should his aquarium be a lot wider than tall
How tf dose he not have 1 million subscribers
Wait did this get reposted?
I'm curious, what are you doing with all these pets after the video's? Do you keep them in your home till you eventually  have a whole zoo in your house? The care for all these fellas must be insane
how many emails is that? 2:41
how old are your mom ;D
How do u not have basic tools like a saw. I mean its kinda australian cause its a" knoife" but get urself to the australian home depot and grab some tools so ur not cutting branches with steak knives
Mrbeast has more subs then YouTube?
Can u pet an baby alligator?
Is this McCartney Stan? Bro used to be my favorite Minecraft youtuber. Def subbing!
How is it a dinosaur? It looks just like any other lizard, except for the frill, which the dinosaur in a movie you're basing that on, didn't have.
How much in total did this all cost?
... Have i gone crazy or is that just a normal dog?
When will you post your next video?
I thought these were known as basilisk and live in the desert of Australia?
Is it poisonous? Looks like it could bite you in the nut sack
What’s the spray in the background? 1:12
Why do you don’t just get a bird? Like a cassowary or cassowary
Yellow Spotted Lizards from Holes movie do actually exist?!
when will you post a vid I am waiting
You put Miracle Grow soil in there?.... like fertilizer and additives aren't a thing? 🤡
can u do a crested gecko ecosystem pls and name him or her if it is a her name it job for a boy name it bob
Can you get a termite queen and king for 30 days but make sure the termites are warm not hot and cold
Shipping live animals in boxes? Wtf? 🤦
Hey! What do you do with your aquariums, terrariums and ecosystems? Do u keep em?    PD:idk if terrarium is the same as ecosystem so I put both
What are you going to name for your  pet
Is it deadly?
Dude your scared with the glove on ? 😂
How about the comments decide to name it?
Have you ever tried using Home Depot?
Can you name him scratch?
Acts liek a dinosaur. ? Whoa who recorded how dinosaurs act
Where can I get one at? I wanna buy one
Next video? Has too be axolotl
Its delivered in a box?!
Whats the font in thumbnail?
How did you do the David Attenborough impression? It's so good!
Where do you keep all the animals? Is there  room or something? If yes I would like to see it
Where is the cows killer?
Can you feature him in more videos? I love him so much 😍😍 (also I have a roblox hat that's a friled dragon 😁)
Yo pause what did you say? 4:07
What kind of dog is that?
@TerraGreen1 Do you think that Komodo Dragons 🦎🐉🐲are also like dinosaurs?
My dog does not bite hes cute isnt he?   The dog in question:
is it cute or what
Were you... frilled to get him? 😅
Why do us aussies have all the weird animals?
What are you gonna name it?❤
can someone please call animal care on you?
Are you Benoftheweek in a undercover account why do you act and speak exactly like him😭
Cutting a branch with a kitchen knife? You made me laugh!😂😂😂
Did you actually name is Dino because I’m not done watching the entire video so I don’t know what you’re gonna name it but In the thumbnail it had a leash on it and said Dino so I don’t know if your actually name it That or not😮
How much money do you have $800 $800 what for a dinosaur?
Whats the Name of the Website?
OMG where can I get this or is it an extinct?
Excuse me for a minute, "LIKE A WHAT?" *Insert of a picture of a guy named itchy balls or somethinglike that.*
Is the dino thing a he or is she?  but he is cute
Is it if it was a dinosaur if I said dinosaur how come I can't not hear a roar
How do people like you get so many subs in only a couple videos
Does anyone know good recipes for overnight oats?
Anyone remember these from Ty the Tasmanian tiger game? Lol!
Where do you buy that mouse
What does he do with them after? Does he keep them?
Wait how did it survive in the package?? No air holes and in a closed bowl? Am I missing something or do these guys not need oxygen lol
Do you keep these pets?
Can you do a tutorial on how to make a crested gecko home
How did the wood not burn
is it that lizard from clash of clans
Does that thing spits poison like a Dilophosaurus
How does one have 500k subs and over 3 million viewers holy sh-
Should I subscribe?
What about a drainage lair
What about Preston?
So cute what dog breed is this? 🥰
Love the vid what’s next???😮😅😂❤🎉
They ship dinosaurs now???😂
Can u simulate a mesa biome with cow killers?
Why does the enclosure have more vertical space than horizontal? What’s the point of it being so tall?
When is the next video going to come out
is that the thing from holes
The dinosaur is always like why are you running? Why are you running?!
They shipped a lizzard?
Is a fish
What type of dog is that
But are they close to the correct plants or just what you like and not the lizard based off of home habitat conditions?
How many pats does bro have
Dream home? It’s like 2x2 base footprint and 3 feet high. That would be like an adult person living in a 10x10 box bro.. let these exotic animals live their lives.. places should be shut down selling these animals and people should go to jail buying them and doing this
Is it legal to own a frilled lizard
What is the app?
Isn't this set up for an Indonesian frilled dragon, as cool as the enclosure looks I believe humidity should be similar to a bearded dragon for the australian version
who think it looks like a bearded Dragon?
What is your favorite animal you have now
I have an idea for a name, how about "Fossil"?
Could you have got a smaller tank?  Cheapskate
Do you just have a big room with a bunch of animals lol
Do it spit acid?!?
Is that the thing from hole?
Why would you buy that
Since when has it been called a Dragon? It's a frilled necked lizard. I'm Australian too.
What is this, Holes?
4:27 you know axes exist?
since you are the "weird animal guy", can you try to keep as a pet a mantis shrimp?
What happens if you put your dragon guitar?Make a little house for it
Im sorry did they ship the animal in the mail AND inside a box? Not your fault but a dumb thing on their end
Maybe keep chunks of mice in your freezer and feed it that? If snakes can eat it I don’t see why this reptile cant
Didn't this guy fight ultraman?
Why does it fortnite sounds
How do you have so much space in your house to keep all those animals 😮
Can u face reveal pls?
Whats his name?
This guy literally tame every single animal what his gonna tame next a polar bear??? Your guess in the comments                                          ⤵️
Is it called rexy
My question how do you have so much money!?
howd you tame it? knock-out or passive? does it eat extraordinary kibble or exceptional?
Why does your voice sound like carty
Quick question. Do you all synchronize your uploads? I feel like recently your uploads have all been on the same day or two day period. In any case, great stuff!
What do you use for editing.?????
What if bro accidentally forgot to buy the lizard
why no videos?
How about Draco Malfoy?😂😂
Do you have a name for him??
When they say something like “u will see it later in the video” and then show a blurry version of it then I don’t want to see it anymore cus I saw what it’s built like SO JUST MAKE THE WHOLE SCREEN WHITE NEXT TIME AND ADD A BLACK QUESTION MARK IN THE MIDDLE. WHO ELSE IS WITH ME? 👇🏻
what is the website to buy it
Can it spit poison tho?
How do you afford to get all these animals?
What about the spitting part of the dinosaur
Why the mom look like a body builder or a Mr clean with hair female version
How much money did you spend on this whole project!?
It is a dinosaur how? There were a species of raptor that had those frills and had poison
Why is the dragon thing screaming
Dogs don't bite you? have you never been near a chiuaua? the big ones tho, yeah their chill
Are they in Australia? They look like it  I’m gonna buy one  We have to hide it from the government
What the what is going on here
Did u actually keep the walking fish?
What’s the website link?
How many pets do you have? Can you giveaway one of your pets to me
Teacher: what did you guys do this summer?” That one kid:
How about you call your pet lizard Drago
Who thinks this looks like a Dilophasphours 👇
Who’s here Befor this video goes viral? 🎉😂
Does it hurt when it bites you
What happens if another meteor falls?
did anyone hear "boowomp" a few times in this videos? just noticed it
What is scary about him, he looks cute
Why dose the wood and durt look delicious, why do I want to eat the enclosure now ???😂
Are you in Texas
Terragreen what should I call you Terragreen or terragreen1?
Hey when is the cowkiller video coming?
What’s the better pet: a dinosaur, or a walking fish? Subscribe
I thought you were getting the bees Who Kill con????!???
Terra cow killer?
Whens the cow killer vid?
Did it hurt you because if it does you’re gonna have to go to the doctor?!
I don’t know why pet stores don’t import this kind of lizard. You can always find bearded dragons at pet stores which also come from Australia but never a frilled lizard. Why??
can your chickens escape from your backyard?
How did you do it in a week even though You posted it 2 hours ago
you got soo many pets....how do you even take care of em?
Genuine question, did you make profit creating these videos?
Where is the velvet ant video
So many people are 200 million years old terra green is 200 million and another YouTube Chanel has a fish fossal type thing, why are so many people 200 million years old ?
Is that a Dilophosaurus?
ya know what season it is??   ITS COW KILLER BEE SEASON BABY