Who’s here after supernova trailer?
The KONG and Godzilla fight face and the end who win?
Is Don king involved in the fight???!!!
Is this film based on true events?
Is this on PS5 ?😂😂
The guy from fortnite?
Can you please make some thing like that?
So the other new  creature is another Kong?
Bro why? Who made godzilla to look pink whyyy?!! 😭😭😭😭Man why!? He's pink why is he pink
Man can we just have a good godzilla movie like before?
who waiting for part 3
Can you guys please have Kevin Davis as Godzilla or the narrator
How come they could say yes to this master piece but not the Batman Beyond movie
Is that the guy who beat off a lot of American men??
One day Godzilla is ruining the cities and now he's defending the earth... what?
How was this movie? Worth buying a physical release for?
Do you know how many clips and fight scenes they literally copied from a small youtube channel called OTV who makes stop motion Kong films. Almost scene for scene.
Please, please, please, when the HD copy is available, can someone edit out all the human protagonists in this movie so we get  to see what we ONLY came here to see?
How to download  this movie... please send the website link
i wonder if Titanus mokele mbembe, amhuluk, Sekhmet, Abbadon, bunyip, Baphomet, leviathan, na kika, yamata no orochi, typhon, Quetzalcoatl, and Camazotz appeared in the next godzilla movie.
Who wants to watch this beyond age 5?
Why did they make the doctor dog ugly in this one?
Why they call it a movie?More like Cartoon Movie,90 % cartoon and 10 % movie.And ppl pay to watch that?First was good second was ok but this one,c on🤔
do you have to watch the first one to watch this one?
Couldn't you have worked Cthulhu into the giant monster universe?
Is this movie for 8 years olds? Is this a kids movie? Im just asking...lol
Is it about the monsters or the unnaturally diverse cast of undesirables and woke type females? God.. Japan makes far better Godzilla. We western people can't make a film without DEA influence.
How bottom Earth get light? Pls explainl
Can someone please make a skin dc for kratos and atreus as kong and mini kong? Also the axe and gauntlet included
I have a question  about  the hollow earth area, ,,were is the light coming from,  is it small sun  ?
really? a mixture of Planet of the Apes, Uncharted, Tomb Raider is turned to a zilla-kong sci-fi
people here after watching movie?
How can this get more awesome
Is this movie available on Netflix?
Do they intentionally make the characters in these movies dumb, unrealistic and obnoxiously insufferable on purpose? Seriously, the last 3 movies in this series have had some of the worst characters I've ever seen.
Do they intentionally make the characters in these movies the dumb, unrealistic and obnoxiously insufferable on purpose? Seriously, the last 3 movies in this series have had some of the worst characters I've ever seen.
Why do people keep greenlighting this trash?  I know the answer, but please stop already.
I'm a huge Kong fan since 2008. This movie was great but I don't know why majority people prefer Godzilla over Kong like whyyyyyy??? This movie story moving from Kong POV but still majority people rooting for Godzilla whyyy???? Even though Kong had more screen time but most of the people rooting for Godzilla?? Give Kong some respect please
Do You think King Kong or Godzilla would join lord vortech in LEGO Dimensions
Godzilla: can i borrow ur atomic breath color? Shin godzilla: sure  Kong: i need a glove Thanos: there you go
Where to watch this movie
Why did they make pretty Rebecca Hall look so gender neutral?  Looking like a boy?  Some checklist DEI thing.
How long does it take to get Badfinger out of your head?, I don't remember.
Can we get a movie of Shimo since Godzilla has like 3 movies and Kong has 1 and shimo has none whatsoever
Why so much destruction?😢
When will qe be able to watch it online
Cartoon godzilla when? The one thst looks like a xenomorph.
Who’s watching in 2024? 😂😂😂
Can you explain the biggest skeleton in that movie its really important than Godzilla and kong or it's opponent
Who came back here after the movie ? 😅😅😅
Is this worth admission
Where is Behemoth?  We want to see Behemoth and his powers!
Who is here after the movie released?
How come I haven’t seen this trailer until now? 🤔🤔🤔
Godzilla and Kingkong joined forces? now watcha call em? GodKing?, KingGod, ZillaKong, KongZilla? i dunno...
Do i have to wear the 3D glasses to watch it at the theatre? Those things give me a migraine
Is the movie called Godzilla vs kong or Godzilla and Kong Both are like Ronaldo and messi
those who’ve seen it, is there a lot of human narration or is it mostly focused on the monsters ? i wanna take my son but he gets bored easily lol
They only have one trailer for this?
Will they fight Shimo?
Where can i watch it?😢
Can someone tell me in our near theatre they start it in Hindi or English?
What should I watch in this? Why this doesn't interest me? I want to watch movies of sci-fi genre but these days movies don't have the gravity.
Did kong got the Infinity gauntlet? From Thanos?  What incompetent producer suggested a robot arm?
Is this movie PG?
King Kong wears a glove? is it that comic book glove?
Is Godzilla turning into a transformer
so in the last movie the monkey and the lizard were at each other's throat and now they are fighting something else together? :D
Can get this bgm ? Name of music ?
who watch this?
No one else thinks this is ridiculous?
Is it me or the other godzilla is space godzilla
Is the shimo guy real
Guys where i can download or watch it??full movie?
What a Movie can't explain
ehy in every movie the concept of time travel, multiverse is essential??
Why is Godzilla so fast and quick?  Also why is Godzilla so friendly?
Why this dont got english caption🤔
Release date pleas?????
Where can i watch ut?
WHY AND HOW IS BRO PINK NOW?
Who made the chain which ties Shimu ? Anyone questioning like me after watching the movie ?
am i seing 2 godzillas...a blue one and a pink one?
In the series monarch the people went down the hollow earth timetravelled  but in this movie they dont .. Why?
How can I watch this movie in mobile
Soooo can someone explain why Godzillas iconic roar was MIA?! That really bothers me!
Is it out yet?
I wonder if there would be another beast coming like really dreadful,kinda enormous or just that big brown big ape is main villain 😅
All of that in one short movie?
Release date pls?
Is this the follow up of the movie that came out many years ago?
Which monster did you love Kong🦧 Or  Godzilla 🐊
Are there 2 godzillas or who is that in sec 1:55 ?
Are there 2 godzillas or who is that in sec 1:55 ?
0:31. Is that Ultraman?
Why are Godzilla's fins purple? In the film Godzilla vs. Kong, Godzilla's fins aren't purple
Does anyone know the name of the song that plays when they go to hollow land? I can't find it at all
Where to get full movie
Can the little ape be called Diddy? XD
What time will it come out
When is the new empire  Move  is out??
Wait there two godzillas?
Who made that big gauntlet?
Is it good, guys? The version 2021 is pretty crappy.
Where can I watch
Any sign of destroyah existing yet?
Wait is this a comedy? Trailer had me 🤣
ok, so we might see in 2027 Kong with an GIGANTIC AK47 and GODZIlla with BOOSTERS in his feet or something ? This is not Kong and Godzilla anymore...
How many of you are waiting to watch this Film
bro ive lost the plot, what universe is this again>?
Is there a new godzilla 2029?
Scar hit the left hand of kong but the armor put on right hand Of kong???
Why too much VFX and unimaginable things
Is this the BLM headquarters? 1:34
Is it just me or do i hear charlie shouting wooooo every now and then
Is this film okay for 8 & 5 yearsold kid?
we gonna get a final trailer?
Is deaf Girl gonna be revealed as part titan or something
Will Millie Bobby Brown (Madison Russell) be there? she's so cute😍😍
Was that a tooth that falls off when the big forehead ape was punched?
Sir, Can I use This trailer video link on my Movie News Website? I will use Your Channel Link. So You get the credit. Please Let me know. Thanks
1:45 shouldn’t Kong have put the Beast glove on that hand?  Edit: no it’s not Cause Shimo froze his right hand
Good lord, what is happening in there!?
They doing Tag Match now?
So they beefing again? Or is that diff Godzilla?
How come the other kongs just look straight up gorillas?
Where is cate and kentaro?
Who is the villain?
Looks good, but WTH is it with Godzilla’s baby head?
Is that paperboy
Movie Of The Year?
If Kongs have been using tools this long, why are they still apes? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Child can be watched?
Is it me or Zilla been on the treadmill at the bottom of the sea?
Why does all this CGI look like a video game? Very cheap looking film.  Let Japan handle Godzilla cause America cannot make a decent film.
Why do I keep hearing Penguinz0’s “WOO”
When pacific rim 3?
Is that a mini Kong hahahaha 😂😂😂 😂😂😂😂 o mi cough it so funny it a baby Kong hahahaha 😂😂 but Godzilla was the best movie ever again
Is that the same Godzilla
Does anyone know where its gonna come out?
Can the other Kailua show up to?
0:48 is anyone noticed that is a Earth Godzilla??
Who is exited for the movie?? The Godzilla movie series are my favourite ❤❤❤
What is this? Kong vs Sun WuKong?
Where is Kong's Genital?
So are the titans like the Colossus? Or WEOPONs?
Anyone watching this in 3d?
This looks so stupid is our world such a video game that they have to make the movie so over the top?
Can we get an academy award category for trailers? They are officially better than the movies they advertise.
Didn’t they learn from Unknowingly NOT TO PUT GOJIRA AND KING KONG TOGETHER?!
Does anyone know when it will be released?
Why has the bgm/ost for godzilla vs kong become so worse? I mean, ost was SUPERB for the initial 2 godzilla movies - Godzilla and then king of the monsters. Alexander desplat gave a scintillating score for the first film. So did Bear McCleary for king of the monsters. Adam wingard is a genius in uplifting the action moments and all. But, what's the matter with him sidelining the score? Worried 😢.
I have so many questions, mainly did they replace Alexander Skarsgard with Dan Stevens and thought we wouldn't notice? 😂
Who is the villain?
where is ultra man?
1:46 - 2:00 is it just me theorizing, or is that another kaiju aside from the scar king that's attacking Kong? I don't recall mammal kaiju having glowing eyes, being able to withstand lava or blasting power beams at their opponents
So there's a red Godzilla and a blue Godzilla? Or am I just trippin? Which ones good and which ones bad?
Why is it a pg-13? They just don't make movies for adults anymore.
Why do they keep changing cast if these are supposed to be sequels?
Why does Godzilla have such a tiny head? It doesnt look right
What’s coming? Deceptacons? That would be cool
WB why this movie have lower run-time????
Is this a Pixar movie?
Will baby Godzilla eat each other if very hungry?
What is that when Godzilla eats will definitely vomit?
Will Godzilla eat man drenched by sewage or foul smelling things on him or her?
What happens if it's eye or brain damage restrict or kill i?
What would happen to Godzilla's feet because of the long steel rod coming out of the foundation of yet newly built buildings. Will it not restrict the movement
Can an underground metro train be ideal for mass evacuation? As it difficult to   cause damage deep down the earth.
Where does Godzilla love to sleep? It can be hunted there with intercontinental conventional missiles ?
So... who's the enemy?
How y’all gone show us everything in the trailer
Warner bros cash grabbing an old movie plot instead of coming up with something new?  What are they marvel?
Godzilla afraid of something? Na, it's just another challenge for him
So somebody gonna do the Nintendo remix?? Donkey Kong x Bowser??? Ill wait 👁👁🥤🍿
Is that Doomfist from Overwatch? Hear me out...
Is that your real credit card??!!
Is it just me or does this franchise look like its turning into something like the Transformers one ?
Where is our Godzilla
Is it just me, or does godzilla look really skinny this time?
Why in trailer 3 you have to show us Ryan why is Kong and Godzilla one in the world in top speeds like like right they just saw something that was very small
what kind of fanfic  is this
Was that another godzilla in the dark
This wasn't rampage 2?  Dang😔
When did it release in theatre
Will it be that when Kong kills "Scar KING" he will finally be called "King Kong"? 🤔
Can someone pinpoint when the monsterverse became the new transormers?
So who the fk are they fighting??
when  c omes  the  new movie out
Does anyone else miss the ps2 game War of Monsters?
I wonder if those who discovered Kong are still alive or dead (I'm talking about Skull Island)
Big monkey fight big lizard? And vice versa?
Isn't about the same script as last years movie ?
Why did it show kong and godzilla fighting arent they supposed to work together?
How do these keep getting better and worse at the same time??
Is this based on a true story?
2:52 What's up with Goji's gills?
At what point does we start classifying these as animated movies?
Why pink? I know barbie is a trend now, but why?
Is eleven not going to be in this movie?
Why does this movie look good, even though it’s prolly gonna be 39% on Rotten Tomatoes?
Do people actually like this kind of stuff? Is the target demographic middle school boys?
Is this showing?
I dont think thats the real scar king when he fights kong his color is different and he looks shorter way way shorter u can see when king throws him hes shorter i think scar king has a son or just a different lookalike scar king??
I'm a little confused if anyone can help me out here. What does Kong and Godzilla fight against when they fight together. Who do they fight is it a bigger King Kong that's more stronger than the regular Kong? Or is it a different species of animal that is more stronger and that's the reason why Kong and Godzilla need to fight together to defeat the bigger species of some kind of animal?....✍️✝️🇺🇲
whyd they get doomfist?
is it just me or does the Godzilla scream at 2:33 kinda sound like moistcritical scream?
Nobody talking about Mothra's reflection in the girl's eyes ar 0:29??
When is Godzilla not be the last of his kind anymore?
So now godzilla identifies as a female or what? Got pronouns?
Did some notice shimu when kong punched scar king i saw his face in 2:27
At 2:30 do you think the humans are intentionnally charging up Godzilla to help him fight ?
This 3D Movie???????
Am I the only one who wanna see Rodan and Mothra return?
New Powerful villain? it can only be Destroyah, SpaceGodzilla or maybe Shin-Godzilla????
Can someone please explain why Godzilla is red
are they gonna kiss
What other kaiju lives underground and looks like a giant bug and has drill arms hmm??
Why did they show Kong and Godzilla as the same size Godzilla is way bigger than Kong
1:26 did anyone else heard that?
The litle kong is very big,  maybe he is the scar king like a transformation??
Is it real
Is it just me or does it feel like my boy Godzilla is going to sacrifice himself in this one?
“Is that a mini kong?” No sir that’s donkey
Anyone else feel like they've already seen the movie after watching the trailer?
Why does Godzilla charge up sound like moist critical meme😂
I wonder in future Godzilla x Kong movies - we are going to see Kong getting thought how to use Nunchucks - teaching them on a big screen, and Godzilla being more lethal with his forearm blades.  60's and 70's Godzilla movies has made a return - Kung Fu Style.
I wonder if Caesar and his army will help kong ?
I wonder will the connect the portals with Pacific rim
Will *KIRYU* 's going to make it to *MONSTERVERSE* in the next movies to come since *SHIMO* has Ice Crystals on her back and is an ICE TITAN that will serve as the key towards *KIRYU* 's existence im the *MONSTERVERSE* franchise? I'm having a wild insight of the possibilities!
I wonder if they will ever make movies about the other monsters, like Mothra or Rhodan.
Did anyone hear the king kong vs godzilla theme pattern in the clicks of kong's glove?
Is Godzilla shin? Sorry I relate purple Godzilla to shin. I'm tryna keep up with my son lol
Ugly af. Someone know the budget ??
Is it just me or they made Godzilla look very skinny
So is Godzilla the flash now ? They keep buffing his speed, next movie he’ll be able to move at light speed
The eyes on 1:54 they are not of godzilla.who was it?😮
What is the beneficial purpose of Godzillas evolution of those Pink dorsal plates? Would it maybe be a defensive trait to combat being frozen from Shimo's Ice breath?
Why did they bring back the annoying humans 😬
Kinda strange first kong gets hit by atomic breath then godzilla is attacked by humans and then they work together?
who gonna win? team Godzilla or team Shimo
The monsters can feel elements?
Who will be the main villain 😅?
why do these plots always feel the same
Changed Godzilla energy from blue to Woke Pink? Godzilla has a Barbie moment? WTF?
Is that Simon peg in the back ground?
2:28 That is destroyahs aggregate forms claw isnt it?
Sooo who is the bad guy that King reject? I thought I saw some eyes of sumn worse
Why does Kong jump on Godzilla’s back when they’re runners
Place your bets: better or worse than Godzilla Minus One?
What is wrong with you people?
Is Kong and Godzilla teamed now? Or they still fighting?
Are they working together
im sorry but am i the only one who thinks this looks terrible?💀
Wait a damn minute..we can see shimu in a frame when kong and scar fights in the city..wasn’t he supposed to be more big then Godzilla ?and why he walks like a crocodile ?wasn’t he the best titan ?im so confused but also so excited to see this movie
This movie still hasn't come out? Minus One has made me forget all about this garbage.
0:30 mothra?
What happended to the perfection of godzilla 2014…
Why is no one able to see THE COMPLETE SHIMO HEAD at 2:27 ?????????? Like She is just looking while mr skar gets a dentist checkup
What that freeze beam??//
Why are they so unrealistic it was cooler when they looked 100 m tall
When will it be out? I’m gonna watch it at SM Clark.
2nd theory: why did Godzilla attack King-Kong? (This theory is already simpler than the other)
What made Godzilla attack King-Kong could have been a mind control crystal that Scar-King uses to control Shimu
Is this actually gonna come out or is Zaslav gonna cancel yet another fun movie
how in the world istitans gaurdians of nature
Vidyut jammwal fan assemble here? Thanks for 162 subscribe❤❤😢😢😢😢😢😢
Why watch this when you can watch Minus One again.
Why do I keep hearing the moist critical WOOOOOOOO????
is there a reason they always have to turn attractive women in to men? scientist chick was way cuter before....what a waste
did they really turn godzilla and kong into hobbs and shaw?
How far can they evolve these characters?  YES 😂
RELEASE DATE IS 10 MARCH RIGHT?
Okay can someone explain is it just me or why does the plot get even worse like some of them doesn't make any sense Did they just made it up just to make the movie looked cool like since when did the hollow earth was introduced did they made it up in gvk?
Did that Godzilla just run?
Is Kong have any special super power in this movie
Can you watch that movie without having watched the show?
Is it gonna release in march 29???? Pls correct me
Can it be about godzilla and kong now or does it need to have main human characters that i don't care about?
What if in the clip where Godzilla is frozen he was actually frozen by shimu and lost that fight but somehow got out the ice later on
Is anybody missing Millie Bobby Brown though?? 🥲
Why is kong wearing a powerfist from fallout 4?
Remember how relatively grounded the first Monsterverse Godzilla film was?
Is this a film or a series?
What in the actual is going on
Seriously though why is the lighting and cinematography so trash?
What was the monster with the blue eyes? Godzilla?
I'm so confused ..! are there 2 Godzillas in this movie ??
Wait no skarsgard and the capt marvel haircut???? Oh noes.
2:32 why are they throwing planes at Godzilla?
Since when can Godzilla run?
What the fook is that ?
Are studios running out of ideas?
One possibility in the desert is that they are possibly sparing? or training?
Where's Millie???
is that SHIMU AT 0:30??????
Who made these disgusting soundbits of the "imma fire my lazor meme" and thought they fit? Im just gonna watch Godzilla Minus One a second time.
Are film makers purposely making bad movies these days? It's too much of a coincidence to have so much garbage coming out back to back to back.
any of y'all relized the soundwave warbling kinda sounds like the moistcritical screaming meme?Fr sounds like WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So why Godzilla was exploding electric energy from his body?  Is he being mind controlled by skar king?
How can we make this better???? ADD LASERS!!!
Name of song?
Transformer bumblebee in had Kong?
When will we have godzilla movie about Ghidorahs return
Kong skull island looks 1000x more realistic, tf happened?
Why Kong in not using infinity gotlet ?
Is it me or does “mini kong” look like a YouTube Kids rendered character?
I'm wondering if Jia has some connection to a Titan. I remember seeing a spot where she is climbing a temple and reaching out to "something". Perhaps another titan or a Mothra return?? Tune in to find out I guess.
boringgg, godzilla and kong? what about other monsters we want to see some exciting monsters not the KONG its just monkey damn  godzilla vs king ghidurah was perfect though.
Why is Kong mewing tho😭✋
Kong got the storm breaker last episode and now suit up with the iron man armor arm.. what else does he need next time? Captain America's shield?
does anyone else hear moistcritikals "WOOOO" but pitched down slightly and distorted at 1:26?
1:54 who is that?? Pretty confused
Why does Godzilla sound like MoistCr1TiKaL's "let's go baby whooo" at 2:33?
I wonder if Dan Stevens had to beat off a lot of men for this role 👀
Who are they against to... I mean Kong & Godzilla are teaming up to defeat whome??
Is it just me or is there implications that there are 2 Godzilla’s
Jus5tst watched the whole move  through this trailer  WTF?
Why tf do those screaming sounds sound like Charlie goin “WOOOOO, YEAH BABY”💀
Anybody else getting flashbacks to the 90's arcade game _Primal Rage_ with these trailers? I hope I'm not alone.
Why is bro pink
Why is it that in every single hollywood trailer they use the exact same suspense music?
wait , so now kong is a fu*king transformer ?!
Why he pink?
where is the iconic godzilla roar?
How Godzilla ran than fast? It looks comically amusing!
Why im leasing a moist critical scream?
What is even the role of humans in these movies apart from delivering cheeky lines
why dose Kong have a robot hand and why is Godzilla pink??????? I need to know and don't think I did't see that baby throw a rock at bloody Kong and is he ok?
Where is the Kong Buster suit ?
Afraid? When did she ask them both if they were afraid?
Godzilla and Kong: The ultimate clash of titans or just a monster-sized misunderstanding? Either way, I'm all in for the popcorn and the epic showdown!
Can anyone explain me why godzilla's breath is ice 🤔
Anyone remembers when trailers were not half the movie?
What the fck am I watching?
Why does there monkeys have an infinity gauntlet?
Are the orangutans mind controlling godzilla or do they have their own godzilla
What do you mean it's not the new Michael Bayformers moview we were promised? 😂
Is this a new movie of godzilla vs king kong or the old one
What's happening nowadays VFX? It's looking like a game. 😢 😢
Wait a minute.Does Kong have the infinity guantlent?
Why does Godzilla's roar sound like Moist Cr1TiKaL's scream at 2:33?
🔥🔥When is the movie coming out?
They are fighting again?!
Why can't Kong just snap his fingers with that gauntlet?
Is this video game?
Many wars start over a woman; I wonder what babe will these two will be fighting for?
Tf is this movie about?
Why do those roars sound like that one moist critical meme
How strong will Kong be when he has Thanos' infinite gauntlet?
i didnt figure out, who's the villain?
Do they feed on landmarks?
Kong x Godzilla both together fight another Kong?
Question is who is the true king .?👀👀
This movie feels like it's trying to be too many things at once .. godzilla on steroids and planet of the apes ..?
What if shimo and King Ghidorah had a fight and shimo froze King Ghidorah.
Ok... why is Godzilla's roar so messed up in this trailer?
2:50 Brooo did Kong loses one of his tusk too? 😢 it looks like a It looks like they're going to put in a steel implant.
So they just went completely bonkers now?
Why do they keeping firing at G-man?!
Why are the human characters in the last few of their movies so lame and nonsensical? Its getting worse every movie
Yo warner bros. Can you make an logo of me?
The planes of the Apes vs Gozzila/Kong?
What is this all lol i miss the old Godzilla and kong
do we have a clear image of what shimo look like in the movie? i saw both trailers and so far no view of shimo yet.
Why are these two chicks keep fighting each other’s?
This has to be a joke right? It never ceases to amaze me how stupid Hollywood is getting.
Anyone noticed that Godzilla's EMP or whatever sounds exactly like the sound we heard when they entered hollow earth?
1:17 freezing Why?🤔🤔🤔
Is mothra in the movie too??😢
Is it just me or someone else feeling that this time they have made more cartoonistic rather than realistic like the older movies look
Set playback speed at 0.25 and then pause video at 2:26, is it the main evildoer Shimo?? Whoaaaaa..awesome..
Why does the CGI look worse then the older movies????
there's 2 godzilla???
Jaegers x kong x godzilla crossover is it doable? All the titans and kaijus.. no drama just straight up war...
When will the 3rd Pacific Rim movie be made?
since when is this monkey this big?
So... it's an animated movie... with some scenes involving  live actor shot on a green screen, right?
Do you think kong and godzilla will do the fusion dance?
I think I see mothra in the girls eye but how?!?!?!?!
I'm confused. Are there perhaps 2 Godzillas?
Has anyone noticed that no new films are being produced anymore? Either an old ham is being re-staged or there is a sequel.
When will he come down?
Does any one notice the Easter egg hidden in there
I wonder what date it will released
lol who writes this stuff???😅
AM I THE ONLY THAT HEARD THE CHARLIE SCREAM MEME?
Is it just me or movies looked better 10 years back?
why do they not kiss the in the trailer?!? I WANT THEM TO KISS!
is this based on true story?
I wonder Still People watching this kinda film?
This looks so Super Amazing! Where's Millie Bobby Brown?
What have they done to these legendary characters? Looks kind of stupid.
why is godzilla's scream at 2:34 sounds like penguinz0 screaming meme lol, is it just me?
why is there another one???
Soooooooo that Hulk arm buster you got... is that from Stark Enterprise or naw!!!?🤔
Mom, can we have good CGI?  We have good CGI at home.  Good CGI at home:
How many times will this monkey fight against that lizzard again? feels like the directors are about to pull that transformers thing
Are their mothers named Martha?
Are these movies real. I’m out the loop
Why is no one talking about how shimu looks exactly like Godzilla
I’ve watched this trailer 7-10 times now. Hbu guys!? 😂
Why do they look...small? I can't explain it.
Why is cgi getting worse as time goes on I know a lot of people will jump up and say it looks fine…no it doesn’t 😂
Kong barber where can I find him to do my beard? 😅😅😂
Oh boy, now King Kong is robotic and friends with Godzilla, fighting again, themselves or whatever... is it just me, or milking this 2 characters has gone way too far and repetitive at this point? They can't come up with something new and different, so they keep reviving old stuff to milk one more movie... bruh 🤑🤮
it's kong vs another kong and Godzilla vs another godzilla(shimu) right?
Why do the monsters look so much less realistic than the 2014 Godzilla?
Doomfist is that you? 😂
What rose from the lava?
Yo is that a second Godzilla or???
why is the godzilla pink? Is it Godzillara ? Female Gojira
So who exactly is the villian here??
Who is villain in this movie?
Why is CGI so bad nowadays? We are moving backwards, not forwards. This movie looks like a videogame with real actors here aand there
Who’s the blue thermo Godzilla?
How can Godzilla swim? If he can stand in the ocean literally like theres no water in it. 😅
Are there 2 Godzilla's in the film...?
Who are they scared of. Who's got the light up eyes?
That’s ice kaiju is Shimo, right?
can anyone tell me what this movie is about
2:33 Is bro a walking EMP grenade now?
What is this fcking audo sound when they roars?
What Happened To The Animaniacs Movie 🍿 🎥 New Trailer Coming Soon 🔜 On November 6, 2024 Release Date 📅 Cinema 🎦
Can't they make a movie like this without including some uninteresting children
Pubg players are you ready ???
So where is Kong’s iron man suit?
Why are they attacking Godzilla
Why make gloves for Kong instead of a Glock 18?
Anyone else feel like Godzilla was barley in this trailer?
Is mothra coming back?
What are we even doing? This looks absolutely retarded.
What’s up with the pagan stuff?
Is it just me or there's Penguinz0 scream at 1:26 ?
First full procedurally generated film?
Who's using Ice Beam?   From the looks of it, we're not getting Destoroyah just yet. Personally, I'm up for that, but I'd prefer if it was a Godzilla only villain.
1:52 Is that Shimo?!?!
So is there a point where Kong goes blonde and Godzilla shrinks into a sleek ultimate form? It seems like they wrote themselves into a corner here.
Will it be on netflix?
Bro wtf are they fighting? I’m confused
Why do I feel like i saw the entire movie in one trailer 🤦
Releasing date in india?
Hmm, is this the new season of Naruto?
Are there 2 godzilla?..I wish shimo will be the main villain
Godzila purple and blue ? :'( what happen
Iron-kong? What lame producer came with the idea of a metal glove? This looks bad
Why godzilla nd Kong fighting again, is it new godzilla like villain?
Soooo..... Who is the villain of this movie?? Is it scarking or something else?
That weapon is sick!! Is that a kongs spine?
Who’s the enemy is this one just the red Kong or is there another titan ?
okay who is the villain in this movie?
So is the surprise monster thing Space Godzilla?
why do americans turn everything into an action film
When are biollante and Destoroyah showing up?
who is shimo?
“Is that a mini kong?” No ITS curious george
Why TF does Godzilla screams like Penguinz0
Who let them cook THIS much?!
Why can't hollywood get its mitts off of Kemet, ancient Egypt? Why must there be CGI Pyramids in a CGI desert every action fantasy movie?
Is everyone just ignoring how terrible the CGI looks??
Who saw tooth?
When will this trash stop!?
Trash of the year?
First movie the humans were kind of annoying...more so the kids.  I hope she isn't.  And what's with actresses and short hair these movie days?  Brie Larson/Wasp/this? dafq.
Who is the end big bad boss in this one?
Why did CGI get worse ?  Is a question millions are asking ...
i wonder if anyone notice godzilla and kong opposite are scar and shimo. atomic vs cryo and power vs agility
Why is every trailer edited like this?. Slow down. Film looks poor.
what do u all think is coming out at 1:53 ?.. i only see 2 eyes in fire..any guesses please?
Why is it so confusing to me?. Kong Godzilla team up against the Reddy but then there's a scene where Godzilla's against them and Godzilla is killing humans again. Then there a team. It's like what's going on
Does anyone thinks that the "MonsterVerse" will last for another 5-9 years after the yet to be announced season 2 of "Monarch: Legacy of Monsters" of which it's pretty likely to happen?
Wait.... at the end was Mothra??!?!?!?!?!?!
So.... whos the villain?
When will they bring Destroyah out?
Is it only me who thinks Godzilla is getting smaller in size movie by movie😅
I don’t understand one thing: are there two Godzillas? blue and pink?
So is there like 2 Godzillas???
1:25 Mothra?
So who is vallain?
So I’m just beside myself thinking Bumblebee was about to be unearthed in this trailer?  Okay.
They fighting Koba?
2:31 wait so we bringing back thermo but blue?
Who's the villain?
So when do the merge the video game series Rampage into this?
Who’s grinning from ear to ear?😂😂
WHO IS THE ANTAGONIST?????????????
Is this directed by Michael Bay??
What kind of trailer is this.. full of blast and beat sound..  Tired of these over CGI Godzilla movies with Kong.
Can we throw away the forced DEI mandates ? Thanks.
When is the movie coming
Trailer is awesome 🎉 So what will the movie be like ?
Will the film be shown in Egyptian cinemas at that time?
wait was that a second godzilla?
i'm lost here. I have seen only a few movies of godzilla and kong, does this have some plot continuity?? or i can just watch this film
Stupid Q but where did the titans come from?? Like who’s the OG first known titan to exist
Why does that one sound effect sound like moist criticals scream??
that ice breath... is that shimo??
Im just curious, Why Is every movie have black characters?
Is that a red ape? Or beast titan? 😅
is that an ice elemental Godzilla!!!!?
who is the enemy?.
Which 1 do u prefer. Kong's or shimu's roar sound?
What is this marvel now?
Who ready want to trailer 2!?
I might be out of the loop but can someone explain how Godzilla has gone from blue to that pink color?
How many times they are making the same movie again and again
why am I not excited for this after watching Minus 1?
Nice, looking forward to seeing it 😁 But why does Godzilla have an ice breath instead of his atomic breath? Is it some kind of "Frostzilla" or different version of him? 🤔
Can someone tell me how Godzilla achieved Super Sayian Rose?!?!
wheres pacific rim robot?
0:30 who is fighting with godzilla on the right Is it shimu ?
is this prequel? then who is the many skeletom on the first movie?? ?
How would you multiply them???
What are those little bugs
Is this out now I can't wait lol
Why VFX so bad..  in some scenes where Godzilla and Kong are shown together, they look like small figures.. Depth in those scenes is not realistic to portrait them as giants as thats what they are.
Is it just me or do I hear penguinz0 in the background
What next a 750 meter crocodile 😅
0:30 mothra?!
is it just me or they just sneak in monsterverse the planet of the apes plot??? thank god for japaneses monsters movies
Will Indian regional languages trailer come?
Will Telugu trailer come?
What is this marvel dogsh#t
what have they done
Who's the villain 😏?
but is that blue "godzilla" always godzilla in another new version like after the magenta or is it Shimu?
why are you guys making godzilla smaller and smaller day by day ??
Has anyone else noticed the fact that scar king injured kong's left hand and shimo blasted Kong's left hand yet the 'infinity gauntlet' is in his right hand!!!
Do people actually want to see this?
So wtf would I go watch it now when you are literally showing me everything?
wait is that godzila at 2:31 or someone else?
why is godzilla brue is he sopose to be majenta?
Who's the  Enemy?        Oh man!, I hate Spoilers!? 😆 🤣 😂
what are they fighting against?
why do i not like this?
What’s so special about a red orangutang?
Dear Producer,  I have just a simple question, in your every movie, you depict Godzila as a villain and Kong as a protector to the human civilization. Why this is so? Why you always portray Godzila as villain?? Any solid reason?
Did somebody notice there two godzilla blue and rose.
Will they keep making annual Kong/Godzilla movies now ?
Why are the military attacking Godzilla YET AGAIN ?? Are they retarded.
Does anyone else not notice scar king on top of the foothill in Brazil watching Shimo frost blast the sky ?
is that 2 godzillas?
What's this Shimu everyone keeps talking about?
What about Gozilla & Augmented Kong against The avengers ??
why does godzilla scream sound exactly as moist critical screaming???  coincidence??
Is Shimu there in this.
is this palworld movie?
What happened to her hair?
am i insane or am i hearing the moistkritical "WHOOO" sound in the trailer?
So when’s pacific rim 3?
am I crazy for thinking space godzilla or Shimo might be in this??? that blast that hit kongs axe and the one from the ocean view appears to be ice or crystals. Anyone else?
W-was that Mothra in the other scene?...
how did cgi get so much better but also so much shittier
Is this like a parody trailer? This is the dumbest idea for a monster movie ever.
Dafuq? The new mighty villain is a skinny orang utan?
why CGI getting poor every year?
Godzilla and kong working together before GTA VI? this boutta get litty🗣️🔥
im hyped but this villain is he just kong but faster and more agile?
Who’s their main enemy on this film?
Is this a joke??
Is Godzilla pink or blue? Blue Godzilla gets me to the theater, pink Godzilla can wait for streaming.
Is there gonna be 2 Godzilla?
Can anguiurs be in the new movie in the final battle
Why does king kong have a gauntlet and not some giant sawed off shotgun or giant gatling gun
After Minus One this looks kinda ridiculous... pink Godzilla. Pander much?
will we get the Godzilla dropkick here?
They are afraid of something? Yeah I guess they are with how ridiculous things are getting.
Its just Looks like a video game now. One giant CGI dump. I wonder if it will tell a good story ?
Is there any other feature left behind? Like dinosaur, anaconda, etc.. Bring them back too.. We want the whole jungle to fight...😂😂😂
When titanus shimo is revealed??🤔🤔
What the actual f#$# is this and why do I want to see it right now !!!
Is it just me or did they use the BRRRT sound of an A-10
2:27 guys is that snow gamera?! Near scar king
Was that another Godzilla with flipping ice breath?!
Why do trailers reveal everything?
So,does it mean that original Godzilla and pink Godzilla will include together ???
Do you reckon some point in the movie Shimu freezes Godzilla, and when he breaks free he becomes stronger? Not sure what the pink means though…
Is that shimo???????  Alright.. I'm in 😂
ok folks what's their ship name?
Did anyone see shimo
Movie websites anyone ?
is it made by sora openai?
Will millie bobby brown be in this movie?
I don't know where human is going? People are dying in this world and these people are busy with these toys, people knew that these creature never exist and still people are wasting time on these movies.
Why are they making the big lizard and the big monkey fight each other again?
where did u find that cause now I really want to know
Hood on who was the other gorilla king was fighting ??
Did Kong just put Bumblebee on his arm and come out the transformers 2 Egypt battleground?
did they use the ear rape version of Penguinz0's wooo yeah babe scream?
Is that frostbite ??????????
is that shimo's roar? 2:13
Can you show Shimmo us better?
Can anybody tell what surprises Kong while fighting?
Why this trailer feeling like an hour long? ❤
Was that ice blast???
why ain't this movie showing in valentine's day?
Why does Godzilla only grow a few millimeters? It should be huge by now😬🫠🙃
so are there 2 godzillas??? wtf is happening, i saw him change a different color of the rainbow every other scene
Where are the other monsters?
1:56 is that SHIMU the first Titan?
1:02 Who’s this dope?? What happened to Skarsgard??
Why they use wtf boom sound man lmao
Where is shimo
Are there any official times for the movie?
they are collaborating?? lol
How have they not revealed that mysterious godzilla loking thing yet? I feel like it will be on the new villans side.
What are they cooking bro🤯
Did everyone forget the giant spear thing in the first trailer that stabbed the ground in Brazil?
How long will this 2 keep fighting for
With whom these two guys will be fighting..??
Who’s the villain ?
did we just watch half the movie?
Is this based on a true story??
Why are the Jets attacking Godzilla?
Godzilla's thermo form in 2019 was sick and now??? EVEN MORE EPIC ITS BLUE NOW
how is this still not trending
Hold on a sec... Was that... Mothra?
Will Mothra appear?
Who freeze kong? Is that shimo🙂
Why do the humans act and speak like they matter?
OMG moistcr1TiKaL is in this movie?! 1:13 / 2:33
Does anyone watch it 100 times and still like it?
Did anyone notice shimu at 0:31 fighting godzilla at the left
Can March 29th be tomorrow? I wanna see this so much
A ice type kaiju ? I wonder did he the one seal Ghidorah in ice, I always curious about that detail in king of monster.
Is that mothra? In the eye's reflection 0:30
Im confused is there 2 godzillas?
Wait is Godzilla thermonuclear or now a lighting Godzilla!?
is that tiny orange monkey Sun Wu Kong or am i wrong
Is that frozen godzilla or lightning godzilla
dang whats next? kong with a full body armor when they going to fight destroyah movie
what is this? power rangers?
Is that Ping Pong the small?
Was wondering why this was made but was surprised to learn that the previous entry made a $100M profit.
Why does the beat sound like moistcritikal whooing lmao
Did you guys know?: That in the first clip of this trailer you’ll see Kong in the sand fighting another kaiju named Shinto.
Godzilla and Kong in Rio de Janeiro? Godzilla's tooth and Kong's glove will be stolen after recording.
huh...Ghostbusters and Godzilla sharing the same ice-theme villian?????
So, Kong and Godzilla are basically Goku and Vegeta now?
So Kong with the gauntlet, is he gonna do the snap or…? 🫰🏽
Their are 2 kong and 2 Godzilla??🤔
Why use the obsolete WB logo in the titles? Strange move
Have you guys ever noticed evolved Godzilla’s biggest dorsal plate looks like Mindanao island in the Philippines. The exact place where the mutos came from, where dragons carcass is, and where the ion dragon was discovered. That can’t be a coincidence right?
is that a second godzilla?
Could have sworn the release date was in April not match
Why they don't bring giant orange cat?
Does anyone think they are going too far? Just asking
Why is Godzilla blue an pink too he has 2 powers up an what was Kong blocking with the axe was that Godzilla or something else besides them 3
How is is possible that the CGI looks worse and worse.  Everything looks cartoonish, rushed and unfinished. Peter Jackson's 2005 King Kong wipes the floor with all Monsterverse.
2:27 DANG did King Kong just punch the bad ape’s TOOTH out?!
So the deaf kid is now psychic?
Can someone tell me what happen kong’s arm?
Did they turn BumbleBee into a glove for King Kong?
Were my guy Doug at???
What even is this franchise now?
Rinse wash repeat... is the Art of Story Telling d3ad? Constant remakes and nothing new.
0:30 If you pose at the right time, you can see... Mothra?
When did marvel and Godzilla have a crossover
How can I watch another Godzilla movie after the epic Godzilla Minus One?? Give it a rest.
i think there are two different godzilla ?
Why do they always fight
*Is this Planet of the Apes XXXL edition?*
2:27 DANG did King Kong just punch the bad ape’s TOOTH out?!
Did I just see godzilla use thundershock ?....
What was that monster with the blue eyes n the shadows?! I thought the main boss was scar king
Are there comics or movies or anything I can watch to catch up on the Monster verse?
Question? Are there comment bots in here?
why does this look even worse than a videogame? XD
Grisha: Zeke, is that you ?  No, I'm Skar king now....
What was in the cave???
2:22 tom Hiddleston is back ?
What if Godzilla has absorbed a negative power source and it has mind warped him which is why he's attacking Kong again and has the pinkish glow.🤔 OR What if Godzilla was hibernating, Shimo stumbles upon him, slowly freezes him and feeds off his energy, draining Godzilla's energy causing the pinkish glow and diet Godzilla 🤔
so whats the enemy their fighting?
Is this fake?
How tf do they keep figuring out ways to milk every last drop out of things If they put half as much effort into a new concept we'd have a banger on our hands
Why must you spoil everything in the trailer
What this monkey 🐒 doing in sab sahara?
Is that furious George fighting Kong with the infinity gauntlet???
Is it just me or that skar kings cgi is a bit pore
What is this Transformers X Godzilla X Avengers
Who are they fighting here in this trailer? Is that Space Godzilla?! I haven't seen Space Godzilla.. since The Toho Studio's Japanese Film Godzilla Vs. Space Godzilla (1994)! I hope this is a good movie.. but I might not even watch it. I don't know about where I stand with it.
Why is this so good
How come humans be fooled by a lie, illusion so-called movie 😂😂😂
Kong and Godzilla vs skinny red monkey they are afraid of....what?
Does this stupidity never ends ??
Why is Godzilla two different colors?  One minute he’s pink, the next it’s blue, I’m not sure if this is a gender reveal or what.
Wait a minute, is there another Godzilla? Because in the beginning, his scales were pink, and when he fired an explosion in his body, his scales became blue. Is this another Godzilla, or is this one of Godzilla's new abilities? Also, there was a monster behind a waterfall.
Film released date ?
0:30 there 2 godzillas? one doing the blue pulse and a pink one fighting shimo
Is there like comic books like tell what happens between movies?
What happened to the pink godzilla?
From the hacks that brought you Fox X-Men…?
Alright, who turned Bumblebee into the Infinity Gauntlet?
When they gonna run outta things to destroy?
Its just me or the CGI look bad?
Everyone got a Dejavu from seeing this trailer or is it just me? when Kong go to another world i feel like i have already see this film somewhere...
So anyways, when are getting a Godzilla Minus One sequel?
Why does the roar of the godzilla sounds like moist critical scream
What in the avengers infinity war and rise of the planet of apes is this? 😂
Why they gotta give Godzilla that tiny lil' pinhead?
Why does the godzilla roar sound like penguin0 yelling "woooooo" and clipping the audio here XD GIMME THAT CLASSIC LEATHER GLOVE ON A CELLO ROAR
A gauntlet. Wonder where they got that idea from?
Is Shimu making his appearance?
Does anybody notice the shimo face... It's like a turtle in 2:27 play the vedio in slow motion
Why do trailers still do that thing where they spoil the entire movie’s progression?
So that tease of ghidorahs return after the last 2 movies amounted to nothing?
Sometimes, it's better not to do things just because you can do them. What is the next team up going to be? Kong x Godzilla x kung fu panda????
How many are Bazongers level IN for this one!!!???
Is this a real trailer? 😂
what are they fighting together????
when it comes out on streeming, can someone pls do a release without the pointless human interation scenes and send me the link to donload. Thanks in advance.
Anyone else feel like ownership of the Godzilla concept including the right to make Godzilla movies need to go back entirely to the Japanese?
Did somebody noticed that Snow Breath 👀
So Godzilla has pink atomic breath now? Why? Does Godzilla have pronouns now? Does Godzilla now read at Tran story hour at his local library? WTF? This trailer looks absolutely awful.
What nonsense is this? Who's watching these movies?
2:50 why does kong have a metal tooth here ??
What Is That..😮
Blue Thermonuclear Godzilla?
Godzilla has 2!?!? Blue and pink??
Are we gonna talk about the split second of MOTHRA?
Why they always fight on iconic palaces like Pyramid or Big cities???😂
This has to be a joke...right? right? right???
Why are they getting smaller in every movie
i still dont get who is the new bad guys? Kongs siblings or what?
Where is tamil version
“Is that a mini Kong?” He may be smaller but still pretty large
why do they tell the entire movie in a trailer?
The other kongs are trapped by scar king right? I think they arent scared of scar king himself, I think they are scared of shimo.  I think scar king somehow made shimo his pet and everyone that dares to leave gets freezed to death by shimo.
Cool but......when is the real Godzilla coming? We've all seen him there's only one.
Did anybody notice the frozen atomic breath shimu anyone
Can we just decide onn the sizes of these creatures for once?? In the first 2014 movie Godzilla was so huge, towering way above skyscrapers and now he's just a mere suburban building tall? Come on. And please don't make him run like a human noooo please god no
Is no one gonna talk about the ice beams? Who in what kaiju makes ice beams!?
1:45 what did he do ?
Why does the water look so good tho
Who is that ice spitting monster
Why do they have that sound like someone screaming or saying bro in the trailer I mean my opinion is kind of annoying
WAIT there are 2 Godzilla? On the frame of explosion on minute 0:30 you can see a purple Godzilla fighting Shimo and the emp blast from Godzilla as we see in the trailer??
Im askin: Why? Just why ?
Wait.. i'm confuse is there 2 godzilla or godzilla just turned back to his previous color? Pink just seems ugly.
So same quality CG from 99'? Monarch: Legacy of Monsters looked great. What the Congo is this?
Has X always been a thing like Vs or is it just for this?
its a whole movie ?
How did the camera man film all of that without any scratch?
So is there two godzillas now or was that the same one?
Wait... aren't these supposed to be giant monsters?
Outside of diversity, why are some of the human characters in this movie?
Is that ice Godzilla?
Evolved Godzilla has new color except pink and new roar?!
How did he get the stones from thanos ?
Bro... was that shimu? 🥶🥶🥶
why does the background music sound like Miguel theme song 😂
This is a cartoon show now???
Is it me, or is this starting to get weird?
so what about the series?
So kong is basically doom fist from overwatch?
So, Kong has a power fist from fallout now?
Now what's left on the movie to watch? You showed everything in time-lapse mode.
I mean I know Shimo shows up now in the trailer like three times or so. But can't get a CLEAR picture of him. Does Godzilla get another power up in this? Like in KotM? And how? And why are the humans firing at Godzilla, making him mad???
Is that Shimu's eyes i see???
is that titan Shimu??
Can anyone tell me what mini shimo was doing at 2:27.  😂
i don't know why i feel on1:57 godzilla use ice beam? if we notice frame by frame
Rodan come back?!?!
wait is there 2 godzillas? the first one is like electric one and the other pink one is godzilla species
Ice kaiju… or crystal kaiju that shoots atomic breath?   … Space Godzilla?
why did they make skar king smaller?
Is Kong's gauntlet a hint for Pacific Rim vs Kong/Godzilla introduction???
Was I the only one that noticed Kong with the Leviathan Axe??
Did they really had to destroy the pyramids?!
Did anyone notice shimu
I have just one question- Why does Hollywood wanna keep breaking the great pyramids like it is just some normal pile of rocks in it's movies?
so whats the idea of these movies?
Is there another g man now?
my question is. what the work of dagon head?
Question: What can we see in the trailer? Answer: Everything except shimu!
Why won't you learn.
Whos the villain?
Where're the kids with their bullet train mechs when you really need them?
Why are all movies made for babies now?
why does it have to be so colourful??😭😭
Where is the Shimu ?
2:52 no one notice who is in the middle down? Is it scar king?
Who ready for trailer 2!?
Why is Godzilla a blue version of Thermo
1:53 what's that ? shimu?
Errrr.. is this new transformers franchise..?
wait so no one's gonna talk about fala chen?
Gojira looks badass in the ssj scene + he can make emps???
Is that Shimu 😮?
It was epic and I can't wait to watch it! What is the blue eyes thing, someone tell me if u guys know?
Wait.... To see if kong's axe destroyed by shimu's breath??   This is my theory
is it just me or is this the year of the kongs , cause we have Black myth wu-kong coming out this year, Kingdom of the planet of the apes, Monkey Man, all hail the King....Kong
What's next? Avengers will show up? 😅 I hate it, but the cgi is good.
did I just see Suko throw a rock at kongs face near the end?
anyone else came In in their pants ? or was it just me
How did we go from Gareth Edward's gritty realism to this kids show?
2:05 is it just me who I think how the godzilla move look like human? I hope so because if it not...I have bad feeling about this
Are they Fighting Destroyah?
0:31 bro what is that thing fighting Godzilla?
can this be the ending scene? 2:52
why are they so small bruh
How many of you noticed Shimo
Can we go back to simpler times when movies were standalone and stakes weren't always earth shattering without all this shared universe bs. Im tired 😫
Why is there a Minecraft beacon noise at 0:21
Is it the titan that the eyes are blue and hiding in shadow also freeze breathd is shimo?
anyone know what's the name of the new blue form of godzilla?
1:54 whos this?
So where is all that light in the hollow world coming from. Do they have sunsets there? 😆🤣
Where is mothra😢
Will the battle be structured as Godzilla vs. Sim, Kong vs. Scar King?
Are there 2 Godzillas in this film or am I wrong?
Second Trailer But Why??🤔
1:54 wtf is that ????
Why second trailer???🤔
1:52 is that shimo?😳
Is it just me or the godzilla roaring kinda sounds like moistcritikal clip
are you going to keep Scratching this movie?
Erm wait so who’s the bad guy now ? Neither.. please explain.
Kong lost the axe?!?!
What is the release date of this movie ???
Where is the Shimu?
You just had to put everything in the trailer?
Theres another of Godzilla's kind with ice breath? 🤔🤔🤔
2:17 DIDNT THEY TAKE DOWN MECHAGODZILLA TOGETHER THOUGH?!
WHY I NO ONE SCREAMING IN THE CHAT WHEN THEY SAW SHIMU?!!!
What is that shooting ice beams 🤔
why does godzilla new roar sound like the moist critical scream meme
Did kong just knocked out scar king's tooth?
1:51 wtf is that??
2:34 mothra?
What is the thing that Kong is scared of 1:53
Can we get a solid Godzilla city smasher or monster brawler to go with this movie? thanks
Is it me, or did they put the glove/brace thing on the wrong arm of kong? They show his left arm getting injured but put the glove/brace on his right arm. Assuming of course that it was meant as a brace or whatever to help his injury, which if it is it's gonna bug me so much that it's on the wrong arm.
1:50 - So... Kong has heard or aware of Shimo's existence?
Any idea who is the hidden villian ,for whom Kong is afraid ? 😮
Is shimu there??
Was this rendered on a PS3?
Anyone noticed at 1.54 that those wide eyed titan is different from Scar?? Is that shimo?? Goddam this movie definitely gonna live upto it's name. New empire🔥🔥
Is that Koba?
Pls tell me all these positive "epic"-comments are paid/collab?
So cool !! What is next ? Do we get a fusion dance and kong learns kamehameha wave ?
Anyone notice mothra's face in the girls eye?👀🦋
Why does godzilla roars sound like moistcriticals whooo meme?
Who here cannot wait for this movie? Because I can't, hyped to see more Godzilla and King action.
Wait there is 2 godzilla?
Why do I keep hearing the moist scream
Are we gonna call the little kong prince kong?
How many times have you watched it?
why does godzilla should like moist critikal when he roars
Was that space Godzilla?
Wait that looked like another mechagodzilla???
Why is a giant gorilla monster making a face like this 😲
Who exactly are they fighting against….
Only a movie ago, these two were battling it out, know they are working together? How the tables have turned.
So who are kong and godzilla fighting against?
Is that Priyanka Chopra's voice in the beginning ??
Is the villain too weak or not revealed yet?
So just to make sure is shimo in this trailer?  Because he doesn’t look that big but just looks like a blue icy Godzilla ?
How much of the world's GDP is spent on repairing titan-related property damage?
What I never understand is why is the destruction ALWAYS around iconic places or big population centers? The Earth is massive and somehow the destruction only occurs in the most populated of places. Yeah it's probably for added dramatic effects but if Kong is a "protector of humanity" why fight in a place full of humans that could easily get crushed
Why am I hearing the "wtf boom" meme in this trailer??
Am I the only one who noticed that Godzilla and Kong are gonna destroy one of the Seven Ancient Wonders?
2:32 Is this Shimu or Godzilla?
0:31 if you pause at the right moment somewhere in there you can see scar king running toward a flying kong? Or flipping kong? Idk what that is but on the right you see a pink Godzilla figure and an ice thing that looks like Godzilla from the behind or something new.
So there are 2 Kongs of a different kind and 2 Godzilla (red and blue)?
is this and the monarch's kong, godzilla different?
Bruh how many long and gojira will we have ? Lmao make different monsters , this looks crazy do
they gave him a knuckle ? at least make it fire rockets or something.
Is it an action film or comedy film 😂.
How many of you felt " last scene in trailer resembles of climax of Bahubali 2 The conclusion where Bahubali with the help of chains breaks Ballaladeva's Gada
So.. Kong has an infinity gauntlet like Thanos and an Axe like Kratos? What is this, plot armour? 💀
Did anyone notice that during kong and scar's fight kong's left hand is cut but he wears the gauntlet on the right hand
Is Mothra back?
Godzilla? Afraid of Something? Now thats something that will be worth watching.
Has anyone notice that kong is losing a fang
Who else thought it was Bumblebee in the first few seconds of the trailer?
anyone noticed shimo in trailer?
Am I the only one that finds Godzilla and Kong running together both cringe yet cool at the same time?
What if after Kong defeats Skar King, this makes Kong the other kong's leader, and he's then King Kong
is it just me or does it sound like a youtuber is screaming at each roar
Whats the villain in this?
Does anyone else think that the sound effects of the glowing wall at 1:26 and Godzilla's roar at 2:33 sound... very weirdly close to MoistCritical's meme scream? The "WOOOOOOO yeah baby!"
cyborg kong? thats weird
Honestly kind miffed the big bad to bring kong and Godzilla together is….. another monkey, like why? You have so many other things you could be using.
Excited but what happened to the dark vibe of Godzilla 2014?
Was that " Shimu "?
Wait! So, Kong isn't the last of his kind? I know i just seen the trailer but bare with me.
Is there two Godzilla s???
Is No one gonna talk about that cute Mini Kong?
How can Godzilla run/move so fast all of a sudden?
So is there another Gojira?
Why on earth are humans still trying to fight these things. 😂😂😂
Wait, did they just turn Kong into a Transformer?
King Kong collecting Infinity Stones?
Why do I keep hearing Cr1tikal screaming?
Planet of the Apes???
I’m sorry was that a fully atomic powered Godzilla?
Just me, or does the cgi look better in this trailer?
In the 90s it was wheel chair kids now it’s deaf kids?  Why shoehorn them into stuff?
Why hunan always stand their nose in everything
So there is 2 godzilla ? 😐
So there is 2 godzilla ? 😐
Let me guess, Kong becomes king of the apes and finally gets called King Kong?
But why does Godzilla and Kong running together look so cute, tho? 😂
Have Anyone Noticed The New Villen With Scar King Who Is Actually Shimo AKA Ice Godzilla He Is Trying To Make Another Ice Age On Earth
can anybody tell me what made Kong have the "oh $hit oh $hit oh fu€king $HIT!!!" eyes?
I may be dumb but was that Space Godzilla or a variant of sorts with the Ice breathe?
This looks so dumb.. how did the CGI get worse ? 😂
Why they are make Godzilla Head to small for his Big Body?
Can we stop putting kids as a plotline in these movies lol
Why did they ruin the movie by showing the plot rn?
Wait, so there another evil Godzilla?
Planet of the apes??
Who are Kong and Godzilla fighting against? Looks like 2 other monsters.
They gave Kong a power fist?
what even is this movie, this needs to be on rifftrax
They still fighting?😆
so the red monkey isnt the endgame? good suspense team. kudos. now im excited.
Godzilla and kong the only titans who can sense things? Are the other titans dead or something?
How we went from Skull Island to this PS4 looking 💩fest is beyond me
Who is hyped for this one?
Why is there always a child with some connection to the creatures?
Goku and Thanos vs Scorpion?
Where is the thumbs stupid button?
1:47     What is that ?    A Human - Godzilla Hybrid ?     This movie is going to collect a lot of dollars...
Can we please not have Godzilla be a side character in his own movie all I see in these trailers is Kong. Do what KOTM did and flesh out Godzilla as a character.
who is the enemy?
It just me or what? I saw mikey tyson’s face on kong on the last punch
What are we doing here?
1:54 is that Godzilla or another kaiju?
2 Enemies? Blue Ice Godzilla and The Red Kong?
Is this real?
No but seriously what is that at 1:54, is that the real enemy or is Skar King the big enemy?
the chick from the town... wtf happened to her hair?
2:13 did you guys knew that shimu firing ice breath in the sky??
Where are the good R rated drama movies?? I’m tired of these childish movies getting released.
Was that a destroyah reference?
Can someone tell me, was that Godzilla or Shimo??? The blue guy??? I'm thinking it was Godzilla. And the only shot of Shimo is when he hits Kong.
What if godziilla and scar in same team who fight against kong👀
Weird how the girl with the ring on her head looks quite similar to a Shobijin. Perhaps the Mothra egg in 2019 hatches?
What is the name of the Titan that freezes everything again?
How many trailers are they uploading 😮😮😂
So who’s the beast at 2:00? It’s not scar king
Amazing trailer I love it !  And now where is doug ?
When will it came out in tv? Or only in Netflix?
Is that Shimo or just a different godzilla?
Scar the same size as kong? I thought he's taller
so who is the hidden monster that used atomic breath on kong?
am i the only one who doesn't like this? and i like transformers (last one was meh) idk why this just doesn't hit it for me,werid :D
Did anybody notice shimo
Is mothra return reborn please tell me I need know please guys
I’m confused. Who is the bad guy?
Why does the monsters screeches sound like moistcritikals cheer clip
What I don’t get is why Godzilla turns at such a slow speed when firing at Kong
Did Michael Bay direct this?
But when do Godzilla and Kong get together?😉
Did anyone noticed the penguinz0 woo scream a few times? 😂
The dialogue gonna be horrifically atrocious in this one as well?
when will movies like this stop.
2:34 wait… did Godzilla just shoot out electricity? Bruh I love this movie so bad!!!
Is that a Godzilla species spine Skar King is holding?
Why that baby monkey lookin like Franklin saint from snow fall 😮
Noticed how there's not a single clip where Godzilla and Scar fought ???
Is it me or these movie CGIs are getting worse and worse….
there's another godzilla? 2v2??? omggggg
I wonder if... instead of the pink and blue Godzilla being the same one....  Is that actually two different Godzillas?... That wide city split second shot at 31 secs... it looks like there are two Godzillas..
Sooooooo who was the guy who could shoot ice? I forgot his name. Also a 2v2 is gonna go hard. They gonna be doing finishers on each other
Why are they shooting godzilla and will godzilla have a fight scene with scar king
Why’d the turn it into a marvel movie?
Am I the only one who sees Grog and Kevdak in Kong and Skar King? If you know Critical Role and its TV series adaptation, you'll understand.
why is godzilla barely in this
Weird, that Pink form Godzilla had..is he going to be under the bad monkey's controll for a while? Hope not, it would be hella cool Kong and Goji vs Monkey Army
Will Mothra our Queen return 😢?
Can Godzilla and Kong take on the Autobots and Decpticons?
When T-rex? Dig him out of ground and give him movie too...
Is it actually 2 v 1 or 2v 2
King kong with gauntlet? Wtf is this? What is next? Godzilla with jetpacks?
Heard this was based on a true story?
Is it just me, or does the boom at 2:32-2:34 sound exactly like the "WTF Boom" Meme sound effect.
Which is shimo? Pink or Blue
I've been a life long Godzilla fan and I really enjoyed the previous Monsterverse films, but... Am I crazy for thinking that this just doesn't look good?
Wait, there are 2 Godzilla? ( blue and pink)
How is no one talking about his new pulse similar to heisei’s😂
Why does this look almost like Pacific Rim Uprising?
WWE Wrestlemania World tag team championship match ? 😂🙌
so they just give away full movies in trailers now? what tf. ruined a bunch of spoilers lol wtf
Which Kaiju will it be that they have to fight? That is the real question.   Any Ideas?
Did anyone ask for this movie?
Can Rodan help or any of the other Titans that weren’t showing in KOTM?
was that Godzilla and Kong training?😂
Where's Titanus Doug?
Why Kong faster getting old than the little girl?😂
is that two Godzilla???
Can't belive Kong hand Is broken that's why is he wearing the metal thing on   his arm 😢
2:33 was that f***ing Charlie's WOOOO?!
They just keep getting dumber, Is someone at Warner trying to tank the company?
Why can't they just show us Shimu
Why tf does hollywood always have to put a black dude or someone thats not white as the comedic side piece, and it's always the white person that's gets to be the protagonist
Anyone else noticed Scar king ripped off Kong's fingers using that whiplash ?
The fug is that an Infinity Gauntlet?
Did they go too far, does george come out curious??
Will Godzilla do his drop kick on this one
So how many cities have been destroyed so far?
Where is the seismograph sound effect from trailer 1?👀 That was lit in the first trailer
Are they about to wake up Mothra?
Think that spike at the end of Skar King's whipe is a shimo spike?
Yo is Godzilla getting the hesei radioactive blast thing?
Is that the Voice Actor fo Fuse in Apex?
Is this Planet of the Apes or Godzilla?
was that Mothras egg!?
What is that ice breath in kong axe
Was that curious George?!
Are they going to release this first before season 2 of Monarch: Legacy of Monsters?
So there's another Godzilla thing?
Was that a frost beast?????
Will Kong have electric power like in showa version with the BEAST glove?  And finally Goji enter his Millenium version!!!!
King kong has a hulk hand now?.. you guys can have all this godzilla stuff im good.
What and who is shimo? Never heard of it
Did the Big G just go.... blue thermo?
So zilla and kong have to team up against an ape? I hope thats not the actual main villan.
Is tiamut in this movie? I'm excited to know whether other titans are showing up
Deadpool x Wolverine who???
So where's the bad guy?
Anyone else notice Mothra in Jia's eye during the vision sequence?
What in the ps2 graphics
how did they make a movie of a giant gorilla and lizard look so epic!! Too geeked up!
Where is Mothra? The egg had to hatch by now?
0:30 mothra?
Why is there always a black guy as a comedic relief character in every sci-fi action adventure movie?😂
Wtf is going on ?
Why is Godzilla is a rose color?
komg and goji fighting again? or what
Why does it look worse than the last movie? And what is the other ape? It looks skinny and small compared to Kong. They just keep messing up a good thing.
Did anyone notice Mothra in her eye reflection? 0:30
So I'm kinda confused are we having 2 godzillas now?
who let them producers cook????
Who unleash icy beam? Kaiju or something else
Kong with gauntlet?? What he going to do next ? Use infinity stones?
Guys if you but 0.25 slowmotion and stop on 1:39 you can see 3 other monkeys next to skar king that look quit big maybe his generals ???
For centuries there was harmony? Boy humans been killing each other for thousands of years 😂
How many Godzilla and Kong movies are there?
we got kong with the infinity gauntlet and godzilla with super saiyan blue and rose how this happen in one flim???
Wait im confused? Can anyone help me here, Is that Godzilla or a different one that is the same species as godzilla in 1:52 . I realized the eyes were blue and the atomic breath was also blue but focusing more on the eyes, isnt godzillas eyes purple or pink now?
what is the titan at 0:29, 0:54, 2:31 ? Look like Godzilla, not Shimu, but I thought Godzilla turns to rose this movie ?
So is pronounced Godzilla Kong?
Wait where does Skull Island: Rise of Kong fit into this?
Who is in the trailer if you look closely
Is this really awesome or lame?! My brain cell is confused
so are those new apes part of Kong's family or are they his enemies? the baby one is just so adorable!!
wait so who are they fighting? just that other ape or is there something else?
Oh Shimu can fly too?
So is this all being made up as they go? Or does this type of thing exist somewhere in previous comics or movies or whatever 😂
im sorry this is cool and all, but why does this feel like your generic superhero movie? this feels like a new power rangers/mecha movie (not saying it's bad but this just doesnt feels right)
Why does this remind me of Batman V Superman?
Will anyone talk about 1:55 ?! Like bro I think that’s that other powerful kaiju idk
Where's Gamera?
You got Bumblebee, G.I Joe, and Godzilla+Kong. What else are we missing? lol
Anyone remember the godzilla cartoon?
wait so there's anther Godzilla?
Why does the CGI looks so cheap? ...
Wait there are 2 kongs and 2 godzilla’s?
Why do people get into this? so bad... americans just like gross bright colours flashing on screen.
Did anyone saw shimo in the trailer                              👇
Why do I keep on hearing WHOOOOO LETS GO BABYYYYY!!!!! Is penguinz0 in the movie??????
Dude seriously , how many times are they going to make the same movie over and over and over and over and over and over and over?
Are they gonna fuse too?
why does godzilla scream sounds like that penguinzino one
What if destroyah is in the end credits and thats whay theyre afriad of?
Is it just me or is it getting closer every time?
What is this trash? Thought I accidentally clicked on a Transformers trailer.
So who is the second bad titan besides the other giant ape?
0:54 some one explain to me is godzilla bigger?
Why isn't Millie bobby Brown there?
Would this be another kong based movie?
Why is it that king lost a finger to his right side but gets a metallic arm in his left
First of all, is Godzilla good or bad rn? Second of all, is Godzilla purple or blue. Third of all, is Godzilla and Kong friends or what? Fourth of all, is this even Godzilla? Maybe these are just stupid questions, idk.
Are the monsters background noise for the humans again?
Yo did Kong just knocked the tooth outa Skar?! 😵
Do we need the girl that can somehow sense or communicate with these monsters lol smh
So...can anyone explain why Godzilla is red now? Cause last we saw, his blast/energy was blue. What changed?
Sooo avengers v Kong next? Seeing as Kong already got the parts for hulk buster
Is that Shimu???😮
Did Kong just knock Scar King's molar out??? 😂😂😂
How many of these dang Kong/Zilla movies are there? It feels like four or five come out per year now.
What in the CGI mess is that?
Am I going f*cking crazy or are there two Godzilla's in this movie??🤯🤯  If you can freeze frame at 00:31 by using .25x speed..You can actually see the one using the blue atomic pulse is a different godzilla which blasted kong and skar king away while theres the evolved godzilla and Shimo fighting in a distance...
1:09 Is that matpat?
Why do I keep hearing Moist Critikal in that sound effect?
does holywood actuallt know gizeh pyramids are next to a town ?
Did anyone realize go to 30 seconds in the trailer you can actually see mothra in jia's eyes and if you go to 1.26 in the trailer you can see the mothra egg
This Godzilla vs baddy Godzilla from Minus one?? Who would win? I pick minus one.
2:31  So, this is Monsterverse Godzilla version of the atomic pulse? I like it, reminds me of Heisei Godzilla's atomic pulse.
Dan stevens?? Correct me if I am wrong.
So there is actually 2x Godzilla? 2x big monkeys except the slaves from King Scar
How much do they milk the franchise? Like how much?
2:27 anyone notice Shimo's head next to Skar king?
Godzilla can't beat that Orangutan by himself?
Why they made Kong so weak?? I liked the 2005 kong. This new kong is...just soft.
WTF is that? 😂
Wtf is this? Kong 2 featuring Godzilla?
Are we not talking about Godzilla doing an actual nuclear pulse attack at 2:30. I always wanted to see that happen it reminds me of Earth Godzilla just a little.
I wonder who’s going to Win in a Fight between Skar King & Godzilla. 😬
0:30 wait isn't this mothra?
Wait!!! Did I just see a blue thermo Nuke Godzilla!!??
What month is this coming out?
Do we even care about plot and story accuracy anymore?  Just moar larj monke and larj lizard fighting, please!
What is it this time...? Aliens?
is there more than one godzilla or am i trippin
Who put the Iron Man arm on kong 🙄  Why does most new film's in a franchise get made shitier than the last one
Will there be a third trailer?
Am I the only one that hears this constant, continuous roar throughout the whole trailer? I think it's a reference to Shimo, as the sounds starts as soon as he fires his ice blast at Kong.
Why does there always need to be an idiot kid in these movies?
Did I Hear Priyanka Chopra Voice ?😱 @Warner Bros. Pictures
Is this a brazilian reference?!
So like is the whole story spoiled from this trailer?  And why does Scar King look like an angry drunk step dad? Looks like a king of the hill character 😂
are there 2 godzillas?... pink body & white eyes😮
Godzilla has a thermo pulse??? Again?!?!?!
Did GODZILLA turn into SPACE GODZILLA
2:36 Am I the only one who saw a frame of Mothra?
Does Scar king remind anyone else of Lankey Kong?
So they're not going with the time re-jiggering effect of the hollow Earth that the show presented? What was the point of the show then?
When are they fighting The Avengers
March this year or next year?
Is that shimo in the second trailer
Is this a joke
Why I feel there another type of godzilla hiding in this trailer..Space Godzilla 🤔
1:55 is that Shimo?
how many cuts in this piece? wow
Is this movie going to be KONG focused movie again? Disappointed to see barely enough footage of Godzilla and his form in this trailer
New Godzilla form?
Why is hollyweird trying to push this APE EMPIRE agenda? What do they know?
Is scar king can control shimo?
WTF is this?….hahah😅
How did we go from the actual grounded masterpiece of Godzilla 2014 to this dogshit
I’m the only one who’s prob not gonna understand this but why are Kong and Godzilla fighting again they had a truce in the last movie? The last movie was Godzilla vs. Kong why do they need to fight again?
bruhh why the avengers still only have 2 team members?
What’s the big monster they are fighting?
Guys, there is a question. 🤣 Why were the pyramids destroyed in the advertisement? 😅 I'm Egyptian and I'm shocked why the pyramid was split by Godzilla's fire. 😂😂 Oh, I think Khufu will be very sad. 🤣🤣🤣
Anyone figure out what the music is? It sounds familiar.
Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that SHIMU freezing Kongs axe?!?!?!🥶😱🥶😱🥶😱🥶😱🥶😱🥶😱
Is me have only this theory Is that Eye Is shimu's eye?
Why was zilla so tuff and he wasn’t even the main focus💀
Is that Shimo 1:54?
That was the thing shooting a beam at Kong?
So which one gonna be release first? This one or the Minus one?
was that shimu?
This trailer makes you wonder. Is it a godzilla trailer, or a kong trailer? None. It's a godzilla x kong trailer
Wait is there going to be 2 Godzillas?? Or is it just one and he’s pink AND blue in the movie
Why bother going to see the movie when the trailer spoils 99% of it to begin with.
Why do I on several occasions hear Penguinz0 go “WOOOOOOO” in the background lol (At 1:14, 1:27, and 2:33)
Am I the only one who thinks this looks bad???
remember the good old times when Godzilla (2014) was a pretty serious and intense movie? Or do you remember Kong Skull island - the lighthearted and action packed movie? Apparently WB forgot..
Could Shimo be controlling Skar King?
what is this ENDGAME
0:30 Mothra??
Did Kong knock out Scar King's tooth?
Is that Charlie screaming in the trailer?
I wonder if Shimo and Scar King are working together
Where is the villain?
Does this link worh the apple tv show?
Who let Sly Marbo constantly interrupt?
Shimo at 0:31? Put the video on 0.25x speed it's very quick. Shimo fighting glowing pink godzilla on the right
So whose the bad guy? A red gorilla?? Seems silly
1:24 mothra's egg?? 😮
I wonder when it's going to come out
Who will win in the match between godzilla and kong?
Where is Doug 😢
whos the one wit the glowing eyes behind the lava?
GMan's gonna pulse again! Tho kinda funny they did How to Train ur Dragon thing like the Dragons(Great Apes & Skar) serving the Red Death(Shimu) or thats separate scenes?
The blue likening thermo nuclear Godzilla has electrical powers?!
Pause 0:30 was that mothra in her eyes?!? Pause 0:31 godzilla was fighting shimu he looks huge!!
Was that mothra’s egg at 1:25???!
All i wanna know is are we getting the Godzilla Drop Kick???
0:29 Did she have a vision of Mothra? (slow the video speed and it looks like Mothra's face reflected in her eye.
Godzilla X Kong? Wow they're gonna kiss aren't they.
Pacific rim 3? will have?
So did anyone peep how in 2:27 when Kong punches Skar King Skar is also holding baby kong!!!??!?
Wait so is this kong and Godzilla vs Evil Kong and Godzilla ?
Why is godzilla an electric pokemon 😭      Looks good though
2:33-2:34 Did I just saw something or my blind eyes that Godzilla using that same ability that Thermo Godzilla use that same one on Ghidorah? Thats savage, bro!!!!
they are overdoing it, is vfx that cheap?
Does anyone know if this movie will play on a 4DX ???
Is there more than one Godzilla?
Are some of the shots unfinished?
How are these two, who both fought their strongest enemies afraid of a red monkey and an icicle
SHIMO? GODZILLA HAS A ELECTRICALNUCLEAR FORM? MONSTERVERSE INFINITY WAR?!?!?!
Has anyone else feel like they watched the movie by watching the movie lol. I'm excited for this movie but I feel like they showed to much.
Are they fighting Space Godzilla
Where is Kong's meat?
Whos that enemy in the shadow with blue shiny eyes and throwing ice blast on Kong ?
Where's the drop kick? Come on!
Does anyone else miss the dark impactful semi realism like what we got with 2014 Godzilla or the new Japanese one?  I love a 100 million dollar CGI fight as much as the next guy but I do miss having semi coherent plot lines and  human characters that aren’t a complete waste of screen time.
Thanks for the gift 💝 Btw how bad is this other monkey? It looks like Godzilla can solo this guy.
Thats cool and all but WHERES DOUG?!?!
How do these special effects look worse than in the first movie?
They Doomfist Kong?!?!
My biggest question is, how come no one aged in the movies when they went through the portals to the Hallow Earth, and how did Godzilla know they were there and blast a hole into it if there is a time differential? Still looks like a super fun movie.
When  r they gonna add pacific rim to the crossover? Since its the same studio
Is shimu gonna be in the movie
will we ever get a godzilla or kong movie with little human interaction i just wanna see titans going at it and how they live
so whos the real enemy here?
Why is everything about monkeys in nowadays? Starting to look like the fast and furious saga
I wonder if Mothra might make a return in this movie... regardless, trailer looks INCREDIBLE and Im hyped to see what hapoens next!
W h y does it have to be Transformers now?
I always got the impression that there was some kind of Titan War that happened in the Hollow Earth, but it felt like it was possibly between Kong's species and Godzilla's. I'm kinda wondering if all of that happened and then Ghidorah appeared and screwed it all up, until maybe Shimo froze him, and they had a bit of a truce. The Titans on the surface would follow whoever was King up there, and then hopefully the same would happen down below, but something went wrong? Just some thoughts on it all.
What on earth is going on
Why is there a sun if they're underground?
Who else is pretty hyped?
how is this frenchise going on?
0:30 Mothra as a reflection inside the eye?!!!!
Is Godzilla and Kong trained together?
Will they ever run out of ideas?
2:24 is that Tom Hiddleston’s voice?
Do i need to watch the tv show before this?
Can they make the human characters actually interesting this time? Minus One was mainly humans and that’s regarded as the best Godzilla film now.
What is gonna be the best 2024 movie godzilla x kong , beyond the spider verse , despicable me 4 , or kung fu panda 4 , thanks for the likes ❤❤❤❤
They can show this off but not Coyote vs Acme? #Releasecoyotevsacme
Godzilla and Kong fight again wonder who’s going to win?
Why is the CGI looking super cheap now?
Was Shimo controlling Skar King of Skar King was controlling Shimo?
Pause 0:30, who is that guys?😏👁️
The only question I have is are we going to experience time moving differently when they're in hollow Earth like in the Monarch series?
not a Kong expert, but who's the bad guy in this movie?
Why they got people in this movie? I want just a big monster edit.
Is it me or do the titans feel…smaller? Either way, I’m quite excited for this movie.
0:30 I’m sorry did godzilla just do a pulse? 0:31  YOOOO HE DID is that Shimo in the back and a pink godzilla? 0:51 bro had too much radiation
what is lemon doing there
1:56 that is not atomic breath 💀 is it really shimu?!
Wait, are they gonna fight on Rio de Janeiro?
Is that the ice spitting shimo?
How many times are all these places getting fing destroyed in this universe?!
It would be better without all of that cgi puke all over the screen. Does everything have to freakin glow?
Since when did Godzilla get electric powers I like it and I also like the pink design but I'm still curious what the thing in the cave was??? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Wait Godzilla can now breath ice ???????????
Why do you keep putting human characters? They really ruin the mood a lot
Finally some Orang love but Yo where the Gibbons at??
Sooo...was that a 4th kaiju or was godzilla powering up the axe?
Why make King Kong a gray-haired old man?
I wonder how scary-looking the unseen Titan is?
Is that gauntlet has 6 infinity stones also?
When did this franchise turn into the Power Rangers?
I wonder what's gonna happen 🤔 Trailer: 🤗
1:07 they brought him back??! 🤦‍♂🤦‍♂🤦‍♂😮‍💨😮‍💨 He was by far the worst and most annoying character in the previous movie!
Why did they give Rebecca Hall such a terrible haircut?
JFC how does the CGI in this look worse than Peter Jackson's King Kong from 20 years ago?
They're showing too much wtf? ☠️
Why do they always make Godzilla's head so ridiculously small compared to his body size?  It looks stupid, and lessens the visual impact.
Why does it look so cheap and heartless? It's all animated so weird
When are we going to get different monster main characters in this so-called (by the fans) Monster Verse???
A magical child in a dangerous universe? I'm surprised they didn't cast Pedro Pascal.
DID NO ONE NOTICE SHIMO IN THIS TRAILER? THERE'S LIKE 3 CLEAR SHOTS OF SHIMO 0:30 fighting godzilla in his pink form 2:13 shooting his breath into the sky and 2:27 behind skar king before kong knocks skar kings teeth out
Why they did not show this at Super Bowl?!
Electric pulse in monsterverse?
Is he fighting Cranky Kong?
Am I the only one who thinks this looks 3x times better than the previous trailer?
which is godzilla and which is kong???? and why is there blue and pink colored godzilla???
Is this movie set in the MCU?
Why does scar king look so thin
Wow so they fighting two things ? But even kong and zilla scared now this shi gonna be fire
0:30 mothra? 0_0
So that barbie Godzilla is an ally or an enemy?
What in the world shot the ice beam Also I’m excited to see how godzilla got to be blue and do the cool thermonuclear pulse. I know it’s not thermonuclear godzilla but it looks like the thermonuclear pulse that he did
can we get a monster movie without some random forgettable character's boring story added in? nobody is watching these movies for anything other than the monsters
Disney purchased Warner Bros????
Is it me, or does the trailers show the whole movie beginning to End now a days
I thought CGI was supposed to get better?!? Looks like early 2000’s still
Is Warner Bros going to cancel this movie for a tax write off too?
Where do you even go from here?
🤨Pink scales now huh🙄A lot of.....Pink...Why? Is Godzilla a female? Am I missing something? Or is this the usual. Them being acknowledged?
u can actually see godzilla and shimo fight, and shimo shooting his breath into the sky at some point, if u blink u miss it, btw why was skar king holding suko when kong punched his teeth out?? 💀💀
Who was that on 1:53
Pause at 0:31 is that Shimu?
Am I the only one who thinks they added Charlie’s “WOOOOO” sound effect?
Why do i have the feeling of one of them dying? 😭😭
Is there gonna be 2 Godzilla’s 😮?
is that moistcritical’s scream they used every time they screamed?😂
Ah, so godzilla and Kong are now part of the MCU? 😅 ugh this trailer is giving me mcu and transformers vibes not godzilla 🤦‍♂️
On Valentine’s Day? Are they dating?
What are the pronouns of Zilla and Kong? 😂
Will this be better than Godzilla minis one? Let me know
Warner wtf is this ?😂😂😂😂
Why does godzilla sound like the femur crusher
Awsome!! Uploaded 2h ago and already 1.2M views... what am I doing wrong?😅😅😅
Which of them is Superman and which is Batman?
What monster was shooting ice at kong?
Did they spoiled the entire movie?☠️🪦
I wonder which city is about to be destroyed this time.
Is Shimu a member of Godzilla’s species??????
Godzilla Multiplied by Kong?
Why do I feel like mothra is going to show up again to help Godzilla
This is fake or serious? 😂😂
Isn't the baby girl the same girl who was in 'The Meg's?
what is even happening lmao
Can they stop having the child chosen one in all these movies
Will it be somehow related to the Monarch series??🤔🤔
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen?
Who are they fighting?
I don't get it...are they fighting against that red Kong and the blue Godzilla?......What did they fear?
How many times Godzilla gotta whoop all them ?
Why are trailers so bad now? So many drums and Boooooms and Bwwaaaaums!
Did anyone else see all four of them battling at 00:30
Why is there so much just squished into one movie
Planet of the Apes meet Transformers?
WAS THAT A NUCLESR PALSE
Does anyone actually give af about the human plotline? Lol
0:31 I saw pink godzilla fighting shimo on the right. But, who actually make blue thermonuclear blasting scar king? Does blue and pink godzilla two diffrent titan? Also pink godzilla use atomic breathe to kong.
Can this be the last Muto movie? Please????
Whose the villain
I wonder if Godzillas atomic breath will over power shimus ice beam in a beam clash
Is that a new zilla??👀😳
Didn't they already make this movie? When are they going to think of something new?
Two or three Godzilla’s?
Can You Put Mothra And Rodan On Their Please?
At 1:46, what happens ???? Kong is holding the axe in the right hand. Scar kings whip wraps around his left hand.  What exactly happen ? Kong is still holding the the axe. Did the spike on the tip of the whip slice his hand ??
Didn’t they like, already do this three years ago but with extra steps?
Why is turning pink a Gozilla power up, is he Goku or stupid?
So who are scar and shimo?
WAIT SHIMU IS A GAINT GODZILLA?
I couldn't tell if this was planet of the apes x fast and furious or wha?!
Why did they take away blu :(
Who is that other monkey?
Alright as cool as this crossover is, am i the only one that thinks they pussied out major with not choosing a clear winner in Godzilla vs King Kong? I Think Godzilla should have won it with mortaly wounding but not killing Kong. Then they would have a storyline where Kong now follows Godzilla as the true Apex and they still work together. I mean i would have even been ok with kKng winning and activly sparing Godzilla showing his inteligence cause he sees him as a potential ally and than he calls for Godzillas loyalty in this movie. Just any definite decision of who is stronger.
You can't watch trailers nowdays. They give everything away. Did we need to know he was going to use a gauntlet, for example? Producers are too afraid people on go see their stuff ending up showing cool details that would work better if we didn't know.
why people saying the shimo entrance was cold it was just 2 eyes bro and how is the cgi looking a bit wierd in a trailer  it looks like a marvel movie and why would kong protect humans we dont protect ants and he looks bigger than godzilla and im sorry the pink does not suit godzilla waht so ever
When do they kiss? The film is called Godzilla X Kong.
Are you guys really ready for this??
Does anyone feel that is a video game more than a movie ?!
Why is this vin Diesel and rock ?
i dont get it. whos fighting who?? why is there double doubles but different fighting each other? one thing is for sure. the orangutan is the antagonist!
Is that Mothra in Jia's eyes?
Who and what is a shimo?
am i the only one who thought the soundwaves warbling was penguinz0 going woooo yeah baby?
Wait, does this mean Kong technically isn’t a Titan? If his species is considered the Great Apes and listed separately from the Titans.
is there 2 godzillas? at 29 seconds slow it down to .25 speed. and you see godzilla going almost nuclear but blue, and the frame right after has the pink godzilla fighting shimu, either its two scenes that arent the same part and there blended, or theres 2 godzillas
Is Millie Bobby Brown in it??
Where is Millie Bobby Brown 🤔
10 years ago we had the very grounded godzilla (2014). How exactly did we get here?
Who is more powerful kong or Godzilla
why did you have to make them run together side by side in center frame? why?!?!?!
Did you just show the entire movie? Anyway, the thumbnail makes Godzilla and Kong look like Monsterarts toys lol! I thought it was gonna be a toy review before I clicked and saw it's a new trailer!🤣🤣🤣
Why trailers are so informative?
Wait, there's not a skybeam, but now a waterbeam?  And they make a MechaKong, but not a MechaGodzilla?  Expectations SUBVERTED.
Why does that roar kinda sound like the Penguinz yell meme 💀💀
Why does godzilla sound like MoistCritical at 2:34
2:35 what are they bowing to ? Dead of kong ? 😢
So... Another mid tier Godzilla/Kong movie?
why does the scar king roar sound like moist critical?
1:25 Is that MOTHRA’S EGG?
Yeah but how does this affect LeBron's legacy?
I'm gonna enjoy it but why does the cgi look so bad in comparison to 2014 and 2019? Like all the directors style seems to have gone out  the window
Da faq is this nonsense?
1:25 is that Mothra?
Am i watching godzilla x kong or planet of the apes? And why is godzilla pink?
1:53 is that OG Godzilla? 😳
are the movie comming to sweden växjö when its comming out?
I guess they covered the entire movie in the trailer? Anything left to see?
Is this gonna continue from monarch legacy of monsters?
So who’s the enemy the other kong?
A thermo nuclear type of Godzilla???
Ok so why people attacking godzilla again ?
I wonder how much this cost vs Godzilla Minus One.... A lot more I'll bet.
Why is nobody talking about the ice version of Godzilla that sensed Shimo and then jumped into the ocean?
Can anyone tell me about shimo...like i am seeing almost all comments related to shimo...like who is shimo...and is he more powerful or what
Why is there 2 godzillas
Why does legendary always cast the ugliest women as a main character?
Who saw Godzilla & Shimo throwing hands? 😂 Let's Go Monsterverse!!!
Did anyone see Skar’s tooth?! 2:27
You think the big big bad is a Kaiju? Can't wait for the Jeagers to show up and help Kong and Godzilla.
So whos the big bad guy here?
They brought in Chaos from Primal Rage or what?
Why do I see  two coloured Godzillas
2:20 Tom Hiddleston voice?
How many more of these documentaries do we need to convince the government to revitalize the Jaeger project???
Now I'm wondering why Godzilla looks like he's in a perma-thermonuclear state, except blue. Maybe his energy is growing too strong for his body to handle and that's what causes the evolution. Also, shimo blasting ice from the sky seems, how?
so now theyre like roommates or sum?
Did Kong get his finger chopped offf?
0:31 who are those monsters next to Godzilla?
Is this Lethal Weapon 5?
2:33 is that MoistCr1tical's iconic meme scream?? xD
Is anyone gonna talk about Godzilla in lightning mode or what?
Ready for a new Warzone event? LMAO
Also how are we excusing these background effects ? The main characters look like cut outs
1:53 is that shimo ?
So is  shamu a ice Godzilla???
Who tf edited this trailer???
This movie will appear on Netflix and Amazon prime right?
00:19 is this a CGI for that Kong game?😂
Why does older movies, like 10 year old ones have better cgi than today? movie looks good though
Which one is your favorite? Kong or Godzilla.
Why do they always show all the good bits in the trailer.
Has anybody noticed Mothra on Gia's Eye reflection during 0:30  Put on x 0.25 between 0:27-0:30
Why does Godzilla attack the kong with his atomic breath
Is funky kong in this one?
Who’s spewing ice?
Why is now Godzilla a sidekick of King Kong ?
I can't find Shimo in this trailer. Can anyone help me?
Where is the Queen of the monster
2:32 why is this attack of Godzilla sound like the old "WTF boom" screaming?
Why did i heard about 3 times cr1tikal's celebration scream
Did anyone see Godzilla and Kong vs. Scar King and Shimo  0:30
Nice graphics! Is this game on Xbox or Playstation?
What about shimo
Why cant these two just get along ?
Was that mothra at the end?!!
This is litterally Michael Bays Transformers. Why?
what is this? the 1960's?
Do people actually  watch these films???
At least 2 movies this year where Ape is the bad guy  coincidence?
Kong now has a Transformers arm? Bro!
I only have one question left. Where is Doug!?
Did we get hints for mothra????
They gave Kong a Power Fist?!?
Why does Godzilla always seem to change visually? Bro went from blue to pink
Wait so there’s two Godzilla ? Who the heck is the blue freezing everything looking Godzilla lol
Well, aren't they enemies to each other like in the previous movie?  Are they a team?
Frozen Atom breath? Shimuu?
When are they going to give Kong his electric powers? They made him lose his '' ape made'' battle ex for a '' human assisted'' infinity gauntlet?🚶‍♂️🚶‍♂️🚶‍♂️   Shots luk tho🙄I'm excited. however we now need a director who's a big kong fan. honestly.
Chat is this reall?
So the big monkey is now Doomfist? kekw
What’s with the gauntlet? Kind don’t need a gauntlet.
why that howl sound so much like that penguinz0 meme scream 1:13
Did anybody notice how Godzilla's voice has completely changed !
What is that 1:52?
Why reveal the second villain wtf ?
Can we just get a King of the Monsters movie already. Lol.  That arcade was fun!
Why'd they sample Cr1Tikal's scream at 1:15?
So which one is going to go Ultra Instinct first?
Anyone else wondering how shimu was just casually in the scar king lair? Like did scar keep him as a pet , is he that overpowered
Why they still attack Godzilla? 😭 Are they're trying to make war with king and his Titans or something?
One question after several movies why are humans still attacking Godzilla at 2:31 after it was established that he protects the world from other Kaiju?
Kong and godzilla are scared? I thought godzilla never gets scared of anything.
What in the goofy did I just watch
So the scar king has atomic breath as well?
what is legandery's problem with South America
is this real?
Why does this look kind of stupid though? They make a new enemy threat, that threat is overpowering at first, wins and defeats the good guys, all hope seems lost, then they come back and win, maybe one of them dies, maybe not.
Where is Doug?
1:26 Mothra’s cocoon?
Why does Godzilla move like a guy in a suit in that superhero shot? 😵‍💫
how do they pump out so many movies so fast :D
2:35 Who are they ?? What other titan are they going to wake up? Seriously, will it be Mothra?
How is it possible that this was released 50 minutes ago and has 5 thousand comments?
WHO SAW THE BLUE NUCLEAR GODZILLA?
1:25 is that mothra egg?!
Hold on. That beam against Kong's axe, was that shimo?
King Scar seems to be controlling Godzilla?
Play at 0.25x and pause at 0:30. Is that Mothra in her eye ?
Anyone get Stone Cold Steve Austin and The Rock tag team vibes here?
I wonder if Egypt is okay with them destroying the piramid, imagine if they did that to china, not many countries accept for their wonders to be destroyed.
Looks familier, is that another transformers movie?
I'm confused who the enemy is, the skinnier big ape?
anybody else feel the reduced quality of CGI? like its back to the old days of CGI kind
Why do movies show half the plot in the trailers nowadays?
Anyone else think that was Bumblebee at the beginning?
For real who tf watches a movie like this? Its totally time and money waste. People = npcs
who is stronger: ice turtle, nuclear lizard or big monke
Why did they give kong infinity gauntlet?
Is it another godzilla?
Where is shimu???
0:30 is that two godzilla's on the right??
How will this effect the kaiju universe meta
What is the fantastical trailer I have ever seen
So Kong is the 'good cop'?...
Is that titanius shimu with blue eyes😢
Why would Godzilla be afraid of another giant, mediocre ape who shoots ice beams? It seems like this universe is gravitating toward Kong, but they should shift the focus back to Godzilla and introduce a real badass monster who can actually threaten Godzilla. So sick of seeing stupid apes.
Is it me or does it feel like there’s a new Godzilla movie every 3 months 😂 Excited for this one
whos at 1:54?
Kong's left hand got injured and he is wearing the gauntlet on his right hand??
Is this franchise the new Transformers
who's at 1:54?
Was that scar king that got knocked out? If so, why did he look so small at the end was that him or no?
I wonder why can't it be simple like the og king kong
So who’s the enemy?
im just confused as to why skar king is a threat, is he not just a godzilla size primate?? does he have weapons other than that spine whip? it would be cool if he had some other characteristics like idk atomic breath it just doesn’t make me that hyped
Another godzilla , the blue one?
no offense, but WHY PINK THO?
So is there a villain here we have yet to see?
Do you think there is CGI in this movie ?  Just asking ....
Is necessary see Monarch to undertand this new movie?
Did Kong lost his hand or what
I gotta find out why Godzilla got that Magenta glow now what upgrade he get???
Wait planet of ape vs godzilla?
Do people actually care about theselame movies?
Is shimo freezing zilla in that Rio shot ???
who else thinks it looks stupid?
I do wanna know why is the robotic upgrade on kongs right arm when its his left arm that got injured?
How much void Hollywood can be? Minus one for you
Who's idea was it to give the monkey a powerglove?
When do tickets go on sale
Will yall ever make original movies again or will it just be sequel after sequel till the end of days?
Does kong have the infinity gaulnlet on his arm?
why do i keep heraing penguiz0's "WOAHHHHHH!!" from the "thats what weve been waiting for!" clip?
Anyone kind of underwhelmed that they’re just using a new original Kaiju as the villain? Maybe it’s just me but after we got Ghidorah and Mechagodzilla as the villains of the last two movies, I was kind of hoping they’d continue that trend with maybe Gigan or Destoroyah. This villain is just another ape. Kind of boring in my opinion.
Where is the joker 2 trailer?
can we get one monster movie without the human cringe? just one? every word spoken by humans in this trailer was nauseating
Why they are spoiling all the movie in the trailers?? The trailers are supossed to bring you to the cinema, not to tell you all the movie so you don't need to watch it
when are they gonna learn that missiles and explosive doesnt work on Titans XD
is there another godzilla? I can see blue blasts when godzilla is already pink!!
Hi can any explain me why are there 2  different colored Godzilla one blue and another one pink ??
huh...Ghostbusters and Godzilla sharing the same ice-theme villian?????
Why are people still trying to shoot Godzilla?! Have these people not learned anything?!🤣
is that sound effect literally moist critical screaming? lol
0:29 Slow down the video and look at Jia's eyes reflection... Is that Mothra?
How did this franchise go from the darkness, grittiness of Godzilla (2014) to this in only 3 movies…
2:23 is it Tom hiddleston ???
Where was shimo?
1:53 wait who is That Bro????
That other godzilla is the shin godzilla right? 🤔
Did anyone else see shimus head and tail on 2:27
What I don’t understand is why are all the Jets shooting at Godzilla at the end
But will this be better than Madame web?
I’m so confused why are they fighting again? In which timeline does this take place in? because there’s the Japanese Godzilla minus one and then there’s the monarch series on Apple TV
what is with godzilla and bridges
So is the game Overwatch getting a Doomfist/Kong crossover? LOL
Will Godzilla and Kong only appear together now, or will they ever have their own stories again?
So... Where is shimu?
how many times u gonna reboot that damn franchise ?
Shimu and Mothra??? 🫠🫠🫠
Love the trailer music, does anyone recognize it?
Is it me or when you pause and click this timestamp 0:31, you can see two Godzillas, one pink and one blue
Is that supposed to be Space Godzilla?
Why do keep hearing moist criticals scream?
So when are we getting the King for Kong and getting electric power ups? I like the whole machine tools thing but unless you're gonna suit him up as Jet Jaguar Ironman hybrid, kindly back track and make him into a proper kaiju and not an overgrown gorilla like how Zilla was (overgrown iguana) in 1998 film
What is that 0:48
What if Christ the Redeemer became the third member of the gang?
Why was mini Kong throwing a rock at Kong’s face? Maybe trying to wake Kong up? 😂😂😂
What is that 😢
Did they really give Kong the power fist from fallout?
Is mothra in the movie
Who else is excited for the release?  👇
1!54 who is it?
March 29? Oh boy, it's close.
How about Donkey Kong vs Kong?
Did... did the trailer start with the Among Us sound effect?
Is this multiverse? 😂
Why are they afraid to show Shimo
All I mould react with was wait what! Really? Wow
Where is Doug
Did they show the whole movie?
Is Shimo in this?
Why do the roars sound like “WHOAOOAOO!!! YEAH BABY” meme?
Why they want to hide shimo's (already revealed) design so badly?
Was that possibly another...Zilla of some sort?? Or? Cause whatever it was, it seem to have put Kong in some fear
Where is Hindi ?
Is anyone else hearing Cr1TiKaL cheering in the background? Just me?
2:32 Atomic Pulse or Alpha Roar?  OHHHH I WANNA KNOW SO BADLY!!!!!!
Why is that views on every trailer coming out these days are looking less to my eyes after the bar GTA VI trailer set for views under hours
0:30 Why were there two more Godzillas?
Did they just show the whole movie in this trailer ?? 💔
when is the fast and the furious crossover happening?
Where is Shimo???
Why when godzilla screams it sounds like moistcritical meme?
What is that ?? 1:54 ????
This trailer has me confused at some points like does he stay in his evolved form? Or is he back in blue? This story just seems all over the place  Good action tho can't wait to see it
I have a doubt. Is Skar King controlling Godzilla?
I wonder if we ever find out anything new about Ghidorah in this film?
1:49  “What is that?” 1:52 “Shimo fellas”
APE TITAN? Wtf
So this is an Optimus Primal origin story?
Why do I feel like Godzilla and shimo will hook up and that’s gonna set up son of Godzilla?
OMG SHIMU IS IN THIS MOVIE???
She can hear a signal despite being deaf?
Better than Deadpool 3?
Is it just me or is Godzilla copying the dragon ball z method of transformations?
what is that loud scream randomly?😭
How does Godzilla run! Never seen that before! LOL
Is it just me or that flash in the eyes in the head of Mothra?! 0:30
Am I the only one fatigued of these big budget CGI sludgefests? It’s literally the same as the last movie with a different villan. Terrible dialogue. Predictable plot. They turned Godzilla and Kong into overly intelligent action kung fu fighters. Just boring and lazy.
So after this movie is done with its theatrical run, can we get Minus One back?
0:31 A full view of the duo fight,  godzilla looking a lot more pink like atomic godzilla but pink haha, maybe just a not finished CGI cause they look like  a kid draw  Despite that, now i have a question, is Godzilla loosing control again? Looks like he is gonna end mad after the fight when its new transformation finishes
when do godzilla and kong make out and fall in love
Yooo what 0:31 is that shimu?
In trailer "what is that" Who is the new titan?? Showing he's eyes 🤔
When will the episode be shown?
Since when Godzilla has electric powers? Did I missed something?
can you guys just make sure they still look like GIANT MONSTERS in the hollow earth ? but yea it's looking better than i thought!
0:31 is that Godzilla vs shimo and scar king?
The fight win be in Rio- Brazil?
Is Mothra going to be in Godzilla x Kong?
Anyone else keep hearing the moist critical "Woo!" Every now and then? Or is it just me?...
Is there another titan than scar king?
Still no warbats?
¿¿Where is shimo?? 😭
I am confused, is pink godzilla temporary? Cause the blue one we know is able to produce that atomic blast we saw in the end godzilla kotm
Which one is your team? Godzilla or Kingkong?!
Godzilla with electric powers ?
So who is the bigger threat besides the Scar King? The Two Kings have a lot to face on. But I can’t wait to see.
Is that Shimo 🤯
2:12 IS THAT A MOTHERFU***** BRAZIL REFERENCE?? 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
What the fuc is going on this trailer😂😂
Up until now, who do yall think stronger? Godzilla or Kingkong? Come on now
Who is the true king of monsters Godzilla or Kong
IS IT REAL THAT SHIMO IS IN GXK?
Tickets go on sale when?
Godzilla or Kong who is stronger?
Who's here for Godzilla X Kong? 👇