can someone pls explain ? i watched arcane but i don't play lol so i'm really confused here
Is it just me or is she pregnant like look at the beginning of the video her stomach😮
Why didn't Ambessa choose the sheep? It would've saved us the grievance and sadness. Man, Arcane is so heartbreaking.
Kindred 's wolf mask?.. i haven't played League of Legends for a very long time now.
3:43 Why do characters always pull out the arrow instead of breaking the shaft? isnt that what you're supposed to do?
Anyone else crying to this song? ^^*  Idk this hits smth deep inside of me
Who is here again after Ambessa: Chosen of the wolf?
Whos behind ambessa besides pantheon? Is it katarian with her blades and maybe darius with his axe? And swain...? Idk
You mean to tell me the singer here and Barb from Abbott Elementary are the same person? 🤯🤯🤯
Anyone gonna talk about how cool those tall drummer things are?
Can someone PLEAASEEE model the Lamb shes holding and that blue Wolf-stone thing ?    I want them 3D printed !
Who else came back to watch the video after reading the novel? Raise ur hand ✋✋✋
was the lamb she sacrificed representing Kino? omg.. so many questions
Were those xeraths cultists? at 1:35
Who's also rewatching after reading the book?
Is Riot Games seriously trying to make us feel bad for her???
ok crazy but what if the black rose gave ambessa her throne? it kind of seems like the black rose made a deal with ambessa, cant wait to find out more about her backstory and why shes so afraid of the black rose
who is her?
wait swain and Catarina are with pantheon, why?
What is that wolf at the beginning? I mean, is it a murk wolf or what?
Anyone here 2025? ❤
Did you notice that Ambessas' out fit is similar to what Mel's out fit when she gets her magical powers? But the factor was once innocent and vulnerable is crazy but was the relationship with the goat or sheep she held?
Where are my Hextech chests??
when did Bangalore from apex joind league ?
Kino is the Lamb, isn't he? : (
Can we get another Chrissy Costanza video?  She's my favorite person.  I think she represents League well too <3 :)
So can someone explain this I understand she was one the verge of death but did she literally rage against the darkness. Despite the pain she was going through she simply refused to die not only to save her life but the life of her unborn child and through countless failures she eventually bested kindred and was allowed a second chance at the life she nearly threw away?
Ok I have a question aren't chosen of the wolf supposed to become magically gifted or something?
Why ambessa did not die here, she became the wolf, or the kindred spared and sustained her granting her the status of the wolf, why she died in arcane? Probably because kindred passed that status to Mel. And Ambessa already knew about her death and gladly went for it so the medarda army will he led by her daughter, and ambessa will be out of the equation and the black rose will deal with someone more powerful than ambessa
Love the song, but what's going on with the soundtrack from 3:25 to 3:27?
How many times have you watched this?  Me: Yes
Who is this diva
Ya'll let a pregnant lady on the battle field? Really?!
Is this made by fortiche too?
Am I the only one that is interested in the series and not in the game itself? 😅
Isn't that the wolf that helps people to the after life and resurects the people who are going to do something?
Who is the guy in the middle at 2:33 ? I can see swain and kat, but im confused about the middle one
I wonder if this what seraphine hears when in contact with amidala
How did they make the songs for season 2 even better than in 1
what kind of irl drum is being used at 1:40? I love that sound
2:48 anyone else find it incredibly satisfying how every strike of the mallet or whatever hits exactly on the beat?  and how the order they hit is completely random?
Is that woman young Ambessa?
Why the f in thinking that its ambessas singing haha
How does Riot create such charismatic black characters. They didn't miss once.
why not hire the same graphic designers as Arcane? It's not the same!
What i am curious about, who are these people behind Pantheon? Doesn't look like leona or diana or taric or Soraka. Its seems like Katarina and Garen like body.
"what fixed your depression?" "Ambessa"
MRS. HOWARD? EXCUSE ME?
I kept waiting to see this in Arcane S02 but it never shoqed. Wtf? Did i miss something??
Why does this has such low views compared to the other videos
Was this song not actually in the show? I’ve watched the second season twice now and don’t remember it being in the show.
ARCANE SEASON 2 SPOILERS!!!    I keep seeing people talk about the lamb that Ambessa is carrying & it symbolizing innocenece. I believe that it does resemble innocence since it is a lamb, but is the child that is depicted holding it not Mel's brother Kino? Would the lamb not symbolize Ambessa's sacrifice of one child for another? The lamb is ripped apart in a sort of ritual, so I took it as a ritual to sacrifice the lamb, i.e. Kino.
Where are these scenes from? They werent in the series
wtf... she was impregnated by wolves?
This is so underrated??????????? 😭
Is this on Spotify?
Why is she black
how did i not watch this part
My main question is why Ambessa is even going into battle when she is that far along in her pregnancy? Let alone being less armored than the others.
Was this in Arcane? Did i miss an episode?
Is it me, or Ambessa has something to do with a kinda Xerath cult?
Am i the only one who gets 2 doffrent chills? One for the fantastic kind of music video wich could easily be a movie with all this lore. And one those creepy long legged dudes that drum on..what. sticks..?
Is Me's dad Pantheon???
what film/serial is it?
Who’s the strong guy of white hair that she’s fighting fighting with?
Why this song wasn't part of the show? I don't remember it in season 2 🤔
i watched the entire arcane series and I didn't watch this???? chapter??
Ambessa fights the pantheon?
My question is, Does this video mean her becoming a chosen of the wolf is canon to her storyline since they're showing Mel as a baby at the end as well?
Who’s that tall hot white haired man she was fighting? 👀
I wonder who Mel's father is
Why all the satanic symbolism???
Can someone please explain what the ever living flumph is going on in this video, it's awesome but I understand next to none of it
Who is this diva 💚
DOES THIS MEAN MEL IS THE REASON SHE SURVIVED????
Do you think if Riot made League like Overwatch or Marvel Rivals, would it have more players?
IS SHE PREGNANT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? i just caught that!
What ep guys??
3:00 is that Lamb? If so, anyone notice how Kindred has started getting more and more attention even if its subtle?
Hunt with Ambessa and the champions as the Wolf's Chosen on November 6, 2025?
What episode is ths song in ? If anyone knows.
Wait, Noxians put women in visible pregnancy into army as active soldier taking part in battles and other military operations ? Sure, why not
Wait, this song and mv doesn't really appears in any of the episodes right? I don't recognize it but I have such bad memory
Where's the animations in the video from?
Is that pantheon?
How to tell a character’s backround story within 4 minutes and music
Whats the First Song  Name ?
Why are noxians so obsessed with wolves and ravens
Why was this not in the show??😭😭
this is just the surface of Ambessa's origin right? she's so young here
Is she really dead?
Do you think that lamb represents her son? If i remember correctly she had to give up her son for the sake of her daughter. Which would also explain her anguish when she’s in the place she gave up the lamb.
TWISTED FATE ♠️ ♥️ ♣️ ♦️ VFX UPDATE IN WILD RIFT???
Is the sheep supposed to be her innocence or her children? Or something entirely else?
she dead right??
Which episode is this
Why didn’t they play this one in the series???😢😢😢 or did I miss it?
Who is Mel's father???
question is, who is the father???
did she sacrifice her son to be a leader?
So this level of animation is like Arcane, yet we did not see it in tv show. Can they use it for other stories by Fortiche?
why is swain and pantheon relevant to ambessa?
What song is when jayce and ekko travelling back in time?? In s2ep7
The kid is Kino??
is this the young Ambessa ?
Which episode is this?
Is this song about the season 3?
Ok so I am confused, I watched all the second season of arcane and this wasn't in there. Why?
Why does she pull out the arrow along with the tip? She will bleed out and die faster that way?
Why didn't play this song on Arcane? I don't remember hearing it or am I just deaf?
Is that pantheon
Next Arcane in Noxus?
So question do their race or ethnicity bleed gold?
Wait did she bang the god?
"What motivated you to get back into working out?" "Ambessa"
Can someone tell what this is? Is this also in arcane or is it just a music video for lol?
Why is she carrying a lamb? Is this some sort of religious reference?
Not familiar with the game but what are the creatures she’s running with in the desert, the ones on the drums?
Was she pregnant with Mel at this point?
What song is in the beck ground
Wait does this mean that Ambessa is originally from Shurima? :o
Hang on, hang on, does video reveal that Mel is the daughter of Kindred!?
Why is there only 5 million views? It's clearly one of their best song (and music video)
is the baby Melora or her brother?
Pantheon is Noxian?
THE FACT THAT THE VO FOR AMBESSA SINGS THIS!?
Did Ambessa sacrifice her son ?
Pantheon is father Mel???
is that panthion ?
No naafiri and warwick? Lmao you all created a wolf champions and not decided to use them for this?
Why does this keep getting better the more I listen to it??
Does anyone know if they made this specifically for the show, or is just a short music video to promote the game more?
So is it like a “House of Usher” thing where she’s given up her future kid to a god for power and now it’s time to pay up but she won’t lose Mel after they took the son??
Was that Mel in her belly?
Is the fetus Mel or her brother?
Did anyone noticed the baby? 🙀💥
Anyone else notice at 0:45 the side eye Kindred gives to her stomach when coming to take her?
Why is this so cryptic, so weird, wtf is even happening in this video
Wait, Woodkid was one of the ones producing this?  With him collabing with Alex on 2 songs in Arcane (1 for each season), does that mean he got involved more with Riot/Arcane's music production?  Can't wait for the behind the scenes of Arcane 2 from Alex.
Was she chosen by the wolf Kindred?
i wonder what she stole
Who else is rewatching this after watching arcane?
Am I the only one who thinks 3:02 is very weird and cringe ? loved everything except it
I'm not familiar with her lore, but I have a question on the baby - is that Mel in the womb, or her brother? I always assumed that the brother was older. So would this be her first child, or has she already had a baby before going to war? She looks pretty young to be a mom...
3:33 Am I confused or are some soundseffects similar to "Throw me to the Wolves" by Future Royalty?
How Abessae gets her own music video? She is not even a game character yet. Why not make another clip like Enemy with several main characters from Arcane, but not the side character Ambessa
Is she Ambessa? Wolf didnt touch her because she is also wolf
whats this garbage ?
Is Medarda or new aspect?
Barbara Howard of Abbott Elementary! Is that you???
can something be to awesome? Is that a thing? I think i got awesomitus. no cure.
was the baby mel? from arcane cause it had the same glow as her in the final scene(I'm coping cause i hope she is ok lol)
Wait, Barbara from Abbott elementary is the singer? !!!!! The duality and talent that woman has!!!
why BANGALORE is here?
So she proved to be hard feeder and instead of being banned she got crowned? Is it some kind of DEI?
Why isnt anyone talking about the ruined king Viego pose?
When will we change League of Legends category from Gaming to Music??
tanto hype pra isso? só ficou legal a Kindred.
can we get Imagine Dragons back?
Is this a BTS reference?
where's my KDA?
Does anyone find those tall drum guys cool??
Ambessa the wolf and Mel the lamb?
Who can you win? You are just an ordinary person. This path is full of humiliation, no one will share your pain, not even those you are trying to protect. Stop while you still can.😭
Can anyone shed some light on the weird alien creatures?
Ambessa the new Tina Turner? ooorrrr whaaaa!
So ambessa is an ascendant candidate? Or a failed vessel for the aspect of war
wait, I'm not good at interpreting symbolism, but it looks like she sacrifices the lamb 1:51 (her unborn child mel?) to kindred perhaps. the fetus' eyes glow gold. and at the end of season 1 arcane, it looks like mel has some sort of gold magic to save herself from jinx's death rocket, maybe kindred ult that makes her and anyone close to her invulnerable? I'm grasping at straws here with two baincells.
This kindred, gave a second chance... dont take her life... why?
Why do you put as the main character in a video a black person considering whites and asians are the most of your player base?
terrible, from the last cinematic to this? is this downgrade or what?
i notice something, ambessa ni the end of arcane 1 she blooms like the "fetus" in 3:37, so is she having his girl with powers and then she heals her?
why is she running around with faker in the desert?
ok so... whats going on there?
is she pregnant ?
uhmmmm why is this better than the world song ? lol wtf
Wait! Time out! Time out! Is that... Ambessa!?!
one question who is the lucky dad who preg that sigma woman?🤣
Whats wrong with S14 Worlds MV?
Can RIOT please give players some beautiful characters?
Is RIOT invaded by political correctness?
Or are you afraid of being beaten by Feminazi?
Is this someone getting introduced in season 2? A lot of this feels like a completely separate story
She's pregnant?
Why is this sounds like a song from Too Hot To Handle when someone gets rejected or something and a sad song comes in LMAO
is this supossed to be a new skinline? Because i can see there is pantheon,swain, and katarina
this song is going to be played in opening ceremony worlds finals right?
Why does it sounds like a Disney Musical segmente XD
why do i have to download the game again now... rito please, let go of me already i'm tired..
is forteesh working both on the arcane and these music videos? i hope they aren't stressed by execs...
Who is the singer of this song?
Did anyone else who's Black listen to the lyrics and feel as though the song was anointed by our ancestors?
Is that pre-split Kinred?
A Shuriman, Noxian, Ascemdant and Piltover. Theres so much lore in this video... I need someone to explain this to me. Thanks Riot and the question is.... WHEN THE MMO?
who is she?
Is she noxian?
I don't know if someone commented on this already, but is she pregnant?! Btw love this song, gives me so much Arcane vibes! I am ready!!
BTS collaboration with LoL ?! oh.. wait...
is that a Salvador Dali reference??
Is that supposed to be Ambessa Medarda ? Video clip much better than world 2024 btw
Is she Kindred ?
This is the lady Jinx just pissed off?
Mephisto, is it you?
I noticed that right after the fetus shot, the scene where ambessa wakes up the soil around her is glowing red that slowly fades away. ambessa get rid of the arrow in her stomach. It looks like the soil around her has a mark of the "Lambs respite" the kindred's ult ingame? Im sure that getting hit an arrow and and falling to the ground doesn't make that kind of mark.
Hold up, is that Kindred I'm seeing? Riot recognizing them more lately and I'm super here for it
wait was she pregnant?
Who is the child?
I can use the song on youtube ? ( copyright )
What if the magic of Mel, the fetus, saved Embessa there?
Very nice video. Where's Linkin Park?
Modern work of Salvador Dali? Anyone?
AND THE FACT THAT SHES PREGNANT DURING ALL OF THIS??????? HELLO?????
Is... is her armor mirroring the NOXIAN version of Kindred?! For an Arcane character pulled into the game that's a LOOOOOT of lore to dump onto her. And I'm here for it
is that a man or a women!??
did they gender bender leona? are we starting doihng that on league too?
where's cc ?
Why do Ambessa arms look funny though in armor? Like its proportions... They look so short :o
DEI team of Riot going wild on this one, does she identify herself as a SHE/HER or a THEY/THEM?
did nobody notice she is pregnant in the vid ??
I can’t be the only one who noticed the circle around Ambessa at the end of the video. Is that not reminiscent of Kindred Ult? Am I trippin?
Who is she??????????
she fought and lost, took a stone from kindred(?) and then became queen? thats the worst story of the game so far
Is this the mom from arcane?
real question: did ambessa force herself on the battlefield pregnant, or did noxus say "we don't care if you're pregnant, do it for noxus!" like cmon, no maternity leave for noxians?  (poor mel, even before leaving the womb she was destined to be teeter death's door... W A I T was Kindred's Wolf form coming for ambessa or mel?!)
The babies eyes glowed gold like the person in the trailer! I wonder if that's baby Mel or her brother?
Who are those weird looking blue people?
AYO IS THIS A BTS REFERENCE???? BC YK EHE BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS? HAHA JK PLS GUYS DONT TAKE IT SERIUSLY
Is it just me who has noticed the EXTREMITY of hard push of black females across all media in recent years? It is insane! ... As if it is by mandated decree of some higher power. Something tells me Ecko will barely show up in sn2 of Arcane.
So i am guessing she is like female Black Panther but a wolf??
Why does every cinematic kindred appearance hit so hardddd
This woman went to war THAT pregnant?!
And now riot metaphors human sacrifice too??? Stop playing this trash game, guys.
Is this even league?
WAIT is she in france ? like the cliff of Etreta ?
1:52 That's like the eternal question of who comes first, the egg or the chicken, but here it would be who comes first, the song or the video?
2:45 so thats how noxians see kindred?
is it me or is the mountains in the ending the same mountains in the beginning of RISE?
So, this is real Worlds song?
Damm, are those dancers, drummers and choir from Xerath's music company?
where is jimin?
Couldn't have done this for Faker?
WHY ON THE EARTH DID YOU GUYZ JUST GRINDED 2024 WORLDS THEME, THOUGH U CAN MAKE THIS QUALITY
did you copy BTS' song tilte???
New champ? 5 passives? 40 dashes?
Jayce unborn child?
Did the song is out on the streaming's platforms ? Like Spotify ?
Am I only one who actually doesn't get it? Musick is cool but have nothing with video in this clip.
So where is her mask in game, Riot?
3:42 is that Wolf walking away?
I love watching these so much because they are always amazing! ...however I have no context. I understand some just from obvious symbolism but I don't know the characters or what's *really* going on....can someone give it to me in a nutshell?
I couldnt understand anything, can anyone explain anything?
3:11 waiiit,is that bork?
Is Ambessa pregnant with Kino or Mel?
so the wolf gave her delusions then pulled the arrow then stood up?
Is nobody gonna mention the nice video duration
3:26 is that my 🥷 SWAIN?!?!
what is this
So is this the Worlds MV?
Another fire song? Lets find out   Say what you want about Riot The cinematics and music they release for league is almost alwats top tier quality
How many times have you watched this???  Me: Yes
IS SHE PREGNANT
Kindred appearence Arcane S2?
Why dont have singers solo scene here and there?
Where are the band members?  Can’t wait to see them in mv.
Trading the baby for her life? Accepting the offer from Kindred? Just a blast of a song as well? Gj riot I pardon you the kicking from ranked bc of vanguard this afternoon. No reports from me this time. Just a hypothesis but the characters in te video marked with red may have had some sort of pffer frome Kindred as well to avoid death.
So does this mean Ambessa becomes the aspect of Kindred the same way Leona and Diana are the aspects of the Moon and the Sun?
That is the original Pantheon? He use his left hand on spear too
Huh so you can actually make good animation and good music huh?
no shot it's the new arcane opening right?
Was she pregnant with her son or with her daughter?
Ambessa actually have a really great backstory , Riot Iconic Lore Vintage are back ?
Where is the new heavy is the crown mv?
Is that Kindred wolf 🤔
Ambessa is real fine but omg? am i the only one who didn’t know Sheryl Lee Ralph had PIPES
Wait was this a trip near dead or a story? 😅
cool and all but why she pregnant and fighting in the ionian campaign ?
At 3:58 why is she in France, normandy ?
Wtf did I just watch?
Is that Pantheon before he split from the aspect? That’s what makes the most sense to me, Mbessa was fighting War itself
What was that, Pantheon, Kindred, Swain, Katarina, and potentially Lissandra?
Did I see Katarina swain and pantheon in the background at 3:25?
is the 2024 worlds theme song for T1 out yet?
Can we add Christian Champion to play with we got panthoen a spartan a pirate a monk
quick question: in Arcane ep. 8, Ambessa mentions her father bringing her to the battle of hildenaard (i forgor the exact name), giving her a coin for every blade she retrieved from the fallen. is it just me or was Ambessa heavily implied to be raised as actual royalty? bc that seems to contradict my understanding of this music video, which shows Ambessa as being something of a self-made woman (the description says, "this is how a wolf takes the throne", implying she didn't have it originally?) idk what this means. also, fetus mel also features a similar shot to that of the last shot from s1, that being, part of mel starts glowing, then a quick zoom out toward some important action. is mel some kind of god?
where this legengs? I need this legends
anyone else thought ekko turned trans? i was so confused
Did the wolf impregnate her or she's already and the Life and Death spare her life for the life inside?
Those cultists look very Targonian, like the celestial beings... I wonder if Ambessa ever tried to climb Targon? We know Demacians have but not Noxians... Swain goes to Ionia for power Ambessa goes West to Targon
Kindred, Solari rakkor warriors, Xerath followers? Baby Mel showing magic powers?
What is happening with riot, did they stop release hits and just becamse ordinary music releaser
Since this is a 4 minute long video, does it mean that necrit will make a 40 minute long one?
Nah did they really just drop this BANGER out of nowhere???
Can someone please explain to me wtf the story is?????
wait what; She's pregnant in a battlefield, and got an arrow in her stomach?
Did the baby bring her back to life?
why is the music so bad :( what happened riot
This isn't gonna be the third song at worlds finals opening ceremony, is it..? Please.
Is it too late to not include this character in the game? This is just so divorced from League of Legends at this point that it's tragic.
So Ambessa trained under Pantheon?
Is that Mercedes Pantheon?
Ambessa, Pantheon, Swain, Kindred and... Katarina ?
Wtf is this?
is she pregante?
Was this league or wow trailer? Or every other game coming out it. So lame
aam Is it just me or is she pregnant and seems to be losing the baby?
Riot is back ?
Will this song also be banned from the Worlds live stream too? 😂
can you pls make it only the audio for be able to hear it without ambessa screams and all this? xd
Was this pretty much an Ambessa origin story? (only thing I know lore wise about League of Legends is what was shown in Arcane btw)
Kindred blessed/saved her and she survived because she was pregnant with Mel? Mel inherited her powers? (Thus, the glowing gold ornaments on her body when Jinx’s rocket was about to collide?)
Ambessa origin story?
mmmmm Randy Acosta?
So is this Ambessa?
Pantheon tested her and let her live?
A new champ, with a skinline made for them? Without being shoehorned into something that doesnt fit her. Wtf is happening at riot HQ?
Bro what just happened is that embesa? who what huh
wtf? now they completely change the champion now?
at 2:29 who are the champs behind him? swain and ???( is it kat?)
Never have I watched a LoL music video and wondered so strongly, "wtf is going on?"
Okay, but that was a baby with golden eyes @3:39 Is that meant to be Mel? (I'm bias, Mel was my fave, but I'm hoping this is a hint that she's alive and her mom has a super special connection to her that is still gonna be important in both their stories) Maybe golden eyes is a sign golden magic (like maybe that was gold magic lighting up right at the end of last season)
is Mel's Mom?
Okay but, who is she why do we care about her? Its a bit tilting to get that much attention from riot team as somewhat side character of an animation show.
What is going on?
guys, has anyone seen Necrit around here ?
so does it means Mel Medarda (the baby in her belly) has some kind of powers, and therefore, saves everyone after jinx's rocket hit the window ?
If Ambessa, Pantheon, Swain and Katarina all are there because once they resisted the death, isn't Tryndamere should be there too? And it will be 5 people on the screen, not a empty place besides of Katarina.
why women as a warrior ?
can yall animate frame lock for us pls
So, conan the barbarian... but female?
3:57 why she is pregnant from Viego? Wasn't he mourning his wife?
song is ok if you like this styl of music, is it soul or jazz there are using here?
3:37 IS MEL ALIVE BECAUSE SHE WAS PRT OF AMBESSA WHEN AMBESSA GOT GODLY POWERS?!  (Don’t spoil S2!)
i liked it well done to everybody who did this the artists the visual team everybody, but why no subtitle's ?  her pronunciation is kinda rough like a axe it still cuts its still is an axe but its kinda roughed up (i am not saying the voice actor is bad i am not saying that she should have perfect english pronunciation's of everysingle word she is a battle roughned worrior ofc she has a way of pronunciation that reflects its character and stuff.  still, i did not understood some of the words while i was listening)
how does someone goes to war PREGNANT??????
Is she trained by Pantheon? That be insane
Can you take few bucks from movie department and send to ingame animation? Poor guys have to recycle  shyvanna  in order to f eed their kids.
What does Kindred, Pantheon, Katarina and Swain have to do with Ambessa? Isn't she from Shurima like Samira, Sivir and Azir, etc are?
When she met kindred, I wonder if the lamb aspect took her child that was pierced by the arrow, or if she offered it when she saw wolf coming for her.
I forget her name, but I wonder if the woman in the video is the Noxian chieftain whose daughter is one of the councilors of Piltover in Arcane?
isn't it the cliffs of Etretat at the end ???
maybe Kindred let Ambessa come back to life because she knows the role that her and Mel will play?
Lol are they at Cabo San Lucas at the end there???
Wtf was all that? Was I supposed to understand any of it?
why is she black?
so mel is magically powered?
Wait so Ambessa is an aspect as well?
Follower of the wolf? Why did that look like a version of kindred?
Why is a pegnent woman fighting..
So, is that Mel or is it another child that Ambessa loses? Because it almost looks like Kindred in there for the child and not for her.
How can I "like" this video again!?
Where is KD/A??
Hmmm... where all this strong woman that can beat a man irl? Oh! I know a couple Lín Yùtíng and Iman Heliph XD
Wait, am I getting this right? She was pregnant AND at a battlefield? Crazy irresponsible lol
We haven't had a champion music video since like.. JINX?
Is this younger Ambessa or another champ?
Am I the only one just watching the video and not listening to the music?
how did you manage to make it worse than ignite?
Did she got impregnated by a wolf?
please don’t tell me i’m the only one that thinks ambessa looks pregnant on the battle field?
How to stop listening this gold?
What is going on here!!! Is this the backstory of Bessy???
what is this?
the thing playing the drums looks like a cool champion, who s that? lol
why they gtta make me feel for ambessa
Blood Sweat? Is that just bleeding?
How many black ugly woman we have to see in games?
Are we at 300 years yet?
Was the baby in her belly who had the golden eyes Nel? That would explain why her back glowed gold in Arcane right before the missle hit. There's so much to unpack in this video.
Is she  pregnant?????!!!!!!!
Wait, is that a Noxian version of how they see Lamb (Kindred)?
Does anyone else keep hearing Awaken from Season 9 when they listen to this song?
New champion or what? Where is Connection with lol?
Are we getting pantheon lore updates? He's the only non Noxian between Kata,Swain and her
Is she an Ionian who somehow got folded into the Noxus empire? Noxians don't care where you're from as long as you prove your worth. This could be the explanation for why she uses energy as a resource.
why is Swain just chillin in the afterlife?
Yalll… was that Katarina on the right @ 2:33 ??? Or am I tripping ?
How is anything connected to league of legends about this xD
Is that the new hero?
are those going to be new champs?
What does this have to do with Xerath? Those are definitely Xerath cultists shown
guys are commas off-meta now?
a woman and black...is she straight at least?
I didn't understand sh.. what was that all about?
Where's the singer in MV?
Is it on spotify?
She got a second chance to live then decided to kill herself by removing the arrow and bleeding out. Why does this happen so often in media? I thought it was common knowledge at this point to NOT REMOVE THE OBJECT FROM THE STAB WOUND.
Am I crazy or were there physics? 1:58
why is she a black person
Ambessa holding baby goat.. Faker mom confirmed??
Another strong and independent black LGBT woman? Not interested
What if that little stone she took was  shared of pantheon the aspect not the man
is that fetus Mel or her brother?
hey necrit, i know your looking at the comments. so that fetus, is that mel who may or may not have been empowered by kindred? just a possibility of what called her back from serving was being pregnant? and mel being infused... it could lead to implications for arcane 2 too.
Where is Necrit to explain this to me?
So Katarina, Ambessa, Pantheon, Kindred and who was the other one? Swain?
Riot can you stop deliver all the acustic kids in my team in every ranked game? Thanks!
Why is riot spamming black champs? lol they are woke af
Not in Spotify ?
Is riot allergic to music that isnt imagine dragon clones?
when is Fortiche replacing production for every piece of League media?
0:23 she's pregnant here??
Is Mount Targon the next region after Arcane?
What did she grab to get that Shurima powers?
the point of this video?
Who's excited to see Ambessa get a launch legendary and Kindred get none for the last 8 years?
necrit where are you??
TRUE DAMAGE COMEBACK WHEN??
When will it be released on Spotify?
will we see the three leader of noxus? (Swain, Darius and LB)
the art style and direction on these has gone backwards from a few years ago, you guys had this stuff perfected what happened?
is this what acid feels like?
I wonder how many people who worked on this were laid off before it even released?
What engine dose riot use for there animations?
Is this before or after Singed Nuked Ionia.
why this magic lady remind me of mel in arcane ? 2:43
3:38 she was pregnant ?
Katarina and Swain in the back ?
Wait a second, did wolf impregnate her with a demon baby at 3:38 ?
is it just me or did Ambessa dash 655217862138 times in that MV?
Mmm I’m confuse clear the arrow that she was hit are noxiang. I thought it was something like shurima vs no ya. But then when she stood up. Her clothes are noxian too. WTF the background that happen there?
Black female human fighting toe to toe against Pantheon? Did she win? Unclear. When she wakes up, she got the courage to remove the arrow. Kindred gave her strength? Unclear. She is so strong she stood up on her own. Riot rubs me way off in these undertones.
when is it coming out on spotify?
Anyone think this might be a slight backstory to Ambessa Medarda from arcane?
so basically arcana but an extra steps?
Are all black champions gonna be broken?
is this talk about ambessa ?
wait, so Ambessa isn't born Noxian??? She's Shuriman???
is that shot at the end a fetus? was she pregnant with mel or what?
who is she ?
What is this ksi typa music
I love the lore. I am wondering why is she pregnant in the battle? That makes no sense unless it is some kind of ambush or unexpected fight.
3:29 I can see Pantheon, Swain and Katarina  am i right ?
Wait? Is this sang by the Elder Teacher, Barbara Howard, from Abbot Elementary?
Soo like, what happens in the video? Like i play from 2009 and see only black woman being abused then being super stronk ... wat? Only familiar face is Kindred if you can call it a face
collab with BTS? 🤨🧐🤣
wait is that a kindred??
Kindred?? I cant believe it!
Best new character trailer?
what ascendant does she become?
How generic do you want it to be? Yes
what is going on people ? why first charakter woman caracteristic and man chest what is this why explain ?
Hold up is she pregnant?
No one seeing the kindred tie in?
I wonder. Is the baby mel? If it is, then her eyes opening to be gold might be that both ambessa and mel received the kindreds blessing.
Why is the logo red?
Is this song on spotify
Why can't Faker's videos be made with this level of quality?
Why was this so much better than the worlds 2024 song?
wait what? was she trained by shurima ascended o.O non of these can dash as much as she can now
in 3:37, we see a baby, it's possible that this baby was the reason why she wake up? like, it's possible that she was pregnant in that moment? we don't know this exactly, but seeing that she wakes up from "Death" after seeing a baby, it's possible that this is why she values her family so much in her voicelines
Why do we have Etretat's cliff in background at the end ?
viola davis is that you? the woman king from LoL
YOU GUYS GOT SHERYL LEE RALPH? I LOVE HER SM
Is she PREGNANT?
Wait this was a pregnant chick at the start?! I thought it was a guy…
The place looks familiar is this the battle zone south part of demacia?
Riot games?.....you mean " Riot Music "
So what is this?
why you can't make Worlds MV like this???
who is she?
I wonder if they're showing kindred so much cause they're gonna kill an unexpected character in arcane and show kindred taking his/her life
So i'm guessing this is ambessa origin? Also she in battle while carrying mel?
Wolf spared Ambesas life bcs Mell wasn't suppose to die?
3:38 and 4:00 i might be crazy but WAS SHE PREGNANT?
Question: we see pantheon training her and kindred gives her whatever that crystal thing is but who is the third one at the back? Based on the hand I think it’s swain?
Is this Ambessas background Story?
Not on spotify?
Who is she? New champ?
Wait so... does young Ambessa have a Shurima connection? And was that an incarnation of Pantheon?
anyone noticed that she is pregnant ??? or it is just I have hallucinations
Riot, what happened this year? You got everything right with the songs
Is that girl Ambessa?
WHAT is this masterpiece????
why she has visions of targon and I guess its solari (gold armor, red cloth, Rising Sun "plumage" on the helmets)? Noxus had was with targon? And I guess this pantheon looking guy is previous Pantheon, before Atreus, or when Atreus body was taken control by Pantheon? Pantheon as a celestial being is Solari in origin?? yes his helmet has fire and some effects has fire, but as he has blue clothes in LoL as Atreus I thought he is not solari, thats pretty cool if it is. And maybe when pantheon took hold of Atreus body he beaten up noxians? pretty cool, wanna hear voice-lines of ambessa vs panth more. Also this could be in her head, she sees panth as a Solari-great warrior and a teacher that put her on the way of never giving up. who knows? but its pretty cool. more lore more lore.
What is this? 🥹😮‍💨😪
Who is she ? Ambesa medarda?
Is the Noxian version of Kindred just 2 wolves or just Wolf without Lamb?
why does it look more Solari than Noxian im so confused
wait.. is she pregnant at the beginning?
I didn't understand, what happened to the baby?
So if Ambessa is pregnant does that mean the baby is Mel, or has she had other children ?
Wait... is that the Noxian version of Kindred???
Is that ambessa singing?  We're cooked.
So this is Kindred background story, kind of ? o_0... I were wondering which champ that is...
WAIT WAIT WAAAAAAAAAIT! DID THE WOLF JUST SHOW MERCY????
What I'm wondering if this Ambessa is from the original timeline or the Arcane universe.
Waiiit.. so is it just me, or does this look almost exactly like that one Episode from Love Death and Robots?🤔😂  No shade tho, this is awesome💯
Wow. We got cutscene creep now? She gets a whole cinematic?
I dont know what's going on. Is she the girl from tales of runeterra Noxus, is that Xerath's minions (the blue humanoids), is that a solarian warriors? 😂
Is that a deal with Kindred
So, the Kindred spare her life and make her some kind of wolf herald or familiar?
Is this a young Ambessa?
How many times did you rewatch this?
Does this mean that Swain will potentially show up in Season 2 of Arcane?
Is Kino Ambessa's dead son?
is that young ambessa ?
Are they drawing parallels with the lamb/wolf and Ambessa/Mel? That could be really interesting.
She was pregnant and the Sheep asked the Wolf to spare her?
Kinda confused need necrit to explain the interplay between kindred and pantheon? But loved this video XD
Is this the story of God himself, Kratos? I see similarities
This is like the Tryndamere scene in the "Still Here" music video expanded. I haven't played in a while, is this teasing more Kindred lore?
does anyone know if the singer here is the voice actress of ambessa too?
How much are you going to show Kindred in cinematics? Riot: yes......
Is it just me, or did you all not understand it either?
In 2:27 thats Katarina on the background?!
let me guess, pantheon is going to be legendary? since in the video he can open and close his shield?
How many times did you rewatch this?   Me:Yes
So did Ambessa make a deal with Wolf/Lamb to sacrifice her children so that she can grow more powerful?
I understand nothing, where is the Necrit video ?
Did they just drop this in the middle of a Worlds match lol
OMG how many layoff did it take to make this?
Maybe its me or are they Trying to wake Iron Solari skinline? (forgot that RiotParrot guy).
WAS THAT ARCANE STYLE LAMB?
Can someone explain the desert part?
Should feel sympathy or what? Riot becoming disney when everyone need tragic backstory
3:41 is that Wolf leaving because Ambessa is still alive or revived by Lamb? Cause if yes, that's a sick detail for me.
is ambessa letting go of the lamb supposed to represent her abandoning mel to become the ruthless leader she needs to be?
So who is Mels father?
Is this the new champion when she was young?!?
Where is Sheryl Lee Ralph's name in the title?
Is there Swain and Katarina at the end????
Am I tripping or is she pregnant?
Is the last shot a reference to Eugen Bracht's "The Shore of Oblivion"?
Whats is Ambessa gym program? the gains are real
leaked to early??
wait could that kindred be the noxian interpretation of them?
Are these blue guys Xerath's acolytes?
is the wolf impregnate ambessa???
Bro who is that woman in the video?She reminds me of someone but I can't get my head around who she is
Quick question: Was this song written by the _same_ Rose Betts that wrote Driving Myself Home? If yes, that's a crazy range.
The song is over,  why do i still have goosebumps over my entire body?!
My media literacy needs work.  I'm so confused.  The beginning and end I get.  Was she Shuriman originally?  Who or what are all those freaky masked warriors?  The war drummer on stilts?  The crystal figures?  What's with the mechanical lamb?  Is it all a flashback of a... training montage?  Origin story?  Or is it symbolic like As We Fall?  Or a little of both?  I'm going to have to re-watch this a few times to try and figure this out.
Was that like, pre-fighting-Aatrox Pantheon?? Is Ambessa a freaking Aspect?? ARE WE GETTING ASPECTS IN ARCANE?????!!!! Dude my hype levels just soared like 1000%
Is she pregnant with her son at this point? Or was that mel?
Is that the war mommy from arcane or is it her people?
Made by Fortiche?
Is that a kindred legendary? 😍
So is Ambessa Noxian, by way of Shurima…or Targon?
The scenes of young Ambessa in the battlefield feels like scenes that could appear in Arcane 2 Does that mean... possible Kindred cameo in Arcane??
2:33 are those 2 in the back swain and katarina?!
is this the origin of Ambessa's daughter, Mel, Tatoos came from? 2nd chance revival? blessing from Kindred?
Is that KSI at 1:20?
This is ritual ????? 😅
What is this chicken 😭😭😭
Kindred in arcane 2????
new game mode trailer? looks good.
I could be reading into it and I don't even know how this would make sense but does anyone else get Trans flag vibes from the color of the face paint in 3:06 and 3:14???
I assume they are not hiring complete clowns to make these videos, so why are the game devs so insanely incompetent?
Wait did she just fighted with the aspect of war?? MY BOI PANTHEON?
Where is the Ivern lore though 😢
So does the lamb she carries in her arms represent the life she carries in her belly ?
She went into battle while pregnant? Kinda insanely irresponsible, but ok.
New jg champion?
No idea what i just watched, are those League characters?
So... Kidred revived Ambessa and now Mel has some kind of magic with her? Riot gameeeeeeeeees stop coooking
IS THIS PANTHEON ???
Why everyone keep saying "Kindred" and Swain? They didn't appear anywhere in the video, saying the wolf "Kindred" is kinda a reach don't you think?
3:02 I'm confused, this is a Wakanda Forever champ?
2:33 Swain, Katarina, and Pantheon?? Is this like a vision on her future...? or past? Overall I get strong Shurima / Targon / Noxus vibes
Is that Pantheon????????
Ambessa was trained by the Shuriman Ascended that's corrupted by Naafiri?
Is that Panth, Swain, Ambessa and who's the other one? Kata?
3:38 Is that Mel... Inside Ambessa's womb??
why did I think BTS and Riot somehow made a collab😭
So is this ambbesa ?
So skinline ambessa pantheon katarina and swain?, the music goes so hard tho
Necrit where are you?
Is this arcane? Too black and disappointing
Is that a new skinline i see?
3:40 Wait, did Kindred ulted Ambessa and ..... her unborn child? Holy....  (For non League viewers : Kindred Ult marks out a zone that prevents death for allies and enemies within it & heals 300 HP to all within when duration ends)
When new Pentakill album?
wait what is this?