Why isn’t the Tardis blue?
Was there anyone that didn't experience an audio dropout when they were crawling around on the pirate ship? Fortunately it was not plot-critical.
Just watch this Question: Surely the people on earth know of the doctor even if unit keeps it shush there would be whispers how is it not common knowledge ?
The doctor wears a skirt while dancing?
I love the trailer, I love the vibe, I love the look. But do we HAVE to put gayness/sexuality in EVERYTHING these days? Why???.....
Why should fans care about this doctor when David Tennant Doctor is alive? I rather see more of the tenant now than this Doctor.
I wonder why 99% of comments are from bots.
I was just wondering if... Now that there are two extant Doctors and two extant TARDIS', does this now open the possibility of 14 somehow, in the future, becoming the 'Renegade' Doctor, who has to bury their TARDIS? Not a rabbit hole I really want to go down, but the duplicate TARDIS would explain the appearance of the buried one.
Lol he’s wearing a scottish kilt at a nightclub?
I'm assuming that these goblins are related to folklore rather than being aliens?
Am i the only one who thinks that these 3 special episodes with David Tennant were too soft? Personally i feel like the show has lost the drama and the sorrow that it used to give. I am not a sad person, i like happy endings but not too happy. Anyway i hope it gets better again.
Is it also coming to Disney +? I can't wait to see more of our new Doctor. 😊
So Dr. Who no longer has a UK accent of any kind?   Can't wait for the Southern American Dr. Who, ya'll.    It is fun watching you run your show into the ground with the same ruthless efficiency that a hyena strips a dead animal of its skin and bones.
Ok but why he dancing in a dress?
What is this woke slop?
Pirate goblins in a christmas special?
Why do people not understand that the Bi-Rigeneration thing was due to the myth/reality fact? Something happened to reality due to what happened on Wild Blue Yonder to reality itself. That's why he bigenerated.
Why is dr who so goofy and cringy these days damn
Why is he SO. HOT.
"Who are you?" Lady, he's still figuring that out! LOL
I don’t know!  Ncuti looks good, excitement for the show!  But,  they have to fix the two doctors problem!  Is David gone???  Or??? What????  Have the younger doctor save the older one, but does it regenerate into Matt??????!?!??????!!!!!?!)??!?!?!?!
Sooo the 14th is gonna be more like a action doctor?
Doctor Woke? Is this a ripoff of Doctor Who?
Is it just me, or is Gatwa sexy as hell?  I'm starting to question my sexuality over here.
... someone tell me what the hell is going on here?
Why is he at a dance club? That doesn’t make sense
Sure this isn't a new season of "Sex Education"? The characters seem the same.
So he can split off wearing a shirt, shoes, and a tie, but somehow pants aren't included?  🤔
hawld on sonic REMOTE??????
So is it actually confirmed that Ncuti Gatwa's Doctor IS a clone of the original Doctor?  Or is Ncuto Gatwa a the original and the 14th Doctor sort of became his own clone?  Maybe this is something that will be addressed further in a later episode?  I love the idea regardless.  Do kinda hope the 15th is still the "Original" but rwgardless,  he seems like he's gonna be a kickass Doctor!
Fifteen dancing in a kilt in a night club? So is he going to reference Jamie McCimmeron in the Christmas special then for that specific scene?
If he split off of Tennant’s Doctor, and Tennant’s Doctor is still around with his own TARDIS shouldn’t this really be Doctor Two?
New​ sonic​ screwdriver? New​ shape?
is this the youngest doctor actor so far?
Who is writing for him?  This will determine how good this is
new doctor is a gay?
So why we can’t see Ruby’s nails?? Are they pink…??🤔🤔
Does anyone just want for ONCE the doctor to just have a Male Companion instead of a parade of Women?!
Why was this not addressed? And why do I feel like it's never going to be?
Was that Remote control thing I glimpsed the new sonic?
0:23 Is that a new sonic screwdriver?
Who are you? ( A crazy alien with two hearts and a blue box, that travels through time and space.) 😎❤️
Did the Tardis have a baby?  A clone? Or??????
Was this man in a skirt or a kilt? like, bruhh
Okay totally not British so I have to ask, is his accent different? It almost seems like it's only half British.
I do have one question due to the nature of Bi-Generation. Is Nchuti still considered the 15th doctor or is he also considered 14 at the same time of David?
Um, what’s up with the new sonic design? Looks like a high tech Logitech. Can’t wait for Ncutis Run though,
Ok, it's probably the first time in a long time that I've actually blown a few fuses myself 🤯. This is a Toymaker story, so only "play logic" applies.  PROS: ✅ Amazing acting by David, Catherine and Neil. I was on the edge of my seat with them ✅ Creepy vibes on point ✅ Mel's back! (AND not just an ordinary cameo!) ✅ Nice throwbacks to the Trilogic game played between the First Doctor and the Toymaker himself ✅ The Toymaker feels different but some old elements are still present (not sure why he became obsessed with that german toymaker trope though) ✅ Ncuti made an appearance in what is perhaps the strangest regeneration ever and he dominated the scenes like a veteran. ✅ We got an inkling at what the Curator could be. Or are they not the same? Either way, I felt it to be a nice tribute to the 50th. ✅ The 14th Doctor had the emotional bittersweet sendoff only Doctor Who can make. This goodbye broke my heart in several different ways.  ODDS: ❔I found it funny when Donna smashed the doll so carefully. Felt like the production team was scared about the prop. An odd but funny moment. ❔What is bi-regeneration? The strangeness of the concept is interesting, but the explanation is kind of lost in the ether.  CONS: ❌ The episode does a lot of stretches: The 14th Doctor deduced the origin of the problem (screens) without any prior context. And the 15th Doctor made an assumption no-one would make because the Toymaker was boxed and then he proceeded to use... a mallet? Why? Imagination? ❌ What does bi-regeneration mean for the Doctor/Doctors? Is it a myth created within the Toymaker's rules or a real Time Lord thing? And now we have a 14th Doctor that we don't regularly follow along (or will we)? Feels odd in comparison to stuff like the War Doctor...   ❌ Are all Doctors regenerating with additional sets of clothes now? Doctor Who or Doctor Zygon? ❌ The specials are over and yet, there's a big unexplored void in regards to the legacy of the show.
HANG ON.  New Sonic? I though he'd inherit the 14th Sonic, but this one seems....flat?
Matt Smith vibes anyone? 😂
I wonder if Davids doctor will show up in 2-3 episodes to help the doctor
but but but i want know what is happening with 14th doctor he cant disappear?
Is it weird that I’m more excited for this then I was for the 60th?
WHAT is that???!! a sonic remote? I need this episode now! Ruby and Doc look so fun together!
the point is 14th doctor still capable to regenerate or both the doctor are linked somehow?  Not gonna lie this bi-generation lost me
Wait the next episode isn’t till Christmas!?
This looks so good?!  It's giving Freddie Mercury vibes.
Whens the episode releasing?
Loved the episode- the build-up and fear factor. However, may just be me but was I the only one disappointed with the ending? and how rushed it felt at the end? I’m still unsure about how I feel about the bi-regeneration and how easily the Toymaker was defeated. Neil Patrick-Harris, murdered the role and was born for it though.
This is going on Disney+ too, right?
I wonder if 14 will guess appear
"Who are you?" "That sounds about right!"
Is his sonic going to be a futuristic remote control?
It was definitely an end of an era and a homage to past who!    All the mentions of past companions etc. 2 questions,what happened to the tooth and who picked it up?? 🤔🤔. Will watch the new episode to see if this long term fan will stick with it 🤞🤞
I’m mixed on the bi-generation thing but it’s a cool idea I guess knowing that 14ths journey isn’t over yet and 15ths is just beginning, begs the question however is how is the 14th supposed to regenerate? I mean the 15th Doctor already exists… oh well a question for another time
So question is, who took the hood tooth? my money is on The Rani
Loved it and I love Ncuti, anyone else find it weird that NO ONE called him out for not putting trousers on? Edit; Yes I KNOW they split clothes (meaning 14 was freeballing the entire time), I’m more shocked that no one even mentioned it. I mean… damn those legs~
Will we get occasional appearences of tennant? 😭😭
So many unanswered questions I have 😭 is David tennant still “A” time lord like can he regenerate still????, do we get a spin of for him ????? What’s next !!???????
0:24 Is That A New Sonic Screwdriver Or Not?
Is thay a new sonic screwdriver!? Because please take my money
How is this not a remake of legends of sea devils. Hahahaha dancing doctor
Really, the doctor clubbing like that?
Okay but why could the wheelchair girl walk?  Edit : thank you guys for the clarity