Legit wondering, can DOT (Damage Over Time) give Feixiao her Flying Aureus?
Legit wondering, can DOT (Damage Over Time) give Feixiao her Flying Aureus?
Does anybody know why we fight or her shadow was it?
5:56 HEY CHAT IS THIS REAL?
Why is that owl there? His voice is soo ugh… please stop him. It’s soo cringe
6 character banners in total?? time to start looking for a sugar daddy
Wait, he said up to twelve points? Did they give feixiao her 12 stack ult back?
So... no 10 pulls anymore?
ALL THESE RERUNS IN ONE PATCH?
really?? TOPAZ again?? Acheron would be good
How about march 7 missing 3 edilions? 😢😢😢
Really? 3 Characters I want ALL AT ONCE?
seele and silverwolf are limited charactheres? they never rerun 😢
Topaz is getting another re-run, didn’t she just have one in 2.2???
Only 1000 free jades?  C'mon now don't be stingy with them, make it at least 1600 for 10 pulls.
We just skipping 2 rerun and going straight to 3?
Wait, if moze is coming in phase 1, then why is his signature weapon arriving in phase 2? That's so weird... unless I'm missing something?
6 CHARACTES IN 1 VERSION?!? R.I.P ME AND MY JADES
Why so many banners 😭
Where's Dr. Ratio?? They JUST had Robin & Topaz like 2 patches ago?
robin literally just had her banner and 2 others just had thier rerun banner so they are having thier 2nd rerun banner within a few months? like wtf is this? who lost thier brain cells thinking these banners should be next?
Why is Robin coming so soon..and not acheron z or aventurine..?🌚
Where is other characters 2.6???  Game is going abandoned???
And topaz rerun again WTH man? Why
51:41 playable Owlbert when?
Still no aventurine? Ya that's a skip
Apart from planar organments and ascension materials which relics and trace materials we should grind?
6:51 LUKA WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE?
Topaz is already getting a rerun? This soon?
3 popular 5 stars on one banner… did Hoyo get robbed or something? They don’t need that money, greedy as hell
Honestly. Why did it yave to be all High value Reruns?
SKILL ISSUE MODE?!
What are those banners...
Could be a Foxian or a Pepeshi or something surprising like if Herta's real body looks like this if she is a liar about her puppet designs.