King vs minion which is better?
Have you been looking for this demon-faced creature for a long time?
GUYS, SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHY I CAN'T USE MINION PRINCE FOR ATTACKING EVEN AFTER THE SWAP?
If I'm using minion prince on defence... Who should I swap him with? King, warden, queen or rc? And why
I’m TH14 it’s 12million elixir to upgrade hero hall level 8 what will it even do?
How to boost hero regeneration time??
Hav a question wt will happen if we upgrade hero hall?
Did anyone notice since the update the training potion doesn’t speed up hero healing like it should
Why are the heroes not included in training boost or training spell? How can i boost them?
I'm TH16 and the tutorial provided me with Hero Hall level 9, I was able to upgrade to TH17 without upgrading my Hero Hall to level 10. So why is that? And my Minion prince is level 60. It didn't start at level 70
I know it's too early but who do you all think will be the next hero? Its a princess right?
Why like 3 days ago when I was doing hero upgrades it only costing me like 80-90k in dark elixir with a 2 day wait period (with battle pass) now it like 2x that for resources and time on the upgrade
Guys how do I boost my heroes regeneration? Ever since the update I havent seen how to do it
Why does the training spell no longer speed up the hero recovery. Is that a bug?
Why almost No one talking this new BUG???    Some of the heroes are taking much longer heal after each multi battle, and training potion doesn’t work on them!
Archer Queen at town hall 8? 😳 This feels so wrong. 🫢
Can someone please tell me why my training potions no longer work on my hero’s ?
I am a returning player at th12 and my king is level 69 (max is supposed to be 65) and I somehow have minion prince level 40 and RC unlocked?!?!?
So why can't i take all heroes into battle again?
what is the max level of minion prince at TH 13?
Why does the minion prince look so ugly tho
How do we use the book of hero’s
Is this update available now?
Do you guys like the minion hero or should they have used a different troop to make a hero?
Is it me or do others also think like he looks like satan
2:28 the queen is unlocked at th8 now? Damn.
Its area damage in tiles is 5 in game. Did they nerf it?
Training potions aren't boosting Hero Regen anymore! What's your thought on this?
Just another building to upgrade before we can even start upgrading heroes? Man i hate changes that make tedious things even more tedious
What is your Creator Code?
The new hero flags no longer show hero's health timer on how long you have to wait till they are ready again. They also don't seem to heal faster with Training Potions now... bug?
May be wrong but didnt the warden statue give buildings in its radius more life but never did it make a air def take more lightings
Gonna make new layouts because of the new buildings?
i wonder how many mo th can they add until it become absurd
My king is 55 and my queen is 62, but my prince is only 30? I still appreciate it not being level 1, but what is max level for prince at TH12?
Is it just me or they just deleted my Christmas tree collection after this update😢
TROOP BOOST NO LONGER BOOSTS HERO RECOVERY TIME WHAT IS HAPPENING?!
What would be the max level for minion prince for th11
Why does new hero looks satanic
4:18 when placing hero hall always shutting down..why? just upgraded to town hall 14..when i ignore placing hero hall i got no heroes at all 😭
So with this extra hero, What would be the best heros to use for base defense?
How’s the minion price with ground attack?
Why th the training potion is not working on regeneration of the heroes??
Can you use a hero when it is upgrading now?
What will happen to Hero Hall if my BK is level 50 and I am in TH 16???
Anybody else having an issue upgrading to th17 using a hammer? Game crashes immediately every time i try.
Why i cant place my hero hall?
why i cant palaced on bass? It has automatic bavk problem. If i  take in base
9:16 could you send the link of this base?
here after the update. is anyone else having trouble placing the Hero Hall? When I try to place it down, it just crashes the game. I've tried this both on PC and on my mobile devices, and it crashes the game.  Side note: The Helper Hut has no problem being placed though.
When I place the hero hall it exit Automatically what should I do or is it a glitch😢
Did the update also double the price of every building? After I logged in it turns out to be a lot more expensive and the gold/elixir produced went from 100k to 30k per hour now😢
So we have to now upgrade a building first to upgrade our heroes?
Should i wait to open the game if i am upgrading the th from 11 to 12 to get higher lv of minion prince?
Still uses a builder eh..?feels more like time increased taking into consideration the building of the hero building?
When will th17 be released?
will the heroes be usable while upgrading once the update drops ?
When it is started?
When the update?
When is the release date for th17?
Does anyone know when the update comes out?
When does this update come out
Who else is watching it in shorts
When this update will happen?
when is TH17 becoming live?
When is this update coming
Why do i not have the update? When can i update it?
when is the next update?
can you make bases in that update? also attack strat.
When is the update?
Does anyone know when update goes live?
Why am I seeing minion prince getting nerfed in future😅😅
When is the update releasing?
When is the update coming..
I am at th 15 what level of new hero will i get???please reply
How did y’all update the game I’m not getting anything
When does this come out
When does this update become available
Not gonna lie, supercell must've been high , hero hall? Why are they making it more and more like dragon city, etc other games.😂😂
Why did they not combine the black smith with it?
Which apk mode is this?
Do you know that there is a minion prince hidden in the trees behind the super sauna
Whens the update coming out?
when will this update come out
How many times can we up hero? One or more as we like? Or up like pet?
Does this mean we will be getting an update for the best bases for every town hall?
will there be a possible video in the future that helps determine which heros to use on defense?
Whens this update comming out?
When is the update coming
does this mean no royal champion at th16?
Ok but when's the update ??
If im a th15 what level will the hero hall be when i log on?
Wait, that was the Private Investigator, who found the hammer jam, right? We recruited him as a hero!!?
So when this comes out we have to wait til our building finishes to use hero’s or the hall will be built automatically?
Worst townhall design, it doesn't even provide me feeling of townhall.  Hero Hall design is supercool  Why some  defences are looking dark? Minion prince doesn't look like hero but a villian more.
bro what is even going on, should I come back?
When is the update happening
When is the update dropping?
What will happen to book of hero or hammer of hero now??  Can we still use them
When is the update going to come our
So uhh when is this coming out???
Is this launching dec 1?
when does the update release??
When’s the update?
When is it coming ?
When is this update going live?
how do i uptadate the game?
Interesting. When does this come out?
Now we can level up one hero at the time?
When will it be release?
So does this mean i can't upgrade my heroes at TH17 until i upgrade my hero hall?
How come I don’t have the hero thing? I just turn level 11 a couple days ago and I can’t find it?
When you upgrade heros do they sleep?  In this update
When’s the new upgrade ?
When is this update coming out?
When wil it release ??
When this update comes out ?
Is the equipment going to be level 1 though?
Am I the only pne who sees how much the new Hero looks like Sully from Monsters Inc?
do my hero levels reset after the update
What happens to the hero level
Should I upgrade my TH to 16 to get the level 70 prince minion?
When do you expect the update to drop? I'm very curious!!
i have little baby heros, because im super rushed at th16, would the hero hall be level 10? giving me a level 70 minion guy? or would it be the th10 level like my current heros? therefor also giving me a much lower level minion guy?
if I hammer my TH from 14-15 right before the update drops, will it give me a higher level minion prince?
When does the update come out?
when is the update coming out
What date will this update be on?
What level will the minion prince start at for almost maxed th15?
When is the update coming out?
WHY THE NEW HERO IS LOOK LIKE DEMON? IT LOOKS NOT GOOD 😵‍💫😵‍💫
When we wil get this update?😢
when coming th17?
When does this update drop? End of season?
When is this update releasing?
Why on Earth is the Archer Queen at Town Hall 8 it doesn't make any sense at all Town Hall 8 is already very easy they're just making it boring
When is this update live?
When will this happen
Tomorow its the update?
Hi Judo, when is the update dropping? Today is 25th November(according to IST), end of hammer jam, so is that today or some later days?
Can we play with heroes that are upgrading?
Hmmm, so is it wise to rush to the next TH level so the minion prince will spawn at a higher maxed level?
When is update  like after town hall 16 challenge is over
You know what else is massive?
Wtf queen at th8?? 😂
When will this update come for the casual players?
Th14_15 witch lvl of new hero n if I rush new th will help to get tl 70 instately?
So are we getting townhall 17 tomorrow?
Hi Judo, Just a question, my highest hero level is a lv 60 king and I just upgraded to TH13 and have a lv3 RC. Will my minion prince be maxed for th11 or th12?
So im a new th14 and my heros are at the level of a max th13 should I upgrade 1 lvl of hero so I change category?
So if my archer queen is level 91, do I get a level 60 or 70 minion prince?
Do we get a place for all our decorations with TH17?
so archer queen got demoted to town hall 8?
judo, i need to know now, as a near max th14, should i be pushing for th15 before the update to save levels on my minion prince???
For Maxth players the Heroes Hall will be at lv10 automatically??
Can you upgrade multiple heroes at the same time?
5:30 wait... So for example, im at th13 but my current heroes are under that th lvl, barbking has the most - 64, so that means my hero hall lvl will be lower AND my heroes lvl will be lowered too?? (To level 50)
If the purpose of the herohall is to act like a laboratory to upgrade them why does it still need a builder when upgrading? It sucks that you cant upgrade multiple heros at the same time anymore
Is the update coming out when the last th16 event ends or we can't know yet?
Can you make a short video to sum up all new features with this update? And a little guide, what you should upgrade first etc.
What tf is this shoot😮😂
How many slots and heroes will I have at town hall 14?
Would it be possible to upgrade 2 heros at the same time with the new Hero Hall ?🤔
Is there a delay on the update?
Should I rush my base to th12 to get the higher minion prince hero levels?
Is anybody selling a coc account?
@When will town hall 17 come?
Can u oppgrade two heroes at the same time?
When will the update come? Been supporting you Judo recently. Keep it up❤
When is the update?
Does it still need builders to upgrade the hero’s then?
If I have heros going from th13 to th14 level when the update drops, which th level hero hall will I get?
So now would be a good time to ugprade town hall even if you arent fully completed? Since that would automatically give levels to the Minion Hero on the next town hall lvl?
If they made judo the new hero what would his abilities be? 😂
Release date when?
When does the update come out though
Anyone else thinking they'll do something like make everyone in universe miss the eagle and bring it back as a signature defense for TH18 or TH19?
Does the hero hall mean that only 1 hero can be upgraded at a once? If so that’s a bit annoying
Th 17 release date?
When is the update coming?
will the other heroes will upgrade to? or the minion only?
Archer queen is now unlockable at TH8 instead of TH9?? Man, I feel old now
When does the Update come out?
So once someone gets to th17 they then have to wait 15 days to start upgrading their heroes? That’s stupid
How is the hero hall helpful in the game?
What time is update
I'm an almost maxed town hall 12. Thanks to hammer jam, all I need to do is max out my warden, king, some walls, resources, and lab stuff. My queen is level 65, so does that mean I'll get the new hero at max level? Or will I be stuck here for longer?
Judo what is the zim-zalla-zetter ? Is that for decoration or else ??
Does that mean that you won’t be able to upgrade heroes when you upgrade your town hall? For example if you have lvl80 queen (14th max) and upgrade to th15 can I instantly upgrade my heroes or would I need to upgrade my hero hall first.
When is the TH 17 update
So I’m half way through TH 15.. what level will my minion prince be?
When is the update dropping as I haven’t received it yet
So i cant use my heroes until they're upgraded??? Never mind
When does the update drop
I'm new in th12. Should i upgrade to th13 to get higher minion prince level?
When will this update coming?
@JudoSloth  One question I have after seeing the warden move on defence is that will the headhunter target the warden now?
I’m at th12 right now so what level will the minion prince be at when this update releases?
Why is Henry Cavills face now on the grand warden? 😂 anytime I see him in the hero hall, that's what I see.
Does this mean i get the Minion Prince at th 12? And if so what level does he start at
Ok but did they fix the Queen’s face on the anime skin?
Do you have to have a builder available for the hero hall when u first place it?
Wait so if my heroes aren't maxed the minion prince will match their levels when building the hero-building? At town hall 16
So if I upgrade my th will my prince have a higher level?
Wait... If we rushed to 16 but neglected our heroes will I require 40 levels of heroes and two years to upgrade to TH17?
11:15 what are these regenaration times !?
anyone notice they lowered queen requirement to th8? thats insane
Can you use the hero while upgrading?
Does this mean hero upgrades don’t require a builder?
Are you able to still use the hero’s on defense while upgrading? Also no hero’s while upgrading in war?
So I'm curious now after tow attacks our heroes goes on cooldown so if we switch a fourth hero is it on cooldown or not?
If I’m th11 but I just got there and I have level 40 queen and king if I upgrade to level 41 will it save me and upgrade of my hero hall?
When is town center 17 going to be released ?
Can you tell us when the update dropps?
When is this update?
While upgrading heroes do we can use them for attacks?
Why are we still using builders for heros and walls
So if i upgrade my th first to lvl 17 and do i get +10 level =80 level Mp?
Wait I just became th9....and was so glad to have queen. Now th8 can also have queen? It's so unfair...
Will we be able to use hero while they are being upgraded?
In order to get a level 10 hero hall at town hall 16 do you only need 1 max level hero?
So do i lose my heroes bacause my hero hall is level 1 ?
so can we use our heroes while upgrading now?
I’m th15 and my warden is level 56. The max warden level for th14 is 55, so does this mean my minion prince will be as high level as it can be for th15?
Does the minion prince scale with your lowest level hero? Or the highest? Or average? My barb king is level 80-something and my queen is upgrading to level 94 and i have max warden and champion. What level will my minion be? 60 or 70? If i had nown i would have maxed the king toooo
When is the update dropping?
Wonder how the game will cope with all the th16 lvl 1 defences and hero bases, will the heroes all be upgraded to max th15 lvl?
when is this actually coming
16:06 Why just max?  Please, we need lower town halls as well.
@JudoSloth you can't decide to call a banner a flag because you feel to...then what's the point of stuff having names?
when is the update?
Have anyone noticed, the minion prince looks like BUTCHER from THE BOYS?
Wait so TH15 prince is level 70 and TH16 prince goes to level 90? So you still need to do 20 levels?
With the Hero Hall, you can only upgrade 1 hero at a time?
When does the update come into effect???
Does upgrading a hero still make it unusable in an attack?
Are we also getting a lvl14 equipment if we are th16? Starting from lvl1 will take so many ores😢
when’s the update dropping tho?
My clash on my phone  won't have any of this I can't update!??
Didn't they give us levels on equipment for our th level when equipment was launched?
WHEN DOES IT RELEASE IS THE QUESTION!!!
When does it release ?
I’m at th15, does this mean I have to upgrade the hero hall until I have all slots available for my heroes?
When is the update dropping?
So I’m just a little confused I have a TH16 base that’s been rushed and my heroes are very low level (like BK level 19) etc so what level hero hall will I get and will I be able to upgrade to TH17 right away?
So will you get a hero hall based on your townhall level or will it be based on the level of your highest leveled hero/heroes? I just recently upgraded to townhall 16 but my highest hero is at level 90 and the rest weren't close to max level for th15 before I upgraded. I was just wondering if it will give me a level 9 hero hall because of my th15 level heroes or will it be based on my townhall 16 level alone and give me a level 10 hero hall?
If I am 1.5 months away from max th15 would it be worth to rush to 16 to get the minion prince at a higher level?
so who right judo if itzu? we got hero 70 lvl at 16th if its will calculates our hero lvls
when is the update coming out
Wait, so right now I'm th11, if I upgrade to th12, will my minion prince gain more upgrades?
So here is my query : If one of my hero level is 66 on th13, will i get the max level of the minion prince? Because level 65 is max for th 12...
When can we expect the update
How many times do you have to unlock your heroes
When does the update release ?
What day will the update be released?
When will TH17 arrive?
So no matter the town hall level there’s no way to simoultanously use all 5 heroes in battle?
Soo... the update has you fiddle around with the UI for 20 minutes just to fix your heros and how they've always been just for ONE attack? Glad I stopped playing then game a while ago.
What about town halls lvl 12?
Fans judo sloth is here?
Do we know when there will be this huge update? Will it be immediately after Hammer jam event?
So we can still only use 4 Heros but have 5 ??
Will the minion prince get new skins?
Why couldn’t they just add the hero hall without removing the hero alters and why did they have to remove the grand wardens statue form while on defence it looked so cool 😭
Can we use heroes while they are upgrading?
When does the update come out out?
When will the update drop
When does the update drop?
when i can get this update?
when is the update coming out?
When will the update actually be out?
Why I didn't get the hero building?? Iam currently th9 and builder is working on upgrading my th😢😢
question, if i’m a mostly max town hall 15, with mostly max heroes, should i go to 16 and upgrade a hero one level above town hall 15s max hero level to get a level 70 minion prince or will it not work like that?
In case no one else asked, when should the update be scheduled for release? Is it tomorrow or 2nd december?
Where do that eagle artillary go
Where do that eagle artillary go
Are you still not able to use heroes that are upgrading?
i am max th13 what might be my minnion prince can someone help me and if i upgrade my townhall to 14 will it change the lv?
When will the update drop?
Also when is the update dropping???
When the th17 Will be realeased?
For those of us who use ground attacks how does the minion princess help?
When it comes out ? 😮
When is this update coming?
Are you gonna show us the 4 best heros to use for attacking and defending since we got a 5th hero?
Judo your videos are really the best quality there is on youtube! Do you have an animator? Do you edit all by yourself? Really they’re amazing! love!!!
so can we use heroes while they are upgrading?
Should I upgrade my th 12 to th 13 to get a higher hero level
if I'm TH14 and I have AQ at 79, I have to upgrade her at 80 for the max starter of the minion at th14?
When we will get the update?
Why is the grand warden the only one that requires regular elixir can someone explained this to me please
So I am a fresh th 16 with a king lvl <80 but a queen lvl 90. Cant I just level up my queen to 91 and I will get the Minion Prince level 70?
so i am a almost max th14 besides heroes and walls, would you recommend upgrading my th to 15 so i get the minion as a th15 level rather than 14?
WHEN IS THE UPDATE COMING?
I am a nearly max th9 with only heroes left ( Q: level 2, king : 27) should i just upgrade my town hall so i can get the new hero at level 10 ?
When is this upgraded going to out?Please someone tell me🙏🙏🙏
My heroes level are king 75 queen 75 warden 65 and royal champion 33 so how much level minion king I get ??
What about quick train and if you upgrade a hero can you use it ?
how does it work with clan wars? and can i use 4 heroes while upgrading 1?
Are heroes usable while upgrading?
I'm little rushed base with th10 and wanted to fix before moving to th11 but should I rush one more th lvl just for minion prince lvl?
When is the update
When does this update release?
What are your thoughts with these changes and how base layers videos now have to change completely from th7 and up.
I have a th16 denigrating account with level 10, 20 heroes will I have the maximum th16 level?
why does minion prince looks like a malnutrition polio victim
So can we expect update in next 24 hours or it may take much longer? I believe th16 took a little longer after the hammer jam ended so that’s why I wondered.
Are there going to be any Black Friday sales in CoC?
And what if my other heroes are at lv 60-65 at th15 will i get max heros or just deal with it??
can you still not use heroes while upgrading them?
What the hell was that gold bear?!???!
Wait, does that mean our builders would only be occupied once for the hero hall since heroes are upgraded within the hero hall?
When does the new update come
Two questions: 1. If my highest hero is lvl 81 Queen, what level hero hall will I receive? 2. Is the pet house remaining its own building?
If you have your heroes upgraded already to a certain level, would you get the Hero Hall correspondent to the closest next 10 levels (level 21 = level 3 hero hall)?
This is making lvl up heroes harder no? I gotta wait 15 days to start upgrading them with no booms
Btw when is the release??
When is the updated comeing
Does this mean it will no longer require builders to upgrade your heroes? If so how many could you upgrade at once?
Do we have to max our heroes before upgrading our hero hall?
How about the new hero's ability? Is it upgraded already?
Should I Upgrade My townhall before the update arrives so I unlock new minion prince at higher level from beginning?  I am almost maxed out th10 just one skeleton trap level away 😅
So I’m a little confused. I just went to TH14 and my heroes weren’t fully maxed for TH13 but pretty close with 5-10 levels left on them. Regardless of that will the new hero hall be at the level for TH14 to still max out my heroes to 80-80-55-30? Or will it be at the TH13 level??
Are we going to have to upgrade the hero hall or does it scale from your townhall. I would hate to wait to be allowed to use my 4 heros at th15
I KNEW IT HE WAS NEW HERO  qeustion when does the update drops? next month right? kinda sad we dont have altars anymore after the update R.I.P we gonna miss them!
I am at TH 15 almost maxes(walls and bomb remaining). So, should I upgrade my TH as you mentioned that we will get max level of Minion prince of previous TH level max hero hall to save my dark elixir to upgrade it?
why does the minion prince look like Antony💀 0:07
Is there any new scenery we are getting with TH17?
Why don't they just add the heroes of clash mini?  Countess is too good to be forgotten
When is the update?
is there a date for the update yet?
why do we have to wait for a 15 day upgrade to start upgrading our heros?
When is the TH17 update?
So if I start upgrading my AQ to level 91  before the update will I get a lvl 70 or 60 minion prince when the update drops?
when is the update?
When is this coming live?
When is this update coming out ?
Can supercell stop making things complicated for the old players
1 doubt bro, at the same time my all heros kept update using 5 builder ASAP ? Is right
How does the upgrading works? Do they require builders or they are like the pet house where only one can be upgraded, or they don't require builders and multiple can be upgraded
No more Warden statue???
Mr. Josh, will the kings be returned to level 1 or if so will I leave the game?😢
I am at th15. What minion prince level would i get?
Wouldnt it be worth upgrading to a higher town hall level and then upgrading one of your currently max heroes right now? It'd mean you'd get a higher level minion prince.
Any idea when is th17 releasing?
Will the flags being smaller put holes in bases
But why so many levels on Heroes instead of just 5 at each TH??
Where was the max capacity loot raid video in hammar jam?
When is the update?
Uhhh.. when will this be iomplemented? I'm at TH11 and like... nothing happened when i logged in? i am finding out abt this just from this vid...
Is new hero at max th 13 lvl in th 13?
Wait what ?? Queen at TH 8?? Hmwahts happening here
Fun question! My town hall is upgrading to 14 currently but my heroes are very rushed. 21, 1, 10, and 5. Regardless of their levels, does the fact that I am upgrading my townhall mean that I will have the maxed version of the hero hall due to that being a requirement before the townhall can upgrade or will it be a lower level and cancel my upgrade?
So are they completely removing the pet house and equipment buildings?
so when is the update coming??
Hii, please i need advice, I am currently upgrading my queen to level 91. She is my highest level hero. Will I get Hero Hall level 10 or 9? Is there a way for me to know?  Btw great videos Judo, keep it up? 😁
So what level dark minion will I get if I have a queen at level 90 and I'm Town Hall 16? I wo t get the lvl 70 prince because my queen isn't 95?
So if i am a th10, and my highest hero level is only level 10, will I get hero hall level 4 or hero hall level 1? And if I get hero hall level 1, does that mean it bypass the hero hall level requirement to get to the next th? Because in order to move to the next th, you need to upgrade the hero hall to the max for that specific th. So for a th10, the minimum hero hall required is level 3.
Should we therefore try to get to the highest town hall level before the update to get the most levels allowed by the hero hall?
They are making archer queen at th8 instead of th9 now????
Will higher th result in higher level of minion prince?
My heroes levels are 90, 61, 51, 14 in this case I've to upgrade my BK to level 91 to get the minion prince at level 70 ready for me right?
As long as we don't upgrade the room to the level of unlocking the champion, the heroes won't become unavailable to those who already have them, right?
Do I get the max level on the Minion Prince if I upgrade from th 14 bto 15 before the update?
When is the update
What about builders?will heroes upgrade still need builder
@judo in lieu of CWL and not having a book of building or hammer, will my war base be weakend by not having access to the eagle artillery while my th is upgrading or will it somehow work like the other merged defenses while merging will not have a wait time on your war base?
update tomorrow right?
When is the new Update coming out? and Thank God I'm TH 13 maxed so I can still use 4 heroes...
Question: (that is if you see this) Are we able to use heroes to while they’re upgrading? Or are we still unable to use them during upgrades?
wait so th17 drops tomorrow?
When will be the update available for asian server??
Can you upgrade heroes while the hero Hall is upgrading? I don't like the 15.5 day wait for the upgrade but if I can upgrade the minion prince while the building upgrades, then I won't use any magic items to speed up the upgrade.
When does the update come out?
Since we have additional hero, some of us want to know how it looks on the profile view which all of you creator failed to show. Is it still show 4 hero or it will display all? And what will be the bg and etc. Since you are the most detailed reviewer for whatever update on clash of clans I was hoping yours will be different.
Is there a time or date when the TH 17 update will be released?
when is this update coming
Why do I feel like they are gonna add a hero every other TH now
I will love this game if hero hall hero will upgrade like troops. Why hero needs to upgrade using builder?
When is this TH coming out?
I am th13 so would it be beneficial for me to upgrade to th14 to have a higher prince hero level?
When is the update??
So should we upgrade town hall before new hero comes so that we can get higher level of hero ?  Like For lower town hall like 12 should upgrade to 13 ?
Can we upgrade multiple heroes at the same time in the hero hall?
whene is the update?
do we know the day of the update?
I wonder how the King and Queen have slept together and produced Minion Prince 🤔 Something is fishy!!😂
When is this update coming ?
Is it me or do I feel like the hero hall  Animation and 3D seem so similar to Dota’s hero animation and 3D art style
So I’m townhall 11, does this mean I’m losing a hero for attacks and defence? That’s dumb
Hero hall anti rush?
I logged on, no update, when does it drop?
Will it take builders to upgrade the heroes like old since they have introduced heroes hall ??
Can anyone predict when the update is going to come? I can’t wait!
so will you be able to use heroes while upgrading?
How can you name this as a new Hero if he can't do anything independently? I think this is a very bad choice of new hero who can't even defend himself from air mines 😅
I’m confused I’m a town hall 13 am I gonna lose my heroes or is my hero hall gonna start off upgraded to the max level for my specific town hall?
Wow, now you instantly unlock the Barbarian King?! Legends remember the grind for that first 10k Dark Elixir
When does this update come?
When is this update releasing
What about  we have max hero we have gone do we have to start again
When will the update drop ?
What if I still want the hero alters
Judo will my other heros be automatically upgraded to minimum for my th?
When the  update is coming for all player's??
When is it coming
Okay. So this is confusing. I’m almost maxed TH12 (4 more Barb King levels remaining). Should I go to TH13 before the update so that I’ll get the maxed TH12 minion prince or will it match my other hero levels if I stay at TH12?
When th 17 update will come ?? Tomorrow  ?
Soo is it good it upgrade townhall now soo that i can skip that many levels of minion prince upgrade?
Do we know when the update is scheduled?
Anyone else notice how the bodyguard minions had a housing space? Maybe we are getting them as a troop too?
when is the update coming out?
So its better to get the hero hall on max heroes so you can get the new hero max already?
Can we only upgrade one hero at a time now? 😭 RIP lower town halls
When is the update judo?
What happens if you have an hero before the update
Does the Archer Queen's Frozen Arrow freezing stack with the Minion Prince's Dark Orb? Will we have 0.65*0.5 slowness effect on buildings?
Great video judo ! I have a question though, if you can help me.  I’m nearly max th14 (I just have traps left) . My question is, if I upgrade to th15 today using a book of building, will I get a max th15 dark prince? Thanks 🙏
If I missed the lavaloon puppet will there be a way to get it in the future?
In which townhall will the Minion prince is unlocked?
When the update start?
Love from 😊❤ Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩 please tell me, town hall 17 Confrom update date?
When is this update coming out?
Judo, my AQ and bk are lvl 31 and 32 (th10) as a th12, is it always basedon the aq? Will i de-unlock the warden? Or am I just stupid and it's based on the grand warden
So can we use hammer of heroes to upgrade hero hall?
Can you please do an updated base layout video asap with all the new buildings coming?
Wait i have a question? Does it mean i cant  upgrade my hero from the mean time until i upgrade the hero hall the same as the townhall? Since my hero lvl currently in the high lvl
Brother i have doubt will they discount in level system of king queen 😅?
Do you think the Minion Prince will work with th 12 Lalo? ALL the heroes have some utility , maybe it will be better at th 13 replacing the RC with the Minion Prince
When we r getting the update? Tomorrow?
3:14 question.If im already th 9 and i have archer queen unlocked,will my hero hall be the max lsvel of th8?
When is this update coming out?
Really nice to see some good changes done by supercell. Could we get any info regarding when TH17 Might release?
Is there any changes to legend league and donations?
Is there another one sneak peek 🧐
When is the update coming?
If we are higher will we automatically unlock the new hero?
When is the update going to drop?
Is the update coming tomorrow?
When will this update drop and what happened to the daily chests and snacks I do not have them anymore?
When will the update gets released  ?
What would the prince level be at max th13 ?
What happens to the hero hall if you are currently upgrading you townhall
Hello Judo, when is this update?
So can we use heroes while upgrading them ?
When is the release date?
So should I use the minion Prince with blizz lalo?
so when is the update releasing?!
What time, the update will relase?
Will the hero hall start at level one even if I'm in town hall 13? Or will it be like the max level it can be in that townhall?
WHEN IS THE UPDATE BEING LAUNCHED????
Im guessing TH17 drops tomorrow since Hammer jam ends tomorrow???
If the hero hall is an unplaced item can I make my Archer queen (get it to lvl 95) and then place it so I get a lvl 70 minion prince?
Why they don't rip off the black smith and pet house?
Judo. Would you rush up a TH lvl (th13) before the update to get the extra lvls on the MP? All major Def and all walls are completed thanks to HJ. Please let me know your thoughts
Wait is judo going to make another base video with the flags instead of the altars?
When do these changes take place?
So if I were th16 but my heroes are still th15 level (max 85) , what level of hall of heroes (minion prince) do I get ??
So does it mean we wont get the th boosted heroes immediately once we  upgraded the townhall?
When is this update releasing...
Probably new TH will be released after CWL, right?
5 heroes but in game you  will have 4 heroes only ?
Does anyone know when the new hero will be introduced in the game?
how do you even get the prince?
When does the update go live ?
Isn't the minion king a little bit too broken? That's in my opinion.
Theres no update yet?
is there any time for upgrading heros? are just leveling up with required elixirs???
When is the update coming out?
I have a lvl 71 king, 80 queen, 30 Rc, and warden at 55. What would the level of my Minion P when the update drops ?
Is this update tomorrow?
When is the update
When is the update coming though??
Guys I have queen lvl 74 what MP lvl will I get? And do I have to level her up to 75 before the update
wait, so if I am a max TH14 will I get the new hero at the max level of my townhall or at the first level of that TH?
when will this update come out?
Does that mean we can have more heroes added now? Awesome! Can't wait for other heroes from the cancelled clashvers spinoffs
with this new hero and new troops, will you be making a new attack strategy video?
I'm TH12 almost 13 should I upgrade to 13 before the update to have the minion prince a higher level?
I have a doubt on heroes leveling system  If my king lvl is 10 for TH16 but having max queen  What it will my minion prince level ?? For TH17 upgrade??😅
I wanna ask about something, if now I'm at TH15 but my heros are really low level (about Q71, K40, W30,RC15) did I will get my minion prince level based on my TH level or to my heros level ?! if it's about my TH ..So i will upgrade my town hall before the update
When is the update rolling for global?
Do we not get the alters as decorations???
The real question now is; in the new update, do the heroes sleep when they are upgrading or they still can't be used in wars and attacks?
I dont understand.. so we cant upgrade 2 heroes at same times??
Why is this update not there in my base
Why would we need a builder to upgrade a living being? Why won't they make it work like the laboratory or the pet house?
Is this update out?
When will update drop?
Wtf why using a Builder????
When you upgrade a hero in the hero hall does it require a  builder?
do i get lvl 10 hero hall if my queen is lvl 93, and others are lower levels?
so can they defend and attack at the same time?
When is the update coming?
But wont we have to use more resources now to upgrade the hero hall BEfore being able to upgrade our heroes?
When is update released?
Judo can i ask a question if lets say am th 12 and my heros are low lvl and i get the hero hall do my heros (barbarian king,archer queen,grand warden) get instantly leveled up because am th 12 the hero hall may lvl up doe to the needs of uprading it to advance to the next th?. Thank you
What is the max level of the minion prince for every Town Hall level ?
quick question, at 7:46 when you upgrade barb king, it show upgrade time to every hero, idk if ui and dev build thing, but because it show that, does it mean you can upgrade 1 hero at the times? i just need clarify it
is it likeeee everyyyyy buildinggg even walls are supposed to upgraded to there maximum level to get the minon prince at level 70?
But what about, during this time we can three star any base with just destroying the hero altars w/o even knocking out the heroes, so is it even possible to get three stars w/o knocking out the heroes but taking down the hero hall?
When is the update
On what date the update drops??
When's the update coming by the way????
When the update start?
When the update?
Awesome vid judo ! So with all the new buildings and merges should we expect an updated war/farming base video?
When does this release?
When is update coming
only hero i have maxed out is RC so will it still upgrade the new hero to lvl 70?
Question: my town hall is lv16 but low level do I keep my heroes and the slots? Also I will upgrade my heroes 1 by 1 could take awhile but first the prince then barbarian king then the rest
Can you please release a new best bases for every th video for the new changes
How we can try this update as you do ?
So we should rush one hero as high as we can get them to get a higher builder hall right? Like a lvl 85+ queen with my current 75 king to get hall 9
if archer queen on level 94, what will be minion prince level?
so im th14 if i would upgrade my town hall to 15 would i get a higher lvl minion prince?
I have a question!!! If i am Th16 maxed... will i unlock the hero hall at lvl 10 or lvl 1?
Will the update supposed to be tomorrow?
How will the profile cards of the players now look like when there is a fifth hero?
Im th 14 almost maxed i have all my heroes maxed and in like a week i would have ugraded to th 15... Should i upgrade it before the new update so that both the hero hall and the new hero would get a bigger upgrade? (I know i would have to upgrade 1 level of one of my heroes too in order to do so)
should i rush to th14 then cos of the hero hall?
how about upgrading heroes it can upgrade heroes simultaneously or 1 hero per upgrade?
Isn’t the car sound at 10:10 from Friday the 13th the game?
JUDO my heroes are all a couple of levels off of max for 14 but I went up to 15 during hammer jam. Would it be worth it for me to use books/hammers to get one of them into th15 range to get extra levels on the prince? Or did I misunderstand how that works
So if I'm a th12 with max defenses and walls, but lvl 50 heros, should I upgrade to th13 so that I get the lvl 50 prince vs lvl 40? Or am I looking at that chart wrong?
Wait, will minion prince fly during defense? If so, can any of ground melee troops hit him?
what will happen to account with rushed TH? like they have low lvl heroes and they have th14? will the heroes get levelled up?
When is the new update?? I can't wait.. 😂
when will the update come out?
can we place the hero hall instantly at level 10 as a maxed out th16? or does it need a builder and takes time to construct?
Can you please make another video about updated every TH layout because of the new updates
should i upgrade townhall before the update to get the benefit of higher minion level? i would only skip 3 hero upgrades and 2 cannon upgrades
What happens if your Townhall 14 do I have to start all over from heroes
I have level 80 king and queen and 51 level warden and 18 levels of champion  what will be the level of my minion king ?
When is the update?
Does this mean we cant iphrade multiple heroes at a time ?
quick question, im max th14, with AQ lvl 80 and just started TH upgrade. Will my minion prince be higher if I finish my th before the upgrade?
Are we can use our hero even tho they are on upragding?
When will it come to game
Why is it looking at us like that 💀
Does this mean we can expect update tomorrow?
Hello Judo do you know when is the update day? So I can plan my hero upgrade. I currently have AQ at 75. but if I get her to 76 I can save 10 levels of Minion Prince. Just wanted to know the update day so I would know if I'll be able to complete it before it starts
When th is releasing Anyone ?
if your upgrading the heroes you still cant use them or they changed it to be like the laboratory?
Why on earth does it still use a builder if they’re being upgraded in the hero hall similar to the laboratory???
What did you guys thinks????
Question 🙋‍♂️ if the troops live at the army camps, the pets live in the pet house, and now hero’s live in the hero hall; who lives in the town hall? Why is that the most important building for the second star? 🫤 🤔
Will we have last sneak peek tomorrow?
I just maxed Th 13 today and upgraded to th 14 will the hero level be for Th 14 max or Th 13 max?
Why does it take builders?? Would be better if it wouldn't...
so we don't need worker to level up hero?
You can use heroes in war while upgrading?
Does upgrading a hero still disable them on attacking??
im currently upgrading my blacksmith and it needs 1 d 6 h and if update drops tomorrow at 9 am my time that's less than upgrade time what happens?
When is the update dropping?
Can you upgrade one and leave it out? Or are u forced to keep it in your rotation?
but the update will be out tomorrow as the hammer jam ends or during next week?
The minion hero can be unlocked  at town hill 9 ?
What happened in th 12 ?is it already leveled up?😅
13:18 why do the henchmen have a housing space? we already have the thrower as a troop so its weird
Can we take judo to battel 😂 as a hero  So he can teach queen to how to attack defence instead of breaking walls 😂
What is the level for th15 😢
Wait. If i have th 15 but my King is 72 and my warden is level 48 than what level of hero hall will i get? 😰
When does the update come out?
So minion price at th15 would be what level to be precise?
What if my AQ is lvl 92? Will i still get lvl 70 minion prince?
So if I rush to max th rn, I would be saving on leveling the prince?
Question, Im a town hall 10, and both king and queen is already lvl 40 how will that work? will they just get downgraded or...? im confused
What happened to the human based heroes
I just upgraded to th16, does that mean I get a lvl 70 minion hero? Or should I upgrade one of my heroes to lvl 91 (so higher than max th15 allows) before the update to ensure this?
Queen and Minion prince charge/walk together with druids? This will be op for me
What about Date of update ?
What is the level of minion Prince at th15 ??
I'm th 16 with my archer queen level 60 Whats the level of the hero hall I'm receiving? Its really bad bro I wanted to go to th 17 directly
Iam th14 and My warden is lvl 50 (th13 max) if i start upgrading him and th17 arrives before my warden is 51 then what will be the lvl of my hero hall ?
I’m about to be a max th12 with only needing 3 more levels for my grand warden. Does that mean the minion prince will delay me going to th13 as I have to upgrade it a little bit?
Will there be no new pets and levels? Also ig 2 more common equipments will come for MP.
But I'm a TH 10 and how is the transition gonna work?
When is the Update???
Does the update come out tomorrow?
When will be th17 realising?
I wonder  if this will effect electro dragon attacks in positif way or negative way
When did this update coming out
When's the update coming?
When is the update dropping though?
Can you tell me judo are you gonna do a video with the town hall 17
So can we use our hero while uploading?
I am a TH16 and my max level hero is lv87 does that mean i will only get hero hall for TH15?
Then  what's the use of the Blacksmith & Pet House? Just remove them and connect the levels to Hero hall, then we can save more space. ( Dont forget to refund what we spent to build them )
Can we now when the update is coming?
I'm still TH14 but almost have everything maxed, do I just update to th15 so I get a higher level prince?
I wonder how long before they nerf the minions equipment after we maxed it out.😆
You think update will be after season?
If overnight I rush to level 16 town hall will my minion prince will be 70 even if I have level 1 other heroes ?
Can anyone tell me in which date these updates will be released in coc?😢😢 I need to upgrade th 13 before this
when will this update come
So, when the updates come?
what was the builder hero alter then in the season sneak peak?
You have editor ? Or you will editing your videos?
Since the hero hall max level is 10 and I’m a max th 16 do you think there’s a way I can upgrade my town hall before placing it down and get a higher level minion prince?
When is rhe update coming
Yo judo im a town hall 12, almost town hall 13 but i still have to upg the troops and some buildings and if i upg to town hall 13 will the minion prince be a max lvl town hall 12 hero?
When will the update drop?
2nd time i asking this judo, does "destroying eagle artillery" achievements won't get any progress if we upgrade to th17?
So what are we thinking when the update will drop?
I must upgrade my Hero Hall to level 11 in order to upgrade my Heroes (King, Queen, RC or others) to max level or can i do it with Hero hall level 10? @Judo Sloth Gaming
Why tf we need builders to upgrade heroes? Do they need beating instead of training?
When will this update release any idea?
Why does the minion prints look sleepy
By the way when is this update?
So when are we getting this update ?
When is it coming out.
On my newest account I have king at 30 and queen at 27, should I upgrade king to 31 just to have one more hero hall level?
Is there going to be a new best bases video at th17?
What happened to low lvl hero on town hall rusher?? Th16 with lvl10 grand warden?
so how long are each hero hall upgrades ?
I have a question  If someone has already upgraded a hero to level 30 in Town Hall 9 before this update, will the level be removed until He/She do not upgrades required Hero Hall level when the update arrives? Please let me know,Sir
Town hall 17 when ? Tomorrow or what
Soooo whats lvl of minion king would be at th15 and will we get the upgraded version of hero hall as well?🤔
any idea when this update release?
Wait, so I'm already a maxed TH15 moving to a TH16 soon what lvl would  the hero hall be for me?😅
Are their any pets on th17 ? Please reply
When is the city base landing?17
I don't get what the level of the minion prince we get is. Is it connected to the current town hall level or current hero levels? Also, what if I start a town hall upgrade before the update (for example, from 15 to 16)? Do I get it from the level it's supposed to be at 16 or at 15?
What is its range of basic attack
Wait so when i log into my account (I am a TH14) will the hero hall be level 1, or will it be determined on my TH level or my hero levels?
Judo ... im a new th 16, but i have already maxed my queen and my warden ... which level do i get the minion prince?
Does he also get a league skin?
Judo new th base for every town hall??
I have th14 now, if I upgrade it to 15, then can I get minion prince maxed at th15?
I have questions on the hero hall! If a hero has a skin on, is the skin lost forever or it is still there when you unlock it? And is the levels of the hero still kept? Are the hero abilities still kept? I have fireball on my warden. Is it lost forever and i need to buy it again?
Is it mean that heroes dont need A builder to upgrade Heroes?
I have my queen at 75, warden at 63, king at 51 and rc at 18 on th 16 ( semi-maxed ) can anyone please tell me that of which level of minion hero I am going to receive ??
Lvl 70 requires only a user to be on th16 or fully max out like i am fully maxed out 15 if i hammer the th to 16 will i get the prince of worth lvl 70 ?
When will come the update?
So if my queen is 80  What lvl I ll get? 60?
When will be the update
So, should I upgrade the town hall before the update so I can get the most out of the levels?
One problem what if you have rushed heros? Will the prince be as leveled as the highest hero level? Or the rushed one cuz i have rushed queen and king but my warden is max
What the hell is supercell doing???
so if i am a th13 do i get a level 1 hero hut or??
Everyone praising this hero update is Th16 max or what? Having to upgrade your heroes to max in order to upgrade to the next town hall is just crazy, since equipment update I just upgrade my heroes when I get a book, I’m almost th16 max with th14 max heroes……
I find it very confusing because I always max my heros for my th and to upgrade something befor upgrading heros is just more confusing to me bit what do ju think judo?
judo I have an important question for you, what if I am th12 and then I have 3 heroes unlocked and then when the update is released, can't I use all the heroes until my hero hall is upgraded to the max level according to my th? will that happen to us?
so does this mean i can't watch them sleep anymore when i upgrade them? darn now i will never see my Halaand skin ball kicking animation anymore
On which TH does the minion prince unlock?
The main question @JudoSloth is WHEN IS THE UPDATE????
Hi judo nice video as always, one question i am th15 almost maxed so what lvl will my minion prince be? I didnt understand completely. <3
Can you use your Heroes while they are upgrading...like the unlimited heroe event?
Are we getting an update at 26th nov ??
GUYS WHY THERE ARE ONLY 4 BANNERS NOT 5 BANNERS ? I MEAN 5 FOR ALL 5 HEROES
Question: if you have Heroes upgrading during this time, will they auto finish or continue when you place the Hero Hall?
15:53 why did not the TH exploded?
5:35 🤔 so does that mean i will have my maxed grand warden of townhall 13 in Townhall 14 as i didn't maxed him on thn 13?
When the th 17 come?
Which hero do you think he will replace?
I wonder how the new researcher works with heroes 🤔 or will hero upgrades still be affected by builder boost. It changed towards laboratory style 🤔 Also if they put another hero and dont give option to boost hero upgrades, people will just upgrade defend heroes and use hero boost to attack heroes
*How much level worth Minion prince and Hero hall I will get?*  if I am at *Th 16* and I have    *RC* lvl 44 (upgrading to lvl 45)  *Warden* lvl 69 (upgrading to lvl 70) *King* lvl 55 *Queen* lvl 53
So max th16s will get level 70 minion prince or level 80? Confusing
As a fresh th13 at the beginning of hammer jam and halfway to max of current levels (7 for king 6 for warden, 12 for champion, 6 for queen), The levels are the same of what it normally is, right?
I'm a th16 and with rushed heroes. Will i have to max out my hero hall before upgrading to th17?😭
Will I lose my hero
I have level 85 queen. So what will my Minion Prince be for level?
When is the update?
wait so as a th 15 should i hammer my th to lvl 16 so i can get 10 extra lvls on my minion prince or did i understand this wrong?
Was it meant by judo to leak the offers for the update?
So for town hall 12 will be only 3 heroes for attack (and I'm just asking)?
When the update is coming?
Wait, should I rush to TH15 for the Prince levels then? HMMMM
If I have a level 65 queen and level 20 king and level 6 warden, level 1 rc. What level would I get the minion prince, max th12 or something lower?
Judo, I wanted to ask why aren't there any new upgrades and buildings ? On the builder base side. It feels like it's being left out 😢.
Does this mean sleeping animation for heroes is gone???
One question that i may be miss - Can we use the hero that are within upgrading?
5:45 judo, what if I have a Lvl 58 grand warden(jzt 3 lvls above The TH14 max), Will I get A lvl 8 hero hall Or Lvl 9 Hero Hall!??? Reply!!!
Should I go to th11 now to unlock the warden before the update?
When does th17 comes ?
How does hero upgrades work now then??
What about Legend league? No change?
When will the update drops?
Judo pls tell about that will the upcoming meta will like th 16? Too offensive? Or like th 15 too defensive what you think? Pls tell your views about it
Why minion prince look like a satan
when the update drops?
Judo! What would be the hero you replace the minion prince with? All hero’s right now seem really good, so having a hard time deciding on what to switch out. I usually use Root Riders + E titans with Skelly spells. Lmk if possible cheers :)
Judo what about hero skins?
Will we be able to use the heroes while they upgrade?
When will the update drop? Im so excited 🥳🥳
where is the new hero level based? the max for the town hall or the level of other heroes?
Th17 release date?
when the update come Judo? like the end of this month or first of december? great video judo!
I am curious. I have a Royal Champion, but when I played before I thought "Heroes are bad so I will not upgrade them" (Stupid me) and now I have my BK and AQ at level 30 only, what level would my Hero Hall be?
So im th16 and have gw 70 aq 82 but bk 80 so ll i get lvl 9 hero hall and lover level minion?
When is the update coming out?🤔
Is that Lil Nas?
Does the hero hall drop ressources if destroyed?
Will th 17 update relese tmrw?
What happens to the rush players? Do they like immediately get a level 70 minion prince does that go for the same the hero hall? Do they also get a level 10?
When does the app actually update after hammer jam?
Weapon borrow from Dota 2 — aghanim's scepter ?
So the only thing that I didn"t understand (prolly missed it tbh) but will the equipment be also leveled for the previous th? Or we will have to start upgrading it from level 1?
Can I upgrade my 4 hero at same time or not?
when is the update
No new pet? The new update seems a little... underwhelming.
Wait hero prince is th9 hero?
Wait so all my heroes are practically max th14 i just upgraded to th15 and haven’t upgraded a single hero so if i add a singular lvl to any hero does that mean it’ll give me the higher lvl hero hall since i have a hero above th14 levels?
What is the date of th17 update release?
I don’t get it why do you still need a builder to upgrade a hero? It should now be same like the pet house
I've a maxed out TH15, what will be my minion prince's lvl when the update comes?? Will i have to start the upgrade from lvl 1???
why a minion
When is this update actually coming
If you need max hero hall before upgrading TH, does that mean maxed accounts won’t be able to immediately go to TH17 when the update comes out?? I’m going to have to buy it and upgrade it 10 times?
i have a burning question, what if i wanted to use my heroes but im upgrading the hero hall? is the regen for the heroes slowed down or are you not allowed to use them at all?
Why the new hero lowkey looks low poly
Wait so at town hall 9, because my king and queen are unlocked and lvl 19 and lvl 9 respectively, my hero halls level will account for that?
If I rush my TH to 16, will my minion prince auto level from maxed th15(prev.th) hero level for minion price?
Upgrading heros in the heros hall will use a builder, but will it also disable the hero from attacking while upgrading?
when is it added?
what are the judosloth hero stats?
The real question is when does all this release?
My town level 13 max it's Doon to upgrade to lv14 so the new hero will come at max level as my town without starting upgrade him? If this is correct I will happy😌😌
judo will there be a new best th layout since theyre changing the altars?
When is the update?
Is that the last sneak peek? If so I'm so excited for the update, thank you Judo
will you be able to use heroes while theyre upgrading now?
Can we use Heroes while they're upgrading?
When is the update droppiny?
Minion henchmen are mega minions without armour? 🤔
Are there gonna be balance changes?
When will the update drop... tomorrow???
I'm currently TH15. Does this mean I should upgrade to TH16 so I will have them Minion Prince maxed to TH15 level instead of maxing my current TH?
Minion equipment not automatically leveled based on TH? I don’t have enough ores for this
Why are builders still required for upgrading and not just like the pet house? 😭
So when is this update gonna hit play store ?
Wait so if I went to townhall 13 before the update would that make my minion higher level or will it fully just go of my other hero's levels?
Anyone got the upd?
What happens if my King is hero level 91? I'm TH 16. Will I still get him at level 70?
so to upgrade any hero when reaching th17 we need to first upgrade the hero hall?
Hi judo what's the release date of th17 🔥🔥??
Update when tomorrow?
What about the equipments of minion prince should we have to upgrade it from the starting or we get the upgraded level of equipments for our specific townhalls?..
any ETA of TH17?
So sleeping animations of hero skins are no longer available?
Will heroes still be unavailable when we are upgrading them
So if i have lvl 91 archer queen i will get lvl 10 hero hall and lvl 70 minion prince?
Quick question... does my heros get upgraded automatically when the update released?
What happens if my heroes on TH13 already maxed out??
Under 1 hour anyone?
So if your hero levels are somewhat close to the max based on your TH, mine is 15, the minion prince should be 10 lvls behind what their max is. When you unlock the hero hall, will it be auto upgraded to your current TH level. Or will we start right from lvl 1?
Hero will be available to use when upgrading?  If this is similar to lab upgrade then just like troops/spells are available to use when under upgrade. Make senses to have hero avilable under upgrade.
So minion prince lvl depend to your town hall lvl?
I’m curious about the level of the minion prince, my warden is level 67, so 3 from max, but my other heroes are 5 levels from max, would my minion prince match my warden and be maxed or match my other heroes and be almost maxed?
DOES THIS MEAN I HAVE TO GET ALL MY HEROES AGAIN?!?!?!?!?! (im th14)
Hi guys , is the TH17 available to upgrade now? If yes which country has new upgrade availability coz in my country there's no new upgrade available for Th17
Wait so I have to change my heroes to defend everytime? I am confused Judo, do you still have 4 heroes defending the base? Or does that disappear
So the upgrading is still the same for heroes? It's just a redesign😢
Do you have to merge the cannons and archer towers to be able to go to th17?
Them: Who is your favourite hero? Me: Judo Sloth 😅
When does this update come out?
Why do the characters models in the hero hall look so cheap and devoid of soul?
So i need to upgrade my hero hall to level 10 before i can get to town hall 17 ?
When’s the update releasing Judo ?
When is the update ?
So now we need to wait before we can start upgrading our heros in the next townhall? 💀☠️ instead of reducing the time they increased it bruh
When is the update?
The update gonna be cool . Btw what will be  your next videos about? something cool ? or something funny or may be something else??
Will you do a new best bases now that th17 is coming ?
By When can we expect the update?
Will it be possible to use a Hammer of building on the merged Town hall 17?? I don't have any books as a f2p player... :(
Judo what do you personally think about the th17 update?