What about a ladder test theres  to many an prices are crazy help us find a good one
Mickey mouse, is that you?
WTF is wrong with your voice?
Wtf is wrong with your voice 😂😂?
Thank you. How about backup cameras?
What about Garmin? They offer a connectable rear cam as well as an interior cam to record accident impact consequences.
Why do any of these exist when you can mount your smart phone on your dash?
Have you considered doing a review of mirror dash cams?
No mention of the 70Mai ? Allot of those being sold nowadays, I was hoping that they were included 💔
Can you do one for the rear facing camera
Which one is the best one? I don't have 15 minutes
Samcrac had a Dashcam with Automatic License Plate Recognition Software... Don't see this Feature on these?
How well do these cams handle summer desert heat?
how much coffee do you have in one day? 😆
Could you review rear-view mirror dash cams? I have one that's ok. I mounted the rear camera to the roof, looking out the back window. The camera lens provides a far wider view with fewer blind spots. I also installed a separate backup camera. I'm 62 and need all the help I can get.
I love your channel, and come here for all the best info on all things, but, I have one question about Dashcams. Can you please name any Dashcam that is Rechargeable, and does not require being plugged in? I need one, but I need one that will be removable, and not need to be plugged in for power. I dont need one for over night parking, just while driving. Please let me know if there are any brands or models you know of that will be rechargeable and cordless. Cheers and thank you.
I love your videos! Just curious, why didn’t you test any major brands such as Garmin or cobra? I try to stay away from “generic brands” since they are often don’t have good user support and aren’t UL tested.
I have the viofo A229 and it's great but it gets very hot, is that normal?
What about the thinkware U3000?
$2.69 lfor gas??
How come they didn’t review the Garmin?
Hi, can you do stand alone aftermarket backup cameras please?!
Question about these items; does the video get over written each time you start the car unless you manually save it? The storage capacity isn’t unlimited so there has to be a way to delete it. How does that work?  If you are involved in an accident and want to save the video, how is that done?
what do u expect buying cheap 1080hd cameras?
Hey can you do a review on electric bikes ??
Is it just me or have the prices shot up since this video was made?
geez your voice is annoying, also let me guess, was it made in china?
0:20 How tf are you getting $2.69/gal?
Did you test the Vantrue S1 Pro max ???
These are all low end dash cams no?
Have you reviewed windshield repair kits?
Where do you come up with only $114 price? It's $500 on Amazon.
What model Viofo did you test what's the model number
Love your channel, thank you for all the content you put together! I have to know, and I am sure you have been asked before; Is that really your speaking voice and inflection or is that some... voice... that you put on for these videos? Asking for a friend.. wink wink.
Can these dash cams be powered by a USB-C port? My vehicle does not have a 12v accessory port.
Do license plate quality matter as much as just proving that you where not at fault capturing the incident in general??
Did you have trouble with gender identity because your voice got higher and higher? Sound crazy!
What’s going on with this guy’s voice?
so for parked car security to try to catch someone that has been trying to break into my car which would be best? the 360degree pruveeo? if they are less than 1-2 feet away from the car while trying to unlock it through the window I'd imagine a 360 view would suffice just fine if not deture them from any future endavors.
Does it seem strange that it seems no big camera names like Nikon or Canon make these things?
Any chance for a rear backup camera comparison? Including a license plate frame style?
Why didn't you include Ddpai Z60 Pro in the test? That'd have definitely beat them all.
How about the WOLFBOX G900 TriPro Bumper Version 3?
Have you tested Radar Detectors?
Ever tried the 70MAI already?
Can you do one with small handheld paint sprayers.
I'm a little late to the party but I'll ask anyway. At about 9:30 why does the Rove R2 comparison with Wolfbox look like there's a sepia filter on the left?
Could you review Mirror Dash Cam Backup Cameras? The ones that replace/cover your rear view camera.
Looking to buy a 360 degree. Anybody have experience with the RAZO DC3000A?
I think you may have fat fingered some of the ratings in the last comparison charts? in the first column, it's supposed to be a rating of 1-5, but some of the ratings are 8 and 11 - unless you used those numbers to express how badly they performed?
can you review the Kenwood dash cam?
I bought A119V3 but the image quality is awful. Is it a fake one? Or this video misleading?
Why doesn't Samsung step up their game and create dashcams.
What I wanna know is why don’t companies make 6 channel dash cam. The most is either 4 channel or 5. With the 5th being a backseat headrest child setting camera.  What I need are to 2 for interior view. 2 for exterior side view. Plus the usual front and back.  Cause with all 4 channel cameras, you can only pick one. To either focus on the interior or exterior. For context, I drive a lot. Need as many eyes as possible.
Are you thinking of doing a dash cam test with models over 150$?  I would pay more if the quality is better and options like parking Wake-up if you get bumped should get tested.
Why am I watching Mickey Mouse on speed? Dude, chill out and stop screaming. You're running into a heart attack.
I live in Maine where in the winter might have -20 degrees. Is that level of cold a problem for any of these ?
How come you keep meeting the same white vehicle in each test .??? Now I wonder how true are your test
Why is this lady yelling about dash cams?
Is this dude on speed?
Thanks!  Slow the speech 10%?
What with your voice?
Excellent tastings and reviews 🎉 Great job ❤. Can we test mirror dash cams as well? ❤❤❤
Can we get a video of 360° cameras for car/motorcycle?
Why on the driving test do we always see the same vehicle coming the opposite way ?
Any interest in also doing a video rearview mirror comparison?
Need a good recommendation for a 2021 dodge durango, preferably one dash dam that runs 24 hrs a day and i can have live footage on my phone via an app is there such thing for any type of dashcam?
3 Months later, Viofo A119 V3 is still the best?   I know things change fast.
Why were no Gramin cams in the comparison?
Which dashcam is best to record interior and forward continuously for 17 hours with a sd and how many gigabytes would i need?
Any American made dashcams?
Great video, but why does every one of your sentences start with a deep voice, and turn high pitch halfway through?
How come none were compared to garmin dash cams was this cheap dash cams only ? Are there better expensive ones?
just curious.. how did you choose these cams??  was it starting from cheapest you could find?
Who comes up with these names 😂
What happend to your voice, sounds like you got kicked in the nuts.
Is there a way you could modify this test to include a reliability metric? That is, given "x" amount of force striking a car, how many failures to record per 100 strikes (or similar number) does the unit have? The best cam in the world is useless if it doesn't reliably activate when you need it to and nearly all models have failures at inopportune times.
Thank you. Do you have reviews about mirror dash cams, by the way?
do you have any videos on interior dash cams?  I need a decent dash cam (under $150) that records my phone inside the car.
Very helpful! Considering my 1st dash cam for 2021 Volvo XC40. There’s the FitCamx as it offers an OEM-style integration, meaning it blends seamlessly into the vehicle’s design (The front sensors behind the mirror.) without looking like an aftermarket add-on. Now, how it compares here to the Volvo?
Have you reviewed the Thinkware dashcam and others in that price category?
Hey mister why are you yelling all the time?  There is an amplifier in the device, no need to be so loud, and high pitch. It hurts my ears... just chillax. Semi interesting videos though... kinda...
Lobe the videos ! I was wondering if you could do another comparison but with some more name brands? Nexar, viofo (again), vantrue, 70mai, etc. I have a 70mai and would love to know if maybe one of those are a better option especially getting into the higher price points. Ones that have apps, parking modes and ability to download and view videos right away without plugging the SD card into a laptop.
Would you please do experiments for best car cooler to keep your drink and food cold during a long trip. There are several videos but I like your videos better and trust your tests better. As you can see I refer your video comparisons as "experiments" :)
where's the company with a name I recognize....idk like......GARMIN???
What about temperature shutdown limits.
Can you include the Vantrue N4 pro next time? A lot of channels have reccomended it
I appreciate the video but why the wacky voice? If that’s your real voice I apologize but I can’t imagine you order with that voice at say Cracker Barrel.
Where the fck is Garmin
Ive been using nexar. It has stopped recording to the sd card, but it still sends the vids to my phone when im done driving. Anyone else have experience with nexar?
Have you tried the wolf box g900 rear view mirror series line?
I wonder how the Garmin units would compare to those reviewed here.
What about motion detection?
Anyone else watching @3x the speed?  Cheers!
I’m looking for a review of battery powered pressure washers.  Have you done one yet ?
Have you tested a Vantrue dash cam
Is the Viofo easy to remove? I 've had 3 dash cams stolen and now I just remove them when I park.
Hi out there, I'm confussed as usual looking for front and rear dash cameras with easy install and the 24 hours surveillance and cheap if possible? Any help would be be genuinely appreciated. Regards Mark.
How do these compare to a Garmin ?
When you were testing, did you leave them out in the hot sun to see if that would effect operations like overheating or other malfunctions related to direct sun exposure for extended periods of time?  I live in Texas and ideally I don't want something that I have to take down every time I park my truck in the summer.
@ProjectFarm What dash cam would you recommend for my 2025 hrv sports since it does not have any cigarette lighter plug?
Hey this might be expensive but can you please do a comparison of thermal cameras? I'm curious if the AliExpress models are decent, fluke charges 6000 usd while they cost less than 200 also fluke has a model for 500 that attaches to the phone, I'm curious for a new plumbing business can I use the cheaper cameras
Have you tested any of the cameras for heat resistant inside vehicles ??I just got a Rove and it act up if the car is really hot
Why is his voice modulating in Frequency   ¿¿¿¿
Can you do fishing reels.?
Why is it everything that we buy in the United States is made? in China, Mexico, Canada or Vietnam?  So we are unable to make anything in this country anymore. That is really sad.
Is no one going to mention the flaw in your rating system‽ 🤔  Seriously great analysis - very thorough and practical - but your headings say you're rating 1-5, and your actual ratings go all the way to 11. I figure someone so dedicated to doing it well would want to know. Thanks for your efforts!
i have a question about one of the scenes in the video, where i saw the same truck pass in all the cam scenes, did you have all the cams on the dashboard at the same time, or one by one for each drive by ...?
Does uploading the video to youtube affect the resolution?   because sometimes when you say the license plates are readable, I struggle to read the license plates.
How does the viofo 2k cam with sony starvis 1  have a better picture then the rove 4k with sony starvis 2 ?????     Please explain
Why not Viofo mini 2? It has WIfi, App and voice control. It also has Starvis 2 imx675.
Are there any dash cams not made in china?
I like what you're doing and appreciate the work that goes into! no hate but man I hope I'm the only one that gets triggered by the way you read the script. Is this your normal voice? Can you use less ''and'' when explaining results and always using ''and this and this'' ;'' and this and that'' .. . Also the flat tone and quick / high pitch voice makes me want to just mute and jump to the graphs. Sorry for the negative feedback, hope you dont take it wrong ...I do love the content !
Do you have a comparrison on mini-splits?  Like how well they cool and heat?
Is there any that isn't made in china?
Why is your voice so damn high?
You clearly just picked a few from a single store, and didnt even bother to pick the industry leaders at all price points.. whats even the point of this review when all the best for your buck are missing?  VANTRUE N4 Pro, VIOFO A329, wolfbox x5 and many others I cant remember on top of my head...
How does the Ring Car Cam compare?
Can you compare the viofo to nextbase 522
Can you test white noise machines ?
Did you use the same sd card in eac h of the cameras, in each of the tests?  The quality and read/write speed can make a huge difference.  I you did not, these tests are NWAS.
Do any of these cameras offer a Sentry Mode similar to Tesla's cameras that will record when it detects someone hear the car?
viofo? miofive? nextbase? 70mai? thinkware? blackvue? any actually good dashcams?
No Thinkware? My wife has the REDTIGER and it’s been pretty good.
Do the people in the red house think that you are crazy?
How about Vantrue?
How much higher can your voice go?  I have viofo 4K and its amazing
If you do this sort of test again, might you consider a control of sorts for each test?  Could you, for instance, slap a phone camera into the car and run each test?
Is there any high quality, sepearate, rear facing camera that can compare to the volfo if bought?
hi great video as always . but what about blackvue what about thinkware?
Was there a reason why Thinkware was not included in this test. Would a great follow-up since they claim to be a leading brand in the dash cam industry. Ideally, it should be thinkware vs the top three from this video.
What cars have a cigarette lighter in them still?
Would you be interested in doing a video on night vision goggles? I'd love to see that. Maybe even toss in some vintage models to compare to new tech. There's tons of different features to test too like video recording quality, low light performance, daytime performance,  ect. Just a thought I had....
We need a bandaid test. The plastic one you put on your thumb is the last one i would reach for, but maybe its better?  I have absolutely no clue how you would test it. Adhesion dry and wet. Removal pain. Water resistance. Absobancy of the pad. Might be a starting point lol
Where is 70mai and Xiaomi???????
Why no Garmin X310 and HIKVISION?
How are you doing today? I am doing pretty good myself.
did you do solar portable power station comparation?  it is becoming very popular now
WHY ARE YOU YELLING???? Love your videos, and understand it's A LOT of work, I thank you A LOT for that! But I really hate the yelling, mate.
I just skimmed through this, can somebody tell me why the Wolfbox didn't rank higher in the end? I saw one point in the middle where it beat the Viofo...
16:09  when did you shoot this video?? $2.69⁉️⁉️ a gallon ⁉️⁉️🤦🏻‍♂️ I can’t believe how cheap that gas was! 🥹🖖🏼🇺🇸
What are you on?
I know that doing high end dash cam comparisons could be cost prohibitive, when you are buying all of them with your own money and multi camera systems can be over $500, but is there any chance that you will be doing such a video in the future?  I'm looking to install such a multi camera dash cam system to my truck in the near future, so I've started shopping around and looking for reviews and comparison videos.  Thanks for the content you provide.
What are these brands? Never heard of any of them.
Is that all? Isn't there anything else better than these? I see there are $300 ones on Amazon. Please include all of them in next video.
ProjectFarm doing the Lord's work.  Thank you!!  What size microSD card storage do you recommend for avg daily commuter who drives less than 1hr per day?
Question:  How hard is it to disable the wifi and GPS functionality of these chinese devices?  For that matter, why the hell does a dashcam need wifi?
Could a Used Go Pro, work?
Why no xiaomi dashcams? Hope you make a part 2, some dashcams have newer versions.
Did you miss puberty?
Can you do a video about the best glasses for Blurry Vision?   Thanks ! Watching from the caribbean
Should have also checked heat resistance
Suggestion? Who makes the best affordable quality TRAIL CAMERAS? Thank You Kind Regards. Great video 👍
Did you take a picture of your vehicle with ALL The dashcams attached? How many did you setup at the same time? I'm hoping you just had an entire window full of them!  Either way, thanks for the great review. Something to keep in mind even with "good" dash cams is how susceptible to temperature they are. Where I live even name brand ones seem to die with regularity due to the heat inside cars.
$120.00 US as the top price for any dash cam seems cheap.  CDN prices are in this range also but they can hit $400+. How about a review of the high end ones?
Have you thought about USA made wrench showdown?
What kind of cameras do cop cars use? I’m sure they are pretty good.
Have you done a review on best cellular security cameras ? Would like to see that!!
How about Air purifiers? I’d like to see a video on that!
Does the Viofo come with an SD CARD? If not, what is recommended?
I wonder how many gatorades he goes through when recording the voice over for these videos.
What is the best dash cam with no gps or wifi and no app?
Why not test popular models like BlackVue and 70mai? :-)
*_Can you test out the 360 dash cams?! Theres some that also stay on overnight thay can run without the car being on._*
what settings did you use in the viofo?
No Garmin?  Garmin is all I use now.
Scotty Kilmer got 2 channels??
Question: How do you keep having the same cars in cross traffic and oncoming traffic?  Were you testing all the cameras at once?  I can understand that to be sure the lighting conditions were the same. Just curious.
would you be able to do a review on using a GoPro or Gopro like camera as a Dashcam
where did you get that voice?
do you think the rove or red tiger is the better overall pick? ive seen more bad reviews for the redtiger in terms of longevity, having a hard time deciding between the two.
If I use a windshield cover will it damage the dashcam?
All of those dash and have horrible image quality. Why can’t there be a dashcam that puts out image quality like a GoPro?
why not look at viofo's best camera the A229Pro, as well as the 2 top cams on the market, the Thinkware U3000 and BlavVue DR970x - the other cams mentioned in this review are utter garbage and everybody who knows anything about dashcams would know it.
Geeze, could you maybe bring your voice down an octave?
Hey Todd, how about doing one on bread machines? Lots of home bread makers could use a good review of a bread machine
Would be nice to see how it compares to modern smartphone camera 😊
is it me but i cannot see the model number /name of the cams only the make
Can we get a video for Body cameras?
@projectfarm what's your take on the VIOFO Dash Cam A119 V3 vs the VIOFO Dash Cam A119 Mini 2? Which would be a better option in your opinion?
can you do this with cams on $200 - $300 price range? and also compare it to the viofo? also I do like all this videos they are great information thanks
Could you do a video of the rear view mirror cameras?
Where is he getting these coupons?
so do you have all these cameras on the windshield at one time? cause that truck seems to pass you at the same spot each time..
Where's the test of surviving a year of Texas heat?  For that matter, could you look through the instruction manual and rule out the ones with idiotic bits like "do not leave in direct sunlight?"
Which one should I get?
Were all the cameras mounted at the dash and all videis shot once? Cause I saw the same truck at these timestamps: 10:21 10:44 11:04 11:15 11:27 11:43 11:55 12:08 12:22  Or is it just me? 🤔
With all the different brands, who makes the best and most truthful car battery inverter?
Is there anything NOT made in China??
Wow y'all are paying 2.69 a gallon? I'm jealous, I just filled up last night here in Eugene Oregon, it was 3.75 a gallon for regular. Oregon, and Eugene both put additional taxes on gas.
Unfortunately these are the lower ends of dashcams. Would you be doing better brands or higher valued dashcams?
How about some car audio testing??? Especially the lithium battery's there are some comapany's selling wolf ticket's..
Just wondering, I know there is like a million of these dash cams. how did you go about selecting your certain ones to test out for this specific segment?(Appreciate all your videos, thanks in advance)👍
How about a vid on the best oil catch pan?
I bought the Viofo camera and it records ok but I can't watch the videos. is there a special software I need? with my old cameras the videos play I'm running Windows 7 and I don't want to upgrade to 10 or 11. Thanks! Jim
17:33  If ranking is only 1=excelent to 5 = poor how come there are numbers that are as high as 11?
Best reusable ice packs for a cooler?
What happened to Thinkware dashcams?
Can we get another tape measure video please? Dewalt 25' atomic compact included?
Can we see an electric lawn mower video for us looking to switch to an electric home lawn mower?
Which one works well in the backseat or bedroom...asking for a friend
What about the type that are mirrors
So the other day I bent a very quality oil filter wrench trying to remove a hydraulic filter. Would you do a comparison of slip jaw, band, and socket removal tools?
How in the world they come up with these names lol
How about a test of vinyl protectant, like 303 vs Collinite vs Meguiar's. Something I would love to know what works best.  Thanks
can you run your dash cams strictly on "interval recording" mode? 100ms 200ms 500ms etc...? what's the difference between regular recording and interval recording option?
Do home security cameras next!
Could you do a review of pump garden sprayers? I want max range. For a medium sized tree.
I have a 2024 GMC pickup, I has no plug in like a cigarette lighter plug, Wonder if there are any out there that use a USB plug for power?
Where and how can I receive this information without having to listen to you yelling like a fool being chased?!?
Did you do one on scratch awls and nail pullers? I am having to buy all the tools again that  I had collected over the years.
I'm looking for some new tin snips so I looked to your reviews and didn't find one.  Can you do a review of snips for us?
Any thoughts on the Rexing brands? From anyone's perspective. Did you review any of them in another video, possibly? Both Wolfbox and Rexing have Mirror mounted cams. Do you have any thoughts?
Is it worth buying 2 for the rear?
Hi, great comparison,   cuestion: how about the KAWA D10 Dash CAM 4K  with  Sony STARVIS IMX415 ? thanks
@ProjectFarm Would you be able to do a video on after market backup cameras?
Awesome video! How about a robot vacuum comparison? With  a home vs shop focus? Does a robot vacuum even exist that could clean a shop floor? I am curious! I have bought a few over the years and been very disappointed with each one.
Can you do an ice chest video please!
Does it possible to have Pipe grip pliers test? For example Knipex 41-04-250, I am looking for one to remove structed 1/4 valve in bathroom.
Robotic Mowers? Luba 2 and Ambrogio Elite seem to have best build qualities and they're boundary less
No Thinkware or Stinger OPSIS?
Question/idea.  Prior to reviewing more products maybe you should consider creating a website where you post the type of product you will review and ask the viewers for inputs on which make/models to review?    I love your channel but sometimes you review make/models I would never purchase.
Why does it sound like he's reading an *AI Script* ? Very weird grammar. -1
With what we pay for car insurance these days, even just liability, it makes dash cams look cheap.  What's the point of insurance if you don't have evidence of whatever happened?
Would it be possible for you to do a test comparing multiple brands of Concrete/Brick screws. Maybe even add in some resin anchors to test their strength vs. the screws too.
What about the Garmin dashcams
Can you test premium 2 cycle oils for chainsaws and small engines. I have many brands such as echo, klotz, stihl, husqvarna, and walmart supertech! I specifically like there twc3 marine oil due to price! My dmall engines love that thinner oil.
Off topic but... Has this channel ever done a test to see if touching halogen bulbs with your bare fingers actually shortens the bulb's life?
Can you please do a wireless carplay video
Can you review car/4x4 spotlights
Anyone know why dashcams will start to not record over the oldest clips after the SD card is full?  Several of mine started doing this after a year or so...the workaround is to format the card when I notice it's not recording due to being full.
I haven't heard of any of these brands. How come a Nextbase camera wasn't tested? I'm not saying it's better but it's a much more well known brand.
Have you tested drill bit sharpeners
Strongest nail gun nails are they all the same? Do brands and size differ? Do shanks differ ring, screw ir smooth? DeWalt vs Paslode vs all other
I'm in search of a home security camera. Is there an impending test?
Speaking of dashcam how about testing inspection scope or bore scopes?
Who makes the dash cams for cops?
How about a video about smoke detectors? Which one is best in real life residential situations etc?
Can you do a video on transfer tank fuel pumps? It seems like fill rite is not as good as it once was..      THANK YOU for saving us tons of money!!!!!!!!
How about testing which outdoor cameras are the best? With the rise of crime in our society more and more people are going to want to buy cameras to watch their house, but may not know which one to get. How about testing that?
What about 4 camera 360 coverage systems with audio?
No thinkware to review ?
Awesome Video as usual, I've been looking to get a dashcam for a while now but with so much garbage on amazon its hard to know what to choose, thanks for making my life easier, Viofo it is, now here  is my question if you see this. that Viofo is the A119 v3, is the A229 the upgraded verion?
So... the driving scene.... did you have all of those cameras hooked up at the same time? Seeing that white pickup in every camera, lol i can guess what that guy was thinking when he saw like 7 different dash cams lol
How about a video on modular tool box systems like the Milwaukee Packout? Test things like durability, weight capacity. Ability to roll over obstacles/uneven ground, ease and strength of attachment, and number of options and modules available.
What the heck are these cameras? This is damn bad in my opinion, for every one of then, but maybe just to capture a accident could be enough? I don't know, it bothers me hahaha
Do a review of  blind spot monitors.
Awesome video! helped me choose can appreciate..... Quick question now that spring and summer is arriving can you do a video for best fan jacket and see if they really keep you cool in hot temperatures?? Would appreciate it thankx!!!
How many Red Bulls did you drink before the Review? 😂 No diss,  great video.
Van Tru.  Is that a brand?  Seems like that is one that a lot of folks get.  Thanks for the great content.
can we get a fuel tank sealer comparison  lol will prolly already have it done but id still watch just to see that i picked wrong
How about a review of wireless backup cameras.
Have you ever done a video on “item finders “  AirTags? Tiles ? Eufy,etc I’m really wondering about the depth effectiveness  of them all.
Can you please compare more expensive models and up to date ones? I've gone through a few cameras myself. So far I've loved my Wolfbox G900.
if possible, please review 4channels dash cams. i'm under the impression of the quality of the front footage is compromise when more camera were use simultaneously. if it is the case, which 4channel dash cam would be best? thanks.
Maybe a 3d printer review?   There are plenty of YouTube channels, but maybe pick like 4 or 5 printers at $500 and $1000 (or close to those price points) and compare prints of various brackets and mounts (3 to 5 prints) using the default settings for those printers using 3 common filaments like PLA, ABS, PETG and maybe carbon fiber (swap out as desired or from community feedback). Measure the average room temperature over those prints (in case of poor heat retention from the enclosures), the amount of particulates in the air (especially for stuff like ABS), wear on the nozzle and or drive gears (estimation of common wear part life cycle), energy consumption (measuring efficiency of the hot end and heated bed), and maybe a subjective assessment of their software. Its less for a technical review of a printer and more of a practical use for people who primarily just download existing models for various projects (mounting brackets, car part fixes, furniture modifications, etc) and aren't really into doing their own design work and just need the printer to work as is. Would also be really fun to see some printers run off a generator!
How about how hard are they to install?
Who thinks of the names for these things?
I just bought a utility trailer with a wood deck, what is the best weather sealing treatment for the wood? Is it polyurethane or tung oil, Thompson water seal, motor oil? Some type of epoxy or resin? I would love to know what has the best durability/uv resistance, weather resistance etc.
I've been on the lookout for a dash cam and had been leaning towards Viofo. Thank you for this! Do you know if the link provided will give you credit if I buy a different product on the Viofo page?
Question: what about Blackvue? Weren't they the standard a few years ago?
Can you do a video on automatic wire strippers? As an electrician they really help with fatigue, there are many different styles, I just dont know which one offers the best action, with the least resistence and the most consistent results, the irwin ones I have now are over a year and a half old but theyre on their last leg. Love the channel, been watching for years! I always check you before making a tool purchase
Did you do an ai voice over?
Good grief is there anything NOT made in China!?
I wonder how many Viofo dash cams have been sold in the last two days... mine is coming tomorrow.
Did you have all the dashcams on your car at the same time? Lol
Thanks for the video! How about reverse cameras??
Will you test Valvoline's Restore and Protect oil? It has some pretty wild claims and all the other videos I have watched don't properly test it as well as I think you would.
"viofo", which one? unlike many other on the list they are a legit brand and have quite a list of different models including 3 channel with 4k front and rear cameras (for the appropriate price of course), so it is not really a fair comparison, and yes, I am using viofo a229 myself with 4k front and 2k rear.
I'm Just Curious About How You Mounted, And Plugged In All 11 Cameras At Once.   What Did The "Camera Mount" Looked Like ?  🤔
Why didn't you test the market leaders?
May be if you can add one more scenario to test at 45-50/55 speed limits it will help a lot as people tend to go that 5-10 mph extra speed. Thanks again
This is just video. How about ADAS and BSD? GPS/speed? Audio warnings? Voice commands?
The VIOFO shows a max temp of 65C (149F). Do you know if that is an operating or storage temp?  Cabin temp in texas summer can exceed that by a fair bit when parked outside. Will the camera just shutdown, or will it be damaged?
What about thinkware dash cams
I wonder how the dashcams offered by garmin compare to these
Does any company sell a truly wireless dashcam setup where the rear and any other auxiliary cameras are connected to the main unit wirelessly? With side curtain airbags and other safety devices it’s very difficult to run a cable from the front to the back especially in SUVs. Thanks in advance.
Can you please do shower head filters next?
Can you do spray foam insulation tests?
what about the important part which is - video playback
No name brands?
What about heat. I live a sunny state. Which one did the best with high temperatures.
Holy Camoly, what is that annoying voice you are doing now?
Would you be able to do a carpet shampooer review?
For future ideas, have you ever tested torquing screwdrivers?
Is there some Goated individual that can leave some timestamps for me
Anyone else find it odd that no dash cams are made by brands we've all heard of? Why don't Sony,  Samsung or Panasonic make any of these? Why are they all companies that sound like they were started last week and will be gone next week?
Is this the 1st product that he has tested where nothing got destroyed? Where's the carnage?  just kidding. Great video.
What about real brands like Garmin or Cobra? We don't care about these chinese brands on Amazon.
Why did you choose these brands?
Question... do any of these dash cams send video to mobile phone? E.I. someone pulls in front of you from another lane and they are so close you rear end them. A video able to download to mobile phone would show not your fault.
Great video as always Project Farm. Here's a request for another video...What do you think about doing a comparative video about double edge safety razor blades? These are the blades used for shaving before the multi-blade cartridge blades came into existence. There are different brands made all over the world like Feather (Japan), Merkur (Czech Republic), Astra (Russia), Personna (USA), Derby (Turkey), Dovo (Germany) to name a few. You could test things like sharpness, corrosion resistance, how easily the blades dull, subjective test for closest shave and irritation rating, or similar tests from your other knife videos.
Who else knew the Viofo was going to win?
Could you please make video about surge protector outlets ? Thank you for your great videos
How about best performing highend/ expensive dash cams
Gawd you should like a 1970s used car ad. What's with the frantic voice?  Cannot continue watching this.
Can you do lithium boat batteries?? PLEASE!
Will you please do a video comparing affordable thermal cameras? Thanks for your videos, man! You're my go-to before I make a purchase!
Where is the Garmin?  I have had my Garmin for over 15 years and its video looks better than all of those shown here.
can you please do high end cameras also
Can you please do a gasoline additive test? Cleaning / performance / direct injection engines?
Why does it sound like 2 people are talking at once? :D The pitch change in one sentence is wild :D
I need a Camara with a rear cam as well. Suggestions? Thank you.
These camera's look interesting and if you did a lot of driving would be really worth having.  Have you done hand held vacuums such as Black and Decker and Duck Horsepower? There are a lot of others, some are stick vacuums that split to hand held and even have long cords which probably have more power and last longer then battery operated.
i was a viofo owner it was amazing as a videos quality & app features except it cant handle hot weather it shut down & the worst part is it doesn't run up again after temperature go down afternoon! & it was turned off for days until i notice it then i have to turn it on manually, it was happening again & again until i had to return it with refund. i want to know if they fixed this issue with a new model?
Why is 1 best and 5 worst?  That’s the opposite of how ratings work anywhere ever.
Why no 70mai or other quality brands, and only these crap cameras that made the viofo look great?
why do you mostly test only cheap stuff that most dont consider buying instead of a spread of quality/price?
Another great review. I'm just a bit confused, however, as Viofo has 6 different models on Amazon, A119 V3, A119 Mini 2, A129 Pro Duo 4K Dual Dash Cam, A229 Pro 3, A229 Plus and A329. Exactly which Viofo did you test? It would help if you include model numbers in your reviews. Thanks for all the hard work you put into these videos! I really appreciate your efforts.
Thanks for the video sir. I know you pay for all the equipment you review, but I was wondering if you can do a part 2 of this? This one being a more "budget friendly" review.🙏  A range of $150 to $300 would be nice and be a sweet spot for most consumers in the market. Almost all the cameras below $100 are bound to be terrible or not be the best bang for your buck (Bad resolution, bad night time, low storage, no bundled cameras, etc.).
Will a car run with water? Will it run with olive oil? Will it run with soap? WELL LETS FIND OUT👍🫡
I could imagine the neighbours staring out the window wondering why this vehicle has gone by for the 20th time; or were all cams setup on the dash like the mic podium at a presser? xD Awesome work btw.
really appreciate your work. could you let me know what the  $114 Viofo model was that you used in the Truth About Dash Cams? Thanks, Riff
Nice and a very well done video, but why are you shouting so loud?
How about radar detectors video???????
How did you manage to get the exact same white minivan to drive in the opposite direction on the highway and the pickup truck to turn left in front of your test vehicle? Were they all part of your team? The time it would take to film one cam after the other would alter the light conditions as the sun was setting. Please answer.
What about a comparison of safety earmuffs or earmuffs that have a radio/blue tooth capabilities?
Would you review some inspection cameras from stand-alone ones like ICON and milwaukee to ones that plug in to a smart phone?
Were any of the tested cameras, not from China?
Did I miss something? No Garmin?
Do one for android auto head units!
Any Korean, Tiawanese, or Japanese dashcams?
How did you determine which ones to test? That viofo model was released in q3 2016, they have a q4 2024 model.
did you have the VIOFO polarising filter installed ? (they call it CPL) - i see you can get the A119 Viofo with or without it - what did your test use ? the results were phenomenal!
What happen to vantrue dashcams? Those are pretty popular ;(
How did you mount all these cameras to get the same point of view, same time of day with all of them at once?  Not doubting results, just thinking about logistics of mounting this many.
Can you do a video on cold air intakes? There are 2 camps now: 1 that sucks in hot air around the engine bay and lie about it and the other that cost 4 times as much to not suck hot air just like the OEM air box does. What's the point
Could you review steam cleaners?
How do you feel about people who put clear/smoked plastic license plate covers that inhibit the clarity and reflective properties.  These cars can cause accidents and get away with it even if caught on dash cam.
I’ve got a question, did you get the video capture from streaming through an app or from the SD card directly? They usually have better quality off the SD card directly
But who uses one and why?
0:27 did you take off the plastic from the lens?
I don't suppose you ride motorcycles? Cameras do funny things from their vibrations. That would be an interesting test with new benefits and case needs.
What about Blackvue Camera? They are expensive but are they worth the money?
Hey PF. Can you do a comparison between microphones? Which can pick up sound better and which can record closest to real voice tone...
How did the same pickup truck come around the corner for nearly all the sunset tests?
How about differences in def fluid brands?
Is there a dash cam that has a 1/4" threaded mount on the bottom?  I don't like things that stick to windshields.  They can come off when you don't want them to or be difficult to remove when you do.  I prefer to use a weighted beanbag type base.
Where do they come up with the names??? I have a Garmin Mini 2. I love it
how about viofo vs gopro 5
Hi . Can you COMPARE THE  " OPTI GRILL "  WITH OTHER COOKERS .. IT COOKS FOOD PERFECTLY.. FROM RARE TO MEDIUM TO WELL DONE .. ITS COLOR CHANGING . REALLY COOL ..👍👍 CAN YOU FIND A BETTER ONE .. ?? Thank You 👍
What about a Garmin dash cam? That's what I use.
Do you have a witness? Yes your honor, according to recordings obtained from coolcrazy,
Could you do a test on body cams please, like your stuff
You have very informative videos, but do you need to scream in every video?
Did your really drive around with 11 dash cams stuck to your window at the same time... I low key wanna see a picture of the windshield with them all up
Could you please review pillows?? I only trust your honest reviews.
is it possible to just buy an actual small camera and mount it the same way? not sure if it can help with the video quality
In the final table, if ratings go from 1 to 5, what do 6 to 11 ratings mean?
Another excellent video!!   Viofo for the win!  Todd's Neighbors probably:  Look, look, look, look, Earl, what the hecking heck is he doing now?  He just keeps driving by back and forth.  That man has lost it I tell you hwhat! LOL
Wondering - Best waterproofing (Scotch-guard ?) product for sneakers / boots...
Can you do a video on car drying towels?
Where is the ventrue brother? We use these in our cars, they are little pricey, but.. man, let me tell you that police were amazed a few times when we needed it for them! Try it out at some point in the future, viewers won’t regret it!
No 70mai cams? 4k video with internal battery and GPS…
So, were all the cameras mounted at the same time for the road test?
Wait 2.69 for gas? We're $1 more
Great review. One thing I noticed you didn’t take into account was the angle of the lens. Can the performance of the Viofo be put down to the narrow angle? How important is the angle? With the Viofo you get the best picture, but maybe miss something important if there was a crash because you are losing 30 degrees compared to the other top performers?
Anything better than these ?
Wheres the bluegrass band remix of 'The Rove is on the Left and the Wolfbox is on the Right'?
How did you know I needed a Dash cam ?   You should do manufacture commercials for the brands you recommend.
Not sure if it’s possible or maybe already been posted but I’d love to see best wireless and wired soldering irons. Your videos are seriously helpful. Thank you. Question pretty much all dash cams use the same wiring so essentially if you have an aftermarket one installed I could swap it out for and upgraded one without running new wires ?
Why weren’t Garmin cameras included?  I’m considering a Garmin 67w.  Thanks love your content.
Which cam had the best audio? Best GPS?
I wonder what he does with all of these products he reviews. Like, are they just stored somewhere or does he resell them or something? He's gotta have like 200 drills.
Why did you leave out the very popular 70Mai?
Not surprised to see Viofo on top. Next time could you test the cameras in the hot, cold, and maybe some kind of simulated crash? Doesn't matter if you have the best image quality if it overheats on a summer day or doesn't work in the cold or worst of all doesn't capture your crash on an impact. I've heard the cheap ones will fail in this regard.
How about a ferro rod fire starter showdown? 💥🔥
Anyone like the wolfbox brand? If so what model would you recommend? Have a VIOFO for my daily but want a wolfbox for a rear view camera since one of my vehicles is not equipped with one
Anyone have any experience with those rear view mirror dash cams that double as a back up camera from Amazon? It simply clips over your rear view mirror
Why you get a trash dashcam there? Look for DDPAI AND 70mai try those
No garmin? I always get comments on good quality of image for garmin 57
I know there are hundreds of dash cam options out there. but maybe a round two including comparisons with action cams as well? Also, some brands like Sylvania offer dash cams as well available at part stores.
Can we get a video on the best 14” Diamond saw blades?
Bro, did you drive around with a dozen dashcams on your windshield?
"Who the hells been talking this entire time?"
Can you do a video on the best automatic window washing machines? 🪟
Is a go pro or something comparable good to use as a dash cam ?
I wonder if there is any pancake air compressors that stand out. Thanks for what you do!
Can you test oscillator blades? Can't seem to find a good one that's durable. Thank you for all your videos :)
Can you do please one for Trail Cams ??
My issue is being in Arizona, the heat kills dashcams in one summer. Do you know what the temperature rating is on the top performing units?
Can you compare hose reels
why are'nt we testing premium dashcams?
Can you test difference between stock intake vs sports intake
New video idea: Best Oil Filter!!! You’ve done lots of oils but what filter do I choose?
Have you looked at the wolfbox with front & rear camera built into a rear view mirror with Sony cameras
Why are the top brands (Cobra, Garmin, Thinkware, Blackvue) not reviewed in this video? The 'TEMU Top Ten' are nothing most would even consider.
Can you review this top 2 brands BlackVue DR970X 2ch plus  vs Viofo A329 and maybe this budget friendly Miofive S1.
Were all cameras tested at the same exact time of day? It appears that way
Hey Todd! Are you at the games this year? Hope your finger is okay. What happened?  How would you figure out if a suggestion is useful? For a lot of us, money is a huge issue. Do you think it would work to put the dollar number beside the name? So that way I can ignore those not in budget. It's hard to remember the name already without referencing to the charts. Need it real time.  I wonder too how you chose this selection and narrowed it down
... Englander here, What exact Viofo Daahcam model ?.
Love your reviews! Can you do security cameras at some point also?
can you do this same comparison on $200-$500+ options such as Blackvue?
Thank you for posting such a detailed and helpful video! I truly appreciate the effort you put into explaining everything so clearly. My vehicle doesn't have a cigarette lighter port, so I was wondering if you could recommend a dash camera that can be powered using a 12 volt or USB port instead?
Can someone explain why the cameras with the Starvis 2 sensor performed worse than the Viofo with the older Stavis sensor?  And does that mean the newer models of Viofo with the Starvis 2 sensor aren't as good?
what about camera's that are 300-600, think called blackvue
now which one will work after 3 months?
None have a night vission option do they?
What about the higher end cameras?
Best shovels? Blade resistance to chipping or denting, rust resistance, ergonomics and weight maybe?
No Rexing?? Love this channel but that's a big brand to leave out.
Very good reviews, but why you're always jelling ? You can talk normally 😇
Why would my previous comment be deleted? Cool... I guess I'll be moving on and I'll just stop watching this channel's content. I said absolutely nothing wrong- nothing that YouTube would flag and censor with a bot, so it would have to be manually removed by whoever is running your channel.
Is it just me or does the "Miden" footage give me a headache ? it's very unsettling.
Did you have all the cameras on the car at the same time because the same cars on each camera  📷?
Do one on constant adjustable power supplies.  Or Best Portable 20L Air Compressors and Sand Blasters.
Could you do spark plug brands and or engine air filters brands I wanna know if K&N is really worth 70$ lol
I stumbled upon your channel a month ago and I have binge watching all your videos. You provide amazing feedback with no bias. I have bought a handful of items from your videos and pleased with all of them.   Would it be possible for shower head reviews? I am renting with city-water and the pressure isn’t the best, I have tried recommendations but didn’t work out,   Thanks again for all the time and effort you put into your videos
Why testing sg Shitty viofo a119 instead of very good a139pro or a329 ??
Would've been nice to have a Garmin dash cam in the test ... wondering why Garmin wasn't tested?
Security cams next?
i need a dash cam for my motorcycle which should i buy? weather resistant and such matters?
Why no Garmin?
Hey PF, since you’re working on cameras, can you do endoscopes/inspection cameras? Thanks!
Amazon recommends a new model (mini 2) of the V3 you tested. Would you recommend or is the v3 still better?
Is it anyone with no cord ?
I wonder how you looked like from afar with all those dashcams installed all at the same time.   Paranoid about insurance fraud I guess...
How about the fact it turns you into an entitled poor driver because you think you have a camera to prove your actions were justified…
Can it handle heat, and does it support the MicroSDXC bus speed for FHD and 4k. Heat will reboot and lag most. Also they all loop-overwrite for continuous recording
Are there any that aren't made in china?
IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR A DASH CAM ALL MONTH AND PROJECT FARM MAKES A VIDEO ON THEM THAT APPEARS IN MY RECOMMENDED?? Thanks 🙏
Would you do a review on Portable Work lights? Also a video on Shower Heads would be cool too!
why no Garmin tested? I've always heard that they have some of the best dash cams out/
I absolutely love the consistency in your testing, i always feel i can trust the ratings. I do always wonder how long on average does a video take to make? And also I'd guess you work on multiple videos at once?
What model is the Viofo? I'm finding a bunch of different models
A huge question that never gets answered in any review I watch for dashcams... does the date and time reset when the camera loses power? I've tested 4 different brands of dashcams recently and every single one of them does not have an internal button battery to preserve the onboard clock.
How did he get all the cameras at each point of test with same daylight
Can you do this again with more premium brand dash cams?
what about the Vantrue N4 Pro?
OK, I've got to know:  How do you come up with your tests?  While the execution of the tests is impressive as is your scientific method, what impresses me the most about these videos are the tests you conceive for these products.
good job as usual !! but where is the garmin ??
How about a comparison on laser measure tools. Tons out there, some i know are good, some i know are bad
Why are you yelling like a used car salesman?
Don't you know that you're supposed to cover the license plate with your finger?  Children may be on here!!  Oh the humanity!
Were they all filmed at the same exact time? Cause that Dodge and flatbed Chevy were in almost every shot
12:53 *Why does that look like low beams but the next ones look clearly like high beams?*  Compare the light height on the poles on approach overall, totally looks like completely different lights were used lol
Do the rear view mirror dashcams please!
Is your voice really as irritating as it is in this video?  Seriously
Where did this guy learn how to talk??
Couldn't this human voice be replaced with a pleasant AI voice?🤔
Where my garmin mini fam at? Idk what all this other junk is
how  does that same truck kept making a left hand turn in each camera test  10:17
WOW! How can you listen to that voice?
Can you test out which best for floor wash Mechine like the Dyson G1. Clean and watch together
11:36 Cool crazy is on the LEFT but RedTiger is on the RIGHT but you called it the Ovaman.  Which is correct?  We may never know.
Great video! I don't know if someone already asked, but do you have a picture of how the cameras were all set up in your vehicle? It looks like they were all set up at the same time and I bet that was a challenge to mount and power
will you do a video of comparison on premium or regular gas from different gas station, like shell, costco, sams club, chevron, mobil, etc TIA!!
This is awesome! Would you consider testing small clip on body cameras?
Great review! Would it be possible in the future to do a comparison of tire pressure monitors? 4, 8 10 channels? Thanks!😎
Is it possible to match the Viofo up against big name brands like BlackVue and Thinkware? I'm a long time buyer of BlackVue for their quality and features but their cameras are much more expensive than the Viofo and from these tests the Viofo looks about on par with my footage
Wtf with the squeeky voice? Balls never dropped ? Too much tofu?
I wonder how the viofo would fair against big brands like garmin
What’s wrong with your voice?
did you consider taking any 4k and 1080 photos with a cell phone or decent camera?  Even at 1080, the quality of the lens can affect the quality of the photo.  At 4K, it is critical.
Did you compare the manufacturers of the SOC for each camera? Maybe Novatech? There might only be 1 or maybe 2 dash cams in that group, hence why they all suck. Any idea who makes the CMOS sensors?
Are there any made in the USA ?
Would like to know if all the cameras was positioned in the same spot on each test or were they all in the window at the same time which to me with throw off some of the viewing
Anyone else think that the people who come up with some of these company names are the same people who come up with the names of prescription medications that you see in television commercials?
Can the narrator squeak a little louder when he speaks? Geee!
How about a video on best - budget android autos?
Can you rate all the bottle jacks
Hi Todd, I wonder if you ever do another dashcam showdown, can you wrangle Cousin Eddie to drive a car head on, so you can test the performance of the cameras reading license plate while in motion (maybe, day/night, varying speeds or turns?). My main use case for a dashcam is just in case for accidents like hit and run and be able to read the offending car's license plate, so being able to see the plate while freeze motion is important. (higher FPS helps).
How about some quality ones for a part 2 video?
Maybe I'm watching too many 'bad cop" videos but do any of these allow for instant upload of video so that it is not just stored on an SD card or phone?  In the case of a phone confiscation and attempted break-in, or even destruction of the phone?
Question: since the Viofo only goes one direction, can the app receive streams from multiple cameras, if you were to purchase 2 or more?
WHAT ABOUT VIEW ANGLE? First cam I bought advertised 140degrees, but reality was below 100degrees --- which is rather useless, as you'll either miss entire incidents, or crucial parts thereoff. My second advertised 170degrees and was close enough... I think I rather have an unsharp video that proves I didn't cause an accident, than one that shows the numberplate of the other car involved but doesn't establish what happened.  Too late to add such info? As you stated, often difference between advertized info and manufacturer's info.
Hey PF, how about a test about cars tires? 😤 which the best for the money?
Why are you yelling at me about dashcams?
Any chance you could do a comparison of dual mic voice recorders?
Which model of the Viofo? I’m in Canada and Amazon prices are all over the place and they advertise 2k and 4K but 4K they want over $300-400 Can.
Summerskill is a strange name to name a street😂 is that summer skill or summer's kill? 😂
Can you add a rank for name absurdity?
Can i make a request to review security cameras. Cheers! Keep up Gods work
really non that are 4g enabled? or 360? Like the wyze cam? or the secure 360?  Why all the aliexpress brands and not some real ones>  I can tell before watching they will all be shit.
Can you do action cameras or maybe outdoor/doorbell style cams next
Will you be doing security settings?
Who comes up with these crazy product names ????😂😂😂
You guys don't have the chinese one? I think theu call it ddmai?
I'm searching for a cheap but decent action cam for my rides with bycicle and motorcycle, can you do a video about it?
Why didn’t you do a GoPro? It’s not the best especially for like the dash cam
Very complete video... have you ever considered using an AI voice?
On the street sign test were these all done on the same day? Some look darker then others.
How about doing a review on staple guns.
Why did I get unsubscribed? Please let your viewers know to check their subscription. Youtube is doing something weird.
Any chance you could compare it to the 70mai Omni 4k? It came out less than a week ago. Starvis 2.
Have you done a video in Mirror Dash cams yet?  It would be nice to see an unbiased review. So far, most of them are sponsored or have an affiliate link.
what software does he make thse charts with?
I wonder why you haven't considered 70mai in this review. They have several models.
What about of highly overpriced Garmins?
How to these compare to the Korean brands line Thinkware and Blackvue?
Can you do needle files? There's many versions of the same style set. Hard to tell which gives a good level semi-finish on polystyrene plastic. Particularly the flat.
Thank you for your awesome videos. I have a question on the dash cams. Were any of these tested powered by a capacitor instead of rechargeable battery?  I have found the capacitor models are much better in hot conditions when using them in a parked vehicle with the engine and A/C off and windows rolled up. Thanks again !
When I looked into dash cams, the problem I had was the ones that have good recording quality don’t have good response time to bumps when in parking mode.  They didn’t start recording or save the clip early enough to catch what made the bump.  I’d be interested to know if the winners in of these tests do any good with that.
did you remove front plastic cover on camera?
Are these all TEMU brands? I've seen better units for sale here in New Zealand. They might cost a bit more but the stuff you're showing looks like dollar store specials. All that said, you do a great job wading through tools etc of all sorts.
Anyone know anything about garmin or rexing dash cams?
How about a part 2 in which you test dashcams that aren't from OEM Chinees companies? I won't buy OEM Chinees.
is it better to get 4k 30fps or 2k 60fps? ive heard people saying 2k 60fps is easier to read signs/plates of moving stuff compared to 4k/30 🤔
May I add for a test if you possibly do a second part to dashcams: how temperature effects the cams. I have used several dashcams and there are time where it takes awhile to boot and some break or malfunctions at high heat.
Can you compare the winners to "High End" ones like Thinkware and Blackvue?
Why is your hand bigger than your head?😂
What about vanture?
Video idea. Did you ever test USB cables? It would be nice to see which USB 2.0 cable is best for max distance of 15ft/5m. USB 2.0 spec is max 5m. Test for audio and video performance, no dropped frames in video or clicks and pops in audio. thanks
What can you say about Fitcamx dash cam?
are you removing the lens protector on these cameras? looks like you maybe left it on?
Not sure if it’s been suggested before but best strap wrenches? I work in an industry where our pipes can’t have wrench marks so we have to use strap wrenches and I’d love to see which ones hold up the best with extreme temperatures on PVC coated rigid conduit!
I was going to buy one and found that with some you can't rewind and show to a cop at the scene of an accident.  They must be  uploaded on a computer first.  Also. There are many in the $ 200.00 range. Do you think you may test the more expensive ones in the future? Ones that are made for rideshare drivers with 3 cameras. One for front,  rear, and inside the vehicle.  Thanks,  love your hard work!
Where can you get unleaded at $2.69 it $4.25 in So. Cal. Lol
Is that your Back To The Future license plate? Nice!
I wonder how the best ones compare to a gopro or other action cams
Can you please do the same but for the rearview mirror cams?
Infrared thermometers?  Excellent video as usual!
For some reason my car does not have a DC outlet. What's a good dash that has either built in battery or a USB c charger connection ?
We need a heat test. How do they do on a dash in the heat of summer?
All want to know is where are they selling Diesel for $3.35 a gallon? I want to go there....
Where was that other one made?
I don't understand how the older Sony Starvis sensor is performing better than the Starvis 2. Is it only a processing problem, or is the newer sensor actually worse in this use case? I ask because Viofo's newest 4K webcam uses the newer sensor.
Nexar didn't make it to the list?
Did you even test an American made unit?
Can you review the dashcams that stick onto rearview mirrors?
You haven’t bought nexar dashcam yet?
How do i find out the best cam without watching 20 minutes
Can you add a couple Garmin dash cams next time
How long before automobile manufacturers start incorporating these as a factory option or standard equipment??
Why only testing crap, unknown Chinese brands? Basically a useless test.
Could you try 360 dash cams ? for internal safety too
Todd, How did you narrow down the field of 1000's cameras to this group? Too many out there on the interwebs!
Hey project farm do you have a video on what silverware resists rusting best? My dishwasher is rocking me
Am I THE ONLY one who FEELS LIKE everyone on YouTube TALKS LIKE THIS NOW to keep YOUR ATTENTION?
No 70mai? Shouldve reviewed the xiaomi lineup theyre the king for budget and great
are you able to tell us if these cameras used a capacitor or a battery? i live in phoenix and my understanding is that its better to use capacitor cameras because they can endure the high heat
If you make a second video can you include the 70mai brand? There are several models from that brand, I have the A500 Pro. It's very popular here in the Philippines. Thanks.
Are you intentionally among your voice sound annoying?   Just asking for a friend
What about an action sports camera (like a gopro) for a dashcam?
Have you considered decaf?
I would be the guy at his window wondering why a guy has come by 8 times and stopped 6 times, each time, at the stop sign. 😂 “Hey, buddy! Everything alright?!” 😂😂
Can we get a picture of what your windshield and dashboard looked like with all those cameras mounted on it?
could you also specifically test Dual/front+back dashcams ? ithink Viofo has a product too
So you have a front and rear cam but what about if you get hit from the side?
This is awesome I don't know how you would but have you ever thought about doing radar detectors?
Why is this man yelling at me?  Is this in infomercial?  Please stop
Can you do interactive sex toys/strokers next?
I'd be curious to see how the Viofo stacks up against Garmin and other brands. Round 2???
How about what product cleans lexan windows in heavy equipment the best.
What about the cameras that can plug into your radio, like JVC/Kenwood?
Can you look at aftermarket back up cameras?
Was I the only one thinking about what would be the excuse to the driving behavior to a cop staring at me from the vicinity?
if your deadset on the viofo, but also want a rear cam, what rear cam would go along nicely with the viofo??
Video suggestion: what tire brand is the best? All season vs winter vs summer, etc. Longest lasting. Best grip in rain, snow, debri, etc. This may be a hard and expensive test but well worth it imo. I think you did one for wipers before but if not it would be worth it
Where was gas only $2.69 a gallon??
Why would you get a dash cam instead of simply using a go pro as a dash cam powered by your car? Wouldn’t that give you better video?
How many hours does X GB card capture with each of these?
Can you do a socket set review?
Live stream ?  Battery ? And password codes
Where is the vantrue? This is a $300 to $400 camera, is the standard with Uber drivers.  Please do some research before you just run out and buy a bunch of stuff and then review it!
I have a Viofo dash cam with the Starvis sensor and my footage doesn't look as clear as yours. What program are you using to review the footage and can you share the camera settings from the viofo?
Any one have any insight in viofo's A119 mini with stravas 2 IMX675 sensor vs the A119 v3 (one in this video) with the stavas IMX335 sensor?
What about BlackVue?
Did you check settings for Auto Aperture, Contrast, Brightness?  Some do better with those off.
Best water leak sensors for basement and sinks?
Best house/well hard water filters?
Body cams next?
$2.69 a gallon ?....Costs  $40 more a tank full here in Commiefornia...
What about the software getting the video from your camera to your computer
What about motorcycle usability?
How about a review on quality brand name dash cams like Garmin etc instead of chinese branded ones
BlackVue options? Or just not in the appropriate price range?
Great test, as usual, but wait, why 70mai brand is not included in the test? Viofo and 70mai are pretty much long-standing golden standard in DVR.
Why is he always yelling at me? 📢
Anyone else think he should be a guest announcer on Jelle's Marble Runs?
I've been meaning to ask, how fast do you speed up your audio when doing videos? Keep up the great work
Great video as usual! What about doing one on dry film lubricant or tweezers?
Why does the narrator's voice go up one entire octave at the end of each sentence?
Weirdly, why doesn't established electronics makers ie: Sony, Pioneer, Samsung etc, make dashcams?? BTW, thank you for this video. 👍👍
May I suggest oscillating fans and/or box fans?
Can you do a review of action cams used as drive cams? Such as Gopro, Akaso, and afew other brands less expensive as gopro.  Thank you.
What internals do they use?   I read last year that most the china cameras use the same internals with different plastic exteriors.  ???
Could you do a wolfbox g900 review?
Can you do a premium dashcam comparison?  These are all so cheap/poor quality I wouldn’t even consider them. I have a Viofo the experience owning it has left me wishing I had gotten something nicer.
Love to see the tests! Just to make sure it's correct, on the wolfbox night test, you said 4th stopping point but the edit made it appear to be the third?   Thanks as always!
No Vantrue?  I'm not an expert, but this brand has been touted elsewhere as the leader in this category ....
No Thinkware or Blackvue?😢😢😢
What happened to your voice man? Sounds so much more high pitch. Honest question just sounds different.
Some of those usb ports are classics at this point, didn't know they made mini USB anymore.  I know it's unlikely but i was wondering if the camera with a claimed higher resolution might have been recording at a lower setting for some reason?
Would love to see how the top 3 stack up against something like an expensive garmin to see if the added cost is worth it or if the cheaper option is just as good
Can you do higher end dashcam testing to see if it’s worth spending the $400 to $800 on a dash cam. For example, Vantrue E360 vs Nextbase iQ 4K
I've been looking at dashcams for some time now and can't decide. Thank you for the video, but why not a Garmin camera? Especially the recent 4K Garmin dashcam?
is it me or is this guys voice pissing anyone else off??? Im just skipping around in the video and listening him for 5 seconds is way too long... I never thought I'd wanna stomp a mudhole in a stranger until just now
Could you review those precision electric screwdrivers? That would be pretty neat. Thanks!
So do you guys have one for the rear view as well?
No Korea branded dash cams like Thinkware?
CAN YOU DO A REVIEW OF SOLAR GENERATORS?
"Sir, why do you have 11 dash cams on your dash??" 😂 Great work as always, Todd!!
"911, what's your emergency?" This guy keeps circleing my neighborhood. 😂
Did someone cut your nuts off? Your voice keeps getting higher and squeakier. Extremely annoying.
would love to see the ViOFO and RedTiger go up against dash cams priced $150-200 to see if its worth it to go with the pricier option or if the budget option is just as good
Where’s the footage of the “farm truck’s” windshield with all these cameras?😂.
How did you get that same pickup truck to come around the corner for several of the displays of different cameras? This needs some explain.
I wonder how many of these cameras actually use the 3M tape they advertise or is it just a con.
Which camera has the widest field of view?
No contestant from Garmin? Hmm.
Did you have them all hooked up at the same time?
2025 and using micro ubs?? That's an US thing. Selling new devices without usb c is illegal in the EU , as it should be
Why does this guy sound like someone is stepping on his balls?
Why would you not include Garmin?
How about rear facing trailer cameras?
Love the videos! Curious what your criteria was to select these brands? And why not include any of the "major" brands like Garmin or Blackview?
Wait a minute, you built a Time Machine out of a Suburban?
What about spark plugs cables. Are they all the same like material, strength and power and is thicker better? Etc.  Love your channel
Where was this video when I was looking 2 weeks ago and ended up buying the Vantrue N5 for 400 lol
Does Uniden exist over there?
There are many way over this price point. I know Amazon sells the Vantrue N4 models that are priced much higher. Anyone know if they are worth the big price jump over the top 3 here?
thank you so much for this video, what do you think about Axon Fleet 3? have you review it before?
i wonder what that truck driver at the 11 minute test tought when he saw a truck pull up with 10 dashcams glued to the front window
Was there a price limit for this test? I was surprised not to see the Vantrue N4 Pro which is above all of these cameras in terms of night time recording but also costs $250-$280.
Why does this dude keep driving by this street...? :)
Did you adjust any setting on the cameras? I had to adjust my Viofo to get it not being over exposed by lights at night.
Can you do one of these for motorcycle cams?  Most "dash" cams won't work for a bike.
I’m looking into Thinkware dash cameras. What are you thoughts on it?
Backpack leaf Blower?
do you think you will do a review of the more expensive range of cameras as well to see if you really get something better for a bigger price?
PF is reviewing dash cams now? Guess it's time to get a new one...
Did you get pulled over for suspicion of DUI when you were at the STOP sign??? 😅 Great video, very good information.
Love your videos! How about Home security cameras next as an idea? There is just as much junk companies like dashcams out there. It would be interesting to see.
I wonder how the Nextbase would compare.
How is the pruveeo so expensive while being crap?
Señor Farm, what do you do with all the products after you review them?
Is that your normal voice? Annoying affectation.
can you also test back up cameras
What cards work well for the VIOFO other than the expensive VIOFO recommended one?
For me the important thing is that the footage not be used against me. Do these have a button to wipe footage / password protect?
What model viofo did you test?
How could you skip testing something from Thinkware?
What happened to the aukey those were great dual dash cams systems for cars with very good image quality !!
You got a DeLorean somewhere?
Can you review governments? Which ones helped the economy and decreased the debt etc?
What's the best camera for a motorcycle?
I wonder how much better the cams with the Sony Stravis 2 IMX678 are. Some also allow for a double lens, which has a telephoto zoom, for further out plate reading, example being the VIOFO RTC300 Telephoto Camera for A229. But of course most cost way over $100.
Could you review those precision electric screwdrivers? Thanks!
is this a better option than a gopro or insta 360 1r with the one inch sensor, or even a 360 camera? other youtubers said Vantrue N4 Pro was a great option. What about the garmin drivecam gps unit? getting a garmin gps unit with a builtin dashcam sound pretty amazing if you ask me, if it performs well.
Which of the devices has a USB-C port? I don't buy devices without a USB-C port. Unfortunately, the test winner only has a mini USB port and is no longer up-to-date.
Huh no Nextbase?
Any chance you could review generic vehicle brakes from the major auto shops and oem?
No rexing, vantrue or garmin?? Those are some popular dash cam brands.
Would have been helpful if you'd said what the rated ambient operating and/or storage temperatures are for the dash cams. Can the things survive being left in the vehicle in extreme temperatures (say -40C to +50C), typical of an Alberta winter and interior temperature during the summer? The things probably won't operate in these temperatures but they should at least be able to be left overnight in the extreme cold, and in a parked vehicle with the windows up on a hot day during the summer.
There’s another channel that does dash cam & radar detector reviews. The VIOFO was the best on his channel as well, BUT which model was the one you tested? I ask because he showed the older model to be superior to the newer model. Also, are there any 4K rear view cameras, at all?
so......   what did you tell the Cops when you went past the same addresses 11 times???   lol
Did you mount every single cam on your car at the same time?
can you please test air tags and other different location tracking devices? would love to have one that i can trust to put in my car
Whats the most weight you've towed with the factory Tahoe hitch?
Maybe its different here in the UK but you didn't seem to test any well-known brands? Just Chinese off brands found on amazon?  Would love to see the best manufacturers of dash cams head to head...
what about the Garmin mini 3?
Have you or can you tests broken spark plug removers
Thank your for this review. I have a question. I am looking to purchase a dash cam but I am worried about installation. Who would you guys trust to install these cams?  I have a 2023 Kia Sportage hybrid. Every time I think about getting a cam I get a bit afraid when I think about someone pulling off panels and routing wires and connecting those wires to the electrical systems in my car. Should I be worried about this and if so then who can I trust? The people at Best Buy? Will the Kia dealer do it (I doubt that)???
One thing I find curious is who does and does not play in the dedicated dashcam space. It's not Insta. It's not GoPro. It's not Nikon or Canon or Sony or Pentax or Samsung any other big camera brand. Garmin is maybe the biggest, most trusted brand name in the place, but they aren't a camera company. Why? Is it just because people won't spend good money for high quality for a dashcam that is permanently installed as break-in bait, meaning only cheapo crap can hit the natural price point with essentially all the same sensors and internals?
Do a review on trail/game cameras $150 and lower.
Is that a Back to the Future license plate?
how about comparing band=aids?
Did anyone else notice a white ram in every shot testing the street sign Im guessing you must have put them all on the dash at the same time?  Imagine what people think passing seeing someone with 10 cameras on their dash 😂
Can you test Spray Foam Tire Shine?
Why didn't you test 70mai models by xiaomi? They are wery popular in EU region
CAN YOU MAKE THE AUDIO ANY WORSE. I stopped listening when you sped it up to hyperventilate mode, but now my wife and son asked me not to play the patchwork, cut and paste pieces while they were in the room. Buddy, you have a great format, but you are getting too irritating to listen to.🥲
How about testing security cameras and/or trail cams?
Where's the Milwaukee dashcam,surely they make one???!
What happened to your voice? 😳
$2.69 for gas !!!?!?! I'm paying $4 / gallon here in Vegas !!!!
Can you test which camera holo you better to crash or hits. Most will fall from the windshield when hit.
What about the Insta360 Dashcam ?
What about best app for pulling data to the phone
Might have to upgrade the 1 i have...if i buy the viofo from your amazon link will you get a kickback so you can get some of your costs back...willing to support your channel
Can you test the DJI  Osmo Action 4 , that people are using as a Dash Cam  ?
Are you reading my mind? My daughter has been bugging me to get one since she has one in her car.
How about a canvas cleaner show down at the project farm corral?
I must be confused but how are several of these videos supposed to be a different dash cam but they drive by the same white Ram 1500 at the same time ???
Can you do Nextbase and Garmin next? <3
Don’t see this in the comments, but I’d like to confirm you pulled the packaging film off the lenses of the cameras before testing?
proven wrong…by yourself? lol
how is that Same Truck Passing by for Every Different cam test 7:50 - 10:00?
Nice video! Can we have foam for fence posts tested, please? :)
Why are all dashcams made by companies you've never heard of? Where's the Apple, Google or Samsung dashcam? Sony used to rule the small electronics market, where are they in this space?
WTF is wrong with your voice? Most annoying sound in the world
The Thinkware 1000 series beats them all - at least thus far.  It's not cheap, but when you need to have video for evidence, well, what's that worth ?
Another review idea , cameras to you for YouTube videos ? I've never done a video , but thought about doing . Thanks again
can you make another video with more expensive cameras
I love the work you always do and am glad to support you. Does it matter to you if I watch at a faster speed? I would watch at Normal speed if that is the only way you get "credit" for me watching.
Why did you not mix in a few "high end" name brand products with the Amazon/TEMU specials?
My wife has been asking for a robot vacuum and I have no idea what one to get. Could you review robot vacuums and help a guy out? As always thanks for the work you put into these videos!
So what's the best camera for recording the front and rear of your vehicle?
can you test the best rear view mirror dash cams?
Love it! Been needing a dash cam! Would you be able to update this with cold weather performance? I've noticed many of them even those sold farther north where it gets down to -20s still only say down to ~ -25f
Maybe you could take a look at rear backup cameras in the future?
Would you compare soldering irons? There’s electric, gas, gun models.
How about back up cameras for a video review next?
How do they hold up to prolonged heat and sunshine ?  I had a cheap dash cam fail pretty quickly from being baked from being parked in the open on hot days .  The Garmin dash cams that I run now seem to tolerate the sun exposure pretty well.
would you consider wifi cameras that are used for rear view trailer towing.?
Interesting to see an action camera (dji/go pro) in dashcam tests, how much better are they?
How is the Viofo compared to the Tesla camera's?
Can dash cams swivel to point out of the driver's side window, to record the police after you are pulled over, or to record a road rager if they approach the driver's side door?
Are there not any name brand cameras in this  segment of the market? Also, it would have been nice to do a benchmark against a legitimate action camera like a GoPro, although I don't think gopros have night vision.
What about reading license plates on the vehicle in front of you with your headlights shining on it? usually plates are reflective, im interested to see how this test would go.
What about vs GoPro?
Do the dash cams record UAP's ?
Could you please compare the M2 radar mounted smart dash cam with the ones in this video? My buddy has one and I'd like to see how it stacks up against these.
how about doing a video on home security systems? this was a verry well done video thank you.
Where is the Garmin dash cams?
No Garmin or Vantrue on the list?
Todd, I know you are a car man, but would you be willing to test helmet dashcams and helmet intercoms? That would help so many of us bike riders.
did you remove the plastic protector from the lens before testing?
How about a review of the refillable olive oil sprayers? Misto would probably be the one sold the most but there are so many complaints about it. Maybe different regular food rated spray bottles. I think EVO is another company. Thanks.
How quickly were you able to test all cameras as the sun was going down?  It stands to reason the cameras tested later in the group would have more grain and under underexposure due to much lower ambient light
Why do we have no contenders from the likes of garmin ?
Should have tested the collision function
Where are brands like BlackVue (Made in Korea)? I have these in 4 vehicles, and really like them…
Did you install 10 cams at once, or make many trips on that road. Lol.
No Go Pro cam in review?????
Would it be possible to add the 70mai A810 to your test?  It is said to offer the best in class video performance.
Ive only ever heard about the wolfbox. None of the others. I bought a garmin mini 2 hows that compare to these?
I wonder if any of these dashcams are good for catching trains on video especially at night.  I've been looking for a decent camera or camcorder with some night vision or night technology for nighttime filming especially when it comes to trains, so I maybe be wondering if one of these dashcams might do the trick, or if not you know if any cameras or camcorders might have some good night vision technology?  Hey that's a video idea for your next video, cameras or camcorders with night filming.  Thanks for sharing this and I hope for a future video of either cameras or camcorders with nighttime filming technology.
The gas prices in California are almost double the price shown on your cameras, are you sure they were focused correctly?
what about the garmin
How does he read my mind?!? Was just thinking about buying one for all my vehicles literally today. Thank you again.
Why don't cars come from the factory with dash cams?
isn't there like only a few sensors out there that there all end up using?
Why do you talk with that excessive inflection? It's super distracting.
Why were only the cheap dashcams made in China tested? Last time I checked Thinkware made in Korea were at the top of the list. Would have liked to see on them included.
Have you ever tested home scales on the higher end weight limit?
From what I have heard (maybe LTT or something?) most car dashcams use basically the same sensor.  I do appreciate these tests, these are things I have questions about and I've been needing to get a car dashcam.  If I can make a decision to pay for the most inexpensive and have it be basically as good as the more expensive ones, I am down.
How bout aftermarket digital rear view mirrors.. please do them.
Wait gas is 2.69??!?!
If you haven’t done it yet I have a suggestion: Does octane booster work?
Why you didn't inclide a  garmin dash cam?
What about using a 2 year old phone with a good camera?
Was wondering why you didn't review the Vantru dashcam?  Great video by the way!!
No Garmin? I've had two different models of Garmin that have been very useful to prove other drivers where responsible for accidents.
Can you do rear view mirror dashcam next please???
OK, dumb question...if a person wanted to have a dash cam to use while parked for several hours at a time, are any of these an option?   Recommendations?
are any of them good at parked motion detection, my viofo is unusable for that
I’m just wondering what brand bandage you’re wearing and is it very impressive?😊
Do you buy the products you test and do you get a kickback when someone buys through your links?
Do action cameras next please! I've tried like 5 at various prices and they were all terrible.
It would be interesting to mention what camera sensor are used by those cameras. Can you make a video with 4k video recorders like Blackvue DR970X?
I'm really curious how the higher end dash cams hold up to the competition. I really trust Garmin in most things. Own several of their outdoor and boating products great longevity and performance. Wonder about the dashcams though is it worth the pricetag?
Why wouldn’t you test a mainstream brand like Garmin?
Did you change the bitrate settings? - what where they set to?
Have you ever done an oil filter showdown? I usually use Fram, but the internet can be a bit negative about them.
Could you do motorcycle cams / headphones please ?
No Garmin units in the list?
Anyone else go around and try to find the intersection of Peculiar Dr & Main St?
The sunset one has the same truck turning left on all cameras?
I'd love to know how much it costs you on average for each of your reviews? Also, what is the average time it takes you from start to finish to create one of these reviews? Inquiring minds want to know!!! Thank you for all of your fantastic and unbiased work!!!💯💯
I wonder if Red Tiger/Cool Crazy are shipped out the back door of the same company..
Is it feasible or even practical to run a dash cam like the Viafo in the rear window as well?
Great video! Will you also be testing more expensive/top of the line dashcams? Such as the Viofo A329, Vantrue N4 Pro, Blackvue, Garmin, Nextbase, Thinkware etc. Not sure if these are available in the USA though, as I'm from Europe.
where do those dash cams rate next to the Garmin X310
how about something not from China
as for a suggestion, How about surge protectors? there are so many out there and no one really knows if any of them are actually worth buying. I would do the top 5 according to google and then add the top 10 from Amazon that are not in the top 5 from google. maybe 5 from walmart.
Summerskill? That’s a Peculiar name.
Why just the China specials and no name brands?
Great video. Can you do a rear facing cam showdown? Or would it just be get the same cam both times?  Thanks.
So there are a lot of other dash cams out there will you do some of the other ones in another video?
It sounded like most if not all were made in China 😳 Why has America lost its competitive edge, and become more a consumer nation? Will it get worse with the younger generation preferring youtube channels vs innovating?  No offense, Project Farm.  We definitely need channels like yours.  Your channel is deserving of far more subscribers!
For the Miden, maybe it looks like that cause the "Hollywood portrayal of Mexico" mode was enabled?
Thank you. Could you run the same on the higher end (at least more expensive) dash cams like Garmin, Escort, etc? Can’t you set up a Go-pro to do a similar task? I know from experience Go-pro imagery far exceeds any of these.
Why no bigger name brands like Garmin?  Curious if they are worth the extra money. But they do have options around the $150 price point I think.
Have you looked into options to record while the car is parked on any of the cameras?
Did you "forget" to take off the lens sticker or are these actually this bad? Edit: 8:13 *cough*
usually love the videos, but I didn't recognize a single brand.. how about some of the name brands?
Can you do a price comparison when it comes to scrapping auto parts?  I've been told scrap yards pay out more $ if a whole component was broken down and separated into each different metals  Versus if the whole component was scrapped whole.  I just took 2 identical manual transmissions in and only got $15 each for them and they were in 1 piece. I'm wondering how much more $ I could have gotten had I taken the time to separate the aluminium and steel.  Would my time have been worth the effort?
How about specifically aftermarket rear facing cameras please.  I'm old and so is my van.
Could you please test some more expensive higher end dashcams. There are way better – cams on the market than the ones you've reviewed. That being said, you always do an amazing job with your reviews and tests. Thank you for all the hard work you put in.
Been looking into dash cameras myself, and it seemed that your reviews on cameras came in about the same time. What are your thoughts on doing a review of rearview mirror style cameras that take place of your rearview mirror with both front and rear cameras? Trucks with canopy's/camper or anything with obscured vision could possibly benefit from this type of camera
The guy in the red house is wondering how many times is this guy going to drive by my house?
Why no Xiaomi Dash cameras (70mai ) are not included in the test ?  They are relativly cheap and work ok-is....
How about the rexing brand?
A bandaid??? Where’s your electrical tape?
What models of both the viofo and red tiger there are multiple price points on both. Thanks.
Any options for cams wothout a screen? Rathernhave a smaller footprint and pull videos vs watching them on the screen
Can you do whole house butter filtration system?
No thinkware models?
Can you test body cams?
My single biggest thing I want to know is how heat affects these cameras. Heat kills electronics and what happens to these cameras over a summer of being locked up in a car sitting the parking lot at work or a store ?
07:47 were all dashcams mounted in the windshield at the same time?
Can you do a video on coffee grinders?
Can you do a cordless 23ga pin nailer showdown?
Can you test out kingslim brand cams?
How about a SD or Micro SD card tests.  There's a bunch of fraudulent cards online and it would be nice if people would just let us know which are actually real and can give us a good deal on them.
I am no Dash cam pro I have  a Van true that works great,  are you planning a Pro level brand test also,?  I never heard of these brands before today.
Nice!  How about motorcycle cams or action cams?
Do mirror dash cams next. I have a wolfbox g900 pro that i purchased but was disappointed with the headlight glare from the rear cameras at night. From what i see headlight glare is the biggest problem with most mirror dashcams
there is no garmin? why
Why no mention of thinkware or other mainstream dash cam companies versus all these budget off brand?
i wonder how an older used cell phone with one of the dashcam apps works compared to a dedicated dash cam. i feel like a 5 year old samsung phone has a better sensor than one of those cameras
What would have been interesting to know is if any of them can be powered with a USB cord versus the Cigarette adapter. Some modern cars have more USB ports available and only 1 lighter source, so if you wish to use something like a larger GPS (which I do for travel), you either have to use a splitter or come up with another option.
Can you please test Walkie Talkie.that would be Greate . Thank you
Dash cam just died and was looking to get another. What even is this magic?!
Why not include some of the most common mainstream dash cams like Garmin and Thinkware?
Did the redtiger come with a free crack on the left side of the screen?
I have an older VIOFO and have been researching current dash cameras.  I am wondering why you did not test a couple of the more popular brands like Blackvue which I m leaning towards and also Thinkwear which is also quite popular?
Great video. Did you happen to test battery drain for the 24 hour cameras?
Why did you only pick the garbage brands? No Garmin, Nextbase etc?
How do you decide on what brands you test? Garmin is a well known brand among dash cams and wish you had included it with the others.
Great video! $2.69 for unleaded?  We are paying $4.39.
Where are the real brands like Garmin or Cobra?
What state is the license plate from?
This is great but how does it compare with GoPro and DJI?
what do you think of xiaomi 70mai's A510 and A810 dash cams? They also have sony starvis 2 and similarly priced to viofo and redtiger, thanks.
On the subject of dash cams, how about a review of trail cams?
LOL. This is the test that results in an injury?
Awesome video.  Curious if the higher end cameras.  Ones you'd find at brick & mortars are any better?  Most seem to be in the $150-400 range.   That would be a great part 2 to this.  Thank you!
Do you have a video on insulated screwdrivers (for electrical purposes)?
What about testing for best fog lights? And please do LED vs Incandescent lights.  And please factor in snowing conditions. Cause I like LED lights but they don't give off enough heat like Incandescent lights to melt snow off lights in snowing weather.
were you driving around with 30,000 dash cams? :L
thank you for your work brother, Could you test some phone holders  for us? I am in a market for one and don t wanna buy rubbush
Why no Blackview?
Nothing on Garmin?
Are all of these tests done at the same time? Per test?
Have VSYSTO (Shenzhen) for my motorcycle -- micro SD instantly plays on Windows laptop. Rove R2-4K PRO seems to need their App to play? Am I doing something wrong?  VSYSTO front & rear system does pretty good job IMHO
Why are Chinese companies so terrible at naming things?
Unleaded $2.69/gal?!?!  Gas is insanely high in CA.  Just filled up at Costco reg unleaded $4.16/gal... saw Chevron $4.65/gal.
Where can you get a coupon?
How about ones made in usa ?
Did you check the regional settings on the Miden? It might've been set for Mexico, judging by the persistent tint. ;)
Who knew these cameras had such different qualities with similar prices?
How did you pick which ones to buy? was there a budget? Why not Nextbase or Vantrue N4?
Can we get a welding pliers and locking pliers (vicegrip) test?
What happens to the products tested in these videos? Do you ever sell them?
Should I get one? Let's find out
Another cool video as always. On a similar topic, would it be possible to compare go pro cameras at a later date? Definitely interested in the 360 cameras.
Could we get webcams would love that one
No starvis2 dash cam in the test sample? Starvis2 is a big step up from starvis1 specially for dynamic range, in motion sharpness and night time clarity
Can you actually do some reviews of some name brand cameras like thinkware and blackvue, garmin?
Best after market back up camera?  Just a suggestion
Where 70mai a800s?
When's the Band Aid review coming?
Could you do a band-aid comparison next =D
Now test more tape measures. Can the Stanley Fatmax beat the Klein Tools?
Do the clickbait titles help? Just curious