how are you testing the projectile sizes at 3:22?
Wtf did they do to doom? I can´t jump after punching to gain more distance and it feels/looks so buggy. Why is noone mentioning/talking about this?
Still no bans for the Xim cheaters? Urgh. Its impossible to reach GM on console without cheating, it's so unfair.
Hey Karq, love your contents! Will you do a crosshair video for all heroes now that there are plenty of options?
For mythbusters:  If you copy a non-dps as echo, do you still get dps bonus?
What is the purpose of blue health when everyone can now regen hp out of combat?
I used to play as Zen, Doomfist and Moira. They still worth playing? It’s been years
So if you're Bronze 5 like me where do you start? - Bronze 5 rank and division? ;D
Why tf would they take my comp points away
Why is this game still being talked about? It's dead
whats even the point of buffing everyones health if all the damage is upped equally to make up for it? doesnt this change do pretty much nothing then  ok i investigated more ig not all abilities damage are increased and autos are still same dmg so basically durability patch ha ha ha
Why can’t you just use centimeters
wth is wrong with them by increasing projectile size, isnt random headshot already been annoying?
What were the devs on when they came up with the idea of penalties for loss streaks? Punishing players for having to suffer through losses is about as much fun as rewarding smurfs for being good at smurfing.
Okay I don’t want to sound dumb but I’ll ask anyways, if we are giving everyone more health and also everyone is getting more damage does this really change anything? Maybe I’m missing something someone help 😂
Does anyone else feel like they’re making overwatch easier or more beginner friendly?
Did they just, dumb the game down?
Everyone passive regens now? Why? What’s the point if health packs or healers? Christ they keep fucking up this game.
I wonder if the 20% reduced healing impacts Mauga and Lifeweaver's overheal values
Does the blue shield health do anything besides regen? Everyone kinda has blue health now if you think about it
Am I the only pharah main thinking her passive fuel recharge being taken away is a net nerf?
Does the DPS healing reduction stack? Never saw it mentioned.
what the fuck???? overwatch copying paladins???? what kind of mandela effect bizarro world did i wake up in?
Is it me or your voice is kinda small? my game sounds way bigger, I need to mess with audio mix settings despite YT on max already
So is there even a point in shield health anymore since everyone regenerates health now?
What are these hitboxes lmao. Huge L
Does reapers lifesteal get affected by the healing reduction effect?
I wonder if the 20% healing reduction from the dps stacks depending on how many people are shooting the target. Could be a cool mythbuster idea
So Hanzo arrow head went from a medium sized sedan to a bus? 🙄
What's the point of increasing damage and projectile size while also increasing health and passive healing?  Like surely they cancelled each other out a bit?
But how much percent more will the Ulta cost?
Did BOB'S health increase or did it stay the same?
What difference does it make now if it is shield health or normal health, now that everyone heals over time?
I wonder then will they bring just 5 placements back.
Why did ana have 251hp 16:19
Does anyone know if ashe's dynamite will continually proc the dps passive? With the 5 second burn duration, and the 2 second passive duration, it would effectively apply a 7 second -20% healing aoe (assuming it isn't cleansed). That sounds strong.
Am I the only one who thinks they kinda fucked up the hitboxes ???😅
Upping everyone’s health doesn’t make sense to me if they were just gonna make a lot of characters deal more damage. Like is it not the same thing as before just with larger numbers in the end?? I’m dumb as hell y’all
Can you do a new setting video for 2024 I wanna see what setting you use for Ram Weaver and Illari
Can't wait to play like 300 or 150 comp matches for a single skin. Or 8100/4050 matches for all of the weapons. Idk know if you get a bonus 100 points after the 10 each match or not so the numbers are uncertain but im pretty sure either way you would have to no-life this game for a single skin.
Why hammond balls do the same dmg if everyone got more hp.  Why Winston ult dosent give 1200hp?  And why my boi rein got White HP!!!  Dumb mauga no shirt got 100 armor...
Is this the noob update?
How is the new healing passive working with shield? Do characters with shield recover, effectively, 50hp (30 shield/sec after 3 seconds and 20hp/sec after 2 seconds), or are shields redundant now?
In the patch notes and in the season trailer it said they would give you reasons why you went up or down in rank percentage.  I haven't seen that at all, it only shows what percent I went up/down but doesn't give any of the reasons why.  Did they lie to us or am I missing something?
Can anyone remind me how much the ultimate costs were increased by?
Wait so only a few character ults will be increased by 10% right?
I thought they were gonna make it so anyone could que ranked with anyone?
Is that the soundtrack unfathomed force from Ao no Kiseki. Been a long time since I’ve listened to it
How to kill a game... Overwatch 2 season 9.
How are the devs this braindead?
I might be dumb. In fact I am. But what is the point of buffing most heroes health AND dmg? Doesn’t it just end up being the same?
why didnt theyjust lower everyone damage and healing seeing heroes like tracer with and genji with changed hp ammounts is so weird to me😭😭
Lmao what are these passive changes? Paladins wanna be?
So basically everyone has more HP but is easier to hit? Sounds like they're making the game more noob-friendly. Not a bad thing.
I'm kind of baffled they gave everyone extra health but then also increased the projectile size for everyone and that new DPS passive...wasn't the idea to increase time to K and give healers more impact on the game? I was playing tank and it honestly felt like I was getting no healing, which wasn't even true, its the DPS passive.
Why did they do this...
For the placement games, are they solo or can they be done in teams?
What is the difference between shield and armor?
What’s the point of shield health if everyone can self heal?
I just don't get it, why to incrise the hp but up the consistensy of damage? it is the same thing nothing changes if you have more hp but everyone lands more shots also the numbers are getting so out of hand, hog with 800 hp is so stupid high was a very simple fix, lower the damage, lower the healing, keep the hp the same, that all they needed to do
Thanks for breaking this down bb!  Did Brig’s whipshot not get a damage and/or projectile size buff?
Ultimate costs are increased by 10% but if theres 15-20% more health pools to farm then surely we'll be getting more ults overall?
Wait how much is the ult cost increased by???
Does Ashe's dynamite trigger the passive on herself?
12:54 is it bugged for me or what? cuz my fuel didnt regen after barraging.
so they turned pharah into echo?    Also no buffs for my boy ball😢
I missed it, how much is Ana’s ult cost going up by?
Is Mercy's new self healing passive enough to out pace the damage of Ash dynamite or Sombra virus?
I wonder which is prioritized, head shot or body shot?
im mad… i saved 33k gold weapon points but now it seems to be capped at 20k max… 13k comp points are gone w/o any replacement… wtf is this blizzard?!!
i quit playing a while ago, but i’m so confused why the projectile size increase is necessary? i don’t remember ever struggling to hit shots with him 😭
Why make projectiles bigger? You're basically not even hitting the enemy now and you're still hitting him bruh
So, finally, which size of kunai does Kiriko have now? I didn't get it :( 0.18 -> 0.15 + 0.07 = 0.22? Or 0.18 + 0.07 = 0.25? Which is right?
No new map? I was so looking forward to Lima 😢😢😢
Anyone else notice so many of the clips were of the wrong version? Like when he’s showing off the beam width he’s on the old patch so hes showing the old one not new
question for the s9 mythbuster video: Does Doom regain more health when ulting with the new healing change for tanks?
Question for the mythe buster : Dose the heal passive charge your ult ?
Why is gengi op now?
Self heal out of combat , what is this Paladins ?
Anyone else feel like you get your mech back faster when in you’re in baby dva form ?? I swear I remech in like an instant now
Who asked for this? Why we talking all the skill requirements out of the game? I dont get it.
How is this game not dead
Are there any reason to increase hp and at that time increase dmg on many heroes? It feels like if not the same time to kill but even more fragile with increased hitboxes. Oh, mb the main reason is to give bad and new players chance to play and buy skins...
Tbh if they add health to everyone and also increased dmg of almost everything what's the point? It's like inflation they raise min wage but everything cost more so you pretty much earn same amount of money lol
okay but why is the font so minute? I can't even read it without full screen.  you're crazy!! you analysed these patch notes like a freak.!!
Does a Duplicated Echo also have a 10% ult charge increase? Or is it just for the duplicate ultimate itself?
Why you showing projectile size by aiming in the center of the body?
Does "a competitive year" mean a season?
how you gonna say HP increased between 15 and 20 percent when most characters went from 200 to 250, which is a 25% increase???
so with the new dps passive, is Moira gunna get any buffs? I can imagine having your only "utility" being nerfed by 20% would be a staggering blow to your viability. but I guess with the new sizes, she'll do more damage and have more to heal with teammates taking damage so faster/more ults?
Why did they increase the log size. That was the one projectile that didn't need a size increase.
I think this changes is not needed why add 75 hp and weapon bullet size?
Does Torb’s hammer still only do 55 or did it scale up too?
So if multiple dps shoot the same person do the healing debuffs stack?
why is overwatch turning into paladins 💀
Wait so does this mean the hover jets and jump can’t be the same as Pharah anymore with this dash added?
I dont get it, they are buffing all heroes health but they are also buffing their dmg so what’s the point if it’s gonna be the same?
Is baps lamp projectile size increased? Could see that being a pain throwing around corners etc
Why on earth do they give orisa 75 armor but only 50 to rein? And same with dva like rein is a dude in armor who hits you with a hammer HE NEEDS MORE ARMOR THAN THE OTHER TANKS THEY HAVE RANGE 😂😭
What about hitscan ults like roadhogs?
Prices are going up too??
myth busting question: does suzu cleanse the DPS passive of 20% less healing?
What’s the goal of all of these changes?   What are all these changes meant to achieve?
How many of the damage buffs are actually buff from last patch and not increases to the damage number to bring it in line with the global health increase? The way I see it, after this patch, if an ability didn't get touched, let's say Orisa's Javelin throw, it technically got nerfed due to everyone's health being higher than last season.
Why tf did they buff horse
they sorta nerfed supports a little? i guess?
Does anybody know if the 20% healing reduction also count for Reapers Selfheal?  And is there an approximate release time for the rework of ball and reaper out yet?
i genuinely dont understand the point of this patch. i thought they wanted to raise the TTK but not only do they raise the hitboxes on everything, but they raise the damage? doesnt that defeat the point?
UHM HOW DID U GET THAT WALLPAPER!!!? I WANT IT!!! For my computer!! It’s😍 plzzz
What is the point of shield health now?
THEY BUFFED KIRIKO???? LMAO SHE'S ALREADY OP COME ONNNNNNN
10:42 reduced or increased? text is confusing :D
so you cant oneshot shit now with hanzo???
Maybe I'm old but doesn't monkey damage increase to his Tesla mean the melee tech is out of date now. Used to melee/Tesla swap for 1v1s to save ammo since it did the same damage would it be dumb to melee now?
how does the DPs passive work does it stack with another DPS? totaling over 40% healing reduction for 2 seconds or its 20% healing reduction for 4 seconds
No new map? Don't they usually add a new map when they don't add any hero? PVE MISSIONS? WHERE BRUHH
can widowmaker one shot now?
So, tank players what hero are you playing this season? apex or valorant?
Mister Q of Kar, how excited were you to unleash the video for this mega-patch? 😁
Does the projectile size buff apply ultimates? Pulse bomb feels bigger
Does pulse bomb get bigger since its a projectile
was there an example to see how the damage 20% reduced healing looked like in comparison
Does anyone know where the hero mastery tower defense mode is hiding? Because it’s not in hero mastery or arcade or anywhere in the Overwatch game
Does deflected damage still carry the dps passive?
So it's basically paladins now?
So hanzo can't one shot kill the majority anymore? Since almost everyone now is at least 250 health? Big nerf for him basically?
The Mercy changes don't seem to be working, anyone else? (For the Guardian Angel change)
With the health increases I really think small hps healing should be buffed a little. Lucio, brig, illaris pylon, and zens heal orb. Also just bought the battle pass but it didn't give me any of the tiers? I'm still gonna have to grind the BP. Did they change this? Or is it a bug?
The patch notes say that the global projectile size increase only applies to damage dealing projectiles, so does Bap's Biotic Launcher grenade really get the projectile size? Jw
These changes are interesting.  Is Blizzard just trying to penalize players who are good with their aim or what?
So no wide grouping like they said at Blizzcon?
Wtf did they do to this game?
Basically no time stamps? Please add more
Because of all these new reticle options that have been added this season and the option between forms do you think you could make an updated reticle video? :D
Now all they need to change is the name of the game and they are done 😅 Srly is this still Overwatch at all?
Does the damage passive count for roadhog breather? Maybe that and his defense is why he is at 800 hp
i wonder if they're gonna do any buffs in this one
Am i actually the first one?