Well, now that 8 has failed in a similar manor we have to ask just how many time do they need to get it right?  The number of failures is growing and when compared to the old days when NASA was doing things they'd take the time to get the hardware right before launch and then address whatever shows up as a problem.  They did not have many failures after the early 60's, by Gemini the failure were minimum and by Apollo they were successful in every launch attempted, Apollo 13 only failed after the TLI burn that occurs after reaching LEO.  I'm beginning to think that maybe the move fast and break things approach isn't really compatible with spaceflight!
What happened to this channel? You just disappeared.
Is this the second time they use this booster or was it a new one?
And does anybody know how much damage to the environment this has done?
Why do they keep calling it a "Starship?"  "It's just a rocket!"   Same old rocket tech from the gemini & apollo space missions!
"rapid unscheduled disassembly"?
How does the booster know how to get back to the chop sticks ?
Who is this?
Who is this?
What’s the black bit flapping about on the nose cone at 3:28???
7th flight and still explodes ? Not good.
Was it using Tesla batteries?
Where did ALL THAT FALL? It just doesn't evaporate!
They call the tower Chopsticks what is it made in China or something? ...they need to change that name 🤦‍♂️
How does fire work in space or a vacuum
Rapid unscheduled disassembly ?
What Exactly Happened On SpaceX's Seventh Starship Launch Attempt?  It went bang, that's exactly what happened,
Were those pictures showing starship pieces entering the atmosphere real or fake?
Fire suppression?? Rapid reassembly sounds more adventurous. And cost-conscious too!!
Anyone else notice, during the live video of the initial launch, the duct tape coming loose ?!?!
Anyone know what the payload was?
At 6:43 min, why this high altitude the Earth looks like flat?
Where is The 2nd stage video...
Weren’t they supposed to be on Mars by now?!
Chemitrails enthusiasts, are you herę? We need you expert commentary!
sure loses a load of speed between 70K alt and 80K alt, why is that?
How does a metal grate steer that thing? I bet its anti gravity 😮
Why is there always this childish celebration? Shouldn't every scientist assume that it's normal for it to work? Or do people in the USA also cheer when the postman successfully delivers the mail? This is completely normal as his work is functioning well.
Any film of Starship being blown up?
musks firework factory  continues unabated. I trust that all this environmental pollution is to some purpose?
Rapid disassembly? Sounds like a crash to me!
Is nobody concerned about the amount of space junk that #spacex is leaving out there?
Where did the debris land geographically?
At right around 8 minutes, the CH4 level starts dropping really fast. Is that an indicator that the tank was somehow damaged at that point?
Space equivalent of cybertruck? Best wishes for successful next launch.
Was this the one carrying  the moon mission i saw somewhere  space x was sending something  to the moon
The chopstick landing is cool. But what problem dose that solve? We already landed rockets in the ocean. Worked fine. Weren't these supposed to be rapid reusable? Well? So far it months between launches or should I say fire works display.
I saw that hole live.. I was thinking “what is that hole? Is that supposed to be like that?”  Crazy..
Why at 5:53, i can see certain lights/fragments flying in the opposite direction of everything else, and they are maneuvering extremely quickly... like UAP's.... Perhaps its a lens reflection or something?  I think it might be that... as there are a group of them moving identically...
What was the piece of metal hanging from the rocket, you could see it on the left of the camera 🤔
Why is this program so different than getting humans to the space station?
So, is it safe to assume that one there was a LOS it self destructed, or was it a true propulsion induced explosi9n?
If this were the upper stage of China's CZ-5B rocket, even though it's only 20 tons—less than 1/50th of Starship—everyone would surely find it extremely dangerous, right?
When will people realise that starship is not practical and will always just be good as a spectacle? Its good to dream but its better to understand physics too. Am not sure why Elon cant see it or maybe its a grift, only time will tell
Is it supposed to do that? 😂🎉
Where did it splashdown?
Fire in space?
How could this have happened and how are we going to blame the woke libs?
What was the payload that they were planning on deploying with Starship?
Question: wasn't there a valuable payload on the ship? Lunar lander, satellites, etc?
A RUD? Nah, it exploded lol.
So, the bullshit term for an explosion is a thing now? How about calling things what they are?
are we sure there wasn't just a cybertruck parked nearby?
What if??? It’s still up there, but it just jettisoned something to look like it crashed back to earth. It could be up there on a secret mission. Hint, hint 😅
i guess it shared components with the cyber truck?
Here's a curious question.. Is it physically possible to say "Max Q" (the moment of peak mechanical stress on the rocket) without explaining what it means in the same sentence? I'm not sure science has ever witnessed such a monumental event.
Any way to find out if it was sabotage from at outside source? New Glen lost communication too, just strange.
Why do they jettison the ring
What was this carrying? WHOSE  cargo/money was just wasted??
Was it done despite his fear.
Is more luring but God's sky.