Can you do a collaboration with Falimingo? If you haven't already😅
What’s the game called?
How about grow a garden
Obito… is that you?
Is this bub games?
How can unc get hacks😢
15:03  wait a minute... IS THAT SKUNK USERNAME?
This is so messed up, what? God help you
What game is this
Can you ask the grow a garden devs for admin??
WHat ThE DAmN hEll is THaT?!?!?!
3:41 hitting his what?
How are u always finding Devs Discords??
Could you keep this series going my favorite series
Am I the only one who thinks LazarBeam sounds like the Hulk if he was Australian?🗣️
How does he have that
what about grow a garden?
why is ilsa high asf?
Where is GAG
Whats the name of the game?
am i trippin? how did he get emilia clarke to say use code lazer???? & where can i find this video?
What yall feel about green beans
Where’s round six?
What is roblox ... weird
When are you gonna make a new video?
What happened to fresh
Why are you curse now, bro?
Can we get one last photoshop battle post?
hhow bro make money doe?
Who else remembers his football content
Have you ever played blox fruits with your life on the line ?
what happened to tha game and the video for it
Laserbeam, can you make the admin of grow garden do every event at the same time?
WHO CAME HERE FROM GROW A GARDEN?
I really wanna be a YouTuber. It’s my dream job. How do I become a YouTuber?
3:41  your what?
Is laser beam dead?
Why doesn’t laserbeam post anymore?
Do you keep these powers?
Was the second place person in dress to inpress the first round omni man?
Can you plz do the Minecraft series again? On a new world. It would be so fun to watch!
Why haven't you posted any Fortnite videos for the star wars season? I thought you were a star wars fan
Is this a sign to gamble?
when u gunna upload again?????
Do you still stream
Are you a bully because you’re a bully kid? I am a kid.😠😠
You’re one of my favorite Australian Youtubers so can we try playing a game together?
Is he alive?
Can you give me rbx?? Pls?? Iam poor
Why is this man always shouting? Hes not talking, hes shouting...
when is the reunion of father and son?(lazar and fresh 🥒🔨)
Why does this guy never upload anymore?
what happened to fresh
Is that airrack
Lannan , do you reckon I have what it takes to be a good YouTuber?
Do you know, Neil the seal?
How the hell
What happened to Mr fresh Asian
You know lazar beam, do you miss techno blade?😢😢
3:29 hitting its what??
Please can you make some more Fortnite Content?
What happened to world boss
Lazar, how is your Holden UTE?
Can you pleas play forsaken in roblox I will teach and btw don’t make fun of me because I use  iPad  and I’m good at the game
Where did ftesh go
Where did ftesh go
Where did ftesh go
Can I have your account?
Where is gojo domain expansion in fighting battleground
Has anyone realized he looks exactly like his dad with the old filter
Can you please do another Photoshop battle?
Hey, hi, I want to ask why in the strongest battleground Is there a picture of you on your avatar? You'll make a collage wow, if so, thank you for understanding.
Why did laserbeam. Curse?
could you please play dead rails??
Have you guys watch the Lazarbeam show?
Can you upload more i love your videos but you barely post anymore
Hey laserbeam do you want me to teach you how to play strongest battlegrounds and blocks fruits?
Did you used to be in PWR
is it pay to win if you work for money so you technically worked for the commands
wtf is the crack on the wall?😭😭😭
How did you get admin commands? Is my friend owns this on this game?
Am I the only one asking myself where is the censoring ?
Lazar, were you the person flying in my rivals game a couple of days ago? Bro was at the top of the map shooting me, probably a different "definitely not hacker".
Did you not know that we can go on a private servers and get your roof set by going in the build in settings?
Why did i think that lazerbeam was bald for a second💀
Can u play heroes battlegrounds next time pls? Its like the strongest battlegrounds but better
Why does isla sound like a AI voice over?
Can u try get admin in mm2
What would happen if someone you killed with commands had a mythical fruit, bro is cooked
Why did ilsa say the D word you can’t say that can you? 3:42
since when lazer beam is old??????
When is your next member only video? I also wanna be as famous as you one day !
Did he use infinity move in battlegrounds?
How do you can make your own movesets in tsb
was wondering why "why is lazars face in the strongest battlegrounds skin area
Where's dead rails?
Lazar why do you hardly post now ??????? Ive been trying to watch your content but ive alr watched it all
Bro, how do you have that? It's not for sale. You're an administrator.
What r u doing in tsb?
is admin o hacker?
anyone remember elemental battelgrounds or was that just me?
Why bro swearing on yt isnt that not allowed
did he say fiance? when on earth did that happen!?
how does one cheat in rivals asking for a friend
4:33 Lazarbeam? I've never heard of Lazarbeam, obviously not that famous.
Is it me or is laser just trying to appeal to little kids now?
LazarBeam where you going to do a video on tsb / the strongest battlegrounds?
What about dead rails
What happened why no post anymore
yo can you dono me a dough fruit lazarbeam pls??? also I love your Minecraft series do it again cause there is a new species in the game
can you make next video gta or Fortnite????
17:36 Is that the Skylanders music?
Can someone tell me the music he played at 10:50
Am I seeing Lazar PLAY BLOXFRUITS?? WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE😂
Since when does Lazar get worried about being copyrighted?
What abt dead rails?
What song bean
blox fruit is second popular? then what's number #1?
Was the other guy who won omniman?
WHEN WILL YOU UPLOAD A FULL LENGTH VIDEO ON SEASON 2 MEMES THE SEASON IS CLOSE TO ENDING
Ahh so the unkillable gamepass in tsb is for lazerbeam and it cost 100K? Dang that is greedy
can you bring random crap Friday back
why does lannan not hire editors to edit his videos?  just seems tiring for him without one
is 15:27 just pwr alex?
Where is Aries crossover
What is your favourite hobby  Lazar beam cheating and winning against kids on Roblox
where you recording this while playing sideman among us?😂
why is ilsa lowkey hot
Hold up lazar plays Roblox?
I wonder how many of these kids you have wrecked and confused destroyed their devices
Am I the only one who thinks Laser beam sounds like knife from high on life?
Finally, another Roblox video by the way can you add me?
Can u do more Roblox videos? (They are the Best XD)
hey lazar can we play together?
5:00 IS THAT AN ULTRAKILL REFERENCE?
Why does that 20-20-20 dropkick angle go so hard. Like, damn, I want to see them make a fighting game outside of Roblox after that
How did bro get the admin charecter in tsb
What happened to DANI ????
Why do I like his roblox content more then his fortnite content...
18:41 is that uzoth alt admin account??
Is this why Lazar had a ultimate outfit option in Strongest Battlegrounds..?
I do believe i missed the proposal arc?
lazar what afl team do u support?
Where's the fortnite videos???
Fortnite meme olimpics? 🤨
anyone else watching this back on Monday, 20th of May 1940?
how can i get the shoes? hahaha
7:50 wait what? what did i miss
Anyone here in 2099???
Lazar are we gonna get constant uploads i really missed your videos?
What in the krabby patty
Roblox series back ?
Who else loves these series?
Where’s LazarBeam X Flamingo?
anyone here in 2099 💕??
1:00 worm jumpscare! and at 5:45 your going to what exactly?
Can you make chapter in the video so it is easier to skip a boring part like dress to impress
What afl team do you go for lazar? If u don’t go for any consider the Adelaide crows
why not dead rails
Can we have a petition for lazerbeam to be a full time YouTuber 🥲😂
Why bro uploading every generation?
Here at 2.3k likes  How much now?
You decided to post at 2:30 AM for what reason??
Why upload at such an unusual time.
Does he respond?
WHERE IS THE SEASON 2 REVEIW?????
How does bro keep on doing this?
Why cheat just get better
11 views in 1 minute? bro fell off
How tf do u cheat on a game called fuckin Baddies lmao
does the king respond?
What is lazar up to these days