I have heard of people searching for their lost pets longer than 10 days,what did they die for exactly in the Red Sea thousands of miles away from home?Raytheon? Israel?
First of all they shouldn't have been there so I can't say thank you for your service for what?
Did they find the bodies?
Yeah. About 1 week ago. What took you all so long? Had to wait for your masters to tell you?
How many of our men and women have died now at the hands of the democrats and their forever wars?
Possibly captured and not dead?
You guys checked the ocean, but has ever crossed their minds that they could have made it to land?
So did they walk to the boat? Where was their ship? They're not sending out just 2 guys in a zodiac on the ocean. The same way a helicopter can't keep up with a commercial airliner traveling at speed under the radar.
Really? Their dead?? They're not captured by our enemies?
Who tries to do ship to ship boarding using a ladder I'm those swells? Sounds like command incompetency not to do a helo fast rope insertion on that ship. Any ship to ship boarding could be done after the vessel has been secured.
Shouldn't they be MIA? Something isn't right with this.
How about some info? Were the bodies recovered?
How come nobody shows a picture of them?
How about telling us their names and showing their pictures ? RIP fine men 🙏🏼 thank you for your service 🙏🏼
No trackers no communication they didn’t try to grab them after they fell??! I feel wrong about this but I really don’t understand what was going on….
Wasn't there a boat right there? And you know they were wearing lifejackets. Sus.
CRAZY! How do we not know they might possibly be POW (prisoners of war???)???
If they're missing, what if the terrorists took them or the aliens to get information? Don't stop the search!!
Did they have on life Jackets?
why didnt they have a beacon locator that they could pull in case this happened? thats general equipment to have if you are about to perform a mission in volatile waters. this is shady. a 10 dollar piece of equipment should have been on them. another thing they more than likely had was an IR laser that they could wave around to show their location to someone searching in the skies.
Where is low iq Loyd?
How do they know the first one fell into the water and the other followed ????! How how how  did the Iranians tell them?
Isn't this the plot of Jason Bourne?
Why? Are we at war with Iran? Things are escalating quickly over there. Yemen, red Sea, sending ships here and there, Israels assault on civilians. Never have I seen a Palestinian tank on the news. Or plane or ship for that matter. And US is complicit and participating. Not in my name. Praying for peace for all people. 🙏
Where’s my comment?
Iran weapons?? The ones biden sold to them? ?😯
How much you want to bet they are CIA assassins right now?
Anybody really believe 2 seals fell off while boarding a small boat and couldn't be found? Nope
Does admiral know how command operates negligently no back up
Did they get killed picking on peasants again?
How do you lose two navy seals? There was no way to recover them from the water?
Why were there Americans in Somalia to begin with? Seems like they were looking for trouble and got it.
That’s sad , shouldn’t they be able to set off some sort of beacon to be found in scenarios like these?
How did this happen???
Why is Joe Biden sending some of our best to a conflict that shouldn't even involve us?
Why are our soldiers being put at risk for the Nutinyahoo regime??
Why were they illegally boarding vessels?
Were these SEALs on the USS Liberty?
Slo jo getting our boys killed for what? Nothing
Already dead not injured first?
West coast based Navy seals missing and Japan, USA, & Spain can’t find them?  They jumped in after What?? (21,000 sq. Miles were searched* = 13,440,000 Acres)
I wonder what really happened???
What if they are not dead and its secret mission the first story was bullshit..
And what did they do on the other side of the world?
Would you jump in after your friend with a 99% chance you will probably drown?
But...were they found?
Somehow, somewhere theres more to this story, don't you think?
What would they have them jump in 8 foot swells in the first place? I would never send my best in 8 foot swells without some kind of master plan. Our seals are soooo valuable to us! This is terrible. I’m so sad for their families. I can’t imaging what they were thing before they died. Especially the second one who jumped in to see his brother………😢
Either I’m having déjà vu or this happened about four or five days ago. Why are they covering? What is happened? An 045 days ago they’re late while they doing it now.
When was the last time Lloyd Austin was seen in public? 🤔
Sad, but seems sketchy. Whatever became of the Iranian weapons?  Is Lloyd Austin back on post, and who did he report to since it wasn't Joe? Lack of transparency makes my mind more curious
Dead or captured? I hope they are not somewhere being tortured. Praying for a miracle.
But what if they are held captive somewhere? You might not know that. How can you declare them deceased it's not enough information
So protocol is for 1 guy jumps in and everyone else looks?
This has soooo many plot holes... what about the sailors on-board the ship? Did they not stick around to help? Being searched tells me they didn't want to stick around... also did they ever find them? As in the body's? Sure it's almost impossible to locate at sea but still.. seems sketchy through & through
They don't have trackers on?
What did they know about Epstein ?
Why did Joe Biden fund terrorist attacks by eliminating President Trump's Iran sanctions?
If there was only two and both went missing, how do we know what happened? Am I missing something?
Why were they there in the first place?
did the gps fail on both of them?
2 Navy Seals drowned? How?
Was PETA informed about this????  That is cruelty to animals.
Surely it wasn’t just them, where was the rest of the team? Did they abort or continue to board? No flotation devices, dye packs, strobes, gps, WHISTLES… nothing?
Yu know Note8 button cost about a dollar, how fkn hard was that?
Did they hire DEI people to find them?
HOW???? just a crime on the part of the military.
Who are they? What are their names.