Gumball v Dream beef was 1 year ago? Feels like it's been only months.
Might be watching this in 2025, but why tf was MoistCr1TiKaL’s fake moaning so funny- 😂
You know what else is crazy?
0:23 Massive? You know what else is massive?
Can someone explain why people call dream a narcasist and all this stuff i have never watched him or anything so im just confused on what has happened
Is that actually confirmed to be what Dream looks like? I knew he'd look like a punk kid but that guy looks like a real malnourished addict college kid which I guess is kind of what people think of him and his persona. I remember for like years the little easter egg scavenger hunt people had trying to face reveal dream and theyd come up with someone and a couple months later it would be debunked. I feel like that guy would look a little more filled out than that since he is wealthy and im sure primarily eats high quality foods. or hes just going hard on the substance abuse, who knows for sure not me. Only 4 reasons why a guy would become malnourished. A. Drugs    B. A medical issue    C. Depression and D. A lack of income to be able to afford a healthy amount of food but Dream aint got that problem so its either A B or C
What "Thirst Traps" has he posted????
How does it feel to spread dangerous misinformation?
What spread faster, The rumor and the accusations against him or Dream trying to say that he didn’t do it?
Why tf Is a 24 year old man hanging out with minors In the first place? Bro might not have much evidence against him but he definitely seems like a predator. Atleast that's what people would refer to him as If he didn't have the platform he does.
Penguiz0, how do you exactly remember what shane dawson sounds like when he moans????? very sus.
Remember when dream was just a decent Minecraft' youtuber?
So many gr00mers nowadays, what the hell happened to society?
The heck happened here, i literally stop watching anything invole dream after hearing some drama about people hating his real face so i just wait for it to cool down and kinda forgot about it until this?! What the heck?? Omg i need to learn more about this before judging something.
correct me if i'm wrong, but aren't they in the united states where the drinking age is 21? could dream face penalties for drinking with someone underage?
Did Dream try to say that the vid with Cantu was fake too or at least say he wasn’t behind the camera? If you found evidence to the contrary doesn’t that mean he’s hiding a lot?
Is this Antonio Brown?
What did Rumpelstiltskin do this time?
Wtf is a dream thirst trap?
I keep hearing SO many different stories, is Dream guilty, how, and why? (Answer below)
also, the fact Nic is being blamed *more* than Dream when Nic was drunk, high, *and* having an episode while Dream does all his problematic shit when hes SOBER AND MENTALLY WELL? 😭
Dudes MOAN?! I’ve had sex before and I’ve never moaned in sex, 😅
why are this man's eyebrows so perfect
Dreams a filthy dirtbag cheater why are you even attempting to defend him?
what thirst traps 😭
Isnt Dream the one who did the stupid face reveal?
Can we REALLY be surprised when a Minecraft Youtuber is outted as a pdf.file?
Why was dream even with gumball thats so random 😭
Wasn't Cantu a minor in that video? so he recorded a drunken & high minor saying some some bullshit in a manic state, kept it for months and then posted it when the pedo allegations where getting a lot of traction
Aren't there new allegations against Dream that he jerked off to a Technoblade cosplayer?
I read another allegation that Gumball is angry because Dream started sucking his c*ck at the party but didnt let him finish, because the uber arrived. And Gumball was blaming Dream because he called an Uber too early. Is this really true? If so, then it is Dream's fault.
A guy did what while passing a kidney stone???
The answer is really simple: does he have any legal charges against him? If the answer is no, he is innocent. If the answer is yes, he is innocent, until proven guilty. This is a non-story.
Is anyone really thankful for twitter?
There ain't no way that moaning video is Dream, would someone with that many followers really send something like that? Seriously doubt it. He doesn't strike me as an idiot.
I dont like dream one bit, but at the same time nicholas cantu's egotistical self absorbed vent rant is just pathetic. I dont really get why people are fully just siding with nicholas cantu. Both are trash, which is worse? That's up for debate. I really dont care for both.
Has no one learned ANYTHING since Cryaotic?
Is this eren Yeager’s official YouTube channel?
Stopped to video to find out WTF did he do to his cat?!???
How is sending a moaning video unbelievable to him when edp sent his shit pics
Is there even evidence? Or is it just random bull----
I dont know about dream and all that, but why are minors on snapchat? Why does snapchat even still exist? I thought it died a decade ago
The oddness of seeing only 8 likes when the video was posted 2 days ago is *wild.* surely my YouTube must be glitching? Charlie’s videos get way more traffic than that
what the fuck that is the evidence??
What is it with people just dedicating their lives to driving Dream insane?
Charlie how do you constantly make 6k every other day by just commenting on twitter drama? No hate form me! I would love to be mentored on how you do it!
Theres dream drama again?
Wasnt callmecarson brutalized for talking to an above age fan sexually? Why are we not holding dream to the same standard?
Why is it always a minecraft youtuber? What the FUCK is happening on minecraft that turns these people into freaks?
Controversy? Don’t know which side is real but the defendant has a bad reputation so it probably is?  Dream really be pulling a Micheal Jackson out here huh 💀
0:33 Honestly who is thankful about that?
Am I the only one supporting Gumball here?
Didn't Dream and Penguinz0 play Among Us together at one point? Dang, how low he's stooped
People still like Dream? Didn't he cheat at a speedrun once or something? lol
Why does Nicholas Cantu sound like Badger from Breaking Bad?
So suddenly it's "How can you prove it was Dream?" yet just a few months ago you guys believed everything about Justin Roiland was legit? Why?
why did u include the sound with the evidence, wtf
Wait um moistcr1tikal doesnt bowblax video show dream basically admitted the moaning video is real?
Who is dream
Bro at this point you really just gotta sit down n stay in ur lane yk? Dream buddy take the day off and see a therapist or something
How did people not know dream was a groomer from ages ago lmao
First I see Donut Daddy and now this? WHY?
why would you let me have to hear that moaning tho?  Like... I already believed you man..
wait WHAT? how is Dream not cancelled like Colleen is?? Sending weird moaning clips to minors isnt enough for a YTer to get cancelled?
How the Fuq have I not heard of almost anyone Charlie talks about in these types of videos?
Why do we still care?
You notice how all this shit started after he face revealed? Makes you wonder if the reason he did that was so he could start talking to his fans like a fuckin weirdo
who t f are dream and goombal?
See what I don't get about every controversy that arises from the actions of a famous person, is that at some point in their career they probably thought to themselves, "alright here's the game plan: don't mess this up. Play it cool and safe and you won't go down the drain with all the others". Is there a point where their ego gets so big that the thought of losing their fame becomes too baffling to consider, are these "heat of the moment" situations that are blown out of proportion, doe fame attract a certain type of person, or do they become so big that they attract fans whose sole mission in life is to bring public figures down for whatever rationale they're running with?  Especially with this situation because you would half expect a Tiger Woods style story with dozens of women approaching the stage to lay their claim to the can of worms which would be indisputable evidence against him, but the whole thing follows directly after an altercation with a voice actor and all of it is easy to dispute?
Did i seriously just watch a 10 minute video for a moaning clip with a black screen?
your eyebrows are very clean. do you get them done?
bruh Gumball really beaten up Dream  *what in the fuck?*
I know this is not the point, but Charles, if you can't see the thought process behind sending someone a video of just moaning when you're horny, can you rationalize the thought process behind unsolicited dick pics? Men really send those expecting that to win a woman over, as if we're going to have it pop up on our screen and be like: "Ah yes, this is a person I want to be around." We receive weird shit from men all the time, this isn't that much weirder.
Non american/britisch speaker here. Just a quick question, whats a thirst trap?
Wait, there's a video of a guy cumming while he passes a kidney stone?
2:30, wait I’ve like missed a lot of stuff regarding Dream, why do most people think he’s a narcissist now?
Shane did what?
How is charlie #13 on trending for gaming? this isnt a gaming video?
Who? What? I'm too old for this shit.
How can you trust someone who had the ego to challenge technoblade when he isnt a pvp minecraft youtuber. Not saying techno was unbeatable but that he didnt really want to fight but dream was so confident he would win, he peered pressured techno into fighting him. And lost...
6:19 MOIST WHAT KIND OF FACES ARE THOSE?
but what makes me made about content creaotrs is they always seem to post shit online (becasue it gets money and views and attention for them) but they dont go to the police to keep it private and actaully do something in terms of  justice. its all a content grab wheather its real or fake. why doesnt he go get a lawyer and go to the police and do it behind the scenes? why does it have to be some video talking about it. if it messes you up that bad, go through the proper channels and get him charged. until then i dont really belive anything from anyone
all the pussys feel sotty for this guy now? we all say "cheaters deserve wahtever they get" and he does if you cheat once no matter in waht game you deserve the karma you reap after that. i stand by those words 0 empathy for such losers.
6:19 You mean its not normal the moan like that? Doesn't everyone make those sounds? Kind of like you're trying to fight back vomit mid conversation?
Ha ha ha, dream whimpering asmr 10h loop when?
Even if the claims are real, what’s gonna happen? He’s still gonna have a defense force of 14 year old girls, and he’s still gonna be rich and successful. Like I’d like to see consequences, but I just don’t see that happening.
can someone in the comments explain to me what happened between dream and gumball's va im actually so fucking confused
Are we talking about Minecraft dream or musician dream
Does anybody else watch all Charlie’s videos and not know who these people are?
Josh giddy situation?
Why is it that Minecraft Youtbers either become - Mediocre Content Creator - Sexual Predator - Both
why haven't you talked about p diddy???
Wait. Kidney stone orgasm??? I need too see
Can someone explain me what Charlie meant with "Dream posting thirst traps"? (I know what a thirst trap is)
wierd video to make considering theres no evidence and if thats not what your gonna say why cast more doubt on it?
why is ever footage so distorted and blurry
Where there’s smoke there’s fire. I don’t know, why do these streamers always get accused of stuff? There’s something they did. How come other streamers never have a single accusation?  It’s all about what you do and say when interacting with your fans
Why is it that just lately the 'Like' count seems to be the SAME on EVERY vid, regardless of the channel 🤔
Where is the reset button lol everything is just going downhill for everyone
Grooming is wrong, but gumball seems like a piece of shit. Can someone tell me what dream did wrong?
Should Dream hire an Astro-physicist professor to help prove he isn’t a pedo? Asking for a friend
Charlie moaned for free???
Who even is “Dream”?
Isn't it already old
who tf is Dream?
Where the fuck is Darwin!?
Can you make a video about the Josh Giddey situation in the NBA?
do people actually celebrate thanksgiving ? i thought it was just one of them weird meme holidays Americans come up with like national hamburger day
Didn't dream admit the audio is him?
Did dream not confirm it was him in the videos?
Wait he has a dog??
5:36 nani?! my hips are moving on their own?!
Um can Charlie please never demonstrate moaning, like never ever again…? 😅
is this twitter imploding on itself?
Dream did what to my turtle at 3am?!
Why TF is Dream still around? He hasn't made a video in forever and clearly just attracts hate
Who in the fuck is Dream?! I have never heard of him in the 14 years I’ve watched YouTube
Who sends moaning videos
Why does everything happen with Dream
The whole time I’m thinking “who tf is dream?” This makes me feel better
didnt dream confirm that yes it was him in that snapchat video, but on his private account?
How is this 1# for GAMING?
What if he hid his identity just in case things like this happened, they wouldn't know who he was lol
Why does the minecraft community have so much damn drama
Why is your thanksgiving food moving on your desk?
Why is it that someone who I dont really care about or even like at all actually ends up being a creepy or non good person?? for a few years now I have not cared for Dreams content, or really liked him, and I always felt his fanbase was toxic cause every Dream fan I encountered would act like a jackass lmao (though to be fair, like Charlie said, majority of them are children, so they probably don`t know better) do I just have a bad person senser built into my brain? lmao
Ok so one is atleast allegedly talking sexually to minors and other is probably anti semetic and racist? Ok they're both bad . Saw this while video and still dont understand what's going with these two
was it too hard to research that dream wasnt the one who filmed nick and nick was the one who TOLD his friend to film him? also it was not a manic episode and nick said that he wasnt blackout drunk, just a little
Why is it always so minecraft youtuber 💀💀
6:19 hmmmm this sounds exactly like the snaps i got last night. Coincidence?
Didn't he have a face reveal thing a little while back? Where were these accusations when he finally came public with his appearance? It's odd that nobody said anything that caught anyone's attention when his face was finally revealed. It seems that would have been a great moment to provide any proof you have that could match his image, whereas before it would be just audio or messages anyone could make. Like Charlie says at one point in this vid. Why now, and not back then when he had all that attention.
I don’t like Dream but I don’t understand why people are upset at him recording someone who was freaking out towards him, like any normal person would definitely get their phone out if they felt threatened and wanted to prove their innocence and now everyone is attacking him for it ? Doesnt make much sense
has anyone made a porn version of Godslap called Godfap yet?
Guys do you all realise that girls actually find a man moaning for them hot?
How did we get to the point of giving these people any attention
so.... did he fake that speed run or naw?
Is dream that minecraft guy that owns that SMP server?
not relavent at all but anyone else wondering what it would look like watching charlie record this?
The guy who faked his way to fame got more allegations? No wayyy
why do all the big youtubers always have embarrassing and/or life altering controversies
Why are there so many pedophiles?
Meanwhile me: who’s dreamer?
I wonder how the timeline where most known influencers arent narcissistic weirdos is
was that guy actually orgasming when passing the kidney stones screaming? I thought he was peeing what the heck
Hasn't gumball had five different voice actors? I'm going to have to do my research to find out which one he was. Not that it changes the story I'm just curious. ...... Also about the moaning video yes strangers on the internet to send sometimes 😢.
Has anyone told you your eyebrows on fleek?
"Why doesn't Dream just ignore accusations of rape, grooming and so forth that affects his life?" I swear, everyone on both sides are absolutely fucking braindead here.
are you gonna cover Colleen balingars second apology video? She made another one like two days ago
What in the.... Wut du hell bluddddd...... Wtf was that moan!!!!!
under dream dream theres stan dream ? bit fishy as to why there are dream accounts, however who still uses snap lol
why do people even obsess over this uninteresting guy lol
how is it thanksgiving i thought you were joking. thanksgiving is in october????
why are people so adamant to cancel dream? 🤣
Was Nicholas Cantu just on Kill Tony a few weeks ago?
Does someone have a clip of when Charlie did his groaning reference. I need it for research purposes
Don’t you have like Jesus thinks to do on thanksgiving?
So the one meme where he went to chile because the age of consent was like 12 or 15 might be true? Damn 💀
Is it just me or am i slowly realizing most pedos are these youtubers with a younger audience?
Why the fuck were they in a car together? Why gumballs voice actor in particular?
Is this guy just addicted to being under controversy? Are we sure that this "2nd hand claim" wasn't made by Dream himself?
Holy #### only 10 likes? Is there a glitch or something???
He's friends with Gumball's VA?
Why no one is held accountable for falsely accusing people of heinous crimes?
cat: this stupid cable is in my way  dog: how the fuck come does the cat get to be on the desk but I can't?
6:19 pink guy charlie?
Nickelodeon vs Dreamworks?
Speaking of YouTuber drama, is sssniperwolf still demonetized?
Why do you people care about this kind of stuff?
Dream moaning? Ew.
Who’s dream?
Didnt dream cheat in a minecraft challenge? Why should we trust him?
How fast is someone going to clip charlie and make a meme.... haha.... Moist is god tier for the dry sarcasm 😂
What is up with this groomer pedo exposing cancel culture it’s getting old and dangerous it’s 99% bullshit I don’t like dream but I’m not gonna jump on the accusation train with no evidence inquisitor ghost offed himself because of this shit and at the end of the day people discovered he was innocent this accusation shit gets people attention that’s why there’s so much “exposing” it’s trial by fire YouTubers and creators become judge jury and executioner it needs to stop
Why anybody still trusts or likes Dream after the whole falsifying a speedrun WR is beyond me, it would have been fine if he had just come out clean about it but the dude went to such lengths to prove his innocence, and it was all dogshit proof, but in the end he didn't even apologize for it and just hoped it would die down and it did.
The funny thing with the "Dream vs Gumball" arc, is that Nicolas Cantu is apparently Pansexual and the majority of the lgbtqa+ gave him the F-slur pass because of how Hated dream is. Also to give more context to that situation, that clip was recorded months and months ago, Nicolas was 19, drunk off his ass, and had a manic episode, but this begs the question what was dream doing with a drunk minor?? (By American standards) and Dream Held on to that video to use as blackmail. Yeah Drunk Nick may of said some awful shit, but Dream actively tried to use a drunk minor's episode as blackmail on top of the shit he's already accused of.
Am I the only one putting the 5 seconds of Charlies moaning on repeat forever?
I have a doubt: Why is this video number 4 trending on Gaming???
Where are the ai topic comments?
Why isnt ai doing topics
4:08 are people really taking this shit that seriously? That sounds like a prank 13 years old will play and laugh about to the friends. This got to be just joke
Dream? A white minecraft let's player turning out to be a pdfile and groomer? What a surprise.
What thirst traps has he posted? I checked his insta and twitter he don’t post anything sexy lmao
heya, not native english speaker here and not an american either! As such I am not quite familiar with the concept of "slurs", so I am a bit confused by the people claiming that "the F word" is a slur that should never be said, more so when 10 years ago it seemed everybody was using that word pretty freely and while it was still an insult it wasn't considered the bomb that it is today.  How do this type of words go from "it's bad to say it and very impolite" to "you are a monster if you ever utter those letters in that order"? This is a legitimate question, in my native language we don't have ANY word that we consider that can't ever be said under any circumstance... we don't have an equivalent to a word that is so bad we have to mention it by the first letter only.  I became interested on that notion after reading this comment section. Can someone explain this to me? this seems like a cultural difference i find interesting.
Dream is still relevant?
Dream vs the man who killed technoblade?
Asking legitimately, does it matter that I don't care either way what happens with Dream? I know of him, I don't watch him. Like I get bad people doing bad things is bad and not good. But if I just don't really care and just want to see how it ends, am I a garbage person?
To be honest I do sort of believe the video is his because in one of his tweets he classes it as "revenge p*rn," why would he take the state of revenge p and not fake p if it wasn't actually him? Just seems iffy but he might just be stupid or thought revenge p was something else idk
wtf is a thirst trap?
Dream? Maybe, but I wouldn’t call the situation crazy.
Who tf is dream? What's his content?
Is that a Gundam Exia?
Wait, what was wrong with Dream filming the Gumball actor being a shithead and showing it? There's nothing wrong with someone exposing your bad behavior? Charlie, literally almost every video you've ever made was someone else bad being shown.
the dog just disappears ?
Charlie doesn’t know how big moaning and whimper audios are?💀
Someone correct me if I’m wrong.. didn’t dream get ‘famous’ from on YouTube by playing Minecraft??? All I need to know is
charlie what situation isnt crazy to you?
Wait, so the voice of Gumball was using slurs, and people sided with him? I get not wanting to side with Dream, with what he has done in the past, but that doesn’t mean you have to side with Nicholas either. That’s how we keep getting bad presidents. People are really flocking to one evil or the other, rather than choosing neither. Unless is the people who are blind fans or oblivious, and think their idol can do no wrong. And for those who try to argue Nicholas was drunk when he said those things, alcohol tends to bring out the true colors of a person, because it removes shame and self-awareness. It basically mutes the conscience.
What else did he do this time?
Wait a guy passing a kidney stone while cumming???
Pokimane Cookie Drama, Kpop Made In Abyss Drama and now Dream Drama, whats next? 😂
Wait what did Shane Gillis do to his cat?
Is this dream guy the one everybody lagged at for the face reveal?
Can you prove that his fans are children Charlie? Or are you just parroting something you heard but didn't actually think about?
I wonder why there was someone below the legal drinking age blackout drunk in your car, dream…?
Wasn’t dream the dude who revealed his face not that long ago and twitter roasted him?
my thing is why would dream say there was “revenge porn” of him going around if that’s not him in the snapchat videos?? to me that’s him admitting it’s him but idk
What happen to men that dont complain. Looks weak
Now who was first to upload, Pyro or Charlie?
How hard is it to stay away from kids? Whats going on with all these people
I wonder if people ever get tired of being involved in drama.  I don’t really care about anything that happens haha
Is court that expensive that all that there ever is are accusations?
how did he even end up with the va?
Why is the second chapter of the video names Mazda Miata?😂 I tapped the screen and thought I was on a different video by accident😂
who tf are these people
Wait, you don't all have broken families and are enjoying Thanksgiving?
Why is ur channel just a drama channel now
Is it crazy tho?
Why is everyone turning out to be pedophiles.
Tf is a thirst trap?
What if we had like, a system of courts to decide who's guilty instead of Twitter?
This Dream guy is cringe, who tf is even dream?
Hang on a second, you're telling me there are actually people still using Twitter?
What if dream created those fake accounts, actually sent those moans to minors and made them look legit fakes in order to get away with it. Big brain
Is he gonna hire a mathematician for his vid?
what is thanksgiving? some murrican thing?
Hey Charlie, if possible can you make a video about the riot in Dublin?
Is Dream a pedo? Thats all I keep hearing
Why is this shit always Minecraft YouTubers? Are we going to get allegations against Mumbo Jumbo one day? Or Grian? What the fuck is happening? lol
U know what’s got my head scratching? That when that Amanda girl first came out (the main person) will the allegations against Dream has later stated like a year ago that she was gonna take legal action. This had made dream lawyer up and was advised to keep quiet. However a while has passed an nothing happened like if the person have the Snapchat logs to prove that he have groomed then why not post it? Why just post pics of several convos and not just the whole shebang? Like wouldn’t that be crucial for a legal case?
does he not have a PR manager??
Why do all these big Minecraft YouTubers turn to miners, like I get mining is a big part of the game but let these people work smh
Why is it so common for these alleged videos of proof for scenarios like this shot in 240p.
Is Dream really a narcissist? I don't get that from what I've seen of him, obviously anyone who goes to 10s of millions of subs overnight is gonna be a bit self-centred, but I'd think he's one of the least when compared to others in his position. But maybe there's more going on that I don't know about...
Are we gonna ignore the cat stepping in and the dog looking up at the screen?
So uh, I know that you don't like watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade every single year, but did you at least watch this year's iteration?
2:44 HELLO? What thirst traps?💀 yall be making everything up to try and cancel this man even more
Has anyone else noticed how many damn pedophiles and groomers have been spotted/accused of such things this year? There's also the YouTubers spoctor going through drama like this. It's like 2023 is pedo accusing/exposing year.
why are there so many youtubers these days who get so many attention. for no reason. who cares?
What's twitter?
When is the FBI gonna hire Detective Charlie?
So the pokimane "drama" was "horrible", but this story which includes blatant racism is only "crazy" or "wild"? Clown shoes.
What about Josh Giddey?
At what point does neglect become malice? At what point do you see your fans DOXing, harassing, sending death threats, etc, before it becomes your responsibility for not saying anything? Dream's community is probably the most toxic group online, and what has he done to help deal with this problem? Nobody's responsible for their audience, but there comes a point where refusing to address it is just morally wrong.
Can we take a moment to appreciate Charlie’s full, luscious and perfectly symmetrical eyebrows?
Is that a video response I see in the description box? Can't wait for all the OF girls to learn about that feature so YT can remove it again.
When has he ever posted a thirst trap?! Selfied yes, but I don't think you know what a thirst trap picture is if you think he's posting them. Also his demographic is not mostly kids, that's a misconception about alot of minecrafters
Why whould you moan a minor whould not even understand that as sexual intent makes no sense
Can we get a video of your fur babies 🥺
Okay, I know Dream isn’t popular, but are we really rallying around the guy who started spouting slurs?? Y’all are wild, if someone started calling me slurs, drunk or not, I’d record that shit too
Should we also ban women wearing bikinis at the beach, women wearing wat they like in public, or ads tv movies etc with "thirst traps"? Idk this guy but I j feel like somebody hates him real bad
How do you claim youre not a pedo, but.. you dont deny sending moaning vids to minors you just refer to it as Revenge Porn?? Like HUh?
Is it jiminty the cricket or Christmas ?
I'm no fan of Dream but how is Dream a narcissist??? Also you're giving Dream more or a benefit of the doubt than YandereDev, despite both of them getting accused of the same thing with little evidence.
Omg is your cat a Maine Coon?
Am I supposed to know who the hell this person even is?  Literally never seen or heard of him in my life...
Didn’t Dream admit to messaging minors on Snapchat while he was on a livestream? And didn’t he excuse it by saying, “Well yeah, Snapchat is a messaging app”? Did anyone else hear about this or am I actually insane
why do all these gamers have a miner fetish
Shayne Dawson did what???
Man remember when Dream was some cool minecraft guy who played with his friends? What happened? I’ve lost so much respect for him and now I’m stuck with an overpriced hoodie
How do I get a chance at the gamersupps claw machine
Is Dream a pedo? Csn someone give a simple answer
Isn't Dream a Speedruning  cheater?
But is sending videos of a guy moaning worse than sending a pice of poop?
where is the golden pepe statue
What do think of the giddy situations 😥
how tf do you get into beef with the voice actor of gumball?💀💀
Who tf is dream lol
6:18 For Free?!
Can someone plz tell me what meme he is talking abt at 5:03
Isn't this the same kid who hired a lawyer to lie about a lego game battle?
Notice the "Are you Jewish?" when hes listing all of his success but it cuts out lol totally not a "stereotype"
ok but seriously who is dream?
What exactly does a response video actually do?  We've seen how valueless his personal input is with the whole minecraft speedrunning video.
So Dream is the new mini ladd? Wtf
Honestly does anyone genuinely care about this drama that deeply? I feel its mostly just comical
Can we get a episode of the official podcast about this?
Yet somehow people are still hating on Dream in this scenario? lol is there more? Am I missing something from this video?
Can't believe JakePaul  and Alissa violet broke up... what is going to happen to Team 10?
I don’t get why all of these commentary channels are sharing the moaning video. Like if either side is proven right it’s still an illegal thing to share??? Like if Dream is right y’all are sharing revenge p*rn and if the alleged victim is right then you’re sharing someone m*sturbate to a child? How is most of Twitter “right” if the majority are making light of the situation and telling anyone supporting Dream horrible things. Either side is a serious matter, and none of y’all seem to care and only see “haha cringe Minecraft YouTuber I hate is a kiddie diddler, lets doxx his house and put other people who have nothing to do with it in danger.” First time I’ve ever disagreed with moist.
Why is it all of them? I didnt even like Dream and it turned out he was a creep, but why is it that like literally almost all Minecraft Youtubers end up being creeps? It's not even funny to joke about anymore, because it feels like at least 6 times out of 10 it turns out they're actually just that disgusting
the question is why are minors on such platforms?
I wonder if dream is gonna hire a maths professor to prove his innocence
I wonder if Dream's going to press charges against the Gumball guy. Even though I dislike Dream, I find the Gumball voice actor to be cringe and chronically online just like Dream. I hope he gets charges against him and IF dream actually is a pedo and not just a cringe guy, then I hope his victims press charges, though it's been about a year with no charges pressed yet.
Anyone have the kidney stone video?
Man these dramas are crazy, we got the MrBeast African Well drama and now this? What's next?
The minecraft YouTuber?! Impossible
Is this just the Youtuber exit strategy now? Just get caught up in shit and bleed subscribers until there's none left?
But dream ain't even record it, right?
Charlie’s hair looks so much thicker and healthier!?
I wonder if Dream is mentally ill.
Can we get more cat content
Why is everyone surprised about Dream? He IS a Minecraft YouTuber after all
I wonder if the guy never face revealed, would this stuff have happened XD
Didnt we stop associating with dream once he was found out to be cheating in his speed runs? Why is he even still a youtuber let alone a successful one
Can your editor pitch down the screams ? It is very loud 😢
who tf is watching dream thirst traps
Are you going back in time to get turkeys off the menu to?
Do you think he's gonna pull out the note blocks in the apology video?
Can someone explain to me why does dream post thirst traps to he's 10-13 year old fans???
How is dream a narcissist? He like, hates his own face and hid it for years? I dont know his content well though, but that doesn't seem narcissistic to me?
Bro why's it always the Minecraft youtubers?
Who shot Johnny Joestar?
why is it always the minecrafters
How tf does he get into so much trouble
Three Charlie moaning, audio?
where did tetra go??????
Can someone explain what he actually did before the recent accusations and why so many are hating on him? I don't know much about dream except that he's a famous youtuber so I'm genuinely curious
Heard Dreams name tho dont know anything about him... Wasnt he the dude who cheated in minecraft?! P.s. Now people will use charlies moaning to try and cancel him 😅😂
Who is Dream anyway? Besides that random meme face, what does he even do!? 😅
how does bro take over a year to supposedly find evidence that he wasnt being horny for children (still none provied) but take 20 seconds to find blackmail on someone who was mentally unstable
I wonder if Charlie will talk about the Josh Giddey situation
Dream?! The guy who cheated on Minecraft a kids game and then tried to defend himself 🤮🤮🤮
How are content creators so confident they can be fucking weirdos and get away with it? When I was younger I was too scared to even sext girls because I thought they would show their friends and nobody even cared about me. If I had a following I would be watching porn on a laptop I bought on craigslist using a vpn or some shit lmao.
Where can I find the Dream moaning video? ... I'm asking for a friend 🙈
Who is that and why should I care
Why is it always Minecraft YouTubers 😂
Why do people keep mentioning pyrocynical?
Hasn’t Dream been exposed as a goof (kiddy diddler) multiple times now?
5:05 what meme?
Didn’t all of this stuff start after he did his face reveal? Or was it before?  Also, I just miss the old time when it was just the old videos. I’ll always love watching clips of him wheezing. But I don’t like where things are with him now.
how hard is it for youtubers not to touch children
What's the deal? Another pedo?
Who tf is Dream?
With all the weird shit Charlie has seen, and he's surprised someone would send cringe messages with audio of them moaning?
Why is he so consistent
do more vids with the dog and the cat please
Man why target dream? First when he had amazing RNG and people doubt.. now some democrat claims more lies.. why can't people just focus on making their world better by starting at home and not by screaming and running around in circles yelling "racist, sexist, and rape"
pyro beat you dude, how did you let that happen?
anyone else mute that one part?
Why is it so hard for influencers to live without commiting disgusting crimes?
Isn't dream that guy who has to cheat at minecraft? Why wouldn't he try to cheat at Twitter too? I can see him muddying the water with fake accounts to make the legit accusations seem like just another random list of accusations with little to no clear understanding of what the actual truth is.
why is there hair on his desk
is dream even real maybe hes just a... dream
Have yall watched the latest skibidi toilet?
Why is it dream just cannot stop getting into drama?
Is being a pedo a cannon event for Minecraft YouTubers?
pyrocynical was first??!?!?!?!
what's thanks giving? (I'm British)
Alll I heard was he was a groomer is there more???
Y’all really on the bandwagon huh?
what did he do this time
What did he do now..
WHAT THE FUCK IS A THANKS GIVING MATE?