Does anyone else find it interesting that both eye pokes on Caitlin Clark were from the Connecticut Sun teams? They can't stop her with good sportsmanship so they go to take out her eyes.
Is the WNBA the 90s NBA now which is way better than the 2025 baby NBA
What was Sophie thinking?  She waited until the last possible moment to get Sheldon as she knew she would be ejected.  Smart thinking.  I loved it!!  They complain the Sheldon didn't see it coming.  Neither did Caitlin when shoved by as..... Mabrey but was she rejected?  Need some consistency with the refs.
Can we get a pic of James & Sophie together
What would happen if someone should injured CC to a point that her career is cut short? I would pity the person who injure CC in such a manner. Perhaps the whole of the WNBA will crash down upon her and her career may be at jeopardy.
How did CC get a technical after Sheldon chest bumped her AFTER the eye-poke?
Maybe Griner can get Sheldon a contract with Russia? She'd make a good prison cellmate?
Does AJ Hawk ever say anything, or do they just put him on screen for shits and giggles?
When did the three stooges eye gouge become legal?  I seen quit a few of them on all different teams.
Do you ever get the feeling that the WNBA is a tax write off for the NBA and that's why they don't care if CC gets hurt? Seems like making money isn't what it was created for.
Somebody should ask another great shooter @Jackie Stiles if this style of play is what shortened her career? CC is bigger but hopefully she doesn't suffer the same fate of a shortened career because of injuries... Love Sofie standing on business!
How much coke is Pat on? Every time I see the dude he's standing up ranting lol
You like that!?!!
Since when was body checking someone part of basketball?  It seems more like a hockey kind of thing to me.
karate? Sophie's move looked more like pro wrestling, pulled her off the corner rope and face planted her...
why F1 catching a stray at 5:47? That stuff is getting exciting
Why is no one talking about Lexi hull standing up for Caitlin also.  She immediately got in Sheldon's face
So why aren't people behind Stewart and Ionescu like they are behind CC? And they are way more accomplished in college and pro.
How is Clark not in the ad. Face off the league. They don’t want to succeed
Where was her other teammates when she first got fouled ???
Question: next season or two, when the next Caitlin Clark comes to the WNBA, rookie season, but she isn’t white, same energy for her rookie season???
Marion Mabrey?  Dude, learn their names.
How would Coach Hawk (girls basketball coach veteran. Pretty sure they were champs or close to it!) handle coaching Caitlin? 4 enforcers with her at all times?
Maybe Andrew Nembhard should take some notes on the eye-gouge technique for defending SGA?
Ummmm...I had to pause this video at the immediate moment.... are we talkin about a holdout??? If the WNBA is so against the whiteness of Cailin Clark, that they would LITERALLY SABOTAGE the ENTIRE LEAGUE, to holdout for what? The WNBA has operated, within the ENTIRETY of its existence, outside of this season, at a deficit. 12 teams operate at an average of -$12 million/season. What are you holding out for? The effort in futility would be catastrophic!
This is the second time she's been intentionally eye poked. When will the wnba act?  After she suffers a career ending injury?  Is that what they want,    To commit organizational suicide?
How the f*** Is CC not the main person on that poster to show they are going to the Cup final game?
CC get body checked forever dozens of slaps to the face off ball then gouge to right eye while dribbling in her left hand no where near the ball body checked again while blinded then gets a blindsided hit to the head and tripped slamming into the floor  Refs….? Give CC a technical foul. For what Oh for getting assaulted
Think Fever play Minnesota july 1st??
How about disallowing the long fingernails?
Are goons allowed to be that beautiful?
Why do they wear clothes
How much longer does this need to go on for?  I can’t even watch anymore…
Would the NBA allow this to happen to Steph, SGA, etc? If not….fix it.
Wait!! Where's the racist stuff at? I thought it was just the black girls jealous? All the bigots that rush to support Caitlin can't do anything.😅. But that Cunningham is a smoke show that can fight. Put her in some commercials.
Did anyone notice Sophie grab  lacy when she was going full speed to the basket. Black people and White people see things different for sure.  Toe to toe would be considered an enforcer. That was more of a cheap shot .
I wonder what it would take for CC to bring back the 'you can't see me' hand action back?? What would be the people's and players response to that I wonder?
Where is AB in helping CC?
Who wants a UFC style match on pay per view with Cunningham vs Sheldon?  Use the money to hire better refs.😊
Time for a spin off league poaching the top players?
Why are 90% of these players lesbians?
Why aren't any of the other teammates stepping in for her...They needed at least two enforcers..
Why is CC teammates not like Sophie, i get disappointed watching everyone stand around while cc gets blindsided . smh
Good Thing Sophie has her back but where the hell is Boston? She should be in there protecting her teammate as well. Really good scorer off of Clarks feeds but she needs to show some fight in protecting Catlin.
I have a question. Why won't Caitlin Clark stand up for Caitlin Clark? She gets punked constantly and always slinks off like a meek little lamb. She will never be respected by her peers if she doesn't defend herself.
anyone else convinced pat mcafee cranks it out in bathroom stalls at wnba arenas?
Isn't this really about the 12th or 15th time CC has been seriously assaulted. For one, this was pre planned as all 3 stepped into action once it started.  Seem like some are conspiring and planning. This is not organic. DOJ needs to investigate the WNBA immediately, and everyone who has participated. Including the refs, players and all teams involved.