3:01  Question: What is the % likelihood that this woman voted for Trump?  4:25 Wow! I wrote the above before this little tidbit.  Prediction: Conservatives can’t f*ck*ng count.
What is numeracy ?
What if you believe in both, In my own belief, world is Yin and Yang, so it's always be kind of both like everything is the same side but some side is more dominant than the other side and vice versa.
How though? If you are smart, you would first question whether these numbers are real, and then you would figure out the answer using mathematics. Why go with your beliefs on a math question, because you know that this question doesn't involve real politics?
The the question itself is tricky because is focusing on the cream and is phrased using the words "better" and "worse" linked to the cream. A more fair question should have been  "is it better (or worse) to take the cream rather let your immune system alone do the job?"
So if I answer wrong, I'm actually smarter than previously thought?
what are the numbers for this? : gets out a calculator to do 100/20 and 220/70. Edit: Im just an asian who's salty caus i wasnt allowed to use a calculator as a kid.
On These Math Problems, Smarter 2-digits People Do Worse ?
What are the actual stats on gun crime and restriction relation in your country? Just out of interest.
And here I am, (maybe) overthinking the problem: what about the number of people where the cream had no effect at all? How big are the groups to begin with? Are they as many as the sums, or are there neutral cases?
So, independent thought doesn't exist? Help please, I'm pretty slow...💔
Can't stand people like the lady at 3:03 you think your being smart (working around some trick question) but your an idiot just answer the damn question and be ok being right or wrong.
wdym crime improved/worsened the crime rate? the brutality?
Is it worth paying $1,000 for a small but non-zero chance of receiving effectively infinite money?
It took Marie ten minutes to fold two paper cranes. If she works just as fast, how long will it take for her to fold three more paper cranes?
It took Marie 10 minutes to saw a board into two pieces. If she works just as fast, how long will it take for her to saw another board into three pieces?
So the smart guy uses proportion and gets the right answer, the dumb guy goes for the big number and gets it wrong — so how come the smart guy ends up doing worse?
Wouldn't this prove people who are apolitical or coined as "not swayed easllily" would make better scientists as they would be more open minded to conflicting beliefs and changing views?
How is the numeracy score determined?
So if I got the skin cream answer correct does that mean I'm dumb?
But what was the size of the groups? How many reported no change? The ficticious study is a bad study imo.
When one is presented with FICTITIOUS data about a subject they think they have KNOWLEDGE OF, and FICTITIOUS data CONTRADICTS THEM, they will question the DATA!  I don’t think you have A VALID argument, especially when you talk about GUN CONTROL! Because it is MORE INTRICATE subject than SKIN CREAM!! It has MORAL VALUES involved, and ALWAYS lies from THE LEFT, the HISTORICAL FASCISTS!   and you can see this today in the streets of LOS ANGELES!!
Better by what metric? This is a trick question missing data inputs. Do we assume equal number of participants and the population with no change was not reported or assume the total number of participants in each group had some change? If the rash is terminal, any greater number of improvement to patients is "better". This question stumps dullards.
I don't get the study, it should be equal number of participants, right? Or add a 3rd category of "no noticeable change" or something. Because otherwise it doesn't make sense.
If the questions were asked to 12 -16 year olds, what do you think the results would be?
Vis à vis the two charts at 11:43, how are we defining “science curiosity”? I imagine “science comprehension” was defined using a problem set like the numeracy example, but was “scientific curiosity” a self-reported metric?   I do think people who center curiosity as a central value or character trait tend to be more open to changing their beliefs or holding heterodox views. This is completely based on informal personal observation, so it’s hardly empirical, but still.
The 1st question doesn't really have a correct answer since its missing a lot of data. Are those all the total participants? And its not like an occurrence of side effects makes medication useless. You'd make a choice over whether the medication is effective in a much more nuanced matter. They just make up a tricky question and designate a correct choice based on reasoning not included in the question, if its just about the proportionality its easy of course.
The graph doesn't even have numbers though... is this cases? How can 214 increase and 42 decrease in terms of "cites"?  The first one was easy as it comes, but the second one just has no context.
for the skin cream, what if it never improved or worsened? that was never shown, and as such you cannot conclusively determine whether or not the cream was effective.
is this somehow different from cognitive bias?
What if i don't even understand the question. I'm a genius...
Isn't it possible that the reason very low numeracy people scored better than slightly below average people, that the former are more likely to just blindly guess than to go for even the "intuitive" answer (it approached 50% for the second question even).
Recently Ive been trying to find an answer to the question, "Do people who mostly on themselves or who dont care humanity as a whole or less care about others (outside their family or friends) are the ones most successful? "
Wait... you're not American?
I got the question right, but at what cost?
As none English speaker I was confused by improved / worsened words. Crime improved mean it decrease? Or it increase? :O
Doesn't the graph at 7:04 compared to the one at 4:30 say that while Democrats certainly resisted the "Gun control increases crime" it was considerably less than Republicans on "decreases crime". Then on the reverse effect was not that noticeable at all for Democrats on "Gun control decreases crime" but Republicans on "increases crime" were moved a lot
I am curious about what the gap would be if the data set was separated out by moderates on both sides instead of the far left and rights of the spectrum. Would the scientifically competent still score as bipartisan? Would the scientifically curious score differently from the control? Is this a phenomenon on the ends of the spectrum only, or all the way across the board?
The first question I would have asked was, "are people with no change not represneted in this data, why was rhere such a heavy selection of people using the skin cream?"
There is a problem with the label formulation. What does it mean Crime improved? The answers might be biased by the understanding of the data.
But what about the people whose rash didn't get better or worse?
Why does the Cream statistik not urk much responses in the comments, while i had the pleasure of reading paragraphs on gun control?  In my opinion this says alot about the study.  (Edit: When sorting by newest, there seem to be a more equal amount of comments on both. But in the Top-Comments the engagement is totally different between the two Statistiks.)
The picture they used while discussing sea level rise in S Florida is a joke. Sea level was that high during hurricane Andrew and within hours back to normal. I've been hearing about the rising oceans for 50 years, uh, still waiting. Building on the East coast of the US isn't slowing down, why? Because the oceans aren't rising at an alarming rate. Are we to believe the insurance companies and builders don't care that these buildings will be uninhabitable and they'll lose millions if not billions of dollars. AOC in 2015 "we only have 8 years before it's too late". Good grief.
I have a doubt: does "smarter people" mean numeracy proficient?
The gun control chart just doesn’t make sense, like what do the numbers even mean in this context? The skin care one makes sense because it’s a clear number of people who were either helped or not, but with the gun control one, what is 223 even supposed to be representing ? It could be anything so it’s just more confusing which lends people to then just choose big or small number without even any meaning. This is more of a test your political alignment question than a math dependent question
Is dark matter and dark force 1:26 god?
Dumb question, but did the person presenting the problems say that these were fictitious problems in both cases, only one case or in neither case?
I think we need to dig into how political views become so polarizing that they split people almost perfectly down the middle. What are the odds that, on issue after issue, we end up so evenly divided — especially when we’re often looking at the same statistical, supposedly unbiased information?  If the data suggests that such perfect polarization is unlikely by chance alone, then maybe there’s an invisible hand — some structural or systemic influence — skewing how people interpret the facts. And if that's true, then perhaps we're trying to solve the wrong part of the problem. Maybe we need to start by identifying and dismantling that influence first.
What do you mean smarter people get this wrong? How does that make any sense? These are easy questions.
Did you try "priming" the participants before asking them about the data? I think people would respond differently if they were asked them if they were open minded before looking at the data.
How was the Numeracy score measured?
is this the dunning kruger?
Doesn't this mean that political matters should be argued by people who are apolitical instead of politicians to achieve the most rational political decisions?
Guys I lost the plot at the second fictitious study, how can crime increase and decrease at the same time? Isn't it supposed to be like +200 or -200 crimes cases in single column. Why are there 2 columns 😅. Its not a comparable example as the first fictitious study at all, and everyone just act like it makes sense. I think I'm going crazy or I'm the stupid one omg😂 I need answers
since i got it right does that mean im stupid or extra smart??
Wait I still don't get it maths wise😅 Can someone help please?
Did it matter though if the data was wrong or made up vs true?  Maybe some people have better intuition on the truth.  It also doesn't help with there shear volume of gaslighting.
I got it right, am I dumb?
You changed the question and suddenly i could feel my brain shutting down. What. I guess... at least it seems like i'm still capable of noticing?
How many people used the cream in each group? We don’t have a no effect group.
won the question...... but at what cost?
I wonder if part of is that they believe the question is trying to prove a theory right or wrong and so they're defending that rather than looking at the data.
if i got it right am i not smarter ?
Why do people think its the biggest number? Like I think mostly about proportion when these questions pop up in tests I litterally just think about proportions
What if we fought for a law that, on every social network, a negative interaction would have the same effect, but opposite to every positive interaction? Maybe the polarization would be less, right?
You should have also found conservative and liberal statisticians to ask them the same question. In other words, can we educate ourselves enough to allow the data to determine our decisions and beliefs, and not vice versa?
I don't think this study shows what the video purports it to. I think perhaps this is more a study of how people process information, and I think the results are highly dependent on how people thought about the question. If it was just the question, look at this data and tell me which side is more effective, I think anyone with good math reasoning skills can do it. The problem is that most people don't process the question like that. They process what they perceive to be the linked implications. If you can separate the linked implications from the question at hand, all's well. Most can't or don't, and so the next way of thinking takes hold: We all have settled questions in our minds and, more to the point, in our systems of thinking. It seems, regardless of how you came to settle them, when something challenges those settled questions, we are skeptical. Maybe this shows that people with more literacy on the subject have considered (or maybe believe they have considered) the subject more carefully than others and therefore the question is more settled, and it takes more counter information to move off the settled answer.   At 8:50, that question isn't the question. The question is, how do I know that this evidence is solid evidence? So many people that we can safely assume all people do not have the capacity or the means to answer that question alone. So, we must rely on others, and usually not specific others, but groups of others, to do that for us. Who, more pointedly what group, do you trust to do that? Is it anything else than your tribe?    Maybe the way to less polarization is to just be truthful with information instead of using it to our personal or policical advantage. But then, that might be asking people to not be people.   Wait wait, can it be that the data reinforces the sarcastic answer to the way to less polarization: less information? Is it true that ignorance really is bliss?
This looks like a paradox to me.. so if the dumber people get to find the correct answer to that question, doesn't that subsequently make them the smarter ones ? So again if now they are the smarter ones, what would happen if they get asked the same question again with different numbers? Would they now be right or wrong?
Are you trying to explain the election results or something?
Fair to say middle americans aced it?
why tf r u asking americans
So you have a question with one variable. Vs one that has a lot that have to be assumed to have no effect to go pure numeracy. If you've been in that debate before you might bring that with you. Were the people instructed to only deal with the data presented as if it were an LSAT question?
if you could delete the ATC and the NRA at the same time, would we be safer?
when the labels changed to "crime improved" with an arrow up, and "crime worsend" with an arrow down, i found it more confusing and harder to understand, wouldn't it be easier to use "increased" or "decreased"?
Dude what the hell is this study? ahahah do the study in Europe
Here's the problem in a real-life example. What is a fact? Right now the news is reporting that we ate in a Constitutional crisis because Trump is not listening to the court. However if you see the Trump interview, he said he is listening to the court but will appeal. So for like 20 straight hours across most major media. Constitutional crisis over and over. Until 1 time it was retracted and they changed topics. New topic was Trump spent 400k on armored Tesla cars. For hours it was reported and repeated until 1 time nevermind that was Biden. Next story something bad Trump
I got the question right, does that mean I'm stupid? I'm a math major at an esteemed university so I hope not
One thing I would like to be examined and disseminated more is whether this effect is due to tribal thought, or if it is simply due to distrust.   For example. If I was a dentist and participated in a toothpaste study where I rate the efficacy and personal recommendation of brands, I would likely rate all big consumer brands fairly high. BUT, I know that the reason the study is made is to promote ONE brand with the "9/10 dentists ...", so I deliberately answer the lowest on all other brands beside the one I actually would recomment first in my own practice. When measuring my answer, it shows that I was biased against all other brands. Was this due to tribalism, or because of the understanding of how easily numbers could be manipulated to support the wrong conclusion?   The same can be applied to politically loaded topics. Are the people questioned here pulled towards tribalistic thought, or are they pitting themself against the study since they have the knowledge on how their answers can be used against them, causing their answers to seem irrational when their answers are analyzed outside of this context.  This is important because it could be the case that missinformation and dishonest scientific research practices are the main evil in this situation, and they are fighting against it to promote what they believe is "actually true" using the few tools they have available to them, which is their critical thinking, their voice, and their vote. That is an entirely different problem based on people's rational decision-making process as opposed to unconcious though process with completely different solutions to both.   If I was in that situation, I would also present myself as an open-thinking rational person despite my answers because I am willing to change my mind given credible opposing strong reasoning and evidence, because it is you, your evidence, and how you choose to present me that I do not trust.   But that is just a theory.
Since when people that simply ignore given data considered to be smarter?
I wonder what the results of this study are in western europe. In the USA there is a strong black and white vision of politics, which isn't present that much in western europe. We have dozens of political parties, so the opinions of people are also widely different from person to person.
If I get them all right, does that mean I'm not smart? 👀
Wait, so how do you help solve rising sea levels for the local community without addressing the emission problem worldwide? Is this gonna be another "blame the corporations" rhetoric again?
What in the Jesus Christ fudge is that flashing grey background?!
The main question should be...is the difference of the rash improvement proportion statistically significant?
11:47 Okay how the f are you even measuring "science curiosity" and why isn't *that* a made-up buzz word?
How many people questioned the numbers because no references for the study were provided?
Don't you need a placebo group??
So, people are afraid to think for themselves for the truth!  Who wants to be isolated? Right!  I guess I missed that, cause I didn’t get it  Now i understand the  “when in ROME, do as the ROMANS do”  Coincidence, the next video is a study on  “WHY YOU ARE NOT HAPPY” This video explains it - People are afraid of the truth because someone might not like what they think! And if you don’t think, you can’t get to the truth!! If It’s not about the truth, how can happiness be real?          !!!QUESTION EVERYTHING!!!
But in your experiment how did you decide on the numeracy score of the people?? Did you rate them by your self .. Just asking..
Sitting here ready for a trick question, do the math, ok I'm ready. What's the trick? There isn't one! Ah you got me!
This first question is loaded. I obviously saw the ratio right away but why wouldn’t they have just done the experiment on the same amount of people?
Why are they engaging on a theoretical study when all it is is math 😂
Were the original participants shown a graphic that suggested the treatment/control groups were the same size? My first interpretation was that the treatment makes more people better and more worse, while control is more often doing nothing.
LMAO. Does 11:46 show that Republicans who can calculate are science-ignorant? 😁 And Republicans who have a science interest can't calculate?😆🤣  Would merit another video response, Derek!
I'm smart and got it right. Really wasn't that hard of a question. I don't see how being smarter makes you worse at math when it was so simple?
Sooo... did they control for the possibility of demand characteristics? Not my field, or I'd check for myself.
Who knows...maybe this inherent ideological gridlock is what has kept us from going extinct. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise.
Invalid test. They are in fact perceived as different questions. The lack of context was used to trick them. Were they told “these are not factual numbers, it’s just a statistical example, a maths puzzle” ?. So that they didn’t feel like they were being tricked into taking a stance on camera ( and risk being editted ) on the second subject disproportionately more serious than the first.
6:33 What do you mean by “answer correctly”?
10:59 - that won't help, where do you think the "buzz words" came from in the first place? They started out as neutral terms right up until they met people who needed to object to them for reasons. Better education, especially in critical thinking, would be a much more effective option.
What a weird question.  Did the people using the cream just do that because their rash was so bad that they decided to use some while the others had a rash that wasn't so bad? We don't know anything about these people.  Maybe they didn't use it correctly. The cream could make it so that more dirt sticks to the skin, making it worse. But if you had used less or had used something to cover the rash it would have worked a lot better.  Just from the numbers I would have said that a cream that performs this poorly should be fixed somehow. Better ingredients, better instructions, or whatever solve the problem at hand.  But still just from the proportions it was clear to me that 223 is only a bit more than twice as much as 107, while 75 is way more than 21 time two. You'd expect the number 75 be below 42 for it to be a good cream.  How would an intelligent person come to any other conclusion? The guy in the video could have argued that if so many people are using the cream, they must have a good reason for it. Not a good argument (argumentum ad populum) but something that certainly should be considered.
Where the hell is the tricky math question?!?
Politically loyal people are more resistant to data? you don’t say!
I looked at it for 5 seconds and got it right am I stupid? 😂
I got it right. So am I dumb or smart?
Isn’t he the one who played Jorge is Narchos?
Was this not just confirmation bias?
not even a minute in and this is already a failure. The question you asked is wrong... "did the cream make the rash better or did it make it worse?" made it better for some and worse for others, but mostly better. that is the correct answer. Formulating a good question is important in these kind of things.
How to overcome that ?
OK, wait a sec. Were the participants when the question was phrased as a gun control question / variation TOLD that it was a fictitious study example? Or were they told it was real data?
I wonder how much of this study is due to being held in the US, many many countries are not this clear cut between two beliefs
What is a 223 reduction or increase in crime? 223 what? Percent? How do you compare it to a 75 increase or reduction? If your survey is incoherent, such as portraying an impossible factor, then its results are suspect.
I’m so smart I got psyched out into thinking I should throw out my logic and numeracy when answering the question and then I got it wrong… so am I smart or dumb? 😅
So if I get it wrong on purpose?
I got it right based on proportions. So am i smart or not?😂
Usually you'd want the same number of participants in both the control and the in experimental group, no?
Isn't this plain old confirmation bias?
So more of a question of "Does pre-existing bias affect judgement?"  Yes?  Though on the question of why it affects smarter people more, first... it's not smarter people, it's more educated people. Who believe that because they were educated they know better even if they were taught wrong. They will hold to the wrongness because it maintains self-worth.
They're all wrong. There is only one question. One answer. The question is are you worthy to be saved? The answer is, always yes.
Ok but how many stayed the same?
Has anyone told you that you look like Rowan from Viva La Dirt League?
Have the subjects been informed they were subjected to wrong information? I know some who confronted the data were informed if it was bogus, but it would not be the first time realists didn't anticipate the negative effect of the actual experiment. In Norway, a journalist project altered school (youth, non-counting) elections without considering some of the participants were eligible to vote a few weeks later.
So... if its fake data (regardlessof presentation), does numeracy actually apply? Maybe the reason people are leaning on intuition is because they understand that they are being lied to.
Hm... I would question the approach taken here, because if somebody approaches me on the street with a camera and asks me to interpret and say something about gun control I would immediately suspect this to be some form of political agenda/a campaign thing masked as a "study" to later either make a video out of it or sell it as some form of "people said this and that" in case of a written study. The way this study and these interviews were presented to people is the most important part of the story and was left out completely at least in this video. It's of importance to know if they were very clearly told that this is a pure question about their math skills or not. If they were told about the studies goal or if it was just a complete black box on why they were questioned like that. Because with uncertainty people will rather question the intention of the question. Is it to get them to say something that is against their beliefs? Is it to test whether or not they question and challenge data presented that to their eyes seems illogical? Is it to test their knowledge? And they will also question what outcome their reply will have. Is it to try and get them to be positive a law that might get introduced? Will their reply have any influence on such a law being introduced? They will immediately jump to the conclusion that this is something politically motivated and I think it was VERY obvious that that happened to many people in the video. Those questions won't arise from a skin care cream because most people know that this will just get decided by studies from pharmacy groups and that their opinion won't change that. It is very unlikely that their opinion will be used for anything as they don't know that skin cream even if it were real. Gun prohibition is not anonymous, it's very black and white, very real and politics are 100% rooted in what people say and vote for and think. I looked at the study now and while at least the question for the skin rash is printed there, the setup for the gun question is not printed there, only a description that was basically "officials in a city try to determine whether or not to introduce a law against guns. they are looking at other cities here." I am a bit disappointed in the video.
Our biases affect our decision making?  No way!
Has this study been done in other cultures beyond the highly polarized US?
Can someone please identify the source of those two graphs at 11:41????
This segment, to be honest, I thought was a little too simplistic compared to other veritasium segments.  It seems to me that "results" and "cause" or "meaning" are the things that get confused.  In the cream example, the question is very simple - and while there are undoubtedly variables in the two groups that may or may not have been the same, crime is a very, very complext issue that may be the results of many, many variables.  So, to use your example, in the second set, if the question was, "Was the crime lower or higher in the gun control cities after the institution of the laws?" then perhaps the "correct" answer would be based upon the numbers shown.  However, the problem is when we attempt to ascribe a cause to the results - i.e., did gun control laws increase or decrease crime?  This cannot be answered in any way by the data shown; one can't even know if it is a "good" study that might even show a possibility.  Unfortunately, I believe that the authors of the study tried to find a "cause" - they tried to draw too much from a very small and highly complex issue.  And, I believe, that is a problem with many of our so-called pundits - they attempt to find causality when it is not even clear that all the important known variables (and undoubtedly unknown ones which might be evened out with a large enough sample size) have been evenly distributed between the two groups (and propensity scoring is a very poor attempt at doing such a thing).
@5:49 I don't know how to read the chart... How can crime in a city both increase and decrease?  The skin cream one I got, that's just "counting the results." But crime rates don't work that way. The chart is saying "with/without control crime went up and also down for each option." I don't get it
What are you quantifying on the gun control graph though? On the skin rash graph, each result is the amount of individual people that had that effect, but what does each number mean in the gun control one?
So if you solve it, are you smart or dumb?
I'm sorry but, hypothetically you have 426 people for a skin cream test and your control is less than half your test sample size? Couldn't that skew your data? I'd imagine unaccounted variables would have a more noticeable impact if the sample sizes are so different. Say 20% of people have an unknown allergy to the drug. You shoved 60% of your people in one group. Every person you add to the test group increases the chance of the next having that allergy until you get one that does. Wouldn't you overpopulate the test group with unidentified variables with thus skew?
The problem is they done this near a university? 🤡🌏🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Did these guys look to see to what extent numeracy correlates to being "informed"?
People getting emotional stops them from thinking rationally? What a waste of time
I'd be curious to hear more about how they analyzed or accounted for perceived or actual expertise in the topics presented.  How many people who have genuine interest and previous experience with medical studies or skin treatments (e.g. dermatologists and people who've undergone treatment for skin conditions) were among the respondents? How familiar with gun regulation data are the respondents? Do any of them live in the cities mentioned and may they have been privy to reasons and data presented/reported before or after?   I don't think the answers to those questions invalidates the points about bias. But I do think it's important to consider the nature and sources of biases. Otherwise, we run the risk of treating biases or 'polarized positions' as equals and thus assume that efforts to engender curiosity and openness to conflicting data among differing groups will look the same.
the gun control question makes no damn sense. both city types have reduced crime? based on what? make a better question.
this is why i live by the philosophy of "question everything" even your own answers are worth looking at, since even if you're right, how did you get there? are your own biases coloring your answer? are they preventing you from really looking at all of the information in front of you?  it's all too easy to let bias control you, and unless you're willing to step back and watch for it, you may never realize it's there. if you never know it's there, you'll never be able to take control back
Bro, but am I stupid or not?
So the title should actually be "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse 𝗧𝗵𝗮𝗻 𝗘𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱" ?
How is this study determining these peoples' numeracy? It keeps relating the results to their numeracy, but how was that measured?
What I find misleading about the rash question is that the two numbers that are given do not total up to the sample size. A rash does not get either better or worse, the same is true for crime.
Does spraying an apple slice with white Monster energy drink prevent browning?
What is misleading about the experiment is that they claim people's logical reasoning changes based on pre-assumptions about the subject; however, what really changes is merely somebody's interpretation of the question. Which is far less of a groundbreaking result.
Well I did get 1st question right so does that mean I am smarter or dumber?
Don’t use trigger words like “climate change” well it was global warming but we chanced it because that triggered people should we change it again? I don’t think semantics is the problem. I think it’s a failure to be emotionally intelligent. To analyze our feelings and the fact we are all fallible to tribal thinking.
How do you get asked the same question twice and answer differently, come on people
Was the sample size the same? Did everyone respond with get better or get worse? Was there a stay the same answer not in the table? Questions had to be asked.😊
I think part of the issue is that stats and numbers are not meaningful in isolation.   For example, when looking at clinical trials there is the question of significance. There might not be a large statistical significance but when it comes to something that may save lives, the clinical significance is much more important to consider. For example a treatment may only be efficacious in 1 in 100 people but is it worth it for that 1?   So when folks are looking at data that may be on a political talking point, they aren’t necessarily looking at the numbers themselves. They are considering what those numbers represent in the real world and how it impacts people.
"What does the data show?" "Well, what does my tribe feel about that data? I must answer this correctly so that I can still be a part of my tribe. But, of course, I am very open minded!"
Barring asking random people about statistics, the questions are just not equivalent. When you ask about skin cream, it is a reasonable assumption that those are single people, the total is ~300 and ~130 for both groups. When you ask about the gun control, what are you even talking about? Is it that per capita worsened or got better? What's the size of the effect on particular city? If you are familiar with any population statistics the most rational assumption would be to take it as per 100k people delta effect, in which case the first set of number shows that gun control is a big crime increase in the first case and is a big decrease in the second example, which is the exact opposite of what you've said in the video. The only way it can be interpreted as you wanted it to, is those numbers are per city, but also controlled for size of effect and per capita, in which case it makes 0 sense to refer to it per city because it's no longer a city but some nebulous size marker. Of course there were no people that talked about that in the video and I get it, the whole idea of the video is about tribalism, I cannot help but think this is just bad science if you're going to exclude people that understand statistics from the get go. As a person that, more or less, understands a little of it, my first thought if presented with this gun statistic this way is "Are you trying to lie to me by omitting the measure/size of effect?". TL;DR Not the same questions, you would have to actually not know anything about statistics to come to the same conclusion as the video about the second question.
6:39 What in the f?
How do we know that this video is not just your belief? Huh xD maybe you changed the data when it contradicted you
OK but how do we make the  leap between misunderstanding proportions and unrestrained hate against the other tribe? It's propaganda and manipulation that to stupid people will override even straight forward statistics.
Were they told they were fictitious studies? If not, the experimental cream is a more neutral question to look at. You have no prior knowledge of the cream's efficacy, as opposed to something like gun control.
7:04 why is the line dotted here?
Stopped watching during first 'test'. What is your measure of 'smarter'? There's nothing intuitive about larger numbers indicating better when one understands the function of a control group. Not bothering to watch further.
Weren't the left sources also looking at only a single year delta instead of an administration delta?  Also the FBI quietly changed its numbers.
Unfortunately, it is impossible to pay for a subscription to Ground News from Russia. Then how do you strive for the truth and the creation of a transparent political arena? It turns out that you have those who are right, but also those who are the most truthful. Or maybe there are even more truthful ones? Or are there two truths?
How are people this bad at reading? It feels like acedia may be a core issue here.  Surely all these people had some basic math education-- the relevant stuff is typically learned by age 7 in my country...
Is this because of political bias?  Or because people are bringing other knowledge into the discussion?
What if I have no political affiliation at all?
I don't understand the crime numbers. What is it quantifying? Did I miss something?
Is it just me or was the cream test done in a way that couldn’t show actual differences because the test size was different?
what in the hell was this clickbait bs
So what question exactly is harder for smarter people? Its just fuckin proportions wtf? Smarter ppl will do better
The initial data set about cream feels incomplete. Wouldn't you also want to know the total number of people in the study and how many people how no reaction in both groups?
"Smarter" people do worse or people that think they are smart really do worse? Because just see a bigger number and go for it, it's actually stupid, instead of analyzing the data.
On that first one, taking margin of error into account, I wouldn't think the cream did anything at all. It looks more like placebo effect mixed with the fact that most rashes clear up on their own in a few days anyway. Did I overthink it? LOL
Would love to see the breakdown by sex…   Is there a preclusion to bias based on male/female? 🤔
who benefits from keeping us apart?
1. You asked the wrong questions and misled the answerers. You didn't ask "which ratio is better" you asked "has it improved". Improved from where? From the ones where it worsened? From the baseline of no change, where it was still not better and not worse? You weren't specific enough.
isnt this just 3/1 or 5/1? Knowing math still helps…
can some math guy pls tell me if i'm straight up stupid or is this question easy? don't we just add the 2 numbers from e.g. experimental and then divide one of the numbers by the sum and we get the exact % of for how many people it got worse and the other way?
I have a question, why where people talking about random things? Just awnser the question, yes or no or were they asked more than just a sinple question?
I wonder if this is an American phenomenon as i doubt results would be the same in Europe
Who fell for the first question lmaoooo
Shows how bad politics became. Did no one ask why the sum of both groups is not equal? Is the margin the number where no change was detected? ….
Anybody else wonder where in Florida the sea level has risen in the last 10,000 years?   Maybe a sinking island in the keys? A barrier island dealing with normal erosion?   Seems like a very unscientific and imprecise example to have chosen.
so ´mericans even smart once can´t do 8th grade math ?
The only thing I am wondering is why didn't the skin creme study not have a placebo group?
I have a question. What about people who don't follow either political party. Or  have a disdain for them both. Where would they lay in the data?
I am assuming this is an example of ingroup bias?  Also interesting that people let their bias cloud their judgement. You should let the numbers shape your conclusion, although you may not agree with the findings.
Am I autistic? I just did the stupid math, didn't care about what the problem was about. That lady who needed to know what kind of cream or rash was he talking about made me stop the video for a second.
Hmmmm this is interesting… what would happen if you asked people of a country where gun usage is banned by law and doesn’t have anything to do with politics? The same as the rash cream?
If the solitary person doesn't have a tribe to fit into (solitary), then there shouldn't be a bias, because the bias is a social construct?
What does this have to do with smarter people getting it wrong? It's the complete opposite, a smarter person would get those right and not get influenced by politics.
How does one include UNreported crime?
My question has to be why does the control group have less results than the ones using the product? Surely you should have the same total of people in each group?
You have to make a distinction between political beliefs and pure logic. The problem with the gun control question is that the way somebody thinks, their logical conclusions about their experience in life, are reflected in who they vote, obviously. But do they answer that because they vote that person, or because for them it’s not a matter of numbers but common sense? I would change my political beliefs if I were shown enough solid evidence I know is true that contradicts it, but I wouldn’t change much way of thinking, I would just realice those who align with it are not who I thought. And this also explains why people with higher literacy rates got the answer as wrong: because they tend, logically, to be more sure of what they think, as they have put more thought into it.
Doesn't the results show the opposite of what you're claiming they show? That "smarter" people tend to gravitate towards controversial and radical solutions to societal problems, whereas "other" people tend to prefer solutions that maintain the status quo (ie tribalism)?
If you see data that proves something you don't like you'll think MUST I belive this? & check  carefully to be sure. In the opposite case you're more likely to jump to a conclusion that you do like.
Quick question: How is the numeracy score given to the individuals questioned?
Should I be happy or sad that I got the answer to this question right?
ı still cant understand how can crime increase and decrease at the same time ? it should be something like there is bunch of criminal in that city and this graphic should show us how many of them keep their criminal activity going and how many of them drop criminal activity. Crime increas and decrease doesn't make sense in a word for me .
If agreeing with people is socially smart, could that explain why I, being so out if touch socially, think so differently that anyone around me?
Why did so many more people use the cream rather than not using the cream
That proportional solution in the question about cream doesn't account for 3rd possibility - rash didn't change. I think the solution presented in the video assumes that if rash worsened even by minuscule amount that's still worsening and the same for the variant where rash becomes better. In this case we could really divide all test subjects into 2 groups - got worse/got better. However I highly doubt that it's possible to have such incredible precision.  In the problem we don't have some critical information - how many people are in each group, which would be relevant if we have that 3rd possibility where rash didn't got better or worse, i.e. stayed roughly the same. In this case each group would be divided into 3 subgroups by result - got worse, didn't change, got better. And results shown to us show only 2 of these 3 groups, which means we have no information how many people didn't have changes in their condition.  Here's an example how that would change things: Let's assume that both groups have the same number of people(we have no evidence for that, it's just an example): N = 223+75+X = 107+21+Y or we can simplify: Y = X + 223 + 75 - (107+21) = X + 170; Where X is the number of people that didn't have changes while using cream and Y - number of people that didn't have changes while not using cream. And N is the number of all people in a group which is equal to both groups. Now we'll have to split question "Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make worse" into two questions: 1) "Did the skin cream make the rash better?" 2) "Did the skin cream make the rash worse?" And now we can use proportions to answer both questions. Question number 1 can be answered by comparing 2 numbers. First number is - how many people got better? Second number is - how many people DIDN'T get better? For the group that used cream those numbers are 223(i.e. got better) and 75+X(i.e. got worse plus didn't change) For the group that didn't use the cream those numbers are 107(got better) and 21+Y(got worse plus didn't change) We know that Y = X+170. Let's substitute Y. so for the group that didn't use cream numbers are: 107(better) and 21+X+170=X+191 So proportionally speaking 223 over 75+X is bigger than 107 over X+191. That's also obvious from the fact that we assumed that both groups have the same number of people and 223 is a bigger fraction from the same number than 107: 223/N > 107/N (because in our case N is always positive) So the answer to the first question "Did the skin cream make the rash better?" is Yes! But it DOESN'T mean that answer to the second question is No. We can check it by looking at numbers for the second question we have: For the group that used cream 75 is how many people got worse, and 223+X is how many people didn't get worse And for the group that didn't use the cream - 21 is how many people got worse and 107+Y is how many people didn't get worse. Similarly 75/N is bigger than 21/N, so the answer for the question "Did the skin cream make the rash worse?" is also Yes! In our example skin cream accelerates both people getting better and getting worse. And in control group that didn't use cream more people kept their state unchanged. So the cream both made the rash better and worse at the same time! If you'd like to answer the initial question "Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make worse?" the answer is Yes😁 "Yes - the skin cream makes the rash better OR worse"😄
What can we do about political polarization? People need to learn that what they think, or feel, is not always true and to stop taking everything personally.
With the gun control question, does the study take into account the conflict with what they're seeing and the reality that they know? Was it explained that the problem is fictional and isn't expected to align with reality but should be viewed as a math problem only? If you were given a math problem that somehow showed the sun orbited the earth, you'd get messed up data because people know that isn't true. They aren't going to want to participate in a delusion unless they're assured it's all a fictitious thought exercise.
Not watched the whole video but isn’t the first question something to do with chi-squared?
Serious issue with study,  do the participants know its hypothetical? They may already know a wealth of statistics that contradict the info being presented
The "smarter" people are the ones who got the question wrong? Maybe you got your defintion of smarter wrong
Your “American friend”? 🤔 Are you not also American, Derek?? I always thought you were.
So smarter people are those who let POLITICS influence their decision in this simple question? Even I was saying to myself "These are not the correct index-numbers for this decision, but this does not affect anything" and noticed more crime would mean more crime with gun with greater probability for injury. I know smart people can manipulate the numbers to get their desired results but those are truly clever would really know there is no way to describe a complex problem with one simple number.
I dont know if im wrong, but i feel there is also a semantics issue here? Really, given how the question is poised, either answer would be correct from an absolute standpoint or a relative standpoint.
Question. Is there a difference found in neurodyvergient people or didn't the study look at this?
what about the group in which the cream did nothing? Normally treatment arms are equally distributed. If you assume that, then the cream worked better (though with some risk).
Has this been tried outside USA…?
The question becomes, where are you getting the stats in the first place?
An experiment determined biases exist and inhibit reason and logic. Really. Instinct makes us hostile to anything that threatens our world view, nice thing about being human? Instinct does not control us. Ask someone WHY they believe something, different from you. Don't interrupt them, don't try to change their mind... just listen.
Why have 2 parties
can we call that numeracy skills? idk. that’s an extremely simple problem
I don't get what's so complicated about the data given. Don't people understand fractions?
9:23 Your team asked about about evidence though, right? Not a random power point slide.
Why did I find it so easy to understand the first scenario and so hard to understand the second?
My first thought when he said "tracking crime rates in cities" was "By what metric? Did they just decriminalize certain behaviors to make the numbers look lower or did they lock up criminals?" There are so many statistical loopholes and linguistic tricks political groups can use to paint the picture the way they want.
Always asking random morons on the street lol... Look beyond, government always wants to get bigger, why would you believe anything they say? Basic reasoning reveals everything plain and simple.
For the skin cream problem is impossible to know with that data, what if the control group has healthier skin overall? You have to consider other factors
Does that also mean that i got it right so I am dumb
Awesome, as always. But I have a question. If a rash is improved... does that mean that more rash occurs (since the function of the rash is to... be rashy?)? If the rash worsened it would mean it is disappearing.
So the test is for math mathing, while using fake info? Sounds like a test to see if anyone can spot that all provided information is misinformation or not. And when people start balking when the test turns political is it really a surprise? Even factual data and statistics can be manipulated in bias and favor of the one who compiled it
Following the tail-end of numerous incidents of research data fraud, P-hacking,  plagiarism and cherrypicking, as well as the replication crisis - should we still buy the conclusions brought forth by this research?
I'm over here immediately asking questions like "Why are the number of people in each test group so drastically different?" and "What about people that saw no noticeable change?" Turns out it's not that complicated 😅
could high numeracy ppl be intentionally misrepresenting the data?
The peoblem is, you defend a creed, or facts?  You reqlly understand the causes behind the facts, or you believe in someone that told you the cause.  You read a causality based study, or a human conclusion, with not MERELY AND UNIQUELY AND ONLY, MATHS and zero theories of origin of stuff.
1)My mind is an organized mess I can’t explain even to myself.  •Bigger Number. I thought as it was said. Also before it was said. •Wait a minute. Words are only words. Can u show me the proof? Show me more data? Also the data is just words. It up to u to decide if the words are true or false.  •Why the beep should I care? I do not use skin cream for anything. U Lying sack of potatoes. •Conclusion these thoughts already occurred to me, but not in those exact words. Because of what I learned throughout life.  2)U can take things away from people. But people will always find ways to get back what was taken from them.   3)Which is true sentence is true? Which sentence is false?   A) 5 is a number and also a word.   B)Five is a number and also a word.  4) Is sentence? 1) Prison. (2)Judgement.  (3) words put together to from a sentence. (4) all of the above? (5)None of the above (6) How should I know?
This video is the danger of putting too much stock in behavioral research. Behavioral experiment design is often lazy, and usually flawed even when it isn't lazy due to the sheer difficulty of capturing such a complex emergent phenomenon.  It's important to note that, simply in the interpretation of statistical data, the question is VERY materially different when asking about a controlled medical trial of a skin cream to treat rashes vs when it is about a diff-in-diff test on the effect of a policy on a tertiary statistic with no specific details offered.  When you ask them about the skin cream, they imagine a controlled medical trial, where the experiment design is such that other possible impacts are minimized.  The cream is (ostensibly) intended to directly cause one of the two possible outcomes. The outcome is a simple and single observable event in each observation. The 'improvement' of a rash is something which is easily understood...it is less visible and/or causes less discomfort. There is no room for interpretation here. When you ask them about the gun laws, none of that is true. The person imagines a very different data generating process. There is no controlled experiment, so the cities are different and in different places, have different cultures, demographics, and histories and different events between the passing of the law and the observations, etc. Also, the laws are likely different in important ways, and so less perfectly comparable. Not only that, but the legal status of gun in the various cities probably varied quite a lot BEFORE the laws were passed, anyway. The law is, at best, intended to INdirectly cause one of the two possible outcomes, with multitudinous omitted variables that active political participants (particularly the more numerate ones) are used to thinking about frequently. And finally, the outcome observed is a simple count of whether or not crime "improved" in each city, with no context, specificity, or detail concerning what the hell that actually means. Were there fewer crimes committed? What kinds of crimes are counted in the analysis? Did the other kinds of crimes also decrease? Was it a reduction in crime severity? Maybe it caused fewer crimes to be reported? What about arrest/conviction rates? You get my point.  The problem is not that numerate people are more polarized. It's that numerate people recognize that the "correct" answer to this question is meaningless and intellectually dishonest without additional context. The asker refuses to provide the necessary contextual information, and so the numerate person inserts their preferred context, which will force the interpretation that the grossly over-simplified (but intended) conclusion which opposes their political position is in fact unreliable. You see it in the video interviews here...THIS claim of unreliability is the 'wrong' answer. They don't misread the numbers. They don't get the answer wrong. They turn the unanswerable question into an answerable one by adding context. It's the fault of the researcher for not recognizing the importance of that context. Then they treat it as though they have found some ground-breaking evidence for systematic cognitive bias in intelligent people and go around giving TED talks and feeling like they're important researchers...
In the experiment, are the numbers presented as a _hypothetical_ scenario, or as the results of an actual study?  If the latter, then the question is no longer about math, but about all the ways in which polls can be manipulated to support a political goal—a topic about which those with higher numeracy skills are probably the most familiar.  Meanwhile, those with the lowest numeracy skills would have the least insight into how polls work, and as a result they are more likely to accept the data as-is and just treat it like a math problem.
The study didn't include the same number of samples for the Control and Variable groups? WTF?
But your "evidence" is BS.  So, you're calling people biased when you give them made up "facts"?
0:49 Why are there different group sizes?
1:50 No....not at all. The question being did the cream make the rash better or worse? The answer is it did both. Moving forward would be to determine WHY it made some better and some worse. The hypothetical experiment data is incomplete to answer the question and that is the correct answer.
Am I stupid or smart because I looked at the 221:75 and 201:21 ratio for the skin cream question?  XD
the nunmber of cases/failure decreased from 83% to like 73%, is a 10% decrease worth it to justify, doubling the total cases? i think not. idk if It's rational, but that's how i think
How many of the numerate people also  know about statistical significance?maybe when they see something counter to their beliefs they are reminded of statistical significance?
So am I smart or dumb for knowing the cream did more harm than good?
@2:15 "are smart people ruining democracy?" Short answer is yes. The long answer is also yes.
Does it say anything about me if when I saw the numbers I said this doesn’t tell me much because it isn’t a large enough sample size and then immediately asked why are the sample sizes so drastically different
What are the units in the gun control version of the table? Number of crimes committed? Number of cities? That table doesn't make that much sense compared to the cream thing. The US doesn't even have that many cities unless you count suburbs maybe or small towns
4:34 how many people did you survey?
All of this is assuming that "better" means the higher ratio of better to worse. I would argue that the use of these ratios does not accurately portray the viability of the skin cream. Were the two groups equal in quantity? Because if so, there is a large number of people who didn't get better or worse and still have a rash. So many more questions including type of cash, type of cream, whether or not the rash is diagnosed and then the cream prescribed, etc. Maybe I am just proving the point of the video here, but this data as presented is inconclusive.
What people who switch from one party to the other?
No criticism or judgement, just pure curiosity: what are your political beliefs?
Are the amount of people in both the test and control groups the same? Even if that study was real how can it reach that kind of conclusion when the amount of people on the groups are different?
Are we going to get the continuation for the strange physic principles that shape reality?🗿
Im sorry im sorry but for the cream one wouldn't using all the data signify you're more intuitive and you actually get it right? I'm so confused.
Are we forgetting that we have no control data? I see placebo and product but no control.
Why just use firearms as the example and not, say, puberty blockers on mental health? I imagine the graph might be similar but with line colours switched.
Did they just measure IQ and call it numeracy to not offend people? I just divided the top row by 2, since 223/2 was close to 107, and 75/2 was way bigger than 21.
Qs 1: if you do a little math, when cream is used, 25% of the total people in "cream used" group, reported worsened rash. When cream is not used, 16% of the total people of "cream not used" group, reported worsened rash.  So, yeah, cream did not work. ( is this calculation correct?)
Without knowing how many are in the group's, and how long each group was tested. As well' what allergies or environmental factors are present'? - then u cant' come up with a reasonable answer.. 😢
As an autistic person, honestly I would stunned trying to understand, the context of the question presented. Like for the cream example. 1. What kind of cream is this? While I don't believe someone would make a cream to induce skin rashes, it is the question. 2. Wdym by improving? Does the rash eliminated when 'improved' ? 3. If the population of the experiment isn't the same, how it tackle variations? Like not everyone is compatible to a certain skin care.  The last but not the least. 4. Why you're asking this?
Wait if you answer this question correctly   Are you stupid or are you intelligent enough to think like a stupid?
What this shows is that educated political-savvy Americans have learned how to manipulate political polls. There is also something extremely weird in this data in that conservatives below numeracy 8 score below 50% (chance) and social-liberals similarly score worse than chance up to numeracy 7. For the skin cream question, these numbers are numeracy 6 for Democrats and numeracy 7 for Republicans. It is quite surprising that respondents should underperform raw chance by such a large degree, to me much more surprising than the headline result that people give the "correct" (political) answer to political questions rather than the correct (mathematical) one. I think we have known and understood this latter phenomenon for some time and pollsters even add corrections to the raw data to account for it before publishing.
How is the ham hammered comparison of 223 and 107 intuitive exactly? The most intuitive thing is to look at proportions. Like what even.
If you ask people about their political inclinations prior to presenting the data, then are you not anchoring their minds to think in that aspect in the first place?
ties this somewhat in to the "dunning-kruger effect"?
And where are the smart people that got it wrong??
But when are the fake surveys and people's opinions compared to reality?
So in the study, did the participants know they were looking at hypothetical numbers or did they think they were real?
The core of the issue you were poking around in this video is more specifically an issue of trust than tribalism. Too many people have seen an ever increasing number of reports and findings where both present polar opposite results or the results presented don't match that individual's lived experience in some way. Therefore when presented with some new finding about a nearly innumerably faceted topic like gun control, there will be many willing to see the findings, but they will view them with the utmost level of suspicion and not change their minds on the spot.  Again, because they will have seen a number of other sources that say otherwise and they trust more.  To include sources not directly speaking to the topic at hand (the many faceted aspect).  Like a blister caused by bad footwear takes time to heal, so too will it take an incredible amount of time for people to begin simply being open to trusting information that conflicts with things that have become part of the tribal/political/cultural war.  Trying to figure out some brainy new persuasion technique to get them on side will only serve to continue and escalate the conflict.  For gun control specifically, one question that basically nobody asks is, "Why does somebody living in the middle of the swampiest swamp, the most deserted of deserts or the woodiest woods of trees need to be saddled with the access restrictions whose stated goal is historically to limit the number of kids being killed by guns in the inner cities?" Most people would point out, "I haven't done anything wrong.  Why am I being punished for the problems of people I will never have any interaction with , and likely will never meet?" That question is the seed of the tribal thinking. By eroding people's trust in information by presenting them with half-truths in both directions and then forcing the issue with a massive legislative overreach that extends the "solution" over people who feel they don't need/deserve it, the proponents of gun control (the ones advocating for the largest change in this case) are actively creating the tribal mentality in both groups.  Something that should not be but is because, again, too many incomplete truths in the sources means nobody really trusts any of the sources anymore.
Could this help explain why the "Experts Are the Worst Forecasters" as well?
Somwhow Veritasium is justifying it is ok to believe even if the evidence is on the contrary?
Confirmation bias is a real threat to science and society. The only remedy is (unbiased) education and teaching of statistics skills. The question here is: how do we ensure unbiased education of competent teachers? To me, this is the most important thing that ultimately determines the existence of a healthy and robust society. (Unbiased) Education, the most important resource there is
Are "Smarter People" in the room with us?
If I have barely any friends, does that mean I'm smarter or dumber? Or does just asking this question prove I'm dumb?
Is this about the G spot?
btw doesnt the skincare one not show a statistically significant difference?
Can anyone tell me if there’s a flaw in my logic here? - my brain immediately compared columns instead of rows, so instead of finding the ratio between improved/worsened for each option, I found the ratio between the improved and the ratio between the worsened.  Basically, ~219 to ~107 is like 2x, while 71 to 21 is like 3x. So for the very first example, I figured it the “worsened” tripled while the “improved” only doubled, then it’s obviously making things worse overall.    I think it prob had to do with the fact that the numbers just stood out as easier to compare in this order than the other order, and of course it works in this example, but is there any reason this rationale could fail that I’m not seeing?
I wonder how those with Autism would fair? I've read we are less susceptible to advertising. Personally the difficulties with social rules and communication have caused me to offend people simply because I question what doesn't make sense. I lean heavily on rationalizing everything, which is not always a good thing because feelings help us know what is important individually. My time in therapy has allowed me to be in greater touch with my feelings and allow for more personal growth. The self is not a static thing, it can and does change. Since I also have a background in biology, I always accept that new info. has the possibility of changing how we view the world.
Is ground news only for america?
So, the counterintuitive result is that higher intelligence tends to increase tribalistism?
Isn’t this the whole idea of the straw man argument? Where you create a fake situation to prove bias? Which is essentially exactly what you did with the guns.
Is that Benedict Cumberbatch in the thumbnail 😂??
If changing skin care to gun control doesn't affect my reasoning at all am I autistic or something? Or is everyone else just really stupid? The question is supposed to be a maths question, I'm struggling to see why anyone is even looking at the words.
In the gun control example what are the numbers? Like for the skim scream example it was the number of patients whose condition improved/didnt improve. What are the numbers in the other example? Percentage? No. Of crimes? I mean that changes the whole way i look at it. Also what do you mean by "crime improved"? The number of crimes improved (more crime) or the crime situation improved(less crime)?
That's not conclusive because the guys who didn't have the cream know they didn't have the cream so it's not a blind study ?
How are we determining numeracy?
Is this a re-upload? I could swear I've seen this video before
For the first question, my brain just went "How many people are in each group?"
How did Veritasium find people who ranked between 0 and 10 on Numeracy scores? And what does that mean? Is 0 someone who can’t even add or subtract, and 10 is someone with a PhD in statistics? And they found enough people in this video to make the results statistically significant?  Or did they NOT classify the people they interviewed at all?
Does this mean that democracy is flawed, and science and mathematics should be the guiding factors rather than people's opinions?
What was the correct answer on gun control?
What i'm wondering: Would the results be different in countries where there aren't just two very polarized sides to chose from.
How is it that the numbers of results from the skin cream tests were not the same for each group? Surely the skin cream group and the control group were an equal size as the diagram showed?  And yet we had 298 results from the skin cream group and only 128 from the control group. We need to know the numbers whose rashes stayed the same to find out the true answer to this question.  However based on these incomplete results, a smaller proportion showed an improvement (223  out of 298) with the skin cream and a bigger proportion (107 out of 128) showed an improvement without the skin cream.
Why is the 2024 US election results info thingy on this video?
Has this been tested where the political divides are not binary?
Did you notice the conservative were generally mistaken?
I hate that skin cream question. Was the total number of people in cream group different from the no cream group? Or were the totals the same and there was an obscured "no change" effect that some people had?
How did they find out the numeracy score?
Do other people really think the different sides of the political spectrum are that different?
This research seems to jump to conclusions too fast. Maybe people started to doubt the results and didn’t just misinterpret them? What would happen if the subject of the questioned research were relatable but not political? How many people took into consideration the possibility of false positive since there is no p-value presented?
So who did the author vote for? The video only shows signs with Harris
Is this subjectivity to objective results?
my first thought was.. why is there a different sample amount to each? Are there people missing from the chart that maybe had no improvement or worsening?
Rash improved or worsened, but never stayed the same? Alright, bro.
Am I the only one who got the skin cream question wrong because I assumed that the control groups were the same size, and that there was an unseen number of people for whom the cream did nothing?
1:20 why do we always center the human when talking about a rash “improving“? From the perspective of the rash an improvement would be growth and intensification, no?
does absolutely everything in usa have to be political ffs
So when the number of people whose rashes got worse is higher in the group that didn't use cream how is that better?
Tell us please was there a single person who asked to show the study?
I would not have understood the gun control question. What do the numbers represent?
When you make it political it's no longer a math question, you're just asking them to rationalize their viewpoint. And when you ask a political question, you're implied to have an agenda - which (rightfully) leads people to distrust the data.
I don’t think the two questions are equivalent. Skin rashes evolve over time due to immune system working. Crime rates in control groups? There is no reason for it to be 100 vs 20 when nothing has changed, it just doesn’t make sense.
So smart people are reluctant to believe false data presented in the context of a stranger contradicting all of their established knowledge?   Tell me again how this is a win for taking smart people down a notch? You should be open minded and open to being wrong but that is not the same as blindly accepting a new datum as definitely true.
is smarter the right term here?
Isn't this study basically about cognitive dissonance?
The ratios are in favor of the no cream group. Is it really that hard?
maybe they noot confidennt that why did thhey puut thheir numereccy at thhat raate?
See if I got the political one I'd be like how do you know the crime decreased? How can you count that? You can't count that.
Thought provoking, so is there a voting method/political party system better than the current?
What do we do about this? This time try this: learn from your mistakes.   Or don't and persist in calling more than half the country "Nazis" while sponsoring race riots, protests, sending fake text messages, _CONSTANTLY LYING_ , etc.
Can you cover some topics for women? Your videos are absolutely knowledgeable and the way you convey your content is very inspiring! But i wish there were more for women too - like why we need more sleep than men? How our contractions are so similar to menstrual cramps? Or different? It would be really neat to have on your channel, I think. Have a wonderful day! 🌸
And after the debates were over, the FBI admitted the data they had released was wrong, crime did increase, Trump was correct. Did they deliberately lie? That is the real question.
Are there explanations other than tribal mentality for this phenomenon? For example, if you ask a physicist if this data shows if the earth is flat or not, that’s not tribal thinking. She’s already seen plenty of data, so the new data is an outlier. (I’m not saying this disproves the thesis of this video, just curious how it fits)
Are they talking about manipulating the data according to our beliefs and rather we should try to manipulate our beliefs according to the data.
Thr skin cream question totally  just shirt circuits my brain. Feels like there's way too much missing information, no? Were there different numbers of people tested betweent the groups? Did everybody either improve or worsen, or did some have no change at all?
Is this not just confirmation bias? As with the solutions? Each side will just weaponsise your currently "not loaded" term.
Am I the only one who often click video in this Channel without reading the titles? Its more interesting that a sudden topic is discussed and makes me wonder things haha
this doesn't really seem like a fair challenge, without actual detail and evidence it really is just a question of whether you *think* the result is positive. Of course there is the math but It's not really being presented as a math question, is it? The environment (which I assume is polling places) is conductive to political questions and opinion based answers, if this were asked in somewhere like a university, then I would expect the results to be more normal.
Why do you think you need to "tackle polarization"?
You went to Tucson for this video?
Where did they find that many Americans who even understand proportions and ratios?
So intelligent people use their reasoning to justify their previous beliefs more than the average?
9:28, why is that one scene from Maharashtra, India?
I cannot comprehend the crime improved or worsened numbers.  Using rash, 223+75=298 was the total test population for either 223 or 75 improved and vice versa over time.  How does one define 223 crime improvement?  How does 298 total test crimes population work?  One cannot rewind time to retest with/without gun control...
What is this
why does big bricks break easier then small bricks
7:35 Am i in the twilight zone is no one going to call out the "negative loss" in accuracy would make it more accurate??? If the talk is in science communication how did no one see this plus most people don't read graphs right to left 😭😭😭 i get the x axis is negative but that's the issue?!
So not that many people will be getting it wrong then will they?
Could you please add the standard deviation / error around the mean score lines? Otherwise it is very hard to interpret the difference between the lines.
I’m confused on how there could be a committee to address climate change that disagrees on the cause considering knowing the cause of a disaster is kind of foundational for developing a solution. Is it just a bunch of people distributing sandbags to coastal areas and avoiding talking about the reason the sandbags are needed?
But the skin cream worked for more people, right? Most of the people who didn't use it just stayed with the same rash, neither improving or worsening, which I would think is a really important thing to not leave out of the question.
Did americans not have fractions on highschool?
Just curious, how was the science curiosity score structured?
But... Made it worse? That is not really what the study proves. Either. It only proves it's not a really  good cream for everybody.
I wonder if this mindset on at least political beliefs is a little less in Europe. I think the culture there is less around politics and more about other things that make your beliefs.
Do you think increasing public awareness of the ranked choice voting system would help reduce partisan division by incentivizing politicians to appeal to a broader audience?
1:25 how is that rational?
Me: ...why are there less people in the control group than the test group? Thats not scientific at all.
"Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make it worse?" Answer: Yes
have u noticed that hes showing mostly just the blue political party when showing irl footage
Great timing 😂. How long was this preplanned?
Leave out the distracting needless background music/noise What the hell is it for? I'm here for information not music
Why do you think YT disabled the "dislikes" counter?
Why is the title of this video not related to the content?
where liberals doing mental gymnastics when the data suggest that more guns is more better?????? oh right we can only show conservatives doing that.
The thing about this that gets me is that all you have to go off is this simple graph. There is simply not enough information to answer definitively. How bad were the rashes? Does the rash cream have any common allergens in it and were all of the participants not allergic? What kinds of crime changed depending on the gun control and what exactly was the gun control? It's just way too broad. I wouldn't give an answer without clarifying that first.
Wylie is a real name?!!!
Are the number of people using cream and not using cream same ?
I recently liquidated some long-term positions and now have about $250k to invest. Do you think Nvidia is still a smart buy, or have I missed a key buying window? Any recommendations for high-performing stocks would be appreciated.
Is numeracy synonymous with intelligence though?
Is this a new inverse IQ test?
Video was great, but why in the hell you would use a Indian clip ( @9:28 ) ?? I see it as purposely used clip to portray India as right wing country specifically Hindus. Which it definitely isn't
How do you know their numeracy score?
So people not believing the data from a fake study is a sign of something bad now? Why should anyone believe they aren't being shown a fake study all the time?
How you measure curiosity?
How does avoiding the buzzword allow us to address the root causes? How can we address sea levels rising without addressing global warming? Wouldn't policy makers just focus on first aids then instead of performing the surgery that we need?
Was there no placebo in the study? And also, more importantly, what about those who used the cream and saw zero change in the rash? Shouldn't they be added into the math of the results of the skin cream usage?  So if planning to produce and market a skin cream for rashes you find that 70% saw no change in the rash at all, and 25% saw great improvement,  and 5% reported it made their rash worse, you certainly would not invest in this product  to manufacture and market to consumers. Sales would fall off almost immediately with 75% of first time buyers not making a repeat purchase.
So if I answer wrong, does that mean I am smart, or am I secretly a Democrat at heart?
Am i stupid for thinking there were people where the rashes stayed the same, and that both groups had the same number of people, making the experimental product actually good?
Isn't that confirmation bias?
Why don’t we just increase public education funding so everyone has better access to learning things and won’t be as easily swayed by their emotional ties to team sports
What about the people who consider themselves bipartisan or independent? Would that give the graph from before?
In defense of the high numeracy people, there are pretty significant differences between a controlled study for skin cream and a comparative study of multiple cities. We can look at the skin cream data and make an assessment of slightly better or slightly worse, but we'd want to dig deeper to find out if different rashes had more success than others, maybe different skin types or complexion. This represents that start of answering a complex question, not the end. But for a city and gun crime? There are so many factors to consider. Population density, poverty rates, education levels, cost of living... Any politician from any party showing that chart would be derided by both sides for suggesting such a complicated issue had a silver bullet.
Huh... when it comes to polarization, "science comprehension" and "science curiosity" are independent from each other?
Are you calling me stupid?
The premise seems a bit, do democrats really think less guns equals less crime?  Or is that fewer guns equals fewer shot victims?
yeah but why would they use a control group that has 3 times less a number of participants? (imagine the control group had 6 participants, 5 increased and 1 decreased - but it would hold no reliability, because with small sample groups it could be coincidence) and crime increased could mean in that city crime increased by 1 crime while decreased could mean in that city it has decreased by 1000 crimes
And what does it mean when millions of people vote for a convicted rapist?
To be fair, data is easily manipulated and intelligent people know to question the data. Vague words like improved and worsened need to be questioned. What does that mean? Of course belief systems are hard to overcome in people, and I would propose that in the highly intelligent it can be even more difficult to overcome your reasoning when it is based on a lot of data and sources that you trust. One random source that you disagree with isn't going to sway that
I wonder how introversion v extroversion affects this - what if you don't have a tribe or don't care what others think? A rare group of people in today's dopamine driven social media landscape for sure, but I do wonder...
Who else used odds ratio to solve this?
What about people who don't VOTE for the puppet on the left OR the puppet on the right? 🤷🏻‍♂️
What is "numeracy" though?
How dumb do you have to be to   get the cream question wrong 😭
Does this take into account ADHD and linear vs non-linear thinking?   Because I'm "very bright" and surprised a psychologist when I did a stupid block shape building/matching task quite quickly, one handed, leaning my head on the other hand, and chatting the whole time...  but it took me less than 1 second to get the correct answer about the cream.  Edit...   ADHDers don't always try to fit in with the tribe...  hmmmm....  no fair adding more possibilities/angles to my theories!
The arrows on the chart are also wrong...if crime worsens that means there's more crime, why is the arrow pointing down, then? Subtle ambiguities like this are part of what causes bad results in so many studies.
Folks, reviews on Ground news? I haven't seen any video that has a, like, 6 month user review of the GroundNews to see if its actually any good day to day.
I mean this is all great and all, But am I losing my mind or did he dye his hair and beard? The moment I saw him in the video I thought I was watching an old veritasium video from 2011.
Am I the only one who did a chi-squared test on the cream/gun control data?
Why is the slash moved to the top when the question switches to the gun on the video's graphic? It should be at the bottom, like the skin cream question. And why did the wording change from improved/worsened to increased/decreased?  This whole thing is sus.
Wouldn’t it be worth observing people who don’t align to either political party to act as a control in this situation? to see if there’s actually anything different.
Rash-onal? Whoa
This reminds me of the way data is used to discard some questions being tested for use on standardized tests. For most questions, and as expected, as the overall scoring of testers increases there is an associated rise in percentage who get the specific question correct. Naturally, the overall percentage who get it correct helps determine the identified difficulty level of said question.  However, on some questions there is a curious phenomenon that emerges: there is a DIP is rate of answering the question right among the highest scorers. Why? The understood cause is that there is some kind of subtle nuance in the wording or information of the question that introduces some necessary interpretation, with some interpretations resulting in getting the wrong answer as intended but the right answer on the basis of those alternate/overlooked interpretations. That flaw in the question invalidates it for use, leading to it being discarded in its current form.
Regarding the hypothetical cream test. Is it either improving/worsening or is there also a number for people where the condition did not change? That would influence the interpretation of the data.
Why did they chose prime numbers for the big numbers?
Serious question. How did u reverse grey hair?
Yeah weird how that thr FBI revised their data and you're not talking about it?
"Smarter" people, or "educated" people?  Big difference.
The graph and experiemnt is misleading first of all. My first thought is why was the control group so small?
I don’t understand this study on skin cream. Is anybody accounting for the number of people who had no change to their rash? Assuming the same number of participants in each group, couldn’t it be said that the skin cream was more likely to heal your rash while simultaneously being more likely to make it worse?
So I’m choosing certain opinions to fit in with others and those opinions are causing a bias because they’re so closely connected with the ideology I need to keep this social relationships together?
Are there any others who think the skin cream question is incredibly deceptive? 1:59 It is apparent that sample selection plays a significant role in rash improvement and thus implies sampling bias precluding conclusions of effectiveness based on proportionality. Thus the only answer the data supports is inconclusive.
But isn't the survey sample too small?
5:28 I see Detroit, NYC, and St. Louis. Who can name the rest?
Arg, smart is subjective! lol I cant even understand the first question...(im on my own level here) I assumed 50/50 who used the cream per group why is it 223+75 who used the cream more than the one who didnt use it??
Ok, but how did you phrase the question? If you ask people "does gun control decrease crime?" then the answer can depend on outside information.
can you use nitol for the blackbird? the car that can go faster than the wind pushing it?
Tho you're asking people on something which has a lot of research already done on it. Its as if you walked up to a person and were like is the sky blue or red look at this study? And then showed him a graph with a bunch of hue measurements.
Where are the lefties with colored hair? Propaganda much?
How were the people on the street’s numeracy measured?
What about social research? What if the difference between both sides are not so big as it shown? And biases of the researchers constantly show Republicans as worse then democrats. It's not a suprise universities lean toward left
Is anyone asked you what's crimes improved and crimes worsed mean?? 😂
I wonder, did you tell the participants what was going on afterwards? and how did they respond?
I got the answer correct. Am i dumb?🙂
Ehhh... this is probably more an issue of just not presenting the data right. How many people in the study? What kind of rash? Without any of the basic details, yeah, people will just look at the biggest number
How many people don't believe your fake data?
Does anyone know who Derek from @veritasium is voting for ? 😅
When people agree with the data, they are just giving you the opinions they already have so the question is irrelevant. When people disagree with the data, their suspicions are correct since you are presenting them with made up data.
How did you measure numeracy?
“What do we do about it?” …   Derek for president.
Were the participants in the “study” told that the numbers were fictitious beforehand? Controlled studies are usually evenly distributed, you certainly wouldn’t give cream to more than double the control group.  I think it’s deceptive to give nonsensical information about sensational topics.
9:27 - I wonder what about people who are so socially isolated that they barely feel any influence of a "tribe"?
wtf? As soon as I read the skin rash scenario, I immidiately said, yeah ofc, it made the rash worse. But then I started thinking, if you want to compare people's mathematical skills with pure maths vs something that is not an abstract concepts, then you just cant.  You forgot to add facts, what kind of rash we talking about? Is the rash the kind of rash, that disappears after a week by itself? Or is it something that stays until it is cured? Did both groups and all participants had only one kind of rash, or were they mixed? If they were mixed, how do we know if it was mixed evenly? 128, and 298 are not big numbers, there is a chance for not evenly distributing participants in the study. Another important question, did the cream contain any allergens, or ingredients that could cause  a rash, or worsen a rash for specific people? If the skin cream contained an ingredient that causes allergic reaction to 15% of the people, then obviously the people who didnt get the skin cream, would not worsen as much. Meanwhile the people who did get it ,for some of them it worsened, because of that specific ingredient. Also what if the rash is the kind of rash, that disappears after a week, and the group that did not get the cream, the cream improved the rash in a week. Obviously, meanwhile in the first group, that got the cream, it also improved, but by 3 days faster. There are just so many variables we get no info about, its insane, real life is not A column and B column, its not black and white and never will be.
Did you tell them it was a fake study first or after?
Can “you guys” figure out something, that no one knows about, that helps or makes people smarter or better in some way? It’s always the other way around with “you guys”.
What I do think is interesting, though, is that democrats in general do better than republicans at the same numeracy levels, across all tested groups. It might be interesting to look into that more. It is no secret that worldwide, political affiliation is associated with intelligence, and that left-leaning people are generally less likely to fall for propaganda, conspiracy theories or fake news. But this study might give us a clue as to how that actually happens: apparently, left-leaning people generally have better reasoning skills (expressed through being more likely to get the answer right at the same numeracy level). And looking into how that happens – and how maybe right-leaning people can be helped to also develop their reasoning and critical  thinking skills – might be a big step in fighting fake news, propaganda and conspiracy theories.  Of course, some of it is a hen and egg problem – maybe left-leaning people don't have better reasoning and critical thinking because of their political and social affiliations, but rather because of their better critical thinking and reasoning, they are able to see through propaganda more easily and therefore tend to lean left? But that would be another question for a different study altogether
Great video Derek, I find it hilarious that the comments have degenerated into smart verses dumb people when it was cleary orientated around numerical literate verses those less so? Makes me wonder whether any of the rennaisance artists like Picasso, Beethoven, or even earlier Leo Nado Dav Vinci were numerical literate as they were all incredibly smart in their fields?
I’m obsessed with a question atm. What is the correct amount of tribalism to have? It’s more than none. But where do you draw the line?
This is very misleading. The way you put rash question, you imply that groups are same size and you just don't mention people who's condition stayed same. But you never say if they are actually same size or not, only after you reveal correct answer. If groups were same size as implied, then more people got better than worse with cream. So you can actually tell to anyone that they are wrong based on their answer and then revealing this deciding parameter after that. Sounds like a method used to scam, doesn't it?
Is this video a meta analysis of people who comment about fictitious studies but the numbers are actually real?  They can’t be since you flipped them but that would be a funny twist.  The real world application of personal logic not matching fictitious numbers was probably quite jarring.
When you ask about a real word issues that people already have opinions on, they will instinctively disbelieve numbers that contradict their world view.
How much did you get from trump??😂
I'd love to see how well the "get it right regardless of political belief" group correlate with not going along with the group of actors in the "which line is longer?" experiment where the actors all say the shorter line is longer. I'm betting there's an underlying personality trait here: "How easily your perception of reality can be warped by other people".
lol, kinda a placebo .. or, some stuff actually has side effects? (still watching)
I know this is not the point of this video but am I the only one comparing the numbers in columns rather than in rows? 🤔
Im smarter but answer correct in seconds, that mean im dumb or more smarter than smarter average?
Cream worse. 5 seconds. Am I stupid enough?
Aren't the low numeracy results pure noise?
2:21 Good video, but why is the "a" in Vienna shorter than the other "a"s?
I wonder if there’s a reason this video was released the day before the elections? ;)
Is that so? It's no wonder why there's not many intelligent people these days. Who knows where they're hiding. Even I have a hard time condensing this problem into cubits to be able to further analyze what the question is asking us to do.
I enjoy your videos.  But would you please lose the incredibly annoying background music ?
The first question about the creams was misleading in the way that it was asked. “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse?” is different than asking “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse than the control group?” The first way disregards the control group entirely, which in doing so would lead one to say that the cream made the rash improve… which it did. Just not as well as using no cream did. The second way of asking the question takes into account the entire experiment.
Did anyone ask: what were the total number of participants? What was the count of "no change"?
What does getting it right in first 5 seconds mean😅
No it ISN'T the same question. One is asking about skin cream, the other is asking 'Do you agree that 2+2=5?' in a world filled with hack journalism. People don't want to get tricked into supporting policies, on camera, that can get people killed. I don't think it's politics you're measuring. At least on one side it's basic human empathy.
Is this coincidence on the day prior to USA election day?
Any idea how independents did on the questions?
I know this isn't the point at all but wouldn't the control and "experimental" groups have to be much closer to the same size to tell you anything really significant about the efficacy of the cream?
So being good with numbers doesn't make you a good person? Curious!
How is looking at the biggest number the intuitive answer?? What makes it intuitive? I would think that the intuitive answer should be looking at the proportions.
why you use a “person” as an “american” is that american unit?😅
What does science say about the “gender spectrum” some scientists would argue it’s psychological while others claim gender is indeed a spectrum. Data can be manipulated to suit your bias just as easily as beliefs can.
Is this why I have a breeze for my differential calculus classes but struggle like hell on stat?
How much of this is because of people's ideology, and how much is because of other "evidence" they think they have?  If you showed a bunch of professional gardeners studies that showed fake numbers for what the best date for taking plants in for avoiding frost, which disagreed strongly with their experience, would they make similar sorts of mistakes?  I know lots of people who mostly match one tribe, but have loads of "exceptions": conservatives who strongly support welfare programs, etc; Pat Robertson believing that mj should be de-criminalized.  What if the polarization isn't tribalism, but selective information exposure?
I wonder if you could ask somebody a list of these questions and guess their political leaning based off of the accuracy and type of question?.. It's an odd thought..
Isn't this study somewhat moot as it just compares neolibs to neolibs? I think this study cannot be done in the US due to the Overton window shifted very far to the right
I wonder what kind of results do you get when you present AI with these questions? I can imagine a variety of possible outcomes, some very objective, others terrifying.
We could just dissolve the political parties, at least in any official capacity. Has anyone tried that?
I wonder how we could determine the effect of the camera on this study. I'm not talking about any stress or whatever but the idea that the footage could be edited to make a clickbait video about people not really believing in their values or something like that
My first question on the skin cream was "how many stayed the same? Where is that option?"
This is sort of a Dunning-Kruger Effect isnt it?
Inuits have 50+ for snow, liars have infinite amount of words for lie. And you have just made some more of them. Quit sugaring the fact: people KNOW the right answers, they straigt up LIE. The question is: why do they act so dishonest, who have taught them to lie, what made them think that lying is good?
I thought republicans were more pro gun than democrats?
I got the first question right so I going to go with me being dumb (I’m at 1:47 and didn’t get further yet) Update: I looked further and ooof is it the reason why people successful in STEM seem to engage in batshit crazy ideas in humanities way more than simply uneducated people?
Obviously it made it worse because more poeple got worse rash from using than from not using?
I really missed the point or something. So the ratio of the samples was wrong conclusion? And how that was anything to do with anything?
Why did 298 people get the cream, but the control group contains only 128 people? Or are there more people in both groups, but for the remaining it neither improved nor worsened?
So the whole video is about americans not being able to convert numbers to percentages ?
Why are there so many bots commenting? Really, you're resorting to this?
This is interesting because the interviewer seems to ask for a causal relationship, "does the cream make the rash better?". It's fairly logical to conclude they've set up the study so other variables are controlled and there's likely a direct link between cream and rash. However, the gun study is very unlikely to be a randomized, controlled study, but rather, looking at correlations. So it's not really fair to ask "is the study showing banning guns causes more violence?" I think that the divisive political questions of our times often are hard to get good data on and  it's easy to use a misleading correlation. If the study results conflict with a pre-existing belief, we're much more likely to think about how the study is designed/why a correlation might not be a causation. (For example, for the gun study, I would immediately think, did they control for economic growth? job opportunities? waves of crime moving in from elsewhere?). TL:DR: it would make more sense to create example studies that were more similar in terms of correlation/causation and ask the questions more clearly.
So... smart people are more political or what?
Are the participants told that the numbers are unequivocally trustworthy, or made up, before being questioned?
How is "Science Curiosity" measured?
But why are the control groups different sizes? Reading the numbers, I assume there's an extra number of 'didnt do anything'
can't even finish the video, can't get past the 398 in one group, 128 in the other, and no "stayed the same category" on the question
Why was the munber of people in each yest (cream vs no cream) difference is what I'm wondering
damn, if I didn’t apply the right way of thinking about the studies, does that mean I am dumb?
So where they Pro- or anti-skub?
This looks like some noicy data, how big was the sample size? Also testing multiple things at once on the same dataset (effect of political view and numeracy), wasnt that a red flag? P-hacking?
Okay…. Well would this mean that factchecking doesn’t work in changing people beliefs alone because it is actually a whole different level of thinking that is involved? Damn
Why is the control group not same size as the experimental group...
In what world is "the smarter" person - the one unable to think in proportions?
The big question I would have about that madeup study with guns is... well were participants aware about the fact that those are fake numbers and were they asked to come to conclusion based on those numbers or were they informed that those are real numbers. If thwy were informed that those are real numbers then... well its one study right? And they know of plathera of other data points and studies that say otherwise, so obviusly that study might not be as reliable or maybe its a part of a bigger issue. Soooo they came to a conclusion based on that study and their knowledge. Its hard to go against your belifs just because someone showed you one study without much of a context and asked you to judge whole issue based on that one bit of data.
If you came up to me on the street and showed me these studies my first question would’ve been.  “Is this a real study?”  Also worth noting, no studies are actually unbiased. Statistics are stupid.
Same FBI that categorized black criminals as white to lower statistics ? K
I wish we all were better at not letting things interfere with facts and reasoning. How were the numeracy scores for the people determined? I’m curious how you determine someone numeracy score
Question 1: why not equal samples? Also why no placebo? I wouldve asked these questions before we got into numbers. Methodology is important in any statistics.
For the crime rate increasing question,wouldnt it be more appropriate to ask IF those were related to guns?
How did they determine the numeracy score of everyone before they asked them questions?
This gave me a thought, I wonder how much of the bias that overrides the math, is a reflection of how they see themselves in those proposed situations?  Not to cast any aspersions to one party over the other, but how party members see themselves is quite different and I cant help but wonder if that doesn't reflect in the bias they showed in the answers?
So smart people don't know proportionality? I don't get that.  That's a prealgebra question.
Did anyone else notice the baseline democrats were smarter than the baseline conservatives?
His parents really named him Wiley Overstreet? lol
I didn't understand the numbers representing the outcomes of the study.  I was like "Why is the control group not the same size as the test group?" "Is there a column missing for those people with 'no change'?"... I wasn't ready to draw any conclusions from the numbers without this information!
If both testgroups where the same size it means that a lot people didnt noticed a different in that case the cream ist more effective because it has a higher chance to help but also a higher chance to make it worse so its a gamble basicly or where is my logical miss?
…so people who are more capable of thinking are more susceptible to confirmation bias?
Why is hair blue in new thumbnail?
What I would be interested in seeing, is how highly anti-social/disagreeable people answer the question. I rate in the top 2 percentile for trait introversion and consider myself highly anti-tribal. I have almost no friends, dislike both major political parties (and really am neutral to negative on society as a whole). And don't worry, I'm also a pacifist philosophical Taoist. Would a lack of any of these tribal pointers make my numeracy more reliable?   Also I don't think it's that being better at math makes you worse at math problems. It's that intelligent people are better at rationalizing and like to pretend that because they can rationalize it, that it makes it at least possibly true. Sort of like the idea of doubt within in a court room. They can prevent themselves from administering a guilty verdict for as long as they can imagine different ways it might not be, which for a really smart person can be an awful long time.
Huh. So humility and empathy really matter?
America's crazy place wdym yall got politics on gun controls? Almost all 1st world countries work just fine with no guns. Even where i live, gun are basically something that a normal person cant even think about owning let alone use it. It's specifically and ONLY used by law enforcement. To the point, I've never ever seen a gun in real life, maybe on TV. Yall got problems as a society, still got school shootings, still got massive gun fights (or so I've heard) if anything guns should be out of reach of civilains.
I'm reading the comments and on one hand I'm wondering if the fact that so many people are missing the point of the study is evidence that Veritasium's video could have done a better job at presenting it, on the other I wonder if the comments perfectly validate the results of the study itself.  People are questioning the methodology of the study, even though they are using the illustrative re-enactment of the video, just to make sure the results do not contradict their beliefs. They are doing the same with the potentially click-baity nature of the title, etc. Those are fair items for discussion, but the numbers in the study are the numbers in the study. One could indeed read the study and critique the methodology, or even better, try and reproduce the results, but the numbers are what they are.  The comments section does seem to capture the fundamental epistemological problem that this kind of studies raise: Is being aware of a potential bias sufficient to prevent applying that bias? It probably isn't in many contexts, this being one of them.
5:00 Why 'believe' anything about guns? There's plenty of statistics & evidence available for creating a better understanding of the situation.
I would like to see this study extended to skeptics, real skeptics not self described skeptics. Yes, even skeptics cherry pick data and have biases but we try to be aware of our biases. Would we fall into the same traps? To what degree?
Why is it "normal" to reason about and display non-normalized data as the final result? Does it trigger only me?
Is that 50% Ground News Discount permanent or just for one year then it jumps to 100 per year?
I just assumed there were gonna be varying amount of people in the control vs test, so I just divided the improved over worsened, the larger value the better right? So the cream is worse?
Why do the groups for the skin cream have different amounts of people in them? Surely you want the same number of participants for the control group as the experimental group?
There is just one think I am curious about. At 12:10 you can see the percentage of people getting the question right. You can see that 25% or less of the republicans with a numeracy score of 0 got the either version of the question right. Since the question is binary that would mean that republicans without numeracy like gun control?
How do you make these animations? What do you use to make these or does your team make it?
Am I crazy or is this just asking people loaded questions and having them try to fill in the blanks based on their biases?
We frequently see reports demonstrating that contrary evidence has low efficacy in changing people’s beliefs on contentious policy issues. This study is in the same vein. But this begs the question of how people form their beliefs initially. If beliefs are initially formed on the basis of evidence, then why are those beliefs not altered by additional evidence? And if beliefs are not formed on the basis of evidence, how are they formed? We need to understand how beliefs are formed if we are to realize the benefits of new and better understandings of the world and society.
will their be an interest rate cut....an ecomics degree is a hindrance to knowing the answer it seems.
What are the demographics of those cities?
4:47 but is the skin cream going real fast and real left? Son?
But... how many were in each group? Maybe the cream just stabilized the condition? Or not using it stabilized it?
My instant question: what is the sample size? how many people is in each group? from there I can calculate better for a second trial swapping the people in the groups
Smart people who don't understand ratios??? Ok..
2:50 What is Naseeruddin Shah doing in a Veritasium video?
Well, Derek, we all waited and you still managed to evade... Kamala or Donald, Derek? Kamala or Donald...
May i ask, how did you measure numeracy? Did you ask each participant questions that were supposed to assess it?
Wouldn’t the person use their ideology to rationalize the numbers in either scenario? Ask a question to which people can inject their beliefs and they will. I’m sure the same would have happened if you asked that question about the skin cream to people who believe natural remedies are better.
"A study on skin cream is apolitical as it gets"? You haven't seen the discussions on sunscreen...
Was the Al la carte truck in the background purposeful?  To demonstrate two different bell curves?  Haha.
interesting topic but why didn’t you show footage of a democrat getting the gun-control question answered correctly despite the incorrect intuitive answer lining up with his political beliefs? you painted four lines on your political graph (07:06) yet (if I understand correctly, pls correct me if I’m wrong) you show: a) 05:49 - an example of a numerate republican getting the correct answer according to the data on the paper. despite the “big numbers” lining up with his pre-existing beliefs he saw the logically correct answer, b) 06:45 - a republican (whom in the context of the video you was trying to paint as innumerate which he showed he wasn’t, just opinionated) who wasn’t buying the made-up data therefore despite the numbers telling him the correct answer he would argue his own politically biased viewpoint (which I count as “almost” answering correctly because he saw the mathematical nuance yet instead of going with the made up data he started argued it) c) 08:30 an example of a numerate republican participant failing to see the right answer to the hypothetical because of their pre-existing beliefs and finally d) 07:55 - a democrat failing to see the correct answer because “the big numbers” too neatly lined up to his pre-existing belief. now I’m asking again - why is there no example of a numerate democrat who doesn’t get baited by the “big number” and gives the answer?
Isn’t this just ratio and fractions?
Did the cream really make rashes worse, or did it improve it less than no cream ?
all this could be unconscious?  thats crazy
I wonder how different it would be in Germany, Japan, or Sweden
Me watching this: "what is science curiosity and how do you quantity it?"
The best part about the famous number on gun deaths in the US is asking “but who shot whom?” The answer will blow your mind.
Didn't this experiment fail to independently replicate?  The numerous comments on this video pointing out the design limitations of this experiment probably explain why.
So, I have a question  If the control groups were the exact same size, in the first example of the cream: Didnt the cream make it better, but with a higher potential of making it worse as well?   In the non-cream use side, simply more people had a neutral response meaning: Not better or worse.  In the cream use side, more people had a positive response, but in comparison also more people got worse meaning the cream was not for them.
2:50 wait, is that Dave Jacobs? The superhuman athlete?
I dont understand, can anyone explain?😅
How do you measure science comprehension & science curiosity?
Has this been studied in more countries?  It seems to me as an outsider than in the US, politics has become very tribal, almost religious.  Most people have ideological leaning in some way, but the US style system isn't reflective of the whole world.
I think you should also point out the correlation between numeracy ad politics. May be that conservative have lower numeracy? Otherwise, can people become conservative because their numeracy is not good?
Can't this be justified by the people simply having other data already in their head?  If I present data about an unknown cream the partecipant will know only what I tell him.    If I present data about something that the partecipant is already familiar with and about which has internalized already a lot of data his judgement will be based on the whole amount of data he has available.  A bit like, if the cream was made by a mixture of uranium, anthrax and mercury, when presented with the rash increased rash decreased graph, the high numeracy people will be wary of believing it and will make up other justifications in their minds based on how they already know that putting anthrax on your skin isnt a smart thing to do
Why the thumbnail look like rowan from viva la dirt league
Would n't it be interesting to study this effect in a society where there is no two party system? The 'congres' in The Netherlands has 16 political party's....
wai-  does crime improved mean the crime rate got high or did the crime rate got low lmao??? crime worsened means the crime got decreased ??? I didn't get the grammar and its kinda like an oxymoron for the gun crime thingy I get the skin care thing
Does it not also reflect the relative trust in medical studies vs "political" studies? When in doubt people fall back on their prejudices.
Isn't the "Gun Control" one a bit of a bad pick for this kind of study? There are a lot more sociological factors that will influence this kind of study. If we take away the single firearm in a Town it's might not reduce gun deaths, while taking half of the guns away in a 5000 firearm city might decrease it by a lot.
How do you measure science curiosity independently of science comprehension?
My issue with the opening question was there feels to be not enough information xP Like how many people are in each group starting in total ? Are the people that wasn’t mentioned who’s rashes that neither improved or worsen ? Is the question about weighing the risk and benefit or is just a binary comparison to the most likely result ?
Already the first question is flawed. What study has more people in one group over the other? Why are there only 129 people using the no cream and 298 people using the new cream?
So faith clouds you rationality ?
where are the smart people if only americans are involved?
Isn’t this just an example of cognitive bias?
My question is, was the hypothetical gun control study presented as fact or a hypothetical? If you present something as a real situation, people will default to what they already know is true, whereas a hypothetical removes something from its context.
Am I dumb because I got it right?
How does doing the actual math make me dumber again?
I got it wrong when it was rash cream, does that make me smart or stupid?  I should also not have done this before bed lol  Edit: I think it makes me smart according to this but I feel like the title is referring to thr when it’s guns so therefore I think it means I’m stupid?
In the first question shouldn't the control group and the test group be the same number on people? The test group would have been 298 and the control group would have been 128. I'm i missing something?
What I found odd about the way the skin cream question was posed is HOW the data was displayed, with control and experiemental group as rows instead of columns. I found myself straining to "rotate" the chart in my head so I could compare the left and right columns in the top row (which is what I knew I needed to do), because what my brain WANTED to do was compare the top row and bottom row in the left column (as the guy at 0:59 did). I wouldn't have written the data out like this myself, and given that swapping the columns changed the result, I wonder if flipping the X and Y axes might make it easier for people to get the right answer.
I mean, with the gun control question I feel like you can't quite use the same format. Crime might have decreased in more areas compared to places where in increased, but it resultet in more crime in general right? For example. If you push out a law and it results in decreased crime in  most states but increased crime in general, doesn't that mean the law didnt objectively improve the situation? Maybe I'm missing something
Also, Just looking at the bigger number are the smarter people?
Why is the volume so loud in this video? If I watched this on my TV at the lowest setting it would still be too loud.
Do people really struggle this much with that question? I found it super easy.
How does this explain a Trump supporter when all their friends and colleagues are Democrats? This doesn't fit your explanation.
What king of uneducated people served as panel to those question, even a child would answer properly
Who is going to study the science of the science of science communication?! 😩
7:07 So, can we say that the individual biases can significantly influence how people really understand and interpret information and events?
The data table needs big label: FICTITIOUS DATA IMO people didn't understand the question, as they stubborn in this question. Or maybe that's part of the experiment?
whats the background music?
More the smartness, greater your dumbness?
How smart is the person who does not get this realy? OMG how low did we get?
"Rash Improved" means "Rash Reduced"? 😂  I think the ambiguous terms definitely corrupted the results making the research unreliable..
Could there be an issue, where the people in power stand to gain from polarization, and are therefore encouraging it? The different leaders, (political, cultural, spiritual, economical, you name it) are not on different teams. They are all on one team, and we are on the other. Don't let them divide us!
Is this also as big of an issue in less polarized regions? has this research been done in places that are not the USA?
What I want to know is why the lowest numeracy scores are consistently more accurate than the mid-range numeracy scores.
Why you don't add other Audio track  I can do it both Hindi for INDIA and Bangla for Bangladesh and West Bengal
You really based your video on a paper that didn't pass peer review?
For the first one I just calculated the relative risk - is that cheating?
What about groups in the studies that had „no change“??
So, doing studies to improve political decision isn't the solution?... The humans are
I wonder how much of this is a built in tendency toward Bayes Theorem.
7:50 "illegal crime" 😂 What type of crime is _legal_ crime?
Interesting...just one flaw; is democracy really based on logic and reason? Are we all like Spock? Maybe not...
9:29 why is there a stock footage of some crowd in India? so random??
On the first question I thought “making the rash better, does he mean that the cream benefitted the rash itself, making it more apparent?” I think this kind of stuff through, waaaay too much.
In the rash question were there any results where the condition did not change ?
Why would a study have a sample ratio mismatch like that?
isn't this just like confirmation bias in a way
What about a demagogue?  What about religion?  The choice is stark... the choice is between an angry cult of personality and a rational debate.
5:26 How many skylines can you recognize?
I don't know about this doc, I almost didn't graduate HS due to my math skills being so horrendous, despite being put in the math class for people with disabilities and still almost failing that, my numeracy score should have failed me here with understanding the data, but it somehow didn't.  Does being commited to open-mindedness, and trying to look at data objectively somehow override these deficiencies?
Isn't this a study that can't be replicated? Because last I checked, it couldn't be replicated.
Is that University of Arizona?
Are the scientists assembling these studies not just as susceptible to predetermined biases when cherry picking the results?
where is part 2 of the least action video? 😢
What about the independents? They were a large chunk of the pie graph at the beginning of the video but then ignored for the rest of the video.
Shouldn't we have equal number of people for no cream and with cream? Thats what makes it tricky.
Smart people struggling? At last, my time to shine!
Why only one ‘thumbs up’? Excellent video, if only all Americans could see it before tomorrow!
Did he pronounce “reduced” as “redoosed”? 😂 Learn the “you” sound. You wouldn’t pronounce perfume as “perfoom”.   I appreciate too lemonade costume as costoom but please try & speak properly
Just curious, how was science curiosity measured?
"Did the skin cream make it better?" The bottom set of numbers is irrelevant to this specific question.  The question is not "Did the skin cream do worse than the placebo?"(or non treatment, it really should have been a placebo)  _____  Gun control.  Numeracy didn't help because it's about cognitive bias here.  They want to see what they want to see.  (Confirmation bias?)  It's very clear in the answers sampled in the video, people are rationalizing why they think what they do(less guns = less crime from D), and virtually ignoring the numbers....unless the numbers confirm their bias.   The above two things are completely different ideas.  ______  People tending to keep their partisan beliefs despite DATA?  BECAUSE ISSUES LIKE CIVICS(ala gun control) ARE NOT ONLY ABOUT DATA, but a complex array of ethics, principles, and personal values.  Some people don't value the second amendment.  Some people really do value, under the auspice of self defense(and defending others).  This is not a data driven issue, it is ideologically driven.  A fake study about efficacy of crime reduction, or lack of efficacy, has nothing to do with the principle of self defense.  If you, or your sister, or some other person were being victimized by someone stronger, one would often hope that they have a viable means of stopping that victimization in it's tracks.  Statistical data about crime rates has nothing to do with the concept of someone you love being in a situation like that.  Jesus you're a lackwhit sometimes, Derek.
What about ppl without political beliefs?
There is a hank green video that reminds me of these "studies". Where Hank talks about a math equation debate. What I think the right answer here is that, the questions themselves are fundamentally wrong. Decreased crimes with gun control or decreased gun related crimes with gun control? Do you think the latter is the right question?
Where is the song from for the intro of first 5 seconds, sounds familiar ??
Where would you even find an honest data these days..? 😂
Am I too non-american to understand this video or what?
I don’t tells a person with a background in any research would know that the skin cream question is unanswerable, as no studies look for causality, they just look for correlation.  Also how can every patient have the same rash at the beginning?
I wonder if there’s a follow up study. I would bet it shows people continue to make the mistake, even when they’re told that they’re doing it
The fact that the numbers were fake throws a wrench into the equation. Its a bit of a mind/focus trick. Are you searching for an answer to the issue, or an approach to reaching a correct answer to any question given the expressed numbers? People get caught in that dilemma, or actually, trap themselves in it.
when she says she only sees you as a friend, and you think it just means you need to sweep her off her feet with grander and grander romantic gestures
How do you constructively talk about a local solution to disarm innocent people without resorting to triggering buzz words?
Were they told these studies were fake before hand? I think that would make a big difference. If they thought it was a real study, then (if I understand right) what you are saying it shows is people look at contrary data with more scrutiny.
Who decides what is or isnt "hate speech" or "misinformation" and gets to censor/suppress it?  Serious question. Is it just the party that is in power?  Do we not see how that could be abused?
Huh?😮 it's a 2x2 table, used extensively in epidemiology
Why does the gun control study have to be fictitious? The study could have used real data. Disappointed.
I don't get it. Sounds like those that are biased ignored the numbers. Where does smart or dumb come in?
So if i get it right im stupid, and if i get it wrong and im stupid? So im stupif either way 🎉
I got the first question right....Im I dumb?
My question is how to improve numeracy in our ?
I would have gotten that question correct when I was 6 years old.  What kind of "smarter" people are you talking about?
Is being able to identify the bigger number make you smart?
I went directly to count the ratio, not how big the number is. Only children and stupid person will do that. However, on gun question, I will ask first, where did he get the data? Or is it fictitious? If it's fictitious, then I'll still give the correct answer with angry face😏.
but what's the real data on gun control????
why is the control group so much smaller?
"An element of TRUTH"?
And of course the researchers were not immune to a good bit of ambiguous question phrasing:  "Crime improved" Huh? The crime bosses made more money? More women were successfully raped? "Crime worsened" Huh? The police and the politicians reversed themselves and got some thugs off the streets?  The trouble with two-word buzz phrases are a) they are inherently meaningless, and b) the group using them inherently cannot comprehend this.
Is this veritasium’s most unscientific video yet? The rash cream question is a mathematical question. The political control question is a political question.   Of course you’re not going to get the same amount of numerical answers
Why would the smarter person try to alter the evidence according to their perspective? Part of intelligence is learning new information and adapting based on that, being rigid with ones own beliefs isnt something i would expect that to be a falacy a smarter person would fall into.  Unless they're set in their ways because they've already looked at both sides, and therefore, arent willing to accept the seemingly false evidence before them going against their perspective? But still, evidence is evidence and you should be flexible on your views to some degree. None of us know everything no matter how smart we are.
Maybe we are more concerned with how the data is gathered and by who? It is difficult for the person gathering data on a political issue to remove their bias from their process.
This is more like James Clear's article on "Why do facts don't change our minds?"!
So.... fragile people who think they are smarter than average?
Really really like to see this same study done in many different countries, would it be the same? Interesting
how do we wind up in these political tribes in the first place.  It can't just be social since lots of people are at odds with the social groups.  So how does someone wind up in the liberal tribe?  There is more to it
There are 3 answers to the question, and they are all wrong: pro cream, anti cream, and "let the numbers decide". Both pro and anti cream are wrong because of a confirmation bias not based on fact, and "letting the numbers decide" is also wrong because the numbers can be undermined, for example: can the source of the numbers be trusted, someone can come up with different numbers (who's numbers do you trust?), and do you really understand how the numbers relate to the decision at hand?
The problem now is not to admit that we can be wrong and that we need to question ourselves based on some studies, the problem is : Is that study true ? In who to trust ? Media ? Politics ? Science ? In 2024, it seems that everything is biased by political ideas
Me after getting the answer right  Am I more smart or more dumb?
Hold on. Why is the conclusion that this result is down to some irrational motivation like tribalism? This question engages a person's rational, deliberative thinking, so there's likely a rational (from the person's perspective) reason for the change. The more straightforward reasoning here is that people perceived an apparent partisan implication in the result and distrust the interviewer as a partisan agent or working on behalf of a partisan agent as a result. In other words, it sounds more like the more people perceive an apparent partisan agenda in scientific data, the more likely they are to distrust it. That's the problem of a polarized political enviroment where any benal factoid can be turned into a partisan issue and suddenly no one can agree on what a fact even is.
how can you call it data when it is made up ?
Maybe I'm dumb but why do smart people do worse on these questions? What metric makes these people smarter?
Shouldn’t the term “crimes improved” be wrong?
But if you avoid political language, how are you going to manipulate and control the populace?
What about those of us who see both parties as equally deluded and can see the mess both make on different issues? I have always found it shocking that people pick a party and back them so completely when both are terrible on certain topics and both are corrupt. I can definitely see abhorrent acts by individual politicians that turn me off going anywhere near endorsing them, but that doesn't mean the other guy or gal is good.
What kind of bubbles did these participants live in? And how many of them have close relationships with people from the other side? …seems like an important factor.
If you “improve” a rash, doesn’t it get worse? If someone improves at robbing banks, is not that worse? I would have to define terms before proportionally answering this question.
I wonder how safe the average person in Chicago feels…or nyc.
Genuine question - is there good data underlying any big Republican national policy? It's good to know the effect is on both sides, but pragmatically, I don't know that Republicans are using data at all.  Maybe I'm just showing my tribe, though.
Were the samples told the numbers were made up and didnt necessarily reflect real world data? If not i think that messes with the assumptions some people would have made. Nearly everyone would fail to read the data correctly regardless of what it covered so by applying the gun labels it helped them gloss over the numbers which they dont know how to read and give an answer they believed to be true without "needing" to make proper sense of the data on the page.
What is the correct answer? There didn't even seem to be a control group who used an inactive cream (to filter out placebo effect). The results could have been entirely that the people who applied cream judged their rashes differently than those who didn't. There's also the question of number of participants. Were there 1000 people in each study? Then even the cream only helped 1 in 5 people, not every effective.
is there footage of Veretasium asking people these questions, also notice the numaracy ability, if we restrict ourselves to the 7,8 and 9 we see an upwards trend for all parties and all questions
See Jonathan Haidt on "must I believe this?" vs "can I believe this?" when it comes to evaluating new evidence.
Is the gun control one not just a trick question..? A rash is a rash, it is a specific reaction of the skin becoming inflamed, but crime is not just a singular crime, it's an umbrella of many things that break the law, many of which have no relation to guns. A study that vague would be akin to using people without rashes in the rash cream study.
Isn't this Cognitive Bias and Cognitive Dissonance?
Are the "experimental" and the "control" groups the same size?  ie- are there people in one or both groups that experienced "no change" and aren't listed in the results?  That could account for a lot of people thinking the experimental side is better, if they just assumed there were.  Which, in reality, there probably would be.
Out of curiosity, were these trends found at all levels of tribalism or only in the most polarizing ones? Like I feel that a common phrase is to not talk about politics OR religion so I'm curious if religious beliefs or lack thereof lead to similar results. I would also be curious if this applies at smaller groups of tribalism, say what sports team is your favorite or even whether or not you like a specific food. I hypothesize that there is a direct correlation to the degree of tribalism since with the examples I just listed I feel people are more likely to accept differing views as simply a difference of environment, culture, etc, an issue that doesn't have what is perceived as a distinct correct or incorrect answer.
Here is my favourite riddle, it is a little bit mean, though, but I think it’s insightful. There are two planets, on both planets everybody lives to 80 years old. On both planets, everybody pairs up and has two kids. The only difference is on planet A People have their kids when they’re 20 years old. On planet B people have their kids when they’re 40 years old.  What is the difference in the long-term population of the two planets?  The weird part is, no matter how many kids these people have already had, or how smart they seem to be, nobody seems to get the answer to this riddle. The planet A Where people have their children when they’re 20 will have double the population of planet B.  I honestly can’t believe how ignorant people are to this problem. To me it shows how little people actually know when they think they know everything. And also how little thought they have put into understanding how their actions affect the globe. I honestly can’t believe how many people have kids And get this problem completely arse up. Such little understanding. Very disappointing in my opinion. 😢  You should try surveying people with this question, it would be hilarious to see all the people get this one wrong. Please please, please please please do it. If I had to align myself with some kind of ideology, it would be that I’m a massive sceptic About humans and their inflated opinions. Please ask this question and help Reveal just how little people know.
Isn't this just bias? I don't understand what this has to do with being smart or not as it affects everyone
How do they define high numeracy though?  I'd like to think the top .1% in "numeracy" would end up overcoming their bias.
How is the “intuitive answer” just to pick the biggest number? I think the most (only?) intuitive answer would be to figure out the success rate as a percentage for each option. Simply picking the biggest number strikes me as more of a “I don’t actually care about this so I’ll just pick that one” answer.
wtf are those questions? people really have trouble with those kind of question? Like really?   "smart people do worse because they see big number". No thats a dumb person imo.
So why do children reject their parents beliefs?
The challenge is that data isn't the only input to policy decisions. There are also values. Consider: would you believe it was fine to torture to death small children if it cured cancer in an elderly person? How about 10 middle-aged adults? Would a chart showing a vast gain of QALYs be sufficient? Or would you stand and say that torturing small children is immoral, regardless of the numbers?
Okay but how do you objectively quantify most of these things enough to put on an x-axis; "Numeracy", "Ordinary Science Intelligence", "Actively Open-minded Thinking (z-score)"? They  honestly seem to get  more subjective as the argument goes on. I get the point is (subjective) bias in examining data, but what does that mean when the very data itself is already measuring the subjective??
OK, but where do I get that cream for my rash?
Man I'm still stuck on numeracy. How is score figured out and what do the scores 0-9 mean?
Errrrrr .... so an entirely arbitrary definition of numeracy was used .... ?
An interesting question to ask people is, what is your most extreme belief that goes against how you identify? What is a conservative's most progressive idea or a progressive's most conservative idea.   Me? I'm a conservative. My most progressive ideas are that we should build walkable cities, with all of the zoning deregulation and other challenges that that entails, and that we should implement Utahism, the redrawing of state boundaries such that states better contain individual political groups rather than their current arbitrary lines so that people can feel more like their state represents them rather than some majority in their current state.
Why are you getting political with a bias on pro liberal politics? Could it be you want to endorse someone specific?
Are they disputing the statistical correlation or merely the conclusion of the study? For a simple clinical trial about skin cream with only one variable, that's more or less the same thing. But for a political issue such as gun control there's going to be far more variables, variables that politically minded people are going to be more aware of and thus dispute a conclusion of a study even if they can recognize a statistical correlation.
skin cream question is pretty dumb. shouldn’t the groups be equal? and shouldn’t there be a section for no changes?
@Veritasium would have been good to know how they determined "Numeracy"?  Also This American Life just had a segment on a journalist at Tangled successfully convincing people the election was not stolen by avoiding the buzz words that are used by each side.
Have there been any cross-cultural versions of this study?  Is this worse in America where people are primed to be very tribal?  Is it even worse in societies where tribal structures have even higher stakes of actual punishment or ostracism?  Is it better in places where people feel tribalism less on a daily basis?
5:53 The headers of the table are CONFUSING!  "Crime improved" is marked with an UP-ARROW?  What does this mean? "Improved" / "Worsened" is from the perspective of criminals? More intuitive would be "Crime Reduced" (DOWN-ARROW).
What do I believe in and why do I believe it?
Why can’t we make both candidates work together? And run as one?
Are graphs on 11:46 also fake data? I'm asking because in video they are sounding like actual observation of the same people but grouped differently along x axis, but it couldn't be right - there is quite a lot of blue below .6 (even .4 and .3) on the left chart and there is no blue below .6 on right chart. If only difference is with ordering on x axis they still should be somewhere on the right chart, maybe in a different percentile, but there is suddenly non blue below .6. So those groups are very different and should not be compared.
How weird. To me this question is just math and the subject of it doesn’t matter. It’s like asking if 2+2=4 and people getting it wrong because of their beliefs.
What does "crime improved" even mean? What does putting "107 crime improved" mean? Did crime rates reduce by 107? Were there 107 less deaths from guns? Did the average death toll decrease by 107?
If you get it right are you a smarter smart person or a dumb person? Asking for a friend
International Charge for groundnews??  Is the USA economy so poor at the moment you couldn't keep the business in the USA for USA news?  Hmmm...  I unsubscribed faster than I subscribed after seeing that.  Wished I could get my money back in the USA.
I wonder how much of this effect is just regular confirmation bias and has nothing to do with political bias. Was that controlled for?
She was scared to see that people on the other side are like her!?  WHY ARE YOU SCARED!?!?!?!?  What is so scary about knowing that others are no different than you!?
Rash improved?  Or rash went away?  😅
How many people weren't affected for the skin cream study?
Are the cream/gun results even statistically significant? I'd have to run the numbers, but on first glance I doubt it. If not, there would be only one correct answer: can't tell.
Why don't we have a tribe where you signal belonging by disinterested truth seeking and disagreement?
While I immediately calculated the relative percentages and came to the "correct" answer, I questioned why the total numbers were so different (i.e. why didn't they evenly split the experimental and control groups?). If we assume the number of participants in each group are the same (a properly designed study), we get very different results. I kept expecting him to pop up that "gotcha."
Should have asked this question to medical students and doctors. This 2x2 table is an extremely common question on our board exams. It's very easy to calculate the PPV, NPV, Sp, Se, and etc. I think this table gave all of my medical student, resident, and doctor friends nightmares haha.
Is it really about intelligence? clouding in peoples rational reasoning by personal bias don't really have anything to do with being smart or stupid. only thing i can think of to take out of this is that allowing your political beliefs to disturb your judgement makes you less smart in some degree. otherwise clickbait
Maybe I missed it. How are you scoring the numeracy?
Instead of saying something about politics and gnu control I'll just ask a question. What's brown and sticky?  The answer is below...           A poo. 😐
Was anyone else bothered by the sample size differences?  I know it's not an absolute requirement, and every study or group is unique.  Still, to effectively relate the concept highlighted in this video, that part was distracting.
But correlation is not causation ? just because people get swept by emotions (about politics) and therefore even actually thinking about the numbers presented becomes a coinflip, dosnt mean numeracy hasnt any impact anymore? i dont see how the study deconstructs mere correlation here
Hot takes here, maybe we need to look in another pov, what if there isnt correlation between gun legislation and crimes rate? We need another variable to answer these issues, tho...
Paused at 0:50 and checking to see how I do on this question. My thought after thinking for two seconds is that the cream made it worse. With the cream, about a third of people got a worse rash, and without it, a fifth. Obviously two thirds and four fifths respectively got it better. Let's see how I do.  At 1:50 now, and yeah. ... Wait... Am I not smart? Oh crud...
Here's another question that smart Americans get wrong: how do you pronounce "processes"? The higher level diploma you have, the less likely you are to get it right.
I don't understand the question. Are these numbers crimes per 100,000 people, or percentages, or just numbers? Without indication it means nothing.
Are they recognizing or assuming?
I paused the video and broke out a calculator when the data was first shown. Is that allowed?
Crime improved? So, you got better criminals, or people felt the crimes committed against them were better than the crimes used to be?
The way I thought about the cream question was "out of all the people in both groups, what percent got worse?" In the group with the cream, 25% got worse but in the control group, only 16% got worse. Kind of surprised that's not the intuitive way to think about it, I guess I'm an overthinker haha
Isn't the table different in person (3:02) vs in the animation (1:32)? The numbers are displayed in the same order in both but the rash improved/worsened column titles are flipped.  Edit: nvm it was addressed lol
what if you think both sides are equally bad lol
How do you include something in a report if it never happened?
Ere the samples in xpmnt group and control group the same? One has ~double improvement but ~triple worsening
@2:24 how do you figure out someone's numeracy score? Isn't that essential?
So smart people don't change their mind when someone shows them a single study?  That's the smart thing to do.
How do you get the peoples numeracy score? That's an important question
This is fascinating, but aren't you a bit worried that this is one of those studies that doesn't replicate? ...
How many saw through the poorly drawn up gun control graph?  Crime improved vs Crime worsened? The word choice here is not at all clear. Hundreds of cities in a gun control study? That would have been in the news so either the data is corrupted or completely fabricated
Isn't the whole gun question sort of flawed in that if I was in that situation, I am already aware that the US is the only country wtih the level of gun violence and abundance of guns and have seen data surrounding that, so what are four meaningless numbers in a grid with no methodology going to do to sway my opinion? The numbers provided quite literally don't mean anything and there isn't a lot to try and interpret so naturally people fall back on information they were previously aware of. My initial reaction would be to scrutinise the numbers and figure out the methodology of how they got them before determining whether or not to dismiss it as junk or change my views. All this really shows is that people, consciously or unconsciously, recognise the graph doesn't mean anything and move towards debating their corner instead.
wait, are most people not constantly self-verifying their train of thought?
Is it just me, or were the graphs laid out in a confusing way? Trying to read the data made it harder than just listening to my confirmation bias. Vermin supreme 4 prez.
Finally proof that if the issue is sensitive people can be shown the same information and believe different things. Now the question is, what do we do with that? No one changed their minds with the fake data, why would they act differently if they were shown real data?
So instead of gun control and climate change we should use gun change and climate control?
The difference in distribution curves at 7:39 is interesting.  Why is the low numeracy error group more tightly concentrated, with less variance?  Does this further support the position that logic and reasoning are separate from tribalism?
Is anyone actually centrist in the USA? Sitting between being republican and democrat?
Numbers are weird. Isn't 21 out of 128 1/6th, not 1/5th? I thought it was closer to twice as bad with the cream.
Technically speaking, cant you use a proportional 95% confidence interval to determine these results?
Is it more confirmation bias ( I feel bad if I prove I am wrong)  or social bias (I feel bad if I prove my pals are wrong)?
How does one quantify "science curiosity?"
5:23 How many cities can you guess? I only got 3: NY, SF, and St. Louis. 😅
What happens if the numbers are presented in a neutral manner, and only after people express their conclusion and logic you show what the numbers were about, how do people react?
BS where did he find Trump supporters that can do maths?
So we should just accept and embrace the Overton window?  You can't meet the other side in the middle when they include literal Nazis and fascists.
3:02 Even the people with the highest numeracy score got it right less than 75% of the time. Was there a time limit on this question?
It's a stupid question. Are you asking if you want your rash to get better versus not to get worse? Then no cream, but if your entire goal is to improve your rash, the cream has twice the effectiveness as no cream. If you want the highest percent chance to improve your rash without worsening symptoms then no cream,  if you want to improve your rash regardless of the outcome, the use the cream? Clearly the cream is effective because there is no placebo. Whether or not the "worsening" of the rash is a mental thing where you feel like it's not improving therefore it could feel worse.
wait so should I be happy or sad if I get it wrong?
I’m gonna be honest, in all of these cases, my reaction would be “well it seems like a tossup” and “why isn’t your control size the same as your experimental size?”
I would be interested to know how this ‘numeracy’ was measured.... Self-assessment of the respondents?
What does it mean by increased crime by 223 and decreased crime by 75… etc? How do you measure it like this? Can’t conclude anything because the ‘data’ doesn’t mean anything
1st question is tied to the object "skin cream" and its use towards the effect of making rashes on the subjects better.   Why is the control group considered for the answer if they did not use any skin cream? They don't satisfy the parameters of the question, it seems.
This raises another question.  Is how you do anything how you do everything?  If you're someone whose ignored math, or at least some analog of that kind of logical thinking, are you more likely to go through life not applying that to anything?  What if that person decided to start learning, and becomes proficient in math?  Would that change the way they approach everythin
Isnt the worst crime city in US the one with the most strict gun control? I think its a bad faith argument to use fake numbers like that
Is this Dunning–Kruger all over again?
Did anyone go for Chi squared test?
I wonder how this study would do in places where people's views aren't as much 'pro-this, anti-that'. That's kind of how I perceive the US as a (Western-)European. I'm not saying this as some kind of personal attack to Americans, but I'm genuinely wondering if that would impact it and how much.
Were those the Trumpistas that ended up getting stranded in the desert cuz their cult leader and his cronies didn't arrange transportation for their cultists? 🤣🤣 I understand the point of the whole video is that we're all susceptible to our own biases, but cmon you can't tell me the cognitive dissonance isn't strong in those folks
How was the numeracy score calculated, that produced the scale?
Science finds humans aren’t truth seeking machines? I don’t believe.
how did we measure that these people have high numeracy? is it self reported? because that introduces some variables that could drastically sway the results
I couldn't answer the question because I kept asking myself, "how many participants were there in total?" How many were there that did not improve nor worsen? Perhaps I'm the dumbest of all.
So this was a study on confirmation bias?
But smart people didn't do worse that less numerate ones?
why should we make policy based on data. When policy leads to unknown outcomes, why should we establish them?
Just an aside, the gun control icon was very poorly chosen.  The question is about gun *control* but the icons are guns, is the one where the icon is crossed out mean less guns (i.e. more control), or less gun control (as per the question) ?
Conservatives in the us that are mathematically savvy ?? That’s what I find hard to believe
Was the FBI data before or after they quietly revised it upwards!
Conservatives in the us that are mathematically savvy ?? That’s what I find hard to believe
Why use clickbait when your video will do well with a proper title?
So it shows stats for confirmation bias in a way?
if no rashes worsened with no cream, and one single rash worsened with cream, does that infinite proportion mean the cream made the rash worse even if all other rashes improved?
What does Numeracy means though? What are you actually measuring in the x axis of every plot you've shown?
Here's a problem for you to solve Derek. Why does yootoob randomly delete my comments from videos, even after I make sure to scrub them of offensive language and trigger words? Also why do they keep showing me recommendations for political channels that I have specifically clicked "do not recommend channel" button every time it appears? Is yootoob malevolent or just incompetent?
why is 90 percent of the clips trump supporters being bias ? even though you talked equally about both groups but visually so unequal.   the irony is thick
Are people genuinely scoring worst or are they getting the right answer from the data but saying the wrong answer on purpose to support their political view point?
Not to brag but I got it wrong. Serious comment though... Isn't this "data" incomplete therefore open to different assumptions? On the skin care question I was imagining a third group of "no change." I guess to me it should have been more clear that the presented outcomes were the only outcomes.
What is interesting is on the political question, the people start talking about gun control and not the numbers. They seem to completely ignore the actual numbers.  Of coarse this could also be due to selective editing.
crime improve and green arrow up... and for video it is changed to increase/decrease :D is it incopetence or malice? There is surely causality between controversial topic and ambiguous questions... I came up multiple times to conclusion that when we discussed real meaning of the words we used that we actually agree while it seemed like we strongly opose each other opinion... Most of the time people have no will to discuss meaning of what they say
10:00 - 10:36 this is exactly the entire problem and worsening it is considered the solution here?
No joke, I got the question right.....but, I guess I'm not smart?  I have two advanced degrees, in CS, where I studied statistics.....i don't know, you tell me...
So, the real question is how do we identify the actors in society that are working towards increasing the divide?  There is plenty of evidence that most people are more alike than they are different.  So for politics to be as extremely polarized as they are now, it would seem to me that there is an active effort to divide people.  Those people are the real enemy of society.
The question was wrong: it should be asked if cream worked better then no cream or not? Because rash improved with and without cream too..
I usually wind up being g the devil’s advocate…where does that put me?
Wait a second, you couldnt find ONE person who carefully examined the data in the political scenario? Call me an optimist by I'm skeptical of this.
Am I the only one who sees several levels of trick questioning here? I feel like in this one, we're the test subjects... But that's statistics for ya.
An ethics board approved presenting fake studies to thousands of bystanders?  And that's the system working?
At least use wording that makes sense, not "improved" and "worsened" on a negative term like crime and rash.  What the hell is an improved crime?? Are the criminals getting smarter?
And how smart am i for predicting the ground news ad at the end when only 5 mins in? Hamburger menu>dont recommend channel... maybe do a video on how shitty ads are.
Both adding gun control and removing gun control reduces crime? Let's just ping pong switch around to a crime free utopia.
I got brainwashed by Uni. First question that popped into my head: How many of the rashes stayed the same? Were there equivalent amounts of people in control and intervention group, possibly due to drop outs?
i didn't understand numeracy score clearly. how do you define the numeracy score? asking some questions ? what does that mean ?
Did anyone else just instinctively add the 21, 107, and 75 to get 203? 223 is a larger number than 203 so the creme improved the rash on more people than it diddnt...how is this not the right answer?
For this first question (skin cream), I would not agree what is "correct" due to ambiguity.  This is like comparing two groups – one earned $500 working hard, the other earned $800 doing nothing. And then asking "did the first group get richer?" Sure they did! They also got poorer compared to the group that did nothing, but if the group that did nothing is selected as the baseline, then we would not even say they got richer ("improved") – earning $800 while doing nothing would just be the default neutral state ("nothing changed").
Being a Veritasium video and the intro, I really questioned my answer. One ratio was clearing higher than the other. But I figured there was something I was missing, some statistical problem that it takes a really smart person to know. Oh, it turns out people just pick whatever number is higher? Really? Ok, that's a different kind of problem.
I love that this took an anthropological spin. Acknowledging your bias is a very difficult task, but important to keep at the forefront of your mind when analyzing a new information. Experiments like this demonstrate it beautifully. It never hurts to ask yourself, how does my culture/society shape my worldview?
wait, if the probability of getting correct is lower between 4 and 6 that at 0 or 1 does that means midwits are scientifically proven?
Is this a re upload? I swear Ive seen this video before a few years ago
How do you know who’s smarter and who’s not and how are you judging them based on
Could you make a video of the Einstellung effect ? I will be very interesting.
0:49 is it just me who noticed a second pattern? so using the cream doubles your chances of getting better but it quadruples the chances of making it worse + or - ~10 ofcourse i noticed the proportionality u pointed out first but for some reason i couldn't say anything conclusive from just that and now i feel dumb it was right in front of my eyes but i had to go a step further
what about the outcasts? like me? who dont live in a society? is it possible that I have dislearned to respect the social setting when reasoning?
so if i get the question right in 2nd minute, then I'm dumb? :D
Isn't this just another variation on cognitive bias?
What?? Focus on solving the problem instead of assigning blame??? What sort of sorcery is this?
so tribalism is rational? do we still live in tribes?😅 I think the correct term would be tribalism *was* rational, and is now detrimental. but don't worry, at some point in the future, it will be rational again..
but your giving them fake facts so they will gravitate to the fact they have seen from other science, or did i miss something?
My first question was, why didn't they give the control group a placebo?
The skin cream question is a simple matter of percentage calculation. Total number of people who used cream: 223+75 = 298. People with better skin 223 of 298 = ~75%. Compare this to the control group where 107 of 128 = 83% got better skin. But one question was left behind. When people don't use creams why they should get better skin? It would be okay to assume that the control group will stay unchanged. Otherwise you should ask why is the skin of all people so bad at the beginning? That's why this study is of no use at all. The control group is proofing that there was an unknown factor making all evidence useless. Dismiss this study into the waste bucket of science.
So am I smart for getting it wrong and dumb if I get it right?
... intuition? how does ones intuition lead them to believe that the applied ratio is better than the not applied ratio? my intuition led me to believe that I should look at the ratios for rash improvement compared to worsening for both variables? Am i stupid? is everyone else stupid? is everybody stupid?
Another issue is the rejection of data that seems to prove a point that has been historically shown to be consistent with debunked studies.  Your example of gun control is a perfect example.  You have hugely decorated "researchers" like Arthur Kellerman and Michael Belliesiles that ultimately were shown to have faked their data to reach their conclusions.    Many people I know who understand the details of firearms would outright reject those results simply based on the track record of such studies.  Virtually every so-called study that attempts to show that gun control laws reduce crime has been found to contain fraud in one manner or another.  That said, those who are not well versed in such matters tend to believe the mass media which love to report on these type of studies, but then are reluctant to report on the failure of peer review.  Regardless if this is intended propaganda or simply an editorial bias, the result is that many well intentioned individuals hold an incomplete picture of the subject simply due to the manner in which it is treated in the media.   So, I wonder....   Was it the political bias, or the reputation of such data in their eyes that actually caused the bias?    Or, on a deeper level, is the institutional bias of the political leaning creating an expected outcome?  This kind of goes along with the herd mentality in many ways.
Ok but take the graph at 8:15, yes it *seems* like it's more polarized, it seems implied that both democrats and republicans are confidently wrong, but what is the ground truth? Because if say Liberal Democrats end up being closer to ground truth, then that has nothing to do with their political bias.
Are you sure these were smart people?  Or trump supporters?
Is that only the case in murica or other countries too?
I like the people who are like "where did you get this info? Have you checked it?"
@veritasium how do the participants receive a numeracy score? kinda confused about this.
Not villainizing the "other group", befriend them is not that easy when they are actively trying to remove right to you or people similar to you...  Also when you have lunatics like Donald Trump who doesn't care about the data and prefer he's narrative over everything else what should we do???
Hold up… I got this question right, and reasoned using ratios. Does that mean I’m dumb??
I haven't gotten very far in the video and I already have a big problem with the question of the skin cream, which I feel like is going to be a trend of issues for the rest of the video.  Mainly, why, in this fictional scenario of skin cream testing, is the cream-using group (298) so much larger than the control group (128)?  Proper data would be better gathered if the groups were the same size.  My initial thought, upon seeing the numbers in the chart, was that the question is being intentionally deceptive by asking if the cream improved or worsened the rash, because it seems like the most likely answer is that the cream has no significant effect at all, and that the only information that can really be drawn from this data is that rashes will usually improve over time (with or without this particular cream).  To try and argue that the ratios say it worsened the rash based on a group that is so much smaller than the other is a very weak argument.
What's with that karen demanding the numbers mean nothing and she wants to see the cream???
Here's a question I'd love answered that I haven't yet seen anyone address (though I'm sure many must have commented, I just haven't seen it): Why 50:50 ? Why is it that Brexit came so close to 1:1, why in the US are voters so close? Is it just coincidence? Certainly could be, but maybe its not, maybe when there is too much overload people really are at some level just flipping a coin in their dopey (me too) minds.
Wtf is "crime improved / worsened"? its unclear at best
How is it intuitive to ignore the proportion between 2 pairs of numbers when you're being asked about which proportion between those numbers is larger lol
Isn't this just a fancy way to prove that humans have biases that affect their judgement? The placebo effect even shows that this even works subconsciously.
Couldn’t it be biased as some tables show twice as much instances of successfully/or not gun control?
American friend? 😱😱 HES NOT AMERICAN?????
Ok but why rationalizing with proportions in that case is wrong? It seemns that its better to not use the cream
How do we make low information voters in these 2 parties interested in science? The base of the right and the left are both deeply ignorant.
Hey prof, whats numeracy mean again?
so what’s the conclusion? politics make people stupid and not logical?
Can this be explained by the fact that more numerate people get the question right more so compared to a blanket baseline of people that choose the political answer, the more numerate people will have a bigger delta. Seems like a simple explanation.
The results shown in the graphs are very odd. You wouldn't expect the accuracy to go below 50% for lower-literacy people, because it's a multiple choice true/false question! So it's not surprising that the graph is flat at 50% for the "cream made rash better" case (4:05), it's more surprising that the graph goes below 50 in the other case! Maybe that's because people are more disposed to think the cream will work like he said, but then why doesn't the graph start higher than 50% in the "made rash better" case?   Now in the case of the political question where it disagrees with their opinion, it does make sense for the graph to start below 50% since they are sort of pre-disposed to be wrong. So I guess the point of the video still holds, since the accuracy in that case doesn't improve with increasing literacy. But what about the case where it agrees with their opinion? It's very surprising that the graph starts around 25% in that case... why in the world are the very low literacy people consistently choosing the answer that is neither correct nor agrees with their opinion??
How we should deal with biased researches and data is the more important question.
Anybody else got stuck on the question because the data for no change was missing? If a large enough amount of participates using the cream and had no improvement or worsening, then using the cream suddenly becomes better than not using it.
Are the participants in the survey tested before and after using/not using the cream? I mean is there someone that tested at least their fitness levels before/after? What's the rash type, what's in the cream, etc ...
I mean I got it right and I'm a medical doctor, am I in trouble?
It seems like that conclusion that "smarter" people are simply more steadfast/stubborn in their beliefs is itself a hasty conclusion. What about the possibility that those people are dealing with a larger datasets? The contradictory information could just represent a smaller portion of their available knowledge ("well this data says this, but I can recall five other studies that say otherwise"), which seems more like availability heuristic than confirmation bias.
If can I ask, please. What was the proportion between women and men in rash cream quest? Age diagram is, probably, also interesting.
Why are there sides? We are all here together.
What does it even mean for crime to improve or worsen. Does worsened crime mean less crime as the downward arrow suggests, or more crime as the red color suggests, or does it mean the criminals are worse at what they do, or is the type of crime more heinous making it worse for its victims?  Anyway, I wouldn't call any of these political zealots, from either side, smart, regardless of their numeracy.
Might the reason be because they won't trust a random guy showing them data that may or may not be true? I think that has a lot to do with this discrepancy.
How to tell if you’re neurodivergent: first question, that’s a bad study, are they testing a specific cream or one cream?
Wait I'm failing to even understand the question with the gun control framing. Is it total number of cities and then X of them get better/worse? Or percentage? What's the control mean in this scenario? There's not an easy 1:1 comparison to the skin cream. I can't be the only one confused by this.
were these people asked to rate their own level of numeracy? if so, the experiment is just suggesting that the most tribal people are just the most self-praising
Shouldn't the definition of smarter mean someone who is able to to extrapolate to the future better ? This video just does not make sense to me... (or maybe it does if it's paid?)
Wait... Those graphs at the beginning shouldn't be continuous.. right?
@veritasium Can you clarify if the panel knew that the studies were fictitious before they give their answers? It's not fully clear to me.
Did your view of Global Warming change since your last video on the subject?
The gun control example is really bad one since the cities aren’t chosen randomly and there could be all sorts of confounding factors - e.g. if they enacted gun control, is it because shootings were out of control? I’d be hesitant to answer from just a grid of numbers like that.
I might’ve missed it, but what does the numeracy mean and how is it obtained?
Suspicious that we don't see the data points in graphs shown at around 7:55. What's the N here?
Anyone else felt like background was really distracting with how quickly it changes?
What if it's the group that's walking off the cliff?  (This coming from the anti-social one...)😜
Is this why Americans are likely to elect Trump for a 2nd time?
Are we actually talking about peoples perception of proportions now?
I got the question right… does that mean I’m dumb or really smart? 😅
what about when the tribe you were raised in turned out to be highly abusive and now you've had to use rationality as your only tool to escape that, and that changed your politics in addition to other things? I think we should look into that population specifically.
so they're giving them made up numbers and when they don't believe the made up numbers, that means they're bias?
Am I the only one who thought the groups who got the treatment and the control group were the same size (like 500 for example) and for the rest the rashes just didn't change? So I thought the first one was actually better because it improved the situation overall, even though it got worse for some people
You showed the numeracy scale from 0-9, but what does each increase in that scale mean? Im not sure I understand what it means to have "X numeracy score"  Is it just if I have a 9, Im great with finding this information in a problem? and how did you know any person's numeracy score, did they get a test beforehand?
guys… is nobody gonna talk about the background sound 1:02 is skyrim? or is that just me
Question: how did you come to decide on using Knuth's Computer Modern as your main font? Because it's used so often in mathematical texts (when formatted with (La)TeX)? Or because you wouldn't have any copyright issues? Just curious. Btw, the ligatures don't seem to work correctly. I've noticed how "fi" looks so odd. But that's to be expected when you don't have the TeX font encodings and ligature information formatting the text, rather the engine behind your video software.
Okay and what about nerodivergent people?
At time 5:35 the graphics are “no guns” 223/75 or vv, and “guns” 107/21 or vv  Then at 5:49 with the kid in the bitchin’ shades the graphics are reversed — “guns” is 223/75 and “no guns” is 107/21  What gives?
Pardon me for asking, but how can a study include unreported crimes? I mean, if they are not reported, how does anyone know about them? This implies that they are guessing or making up numbers to suit their agenda. That is not science.
11:42 How do you measure science curiosity?
Being able to entertain the thought independently of your own beliefs is the actual start. You don't need to accept something as true, but you should be willing to entertain the idea in good faith that if it was true, then what?   People usually have rationalized their beliefs on some quantity of evidence which work as the ground "facts" for the formation of their beliefs over time, and it is completely natural to be skeptical against information that goes against that. After all, what you're presented with is just one piece of evidence against your memories of larger quantities that support position against it.
Me being asked the question on skin cream: what about the people whose rash stayed the same? What’s the clinically meaningful definition for “improved” rashes? This data is much better represented by continuous variables (e.g, rash surface area) rather than discrete variables. I’m fun at parties
My question: how did you find republicans with high numeracy scores? 😂
is this a repost? why am i gettin dejavu
5:42 what do those numbers even mean?? In the skin cream example they related to the number of participants with EXISTING RASHES, and the numbers indicated how many of those existing rashes got better or worse. In the gun control example, what do they relate to? There's either a lot of information omitted (since the example can't be transferred as it is from skin cream to guns) or it just doesn't make sense
Am I crazy or is the skin cream question flawed (or at least unanswerable), as we do not know the number of people in each group for whom the rash did not improve or worsen?
Am I the only one who noticed how far the blue line is below the red line for levels 2-7?
How is gun control or climate change partisan rethoric? Words have meaning
Were the participants told that the "study" is hypothetical and the numbers were just made up? Because that should have informed them that this is about math not about policy.
But what if an equal amount of people got randomized to skin cream and no skin cream, and there's a non-showed category consisting of people who neither got better nor worse? If a rash stays the same and doesn't get better, that could be construed as only marginally less bad as the rash getting worse. In that case it might be better to get a little more worsening rashes in return for improving or curing more rashes.
If you choose an answer to this problem at random, what is the probability that you will be correct?  A: 25% B: 100% C: 25% D: 50%
Oy .. where's the least action video part 2? !
Why am I getting these wrong??? 😭
"Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make it worse?" The real answer was both, for some people it made it better and for others it made it worse.
I wonder if smarter people are better able to correct for this bias once they've realized they're susceptible to it.
How many of them are openly lying to themselves because they know the answers are against their will? The guy in glasses had pure lawyer talk… when one is lying 🙄
I wish the description would be updated with the original title every time it changes. What was the original title for this one?
Your counterexample with the sea level rise is a loaded question. There is an assumption in the question that the sea level is rising. Could it be that the land is sinking, or the shore is eroding? Yes, but the loaded question does not allow for either of these possibilities and assumes that it is PROVEN that sea level is rising. Also, even if sea level rise (apparent rise, also including the previously mentioned possibilities) is present at all, is VERY difficult to measure because the measurement error is probably larger that the actual change. I constantly see bias in survey questions which is why I never answer surveys.
When did "climate change" become political and loaded?? It's just… a thing…
An apolitical video about politics? In this economy??
Anyone pulled paused the video displaying the chart, pulled out a sheet of paper and started calculating the percentages before the damn percentages were shown? It felt so useless afterwards….
You did not show the exact question asked when the example was gun control. Maybe this was just a sloppy oversight, but I think you are smart enough to expect people to translate “the same question” in only one way, even if that isn’t entirely accurate. It feels misleading. Why were we not able to see you asking people the question when the data was labeled as gun control?
Why is climate change political when it’s accepted science fact?
So the conclusion is that numerate people allow their biases to influence their thinking more than the innumerate?
People who base conclusions off of bigger numbers are smarter?
There is also the possibility of selection bias. Imagine walking up to random people with data that catches them off guard and challenges their beliefs - do you expect those people to blindly accept the information they are presented with, or instead to become guarded?
Isn't that just a confusion matrix?
Is gun control political? In the US I guess it is but I'm in the UK where it isn't. All political parties support gun control so I wonder how the gun control question would go in the UK vs the US.
Okay I'm 6:30 into this and there's something really bugging me. Why are people falling into the trap of assuming that the binary choices they're being presented with have any correlation between actions and result?  And why aren't they questioning if there are other possible reasons for something occurring?  It's alarming how easily even the questions rope them into a thought process that is simplistic.  In the case of the first skin cream example, anyone with a modicum of statistical training will immediately realize that the proportion of people whose rashes improved without cream was much higher than those who had the cream, and that a much larger percentage of people who got the cream worsened.  However ...  This begs the question - why would a cream make something worse?  It's highly unlikely given that it's almost certainly formulated with things proven to be beneficial for skin.  So was the cream responsible for the rash getting worse?  Was it possibly genetics?   Age?  Was it possibly ANYTHING else?  And why is no one asking "Was there no one who neither got better nor worse?"    I think given the data, there's no assured conclusion to be reached; the best you could do is a reasonable guess/opinion.  And in that regard, I'd be more likely to conclude that the cream had very little if any effect, and it's more like a sample of 326 people, 230 who improved and 96 who didn't, and I want to know what kind of rash it was and what about all the people whose condition didn't change?  And then the gun control thing is a classic example of how easily some people are manipulated for political agendas.  Why assume that gun control has any effect on crime either way?  Places with strict gun control laws (e.g. Chicago where I live) are also usually run by Democrats , and it's no secret that Democrats have a propensity to be soft on crime, defund police, and they have pretty much stopped enforcing laws as any meaningful deterrent and keep turning criminals back out on the streets with a revolving door.  So was it gun control that had an effect or something much more basic?  Not mention, how about the influence of the increasing coarsening of societal norms?  Back in the 1960's for example, when things were still relatively civilized, there were practically no guns laws and there was very little gun violence.  I would argue gun control has a small effect if any on crime rates one way or the other.  The one irrefutable truth however is that criminals by definition don't obey laws, including gun laws, so why would anyone want them to be the only people carrying guns around in a gun restricted city?  Especially a city with a reduced police presence...  Point being, this video is very illustrative, but what it really shows is the absence of critical thought and the acceptance of false binary dilemmas. I'm sure the people who came up with this "study" knew what they were doing, so my question is: Why did they present such a blatantly flawed premise to base it on? What agenda are they pursuing to make a point?  Nothing like starting with a conclusion and then building a data base to support it.    There's lies, there's damned lies, and then there's statistics.
Will Derek vote for A Harris or  B Trump?  None of the above. He is Australian.
It's a really bad question swap... are you pulling an inception on us? Are we still in the experiment?
"are people more or less likely to trust random data when that data goes against their beliefs, regardless of level of intelligence?"
Isnt this terror management theory?
Why do you think everyone has a voice on the web "they" wouldn't let me get my opinion out there.  And people need the duality. It keeps us in control of the bus (for lack of a better description) Prove me wrong and comment then?
Were they told it was a fake study?
Can we have a video on numeracy?
Sorry but how would picking the bigger number be smart? Or knowing math doesn't help? Seeing the proportionality requires more math than just guessing the biggest number?
Has this study been replicated outside of the US?
Wait isn’t this just confirmation bias when they got it wrong?
10:48 How on earth did we get to the point where a science channel is calling “climate change” a loaded/partisan term??
9:29 how did Maratha reservation really from Maharashtra India shown here?
@veritasium Did the study include people that answered "apolitical" or something else? Can you please present/discuss that dataset? I think it'll be interesting to know the whole picture rather than the 2 "opposing" majorities.
Also, where did you find conservative republicans with high numeracy score? They don't exist 😊
Is it crazy that I had an intuition this video was about politics from the moment the chart came out.
The gun control example was not the same as the cream example, the experiment (cream, gun control) and control groups (no cream, guns legal) swapped numbers/placements on the chart. It is misleading that the crossed out item is in the same place, but across the 2 questions the crossed out item is not the control group in both cases. Was this taken into account when looking at the responses from people on the street?
3:39 In the "reversed" case, were the numbers reversed or were the titles at the top? Because improvement sitting on the right side feels messed up, can't see proportions this way... and I suspect that I'm not alone with this and this might actually explain some of the results that I guess you're about to say..
Still seemed like republicans got it wrong more where the split in data even?
When asking the question you never clarified how many people were in each group
"Avoid buzz words like climate change" Oh so treat them like toddlers who can't deal with reality?
Do you know, what this data "Dan Kahans TEDx-Talk" [07:55]  really shows?  However good a person is with numbers, Conservative Republicans are more likely to make the wrong decisions in life.  Having all the data but still making the wrong decision or having all the data and shosing to ignore them so that it does not stand their wrong decision in the way, is the definition of stupidity.
So is this true or is this another one of those psychology things where a study is completely irreproducible?
Wait I got the first one right, am I dumb?
That's just a bad study why are the groups un even?
I really did not expect that correlation between actively open-minded thinking and polarizattion really surprised me. Is the actively open-minded thinking evaluated with a skill test or self-evaluation?
I think it's very important how you phrase the question. "Based on these numbers did gun control increase crime or decrease crime?" is very different from just showing the numbers and then asking if gun control is effective. You can agree that the data leads you to a certain conclusion but still disagree with the methods with which the data was gathered or presented.
It seems like a forced deck as far as the question is proposed as if they infinite answers. Like get a computer to do it and swear to me that the results are true it’s obviously a trick question. Give me the answer and I’ll tell you when I’m with or… or does the control group get a rash a few years later while the cream group doesn’t?! Long term study mentioned proper nomenclature and showing of the numbers isobsfucation
In the first example the "smart" response was to look for the biggest number? What? Why do you do this to your videos?
0:48 right away I’m asking why they did different nums of people for each one?  For the lower group we have 107/21 vs 223/75 w/cream. The without cream ratio is better. But maybe what needs to be looked into is just not using it for people that are allergic to it to some degree
Well, what about people whose rashes didn't change at all?
Starve a cold? Feed a rash?
Hi veritasium, just a question from a like minded individual. Can you study your (and mine) symptomes? Mainly one eye is way better than the other eye. Is that just a high IQ people trait or it's just human condition? Asking for a friend with 200 iq
Haven't even gotten to the answer for the first question, but my reasoning is that 75 out of 223 is a larger percentage than 21 out of 107, so the cream made it worse for the rash.
Wait, are you NOT American?
So to take numbers at face value and eliminate personal biases and/or bigotry, people must not know what it is that they’re judging?
So they made it political, but is the test truly political? Or is it simply testing a group of people's, with the same idealogy, ability to interpret information that's contrary to assumptions / expected results.  There is a fantastic book, of which I've forgotten the title, but it describes how military leaders might interpret information in three categories. Categories A, B, and C. When presented with information that doesn't match expection, those in Category A accept the information as true and accurate. Those in Category B doubt the validity of the information and seek more information to verify. And those in Category C out right reject the information, refusing to acknowledge what doesn't match their preconceived notions.  I think this experiment dipped into this more so than revealing anything about either political party.
The skin rash question is just a bad way to present the data. Are we to believe that no people showed no difference, that is they didn’t get better or worse? I can’t tell if that number is zero or just isn’t reported. What we need to know is the proportion of people who improve, and not reporting that is either intentionally misleading or a stupid oversight.
Crime? What kind?  Be specific. Gun control has no effect on DUI or bank robberies. In neither case do you need a gun to commit those crimes.
I have once again been ensured that my general disgust with politics is probably a good thing to have.. My brain physically hurts rn trying to come up with an answer to the question: "Why would someone not use math to answer a math question...?"
How is the first question something you get wrong if you are smart? I would think you have to be a little bit smarter to understand it than just look at the bigger number? The only thing this video shows is that in America people dont care about statistics and facts.. If they have a opinion about something, they will always find a way to make their opinion the right one, nothing new  The question has nothing to do with intelligence, it just shows that if you have a strong political opinion, you are probably not that intelligence and i thought everyone already knew that 🤣
Did anyone else find the crime question harder to comprehend?  The cream one was pretty straight forward but something about the way the gun question was presented made it difficult to understand what each box represented.
Since I'm a loner does that mean I'm more open minded?
So what about it D? You like guns and v8s or no?
Proportional representation? Ranked choice voting? Non-partisan primaries? Would it threaten your preconceived notions if I showed you evidence that polarization is much lower with mathematically superior forms of democracy?
So to compromise with the right, we have to wait until the sea level rises before we address the core issue? We have to wait until enough people suffer to address gun violence? We have to compromise with short sighted people to enact policies supported by evidence?
Am i the only one hearing eternum music?
What's the data show? Whatever you want
Me? Wrong? Oh shutup! 😉
00:54 for which person?
On the other hand, the question regarding firearms seems somewhat controversial. I live in Spain, and my first thought was, what is the baseline? If the answer assumes firearms are legal, cities where they remain legal give us a trend, whether positive or negative. However, cities that ban them only offer a snapshot, and we don’t know how this will evolve over time. Additionally, I would personally prefer to live in an area with a bit more crime but without firearms involved, as this would likely mean lower mortality rates. Overall, the study doesn’t entirely convince me, although it's true that fanaticism and group dynamics exert substantial pressure on an individual and their decision-making.
Average question for school children? Don't get how anyone, smart or thick, can get the answer wrong.
Yeah cool but why theres more people in group that used the cream than in the control group? Or maybe there is a third category in which rash remained the same hmmm?
Okay, and? What’s your point? Some things have proven metrics. You’re claiming both sides believe what they want to believe based on what they’re told. Well, no duh. The search for truth and enlightenment (veritas) is great until God opens your eyes… it’s really a battle of good vs evil, a spiritual battle.
8:50 You should ask academics this question instead. Economists will never take evidence that their model is wrong as proof their model is wrong, just that they need to adjust it a little. So why would people suddenly abandon an entire idea if one study found one thing which is contrary to their intuition?
I wonder if part of the reason is that people assumed a third number not presented, those who had no change.
isn't this some form of simpsons paradox?
Got the answer correct after checking the percentage of “Improvement : Deterioration” for both Cream and No Cream, so I am dumb? 💀
Trump-voters with a numeracy rating of 9 ? 😅
Man im confused, Are the no cream and cream group the same size? If thats the case the cream makes it better. Isnt the diffrenc ebetween the better and worse numbers the relevant thing? After the application in the cream group 148 feel better while in the no cream group only 86 feel better
so the test is not working well on non american?
Veritasium turning into a government / political tool now ?? :/ .
Researcher here: how can we academics avoid our biases with data?
3:05 why is the graph presented to the lady swapped compared to the graphic?
When smart people forget to normalise :) Re: First question. Side note: I would also probably have fallen for this as I wouldnt really be expecting a difficult question. Only after thinking about it would I get the right answer. And generally Ill follow my gut unless it actually matters.
but how many people were in the control groups? was it  equal? like 500 for both? if yes, then out of 500 people, 300 get better, 100 get worse and 100 stay the same for the group that used the cream. for the other group, 100 get better, 20 get worse BUT 380 still remain with their rashes. so knowing the probability of making the rash worse, I'd still choose the group that used the cream.
Is it just me to think that Google/ YouTube are flooding their services with too many ads?
Skin cream problem question doesn't give enough information.  How many people were sampled for each test? If 1000 people with rashes were given skin cream and 223 people rashes got better while 75 people rashes got worse... the cream is 22.3% effective at treating rashes. 7.5% of the people who took the cream had their symptoms get worse.  If 300 people are taking the cream and 223 rashes got better while 73 got worse... the cream is 77.6% effective at treating rashes. Of the people with rashes that took the cream, 24.3% of them got worse.  If you compare it to the control for 1000, rashes of 10.7% improved while 2.1% of them worsened. If the sample size is 300, then 35.6% improved while 7% worsened.  The numbers change ALOT depending on the sample size.  For example... If the sample size was 1,000,000... effect of both creams are negligible at best and the difference can just be attributed to standard deviation.  Also,  what about the people sampled? Are they people that tend to have rashes often?  How would you define the rash "improving"? Less rash = improvement? What if the cream causes half the rashes to go away but makes the other half more itchy? What kind of rash is it? Do they all have the same kind of rash? Couldn't there be variations on the type of rash in the control group vs the people with rash in the test group?  What region are these people taken from? What if the location that you place the lotion matters?  The question doesn't provide enough information. It is unanswerable.
You can send in the psych department after people got their hot-button issue wrong: how many people would see that they are wrong when pointed at their mistake? I would have loved to see if I fell for it myself.
Isn't concluding increased numeracy increases polarization a bit wrong? It seems that numeracy just doesn't matter for political issues.
what the hell is all this XAIsomthing comments?
Is this is a US-centric problem? I'm just curious why you only interviewed Americans for this (yes, I realise it's election time, but the question is still valid).
Where's the study where gun control leads to tyranny?
Whats with all the spam bots posting about "Xai760k"? So random
Believing something to fit in the tribe is rational!!!!!??????? Have you changed the definition of rationality to fit in your tribe? Calculation is not rationality!
Are all the comments mentioning "XAI760K" bot comments? I see 5 with 1000s of upvotes across them and they were all made at roughly the same time. This string of characters leads to a NFT website on Google search. Looks very sus to me.
What is the distribution of numerancy? Cause i see a dip around the middle, if the distribution is a bell curve, the most problematic people are the people with the biggest amount of representation
I have no tribe - now what do I blame for being stupid?
The issue is that I literally cant understand what the second table is supposed to mean. Is the number a count of cities or crimes? If its cities, is the default scenario that guns were allowed? In that case, how did crimes improve or worsen when there was no change? Is the study saying there were 300 cities that had no guns and just changed a law to allow them vs 130 cities that had guns and just changed a law to disallow them? Or  if its # of crimes, then what is an "improved crime"? It's not like saying "my skin cleared up", it would have to be some comparison of crime stats before and after a change in policy. Just a terribly written graph and unclear numbers. Of course nobody was able to use numeracy skills there.
So am I dumb because I saw the proportional reasoning before you pointed it out? I need to know. Is my life a lie?!
Forgive me if this is misunderstanding... Doesn't the cream both make it better for a population AND worse for another population? That data tells me that it's effective for some, but will worsen symptoms (have side effects) for others. So to my eyes, that data suggests that there are other factors at play that will determine whether the cream will help or hurt your situation, and would need further study to understand what people the rash cream will help, and what people it will hurt.
Wtf is with all these bots in the comments? Starting to believe the dead internet theory..
What do you do when the people collecting the data, present and report it in an inconsistent or misleading manner? People complain that Covid was made into a political issue, but how can it not be when the agencies in charge "fudge" the numbers and present faulty data?
I think bots are copying genuine comments from people, inserting their target keyword X......K and upvoting each other? What kind of manipulation is this? It's so sloppy it looks deliberate.
What exacly does numeracy mean?
isnt the question wrong to begin with? When the Rash improves, you are actually saying you get more rash?, but what you mean is your skin gets better and the rash decreases?
The skim cream question is poorly worded. The rash gets better for most people who use the cream and for most people who don't use the cream. So the cream makes the rash better than it was before. But an even higher proportion of the people who did not use the skin cream saw their rash get better than it was before. So given the choice between cream or no cream, no cream is more likely to result in the rash getting better (even though either is likely to result in the rash getting better than it was before). Another possible interpretation of the question is "which treatment results in the better expected outcome?" There is not enough information to answer that question. Perhaps no cream makes 80% of the rashes slightly better and 20% of them much worse but cream makes 70% of them much better and 30% of them a little worse.
is this a bell curve episode?
Gun control is a weird example: What's the unit of analysis? How is this plausibly randomized?  It's no excuse to get the wrong conclusion, but being skeptical of the evidence is more valid in that context.
What if the first study was omitting data such as the number of times rashes neither improved or worsened. What if those numbers were much higher.
1:00 well is using the cream correlated with having a wirse case?
Proportional reasoning? I guess am not smart 🎉I 🤯
Do you dye your hair and/or beard? Thank You
what factors play a role in determining numeracy? demographic? socio-economic? Very curious
Dear @Veritasium - how was the study made in original research? Asking because as a sociologyst i know that environment matters. Maybe in private, not in front of their collegues they might answer differently. Just asking
How is "climate change" a loaded term or a buzzword ? This is wild.
Wait, so you're saying "smarter people" go "big number big" instead of ratio?
Confirmation bias and overconfidence in people who are slightly above average intelligence will cause them to answer questions incorrectly?? Who knew…
question why is proportional math has the correct answer and not the numeracy in the cream question?
Ok but what does this have to do with being smart?
Was the decision to send Mr. Wylie Overstreet, to the streets, intentional?
I got it right? Am I stupid?....whom am I fooling of course I am
I'm confused though. Was the question presented as a real world study? Why wouldn't it be treated like a question in an exam, where the context for it is just window dressing for a simple maths problem?
Why did you label it 'crime improved' and 'crime worsened'? That seems so much more ambiguous than 'increased' and 'decreased' wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
Why are you making a political video without mentioning it neither in the title nor in the thumbnail!?  I didn't want to watch any political videos until after the election!
• Was it clear to the interviewees that 'no change' wasn't a possibility for the cream? If there are potentially lots of people for whom the cream had no impact, then the significance of the numbers presented changes. use XAI760K while it is hot, helped me
Now what do you do about purposefully tainted, fabricated, obfuscated, misleading, and cherry picked data? People like to believe that the "numbers" are always indisputable but they are subject often by the bias that existed before the data was even collected. Sometimes this happens because the studies are determined without acknowledgment or consideration for the bias, other times the bias is exactly what they intend the study/numbers to confirm and as such are flawed because of the desire to confirm the bias regardless of what the "empirical" data shows. As such just as important as the data should be from each study, so is the background, funding, association, political leaning, outside motivations, financial situations, honesty, and integrity of every entity involved in the study should also be of equal or even greater importance. In the end it is very difficult if even possible for data to be as accurate as most people want to believe it is.
The question is if I should be proud of answering the questions correct or not 😂 wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
Wait, so why does numeracy worsen the correctness? I'd understand a more flat curve where a person agrees with the wrong result, but I don't see why it starts to lower with higher numeracy.
why say american here @00:11, I thought the adjective will somehow affect the logic in the video, but in the end it was extra. so why did you use it?
2 Is there a missing group of 'No change'? have an eye on XAI760K this is an absolute king
5:27 I can identify five out of weight city shadows (Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, & Louisville.)  anyone any idea about the remaining ones?
I wonder where high numeracy moderates fit
Just wondering: Out of 5 white charts appearing from 07:55 onwards 4 of them suggests that the blue team achieves higher scores. Let me guess: You're gonna allege that is just "coincidence", right? Why didn't you show both charts side by side to prove your point?
Question:  Did the Skin Cream make the rash better or worse?   My initial gut reaction answer was worse. And then I think it’s inconclusive and more information is needed.    I initially thought about the percentages. The cream had a higher chance of making a rash worse than improving. The  But then  After thinking about it for a little bit more. I think the issue is the question in general.   There isn’t enough information. To answer the board question. What types of rashes?  The cream appeared to help more in general.  Overall I’d say I’d need more information.   One minute in. Now to watch the rest of the video.  Edit: haha I was overthinking it.  Wow very interesting. This is great information to be aware of. So I can help fight my own biases when viewing and analyzing data.  I remember reading that when confronted with things that don’t align with our pre established beliefs we experience cognitive dissonance. Which can increase cortisol levels, which in turn lowers cognitive thinking. I believe emotional regulation is an important skill that needs more focus in our education.   In my observations  I’ve noticed phrasing and how you communicate an idea can radically change how much a person of a political party can agree with something if said a different way. Man I wish I could work less and go to school more. I wanna write and conduct sociology and or political science experiments.
i got the first one right, am i dumb?
11:43 how do they measure this "science curiosity" ?
so where are "These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse"?
The question is probably "would Veritasium change the title of their video for the 3rd time to squeeze the views from their subscribers?"   I bet you dont know the answer to this one
What do you specifically mean by "smarter" because there are many different kinds, do you mean more intelligent as in more knowledge or maybe better reasoning skills or a faster learner?
God dayum, I absolutely aced these questions. Got anything harder?
@Veritasium, how did you calculate the numeracy score for the people you questioned on the streets?
well of course people wont change their entire beliefs based on a single study from an unknown source. and thats a good thing. i feel like the question left too much space for interpretation. it isnt as clear cut as it is made out to be here. "crime improved" and "crime worsened" are too vague. what kind of crime? is the average increase the same as the average decrease? what other contributing factors were there? the reason why this wasnt really critically assessed in the skin cream question is that a) people are used to manipulation and fabrication for political topics and are thus more wary and b) people have already formed an opinion based on previous experience with the topic, while nobody is personally familiar with the skin cream.
How many people was in the control group AND experimental in total??that is how we should proportional reason
There's a disconnect between the numeracy score/skill in this video. Did people interviewed on the streets have their numeracy score measured? I'm not saying the study done by Dan Kahan but tho ones that's done by Wylie.
So confirmation bias is more prevalent and stronger in people with a higher mental capacity?
Your American  friend  Wylie ?
isnt that just confirmation bias?
7:10 This clearly isn't the "exact same" question, it's it? The skin studies was a clinical trial, while the cities were framed as an observational study, giving smart people the chance to come up with lots of *totally legitimate* alternative hypotheses. The "right answer" in interpreting that data is a lot less clear.
Am I weird for not believing in anything? I just find believing without solid evidence and a path towards testing theories with solid scientific principles a waist of time and mental effort.
My first question would be why the number of testers for creams and no creams was different.  Honestly from the way the question was designed "Did the cream make the rash better?" I excluded the non cream group and only looked at the resutls of the cream group. I think there is many right answers until you form a more precise question
2:48 Leslie Lamport ? The Man Who Revolutionized Computer Science With Math.
What i learnt from this video was that Americans (and perhaps everyone) try to approach everything without involving mathematics.  When I first saw the question, my initial reaction was, "wait, what are these numbers in percentage?" This makes the answer quite obvious and simple, or at least empirical.
What’s the point ?
... Interesting.  So in effect this study highlights that there is a hierarchy in types of rationality?
Wouldn't someone being more science curious eventually lead to them being more science intelligent which then leads to people being more polarized?
Am I absolutely crazy to think it's hilarious to see someone in a Maga hat talking about how they would have to believe any evidence that they saw that was good evidence? This is the same group of people that whenever they find evidence that doesn't agree with their position, they claim a global conspiracy
was this series of experiments ever conducted outside of the US?
"Left or right arm?"
How do we fix the issue? The Experiment gave the answer. Try to be as unpolitical and abstract as possible and build your opninion on the abstract rather than the direct emotinally loaded subject.
sooo, it's a bias check study ?
So, if a person has a strong bias, that bias will affect their interpretation of data? Whooda thunk it!?
Is it just me or did the guy on the thumbnail look like Wil Wheaton?
Why is Dereck asking his young self the quuestion?
Why does the exp. not consider if the patients' rash stayed neutral? (neither improved nor worsened)  Rash is something that can get better or stay the same or get worse over time.
Ok but after watching this video I did concede my long held position that i am rationally thinking person right? So if I accepted evidence from this video and changed my opinion about me being a rational person..... That should practically make me a rational person right? Or does thinking that make me an irrational person once again?
What amount of liberal people didn't answer the question opposing their beliefs at all and asked to see the data instead
This is not fair at all and I am a bit peeved how this is presented as a political issue. Cream example is an isolated example where the participant can think of the problem as isolated mathematical case separate from the real world. Gun control in cities meanwhile has so many nuances and is connected to everything around it. If you rephrased the cream question to "x cities told people to apply this cream to it's citizens" and "x cities told people to not apply any cream at all" you might start seeing some doubt as now the problem is bigger than just a handful of folk doing a study. Do people sell the cream? Forge a resistance to repel council officials from applying cream on them forcefully? Do other creams muddy the waters? This gap in logic is that they no longer think as mathematicians, but as economists when dealing with the issue. I am sure politics plays a huge role too, but it's not logical to me to jump to such conclusions.
People of average intelligence are less likely to change their assumptions if presented with contrary data?
With the skin cream question my gut reaction was to treat it like a question on a test/the exam in the experimental design in environmental science course I took last year, where among other things we had to identify issues/weaknesses of hypothetical studies.  Yeah this one group shows a higher proportion of people with worse symptoms than the other, but why aren’t the experimental group and control group the same size? How were people selected to begin with? You said a rash, but didn’t specify if it’s from the same condition, so is it the same condition in all individuals? Did you control for environmental factors or pre existing conditions like allergies that could affect the prevalence/severity of the rash?  Was the control group using any other kind of cream to manage it prior to using none during the study? Why isn’t there a placebo group?  Is this a pilot study/the first study on the treatment? If not how does it compare to other studies and is there a meta analysis in them? Do the authors have any relevant biases/what are their biases? (I.E. If the skin cream company is funding them they may either consciously or unconsciously manipulate the study or results).  I know it’s not the point of the question and overall video, but not looking into the methodology, biases, etc is how you get stuff like Wakefield’s infamous MMR vaccine study
Another clickbait title?
How would you talk about gun control, without calling it gun control?
OMG, how come people don’t get it?
So smart people don't know how to do fractions? I don't think all smart people miss it.
Smarter people get it wrong? I knew I was the chosen one after I failed in 3rd grade
What matters here is that they need to know the gun control results are fiction for the sake of the test.
Would have been interesting to see data on people claiming to be independent
But how did it affect the quality of which patients' conditions get better when apply cream? did people get cured vs improved? how did the nature of gun related violence change. did encounters become more or less lethal?
When I saw the table, before assessing the results, first question in my head was “what’s the sample size?” I would now want to know what’s the distribution of numeracy levels within the general population, and if my original question is commie or not.
Did anyone notice Wylie's surname is literally overstreet  who goes over street for research?
so equating correlation with causation is the correct way to think about this table? interesting hidden bs-premise...
3:03 says 223 people have their rashes worsened, 1:33 says 223 people have their rashes improved. I don't get it, is this a mistake?
Is gun control the same as a placebo?  Guns are still present, and you can't really assume a baseline.
4:32 how do people in all samples get it right only ~30% of the time at numeracy 0? Since there are opposite results any voting pattern (unless intelligently bad) would yield any average of 50% at worst no?
I'm so confused. Do I need to shoot my rash or not?
The first question is an invalid one: “Did the cream make the rash better or worse?”.  The answer is “both”. It made 223 cases better, and 75 cases worse.  If you want a different answer, you have to ask a different question, like: “Is using the cream more likely to improve the rash, vs not using the cream.”  This is one of those cases where, I think, asking the question differently would prompt people to think about it differently, changing how people answer.
and what of the actual free thinkers who can see more than 2 sides?  perhaps the Libertarian who is so tired of people assuming you  are either one or the other?  geez
Just change the question: 1, Do you enjoy that 3 times a week someone got shot in your neighborhood? 2, Do you enjoy rebuilding your house (and loosing all of your sentimental values) because of tornado/flood/fire every 2-3 years? 3, Do you like arrested by police without reason? No? Well, here is our plans, how to fix that: a, increase police present / deal with gun ownership b, deal with climate change (multi choice answer) c, increase mandatory police training from the abysmal 760 hours to 2000 - 2500 hours.
Those are scientifically bad numbers! I would question the method and group size! For the skin cream... What is the reason for the rash? How much people from which age group? Why is it, and dose it matter that the groups are different sizes? For the city/gun question.. Are there more city's where gun laws stayed the same and vise versa? Is that difference in group size dependent on a filter like size of the city? Are those city's equally spaced over the country and how compared to population density?   Without those background informations, and assuming the group size difference doesn't matter, it's depending on the direction! Improved/worsened  223/75 worse 107/21 better  Worsened/improved 223/75 better 107/21 worse  That's it! But then asking this in the most dumb country in the world is another scientific endeavor on its own! 🤣 Nearly every answer was more or less stupid! No one got the right conclusion for the given framework! Only difference was that people care  less about skin rash then gun law's in the US! That's my conclusion.
Wait wait wait... Studies that do not include Neutral genders ?! Ballsy move
WHY IS THERE A SHOT OF mARATHA MORCHA IN THIS VIDEO 9:28
Why did it turn into us election video
MAybe the tribe effect could be a secondary effect of being in a cult?
People being unable to look objectively at data and conclude based on the presented data is actually scary. Are most people just NPCs? Am I one of them even tho I don't think so?
…. How many people were in each group?   How many people saw no differences?   Were there any extraneous variables?   How many  participants could not complete the experiment?
Aren't people with higher numeracy more likely to have opinions formed from previously investigating data on the most hot-button topics?  How do you control for that in this experiment?
how did the guy make a video about politics without being political
Werent there supposed to be more videos about thermite?
What is the percentage of Democrats and Republicans on your channel? could you make a pool?
I don't understand how showing people admittedly fake data helps this problem of epistemic faith?
It's just calculating ratios?
6:04 Why did you label it "crime improved" and "crime worsened"? That seems so much more ambiguous than "increased" and "decreased"
Smart people doing worse? Finally, my moment to shine!
Do this same study except use a religious belief. People "selectively apply [religious beliefs] to justify the conclusion they already believed before hand." The only remaining question is that a stronger emotional force then political views.
I am the only one who saw the thumbnail and thought Benedict Cumberbatch was answering a survey?
Did you ask these partisan questions on rallys? If so, no surprise, they will be biased.
I'm thinking what if they asked real researchers, are they also biased?
I'm confused how the Veritasium-cited study on numerousy could guarentee that they were measuring numerousy. I mean, isn't this more of a craft of science question than a pure fractions question? Were people who asked about how the fictitious the gun-control/skin-cream studies were controlled filtered out? Like, crime can depend on a million things aside from gun-control, it'd be so much harder to control for other factors compared to the skin cream.
I wonder what the results would be in a different country, where political issues are not so polarized, not so blue/red. The USA is rather... special when it comes to politics.
Am i stupid for getting it wromg?
Does crime worsened with a green arrow mean the act of perpetrating crime increased and became worse? Or the act of perpetrating crime became worse, and crime decreased? The question inherently confuses the frequency of an action and the outcome of an action. Compared to the skincare question, it's a badly worded question.
My brain reading the question and thinking.. “if the rash got “better,”wouldnt that mean the rash increased in size?
10:12 Why is that scary though? If both sides talk amongst each other in the same way, isn't that just evidence that we are not so different and are just as capable of talking between parties in the same way?
@veritasium have this experiment been done with autistic participants ? My guess is that we are more likely to analyze the data and base our conclusions on that rather than what our "tribe" thinks. Because that's how we live our daily lives
1:33 I felt so off with this and I even got the question right. thinking about it more. what percentage of people thought both groups where equal in number?
am i dumb for getting the first question right?....
I love this stuff. How might this affect truth, misinformation and, disinformation in News?
Question: how do you put an elephant into a refrigerator?
Why is climate change political?
A nationally diverse group of Americans?
How did you measure the participants numeracy? I feel it would be difficult to test them when you interview them on the street.
I feel like the skin cream experiment lacks something, maybe total nr of participants? There was higher probability of improvement vs worsening, but it was still beneficial for smaller number of people so doesn't it depend whether you value safety or effectiveness? Like high risk-high reward vs low risk-low reward, which is better?  If the numbers were 80%/10% vs 8%/0.5% which would be better then? I'd say the latter is more or less useless for most people so is it really better? I don't think "better" is defined by the ratio but rather is subjective and depends on your values and needs and in that case there wouldn't be an objectively "right" or "wrong" answer. Maybe I'm missing something so if anyone can correct me I would appreciate it :)
what is "science comprehension" anyway? lol
Can you tell us more about the sampling of people, I believe you only took american?
why change it to improved and worsened?
When asked about guns, people are just using the opportunity to express themselves, who really cares if the answers are right or wrong?
Victory... But at what cost?
so this is basically a reversed dunning-kruger effect?
9:29 is that maratha rally?
But if someone was making a article of such a topic Then the less of those "buzzwords/Triggerword" and "making one side seem evil language" The less the views the person will get?  Im not saying the government has any incentive for views but just a idea
I think the correct question is "Did the X made it better or worse ACCORDING TO THIS STUDY?"
Table with crimes doesn't make sense to me anymore. What numbers mean there? What 21 crimes worsened means. In previous one you just add 107 and 21 and you get 128 people who didn't use skin care. What 128 means in new table? Total crimes where guns are legal? And 21 of these crime are worse than what?
I dont like the gun example, because there was a prior state to the example either the city had gun laws or no gun laws,  actually that example makes no sense. Crime worsened what does that mean? Were there more crimes in total? were there more deaths? were there more gun related crimes? I can see how people with difrent political views would interpret 240 cities crime worsened differently completely unrelated to math reasoning and just related to how the problem is worded.
"Am I Smart because I'm dumb or am I dumb because I'm smart?"
Are there some people for whom the skin cream neither makes it better or worse and it just stays the same?
i was right. am i dumb?
Is his hair blue in the thumbnail?
"Both sides bad"  Are we forgetting what the two sides are? One is satus quo and the other is project 2025. Yes both are "bad" but one is objectively worse.
Me looking at the rash numbers and wondering 1 Why didn't they use the same number of participants for each group? 2 Is there a missing group of "No change"?
I don't like how the questions are asked. Honestly I am very skeptical when it comes to questioners. I thing it is very easy to get them wrong. Maybe you could make a video on how good of a tool questioners are?
WTF is this idiotic comma?
How about having more than two political parties? Would that reduce the tribalism and make it easier for people to solve these types of problems?
Another type of question where people will answer by gut instead of rational thinking would've been "Do god exist ?"
Bro if you look at the math I got it right, I didn't guess. How could a "smart" person do it and get it wrong? Seems like a skill issue
it seem a bit bogus to expect people to change opinion presented on such bad study display, i mean it look like a school test question, but for it to be a data value that would be considered in my opinion, i need to know, how the delta crime was mesured, reported or convicted?, crime, violent or none violent? i need to know the sampling of the city, and if other factor that could have more impact then gun control were isolated of not, etc.
hmm but do we also avoid terms like "war crimes", "genocide", and "ethnic cleansing"?
Any studies suggesting that our Sun is getting warmer rather than the Earth getting warmer because of Man? The smarter you are...
I really like this video, but I feel there is one bit of nuance not discussed; How often do each party present real facts? Could Democrat propensity to present true facts lead the people that ascribe to the political ideology to trust in their policies more? I really feel like this whole idea is only scratching the surface on both sides and I'd love to see some effort put into digging a little deeper.
I don't think it's reasonable to say that the gun control question is exactly the same as the rash question:   When a fictional study is talking about a rash, "better" or "worse" can just be summed up with "did the rash cover more area or less?".  But when a fictional study is talking about crime "getting worse" or "getting better", the concepts get very murky.  If there's one fewer murder, but ten more instances of petty shoplifting, does that mean it "got worse" because the total count of crimes increased?    We can tell people to just look at the numbers, but we can't realistically expect people to completely shut off their ability to reason in order to answer a hypothetical.
wait so was the rash worse? the ratio is obviously worse and that was my first instinct
I wonder if this would result in the same outcome if it was done with lonely and secluded people. A part that kinda stuck with me was, people are afraid of change and thus be isolated by their groups, but what about people who do not have a group?
But... isn't this just verification bias? Sounds to me like it and I can not make out a difference. Edit after watching until end: So you don't say it, but the implication of forming our believes emotional and finding patterns in data that suite our believes is verification bias.
Where is Brilliant?
How does that video fit in with my existing ideology ? Should I believe it ?  Am I overthinking it ?
Has anyone done a study on how removing the 👎 count on YouTube has affected engagement?  (not that I disliked this video, it was great!)
The gun control argument is an odd one to use because it is not a statistics question, it is a moral one: "Do you have the right to use tools to defend yourself and your family if those tools can also be used for harm?"
How did he pin the commet is 55 minutes ago but video is upload 10 minutes ago?
Wouldnt this be a case of confirmation bias? I think this video is very insightfull on that regard since sicientits ( staticians, biologists, physicists, etc) should always be aware of their own biases, even the more unconscious ones, great video! Greetings from Argentina
Why are these studies only concentrated in America and then generalised for the whole world.
Sure we believe what we believe bc we wanna fit in and that is logical, but many a times we just don't, is that because we want to feel special and be separated from the others? And if yes, By how much? Is that logical?
Why so serious.. brother..
The data shown in this video seems based purely on Americans while I don't really hear that being nuanced (and my lazy ass isn't going to fully check the source). Is this another American aimed video without it being explicitly said or am I misinterpreting the data?
"What's the rash? And what's the cream you're givin me?" That is a lady firmly planted in the real world. No nonsense
How would the time allowed to come up with an answer change the results ?
Crime improved means crime increase and crime worse means less crime?
A bat and a ball together cost 1.10, the bat costs 1.00 more then the ball, how much did the ball cost?
So was this understandable or confusing?
if you understand it, do you think its possibly true?
Do you have any questions?    If you have any tips I am would gladly listen.
Smart people doing worse? Finally, my moment to shine!
So if I answer these wrong on purpose, am I smart or am I dumb?
Rash improve means rash becomes worse? And rash becomes worse means it improved? Think about the wordings ....
6:04 Why did you label it "crime improved" and "crime worsened"? That seems so much more ambiguous than "increased" and "decreased"
Question 1: Theres basically no improvement. The relationship between the two numbers is about 30%. (After watching your answer. Well. My results where 25% and 33% and i saw them as basically equals, not as 2x and 5x.)  Now i dont know if im smart or not.  Maybe im just sigma(?
People tend to make decisions based on personal biases before looking at the data…  How is this new?
Is a "better" rash more of a rash?
I thought from the rash's perspective, as an improvement would mean a larger rash.   Which group am I in? 🤷   edit typo
I got everything wrong. Does that make me smart or dumb?
I got everything right. Does that make me smart or dumb?
got it right, does that mean i am dumb?
Why are there a lot of bots commenting here @veritasium
So I'm stupid because I answered the question correctly? Great, thanks
Face reveal when?
I want to ask some questions, how can I contact you?