I like mint kombucha. Can you use mint tea bags or do you have to start all kombucha with black tea?
Does anyone know if any type of tea can be used? Something that doesn't have caffeine in it like black tea
What can you do if your story gets to vinegary?
When you add the flavour, are you letting it ferment for a few days too, or are you just adding flavour and drinking it right away?
Wonderful preparation!But how do you prepare SCOBY?
Can you use other teas instead of black tea?
Can the scoby be made without the store bought kombucha?
do you drink it undiluted?
Does it get bubbly on its own? Like you buy in the store? I always bought the store bought was carbonated to make it fizzy/bubbly?
Great video, thanks for all the tips! I'm trying to make kombucha myself, I grew the Scoby using GT's original, but when I put it in the new jar it doesn't float, it went down like 1 inch from the bottom. Now after 6 days it looks like a new Scoby is growing on the top. Is that ok?
Can I use flavoured Kombucha to make Scoby?
A quick question, I made peach and mango kombucha for the second ferment. They made Scoby's!! Are those any good and is that normal?
do you have to use black tea? or can you use any tea...
Hi there ..After you put the scooby in the 2nd batch of tea do you put in the fridge ? Or keep in the counter pantry?
how do you keep Kombucha constantly going? Do you re use the scoby? New to this... thank you
Hello I just got a scooby hotel from a friend and am wondering if I need to keep the lid open or closed. Can I make starter tea with this ? I am a newbie
can kids drink this?
once the kombucha is ready, you take out the scooby and bottle the liquid ? but what with the scooby? just make a new batch ? so take out the scooby and remake tea , sugar , ... or can i leave the scooby in the fridge for when i want to reuse it? celinevanaerde@gmail.com
Can you use a green tea instead of black tea?
One question here to the experts Kambucha brewers!! If I  can only get GTS's organic and Raw Flavored Kambucha or Kevitas brand does it matter if this drinks also contain other flavors or it has to be the original Kambucha flavor with any other juices or spices? Also she never really showed if she used the whole bottle or half of it?
love this. I have a few questions after the kombucha is ready, should I put all the big jar in the fridge or I must leave it on the counter? How long does it take to expire if i let it on the counter in the big jar? And in the fridge?  days, weeks, months?  can it be in contact with daylight? I'm sorry all of this questions but I find that you know a lot about natural food, and for me is a new world.thank you very much
What type of black tea would you recommend for kombucha making? There are so many to choose from and I want to use the very best for health and beauty. Thanks in advance!
How does the carbonation stay in the liquid if you don't use a solid lid? Won't it just depressurize as it develops?
Anyone else thinking of Jessie?
I wonder how to make a Scoby without buying a store bought drink or a pre grown culture?
Great video, but I have a question... can I reuse my scoby for the next batch, or do I have to start all over again? I love Kombucha tea, but unless I can reuse or make a gigantic batch for bottling, I can see myself in a constant cycle. BTW: You are an incredibly beautiful woman.
Could I save the starter tea for later use?
Is unflavoured kombucha the same as raw kombucha? Can I make  Scoby with this?
I can’t find black tea kombucha. Could I use flavored from the store?
What happens if you only have a flavored bottle of kombucha? Will it still make the scoby?
I don't eat sugar, is there any alternative or I must use sugar to make kombucha?
Hi there! So I just developed my SCOBY and my first batch is fermenting :) I am now left with a lot of starter tea. I actually love the taste of it since it’s similar to apple cider vinegar. Does it have the same benefits or is it more potent than regular kombucha? :) thanks!
Can i reuse the scoby?
Is this even healthy it looks like a huge mold mushroom 🍄
After you bottle your kombucha what do you do with the scoby?
Hi Sarah !!! <3 how many time its necessary to let the kombucha before drinking them ? :)
Do you just drink the whole thing as it is in the final batch? No filters nothing right?
My scoby is moving. Is that normal?
Can't you just buy the $3 tea box?
when we make the scoby should we dump the liquid? or use it as a starter for  the actual kombucha ?
Wait.. so if I can’t fine the raw kambucha, I need to buy a dehydrated scoby?
Trying it today!! Wish me luck. What roll does the caffeine play in the kombucha making process? Can I use a herbal tea? I'll be using black tea with cardamom. So I'm just asking out of curiosity.
So is the final kombucha al alcoholic beverage?
why does it have to be organic? if its organic, i aint buying it. and if it has no gluten, i aint eating it.
Your so beautiful!  Question, have you made it without tea and just juice? Would that make a wine?
Where do you let this sit while you’re waiting for it to grow? In shade, in the sun?
So use store bought kombucha to make homemade kombucha?
When drinking the final result, do you get the caffeine out of the drink still? Thank you
If my scoby becomes slanted and another scoby grows on top, when the kombucha is ready and I need to transfer the scoby to another batch what do I do with the original scoby?
Is the scoby come from organic apple cider vinagre? Or a type of scoby.....
I wonder what kombucha taste like and why everyone is going crazy over it. This video made the process seem simple. I'll try it out
Can i use coconut sugar honey or stevia instead? white sugar has been banned from our house for years :/
How do you store your scoby until the next use?
I've tried and loved kombucha (just recently started popping up in stores in my area). I want to start making my own, but don't really want to use caffeinated teas as my body isn't a huge fan of excess caffeine. Are there herbal tea alternatives that I can use to make my own kombucha or is there a certain science behind what the SCOBY does to caffeine in the black tea that means I don't really need to worry about it? Any help would be great! Thanks!
Hi! I was wondering if I should refrigerate the vinegary starter batch that you said was nice for salad dressings and/or a hair rinse? Also if I wanted to brew another batch do I just take a cup of my kombucha with the scoby and repeat the process or do I have to make another starter batch? Thanks so much!
Can you please provide link from where we can buy(Amazon, iHerb or any US based store) raw kombucha for scoby preperation?
Is it possible to use white tea rather than black tea?
Aren't SCOBY's like bacteria and yeast???...
Where can I find the raw Kombucha or the dehydrated scoby?
why do you need to add starter solution to your batch? To speed it up?
Can we use honey or coconut sugar instead and where do we store it cool dark place?
I received a scoby from a friend and made my first batch of tea!  It is now 10 days, but there is not yet a scoby formed on top.  Does it always form a scoby?  Do I have to wait n bit longer?
Does it matter if the scoby sinks to the bottom?
why is it necessary to add sugar? sugar is not healthy
This is a great video!  Very helpful and informative!  I do have a question, though.  What do you do with the scoby, if you don't want to brew another batch, right away?  Is it possible to store it, in the freezer, for example?  Also, does it keep growing with each batch of kombucha?  To get a scoby from a friend, or give one to a friend, would I just need to cut a piece off a fully grown scoby, or should it be handled differently?  Ok, I had more than one question, but you did answer several of the questions I had before, in your video! :)
What does a Scooby Doo...? 😂😭😂😭
I thought kambucha was made outs of mushroom tea???
How do you store the scoby?
Is store bought kombucha on a bottle fresh? It has all the ingredients except the scoby. Black tea, raw sugar, kombucha culture, filtered water. Is that what you mean by fresh?
i am living in mozambique and do not have a way to get KOMBUCHA to make my scoby ... any other way ?
does it have to be black tea? can I make Itwith chai?
Is snyenery kombucha good too?
How can I tell when it is ready to drink?
Since the scoby called mushroom, is it edible? If yes, how to cook it? Thanks!
Does your kombutcha grow a thin scoby? I followed all directions including making my own scoby. Tomorrow it will be day seven and I have a thin scoby forming at the top. Should it be thicker? Is it supposed to be there. Can you please let me know. I've been patiently waiting for a month now and hoping everything went well. Thank you.
Great video!  Can i add sugar to taste (more sugar!) at the beginning of the kombucha making process?  Or should i add more to taste after brewing?
Oh no... I thought it was 1 cup sugar for making the scoby but it's actually 1/3 cup!! Will this affect my scoby?? Help please!!
Does anyone know if I can use GT's organic and raw gingerade for the "raw" portion? I can not find just the blue labeled raw Kombucha.
Can you reuse the scoby? Or is it better to start from scratch every time?
raw kumbucha like regular or just any that haven't been processed?
I tried this a couple months ago, but my kombucha never got fizzy enough. What am I doing wrong? When, exactly, does the kombucha get fizzy? Please help!
What do you do with the leftover starter liquid while you're using the scoby to make your first ferment?
I'm new to this...Can someone explain the sugar part?
HI Sara!! :)  Thank you for this video!! I really like the idea of making my own scoby! :)  Wondering.... how do you store the scoby, in case you want to take a break from making another batch of kombucha? Second question, once the kombucha is made, how long is it safe to store in the fridge?
Does anyone know where I can buy the bottle of Organic Raw Kombucha in the UK?
can you use a tea other than black tea?
Probably a dumb question but, I learned that tea can grow it's own bad bacteria after 8 hours if not refrigerated and after 24 hours when refridgerated after a really bad food poisoning incident with some oolong tea. And I've even had a glass of herbal tea I forgot about for 3 days actually grow mold and gunk in it (not related to the food poisoning incident lol). So, does the scoby or probiotics keep the bacteria that may be harmful from actually ever growing while it's fermenting? I want to make this so bad because I hear of all the wonderful benefits and want to heal my gut via natural probiotics, because it seems like my health is declining (constant heart burn and chest pains, anxiety, extreme bloating after meals, face is breaking out HORRIBLY and face is itchy at times, random persistent small rash that comes in for a month or 2 on neck stomach or shoulder, then disappears and pops up in another place) instead of popping a probiotic pill, but I'm scared I might make myself sick if I do something wrong in the fermenting process like not add enough scoby or too much.if that's possible. I hope there's no way to mess it up at all and no way it can grow bad bacteria. I imagine you couldn't taste the difference since it is fermented.
How is the kombucha flavored? Does it get its flavor from the black tea you use? Can you use black based tea with fruit to make it fruity?
Hi, I am so glad I found your videos. I would like to start making my own kombucha. My question is ~ how long it actually takes for a 1 gallon jar of kombucha to get ready to be consumed?
what if u got a scoby off of a friend, do u still need to have the previous kombucha tea or is it ok to just put the scoby in?
Does the fermentation produce alcohol?
I'm guessing you use a gallon sized mason jar, or is that a  64 oz?
Do I have to use "Black Tea" or any tea will do? ie. Green tea??  Please reply. Thanks for the video!
Thank you for the video...Can you reuse the scoby when completely finished?
how long does it take for kombucha to do a detxox
How do I store the kombucha after I finish brewing the kombucha?
Can you re-use the scoby or with each batch do you need to re-make it?
How much Kombucha is in the bottle that you add to make the starter? Great video. Thanks for sharing :-)
thank you for this! how big is the final jar you use for this? 1-2 gallons?  I only have space in my tiny apartment for 32oz jars, but I'm afraid of messing up the ratios by just cutting everything in thirds? do you think that would work? I've seen other recipes using 32oz jars, but i rather go with your recipe, given how delicious you find the drink :-)
Why does the starter tea from making the Scoby taste bad? It seems like the same exact process as making the Kombucha.
Can you use any kind of tea? I'm not a fan of black tea but I'm wondering if it would work with hibiscus tea? Also, can you get raw kombucha in  the us?
What doe do with the scoby after the kombucha has fermented and is drinkable? Can you put it back in the starter jar until you need it again?
My scoby looks healthy but when I made the batch of tea to make the kombucha it looks like the scoby is sitting at the bottom of the jar.  Is it dead or something?
how long does the SCOBY last and how do you store it?
Hello, I like  to know how to separated new baby scoby from mother one? Thank you so much.
what is a kombucha?
Do I have to use Black tea, or can it be green tea?
What exactly is scoby?
Thanks. This video is short and comprehensive. I wish I would have found this one first. One question though, what is a tea beg?
Is the Scooby dissolving in the kombucha or you can reuse it to do another 3 liters?
A scoby is not alive is it?
So when you say fizzy, do you mean carbonated-like?
Adding the ginger won't kill the bacteria?
i don't have a scoby. could i just use a placenta?
Can you refrigerate the kombucha once it ferments??
Do you have to add sugar? Also, does the finished Kombucha have caffeine in it?
Hi what do you do with the scoby after you make the tea? I am new to this and just received my first scoby. I put it in the frig until I get my jar and tea to make it is that ok? thanks for sharing
I love lavender!! How long does the buch stay good for?
can you use brown sugar instead of organic cane sugar?
how do you store the scoby for future use? x
Hello, I have a dumb question maybe...but in the last step...do I refrigerate the tea with the scoby or keep it out?..can I remove the scoby and refrigerate the tea?..I do like it cold  :/ thanks
Hi. Would you please let me know, how you use it as a hair rinse? Did you make your grapefruit , rosemary infuse? If yes,  how? Thanks a lot.
Is it possible to not use sugar? I don't eat processed sugars, only honey... will it work?
What are your thoughts on the high fluoride content in kombucha? That's the main reason I stopped drinking it.
Could I reuse the Scoby?
Where do you sit the kombucha while its fermenting? Like in a cool, dark place? On your counter top?? Its summer here and Im unsure if the room temp is an issue?
Do you have to use black tea? Can use green or a herb tea?
How long do you like to leave your kombucha to brew before bottling it?
Can I use Rooibos Tea instead of black tea?
Are there any other appealing alternatives that could be used as a substitute for the organic cane sugar?
What is that disgusting thing???
Does the jar need to be stored in the fridge or can it be left on a counter top?
hi Does this contain alcohol in it?  You say fermented, which makes me thing of alcohol
is the one bottle of kombucha unflavoured? Can I just get raw kombucha, whatever the flavour?
can you re-use the scoby over and over again? what if you can't re-use it immediately after finishing the kombucha brew? Would you put it in the fridge in a glass container?
Hi, I noticed you used tea bags with aluminum staples?  Im assuming this is not included in he "can't touch metal" part.
Do you put the mixture in the dark while it is growing or do you leave it out in the light?
To make it fizzy, does the bottle have to be sealed to build pressure, or does that occur anyways? What exactly are the bubbles? CO2?
I just put my scoby in the tea and am now wondering how I'll get the tea out without disrupting the scoby since my jar doesn't have a nozzle. .???
My Dutch Oma used to make this. Just wondering if I can also use herbal tea instead of black tea?
What do u do with the big kombucha after its done brewing in the second batch?
So after you make your first batch of kombucha, would you just save some to use on your next batch as starter tea?
hi, how long can you keep the baby scoby, and how do i store it? thanks you are so wonderful and sweet, very kind, love your vids
I really think this will benefit me.....but I'm allergic to caffeine, is there anything else I could use to make it?
please tell me how to save the scoby? how long can I keep them? do I leave out or in the fridge? your video is the best from all thethe others on youtube. Thanks!!!
Can anyone describe what natural & homemade Kombucha tastes like? :)
Where do you store the kombucha once it is fully made? The refrigerator? How long is it good for?
@holistichabits, is it okay to drink the first batch of fermented tea (the one I've grown the scoby in)?
While you are waiting for your scoby to grow, did you leave it out on a kitchen counter? Some vids on youtube say please in a warm, dark closet.
do you have to use black tea?
I don't drink tea with caffeine, would this work with a tea that doesn't have caffeine?
Would it work if I make it with green tea? and coconut sugar?
how long is the kombucha good for?
Thx, great video! Is it necessary to store the jar in a dark place when growing the new scoby?
Can you make a video on how to maintain the kombucha? :) Thank you!
Can you reuse the scoby?
What is it?
I tried making this recipe following your instructions, but after two weeks, still no scoby. I did a bit of research and it seems that after 2010 people can't really make kombucha using the store bought kind because it's a different formula and people have a difficulty growing the scoby that way. Do you know why your's worked and mine didn't? I would love help with this, thanks.
At any point do you have to refrigerate this?!
Is there anything I could use as a substitute for the cane sugar? Thanks :)
Hi I have a question, can you drink the kombucha after the first brewing or do you need to wait after the second brewing with the large batch and wait 2 more weeks which would be a total if 3-4 weeks to drink homemade kombucha?
Do you have to use black tea?
I notice your Scoby is not floating on top does that matter?
How long did it take you to grow the scoby that large? a month? two? Just wondering as I am currently in the process of growing my scoby.
Are you a vegan? You have beautiful skin!
Can you drink the kamboucha from your when you first make your scoby? Or do you have to discard that first batch?
Rooiboos? Really? Love that tea!
What if you get a scoby from someone else? What would you use in the kombucha in place of the starter liquid?
The prep of the kombucha always have to be with black tea??
Hi Your video is Great!! Im new to this, I have a question, I started to make my own scoby about a week ago i was just wondering, my kombucha does not look as smooth as yours is that okay? And a second thing, is it okay to gently sink the kombucha in the tea so it wont get dry? Thanks!!
What kind of environment do they need to be stored? Cool dark place? Dark and warm? In the kitchen? In the basement? Thanks
Can you use brown sugar?
Does anyone know if you can use green tea rather than black tea? I really dont like to drink caffeine and Ive read that black tea can be inflammatory.
ewww sorry but this looks extremely gross lolol where is this coming from? never heard of it before..
Is it possible to make it without the sugar?
hello, i have a question. I bought kombucha because of this video and drank a 16oz bottle. Is it common to feel bloated after drinking it? just curious.
Can you reuse the scoby?
crystal? like crystal meth?
While the scoby is being grown will it smell a bit funky? And where do you store the jar while this process is being done?
Can u do nail tutorial of nail care to help them grow and your hair care ? :D x
can you do a video on a manuka honey face mask?
what happens to the scoby once the Kombucha is ready to drink? can it be used again? thanks for the video - straight forward and clear : )
So then every time you make kombucha you transfer your drink to a bottle and put in it the fridge. then you start to make another batch in a sterilized jar. Is it important to save a cup or so of your finished product to add to the new batch?
Do you know if there is a place we can buy the scoby?
Does the finished Kombucha contain alchohol?
Do I have to use sugar?
Great video!!! I can't wait to make some. I just don't know where to get a large glass jar like the one you have. Where did you get yours? Do you think I could find one on-line? Please make more videos. You're my favorite channel!!!!
Hello! Love your videos! You are indeed very pretty! Just wanted to ask you if its ok to replace the black tea for any other tea perhaps green tea? I'm not a big fan of black tea and was wondering if its a key ingredient to making the kombucha or if one could switch it out for something else? :)
Thanks for the awesome video. How many times can you reuse the same scoby?
I am very curious about this, but it's such an odd idea. What is in raw kombucha (is "kombucha" a thing on its own)? I'm sorry if this is a stupid question, but I am from Denmark and I've never heard of this before.
This looks interesting.  Can someone get ill from this if its done wrong? Xxx
It looks scary, but it's healthy so... Where can I find raw kombucha, to make the scoby? I am from Europe.