LMAO are these guys serious? Get some damn tools! 🤣 18" pickaxe and a small trench shovel?!
I wonder whether Tim really went back and expanded it, considering he'd have to pull up and re-do all of the edging
How many of those bricks or block puzzles did you need for that space?
What was the purpose of the conduit? He said it would all make sense.
Which kind of sand is this please
Can you guys name the bricks you all used please? Style etc.
Measurements of the pavers please?
I have the same thing in my patio and the problem is it’s always dirty. The sand  isn’t confine to the grooves, but often is loose scattered on the floor. Is there anything that can be done to the groove to keep it sealed?
Think you can see China with only 7 inches? I dig graves, try doing that with a shovel.
Where can I get the corner pavers what store or what website??
How many hours did this take?
What do u fill the sides with
Why not use stone dust instead of sand
Chinos and a shirt ???
$125? Is that include labor?
Les than half of a day? Yeah right.
6:30 How did he 'design the gaps' ?  This is the first mention of them.  How big should these gaps be?   BTW he also skipped how he selected the dimensions of the initial pit, which must be a multiple of the paver size(?) + 2 edge pavers + 2 edge anchors.
125$? loil even if thats an 8x8 patio thats 64 sq ft and at $2/sq ft for the stone thats about $128. Assumingg the stone was $1... where dud they get the aggregates for less than $61 and delivered... and i guess he shoved the excess dirt up his ass
How to prepare the surface for paving bricks
Great video, thanks for posting it !?
What do you cut the pavers with?
Please, at 5:56 the L shaped landscape edging and pins,  I need that exact kind. what do I call it and where can I get it?
You don't have to level the ground?
How is it 125 dollars? Pavers cost 2$ per piece, let's say you buy it bulk, reduce it to 1 dollar. You used about 100 of them which would alone be 100 dollars. Sand is 8 dollars per bag, gravel is 6. Fabric is 10 bucks. You need at least 10-12 bags of gravel & 4-5 bags of sand for that area. It would cost close to 400 dollars with the edge frames and long nails etc.
Does 811 comes inside your house and marks any utility?? Coz I called 811 and they only marked outside my property, they did not come inside and did not say anything why.
What if the ground isn't level either side  where you lay your wood to check for depth???
Can I use only 2" of Paver base and 1" of sand?
What could you do different if you wanted to occasionally, or even regularly park a car on these pavers?
does the sand need to be compacted as well?
What kind of sand is being used?
anybody else doin this for the love of skateboarding?
What do you do if you have tree roots?
How much did you spend on materials and supplies?
What if the ground is uneven?
$125????!!!!! where did you buy those materials??
can you guys do a 3+4=5 squaring , its obvious that putting the stakes and eyeing does not do that for you, so in the video you do not show this part..great video though