When can you use 3/4 inch nails?
what do you think ?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq-sOXQ6ZLE
Where’s the ice and water shield?
How do sheds enable local economies through micro-workshops?
So where do we nail? Anywhere we want? I must’ve missed the part explaining that.
Why do the videos I see of roofers not nail on one end of each shingle?
shouldn’t you put the drip edge on the sides on top of the felt paper?
So would your first vertical line be measured at 5.5" to account for a .5" overhang off the edge and then every line measured 6" from there?
Water and ice shield is not necessary?
Do you have a video on how to apply the finish trim to a shed?
HELLO, i watched THis old house faithfully. I was wondering what roof sheathing are you using 5/8?  You guys are awesome
How does he nail the last cap on the edge? He didn't show what he was doing at the end.
Didn't understand the 6 inches offset?
did he mean to say a 7 inch overlay?
Do you think Tommy would ever auction off his hammer? I'll bet it would go for high dollar.
The first ridge shingle glue tab should have been at the end of the starter single ? Right?I don't think you did that right???
What's up with the plastic cap nails i see people use on the felt paper?
? Can I use 1/2 in staples instead of nail on drip and 30 lb paper?
Jw, how come the nails are not put higher up. Wouldn't that allow the single placed above to better protect water/ice from leaking from that nail ?
Why some people flame the bottom while installing?
No cap nails on the felt paper??
what if there is only a single slope? Meaning you need to terminate the ridge caps somehow. and what about sealing that last nail in the ridge?
Why he is cutting shingles in each row ?  If anyone knows please share as I am going to put shingles on my shed.
Is there something that Tommy don't know how to do ?
I own a body harness with fall strap, but what do I click-to when I'm on the roof ?? The builder didn't leave me any convenient D-rings ??
How do you install a Open, W valley  And finish it at the ridge / top and facia
How does Tom swing a hammer so good lol
why did you nail below the black adhesive instead of above it
Why do you need to offset 6 inches from previous row ?
Why did you cut shingle 6" so it offsets from previous row?
Where did he nail that very last piece? Wouldn't a nail be exposed? What covers that?
Thank you for this video, I live in Canada, Toronto and I have to do my roof again after 18 years. The contractor was using the IKO shingles on my roof and I was told that the product has 25 years of warranty, however, the shingles on the sunny side started to fall apart already after 18 years. I have contacted IKO and they are offering me the warranty reimbursement ONLY if I use their shingles again. My question is what is the normal lifespan for the shingles in general? How good these IKO shingles in comparison to the other brands?
what about a second or 3rd row of tar paper on taller roof, Overlap spec.? Clarity on nail placement? Yes I see on video. but a quick mention helps us novices.
Can anyone tell me why you don't complete a row at a time. Instead, I see them going up the roof with partial rows.
Now does the weight of the paper matter for roofing?
I've never seen a roofer use a chalk line. Is that really a thing?
left out nail placement and how many per shingle. needed a close up starter shingle overhand of drip edge. how do you put drip edge on at the peak?
Wow did nobody notice that you suppose to put your felt paper down before your drip edge on left and right sides so if rain blows in it goes over the felt and not straight onto your plywood?
Why not just snap the line 1?2" down from the pencil mark?
Are the roofing nails just going into the sheathing and not rafters?  I am building a chicken run and thinking about shingling the roof but my concern is the amount of nails coming through the top.
What are some ways to cure your fibroid issue inherently ? I read plenty of great reviews on the net about how Womezon Remedy can help you treat your fibroid issue naturally . Has anybody tried this fibroid remedy?
Please help I bought a house six years ago and yesterday my husband went in the attic and the instillation turn into powder and fell down. The outer paper is black and the product inside is brown and our house was made in 1903 do you think we should worry about asbestos? Thanks
If the shingle is 12” in height and you have a 6” overlap wouldn’t that leave you a 6” reveal? Not a 5” reveal.  What am I missing?
Here's my question:  Why is there a noticeable difference when a roofer shingles a roof in vertical lines,  versus the older way when roofers shingled diagonally?   I begged my roofer to do it the old style so I wouldn't see vertical lines, and he agreed.   When the job was done though his roofers didn't do it that way, and now I have vertical lines.
I guess we're putting the underlayment on top of the rake edge?  gtfoh
nothing about how many nails per shingle?????   i've heard 4 or 6 on a full strip.
Kevin says 1/2" shingle overhang (3:39) and Tommy says 1/4" overhang (4:35) (leading edge, left & right gable ends)?  Which is it?  Tommy is also nailing into the tar strip area which I thought was a no, no?
How much overhang on the ends?  And do you use a starter strip on the ends?
Pulled tape down half an inch wtf? Just measure half inch down on tape. Jesus.
Why not use metal tabs and staple to felt? All the shingle jobs I did we had to do this.
Do pro roofers do the same thing? Meaning measuring out and stuff because it would seem like it would take a long time doing this.
No ice and water shield??
Great video subscribed.  In the near future I have to do a partial reroof. I just have an area about 6 x 8  sq feet at the from bottom of roof line.  My question is ..how do you tie in to older but  still Good shingles? Of course I would like to  replace it all but that is not readable right now. Currently have a tarp over the damaged area.  Also, I am a woodworker, i will be repairing the infrastructure if needed. Maybe you have a video on it.  Also maybe there is a public  service video on this.
Very useful video, thanks a lot.I also have a question:My house is type of raised bungalow and has normal roof and side steep roof too. Only bottom part of the side roof is completely damaged and need to be changed with new 3-tab shingles.What I am not sure when there is such a side roof  do we need to install water protection such as roofing felt or we don`t?Appreciate any comment.Best
What if I only have one angle roof? How would I do the finish at the top???
Do actually roofers mark all the lines ??    It looks stupid to me , marking all the lines , I thinks the shingles themselves would act as guide line
No starter up the side?? Lol lol
Well how do install last shingle cap? You leave the nails exposed????
8 inch drip edge?! Are you roofing in the hurricane country?!
Have you or anyone heard of asphalt shingles applied within the past five years bleeding black substance?
How do you install the anchor point for the harness? Can you leave the anchor up there permanently? If you remove it, do the spots where the nails were leak?
Hi, can you show "Architectured Singles" installation?
You mentioned the underlayment, 30# felt in this instance, is there to help prevent condensation under the roofing shingles. My contractor sent some day laborers over who ripped my roof off in the rain, left it untarped in the rain overnight, then shingled it the next morning.  Won't that create condensation? What will condensation do to the roof?
What is a stronger shingle. Standard 3 tab asphalt or laminated architectural shingles
Why are all these "expert" roofers in the comments of a basics of laying shingles video. Somethings not adding up here. Lol
Seems like everyone has their own method of roofing. Has anyone out there actually read the installation instructions on a bundle of shingles? I would like to think the shingle manufacturers might actually know how their product is to be installed.
Good video - thanks.  I am shingling a gabled garage roof, but one end goes into a second story wall of the house.  I take it I start the row of shingles from the gabled edge and end the row with a custom cut of the shingles to fit under the siding at the house edge?Thanks
What about capping a lean-to roof? This example IS a lean to, but only because his model is half a roof. What if I have just a flat 15 degree angled roof? How do I finish the top?
why cut the shingles 6 inches shorter each time? why not just cut the 2nd row 6 inches shorter than go back to a full shingle?
Are you not showing us step by step? I think you missed how to cut drip edge and make the corner.
How old is this? Haven't even bid a 3 tab in 15 years. What about starter shingles? Ice and Water?
Why no starter course up the gable ends? Also, there is absolutely no reason to snap vertical lines. 3 tab shingles have a registration tick on them to line the shingles up correctly, and no professional roofer snaps horizontal lines that often. If you line your shingles up with the top of the keys, they'll stay straight with only occasional measuring and horizontal lines.   Overhang amounts vary with the region. In Kentucky we typically do a 1" overhang but I don't know anyone who overhangs their dripedge like that.
i watched another video specifically on roofing a doghouse, it didnt say anything about a drip edge like that, i was wanting to do doghouses for a profit, would it be cutting corners not to add it? i never like the idea of cutting corners, i believe in doing something right or not at all
Why did he slide his tape measurer down when he could have just subtracted half an inch and marked it there?
Also he did not mention how to nail the roof, cause isn't there an area to nail the shingle?
How many nails per shingle , anyone ??
Question for you experts. How do you finish the last row of shingles on a shed whose roof is not an A frame? Just an angled flat roof?
Is this video from the 80's, no one uses three tab shingles anymore
Do you have a video on woven valleys where one side of the roof runs east to west and the other side of the roof runs north to south? Awesome video. Thank you very much.
how far or long do you spread the shingle across the gable end?
Why didn't you remove the clear plastic strip from the back of the shingle so the top shingle can stick to the one below
One layer of 30 felt used here instead of two?
So each row is offset by 6 inches...lets assume your roofing a house. What happens when you lay the  row that's a 6" shingle,  do you start to use a full shingle above that, or start the process again from the opposite end of the roof?  ( dumb question, I know )
OK bit confused I know your a pro but I thought on the eaves you put the drip edge first then the felt over that then on the gabble end after the felt is on you put the drip edge over the felt?
where can you buy 8 inch drip edge?? help?
how do you cover the exposed tacks at the other end?
Please forgive this question, as it may be common sense to you more experienced guys.   But I have a sugar maple tree hanging over the left side of my house, will the sap from the tree affect my asphalt shingles? I live on the East Coast in a relatively humid area (near Va. Beach).
How do you start roofing on a pyramid hip roofs?
Hello there, have you considered Noboremed  Secrets yet? Just do a google search engine search. On there you'll  discover an awesome tips about how you can cures your skin issue safely.  Why not give it a shot? maybe it will work for you too.
Great job guys, but here is an off topic question how about the guitar background music toward the end of the video -- who is the artist??
Why would you put the rake edge under of the ice shield? I would think it should go on top. If water blows in from the side it will get on to the wood, there is no way that the water will blow up then in. I always thought that the bottom drip edge goes under and the side rake edge goes over.
Few of these videos address this question:  What happens if you get to the other end of the roof and you have only enough space for, say, one inch of a tab.  That tiny little shingle will look bad and will be fragile.  Anyone see what I'm saying?  How do you ensure that the opposite end of the roof from where you started will have close to a whole shingle?
No rake edge metal? No drip edge? And your nails are to high on your starts strong enough wind will get under there and could swoosh blow away a bunch
no gable starter? u shouldnt cut your starter in half as well. oh and maybe use a roofing hammer. it sucks that guys like you teach ppl improper ways to install roofs. what a joke!
Water-tight? Not so much. On the gable, you should install the flashing OVER the felt, so wind-driven precipitation doesn't get between the felt and the sheathing. What are you, union? lol Job security, right? lol
How do you build a dog house.