great video! the recipe link in description isnt there, is there a link to the recipe online anywhere?
How long do you think is good for?
What do you think about smoking the habernero?
Possible shelf life?thanks
How long will this sauce last in the fridge
What is the shelf life ? Both in and out of the fridgr?
Howmany days before expired bro?
Whats the shelf life ? Do you have to put it in the fridge to store it? what about the PH ?
Take the seeds and the white pith out of the peppers, and t'hat'll reduce the heat.  Do you have to refrigerate that sauce, and if so, how long will it keep?
where did you make or get your shirt?  I am Youtube partner also  and how long does this stuff keep in frig?
What is the shelf life? With the mango, I'm thinking a couple three weeks???
my sauce turned black :( too much fire ?
Im going to try this one out! looks promising! How long will it last?
What is the shelf life please?
Going to make this, again! Did it last year also, it was amazing! Question: I have some white wine vinegar and some apple vinegar - any problems using any of those?
What's your preferred method for sanitizing these bottles with the cork on them? I have some larger cork bottles I intend on filling up. I assume you just throw them in some boiling water?
How long does this one keep usually? Sure it's been cooked and the pineapple juice must add a ton of sugar to it, but does it not go bad after a few weeks?
Hey boss, whats the shelf life on this sauce? Do you recommend using a water bath canning method ?
Did you peel the garlic before or after you roasted them? Thanks
Can anyone tell me what those bottles are called and where to purchase them?
Can this be made with just the habeneros? Got 2 chocolate plants gone crazy.
Will the flavor change much if you dont have the ghost or reaper peppers?
Does anybody know what kind of rum he’s using
How long can this sauce be stored for
How long would a sauce like that keep for
Can I ask why you are not fermenting your hot sauce?
About how long will it last before going bad??
Looking for ideas for my pepper garden next year, and I think this video is the best sauce I've seen yet, so I'll be trying it! Not a fan of ghost peppers, so I'll probably do 10 habeneros and 4 reapers, but other than that, mostly the same.  I'm fairly new to a lot of this stuff, and going by eye isn't something I'm comfortable with yet. Do you have a guess as to how much salt and pepper you used? I'm sure I'll get the knack for winging it eventually, but as a beginner, I prefer to follow a recipe as close as I can...
I've been mixing mango and peach with my hot peppers. I was thinking of trying out a mango and pineapple mix but I wasn't sure if it would be good. Do you think those two work well together in a hot sauce?
how long does this keep??
What's the shelf life of this sauce?
Whats the shelf life for this hot sauce? I made a batch and was curious what to tell people i give it to.
How about the approximate scoville unit of that sauce?
That looks amazingly good.  One question: does the liquid separate from the pulp over time in the bottle?
Looks insane.  Wouldnt the capsaicin oil bond with your cast iron?  Your cast iron seasoing will forever be spicy.
Is it just me that the top of my head and under my eyes sweat just watching these vids of hot sauce
Hi, love your Fiery Mango Roasted Hot Pepper Sauce, I roast the peppers and onions too,one of the problems that I 've had, and maybe you can help me with is that the sauce goes off pretty quick, does yours??  Perhaps I'm not putting enough vinegar in it???
How did this batch age? Lose heat with time? The mango give a fermented flavor after time? Long time fan. Love your stuff. Cheers!
How long does this sauce last?
how long would it last on that nice closed bottle?
Just curious about the canning of the sauce; did you simply fill up the bottles and close them up or was there another step that was not shown to shorten the video a bit ? We have almost 40 Habeneros, 10 Jalapeños, 4 Anaheim and a handful of Thai reds that just got ripe enough to pick...I am so looking forward to using your video to help me on my first try at a sauce :)
I love your Vids. I just got my first smoker and I am so happy with it. Got 2 questions about this video, How long will that sauce stay good for??? And where can I buy some bottles like the ones you used in the vid.???? Thank you and Great channel.
Great video! About how long will the hot sauce last?
Thanks for the recipe! what shelf life do you get from this?
Why do you want something that hot? I like the taste of what I am eating.
I was wondering, where did you get those cool little bottles?
Hi Russ. How long will a sauce like this last being that it has vinegar and acidic lime juice which should help preserve it some?  Love your channel. Thanks!
how do you keep from hot sauces exploding when you open the bottle
curious why some hard core sauce makers insist on fermenting the peppers?  have u done this?  does fermenting make for better tasting sauces?
I guess it's like canning?    I am interested in making truly mild habanero sauce. Many people don't like or can not tolerate hot stuff. Habanero peppers are the best tasting pepper there is IMHO. The smoky sweetness of the virgin flower :DAny thoughts on that? Thanks.
So do you consider that the sauce is sealed because it's almost boiling hot when you seal the lid (like jelly)?  I assume you're not sealing in a canner?  This looks amazing!  Thank you for all your recipes, instructions, videos, and everything else you share with us.  Would like to have LOTS of this on hand - just want to make sure I'm doing it right.
How large are the bottles you used? Also, how long of a shelf life does the chili sauce have? I can't wait to make some, thank you.
Does that sauce have to be refrigerated?
I have a friend of mine that is growing the reapers right now.  He is going to get me a few of them to try this sauce.  Where do you find those jars you put it in?  I could use a few of those around my place for different sauces I make.
how long can you keep this in the  fridge or on a shelf ?
How long can it survive in the fridge?
Looks awesome.   Where did U get the pop top bottles from?
so are you looking for a minimal char, or more of a texture when you decide to pull the peppers from the grill?  I would think more is better to bring the sugars together... but i have never done this b4....the taste test was fun, reminded me of my beef jerky video !  but I bet it blends over night or better over a few days.. that is a killer recipe man !!!!! cheers brother !
The real question is how'd the other end feel the next day? B💨🔥🔥🔥
How long will it keep in the fridge?
Sweet and spicy, just like life should be. I've got a question. For how long can you keep it before going bad and do you have to refrigerate it?
That looks really good Rus. How long do you think that sauce  will last in the fridge?
looks awesome, so on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being, not hot, and 10 being "oh my God, im surprised it didnt melt the bottle!" how would you rate it? or compare it to? im thinking it would be a great marinade just as is,..