For something like a caramel would it be better to use castor sugar since it’ll dissolve easier? And do you have a tip or hack to make castor sugar out of regular granulated sugar?
is it pronounced Pray Leen?
Almond + Sugar = Praline?
What can I do if the caramel won't harden ?
How much sugar n how much is little water n how much butter
In india if we keep it outside the fridge i think it would melt and become sticky... why does it become soft if kept in fridge?
Hi! Can I use brown sugar for this?
Do you have a microwave peanut or nut brittle recipe?
can you explain differences between nougatine and praline. i think its the same thing but not pretty sure
Can we use Jaggery rather than sugar???
Can you carmalize Splenda like sugar and make this praline candy ?
Hey Gemma, some of my coursemates and I are planning to have a Christmas potluck and I had the idea for a gingerbread cheesecake that sounds right up your alley, think you can do it?
Hi gemma. Can you please make a video on how to store cakes??
is there a difference between Praline and "brittle" I.E. peanut brittle?
Could I vacuum store it? To make it last longer and be sure that it doesn't come in contact with humidity
My 2 and 4 year old LOVE watching "Gemma videos" with me. Today while watching this one, my 2 year old was asking to see Gemma make an apple dutch baby pancake 😄 Have I somehow missed it, or is it not one you've done yet?
I love your recipe. . can I I add baking soda initially when the sugar is all of that golden Amber stage with the butter because that is how I remember my mother made?
Hi Gemma can i add whole almond???thank you for the recipe  <3
it looks very tasty Gemma! can we put margarine instead of butter or just make it without butter? thank you💟
Isn't this more of a brittle than a praline or is it just how it's made in other countries? In Louisiana we use cream not water.
Gemma have you made what folks in the southern US call pralines made with pecans?
Hi Gemma, it might be a stupid question but can you make it with sesame too?
Do you need a stainless steel sauce pan or will a nonstick sauce pan work?
Hallo Gemma, please, if I would make a praline paste, should I break the praline block into pieces and then blend them in a food processor? Could that work well, in your opinion? Sorry to disturb, I'm asking everywhere on YouTube for a fool-proof hazelnut praline paste recipe, but nobody makes it for me! 😭 Many thanks.
Hmmmm.... never tried them, I’ll probably try makin them this weekend😋😋 but I have a question... if we’re not supposed to mix the caramel when it’s cooking because it crystalizes, why won’t it crystalize after we put in the butter and almond and start stirring? Hopefully my grammar makes sense to you because my literature is not good...😅😅😅
Can I make this into bits and add to cake batter?
Is this like peanut brittle??