I’ve had this flavor candy from you guys. I kind of wanted it to be the artificial flavor lol.   Just curious, the natural flavor that you guys use, is that based on the gros michel or the cavendish?
what does the candy taste like when it's still soft and goo like
So...why do they still culture only one type of banana? It seems like they didn't learn from the mistakes made the first time.
Why didn't you use your lovely machine to make the rods? Also, how do you know how thick each layer of candy needs to be?? 🤔 Your videos have opened up a whole new universe to me!
how is the actual molten candy at the beginning made??
How does he cut then so fast
What is the recipe ?
Who's singing and playing in the background?
Ohh that's so interesting 🙂 but is that type of candy still around and what store do y'all ship them at? Like any store or
What’s the PD for poopy disputes? lol
i wonder what he means by the banana having complexities and overtones. he doesnt explain....
Why can't they get the earthy flavor of banana right? Everything I've ever tried tastes like green apple without citric acid.
I know this video is 2-3 years old, but I'm wondering if that "banana sickness" is still around. I worked in a grocery store as an essential worker for a couple months during the beginning of COVID 19 and most of the banana batches we got in from produce looked pretty bad.  Granted they were speckled brown or pretty ripe, but our customers and most grocery shoppers expect perfect yellow bananas so it was just weird to see batch after batch not meet that standard. Maybe it was part of that "sickness"?
how many times did he banana
Why is it that all the best stuff manufactured in the U.S. was made prior to WWII or even earlier?
what kind of genius are you ? :D great video !
what is the song at the beginning?
am i the only one who loves the flavour of artificial banana??
Bananas are herbs ?!
All this banana talk   Uni corn droppings   Phallic shapes Is this video about candy or something entirely ???
That dropping of the candy off the boys hand, deliberate? Funny way to end the video!
Am I the only one who thinks he says "fountain" strange?  ....."fout'n"......
Hey what's you guys' business address? I may be in Tallahassee whenever this whole virus thing blows over.
Wait... is April gonna be the month that.. BANANAS GO EXTINCT?!?!
Another round of Youtube suggesting this? Not complaining in the least, but just not too much similar to what I watch normally (Again, not complaining. I like diversity in my daily watching... Especially in this quarantine time)
i wonder what hes singing
6:01 did he just cut it with the handle?
who is watching this in quarantine?
Are these maggots inside the banana candy?
why would you use a plastic spoon on something thats boiling hot...? you're getting plastic in all of the candy and its terrible for you lol
what's up with the banana doom crap? there are many surviving kinds of bananas. why do you people always do this?
The adult all like "wait what i get candy too?"
Are you able to take a bite of the gooey candy while its still soft or would it be too hot?
great video, who is that bob dylan cover by?
How do you cut so fast?
really nobody saw the scissor throw at 6:00 flat? :O
What did you do today? I learned how i should peel a banana!!
How does uk stick's of rock have words inside them from tip to tip? I loved these sweets as a kid, when family goes to brit sea side the kids beg BRING ME BACK SOME STICKS OF ROCK. Its poor quality now days tho soft crap. They should be rock hard tooth busters.
"gross michael" lol isn't it pronounced "grow michelle?" either way it's funny to hear it called gross michael, like obv we aren't going to use flavoring of that nasty taste, haha.
Did anyone else notice the kid that dropped the candy 😂
Seriously... who hit the dislike button? I just wanna talk. What could you possibly dislike about this???
How'd you get George Clooney to narrate??
Do you use natural food colour or is it a chemical dye
How about "mystery flavor" sushi roll candy?
Why don't they teach this at schools?!
Why am I watching this at 2:24 AM on a school night??
Is it bad that i haven't tasted a banana split yet? 😅
Why am I here? Idk why but I love it!
is it crazy that I have never had a banana split?
Can you make a playlist of music? Your music taste is great
5:35 Was that a pun?      apPEEL?
When you are cutting the candy, is it in real time?
Am I the only one who got a banana because of this video?
Welcome back to why is this in my recommended?
Why did Youtube bring me here? Is this tangentially related to Rick & Morty?
5:39 largest herb = doesnt have a woody stem? but why do bananas I eat have woody stems?
why do you choose the chop anvil method for the cutting process instead of a slam down thing?
I just have to ask, have you ever had the "Oh god no" moment when you poured out the candy mix and either had too much or something was wrong with the metal bars holding it in and molten hot sugar proceeded to pour all over the floor?
Can you ship to Japan?  I'm on a amarican ship though,  idk if that makes any difference on if it's considered a different country or not
Why in the world would you deliberately press the dislike button
Do you guys think those children are hypnotized by all that candy or the guy's chopping speed?
BIG QUESTION!!!  When he cuts the candy, arent there like still quiet pointy or sharp edges? Isnt that kinda dangerous?
what's the name of the song in 9:15?
CAN YOU STOP RECOMMENDING ME THIS NOW!???! THERE I WATCHED IT NOW LEAVE ME ALONE
Did you get your script from The Sci Show?
So anyone else from Tallahassee?
The biggest question isn’t Why was this recommended to me by YouTube?, it’s why did I sit all the through the 10 minute video YouTube recommended about candy that I’ve never thought about watching???
I wonder if hes ever rolled to far causing the candy to fall on the floor
What's that song in the background?
How is the flavoring extracted?  Is the banana squeezed?  Do you...  make banana cry?
did I just end up watching a 10 minute video about banana candy
"Gross Michael?" That's a french name, it's pronounced like "grow Michelle."
I used to love bananas as a child but now I don't. Could it be they changed flavor? Love artificial banana flavor though! Banana laffy taffy is the best.
Do American's realize the word herb has an h in it? Why do they all say erb lol
Bananas are the new bees?!?!?!
Anyone look at the Recipe Book and think of Cheryl by Yung Gravy?
how did i get here....why would I want to watch a video about making can..........can't ......look away.......
Who peels a banana from the stem?
Song name? It makes me happy and idk why
I feel like I've been lied to. like there was this big banana catastrophe that I was never told about. I just wanted to watch some guy make candy, but instead, I'm being told bananas might go extinct? what?
Jesus Christ did I just watch a man stretching taffy on a coat rack for 2 minutes?
Who is this magic man
Where did you try the Gros Michelle banana? Ive always wanted to find one and try it.
Who else thought it was a maggot
Is that Rocco from Mega64?
Why is YouTube repeating the recommendation for this video after a year again? I remember watching this last year and clearly the ones watching then too were clueless as to why was this recommended?
What's the music?
Bananas were cultivated in "Papa" New Guinea?
Unicorn droppings??? LOL!! Who could resist trying that?!
i have a weird feeling, that this guy likes bananas?
Would you say that bananas taste like a cross between a banana and a banana? Or is it more like a banana?
Is this the same company that made the Tide Pod candy?
But what about the original bananas with seeds? They won't go extinct yet.
WHY DID YOUTUBE RECOMMEND THIS? NOT COMPLAINING THOUGH CUS THIS WAS PRETTY COOL AND INTERESTING
Why is no one talking about how fast and easy he could chop someone’s fingers up?!
How do you keep ants from crawling all over the place?
Does it taste like banana? Should i make them myself?
What's the name of the tune playing at the beginning of the video?
Where are you located
I'm confused is this for animals? cuz I like the candy
Dont you make retro candy not vintage candy?
Tastetester? Where do I send my application?
Where do you find the coupon codes?
Nowadays I am wondering more and more on Youtube: How did I end up here?
How do you get the little banana picture on the candy?
Can you please hire me as flavor taster? 😁😋
Talking about history and Chiquita Brand, do you know what Banana Massacre is?
Why waste time making the worst flavor of candy??
are there no machines for candy pulling or it is better to pull by hand
4th largest cultivated crop in the world? Um, that would be potatoes.
5:01 Doesn't that count plantains all all sorts of cultivars?
Do you guys deliver to england? I SOOOO badly want some of Your sweets
I gotta ask but what song where you singing wile using the hook?
Is that not called rock because it is in england
No idea how I got here .... but after seeing this whole video, I'm still asking myself "Why not just use a real banana?"   No candy will come even close to real bananas.
Looks delicious. 😋 🍌  Where can I buy this banana candy?
But did the book teach you self defence against a 🍌?
so i clicked a video about banana candys,but i didnt expect to learn so much about bananas and why the heck does youtube recommend this video to me?
Hmmmm, banoffee candy?  idk if I spelled it right
How did I find this video
how and why did I end up watching this?
Can I work for you guys in the future?
Were you singing while pulling the white part?
What is that song at 9:00
Usually wrapped in rice paper right?
isnt that too sharp? the edge of broken candies
Do you mean a Cavendish banana?
Is this anywhere else in Florida?
Who is doing that cover of the Fastball song? Or did Fastball do the cover... ?
Who did the Fastball cover at the end?
Is this video about banana's?
Is it just me or that "banana" looks more like a worm?
wait, how did he get that banana picture in there ?!
What if all advertisements were like this?
So is this about bananas ?
Hello? i am from Russia? It is very sweet video, i want to do same candy. Can you send me recipe basics and using additives/ My english so bad but with translater i can understand more. Thanks
wait, people actually peel bananas from the stem? I'm Asian and i never see people do that.
In a future video, could you explain why they are called "soda jerks" ?
I wonder where I can get a Michael Gross (Family Ties), I mean Gross Michael, banana.
Has anybody tried these?! I'm guessing they don't taste like banana runts then huh?! I'm almost wanting to buy them to see how a real banana candy is supposed to taste like lol?!
So folding it that way creates a banana shape in the candy???
WHAT SONG IS PLAYING IN THE BACKGROUND AT THE END? Sounds like 'Out of My Mind' by Fastball but old timey
Why does the kid dropping the candy at 9:31 make me laugh? The timing? The unintentional sound on the video when the candy hits the counter? The fact that he's awkwardly holding his palm sort of vertical while being handed something? I secretly enjoy when kids get hurt and/or disappointed? All of the above?
Can someone tell me the song at around 8:30?
What is the song playing in the background pls? At the beginning, 1/3 of the awesome video plays it...
Am I the only one that noticed the last kid dropped his candy?
Ok wierd.  I was watching a cell phone teardown video, and somehow this video came up as a recommended.  I actually watched this video and found it interesting.    Youtube is wierd . . . . or am I the one that's wierd??
how old is this candy technique as a whole?
So simply banana candies taste like banana, but type that isn't available worldwide to buy today?
Huh people peel with the stem? Well i grew up with the other side lol
why can't every history lesson be set to candy-making?  It's much more fun!
why am I binging this? its addictive
Anyone else see the piece of candy fall out the kids hand at the end?
Is that a cover of Fastball- Out of My Head at the end of the video? Love the vintage sound of it, could someone tell me where to find it? Thanks!
Is the song "blowing in the wind" playing in the background?at the end it plays Fastball "out of my head. "
what song is in the beginning??
do y'all eat your bananas with or without the tree?
_why are bananas so interesting and unique?_
What are these sweets called
Hey I have a question what if you try and make the candy bite size like how you row the big thing don't do that just make it bite size what will happen?
What does this have to do with the price of bananas
Am I a banana expert now???
Do your arms get tired after stretching the candy all day
Did your banana research lead you to the Colombian banana massacre?
Peal a banana peel? What sound does it make?
Does anyone else just love 😍 the candy cut part
Why is it so hard to make the color white into candy?        Cause actual work gos into it
Greg, are you the founder of Lofty Pursuits?
Who else only watches this because it’s satisfying
I live in upstate NY. Do you guys ship candy?EDIT: commented before watching entire video. I'll  have to order some candy.
Is steel better than marble when it comes to cooling candy?
How do I get a job there? I want a job making candy.
So yours tastes like bananas now? I like the taste of the old one, like laffy taffy.
Isn't sugar the most produced crop?
Lol did anyone see the boys candy fall when the guy gave it to him? 9:31
Wait, I’m really confused why I’m watching this..?
Anyone else notice he dropped the candy when he handed it to the last kid?LMAO
Why am i watching a video about artificial banana flavor ???
have you ever made dragon's beard
How did you shrink a banana down that much and fit it inside there?
Hi do you think or was made  passion fruit candies?
I like your videos but I have a question. When you cut the candy howcome you dont cut them into perfect cylinders instead of having them jagged?
Anybody count how many times he hooked that strip of candy?
Can you make the delivery to Romania too?
Wait!? I thought eveyone peeled bananas from the flower end. WTF??? I would see cartoons and video game characters peelings there bananas from the flower end.
do you ship to other countries
How much does this usually cost
Honestly this guy is amazing just he sounds so nice, is this just me?
what is the cooling table made of ie is it steal aluminum or something else im asking so i have an idea of what to make one with
Is there anywhere that I can buy this
Yo yo so I'm from England and bloody love bananas, going to orlando soon, how long does it take to drive to Tallahassee from Orlando? Cheers 😂
Have you ever made the candy that has that fizzy stuff in the middle? If so, I would LOVE seeing how that's made! 😃👍🏻  Your videos are awesome, thank you! ❤️
I've seen some candy companies use white coloring to make it white instead of pulling, why do you use the pulling method?
what if you were to eat the candy while it was still hot, what would it taste like?
Do they ship candy to different states?
When you guys add the food coloring and have to boil off the water why dont you guys use alcohol based coloring as it has a lower boiling point
Nintendo switch hard candy?
Are you by any chance planning to  be making candy this coming Wednesday? i have some friends coming from florida, i live in alabama, we may pop in for a visit
do you own the shop?
how much do you get when you buy one bag of candy?
How long would shipping be to South Florida?
Why not try making malted milk candies? I'm not sure why but my family currently can't get enough of that nostalgic flavour!
Do you have a link to that Fastball cover song at the end?
What version is "outta my head" playing in the background? that is awesome.
Have you guys ever tryed coconut flavoring If thats sutch a thing
Have you ever made international flag candy for example america or canada
Does any of you're candy have gelatine, alcoholic substances or meat products??
How many times did they say banana in this video?
HEY!can you show bus how you make your sundaes?that'll be a cool video to watch!
This would be a real challenge, but could you make doge or pepe candies?
Please tell me someone counted how many times he said bannana????
Why do i find this so interesting...
Have you ever thought of making your candy on a livestream?
Does your site ship to Canada? It was gonna let me go through with payment but I don't know the rules of shipping organic matter and it doesn't say anything that I can find about it on their website.
Hey there! Love your videos, so I was wondering if you could ever do image candy with it being an image of Elma from miss kobayashi's dragon maid. This came from the end of the opening song where when they cut up the (eraser?) with Elma's face on it and it kinda looks like when you guys cut up the candy.
Is it just me or does the older 50's music set the mood? I just heard it playing rockin' robin in the background and thought it was cool.
Why has this been in my recommended for weeks now?
Wait          There was a LITERAL Banana PLAGUE?
wait, aren't rosemary and thyme herbs with a woody stem?
What do you think about the idea of making a video showing us how to make a small batch using household items so the ones who want to experience the making of hard candy can do so
Do a mango flavor or something
do your employees have dental coverage? They better, working in a candy shop and whatnot.
Is this candy vegan?
who else wants to eat it while its soft
How the dafuq did I get here I was watching how to strip a ak for first day of school
Do you make candy from other countries, if so could you make colters candy.
Why tf is this in my recommended?
Am I the only one that hasn't had a banana split before? I'm 17
nice candy. what does it taste like??
Victorian Banana Candy or why does banana candy typically not taste like bananas? but everytime they say banana it speeds up
Do these guys make any soft lollies?
Can you ship your candies to Canada?
Hey fellas I was wondering what happens when you do make a mistake or distorted the image of the candy?
Have you tried eating some of the candy before it's hard but cold enough to eat
Rice, Corn and Wheat are the top most cultivated foods?   I honestly thought Potatoes would be up there too!
How do you make a natural flavor taste realistic? Doesn't the quality of the flavor decay during production?
Why am I watching a video all about bananas when I actually hate bananas?
Hi Mr. Greg! today was a holiday called Play Lax Day, a holiday us lacrosse players celebrate as an excuse to drop everything and fool around all day with lacrosse sticks. So in honor of this, could you make a lacrosse stick image candy? I know its probably a challenge, but that's good right?
Have you tried making a life size light saber out of candy cause that would be spectacular.
I've seen candy videos where people use white food coloring instead of pulling. Is there a difference in flavor between these two techniques, and why would a person do one or the other?
Hey, do you by chance make gummy candy?
What is the video where you talk about the candy making table?
Why did I watch this whole video...
that was a banana? i thought it was some kinda worm D:
Why am I so engaged in a video of a guy putting things on a hook and talking about bananas
What do banana split taste like? I've never had one. Please dun bully meh 😂
anyone else think they should set up a camera focused on their tables and just stream their candy making constantly?
Hello lofty pursuits! Big fan of the channel, and plan to visit Tallahassee in the future! I have a question/suggestion though, have you ever made an image of a rainbow or clover in your hard candy? I think it'd be a good theme for St.Patricks Day (Even though it's a long way away)
How does this channel have so many subscribers? Don't get me wrong I love lofty Pursuits, I'm a Tallahassee native, I'm confused though
Wtf am I waching??
people peel a banana from the stem end? what the hell
Do you ship 'em to other countries? I really wanna buy some of them tho.
What do you mean by "rice", "corn" and "wheat"? Isn't wheat classified as a "corn" crop? Look it up. Google it.
Why don't you guys ship to Brazil? I'm craving these candy so bad now and I can't buy them.
why cant this video just act like a banana and split out of my recommended videos.
Unicorn droppings?...how something so gross can actually taste well
I watched it youtube, CAN YOU STOP RECOMMENDING IT ALREADY?!
Why isnt there a too stop the disease?
I wonder what old extinct fruits would taste like..
I was wondering, could you please make rock candy like you can get at British beaches? That would be amazing!
Why was this in my recommended?
How to fuck do you move your hand that fast when cutting the candy?
Do you only sell the pieces, never the whole stick of rock?
I have a candy question, WTF is Blue Raspberry? and why is it so much more common than blueberry? I know there are some blueberry flavored candies but they are not nearly as common as blue raspberry . Is there even a real blue raspberry fruit?
Who the hell peels a banana from the stem
Is it sad that I have NEVER eaten a Banana split?
How... How the hell did I get here...?
I always wondered about these types of candies. Are you supposed to bite down on them or just suckle on them until they are gone?
are you singing while pulling the candy on the hook.?
How many times does he say candy?
Alrighty, what do you want to name the video? Name it either victorian banana candy or why does banana candy not taste like bananas. -video uploads- I meant name it one of the two...
The candies look fairly sharp, they don't hurt kids to eat do they?
I have a question about the foods/candies you sell: do you guys take care to not cross contaminate with allergens? Most specifically peanuts and tree nuts which can be pretty severe allergies. Just curious! Thanks :) Watching oh guys making candy is so cool by the way!! And all the history is fascinating too ^^
Can you eat the liquid candy? I know it's really hot but is it possible?
How did you lot have a camera to film the creation of the table in 1891?
do you guys ship to Europe? I would relly like some banana candy
What do you do with scrap bits of candy you cut of during production?
I just watched the whole thing. What's gone wrong in my life? Something's gone horribly wrong in my life.    Oh God.
Anyone know the song the background?
Who else died when he missed the kids hand with the candy?😂
Was he talking about bananas? I was not paying attention.
lol whats a grose michel? ;)
Why is this recommended for me?
How long does it take to make one batch? It would be cool to make candy the old fashioned way. What did your candy look like when you've started making candy? 😁😁😁
IS this the same stuff as blackpool rock?
am i the only one who thought the thumbnail was a piece of candy with a worm in it?
is that a tiny anvil?     I like the tiny anvil
I wonder if this is the same taste of banana medicine I used to take in the 80's. I loved that artificial banana flavor and I never understood why it tasted so different.
And why do you call them "unicorn droppings"?
How tf did I end up here
Couldn't find anything on the site about this, do you do any sugar-free/diabetic-friendly candy?
Nice video, didn't know about the old banana being the artificial flavor. I kinda wanna try one now, I tend to prefer the candy flavor to real... I have one slightly unrelated question. Who did the cover of the last song?
Wait pulling from the non stem end is The right way? When my mom gave me my first ever banana that's how I peeled it from then on
I just learned something?
How did you get to taste an actual gros michael banana???
the real question is why don't bananas taste like banana candies anymore?
8:02 is that sped up? if not you deserve a thumbs up
I have learned so many things about bananas today. What can I do with this information? Someone please tell me!
can you do a video on how you guys make the molten candy and kinda teach everyone what you guys do to make this stuff, its actually really neat to see the finished products like the rose bud candy you guys did, you don't have to do this but it would be cool if you did
Mmmmmm.... BANANA🤤 Do you ever sell the product in whole sticks before cutting it?
What is the texture like? It looks to be similar to Rock (UK, not US Rock Candy) (sometimes called Brighton Rock). Looks to be made the same also, Im guessing anyway.
Are all your candies sweat or are some sour as well? If you don't make sour candies is there a reason? I would love to eat some sour candy. If you decide to make some I would order some sour candy.
Doesn't lint from the gloves get in the candy?
Have you ever thought of making Damascus candy? ie candy that looks like Damascus steel.  There are some really fantastic Damascus steel makers on You Tube; one of my favourites is Alec Steele's channel 😊👍
How much do the unicorn droppings cost?
The banana looks like a tequila worm. New candy flavor? 💛
Do you have dreams about making candy
If monkeys do it, how can it be wrong? I'm laughing so hard, cause they throw their poop at people too, and that's very wrong. 😂😬 love your vids!
Do you use LorAnn for you banana? If not, who do you use? Looking for a REAL banana instead of the candy/medicine ones.
Who's the one singing?
Did the book teach you how to defend yourself against an assailant armed with a banana?
WHAT!! IS THAT SONG IN THE BACKGROUND AT THE END!? AT AROUND 9:10 !!!???? WHO DID THAT COVER I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO FIND IT FOR MONTHS.
Am I the only one who thought that the song in the background at 9:07 sounded like the song "bad things" sung by Camila Cabello??
How the hell did I even get here?
Is anyone else bothered that the banana isn't in the middle
Anyone else here develop a banana allergy? :(
Does anybody else care how a banana is peeled
Who wants to do an arm wrestling contest with this guy I certainly don't All that candy gave him muscles
People peel bananas by the stems?
Why do "Circus Peanuts" taste like bananas ?
Is this also why grape candy doesn't taste like grapes?
Do you sell those rods full?
question, have you ever hit your rist on the hook? id realy like to know
you know when your pulling the candy on that hook thing is it hard for you to stretch the candy out on that hook like is it sore for your arms and hands?
Is this about the grow michelle banana taste instead of an cavendish?
Have you ever had anyone jist want the big log as a whole? Lol
What made you decide to go from being an artist to a candy maker?
I've been wondering, why don't you all create a patreon to help expand the business?
How fast can you separate pieces from pieces it's so mesmerizing.
Please please tell me who's doing the covers? I so curious.
Looks delicious! My candy order should arrive soon and I can't wait! I have a question for you. Why do you pull by hand instead of with a machine? Thank you for making such great candies and videos!
Do yaou make soft candy?
Trilaterally symmetrical or radially symmetrical?
Ive noticed in the most recent videos your hook has changed and it no longer sticks?  Is this one seasoned or different somehow, other hten its older?
I have a question. I know you make hard candy (I love going to see it made), But have you ever considered making gummy candy?
I really want to make the 2.5 hr drive to tally just to watch you make candy. If I called, would you be able to tell me when you're planning on making candy? So I could take a little trip?
Did I click on this video to learn how to make banana image candy? No. Did I click on this video to listen to this man's silky smooth voice talking about the history of bananas? Maybe...
How about some cool image candy with strawberry-basil flavour? I love this combination but have never seen candy, let alone image candy with it.
Greg you have so many stories and interesting facts. Have you ever thought about making a podcast? I find you voice relaxing and I would love to her more of your stories
Has anyone ever critiqued a piece of candy? Or do they just gobble it down?
I always love your videos. I was wondering do you sell sticks of rock like we have in the UK?
I wonder if in the process of rolling the candy, the entire roll of candy ever fell off the table? Would suck
am i the only one who want to eat the candy when its still soft?    holy hell, what did i do to deserve all these likes lol
Just out of curiosity, but can you give me a range for how much it would cost to have custom candy made? I understand that there may be factors that impact the final cost, but a range of price would be nice. Thanks
I wonder if they ever look at that initial cut end, decide it's not good enough and then scrap the lot. I doubt it happens to Greg. But I can see it with new employees
Did the poor kid at 9:31 get another piece?
Is/Was it easy to learn how cut the hard rods on that anvil thing?
Hi, do you ship to Sydney Australia??
early squad where you at?