What's the hair length? Its beautifully
If the rubber bands break does the braid just fall out?
2 . How DO I Cpean My Brushes for Safe Un Irritating Skin?? 🐱🌍🌎🌏❤🙂
Was this hair 16" or 18"? It looks like 16" just want to be sure.😊
Hey there 😁👋🏽 how long can you keep this in without it getting tangled? I'm concerned about the rubber bands bursting up my hair 😭
Is it heavy?
I was wondering if anyone can tell me, if when doing this style do you have twist tightly?
How long did this style last and what was your nighttime routine?
What length was this hair?
How many packs of hair did you use?
Is there a high chance of breakage where the rubberbands are?  How long do you suggest this style should be left in? How hard was it to remove?  I love this style so much and you look amazing. I want to try this but as you can tell I have a lot of questions. LOL
How can I stop my hair from unravelling after I get done twisting it???
Hello, Beautiful! How long does this style last?
How did you ensure you rubber band didn’t slide when you started twisting? Mines keep sliding from the roots when I twist.
What was your nightcare routine?
Does anyone know how many packs she used ?
Love the style about how many twists is this?
How long does this take to do ?
Okay, this style is really beautiful and definitely beginner friendly, but I found myself having to retwist the ends really, really frequently. Any suggestions for ways to avoid that?
Beautiful... how long did you leave them in using this method?
Is there any reason that you secure the rubber band after the Marley hair is in place instead of making the ponytail and using the crochet hook to pull the Marley hair through? Does it create more tension on the natural hair or something?
Could I ask how many twists do you have in do you have for the finished look. Love the fullness.
How many packs of hair ?
Did you use all 5 packs?
can you give me a tutorial on your make up !! I was so focused on looking at the perfect details of your shadow blend and how it compliments your defined wings and highlight so perfectly oh my gosh i’m in love with it!
I have a question, how would that beginning method work with doing box braids???
Has anyone tried this? How secure is it? I'm going on a trip and I'd like to avoid a malfunction lol
How long does this style last?
Did you pre wash this hair before installing? @tastepink
Where did you purchase the scalp astringent? I can't find it online. The link you provided is invalid. 🙁
Are they heavy?
How long can you keep this hairstyle in? Also can you send a link of the website I can buy this hair from?
How many packs did you buy? I will try this style
How long it will last?
Ummm how do u take them out??? Can u please do follow up video
How many twists did you do?
Is there another way to get the astringent and the icing ?The link isn’t working
I love the look. I wonder if I could get this to work on my short natural hair?
Can you do this with braids? I'm going to try it tomorrow!!!
i love the creativity in your tutorials.Can one still use braids to come up with the same style??
how long does your hair need to be (the minimum) to do this?
Can you do this method with box braids?
Can you use this method for boxbraids?
Can I use kanegalon hair for this style
How did you part your front?
How many twists is this?
do you think this same rubber band technique would work for jumbo braids?
how long did you have these in... they look beautiful
How many packs of hair ?
Can you add me on snap or IG please
Do you flat iron your hair before braiding it, if so do you have tips for care, ty. LOVE THIS STYLE!!
Could I use 7 packs on my hair and be able to but it in a bun like how u did ??
Hi!!! I'm completely obsessed with this look!!! I'm actually about to start it and realized I only have 4 packs!!! Should I go get another.. Or should I be ok?
Is there anyway the rubber bands can be avoided?? I just know they cause hella breakage 😩
I'm dying to know how long this protective lasted?
Where'd you get the earrings though??????
Can you do a take down video please.....I low key don't trust that the elastic band won't break my hair.
How is it with working out?
Where are you from?
What length did you use?
Where can I get that tread looking string stuff n what is the name of it
I absolutely love this style!!!  I'm going to do it for my cruise next month.  I was wondering if anyone has tried it with smaller sections like medium size?  Anyway you rock!!  Thank you for taking the time to share with us.
How many packs of hair is this
How many packs of hair did you use????
Love the style! Quick question: how do you take these down without your hair breaking? Since rubber band is being used
How long do they last?
Hair is gorgeous!! But what eyeshadow is that?
you know..i'm DYING to try this style, but I must say, i'm a little nervous of rubber bands.  I mean...won't the bands break off your hair? What if i'm sleeping and moving my head in bed?  Will it cause the bands to pull my hair out?  I'm too nervous.
Hi there. Had a question. I have pretty short Afro so will I be able to do this style???
Lv it!!! Hi sweetie I don't know if u answered this question...I went through the comment and didn't see if anyone asked u...but how many packs of kinky hair did u use? Thanks so kindly
Newbe !  Loving what I see and Yes to what everybody has said on here, Loving this style and the stylist Much ! Girl you know I am  going to Rock ( oops! do they still say that? ) this style,  lol  Anyway I am going to my nearest  hair store ASAP ! Now question how  many packs of hair for this style, because I notice you use 6 strains for each ponytail?  Please do get back ...anybody?
How many packs of hair did you use for this whole style and where can we find the gold thread? :)
...this might be a dumb question but do the rubber bands make your hair break? I've been told that you shouldn't put rubber bands in hair because it breaks it break more?
Can you tell us where you got the gold thread?
did you use less than 6 pieces of Marley hair on the ones in the middle of your head? It doesn't look like 6.
How many twists/sections did you have?
Trying these tonight! Pray for me lol. My parting skills need a blessing.  Lol.  Does my hair have to be dry to do this?
How many twist did you put in each row?
Love it. Can you do one for rubber band method using faux locs?
How long did this style last for you?
How long did you keep this style? I know folks are trying to get more content on here, tjerefore people don't really keep styles in that long. I assume it would still look grrat without a touch up after 2 weeks but 3 may be pushing it. It looks great! I had no idea wjat style I was going to do for my bday...now I do!
Great video! Did the rubber bands pull out your hair when you came to remove them?
How did you get 20? How many on each row? 2,3, then 4 right? That's 9 so you have 11 left for the top and that's not even 😕. (Sorry I'm a tad bit OCD)
Love this look!  Can I have these songs though?! Lol
how many rows are on the back section?
This is beautiful!!!Can you do jumbo braids as well with this method?
Make up is like whoa..did u do a tutorial on the make up? Love it and the hair..girl u Betta WORK
how did you get the roots to stay so tight? mine are loose not even 12 hours later. I still love the style! just want the roots tighter
How do you get the rubber bands out when you are ready to change your hair??
Where can i order these jewelry ?
How do you keep the rubber-band from showing?
How many pack of hair did u use?
hmmm could they be done in a smaller version and still come ot as pretty ????
Why is your scalp red????
Do the rubber band break the hair off when its time to take it down ?
Can this be done on shorter hair ?
How many twist do you have?
How many packs of hair did you use ?
Is it heavy?
how many packs of hair did you use
How long does this style last
Beautiful...how many packs of hair did it take and what kind of thread was that?
Could you just put the rubber band in your hair first then crochet the Janet in between  to do the twist?
Are they heavy?
Did you blow dry your hair first as well before installation?
Why am I so worried about rubber bands breaking my hair?
do you remember how many sections you had total?
Not only I live for watching you create beautiful styles 😍. I love the music it all just keeps me watching lol.  What song is this?
how many bags of hair to use?
very nice video very pretty. Rubber bands don't they pull your hair out little by little? Is it better to use the someone plastic rubber bands that they have out now?
where'd you get the hair accessories & what are they called ?
love the rubber band technique! I've never seen it before and i think it is a great method to use. However, I am interested to know what happens if the rubber band snaps? Will the hair still hold up? I like wearing my protective styles for an extended time so I often wash my twists. I just imagine after a few washes, the rubberbands will wear out.
quick question: whenever you did the split with the rubber bands, how did you get the split in your hair to be no longer visible?
I want to try this with regular kanekalon hair. I have a ton in my closet. I'm wondering if I can get the same effect? 🤔
So beautiful.  How long did this take you to do?
I am going to try this asap. Great video. I was always told rubber bands break your hair off. Was anyone else under that impression? I know if it were true for you, you wouldn't be doing it. I wonder if it's only true for relaxed hair. I'm natural now so I may not have anything to worry about.
Can you do it with straight kanekalon hair?
How long does this last?
How many twist did you put in the back and front? It looks like maybe 8 in the front. Is that right?
How did you do the front? The video doesn't show this. Only the side. Its it a box shape part or triangle? Looks very nice too.
Does this method work the same for box braids?
anyone know the name of the song playing in the background?
Where did you get the hand art?????
Can you swim with this style?
Is the hair heavy?