I am not able to find chile morita in my town, can I use chipotle peppers instead?
How many tamales is this for?
Hi Janet! Your tamales look wonderful! For your audience in the U.S., how many cups are in the masa? 3 to 4 cups? Thank you!
Do you have the conversion from lbs to cups?
For the MASA you mix all those ingredients together ?? Even baking powder?
How much water do you put in the olla to steam them?
Can you wash the husk and let them dry over night?? Will they get too dry??
What brand of lard do you use? And also if your making it with chicken can you use chicken stock instead of pork? Thank you
Is this sauce spicy?
Great video and thank you for posting. My question which is somewhat late considering I'm ready to pulse the chili's but here it is. As a guestimate how much chili water does one add when blending?
Beautiful channel and thank you. One ask though - would it be possible to also add how much time is it to prepare the recipes? For the tamales it seems to be several hours of effort.
Is the vegetable lard you use the same as Crisco vegetable shortening?
Hi and Thank you for your tamales recipe.  How many tamales does this mass make? Thank you❤
I have a question you mix maseca masa instant corn masa flour with pork broth and it made masa dough? Is that correct?
Hi!  What does the corn husk do when there placed at the bottom of the steamer ? Thank you i enjoy all your recipes. ❤
Hi Janet,  I really enjoy your videos. Can you please tell me how many hours it took you to make the batch of tamales?
Are you going to make some Tamales for Christmas? I know you and your family/friends will enjoy them, they look amazing! BTW, i love your channel, keep making and posting videos of that great Mexican food we love so much! Happy Thanksgiving!
definitely going to try this receipe!! before I watched this video i made tamales for the first time and when they were done the masa had a bread-like consistency :/ when i would cut the tamales it would leave crumbs. Would you happen to know why that would happen?