How many oz are your ramekins?  Is it better that they are wider rather than deep?
how much does this make?
does the water have to be hot??
Do u boil the cream just to bring it up to temp? But isnt that the same thing as water bathing it
You didnt mention oven temperature? Thank you
So 4 eggs and that much cream only makes 3 br没l茅es?
Heat the cream to what temperature? Boiling? Scalding?
What temp do u set the oven at?..and how long in the oven?
U cant add spices like nutmeg ?
Ma'am, what are the ingredients for the honor of writing the name in the display?
How much whipping cream did you put?
Hey! Can i use regular whipping cream to make the creme br没l茅e from your recipe?? please do let me know!
i follow your recipe exactly, and it never sets?
How many cup of whipping cream
30 min which temperature?
Mine are in the oven rn. Do I chill them in the fridge or the freezer??
Is one vanilla bean enough?
If I dont have vanilla bean, can I use vanilla extract?
Why can I use heavy cream?
How much of cream is used in this recipe?
30min at what temp? So stupid
How many cups of the whipping cream?
Can YouTube read minds? I literally thought of her the other day and now shes on my feed?
I thought br没l茅e meant burnt?
Who else came here after watching Marvel's What If Episode 4??? 
how much cream is used in this recipe?
Will pure vanilla extract work just as well? I cant find Vanilla beans or paste in my area, but I have good extract that I bought in the dominican republic and one from Mexico and it's pure.
Can I make creme brulee by steaming the mixture? i don't have oven at home 
Will a genie come and tell about the baking temperature?
she doesn't show the temperature to bake?
What's the play if you don't have a blow torch?
At what temperature?
What temp do you set the oven to?
I have whipping cream which is already sweet . Can i use that?
Mrs.Olson, what brand torch would you recommend? Thank you in advance!
What can I use instead of a kitchen torch?
How much cream went into the pan?
How many brulee's does this recipe make please. I need 6
How much whipping cream ...?..
Is 3/4 cup too much sugar?
Is it possible to use vanilla powder instead of vanilla bean paste? Or is it Just for the flavour?
Can I use 25% fat cream?
If I can't buy whipping cream,  what is a good substitute? Heavy cream?
What size is the ramekins
Hi Anna, what's that brand of round porcelain ramekin you use? I can't seem to find it. Thanks.
What if you dont have that kitchen torch?
You made that look really simple, what would really go wrong? Some people make it harder to make that it really is.
I went over and over this in my mind. I followed your recipe to the letter. After chilling all night, it is soup. What could I have done wrong??
If I want to replace the sugar with sugreefree sweetner , how much shall I add ? Same or less ?
I got a lot of foam  Is it okay?!? It didnt finish yet ぃぃ
how much is "a lot of whipping cream?"
but i don't have a blowtorch.. so how?
How much cream
How many cups of the whipping cream?
Sadly Im not having a good outcome with custards and I feel Im very meticulous about following directions. My custards either come out scrambled, even though I temper the eggs to the cream, and then I had one batch come out of oven with quite a bit of water underneath the top layer of custard. Could it be an issue that I use a counter top oven? (Cuisinart) I know not to use the convection mode, just bake.maybe these dont have accurate temp setting like a large oven? Anyway, would love some trouble shooting from you...thanks!!
Who here watches the dish because of Markiplier Makes or just a viewer viewing creme brulee
Can I use whole milk instead
Is it better to use regular or heavy whipping cream for creme brulee?
What is the temperature of oven
Is the water hot or cold?
Do you need to use the vanilla bean or can you use extract
can you eat it warm?
Hi! Do you now where I can buy torch like that https://youtu.be/w9rwy3ZZ3f4 ?
What does heating the cream do?
If I use vanilla extract, how much would I use for this specific recipe to replace the vanilla bean?
for some reason they just wont set in the oven! i have them in the oven for over an hour now and they are still runny there was also lots of froth before baking which i skimmed and de-bubbled them like you said but they are not setting in the oven what did i do wrong?
Can I use vanilla extract instead of vanilla bean?
Should hot or cold water be used for the water bath? Does the temperature of the water make a difference in the result?
Hi dear anna:I have a question? The first thing that you put it inside for making cream br没l茅e, what was it?was it vanilling cream or simple milk?
im little confused with the cooling time. should i remove the creme burlee out of the water bath? and chill in fridge after it cools down little from the oven? thanks
Did you really have to smash that spoon into it at the end?
Hi please tell me could i bake it in cake tin. Not separately. ????
How? How, I ask you, young lady, are you so thin, with lovely skin and not diabetic from all these yummies you are making? :) lolz! Great channel!
How much whipping cream did you use? What is the temperature to bake the cr猫me br没l茅e?
Is there a difference between whipping cream and heavy whipping cream? I've made creme br没l茅e 3 times and the first 2 were perfect but last time I tried a very similar recipe to this one and it was fluffy and had an awful taste, not sure what exactly went wrong
can i substitute some % of the cream with milk?
what if we don't have kitchen torch? is there any other means for caramelizing sugar