On this speed square! can I circle 18" and cut off ? Help me guys i always strangle when I'm making speaker Box
How can I draw and cut of 18" inches circle using speed square? Please
Great video! A suggestion, can you tell how to make the perfect cuts (using the speed square tool) to build a "Z" structure for several uses? ... like a gate or  outside shutter...
Why oh why isn't there a speed square for dummies book?
What is the supplementary angle for now? Seriously. My blue book is too vague.
Is the complementary angles to butt two boards together flush with no gap, what is going on here what? And where do you cut it how do you cut it?
Im making a deck with a sloped top railing, so people can rest on it. How would a speed square help to make the sloped miter corner? Its a tricky cut. I think its called a cheek cut.
How or where to buy this tool
I love it. It would have been so handy in my youth as a carpenter apprentice and learning how to do roof framing. Just one question, does it come in metric for the rest of us outside of the USA?
Or just use the level?
Where has this magic triangle been all my life?
Captain Crunch introducing the first 17 seconds...?!?
Since the diamond is at 3 1/2 inches does this assume 2 x 4 framing?
HOW THE HECK DO YOU CALL A TRIANGLE A SQUARE ??
If I need to rip a piece of lumbar and do not have a chalk line, can I use the scribe line? or would that be a bad choice because many pieces of lumbar have curves and bends?
Plum Bob Speed Square, isn't that a cartoon character??
Where were you 45 years ago when I could have used this information
How do you lay out your rafter notches if you are using 2X6's for your framing lumber?
Do you have a triangle with Fahrenheit unit?
are they in metric?
first trick is neat, but if you have a level anyway, why are you bothering making that much work?
1st trick, can't you just use the level to do the same thing?
I've had a speed square for 15-20 yrs but have never needed it for pitch. Just wondering where you get the 12, eg 6-12, 7-12, 8-12, etc. what you mentioned. Is it a constant value of 12 and does that represent 12"? So a 7-12 = 7" every 12"??  Didn't realize that you could do so much with a speed square.
what about a level
Did you see him hide the  line on the left side of the  door so it would become level.    Looks like a level is the better bet.
How many roofs have you stacked?
What do you mean 7inch pitch or a 6inch pitch? The pitch of a roof is in degrees  You don't need a speed square to pitch a roof All that is required is a level and mathematic  Valleys and ridges is the pitch and 45 degree cut
I thought there was a rule that says a birdsmouth shouldn't penetrate its rafter by more than one third?
Can someone tell me the difference between square and plumb...I'm not to bright...
How the heck do you remember all this stuff?
Call me stupid (many do with reason) but why not just use the level to find your level line... instead of all the hassle of using a plumb and a speed square?
Have you heard of the new squaring system by boss hammer? I think it goes into production in November.
WTF is an inch?   it is 2019... you are landing booster rocket stages back to earth ... on their arses :)))
If you don't have a plumb Bob can you use a meatball with a piece of spaghetti?
Nice video. Have you done one for the framing square?
What is the benefit off using common pitch ratio over standard degree's?
Who the hell has a plumb bob and a speed square but no level...? lol
I wonder if Eminem knows his father has a woodworking YouTube channel.
Where did you find the "maker" t-shirt?
so technically speaking, "huh?"
i only use the square for 90 and 45 degrees marking :D this was informative. a question though. in the beginning you said it was straight when measuring with that small leveler, cause it was between the lines. but how accurate is that small leveler? i mean if you have checked the line with a 3m leveler or laser. would it be as accurate?
Instead of using the plumb bob and speed square to get a level line, why don't you just use the level???
Hi Justin, I'm from Brazil and I need to know what this 6 by 12 measure means. Here we use the metric system, has how do I adapt this to the metric. My American friend, brought from the US a Speed ​​Square to me and I would like tô use this tool for framing here. can you help me please?
A Sharpie to mark the material? I see a lot of stain-blocking primer in your future. Why?
Thanks man...great info! 👍 Is the Swanson speed square the one to have? I’ve bought two speed squares in the past and they were so roughly built that the stupid thins weren’t even perfectly square. Trying to find a good one...
Where can I get one from & how much will it cost? Many Thanks Rob
Why is it called a Speed Square when it looks like a Speed Triangle ?
There is also a 12" speed square. Which one is best ? Is bigger better?
Question; At the 5:30 mark you mentioned the top of the rafter goes through the 6" mark (from the pivot point). Now, couldn't this number easily become fudged? Couldn't you simply over/under pivot the square so the top of the rafter is reading at the 5" or 7" mark? How could you prevent an issue like that occurring if say, your working on a previously existing rafter?
How do you have your air tools mounted under that shelf?
Are you a teacher?..you should be one. If I had you in high school shop I would of never skipped it. Learnt about a tool i've owned for years...Thanks.
So when you say the 30 degree mark goes through the edge for example, is it not exactly on the edge but just below the edge? It looked from the camera angle that the line (which ever number you were using) was actually below the edge. Or am I mistaken? Just need a bit of clarification. Thanks for the video!
Why not just use a level? It's easier
What is a "6, 12 roof" ?
Should the inch have been divisible, or based on 3, 12 parts to an inch? Instead of 8, 16, 32 etc? Think about it. What do you say?
do you have any videos on how to mark and cut valley rafters? just subscribed
How did u mount your metal racks on the wall
can you do a video on hip valley rafter layout with speed square?
Nice!! Out of curiosity, do you guys ever use the squares with the pivoting arms on them that you can set to whatever pitch you're doing?