honey most of your links gives back errors? =(
Hi how many inches you chose between each button?
As long as you like it that's ok, but if you pay a professional and it looks like the one you just did,  will you pay that person and be happy the way it looks? To be honest that look CHEAP and AWFUL. learn the craft and then teach others how to do it the right way and learn how to use a drill. Thanks!!
What kind of staple gun was used and what inch staple
I love it <3 does any fabric goes with tufted headboard??
This is pretty i wish i could just pay someone to do mine for me. What did you use as a bedrails? My bedroom set is black
How do you attach it to the bed?
Is the fabric grey or a tan color because the link you provided say taupe ?
where u buy the frabic at and what size is it for how much the yards
I love it.  my one question.  I'm having a hard time with measurements.  what should be my measurements when going to home depot to purchase the plywood?  I want it to be the same width and height as yours.  sorry for such a dumb question. that's the problem I'm running into right now
Hey! Do you remember the color of the fabric you used?
Did you purchase the 20" diamonds from amazon ?
How many buttons did you have in total and how man inches did you do them apart ? #GreatJob #Loveit
how go u attach the bed to the headboard?
Can you show how you attach it to the wall or to the bed. No one ever shows this step!!!
I am making mine this weekend. How did u attach the legs?
omg i love this only question i have is what size wood did you buy? im thinking to do a king size head board but wasnt sure what size of the wood i will need.
how many types of fabric did you have? I see one but I thought I read 2 down below..super awesome,  btw!
Someone was on here asking about the headboard size?  Hope this helps♡♡ * 1/2 plywood   * headboard dimensions
Did you connect your bed rails to it or just let it lean against the wall ?
How did you put the legs on? Just nailed it! The nails won't poke through the headboard?
Where did you get the foam?
Hello there, wow I'm so glad we found this video. Very useful. May I know how you can be reached for a very important inquiry? Thanks
great job! what kind of staple pattern did you use to keep the buttons down?
I love it!! How long did it take?
Hi love your way of doing it thank you for uploading. I have a few question why did you put 2 fabrics is there any difference? Do you think i can glue the foam to the board with hot glue?
How did you do the measurements for the buttons
Is this for a queen size? & if so what size is your wooden board? Loved this DIYS , new subbie!!
I actually have a couple questions =) I currently have a MALM ikea bed frame this it it for reference. ( http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S69009475/)  and I want to change it. I saw in some DIY that I can add height to it with adding some extra wood on top and then covering it up.  I know that Ikea wood is cheap to do you think i can drill holes in it to do the buttons ? and what kind of fabric did you use?  how much  fabric do you recommend for a queen size bed? Thanks in advance.
What measurement plywood did u use??? And is it a queen size bed
loving your headboard, you did such an amazing job 😊. what is the measurements (L/W)  for your headboard?
You did a great job but do to attach the rail to the head board or is the bed just pushed up against it?
Hi CARESS , I plan on doing this headboard but I wanted to ask you for the specific name or color you used for your velvet fabric? I LOVE THAT COLOR! I want it mine exactly like yours... Thanks for posting this video!
i wanted to know if you have a metal bed frame and of so how did you attach the headboard to the metal frame? I am  in love with this headboard OMG ! thanks for this great tutorial
Beautiful color choice.  What size bed was the headboard made for?
What size bed does the headboard fit?  Also, what are the dimensions of your plywood, batting and fabric?  Thanks and side note...you did a Wonderful JOB!
Great tutorial! What size did you use? and where did you get your bed rails and everything else to hold up your bed?
Hey! Your headboard looks amazing! I am about to start on mine pretty soon and your video has been very helpful! I was just wondering what size your bed is? Mine is a king and I'm afraid the fabric HL has available won't be long enough once I start tufting.