Thank you for this tutorial is there any way it can be made thicker than shown on the video?
Wheres the philipines tho?
omg why did this show up in my recommended?? this is so old they're little baby youtubers!!
Where the fuck is Sicily guys
Are you guys ok you look so depressed or just out of it
why she look like she about to cry the whole time
What if you want to go to Philippines?
How can I print it? My printer is printing all funky!
Has anyone painted this with succes? I wonder if it doesn't get to dry and fall apart...
Hi, wondering how many mm is the cork you bought?
Am I the only one who has noticed that they didn't put Wales on the UK? Me being from Wales this has really bugged me 😠
Love this project! And just out of curiosity where are you guys from?
where is the Philippines
Can you spray paint it?
Hello can u share the link that you used to print out the map?
I looked on your blog and the map that you created is it still there?
absolutely love this! quick question: will it leave a mark on the wall when you take it off?
why does it look like they were crying :(
What happened to Tasmania?!
wouldn't it be easier to just use a pair of good scissors to cut out the cork?
Where's Iceland? Great DIY project, though.
Love this!  What if I don't find any corkboard? What other material can you suggest?
Do you think you could do a another cork diy?
Love the concept. However, I'm moving quite a lot - is it possible to remove the map from your wall and after that re-use it on another wall (without it falling apart haha)?
Where can you buy it in the California, USA? What kind of cork board does it have to be?
How did you pin the cork to the wall? Mine keeps falling off :(
if you stick it to the wall, is it possible to take it off?
mmmm where is PUERTO RICO????????
what are the dimensions of the cork?
How do you purchase the cork board if you live in Australia. I tried but it didn't seem to work. Does anyone in Australia know where to get plain cork board rolls from, many thanks :)
where is the phlippines??? love ur vids
How much space did you end up using for the map on the wall? I really want to do this but I am not sure if your measurements are to big for my wall :-) please answer xx Hanna
HOW DO YOU HAVE THAT IMAGE PF THE WORLD?
My boyfriend has a huge, brand new, framed corkboard in his room that he doesn't use. He's been wanting a world map. Do you think I could do this on a board that's already framed? Just cut out the excess?
I did this DIY and I really love it. However, mine keeps falling off. I didn't want to use a permanent tape because I just painted my walls so I used command strips. Should I use a permanent tape? How is yours holding up?
I hope you ladies see this Uncommon Goods dot com - Search: scratch-map  It's kind of the same idea, but the locations are already labeled. Is there ANY way to DIY this?  Please thumbs up so they see this, I'd rather not spend $30 with shipping etc.
Can I ask you what website you guys use for your blog?
Did you mark Croatia?? I live there! :D Amazing DIY, as always! <3
what about foam core. Look it up. It should be a good replacement for cork :)
Is there anything besides cork you can think of that would work cause I LOVE this idea just not the cork part lol...so any thoughts?
how does it look though b/c the pins are standing perpendicular to the cork... so you can't even read the flags?!
If we do this thing which is the hashtag we can send it to?
Can you guys please do a tutorial for terrariums??
About how big did yours end up being when you spaced it all out on your wall? I think I want to try using your measurements, but I don't really know how big it will end up? Thanks!
If I spray paint the cork will I still be able to pin it?
you traveled to greece?
Where is Puerto Rico?
i been wanting this.... Can you paint the cork? is there special paint, does it matter?
Where is Tasmania?????