Why butter and cheese if you have a vegetarian involved?
HOW MANY DOES THIS SERVE AS A MAIN?
My bf doesn't like spinach, what can I use instead?
For me this is traditionally called burek, do you guys think you could make it with ground meat and onions?
do vegeterians eat cheese and butter? if you have vegeterian friends you should ask them first about dairy products :)
Nice :O The picture really reminded me of börek - couldn't you make that next time? I love them with either spinach or potato - great vegetarian treat ;-)
did a search for filbie green lentils...zero. are those pigeon peas?
You drained the rice??!! I didn't know you could do that! I always struggle with finding the exact amount of water so as to not make it too soggy or too dry!
LEMON JUICE IN A BOTTLE?!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :/
You guys ever sit down before eating?
This looks so good.. What kind of lentils were those?
Why melted butter on top and not egg wash?
Can I substitute the goats cheese with something non-dairy? Egg maybe?
How did I get here from earwax cleaning videos?
Can you please make some vegan recipes
could u guys make something using gluten free flours?? it's really difficult to bake with food allergies but being gluten intolerant is probably the hardest because most gluten free flours have weird tastes and it's difficult to balance them out!!! thank you even if you just look at my comment and consider it😊
+SORTEDfood what would be a good substitute for the cheese? Dairy free? Thanks great vid 👍🏼
Can you please make a polish dish like Pierogi or Gołąbki or Bigos or Maultaschen (Maultaschen are from Germany)
Absolutely adorable! Did Mike ever get the words out?
Am I the only one who low-key wants to marry Ben? I mean he can cook ladies..
Dear Ben and James, are there recipes that use only rice cooker? Thanks. :D
Did you "sort" it???? I don't know if this was "Sorted" or not????
my question is what kind of meat can i put in this if i am completely against vegetarian meals for myself?
Can we start shipping Ben x Mike now?? Or am I late??
Is it just me, or was that whole bit where Ben fed Mike the filling and he got excited about knowing about the lemon kinda..   ..Ben x Mike? Am I dreaming..
If I don't want to use oil or butter to brush my layers of phyllo, what else can I use?
This dude again! He looks like he could be Barry's brother but they never addressed his presence! Who is he? Lol
is it just me or mike is getting more undeniable ?? need more mike in my screen!!!!!!
Can i just make a regular pie? this one feels a little... turd-ish
Did Ben punch Mike off camera when Mike made the joke about the audience not holding them to high standards? I have a feeling that Ben would've punched him...He's such a perfectionist.
Any tips for other cheeses to use if you don't like feta?
Ah isn't butter not vegetarian? I'm curious if anyone knows the anwser.
Will the quantities still work if I don't use lentils? Or is there an alternative ingredient I could use, something simple like a red pepper?
Why do you use coriander in almost every recipe? I can't stand it, it tastes like the liquid for cleaning floors :'( Anyway, I love the show. Greetings from Spain!!! <3
Isn't it spinakopita ? But I agree, I've been eating it since I'm 3 and it is DELICIOUS
Any alternatives to feta cheese and lentils?
I wanna see this dang gadget show! Was this a Uk thing? I wanna feel like a proud Soccer mom too! D:
Could I add chicken to this to make it non-vegetarian?
For the veg stock what mire poix did you guys use?
vegetarian? mike's history? It's Grace Helbig isn't it! You go mike!
Why was everyone  wearing black? I type that while wearing a black batman shirt and black sweat pants
Can you do something for a hang over its my 18th on Thursday and I have a feeling I might need a hangover cure please. Love you guys soooooooooooooooooooooo much 😂😊
What's an equivalent of a filo pastry that you can get in America? I've never heard or seen one of those.
who's the new guy?
What has happened to SORTEDfood brazil????
You said you where realists but I need to ask: left realism or right realism or am I just applying sociology to a video about lovely veggie food where it doesn't need to be applied?
Did this look like a giant spliff to anyone else??
Are you guys planning on bringing back a new series of Big Night in at some point? I'm loving all the videos but I used to really like making something for my group of friends for the weekend before a big NBA game or an N64 night or something and they certainly impressed!
Out of pure interest, how tall are each of you?
delicious what can you use instead of lentils?