Is there a reason the price stickers are left on?
love this idea! how can you change out the ribbon though? without messing up the ones on there...tia can't wait to see more of your videos😄
I have a small foyer, a fire place and a sitting area. I really want to know how to maximize that space and decorate it year round. What would you have as some suggestions?
Nice Nikki!  So the glue gun sticks?  I've seen others use glue. Maybe because it was glass over glass.
Was there a reason u left the sticker on the bottom of the glasses before you glued the candlestick to it?
why didn't you take the paper off the bottom?
NIKKI, hey friend! I'm doing a cupcake tower and candy bar for my parents 40th Wedding Anniversary next month. I'm so nervous cus I want it to be perfect. Any addtl. tips? What's a estimated budget for what you did in this video? Thanks in advance.
hi, where do you purchase your candy?
Thanks for sharing! Are you a military wife? Me too!
Question, was that paper sticker on the bottom of the glass? I notice that all of the candle sticks were held to the sticker? Was that intentional?
Can I use glass candle lovers instead? Would i still use the e600 glue? I love this idea.  Im trying to make this for my babyshower xandy buffet.. although what i already have is the glass candle lovers.. i also went online and still searching for beads.. thanks a bunch!!
Nikki, Will you be doing a video of an Easter candy bar? I host a monthly themed luncheon for my friends in my home and I'd love to see more of your videos on that topic. Thank you for your videos. I look forward to making a cup of tea and sitting down to enjoy them. God bless.
I am here in North Charleston,  South Carolina! Do you do any local classes?
What a great idea.  I'm afraid I would gain 10 pounds by having that candy out all the time.  lol  Can you please show us how you do the tags?  Also in one of your videos you showed a decorative paper clip with bling on the top.  Can you show us how you did that?  I'd love to learn!  Thanks for sharing all of your secrets! <3
Hi Nikki, is it easy to remove the hot glue when you are ready to change décor?
Hi Nikki, are you going to do a candy bar for Easter/Spring? Same idea but different colors? Love your videos
is it a tradition in America or is it a tradition only your family does? ( the candy-bar)  I LOVE this idea!!! :)
love this idea! Does the ribbon come off easy to change for the seasons?  I am making my list for Michaeils now!
whst is your blog called?
I love the idea! Im gonna try a kid friendly version of this and will see if I can post it here. Quick question though: how do you glue the ribbon without it sticking to the glass? Or does the glue pop off if you push on it when its cold? Im not sure how to proceed with that part.