What was the discount code for this??
Watched a couple times did not hear coupon ?
I wonder what caused her ance to flare up so bad here. It's usaually not this bad.
0:05 What the... Wath is with youre face!? Like that's the first thing that i saw in the intro
I can’t wait to watch all your vids! You have a similar personality to me so your teaching method appeals. Have a great day. Are you in the military? I just wondered due to the royal reference ans what you are wearing =) xxx
What on your Face?
What is the elternative for cream tarter
But was the actual coupon code ever shared??
So on the subject of stand mixers... KitchenAid is very nice, but not in my budget right yet. I've found several other brands in a better price range, but not sure which size to buy. Any one have any suggestions?
I dont even make soap or have ever been Interested in making soap yet I've watched almost alll of your videos because of your craft but mainly for your funny personality! I've fallen in loveeeee with u! Also anyone else think these bars look like cookies and just wanaa bite em!?! Or am I just fat lolol
What is the ingredients please !
Is the bubble bar recipe SLS SLSA free.
do you still make these? any chance youll re film this with your leveled up filming skills?
Omg how old were you here? 💖💖
Is there still a coupon code for the recipe? I didn’t hear her say it in the video
Do you mind me asking where you got your sealing machine????  I just want a small simple one like yours, not a whole production one LOL
Can this be moulded in a mooncake press rather than rolled?
I made this recipe and I used a pink pigment and white swirl pattern - the white swirl turned gray, has that happened to anyone??
Why ar there so many hate comments about Acne?
Considering the consistency why wouldn't you toss it in the fridge to harden before shaping it? It looks like cookie dough. I usually toss dough in the fridge since it melts in your hands. If your bubbly bar was cold you can shape it better. Also you can buy a heat gun cheap at harbor freight cheaper without shipping costs.
I've seen all of your newer videos and here I am leaking into the older ones... my only question is WHERE DID THIS CUTE JUMPSUIT GO???
Why tf is everyone talking about her acne
Why u scream ?
What 4 letter Company is she talking about?
I am curious to see how these bubble bars work.  Is there another video showing how they lather?  Great video though, I love your channel!
Do you sell these??
Terrell?? Dang girl! I am your neighbor 😁 Howdy from Canton Texas!
what is it with all these comments saying she's still beautiful even without makeup i haven't seen atleast 1 hate comment
Why were you so against saying Lush? Lol, just curious.
I'm not sure what bubble bars are? Are they actual bars of soap? Are they made with lye? I too wish she would have put them in water...but as usual a great video as all your others are.
So I’m probably the only person that has no clue about bubble bars... I’m wondering how you use this? Do you just break a bit off and throw it in your tub? Do you need to use the whole bar? How do they work?
Is it weird that I have an urge to eat that
Am I the only one who has trouble getting off the wrapper?? Like, it's hard??  No hate intended im talking about in general
who is that 4 letter company?
What’s the difference between bubble bars and bath bombs? I keep trying to find videos of poeple using just the bubble bars on instagram and I’ve found nothing ;-;
What is your opinion on ppl who make MP soaps only in their business plus making candles and Melts plus other 100% Natural products. ?
Damn.....why can't my eyes look like that?!?😭😜
Can you make fall bubble bars?
I've seen about 60 comments freaking out about "all the hate comments" and not a single actual hate comment???
What is on your face?
Am I the only one who thinks when people take the time to tell you you look beautiful to be nice when you’re OBVIOUSLY not having your most beautiful day that it really only draws more attention to the fact that you’re not having your most beautiful day? It’s like they assumed I cared and I was bothered by my appearance or that I really take others’ opinions that much to heart that it’s all I can manage to think about so I need their reassurance. I get they’re just trying to be nice though, so I will never complain, just throwing it out there. That’s me. 😬 On behalf of all the insecure individuals, thanks for being so courageous and showing the world you don’t give a heck. I love your videos!
Do you have a brother that makes videos
Did you go to school to learn how to make soap or did you learn by trial and error?
Hi! Do you have to put these in the fridge at all? Would that help the bars hold together a little better?
Can you use your KITCHEN Kitchenaid with the SLSA & Poly-80? (ie, still use it for food after)
Also, once the pdf is purchased are you allowed to sell bars made from her recipe?
Does this recipe contain surfactants?
why is there a war in the comment section?
After testing out the bubble bar I noticed it didn't color the bath water! Would anyone happen to know why this might be? It's oil based mica so should I have activated it in some oil before adding it to the mixture?
Thanks!  I can't wait to buy this recipe.  I was wondering if you would show us one in water?  Are these the same as bath bombs?  You are amazing and soooo much fun to learn from.  Keep up the good work!!
is that a Nevada pin
I'm not sure how I feel about putting candle fragrance in bubble     bar???..???
Is it wrong that i wanna eat that? Its almost like tide pods
I'm not trying to be rude but did something happen to her face or is that acne? If that's acne, why would anyone use her soap recipes?
Will the soap bar still work if you used the bars before they were dry? Like crumbling the doughy soap into the tub, etc..? That cookie dough texture is really appealing to me! Kinda like kinetic sand, lol...
Why are cooks so mean? THEY BEAT THE EGGS AND WHIP THE CREAM
what is that background noise? sounds like waves or something. really annoying
What product do you use for your acne because my acne is starting to pattern out in the same area around my chin.
Is there a connection to this soap and acne?  I am not trying to be crass but, if she uses her own product and suffers from acne maybe there is a connection or reaction she is having.
How do you market these bars? More as a soap, or a bath bomb, or bubble bath? I think they are so fun, but if someone has never seen one before , as a customer at a craft show, whats a fun way to describe them?
Does the heat gun for shrink wrapping not melt the bubble bars and soaps?
Why are people talking about anything other than bubble bars? Weird priorities.
Cosmetic grade glitter... is that the same as loose glitter for your eyes?
Does the mica stain bath tubs?
Is the glycerine powder or liquid
Do you really have to wrap them in plastic or will they still stay good/fresh if you don't?
Can everyone just stop commenting about her face overall? Sheesh
Am I the only one that clicked on this thinking it was food? Now the bubble in the title makes sense haha It looked so yummy.
Is the four letter company Lush?
why are u yelling? ---
You are so so pretty! I'm just wondering though, what happened to your face(I'm sorry if this sounds rude I'm not trying to be!) is it acney? I don't mind it! I have a weird thing for acney faces.I'm sorry! This sounds so rude but I don't mean it to be seriously.
how do you prevent crackage?
This recipe is 30$ Canadian?!?!!?!!? Wtf
where did you get the shrink wrap sealer?
awesome recipe! im so glad you made these! would you recommend this for a beginner soap maker?
I love your videos.........but I want to know what to do if I got nasty pimples or as some would call it zits? Cause I always get zits only on one side of my face and my parents tell me to leave the thing alone but I always end up getting deep scars even without touching it..........can you give me advice or point me to a video you have done?
Hi Dear, Where Did you purchase your shrink bags and shrink sealer from? I really need to know that I may purchase them. Thank You,  Kimm
How long are they good for in humid temperatures if not packaged or wrapped?
Why can't she just tell us the ingredients
Im really not trying to be mean, but do u have acne or something? ( Dont worry i do too )
When I use mica powders in the bath it just sits on the top of the water & generally  makes a mess. Is yours a special type of mica or do you add something to make it disperse better?
Can you replicate the scent from the lush bubble bar 'the comforter'? it's amazing! i would totally buy this in soap form!!
Are you British ? Because it's a British word I thought you misspelled shit .. Thought it was a typo😂
would this coupon be used on your total order or just this recipe?
bishhhh wheres the drop ????
What happened to her face it wasn't like that before
I'm on a facebook group for soap and they suggested you, do u have a beginners video I can watch?
Does the Mica change the color of your water or not so much?
Quick question:  this coupon doesn't work for some reason has it expired?
How are you so beautiful?!? I love you!! I wish I could be as confident as you are! You are a inspiration to me, because you don't let all this hate get to you! Forget the haters, beauty is in your personality and your looks are just a bonus! Stay beautiful! ❤️
When did it become a sin to not wear makeup????? She can do whatever she wants, shes beautiful how she is.
if I wanted to add sodium Lactate cam I subtract the amount from my glycerine?
in the description, why did you put "L*SH"?
I watched this video all the way through and I didn't get the discount code to purchase the recipe.  Can you share that code again?
I've watched this three times.. Why can't I find the coupon?! :S
What is the machine you used to seal the baggies at the end?
i know the recipe is copyrighted, and thats FINE. can you or someone else who purchased the recipe just tell me IF this recipe has SLSA? im looking for possible alternatives and dont want.to purchase this recipe if it includes it. thanks!
how much did this cost compared to other recipes?
There are no comments? How can there be no comments on this awesome video!? lol!
Hi Katie love your videos😊 where is the code for the percentage? I didn't hear you say it. Would you please tell me so I can buy her recipe
Oops...did I miss the coupon code? Golly...
Thanks for another very informative video.  Tell me, what exactly is the difference btwn bubble bars and bath bombs?  Which is easier to make (I hear bath bombs are quite temperamental)?  Is it just the texture/shape that's different?  They seem very similar to me but I've been reluctant to try bath bombs because I've seen so many people say what a pain they are to make.  This doesn't look so hard.
Do you use your soap? Does it affect your face like that? no rudeness intended!
whats your problem with lush? Its expensive because all their products are handmade with fresh ingredients and they actually pay their farmers and workers a decent amount. Not to mention how much charity work and awareness events that they do.
Will you be selling these?
Darling why are u struggling with your skin ? Stop using soap products and slap some olive oil on your face to tame the sebum beasts.  Love ur videos !  G'day from W.A ( Western Australia)
Hi Katie, Where did you get your shrink wrap sealer? I want one for my birthday!
In addition to the recipe that you purchased, how much did it all the supplies cost to make this?
Could you please show the bars in action, the amount of bubbles you get from these bars.
Wait, what's the coupon code?
Did i miss the discount code
Watching you make soaps and stuff is so satisfying to watch!!   Does anyone know of a good way to promote a new channel without being too pushy or annoying? I hate to be that person, but I would love to get my channel out there!
Have you actually used one in the tub? Are the bubbles as soft and long lasting as the L*SH bubble bars?
I believe this could be treated like cookie dough. Some doughs are rolled into a log and chilled before they're cut. Do you think refrigeration would make it easier to cut?