Sorry, when do you add in yeast? Confused
Hallo, link http://fourspoonsglutenfreerecipes.com/ is lost...??? Can you help me? Because her recipes looks soooo good!
Any chance you could explain how hot the oven is when it's just the water in it? Many thanks for what looks like a very yummy recipe, we have two coeliacs in our household and really appreciate being able to still enjoy treats like this, your video is also very easy to follow with great music 😊
Can we get written recipes with the video please
where did you go Nicole? your website is down...
what's up with the gluten free stuff?
Is it possible to replace the eggs in this recipe to make it vegan as well?
Is it ok to store dry yeast like this? We always buy ones in little sachets (to make bread in the breadmaker) and my mum tells me to use however much I need and then throw away what's left if the sachet bc it'll lose its power if not in a vacuum packaging.
Is there an alternative to tapioca starch. Tapioca starch is really bad for you.
What is a gluten?
Is this lovely being Canadian? I'm trying to place the accent and I'm not quite sure.  Wonderful hot buns. ;)
can I use flax meal instead of pysllium husk?
What is this "gluten free" stuff, why does it exist and why does it get supported?
Are these like bread or more towards some sort of cake?
I have a gluten free flour blend in my cupboard, would that work in place of the tapioca starch and brown rice flour? And does anyone in the UK have a tip for somewhere cheapish to get the psyllium husk? I looked on Holland and Barrett and it's rather pricey! Thanks for the recipe, it's my first gluten free Easter and I miss hot cross buns so much!
be any more attractive?!
What is the difference between currants & raisins? Or is it the same thing?
Can I make these with flour? And, you know... just knead it as I do most things with flour?
How is it gluten free if you're using flour near the end?
Would love to try them! Any ideas on what would be a good substitue for eggs to make them vegan?
Why not just use gluten free flour...? O_o
why do gluten free? i don't understand
How could I replace psyllium husk? Thanks
Doesn't flour have gluten cause u roll the dough out with flour
5:36 - No Gloves? I bet those burns are still hurting  Kiddings aside, looks delicious, looking forward to making them home :)
traditional ..Where? Sorry, but I've never seen them before, They look tasty anyway:D
how can she use grams (of water) in one step, and a minute later ml (of water) ?????
Why is gluten free so popular now? Gluten is't bad, unless you have gluten allergy
can u make these vegan?
No gluten but you roll it up in flower?
Can you use chocolate instead of raisins? :)