This is likely a dumb question, but here I am: How do I know where the discharge lets out? I have some pipes outside the house for furnace exhaust, etc. I'm sure it's one of those, but it's just discharging back around the foundation if that's the case. Should it be a certain distance from the house, or as long as it's out of the pit, it's fine?
Why no primer before the glue on the pipe?
How do you drain the water from the current sub pump
How long ago was the pump being replaced installed?  Bad switch the cause of having to replace it ?  Would you recommend the Zoeller or Liberty pumps for reliability?  Which model ?  Thanks, great video
Does the main water line to the house need to be turned off before replacing a sump pump? As I understand it, the black pipes leading to the sump pump are drains so as long as someone is not using a utility sink or something that would drain to the sump the main water line being on should not cause an issue during installation.
Do I have to turn off the water before changing the sump???
Why don't you use PVC pipe cleaner before applying PVC pipe adhesive?
Great video and instruction!  Just a question: should you run water into the sump to make sure the switch works?
Great info, but what's up with no water running in when trying to install? How's that work? lol. Mine would at least be over half full by the time of this video. We want to see you having to wrestle with the water at the same time.
Can the check valve be installed horizontally? My pipes runs horizontal before it goes up vertically
I just had a couple of questions.   1. Do we have to apply Teflon tape to the male adapter before we connect it to the sump pump?  2. Do we need to clean the pvc pipe with the pvc pipe cleaner then use the pvc glue to attach the pipe to the male adapter?   It would be a great help to get answers for these. Thank you.
so part of bottom power cord always soaks in the water?
Why no primer before gluing     isn`t it code to use primer then glue?
Good video. Who is the background music by?
I have a question. I have two clean water sump pumps and one for the sink, washer, and toilet. I think the one to the toilet is sealed. I am pretty sure we had to take off bolts to take the top off. Is this a different sump pump from the two groundwater sumps pumps that pump out the side of the house and on to the driveway? It still works but it will not always cut off. Just runs and runs so I have to turn it off manually. Now it is getting loud. Thanks
how much water should drain from the check valve?
A question on the flow direction on the check valve water flow. According to your video the flow is point to upward direction and what happens the flow direction is pointing downward?   Appreciate your answer! If it is convenient,  you can email me your reply. Thanks! Enjoyed yours video!
Did he use a new check valve? or the old one? He pulled a fitting off the top pipe, and the new check valve fit perfect....how did that happen if he used the old check valve???
U done a good job.. But Can a open gap from the  black ⚫ cover allowed mouse 2 get in ur House?
Anyone knows why water powered backup pump wont turn off? Any advice would be appreciated.
Our sump pump was replaced. The plumber placed the new pump on a paver block.  However, the paver block has been placed on mud and some gravel. Will the mud still clog the pump even though it rests on a paver block?
No primer on the pipe and fitting?
what sump pump lid it's shown on the video?