Who else thought the green one looked like an alien face when turned upside down? 👽
Can u make a folder out of rainbow looms
awsome........could you make a T-Rex head charm??????????????????????????????
Is there a way to do this without a loom
Can u tell me now how to make ut with three colours
4:43 I love the vid but could u not have given me that information a bit earlier!!!??!?!?!?
Is it possible to  make it on the monster tail?
can u use a double looped rubberband for the eyes instead of beads?
what is the difference between pony beads and beads
can i do a video of this but babies?
How do U make that little hairbow at the right hand top of the fuzzy ?
I don't have any beads so can u use rubber bands for the eyes?
How do you do this with loom bands instead of beads?
Just subbed!! Ur absolutely amaze balls!! Could I do it without pony beads?? I'm gonna try and see what it looks like. Plz follow me on Instagram!! I'm live_4_crafts!! Tysm!!
Can you make a video with a fuzzy wearing the head band
How do you do the headband?
How do you do the headband?
Why would you tell how to do the headband at the very end?!? I had to take everything off so I could do the headband cause the bands are under every other band!!!
how do you do three colors? Can you show it?
Cute. How do you make the hairy one though?
Do u do anything els for the headband fuzzy?
What are fuzzies? Never heard of them.
Can we any color pony beads? Also, is there any thing else we can use besides pony beads?
How do u make the headband one with the band on the head band?
HOW DO YOU DO THE RED FUZZY ONE?
can you do a tutorial on the red one with all the hair please :)
How do you make the one that has red rubber bands coming out from all sides?
Can you please make a tutorial on the red fuzzie one?
Adorable! How did you add the fuzzy hair around one of the faces? Is the detail on some of the headbands a band looped 4 times and threaded over one set of the headband double bands? :o)
How do you add the fuzzy hair around the face?