First off, AMAZING JOB AND VIDEO!  What type and form of acrylic paint did you use?  Spray? Brushable?  And if brushed, what consistency?  Thick, medium or thin?  Maybe just let me know the name, lol. Thanks.
When you do this, how do you prevent the voice coil from rubbing. Sometimes the voicecoil rubs after repair i assume because one side is more flexable than the other.
What type of glue and where can I get it?
Can u use silicone around a woofer? That has some smaller holes? And around the end of speakers
Have you tried a speaker like that RCA with a modern source? I’m just curious how they compare sonically. I’ve heard some that have a startlingly realistic presence in the range of the human voice.
Have you ever tried tea bag paper a idea I got from another you tube seems to work.
Where do you find the felt cover for the voice coils,I bought the blue you use also black and clear nail polish,and white glue all the different videos I have seen including clear and black silicone so I can have a lot of things to draw from ,I have a small hole to fix ,raising out a chaos I put a hole in the speaker,I wish someone would make a recording videos for recording it seems pretty involved .thanks.for your video,useful.
Have you ever seen a radio, etc, that had a speaker with that metal bell in the middle in a cabinet that had it front-firing instead of top-firing?... I was just thinking that maybe that bell is used in that configuration there in order to help disburse the sound more omni-directionally, since it is being projected upwards from the top of that tall cabinet... just a thought :-)
What if the rubbery ring around the perimeter that sticks out  a bit is shredded? Any way to fix that?
Why don't you just buy nice new speakers, is it really worth the time and effor to fix up fucked speakers?
It appears to only be available in the UK ?
Can a cone be the problem of a radio/phonograph not play??? The cone on my speaker looks even worse than yours. I am restoring an old Philco radio model 46-1201 code 125.
so its either an exact matched replacement cone or the nasty looking patch job?  Why not just use a new that is close enough to work?
Where can you buy the glue?
use tea bags? hehhehehehe
@bandersentv could they burn out?cuz i like to listen to the music wery loud :)
My plug(speakers jack) fails,i have two subwoofers,one failed on left side and one failed on the right side,how do i fix it?now my two woofers have only 1 speakerjack left of each :( HELP!
is there  a diference in using  the clear  tacky glue  instead  of  the one  that  you  are  using  in your  video ?? is  the clear  one suitable  for this  kind  of application ??
Nice job. Are you the janitor from scrubs? You sound like him. :P
Yes that´s rigth but this is cool too. J collect very old radios that´s the reason why I ask. Do you know in which this "device" was????
Do you know how old this very old speaker is (that´s the first generation of speakers)
Is that wood glue, i know if you mix that with water, you can do a similar thing, thanks for the vid, i have a set of old speakers, i would like to restore
Oh no - this will not work - coffee filters??
hey by the way  Is it possible to Connect to different speakers together? I mean I have the Right and left Speakers, but I dont have a subwoffer with the same brand of speakers. But i do have this other brand of subwoffer, but is it possible to connect it to the two speakers and still work properly?
okay I'm guessing they rip because they are old and because the music is loud. but once its ripped how do you know if its best to repair the speaker than to buy a new one?
Hi, what kind of Transformer is that? did you say Iso Tech?
Where can I get one? Can it be used all the time with an old radio?
I have a restored RCA 29K, Could I plug the radio into that sort of transformer so  I can run the radio at 110 volts? all the time?