Can I get a link for the Pokémon burner you are using?
Lots of oil, how do you recycle it?
Can I substitute something with brown sauce?
I wonder if the people who didn't like it, just couldn't find their own Charizard. The secret is to not be a hater
Why baking soda..?  Its not gopd for health
What happened to this guy? I heard he died
Raymond, are you ok...happy & healthy?
what those brown souce any one can tell me please thanks u😊
Which part of meat undercut?
Does anyone know why he didn’t add corn starch before refrigerating? And why he added it after the hour of marinating?
Will there be a taste difference using water vs the egg?
Is there a substitute for using the potato starch slurry? Can the same results be expected buy substituting with a cornstarch slurry? Thanks
Is there a substitute for using the potato starch slurry? Can the same results be expected buy substituting with a cornstarch slurry? Thanks
What type of beef meat is this ? Loin or??
Besides using vegetables oil...can we use olive oil??
Receipe was a hit made it last night and everyone thought I got it from a restaurant thank u so much 😘 do u have a receipe for make the restuarant style garlic green beans?
what type of oil to use ...peanut?
What kind of knife is that?
Does the using off eggs or water to soak the meat in  make a difference in the flavor?
How did you do the brown sauce thing please?
What a great and amusing cooking channel! I wonder why there is no more updates?
That looks so yummy :) can you do a video on how to make mushrooms in oyster sauce?
I have not made any more of this  but I have a question ,I have never tasted  what you call Hoisin sauce, so what does it taste like, Hot, sweet ,sour,  potent to a grimace ,what?  I really need to know because I can't do hot ,not very hot ,very mildly spicy.
Why do you cut at a 45 degree angle rather than just straight across the grain? Is it just so you can get bigger slices?
will this still turn out as good if you don't have a stove that has 125k-200k btu?
I wonder how Chinese -American folks cook with a wok at home. I wonder if my stove is capable of getting my wok hot enough?
Why baking soda?  does it tenderize the meat?
Is corn starch a suitable substitute for potato starch?
what cut of beef did you use? Is it okay to use cuts like chuck, will it still come out tender?
can you make a video for pepper steak
What is the purpose of the water?
can i use pork instead of beef? thanks
Is brown sauce alcoholic?
another awesome video! hey do you have a recipe for the Beijing beef that panda express has on their menu? thanks for sharing.
Why did you add so many ingredients, I think it just make it confusing
what do I do if I started with squirtle???
Do I have to use that kind of beef ?
Would it be nicer to add dried black fungus as well? :) Thanks for sharing the recipe! It look yummmm..
what happens if you don't put baking soda
Wow! Its so interesting:) but I would like to ask if the vegetables are too soft ?
What's the best beef to buy for this recipe?  Anyone??
can I just ask , is it ok to just do real garlic than garlic powder?? thanks
hi. can I replace baking soda with Meat tenderizer?
To cook the beef, can we boil it instead of fry it?
Can we do the boiling technique like you did with the chicken?
What cut of beed do you use for this?
Where is your parents restaurant located?
why you always mix cornstarch to the meat? what is the purpose?
how do you add a picture???? I wanted to share what mines look like after I followed your recipe!
what do you call the stove you got there? i wanna have that also...some poeple just dont know the art of cooking with high flame
What kind of meat are you using
How many servings are your videos geared for? And I have a large family and electric cook top. Can I cook enough in one batch for all?
Thanks for your post! I would love to learn from you as there's no official Chinese cooking school in America! I'm in culinary school right now and always wanted to learn what you do! Will you ever teach in person?
i wish to know the brand of the device you poke in oil to determine how many degrees it is. how much and where you bought it from? thanks
Do you own ur own resturant? haha i see them ice cream cups :)
Can I wok over a regular stove fire and get the same results? And where can I purchase a wok?
Why not use a whole eggs when coating the meat?
Why would you boil it after frying? That would make it soggier than it has to be.
What if i wanted to boil the beef instead? Would it work? and for how long?
what kind of wok do you use? also the strainer and that big wok spoon?
why deep fry the beef? is pan fry not work?
is the process the same for shrimp broccoli?
Hello i am your big fan, so would you please make a video with the Kung Pao chicken or beef? thanks
Where can I find potato starch
Do you follow the same way if it were shrimp and broccoli???
Never found how to make the brown sauce?
What kind of knife do you use? And how do you keep it so sharp?
i love your knife. what is it called?
could you use flour instead of cornstarch?
Your videos and recipes are amazing! Could you possibly make Panda Express Beijing Beef? I have tried a lot of recipes here on you tube on beijing beef and no one comes close but I have a feeling you could defeat it!
is the mongolian beef the same way?
Can you please add a chicken and broccoli video recipe. Thank and I hope you had a Merry Christmas
I want to make chicken and broccoli. Is the recipe the same except for the meat? Any changes?
Can you show shrimp with lobster sauce and lomein
Is baking soda bad for healt?
Hi, I just found your You tube channel, and loving it. Do you have recipes for substitute soy, and dark soy sauces?
What does the cornstarch do in the meat mixing process
When you make chicken and broccoli do you make it the same way with baking soda?
Is the method the same for shrimp with broccoli. Keep those great videos coming!!!! Also can't wait for fried dumplings
why potato starch instead of corn starch with water?
Where do I get one of those 1000 BTU Pokemon burners???  LOL!!!  You're funny!
Chicken w/ Broccoli recipe?????
does go a lenghty way to deep fry then put them in hot water to remove oil??? is it to obtain a better taste??? please tell me...I am a bit curious..:)
Why do you use baking soda? And is deep frying everything worth it for a better taste?
for pepper steak all i have to do is add onions and green bell peppers?
What about a Lobster Sauce/Shrimp with Lobster Sauce recipe? I've seen a bunch, and they're all off just a little bit... Is it something you've made or familiar with and could share?
do you use chicken breast or chicken tights?
Could you do a fried dumpling recipe? Awesome vids btw.
Love The Recipe But what happen the chicken with broccoli?
Mmm! Do you know how to make house chicken? My Chinese restaurant uses mushrooms and chicken. Its in a reddish spicy sweet sauce. I would love to know how to make it! I love your channel!
Do you make Mongolian Beef i've been looking for a good recipe and all of yours have been amazing thus far.
Why do you blanch the beef in water after you deep fry it?  I understand it gets rid of excess grease but wouldn't it also lose your nice crispy texture?
so first you fry the beef and broccoli to give it a crispy texture but then you boil it? WTF that doesn't make sense...looks good at the end tho
omg love you videos!!! what ethnic group are you from? just wondering