So, are you not allowed to use artificial coloring in sushi rice? because that's what I assumed he used at first when he showed the pink rice, but then I was surprised when he said he used raspberries. (Please don't be harsh with me, I don't know anything about sushi)
I recently bought a large piece of sushi grade salmon.  It is too much for me to eat within just 24 hours so if I were to cut it before defrosting would the undefrosted part still stay fresh?
Could you not just make a Maki roll with salmon and then color one side with the raspberries or wasabi?
wow...great looking sushi...can you post the link on different ways to roll your sushi ?? plz thank you
What nori do you use? Please answer.
I'm sitting here eating a massive plate of sushi, and then realized you hadn't posted any sushi videos latly. Planning an early retirement from that poached egg video?!?! Do a seaweed salad video!
Am I the only one that was being driven crazy by the pink spot on the cutting board?
Where do you get your nori and does it have to be sushi rice, or can it be just cooked rice
Davy Devaux , Really enjoy your videos. May be in Spain on visit...however, we are Jewish...so I can only use Kosher ingredients...do you have experience with Kosher? Thank you, Miriam
are you going to start uploading more regularly? just curious because you kind of upload whenever
Hi. I dont actually prefer raw food in my sushi. Other than tempura prawn or crab stick. Do you have any other dish that i can use in mu sushi? Thank you. You make a really cool video. Keep it going.
Excuse me, I love the knife in this video..... where I can buy it??? It's Miyabi..... but what's the name/series???? Thanks
I want to ask: Why is the salmon that you cutted bigger than the holes but it still fits and the sushi sliced comes out nicely ?
You were using a different knife this time. Why is that? The cuts in this video were a bit jagged.
i have a question chef devaux... is sushi supposed to taste really fishy?
Do you work/own a restaurant? And where do you live?
Love your vids! Where are you from :)?
My most exciting experience was scuba diving with my dad and just passing over nurse sharks and seeing all the different species and natural structures. Chef a question on your knives, in your older videos I saw you use a global yanagiba and what looked like a mercer blade. Unfortunately I am financially unable to purchase the miyabi blades. What is your personal opinion for the global and mercer as starting sashimi knives?
What is the green thing at 2:20?
I see you are using different knives?