This video is amazing by the way. How many reps of each exercise should we do ?
Was this a motivation video or a tutorial, Im not sure
Wtf? This channel has been around for so long?
How many reps of each exercise should you we do ?
Muscle shield? I don't it will be stopping bullets anytime soon
Should I do all these exercises in one workout
Can I do seat t rows in place of standing t-bar rows.
can you do the bent over row with dumbbells?
What on earth is blurred out at 1:56 ? what could possibly be there?
Aren't pull ups and cable pull downs the same?
Will pull ups help my deadlifts
Hey guys this is just a question for my curiousity. But do you think buff dudes are on roids? I just want to know if its really possible to look that way naturally. Let me know what you think thx.
question!!! do I do all 5 at once or do 3 of five every back workout day?? hmmm
so, ive always done the seated cable row, but with pully up high. is this wrong?  should it be lower?
Where can I buy the gym belt which supports hanging weights to take the pull ups as shown in the video?
No deadlifts or rack pulls??!!
Is it weird I'm more jealous of his gym than his body.
is this work out still effective 2 years on ?
do you count weed as a drug buff dudes?
How come people differently explain the T  bar row? The one says to fully bend over and the other one like this video is positioned more to standing up.
what is that piece of equipment you have to help you do the t bar row
How many reps and sets should you do for each exercise?  Thanks
What are the best lower back strengthening exercises?
But why dont they say how many reps u need to do with each exercise?..
How much  i should add weigh while doing pull-ups? Does it have to do with your overall  weigh?
How many reps and sets do you suggest when working out with the back
Hey are these ok for woman or are they going to make me too butch haha? Been working on my running etc and leg strength but want to define my back just a little.
Is this guy on steroids or is he natural? I'd like to see what sort of size can be achieved without steroids
Is the T-Bar row more for bodybuilding? I want to put these in my back workout for football. Can I build good strength with T-bar rows?
do all I one workout?
3:44 is there anyway we can do this exercise without a machine?
what do those numbers and letters mean next to the title
Would straight atm pull downs not work  shoulders ?
For all these exercises, am I supposed to retract and depress my shoulder blades as I am performing them?
do you think that dumbell incline row can replace tbar row?
When should I start incorporating weighted pull-ups into my workout?  Right now I'm able to do around 8-10 pullups at shoulder width, but I just started getting back into weight training 6 weeks ago.
whats the beat in the outro ?
Why is it all about looks?? You should be worried about strength not looks.....geez are we all women now?
One arm cable row is it same like one arm dumbbel row?
How many sets and reps for each ???
I need advice. I'm trying to be fit and strong, just not so much buff. any advice on how I should be working out?
what can I do if there is no t-bar at my planet finetness.
What about lower back o great one?
Can you help me, where should I put bent over row? Im planning to do pull ups. chinups then bent over row that okay? Thanks!
hey can you use resistance  bands on the cable row?
I've had this question for a long time and can't get a definite answer from anyone. For the straight-arm pull downs, how wide of a grip should you use, shoulder-length or wide?
What about Deadlift ?
how many reps should we do in one day?
Are all the rep ranges around 4-6? Or 6-8?
Is it recommended to do all 5 exercises in one day? Or is it better to mix with another group of muscles?
Hey man what routine would you recomend me to start and keep on going on the gym, cause some people says you have to work for example chest and triceps and others chest and biceps, or other like back and biceps and or back and triceps, leaving all about legs with shoulders. What do you say???
what is the name of the strap used in the weighted pull up exercise routine
Is your bench press stronger from having a strong back ?
Anyone notice the Charlie Sheen look on the last graphic?
I had an intervertebral disc prolapse 3 months ago. Which of these exercises am I not supposed to do?
Can i perform these exercises every week? I mean on every back day? A lot of people say that we should change the exercises every week for every muscle group. what do u say about it?
Hey dude I've a quesion.. On the last exercise, when I release the bar after lets say 10 reps.. I have a "temporary pain" in my shoulders. How can I avoid this?
weighted pull ups? I can barely do regular pull ups -.-
is it just me or he looks like SAM  from Supernatural !!!!!    great video btw man
what if all you have access to is dumbbells, a barbell and kettlebells? I also do boxing and Kickboxing..
Deadlifts?  You can't start back work out with out deadlifts. The rest is cool.
what your height and weight bro?
What about deadlifts? That as been my first exersice on back day.
what about heavy deadlifts!
So do you recommend doing all of these on back day? Could this work as a starting back routine?
If i get sore can i take ibuprofen?  Cuz i heard that it's bad or makes it slower when you're building muscle
ok , i have some back problems (scoliosis) because of a difference in legs lenght , so i'm actually wearing a sole to compensate the difference .... i just want to know what exercise to avoid and which one can help with my problem ?
Who is this? 😍😍
Is regular bent over rows and t-bar the same or different
Hey Buff Dudes! What do you think about using dead-lifts on back day? Is that part of your everyday routine? I've heard they are one of the most crucial exercises there is
when u say dont do drugs!? you talking weed or heavy shiet?
If you can't Tbar row, what's a good replacement?
Since these exercises workout biceps, like you say is it safe to do them 24 hours after bicep day?
How long do you have to pinch for when you squeezing your back together? 2-3 seconds?
what about the deadlift ?
i have a question, i can't go to gym but i do train at home with a bar, bench and dumbells, will it be that bad if i will not include the calble exerises in my workout?
Several years ago I dislocated my shoulder and tore my rotator cuff, I can't do pull ups anymore, is pull downs ok? My main problem is that I can't get my arm above my head correctly without using my other arm to pull it to the bar.
Wait, no deadlift for back??? I'm confused! I thought deadlift is the most important back exercise?
Does it make any difference if you have your palms facing downward or upward when doing Bent over Row?  // A dude from Sweden ^^
Is trying weighted pull ups good if you can barely even do normal ones. Im 6'5 and it's already a chore for me going up and coming all the way back down and so forth doing pull ups. I do lat pull downs when im done trying pull ups but honestly it doesn't feel like it's working for me. Just sitting there not really pulling my bodyweight i just don't see how it's working so im trying to find stuff that will really help me out
I can't to pull ups, i think I'm too heavy. What now?
Wot happened to the hair dude ?
Thank You Thank You so much for the demo on these exercises. I know I'll have a problem /w/ the pull ups, is there another alternative I can do instead?
How much more beneficial is it to use the reverse grip on the bent over row than the standard overhand grip?
I'm trying to do pullups I'm currently starting by holding myself for as long as I can and slowly lowering myself. I mainly do close grip at my home but do wide grip at the gym but I am worried that my back will become wider than it already is... I am female so I don't want this. If I only use my own weight will this not be an issue?
Back workout and no Deadlifts?.... You better those in there.
What's the name of the song at the end of the video please?!
I started doing pushups this week and noticed my left arm is weak as fuck. Now I can't straighten my fingers out right they feel locked when I do so and I cannot scrub myself with my left hand. Is this normal when beginning working arm and shoulder muscles?  Also, in my right hand, my ring and pinky finger feel tingly
Great upload, thank you.   Is this a complete back workout?  Thanks ...
Great upload, thank you.   Is this good for a whole back workout?  Is it a complete workout (back) is what I'd like to know.   Thanks ...
sir, mind if you do a video tutorial for proper Tbar Rowing ?
Hi everyone.  Is there am alternative to pull ups?  I am a bigger guy ( 6'2'' tall, 299 lbs, down from 418 lbs) and still can not do a pull up, even on a machine with assistance.  Could seated Lat Pull Downs replace the pull up until I drop another 30-40 lbs or so?  Thanks Buff Guys, really enjoy the channel.
Everytime I work my back I only feel it in my biceps!!! Any advice on how to really feel the back working?
I'm 6'3" 175 lbs. and I cannot for the life of me keep my back straight for t-bar rows. Any tips?
Would you do all of these exercises in one workout ? if Yes what about rep range/ sets and rest time and in what order ? you haven't covered that! Please Reply
Question:  I have a huge issue with standing up straight and have a hard time sitting up straight and I think it has to do with a few things:  Years ago I used to love chest day too much and feel that my chest muscles pull my shoulders forward instead of back.  I also think that lack of back muscle exercise makes it difficult for me to get into a good posture.  Which muscle groups should I be working on to improve my posture?  Will stronger back muscles make it easier to stand up straight?
I am very new to bodybuilding as I have only trained for about a month. And I would very much appreciate if someone could give me an answer to this: Is it normal that things are going VERY slow in the beginning? Is it normal that I can't execute exercises the way they should be executed in the beginning? Do you believe that this will fix itself automatically over time, or what do you think?
i'm a little too heavy to do more than one or two pull-ups. are there any other exercises that work the same thing?
Very good advice..I would like to know about that beat at the end of the video. Is that part of a song of did some producer create it?
i can do 1 pull-up. what am i doing wrong?
Does it make a difference in the t-bar row whether you use the handles or just grip the bar?
I have a lower back hernia, and I can´t do half of these excercises. I was told by the doctor that I can only work with pullups. Are there any different grips that will help me work all of my back? I'm currently doing, 30 chinups, 18 behind the head pullups, 24 open grip pullups, and 30 neutral grip. I have nice lats, but I do see that I missing wideness.
having a circumcised penis help with back gains?
Hey buff dudes, I´ve got a problem. When I do the reverse grip  bent- over row, I start feeling pressure on my lower back. What should I do?
Its all good but how are you putting all that exercise to good use? Can you do what olympic weight lifters do? Can you beat a boxer ur size? Or are you training only to impress the ladies?
is that a breitling? :p
how much sets and reps we should do???
What all do you recommend for people with an herniated disc?
How about deadlift?
Does it matter what order you do it in?
for the bent over row reversed do your arms have to be perpendicular to the ground?
Hey buff dudes is 2 arm cable pull ok to do? Or is it not as good as 1 arm? Pros and cons? I feel like 2 arm does more personally but then again I might need some time to get used to this different form. If anyone knows, lemme know. thanks
Can I get some help?  Everytime I do shoulder presses my shoulder clicks. I'm having trouble training shoulders because of that. Any help or advice would be appreciated
I got a question regarding the T-Bar Row. Some guy at the gym was correcting my form because he said I was "standing up" every time I pulled the weight to my stomach. He said I had to be almost parallel with the floor when doing the T-Bar Row (Bent Over). But I see that this video does it at an angle, maybe 30 degrees which is, I think, what I'm doing. Besides, I feel if I'm too parallel to the floor, its going to put to much strain on the lower back. Anybody have any recommendations?
if i have a gym at home what are the best equipments to buy??
Are the T-bar and the Bent over rows safe for someone with lower back issues (disc bulges in the lumbar spine) ?
Correct me if I'm wrong but I thought you had to arch your back not keep it straight? Seeing as our backs have a natural curve..?
Any other exercises that could be substituted for t-bars rows?
What if you cant do pull ups?
How many times a week should I do pull ups?
How many times a week should I do pull ups?
What about the lower back ??!
I´m confused about drugs, I quit almost all of em, but now I´m taking what they call performance enhancing drugs, should I stop doing them too?? :(
Great video. One question. I have no t bar at my gym. Anything to substitute?
360 degrees??  Get a chest first!
Is it just me or does this dude look like Bruce Wayne in Zero Year xD
WOAH!  No deadlifts, did I miss the deadlift bit or something?  Maybe I should play it again?  I must have missed it.......
Have you experienced Muscle Maker Method? (check it out on google) It is a quick and easy way for you to bulk up fast.
can someone advise on good upper back exercises be it free weight or dumbells whatever the case may be, dnt have a lat pull down machine
Shield from what?  No more bullet proof vests needed!  Just tell the SWAT teams to watch this video.
I want to look like Bradd pit in snatch (google it up), I've been lifting for 2 years now but I kind of have skipped back excercises and lats excercises because I''ve become traumatized with some overdeveloped traps and lats and also I dont want my back to look literally like a shield or mi torso to be V shaped. I'm planning to start back and lats again but not that intense for the things mentioned above, what do you guys suggest?
Hey guys where can I get myself one of those grip handles u need for the T bar row exercise?
what handle attachment are you using for t-bar row...
Hi Buff dubes, is there anywhere i can download all your tuitorials ? I mean some torrent site or something cause all these is very instructive..i want to view them before going to the gym. Thanks to help dude.. :-)
I need a stronger Spine Erector, Are there any isolation exercises for it?
Whats the difference between the t-bar rows and bent over rows?
How much reps and series for each exercise i have to do?
Love these vids!!! I have lost over 4 and a half stone and want to become a buff dude!!! Just wondering if you guys have done a Q and A or if you ever will?
does this exercises train strenght or/and endurance or is it just hypertrophy
I'm going to assume this should help my back get SMALLER and tone up if I do the same workouts just less weight and many reps?? :D
how many sets should we do? and what kind of sets? do we increase weight with each set? or decrease? I'm just lost in the sauceee
Love your channel. I understand all the exercises and why and how they work but do you have a daily body part schedule that you can pass on to me? I'm sure you probably have a video but I haven't found it.
What about deadlifts?
what about deadlifts???they work a lot of back muscles
i stopped doing the pull downs because i just couldnt feel it on my back, it felt like a chest workout. anyone else have that problem?
Deadlifts??? My absolute favourite back exercise!
2:29 what was that?
Hello. I have kyphosis and I can do basic exercises like crunches except ''T-bars'' (becouse of back support). Can't you suggest any back excercises for me, please? I am  16
What do you think about pull overs. Since it works the back as well and the core and the arms. I think its a good exercise! The exercises shown are pretty cool and I need to put them into my workout regime. I like that he talked about the reverse grip bent over row and how to do the exercise. I was looking for a way how to learn ho to do this exercise. Thanks!
Are all the workouts targeted specifically for men only? And what about your recipes, are they to gain muscle or can a woman follow the recipes and lose weight?
Are all the workouts targeted specifically for men only? And what about your recipes, are they to gain muscle or can a woman follow the recipes and lose weight?
Hey guys. I was wondering something about the way you do your repetitions on every exercise that you do? Is it a good idea to take 5 seconds to lower the weights when you do an exercise? I want to do the T-bar rows, but is it better if I take 5 seconds to lower the bar?
Can i do all these exercises on one day? Or in the chest/back split of buff dudes regime?
what about some upper back exercise advice? It seems to have been neglected.
Where are the lower back workouts? Please post some!
My gym doesnt have a t bar. what other back exercises can i do to work those middle back muscles?
so do your legs hurt more than your back after dead-lifts?
do my bent over rows have to be reverse grip? i prefer normal grip  but does that mean less gains?
Why don't you guys have the back fully parallel on the tbar rows and bent over barbell rows? Is it supposed to be parallel or slightly above parellel??
is it better to do slow pull ups with no weight or faster pull ups with weight? all doing the same reps.
What about deadlifts? Its one of the most benificial excercises you can do for your back.
How about lat pull downs sir?  Which is better? Pull ups or Lat Pull downs? Should I do both at the same back training day or alternate it every week or I'll stick to pull ups?
Is it really all just water weight?
Can someone tell me why I gain more weight in the gym after working out? Example, I weigh myself to before a work out and weigh 172lbs. After an hour I weigh 177lbs. I do drink a lot of water, probably 4 glasses of water in the gym. I had a friend tell me that the 5 pounds was all water weight, however I sweat extremely bad, and I also pee frequently when in the gym, probably 3-5 times when I'm at the gym.
are you twins? height?
Have you tried "Max Muscle Extend?" (check it out on Google) It is a quick and easy way to bulk up fast.
Have you experienced "Max Muscle Extend?" (Go Google it) It is a quick and easy way to build muscle fast.
what exercises can i use instead of weighted pull-ups?
What exercise can I substitute with if Im unable to do a pullup?
one-arm-cable-row? meh dumbbell rows are much better
Why do you emphasize their is more to the back than only last and then proceed to make an entire video about lat based movements and not traps or lower back?
Is it normal to never get a pump in the back or get sore the day after?
so how do you avoid forearm injuries for pull ups?
Think i just found my new back routine!  But but no Deadlifts????
can deadlift be included in this workout or it will be too much..anyone please?
why is the dead lift not included in here?
Hey there, have you experienced RushMax Muscle? (Google it) You will discover the crimes we commit against ourselves. With RushMax Muscle, you will discover how to bulk up quickly.
Anyone tried the Proladox Diet Plan (search on google)? I have heard many great things about it and my sister lost crazy amounts of weight with it.
Hello, have you seen Atomic Max Muscle? (just Google it) You will find out about the serious crimes we commit against our bodies. With Atomic Max Muscle, you will discover how to bulk up quickly.
Hey there, have you seen Lean Body Blaster? (search for it on google) You will learn about the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Lean Body Blaster, you will discover how to burn up fat fast.
are rack pulls a good workout for building a 3D massive back and promote thoracic extension? thanks for the help
Have you seen "H6x Muscle Monster?" (Go Google it) It is a quick and easy way for you to get ripped fast
Hey guys, I am in intermediate level.I want to gain mass.I find this workout to be perfect but i was wondering , shall i include dead lifts..if i do then with this workout there are 6 exercises which i think is much ...Any suggestion , what should i do?
go see a doctor. are you actually waitin for us to help you? asap.
No dumbbell lat row????
Have you tried "H6x Muscle Monster?" (do a Google search for it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
That's a joke right?
Is it possible to get a thicker back without widen it?
How long have you been going to the gym? When you work your arms separately, are they equally strong?
im right handed man and i have this problem: when i exersice my muscles my right arm muscles look bigger than my left arm  what can i do?
doesn't deadlift do most of the muscles even though it hits the lower back the hardest?
is there an alternative to doing the one arm cable row if you don't go to the gym?
do you guys rent out the gym?
Nothing for the lower back?
Reverse Grip Bent Over Row? Theyre called Yates rows.
have you seen chris jones from pog? he has the widest back ive ever seen, and he doesn't deadlift
Hi BUFF dudes, Love your videos! Can you guys do a tutorials on pull-ups? For people who have never done pull-ups and/or don't know to start doing them?
how many rep should we do with the first exercise?
Snap lifts? No thank you sur!
Where is your muscle shield?
What about lower back?
should i do all of them in one back day? or just 3 of them?
Guys help me out I can only chin up I can't pull up I think it's because of my weak left arm ?
can you tell me where is that place
Is one arm row with the dumbell the same as the cable rows?
Have you seen "Smashing Ripped X?" (Go Google it) It is a quick way to get ripped fast.
i worked at an enviroment where i lift heavy stuff and my back hurts is dat because my back muscle is weak!?
ummm aren't you forgetting the lower back? at least i do lower back with my back.... do you do it on another day orso?
Have you experienced "Max Muscle Extend?" (check it out on Google) It is a quick and easy way for you to get ripped fast.
I have a question if I may and I will be really grateful if you answer it. I do T-bar rows,Reverse dumbbell-flys(You know the one that really works the rear deltoids, I'm saying this because Idk the name precisely) ,Bent over Dumbbell rows ,Dumbbell pull-overs then Barbell shrugs then finally Wide grip pull-ups, do you think this is enough for the back? I don't do dead-lifts these days because I had a sleight back injury. Thank you, I really appreciate the help.
In what order should i do the exercises for the back ?
how many sets/reps
On the pullups, after I max out, I can still do 10 or 15 to the halfway mark, but getting past that is pretty difficult.  Are there exercises I can do to focus on getting more balanced strength wise here?
What do you recommend on sets and reps for each exercise on back day?
Even when i do good form dead lift i get aches on y back the next day.  Is that a good thing? and i only use 45 lb bar
what about for the upper back?
Overrated? You meant underrated didn't you?
Could you name three exercises that I could to for a complete back workout.  I was thinking of doing the bent over barbell rows, then the weighted chins and finish off with the lat pulldown or single cable rows.  Any suggestions?  Thanks
this guy is steroids free right?
Buff dudes, what is your opinion on incorporating dead lifts on back day?
Hey YouTubers, have you seen Atomic Max Muscle? (search for it on Google) You will discover the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Atomic Max Muscle, you will discover how to bulk up quickly.
nICE vid dudes, what about dead liftsand hyperextentions for that lower back?
what?? No Dead lift? Why?
Is it okay if i replace pull up to pull down ? I can really get a good form in pull up.
Hey there, have you discovered Max Muscle Extend? (just Google it) You will find out about the crimes we commit against our bodies. With Max Muscle Extend, you will discover how to get ripped fast.
Have you experienced Max Muscle Method? (Google it) It is a quick way for you to build muscle fast.
so is it okay to do all these on back day? lol
Hello, have you heard about Morsch Muscle Madness? (Go Google it) You will find out about the crimes we commit against ourselves. With Morsch Muscle Madness, you will discover how to get ripped quickly.
T-Bar Rows are for middle back thickness right?
Hey Brandon! Great Vids! Im a big fan. I tried the workout and felt amazing but i didnt really like the t-bar rows. Could i substitute them with the close grip cable rows? thanks
why not do them on leg day? its not like deadlifts are being left out
Hey Buff Dudes, I was actually wondering, would you consider the 5 exercises you're recommending a full workout, or do  you do other warm-ups/burn-outs/exercises to complete a full workout?
im really confuse! is the long hair dude and you the same person? ( you just cut ur hair) or are u different person? haha to me you 2 look alike
Do you guys do any bicep work after hitting back?
only problem is i work ea bodypart twice a week so i cant do 5 different exercises in a workout,how would you recommend i split the 5 exercises between 2 workout?
How many sets is too many I do 18 sets nothing but compound movements.
hi guys great videos , how tall are you btw?
Can I do T-bar rows if I'm just 16?
What about Lat Pulldowns ?
how to build roid muncher traps????
Whats with Deadlifts?
What about Deadlifts? Are they more of a lower body movement or do they also target your back?
How the fuck do I sub from my android!
How many sets and reps per exercise?
What about deadlifts?
is there much of a difference between chin ups and pull ups for the lat development ?
I have a question: I am slowly recovering from a shoulder impingement problem and I have trouble with my pull ups because it stresses my shoulder. Which of these exercises minimize stress on my shoulder and target my back?
Can I do one arm seated machine rows instead of the one arm seated cable rows?
yo dude ur buff lol...oh and just curious how tall you are man? subbed by the way nice video!
Why the reverse grip on Bent-Over row? I always did it with my palms facing the ground....is there a significant difference between the two grips for this exercise?