Why no new vids. I miss your vids.
Would love to see your sleep system and is there any security you use to keep your dog from running off in the middle of the night? I haven't tried tarp camping with my dog yet, but I'm worried he is going to bolt for an animal or a night time hiker. 😄 He usually sleeps very well but there was one time he tried to charge through my tent at an animal.
what is the size of the sheet ?
What do when ground is wet
have you got a link for your tarp please
Great job bud, have you actually used any of the versions you demonstrated? And if so which one was the best overnight?  Cheers,
Hi. I have a military tent, but it's not square, but rectangular, do you think you can do the same with it?
What tarp are you using in this video?
hej hej, which tarp is it pls?
And if you have two tarps?
You are super cute! Can I be your dog? ;) Great vids!
I love your tarp ideas!!  Question:   Ifn you're setting up in a wet area, where the ground is already damp or WET, what do you do for a floor. or something to keep your sleeping mat and bag dry.... from getting wet??   Terrific video... thanks for sharing.               Ax
Great video, many thanks.   I'm wondering about tarp camping as an alternative to carrying a tent when cycle touring for the reasons you described, and also because I'll be in Japan where I'll want airflow at night.   I'm curious: when you are in a forest, why would you make a free standing structure?
I'm confused by the dramatic music at 4:15. Was that a spider? a tick?
On the picture... you are shitting or what?
Where was the tarp ? I watch the video over and over and never saw it. Gonna watch it several more times looking for it.😉
Flexible string rope thingy? We call them bungee cords but I like your name for them.
Hi What kind of tarp is it? also what are the dimensions? very nice video
OK, I am new at tarps but don't you get wet from the ground when it rains?
What kind of tarp are you using?
C.. "What" prevents tarantulas and snakes from slithering in at the bottom since it does not go all the way to the ground?  "How" do you keep them "out"?
Why the heck are Estonian women so cute??
So I’ve been seeing a lot of these tarp shelters videos pop up on my YouTube feed and I feel I have to ask the question at least once, why only one tarp? I’ve always packed two tarps (or teamed with another person so we have two tarps between us) so that I can set up a weatherproof floor under the shelter (or additionally to set ontop of a debris floor for padding and insulation) the second tarp would need to be the same size or thickness just something that you could pull the edge up along the inside of the shelter top to keep run off rain away
ur voice is so nice r u marryed?
Whats the point of this video?
20 Euros is expensive? https://www.decathlon.de/zelt-arpenaz-2-personen-id_8293539.html# Still great video.
How do keep dry on the floor? Won’t the water just come under the edges?
Hey Hiker in Estonia. This video made me subscribe so I'm new to your channel. What did you use for your ground sheet and sleeping? I'm questioning whether or not to bring a tent or a tarp on my travels. Thank you. Keep sharing.
Where's ya boyfren at tho?
Where did you bouggt this tarp?
wheres she from ? she is   a babe !  ( not relevant i know ) lol. edit.. hiker in ESTONIA .. right..
good ideas.   What size is your tarp?  3m x 3m perhaps?  Another popular arrangement is called "flying wedge" which you can find on line.  Thanks for your video and pleasant smile.
Hey! Where did you get that tarp? Any good shop in Estonia? I tend to find them overpriced, and normally order from Varusteleka in Helsinki.
What about a rope linking two trees, four pegs maximum or small branches, no hiking stick needed...?
Why didn't you do any close up of the drawing and that ass
She can go camping with me any time she wants,,, now the question is can she skin an elk? :)
Have you tried sleeping outside in these setups? I'm curious on how good the last one is at shutting out rain, especially if the rain shifts directions during the night.
what kind of dog is that? my dog looks just ike that and we dont know what breed sh is
What happened to Luna?
What's the point of the tarp being lightweight if you also have to carry a piano?
What type of tarp are you using? Is it a British basha tarp?
Great inspiration, as always :) In your first video you used a hammock. Why did you switch? Was it because of the windchill from below? Or some other reason? I'm asking because I'm totally new at hiking and I'm waiting for a camping hammock I ordered (with mosquito net, yay!). I found your channel when looking for tips and tricks and I've realized I probably should get a reflecting pad (or the budget option - a windshield-screen for cars) to have some sort of warmth even in warm summer nights in my hammock.  Also, the orange tarp you got - was it bad? You didn't seem too impressed with it in your review, but I couldn't tell if that was because of distractions or if the tarp wasn't good?
How are the hiking possibilities in estonia? Ok so i just went and googled it. You guys have pretty great number of national parks. So seems good.   Greetings from Finland
What about mosquitoes later in the season? They would eat me alive using tarp
Have you stayed out overnight in any of those shelters? By the way, in the U.S. we call those "stretchy strings" bungee cords.
camo tarp and hi vis guy lines??????
Does this protect against bears?
how about snakes,,, can easily pass thru sides ??
whats the fucking name of that song at 1:23 ? haha :D
aren't you afraid of Spiders??
How much does all this gear weight?
so... that's great and all, but what about when it actually rains?  All the water will just run under the tarp and soak you and anything you might possibly be sleeping on or have brought with you...
what is the name of the tarp and where did you get it?  Thanks
Im curious, are insects ever a problem?
How do you deal with mosquitos ?
wow, nice work.  thanks 4 the diagrams, that helps.  i like your jacket, what brand is that??  :)
Nice ideas, like it.And does ANYONE knows what camo this is?. Never seen it before, but it would perfectly match the most woodland undergrounds where i live, much better than our 'official' camo.
If you woke up with lube a around your rectum when you woke up while camping would you tell anyone?  If not, let's go camping.  Hell even if you would let's still go camping.
What do you do when the rain gets under your tarp??
Where did you get your tarp? Do you have a link so that I can get one.  Good video
What kind of tarp is that? Where do you get the designs for your tents?
thank you for another video!  Do you ever bring a floor with you? Oh, I see you answered below!
But .... who carries hiking sticks?
Does your tarp really have that many holes per side? Like your drawing? Mine have only 1 or two holes per side
What type of tarp are you using? Is it army surplus?
What's going on with the camera?! All the jumping around and cut marks!! Fuck! Can't you formulate a thought longer than like 10 seconds!?!?!
How tall are you? Just trying to figure out what size tarp a taller man would need.
you are so cutre~ what kind of tarp is that? and the size? thanks for the vid~
great setups! do they hold up well when theres wind?
Please excuse my naïveté, but are all tarps the same size (like 8' × 8')?  Does Estonia have various elevations to camp in?  I'm in Denver, Colorado (U.S.A.) where it's a mile high above sea level. Our largest peaks are only a bit over 14,000-ft.  You're a wonderful & pretty lady & I enjoyed my first VID of yours tremendously!
What ist this for a shelter? Can you give me the shop/link where i can this Tarp order? Thanks
what is the SIZE of the tarp???   Thanks.
Great! the diagrams are simple. I am just getting now getting educated with shelters. Is the paracord/ rope cut in multiple lengths, or is it 1 long strand?
where can you get a tarp like that and does it have a name>? thanks
I like your tarp set ups. Have you tried the "plow point" set up ? perfect for a square tarp. For a video go to Dave Canterbury, good info.
Hey, very nice video, thank you for that!!! Your english is sooooo understandable for germans, it was like listening to a german Vid, THX :) :) From which part of the lovely UK are you from?
Love this video -- going to go out to a state park with my son to try this out this Saturday. Question: are your drawings of these layouts available online? I will probably just pause the video and transcribe them, but if they were available online that would be nifty.  Great channel and you are so charming -- looking forward to more videos!
Great video!  Where did you buy your tarp?
Did you get a chance to test drive any of these overnight or in the rain? I have a cheapie little tent that served me well this summer, but I've played around a bit with the idea of just using a tarp. Thanks for sharing.
Hi, experiences with snow or very cold winter with the shelter?
Doesn't the water flow under the tarp and make the ground wet?
Have you ever considered hammock camping? :) Much better sleeping off the ground and you have most of the stuff needed anyway. Search for "shugemery+tarp"...happy hanging :)
I dont get one thing. How can one be protected if its raining ? I mean....the water does flow through the terrain and end up inside...probably not at the last one depending on where the water it travelling but still....how ?
I really like these ideas but not sure how they would stand up to the rain and wind in Scotland? Maybe better for the Summer months?