Hi Greg  Thanks for this recipe followed it to the core using avocado oil but for some reason my butter had black pores and smelling like it’s going rancid only in a couple of weeks. What could I have done wrong or do we have to make sure to use it in a given amount of time?  I really hoped we could dodge the supermarket butter altogether as neither Coles nor Woolies have them on specials for some time now.
Could you use lard too?
Hey Greg!!! DK if someone has asked this already.  But, would this work if you put the oil in the cream before you whipped it ?  Actually,  I don't really think it would, but, am wondering about that.  TYSM for sharing this technique with us .  😉😻🙏
When you say 25%, does that mean you get around 300 ~ 375gr butter out of your 600ml cream?
how long does this keep in the fridge?
wait I thought u didnt have any kids?
greg how much salt do u recommend using ?
Can it be used for cooking or baking
Are you sure this is Greg's kitchen? Doesn't look right...
LOL Greg....is that your root's kitchen or your mums? :)
New house? Or greg getting lost again?
hi greg i got a really importent question. when making pizza dough is it really nessesary to use self raising flower or cant  i use all purpose flower? p.s. can you mention me in ur next video that will be very helpfull and i love ur videos i come home everyday and the first thing i do is check oit ur videos i love the way u always stay happy and joke around while cooking and i love making most of ur dishes and ur currently my no.1 youtuber so thank you and please continue to make amazing cooking videos cus life seems so much happier when i see ur amazing recipies and for people who dont like this channel too bad ur life is sad so dont bother with negative comments cus GREG DOESNT CARE. thanks greg ur amazing
This is delicious stuff but too much will add inches. Is that why it's called BUTTer?
Luv you're vids, I want to start making my own for fun. Will a good go pro and decent Apple work for this? Plus it be good for you to finally meet me in some way along with other youtubers!
whose house is this greggo?
Can you also make garlic butter this way?
whos kitchen is this?
Where the hell are you at?
So, is this more like a margarine?
is this usable in any recipe that needs butter or is it only for spreading?
Why do u need to make a video on how to make butter I think everybody knows how to make butter
Is that your neighbors' kitchen that you borrow hot chilis from? :D :D
Greg, where did you film this your house?
Gregg you broke into a church??
Did you get that recipe from Simple Cooking Channel?
Where the heck did you get that accent from?
How old are you Greg, about 30-35
HI Greg, great recipe.  When you start the whipping, does it hit whipped cream stage and you continue to whip till it hits the butter stage?
What kind of bread is that at the beginning?  Looks amazing!
Is that your new house?
Is that your Mom's kitchen?
Greg where r u!?!
No easy spread butter? I would go nutz!
It's always ON Greg's Kitchen, even if we're not IN Greg's kitchen!  So Greg, how do I stop myself from eating all the whipped cream I'm gonna end up with, before it turns into butter?  HOW?!