Maybe he needs a Rocket Batch stove. Could he cut consumption even further?
Who is the manufacturer of the stove you use?  Does it have a secondary air burn feature?
Wow, a "real" Vermonter building a wood fire? I'm from VT..,being doing this all my life...at 57 now I've learned a few things about wood burning....you'll get there eventually, peace.
insulation is the thermal mass?  right
All I wanted to know is how that heat-powered fan worked on top of the stove. Was it a Stirling motor? Had to Google it myself...   (It uses a Seebeck module to generate electricity)
I’m curious about how the fan works?
Does anyone know whether it exists a video or article about stoves transformed to be fed with wood pellets and worm screw (endless screw / auger)?
How much did that wood stove cost
Could u clean the glass?
Does anyone know what thermometer he is using on his stove pipe?
By the looks of the video you house doesn't look to be a large one.  How many square feet? Also is the heating efficiency due to the floor plan of the house? House designed to circulate heat well
How about the horizontal pipe down by the stove? It would be easier for the stove to keep it hot. That’s how mine is. I love Vermont. 😊❤️🇺🇸❄️☃️🌄
Did you see the smile on his face after he lit the fire do you think he could of been a arsonist when he was a kid like catching the woods on fire.
What about upside down start of your fire?
What is the fan for?
What kind of Fan is that your using I know it turns on when temp gets High enough looking for brand name and if you recommend it ?
Who would want all that mess in the house?
@3:56 the lever you're using, does that just open a larger vent to get more air flow to start the fire faster?
So you have 12" of insulation .. that's a lot! As far as accomplishing a thermal mass, would 12" of dense packed cellulose be better than 12" of closed cell spray foam?
What's the name of that wood burner where can I get it how long will the wood burner for ?
was it mentioned what kind of stove it is?
Maybe a sloping 45 instead of that abrupt 90 would help with buildup?
Mind if I ask what brand of winter pants you're wearing?
Off topic, but what kind of boots and pants were you wearing in this video?
What type of wood stove are you using?
He recommends an insulated flue - wouldn't you be better off with uninsulated to allow radiant heat into the room?
Since when did dense-packed cellulose become thermal mass?