You mentioned you use two different fertilizer, one for leaf and root growth and one for flower. When to use the higher nitrogen one (after blooming?) and when to use higher phosphorus one? Thank you.
I'm new to orchids. I have found on one of my plants sticky droplets exuding from the bottom of the leaf.  Any insight to what this is an indication of?  Great lessons in orchids. Thank you.
Is it a good idea to fertilize when the orchid is in bloom?  Enjoyed all the tips.  Some I had forgotten.
Wonderful video. Thanks. I'm new at growing orchids so still have many questions. Like:  Once the spike form a baby orchid, how do cut and/or pot that baby when it has 2 roots showing. Are these roots aerial?
Your video is really comprehensive, Christine. Thank you.  May I ask, how come my orchids seem to have flower spikes with many blooms but usually those 2nd or 3rd blooms tend to turn pinkish and dry out?
hello what is the name of the mini beautiful white in a multitudes of dainty whites flowers?
hello, how much did you pay for the beautiful white Phal, please?. Simply gorgeous!
How do you manage to get your orchids that straight? Mine are always leaning to one side!
Hi Christine, I need help here. I recently purchased an orchid  and later on, noticed that there is a tiny hole in one the petal. 2 days later, I noticed that another petal had tear a little. Do you think this orchid is infested? And you know of any tricks, please help, ty.
I was given a full bloomed  orchid in a none hole dark plastic cup filled with sphagnum moss...should I repot it??
Why does my orchid then do all of this but smell like rotten eggs?
Damn, wish you are in Honolulu.. Anyways, you have Keiki Video already? meow like learn <3
where do you purchase your white pots? thanks!
i got an orchid for mother's day. it is in bloom but it looks like it dropped all of it's unopened flower buds (3-4 of them). Should I do anything?
How do you stake a branch off of the main stem, which had a few buds in bloom at purchase in February?  In three months time we had 8 buds, 6 have bloomed  and 2 to go.  The added weight caused the branch to twist downward forming a crease.  What happens?  Can I help it to survive?  As you can tell a novice here.  Thank you in advance.
can you make a playlist (plants) and put this vid in the playlist you don't make the playlist if you not like a make the playlist ???
My orchid just finished blooming and I did cut the branches back, one I did all the way the other half way. We are in March now and it's still chill and we are expected to get some more snow, yes I live in lovely Michigan. Do you recommend growing lites until we start getting some real good sun? Also it looks like my leaves are a bit wrinkly? Not sure why? Thanks for the help.
what does it mean if the leaves look a little wilty and droopy... does this mean it has a disease or can I revive it?
Surely all phals need to be in plastic pots with no opaque container? The roots need to see the light. That is what I have always read.
I just bought an orchid last night and watered it. Should I repot it still since I cannot see the roots and when do I know when to repot?
Is there a initial bloom every year? Should i prune leafs? I've notice it starting to look like it haves a stalk stacking leafs on top of each other
Your video was very helpful thank you for sharing. after watching other videos I didn't realize I needed to wipe the stem with peroxide after being cut. my question is will the it get sick from not doing this step?
hey aweosme video was sooo helpful! but I still have questions on fertilizers.   so my phal orchid is in full bloom. healthy leaves and roots still in moss but I'll chance that to bark once the flowers drop in a month are so.  I was wondering if you could recommend me a fertilizer to use. a brand. i was thinking of sticking to 20-20-20 all around is that okay?  also do you stop fertilizing once it blooms? or do you always fertilize. i have heard you do once the blooms drop so I am confused as to when I fertilize and when I stop if I do at all. and you would do it once a week correct? also is miracle grow bark media okay to use? thank you in advance!
If I cut and allow it to focus on the green growth will it grow again and bloom?
I live in Toronto, Canada... Its cold in the winter but hot in the summer... I bought my orchid from just add ice orchids and they say to put 3 ice cubes/week and thats it.... Is that ok?
can you do a video with the keiki paste?!
Hi! This is the most comprehensive and understandable video on these types of orchids I've found! I went out and bought the two types of fertilizer you recommended. I'm a little confused which ones to use. I've had one phal orchid for 6 months now, it's been done blooming for a couple months so I cut the spike. Which fertilizer should I use to promote reblooming? I also have one that's in bloom right now.
Thanks soo much for this video!!! I just started with the Phalaenopsis Orchid....Where did you find the white pots for them? Also I love all your videos
I just got a new orchid, i got it in full bloom with some buds, but its planted in moss in a small glass jar. Do i need to repot it?
I am having some issues with little tiny flies around my orchids. i think maybe my pots aren't draining fast enough and the damp media is a breeding ground for these little pests. I have already drilled extra holes in my containers, but do you have any suggestions on how to get rid of them?
Where can i find plastic see through flower pots!?! Ive bin to home depot lowes and Walmart can find them anywhere x)
Where can i buy the clear plastic potters you have for the orchid? I checked orchard, lowes and home depot. They didn't have any unfortunately.
If i buy a phal orquid planted in spaghnum moss , should i transfer it to bark?
I believe my orchid has root rot. Is there any way to save it?
Okay this may be a dumb question, when it comes to fertilizing do you buy two diff bags of fertilizer and mix them together or use them separate or just one bag with the highest fort and second number?!
in nature orchids grow in trees, so why do you put them in small plastic pots?
Are they safe for cats?
Can an orchid be drown with too much water?
Christine, my orchids came in clear plastic pots. Do I need to take them out and drill holes in these? Or is it ok to leave them as is?
When you going to do your DIY video again? I miss it already â˜ºï¸â˜ºï¸â˜ºï¸ ðŸ˜
I love the instrumental song you played in this video and in a couple of your videos who plays it???
Where can we buy your jewellery from?
Thank you so much for this video! I've always wanted orchids but never knew how to care for them properly. Already found a local orchid nursery and will visit next weekend. :) Just curious, where do you buy your plastic containers for your orchids? My usual nursery doesn't carry orchid pots and the orchid pots online seem too expensive when I could just buy a normal plastic container and then drill the holes myself. Thanks!
Where do you find the clear pots? Â I can't seem to find any locally and was wondering if it is something I'll probably have to buy online...
Thanks for all the information. Your videos (generally) are really helpful. I just want to ask a little question. There are lots of roots outside the pot at one of my orchids. Now it is blooming. After the blooming period I am planning to change the pot. However, I cannot decide. Should I use the same Â pot, or should I use a bigger one so that I can put the outside root to inside?
How to transfer baby's from the Mama orchid to a pot? I have 3 of them and don't know how to do it ;)
Thank you so much I was need it !!! I have 3 orchids at home now, and one of them finished blooming and leaves fall off also, I repotted it the roots wasn't well I clean it a bit, but not like in your video, should I do it again ? Another question, another plant almost done blooming but leaves already fall off and I noticed that roots is not doing so well should I wait to repot it till blooming done ?
After you cut off the stem will another one grow where the old one was?
Whats your instagram?
Is it ok to keep them in fairly cold air?? (I have a wintergarten, nice & warm in the day but cold-ish at night...)
Do you have any Dendrobian Speciosum?Â  Not quite as pretty as a Phalaenopsis, but vastly more robust.Â  Put one anywhere in your garden and it will prosper.
How long does it take for the spike to regrow after its been cut?
Updated beauty/film room?????
I have an orchid and the leaves are a dark green but they have wrinkles, its not in bloom and I cut the stem a few months ago and its starting to grow blooms, its also not in direct sunlight. Why is it wrinkly?
Hey Christine can you recommend any good books for starting your own garden? I follow that garden guy you mentioned a while back here on YouTube but just wondering if there are any good books worth investing in.
Can you do an Invisalign update, your teeth look great!
Good video. Can you do a hair routine or straightening your hair video?
So when you cut the flower spike, how do you get your orchid to grow another? Will it ever or will you just have the green leaves. Thanks for this video. I Iove orchids but had no idea how to care for them.
You change your YouTube name. I'm just curious as How you did that and why?
What happened to pinksofoxy? I get so excited when I see you posted a video! Your DIYs are amazing!! Keep it up!