Can you see if the Turbo Scrub or something like that works?  It is a battery operated bathtub scrubbers. Thank you so much for your videos. My granddaughter and I get together and binge watch your videos all night. Great quality time!!!
Are those your real eye colour
Is the issue whether the makeup was cream or powder or does the shape of the brush affect how well it cleans?
Did I miss seeing you rinse off the dirty water in clear water and then dry?
2 years later...still using this product?
Do u still use this. In 2018 ?
I wonder if you could hand wash brushes that are used with cream makeup and use the spinner thing to just dry the brush
Have you used this recently???
Wouldn’t you want to rinse to get the soap residue off??? Seems like you’d need two fish bowls - one with soap and one with just water and spin to dry after the water one.
I wonder if a handheld fan would work, would need to find collar alternatives tho...hmm
I am sort of shocked that they didn't have you run the brushes through clear water to "rinse" them?
i was subscribed since 2014??  why am i unsubscribed now??
Would you consider the brushes dry enough to use close to after washing or wait like a few hours?
bunny, do i have permission to copy your hair color pattern, like the blonde and the black?
maybe use a different soap for cleaning the brush? and use warm water
$80??? U can buy on ebay for like £10-15
Can bunny get a blue check mark?
Since when we're u begging for likes?
I wonder if you could add baking soda to the solution with concealer flat brushes to get it clean.  Thanks for the video.  You've popped up in other YouTube searches but this is the 1st time watching!  You are a crack up!
Does anyone think that she should die her hair again 😍
Can you please watch my videos
"oh, did you think the product was in there?" dont judge a book by it's cover 😂
Why does this video have more dislikes than likes
Did she cut her hair ?
just me that thinks the bowl looks like a fish bowl??
I wonder if it would be terrible just to put a drop of soap on the bristles and then spin in clean water.
She is Bug eyed and creeps me out... also what is she on?!!
You don't think you use more water without this device? I know I do.
Does this video really need to be almost 19 minutes long
Does this video really need to be almost 19 minutes long
I wonder how it would work with paint brushes...
Has anyone tried the Luxe Makeup Brush cleaner?
I wonder if this would work for paint brushes
is that your eyecoler?
So wait, you don't rinse off the soap from the brushes?  Do you not need to do that and I've been adding a step all this time?  Just seems weird that you'd just let it soak in soapy (and eventually dirty) water then just go on to dry and use it.
Have u been using this apparatus after this vid????????
i wonder if she still uses it :)
Does this like button really work 😂😂
Please do a "DOES THIS THING REALLY WORK?" On the O'2 nail designer! Thank you i love your videos!
Can you make a a video on the acne vacuum thing? I feel like it's too good to be true but idk
Anyone know how to replicate this without spending about $80? Looking for a friend
who was completely obsessed with her eyes?
I wonder if laundry soap would work in smaller amounts (<1mL per bowl of water)? It seems to be the best at removing gross human oils and whatnot in my experience. It also comes in free and clear formulas for skin sensitive folks.
😂😂😂😂 does the like button really works? 😂😂
just wondering how long yours took to ship to you? I purchased mine a week ago and am so excited to use it! 😊
what batteries does it require and are they included? can anyone tell me im getting this in 8 days for my birthday and ill be gutted if i cant use it cause i have no batteries hahaahah
Did anyone else had a problem ordering this item??
Maybe use warm water for cream?
Why does your hair have random colors in different places
Who else about to watch the whole Does This This Really Work!? playlist?
I would like to see a video about this miracle product called "Instantly ageless". Have you heard of it?
Is that her bathroom ?
Can you do an updated what's in my bag video ???
Is anyone earls thinking her eyes are Sooo pretty
do a vid on the sleep styler from shark tank please
Are her eyes really that blue?
wonder if dove dish soap would be better? it's what they use to get oil of duckies.
Am I the only one wondering if you rinse them after the soap run? They still have soap in them after the spin....
How can someone be sooo pretty? Omg I'm in love w/ your eyes and hair and face and everything!!
No ones talking about it, but I'm curious. Did Bunny and Dogman get married??? I noticed her wearing the 2 rings now and I'm kind of hoping!!!
where have you been where are you NOW? like in 2017 February
I ordered mine last month and it hasn't come yet. I really wanna try it. has anyone had problems with shipping? if so please help.
Does anyone know what kind of brush she used the first time...that green color one
how old is she
Hey Bunny can you test the too faced white chocolate chip palette or the peach liquid lip sticks?
Who else does the intro along with bunny? ...... no just me okay
ok this is random, but does anyone else feel like green/teal hair would suit her a lot?
Why are you so perky
Is it me or is bunnies hair green?
who watches this because watching the brushes look satosfying
won't it be too harsh for the brush to spin like that and destroy the shape?
Maybe warm water with cream make up?
the like button works! time for 'DOES THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON REALLY WORK?'
anyone know where she got her sweater??
I love how she pronounces the metal part... the ferrule?  😂
So basically a diy hack would be a dremmel and a fish bowl?
Where did she buy the first brush???
who els does the intro with bunny x!??
Why not pre-mix 16 to 32 Oz. Purified Water and Soap (Dawn) so you don't spend so much and rinse brushes in clean water or Alcohol after washing?
I wonder if warm water would clean it even better. (The concealer brush.)
What brushes was she cleaning??
Would like to see a video of your cleaning process! For brushes and beauty sponges 😘
+grav3yardgirl Couldn't you use the brushes with cream makeup on the sigma mat & then use this product to quickly dry the brushes? I wonder if after you use it in soapy liquid if you could use them in clean water before drying & then dry them if that would make them even more clean or if that is against the directions? I am a huge fan of yours and have you subscribed and watch you with both my accounts. I have your book, and I love you and Dogman. You inspire me so much. Keep up the good work, and just know you are not alone. I have depression & anxiety as well. I am currently recovering from a broken neck and two neck surgeries as all of this happened over the holidays (I spent Christmas and New Years in the hospital, I fell though before Thanksgiving and slowly lost the ability to walk, feed myself, etc.) and am currently almost all better in a rehab facility. I am away from my family, and thankfully get to see them, but never been away from my little one for so long...ever and well it has been hard on her and all of us. You help me smile., and i would love to reciprocate. LOVE TO ALL THE SWAMP FAMILY! HUGS!
Am I the only person that got life by hearing Bunny say #Bless? Lmao #ILoveIt
any small youtubers that wud like to support each other? The BEST OF LUCK 4 everyone!
Are her eyes real? They are freaking beautiful one time in school I got made fun of for having brown eyes 😐
Why does she talk SOOO loud?
I haven't been here in so long! Does she still do the sippy sippy thing?
Won't this really damage the brush shape after a few uses though? Even if you aren't 'smashing' the brushes, putting them under that much centrifugal force time ofter time must weaken it.
I love her eyes colour. .how can I turn my eyes as blue as like that? she had a blue eyes right? or I just blind..
So you don't rinse it at all?
It is still using less water then just running under the sink... right...?
Can you show us on snapchat cleaning a brush you typically use for foundation? something more tightly packed and dense?
have you realized that your eyes glow when yo do a video?😆😆
Anyone else feel like she's gotten better at reading the instructions? Obviously not like pro status but at least amateur status 😆
What do likes do to help a YouTuber?
You could wash a few brushes with the same water and them wash them once more with clear water or alcohol...?
The force is so strong it makes the water and soap rise up to touch more than the bristles so what's the point?
"Does the like button really work?!" ... I totally lost it, and busted out laughing. So good.
how much did it cost
grav3yardgirl Can you possibly do a review on the Midi Fighter? It's a little button keypad that lights up pretty colors and plays tones to create music. There's a few YouTube vids but not many reviews from real people. (I'm interested in seeing it played just for a bit of creative fun, it looks cute)
why no one mentioned herbal essences shampoo for cleaning brushes? one of the best if not best of the best.
what's up with the new like stuff? can someone explain.  I dont get it
why dose it take 18 minutes to review a product
what if you took all your dirty brushes and ran them thru the soap without changing then do a second rinse cycle with all of them and see what happens
I love bunny but does this really need to be 18 minutes long?
can u do a tour of your new house
I wonder if you should do a rinse, wouldn't the soap leave residue. just a thought
Did you know that they is something that checks if the like button turns blue and guess what it actually works
why is her hair blue????
can you try the smashbox insta-matte?!
So what's the difference between this and a screwdriver??
Could this work FOR paint brushes??
What about the soap left in there? Aren't you supposed to rinse it out of the soapy water with clean water?
I actually just have a couple of questions for you. How do the brushes feel when you've applied your makeup after you've cleaned them with the brush cleaner? Do they feel like they apply the makeup the same when after you would hand wash them, or do you find yourself having to apply your makeup differently now?
what happens if there is so many likes?
But then isn't the brush soapy? Like you don't rinse the soap off you just dry it off
can someone please tell me whats up with the like button? I know that bunny isnt like thirsty but why is her video relevancy so dependent on likes? is it a new system?
Why is it important for Bunny to get likes? Just curious. Someone answer please? Lol!
Wouldn't you want to rinse them in fresh water afterwards to get the dirty soapy water off of the bristles? 😐
For the creamier makeup I bet it has more to do with the type of soap you use and the cleanliness of the water. Cream doesn't come out as well because it doesn't dissolve well in water. You probably would need less water and more soap. You'd probably have to wet the brush then spin it in soap. You might also need to use a different soap for cream makeup? Hmmm...
do more "does this thing really work"
Didn't the feral get dunked under water when she spun the first brush?😯
Wouldn't an electric drill do the same? Or even maybe a dremel tool? You may not be able to fit all the brushes in, but you could probably find an adapter to make it work...
Why was it white?
Do they ship to the US now??? I am in Canada, and they said they don't ship here yet.  I will have to get my Californian Cousin to get it for me.  XO
could you review the Silisponge?!
Am I the only one who loves my username? 🤓
80 dollars???!!! This is a $35-40 dollar tops! Lol
Does the like button really work I died😂😂
am I the only one who yells the intro?
what the hell?!  I haven't watched her in a while, but I've been her fan for a long time.... but..  when the hell did she start begging for likes??
Do a does this thing really work on jamberry nails please ☺
Do any other Swamp Family members always do the outro with her or is it just me and my weird self?😅🐊
Why don't you just use tap water instead?
Why does she remind me of jacksepticeye
Why does this girl look and act like Dee Dee from Dexter's Laboratory
can you do a compilation of you washing your brushes?? its really satisfying!!! i love your videos!!!!!!<33 <3 <3 <3
Have you ever done Rocket Copters?  It might be a challenge to video in the dark, but they look so fun and are As Seen On TV!
Wait, how come she started asking for likes? Nothing wrong with it but yeah I'm confused
Are those her real eye?! There beautiful!!
How did u get this item in the U.S? They won't ship it to me in Wisconsin. 😪😪😪😪
i would want to do it a second time with just water like why wouldnt u rinse out the soap???
Just curious. What's up with the asking for help with likes?
how does the like button help out the video? I mean I know it helps her out because her videos are monitized. sooo
does anyone else actually really want to see her try to apply her makeup with the brush spinning?!?!
Does it ruin your brushes though and like spin/stretch it out?
I wonder If I could rig my Dremmel to hold my brushes. That's the first thing I thought of when I saw this device. Also reminds me of those electronic nail/pedicure files. I loves how it drys the brushes. I wouldn't have to wait to use my foundation brush.
Who else thinks Bunny's hair is amazing?
How frequently do we have to clean up makeup brushes ?
no giveaways for us ?
are you wearing safety pins in your ear?
What about rinsing? I bet if you put the brush in clean water they'll be soapy and still dirty.
lol .. does the like button really work?
whats going on with youtube or her channel that she needs likes?
Can you do a review on the Harry Potter makeup brushes?
When did bunny do the color in her hair? Where I have I been? Did you get it cut too? Bunny please tell me!!
could you clean oval brushes with this?
Are those her real eyes??❤️❤️❤️❤️
you think I could use this for paint brushes?
Does it not ship to Florida? because I've been trying to buy it and it says that there are no shipping options for the cart or destination and I don't know what that means? Pls any thoughts?
Are those her real eyes?
does this ship to canada?
Yea but do you rinse the soap off? This seems like it's misses a very important step...
Why is dumping the water such a big deal? you probably use 5 times more water by just rinsing it under running water.
Are her eyes real?
Would it work with denser brushes
Do the new brushes
what if you took the top off the fishbowl and used a hot glue gun to add texture to the bottom on the inside of the bowl. the brushes would get cleaner.
have you have dog man do your makeup yet if not it wood b a blast
Do any of you guys want to support my Insta page? I'm going to start posting nail tutorials and pictures, all made by me! I invite you to go and follow it! It's nails_by_ana_2109😃💝 Thank you guys!
What if you add a little soap to the brushes so you only have to change the water out
Have you tried the eyeliner stamp ? Maybe you could try it for your does this thing really work https://www.facebook.com/sanfilippowingit/videos/1632659273695204/
what camera do you use
Can we make her do her makeup using the twisty thing
DOES THE LIKE BUTTON REALLY WORK??!!! Good one bunny
Is her eye colour real?!
what happened to her hair
what's wrong with ur eyes???
why is she cringing through almost the whole vid
could you please try lipsense lipstick/lipgloss? Apparently it is smudge proof and stuff!! Please please try it!
I don't understand how she almost has 8 million subscribers yet can barely hit 300k likes?? like wth people why don't you like her videos especially since she puts a lot of work into them and has to edit them and stuff the least you can do is like it it litterally takes like 2 seconds if thag
Can you please review the new Neutrogena light therapy acne mask
What is with the creepy facial expressions?
why do u have one earing in but the other one out
Bunny, what if you use the spinner and brush to apply foundation?? I think it will be cool!! 👍🏼👍🏼
"Does the like button really work?!" Ohmygosh Bunny I love you so much. XD I don't know what's been up with Youtube lately, but the whole thing of "the more likes a video has, the more views it'll have," is actually making me so, so frustrated because most of the videos on my home page now are random videos that I'm not subscribed to, and things that I'm absolutely not interested in. I don't know if Youtube actually thought it would be a good idea for the viewers, or if this only has a monetary motivation, but either way it really sucks, and I hope that they change it back to how it was before, or at least come up with something else that isn't such a stress for everyone. But anyway, HAPPY NEW YEAR BUNNY AND LOVE YOU!!! <3 <3 <3
what about actually rinsing out the soap? I would think there would still be soap residue on the brush..
can you try putting makeup on with that?
Bunny! Where did you get your sweater from? :)
Who else does the intro with bunny? 😂🙋🏼
Omg where can I buy this?!
How come your eyes are SO BLUE?!??? I love them 😍
can you try the vibrating foundation brush?
What about rinsing the brush ?
where is your sweater from?
grav3yardgirl would this work the Storybook Cosmetic's HP wand brushes?
Would this work for paint brushes :I?
Did it piss anyone else off that she did it longer than 10 seconds every time?!
put makeup remover in it for cream makeup maybe?
how did you get this?? they keep telling me that don't ship to the US!
I wonder if using Dawn dish soap would work better on the concealer and creme makeup brushes.  Sometimes I use that when I wash those by hand, when I need to cut the oil.  I'm with you on the alcohol, Bunny. :)
Is that your real eye colour c
Does this work on flat brushes, like a flat shader brush?
i feel like first I would run them through soapy water, spin dry, then dilute alcohol into some water, spin it in that solution ,spin dry again, for my peace of mind. maybe pre-cleansing cream-packed brushes? IDK. wondering if this is worth it
I haven't thought of using alcohol as a last step. I might have to try that every couple of washes. How come  this thing doesn't have people rinse off the soap from their brushes in clean water? Either way... I want one!  :)
Perhaps you could wash your brushes in the normal way that you would, but just spin them dry using the machine instead of letting them air dry if you want fast turnover of brushes? -shrugs- :)
did she dye her hair black again?
When did bunny start asking for likes like this 😂 like in the intro I mean the swamp fam loves you there's no reason to be like those other youtubers who do that 😂 idk I love her but I dislike it when they go like "can we hit this many likes!!!" But maybe that's just me
Who's watching in 2017 ?
what? no rinse cycle?!
Who else thinks Bunny should start showing us what she buys for groceries, and what she eats/drinks from day to day ? !
Can I get subscribers? Thank you 😂
Why wouldn't you just wash all or at least a few brushes in the same water then change the water and give those brushes a second "rinse" to get out any left over product? Seems to make a lot more sense than changing the water after every brush.
can someone please tell me why she is now asking for likes? I feel like I'm missing something
who's watching on 2017?😂
What rinses the soap from the brushes?
Her black hair is just clip ins right?
How do you think you would be able to use this with a double ended brush like the ones that come in the naked palettes?
So. . . this thing probably wouldn't work for paint brushes? :( That gives me a sad, because I paint lots more than I do makeup.
Would this work for paintbrushes?.... • - •
Anyone else think Katy whispers compared to bunny? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Is it weird that I clean my brushes with shampoo?
Did you dye your hair with blue highlights?? Cuz it looks good!
Why is she asking for likes? Are times getting tough?
YouTube keeps I subbing me from you :| can't I enjoy a vacay, YouTube???
For your cream makeup brushes, you could clean them using your sigma mat that you said you had and then dry them using the stylpro? I don't know, it's just a suggestion.
It's my moms dogs brother's uncles birthday today can I get 20 likes? XD
Are those her actual eyes because they are just gorgeous
Why doesn't she think she will get 100,000 likes she has over 7 million subscribers
does anyone know if this will eventually damage brushes? it seems like it would because it's making the bristles move in a way that they weren't meant to
Can this work for art brushes, too?
how about using the dirty water to wash all of them then using plain water as the "final spin" then do the last drying cycle at the end.
i feel like theres an extra step thats missing. dont you have to rinse it after putting it in soap water so you wont have soap residue ????
why does this look like  something aliens would use for
How can someone purchase this? I clicked on the link grav3yardgirl provided but it doesn't ship to me, which is in Texas?  I hate washing my brushes, but this looks neat and I would really like to use it!
I've been looking for some good makeup cleaners also, does anyone know where this shirt is from ?? i love it !!
Can you do a DOES THIS THING REALLY WORK for the milk cosmetics holographic highlighters???
So glad bunny finally did another does this thing really work video. I was missing them so much.  I wonder if you put the sigma mat thing in the bottom of the bowl before cleansing the cream makeup brushes, if it would stay put and help clean the brush? If it's silicone, it may just stick to the bowl if you don't put a lot of water in it.  Also, maybe you don't have to put as much soap in each wash if you're emptying it out every time? You might even be able to use 1/2 the water too. Also, I use purity face wash by philosophy to clean brushes and wash my face, it takes liquid makeup off like it was nothing. And for $55 for 32 oz. it's not too expensive when you only use a quarter size amount for your face. I got 2- 32oz bottles. I'm not even 1/3-1/2 way done with the first bottle and I've been working on it since September or August.
I wonder if you can just put your makeup brush in a drill, using the brush as the drill bit..?
Which murad soap is that?
What about attaching your brush to a drill then put it in water :)
This product really seems so pointless. Just wash them?
You dont have to rinse the soap off before you dry it???
How much is the cleaner fish bowl thing ? 😂
What happened to curling your hair with random things?! I loved that series. Like if u want her to do more of those bods
why is she sooo overacting...
Are those youre real eyes???or contacs
what are your eyes? they look like freakin ocean or something
@grav3yardgirl  sorry a bit off topic but would you do a flipping fantastic review!? It's suppose to help with cooking pancakes,eggs etc. Happy New Year!!!
How do over 1000 people miss the like button
Are her eyes real? I've watched her for 3 years and I've never known haha
Can someone please tell me how the brush goes flat when you spin it or is that just the effect just the force of it spinning or am I just being stupid???
how much does it cost
Is it weird that you do not rinse the cleaner out?  Is that normal?
Bunny I saw your next video on snapchat but when is it coming up?🐊🐊
why do they beg for likes o-o?
Have you tried using baby shampoo to clean your brushes? It works really well!!!
Did Bunny cut her hair? Sorry I had to get a new phone and it took 2 weeks
My question would be, if after you cleaned that white brush, if you were to put it under running water would it still be soapy and not run clear? The problem I have with it is it's only in soapy 💦 water. 🤔
How about the Artis brushes? I don't think it would work on them
$80?! No thanks! 😝
Hasn't she posted this video before.....? I seriously remember her already reviewing the exact same product.
Can someone tell me why she needs so many likes? I'm genuinely curious as to why she asking for likes.
Where is the 'rinse' phase?
I feel like these brushes are drying soapy...wouldn't you want to rinse it?
Is her eyes naturally that color? I'm new around here. 👏🏼👀😍
What the fck is this freak
Who's watching in 2017? :)
Bunny how do you normally clean your brushes? i use loooooads of water when I do mine and loads of MAC cleaner :/
Does anybody know where her sweater is from?
why do we need to like your videos bunny? is there a specific reason or.
*clicks*  *feels relaxed* ARE U A MAGICIAN AND YOU DIDNT TELL ME?       Comment if u get the YT reference ;–;
How does she let her brushes get so dirty?
I wonder if this would work with my dremel....  hmmmm....!
What happened to your hair?  Why is it green?
what are likes for
Does she have light green in her hair ?
Anyone else think she's an overactor?
What happend to sweet tea??☹️
Did anyone else seriously die laughing when she turned on the spinning for the first time at 4:00 😂😂😂
I just got this for my birthday and i think one of my brushes is stained blue/green from Halloween eyeshadow :( is there any way to get the stains out? I've washed it so many times with different soaps and then in this product and no luck
Does it ship to the US?
Could you do one of the water massage tables at the mall
R ur eyes naturally that blue?
Does anyone know where her sweater is from?
What part of Texas do you live in
randoooooom but I'm 14 yrs. old, my height is 5"2, I'm a beginner too so what size of the ukulele should i get??
why is there a subscribe to virtuallyvain there?
Bunny! Are you still going to do "wreck it wednesdays" ? also, happy new year!💚
You should start to do a series called does the like button really work? (DTLBRW)  P.S. I love you bunny!!!
how fun!  just under $80?  too much.
I wonder if you could wash hair like this...definitely would make the drying process easier
Bunny can you do the glitter make up challenge ? :)
@Grav3yardgirl  did it ruin any of your brushes? I thought they looked less fluffy after you but then through this.
Hey 🐰!! What about rinsing the soap off?? I would def feel weird about not rinsing the soap off with fresh water bc I would worry about the soap leaving a residue in my brushes bc when I'm just cleaning my brushes off the old fashioned way, if any soap gets left inside the  brush hairs, it has an icky feel that I can't deal with and it also makes the brush not work as well... Did you notice anything like that afterwards? My skin is so sensitive and I'm sure rubbing soap residue on with my makeup would not make my face very happy!!Definitely an intriguing product tho bc I LOATHE washing my makeup brushes and this def looks easy and fun! Thanks for the review! You're ridiculous and I love it! ❤️
hi bunny!! I was wondering if I could buy your makeup at any stores? this might be a stupid question but I really don't know😂
I wonder how that would work on artist's paint brushes. Also maybe try makeup remover for the cream foundation brushes?
I don't think I remember Bunny ever setting a "like goal" on her videos before lmao why is she following that stupid trend now?
Who wishes Bunny could do a DTTRW on the Handy Heater?
Is her hair permanently died, if so when did she die it? I love it!!
What about rinsing before drying?
Why not just use a mug for it? Or a dremel to hold the handle?
Bunny, which do you prefer for cleaning your brushes? This product, or the brush cleaning robot egg (Lilumia)? I like that this one dries it but like you, the no rinsing or sanitising kinda freaks me out. By the way, if you ever need anyone from the UK to ship things you can't get over there or they won't ship to the US, I can hit you up. Happy New Year.
Another youtuber asking for likes?
Is it just cleaning the exterior? I feel like fat brushes take the longest to clean because the makeup settles down inside it. Did it clean inside them too?
What camera do you shoot with?
What camera to you shoot with?
Hi Bunny! It seemed !ike a great tool but what about rinsing off the brushes? Doesn't the soap stay in tbhe brush without rinsing them? But cool video XO
is she engaged?
So can I just attach my makeup brushes to a drill ?? 😂
See the swamp queen palette can u order it and will it ship to the UK? Love u 💚
why is bunny asking for likes? i've never seen her do that
I've just kinda been ignoring it for awhile but, what's wrong with YouTube? Bunny keeps saying to like the video to help it...? Does she just want likes or...? Please answer!
Did it leave hairs in the water, after washes?
Can you do a go to Walmart or target with me again
How does she have a bf i mean I like her but how
why does this remind me of a washing machine for brushes.
Are those her real eyes
Did she get a hair cut ??
ME: does this thing really work!!!!!!!!!!  Mom:are you ok???
How many of you guys actually judge if it works for Bunny b4 buying the item
How many of you guys actually judge if it works for Bunny b4 buying the item
happy new year bunny. I had a question to ask... when are you having another meet and greet? I would really like to meet you ive been watching you for almost 2 years now and I just fell in love with your videos. you helped me through some tough times and would like to thank you.
How old is bunny
Why exactly is she begging for likes tho??
what? Tati  didn't do a video on this >D? I love your does this thing really work series! Only watch yours!
What about rinsing? I wouldn't be comfortable with just spinning the soap out. I wonder about cream products in a fluffier brush...
Wait she has almost 8 mil subscribers how did she not think she wouldn't get 100k likes???
Are her eyes naturally that blue?😍
Bunny what's your skin scare routine??? Your skin looks flawless!!😍
I not only like ur videos... I love them. I always hit like, but why do you have to get a certain amount of like?
I don't get it, why are likes so important all of the sudden?
Would it work for double sided brushes??
Where can I get my hand on one of these! I would like to get it for my sis.
am i the only one using brushes i havent cleaned in a year ? like am i trash? my skin looks fine
can you do a makeup collection
is she playing a character?
How much is this device
how much is that I need it
what kind of brushes do you use??
Um why is there 800 dislikes?
She got her dark hair back?
would it clean better if you used warm/hot water?:)
"Did you think the product was in there?" YES BUNNY THANKS FOR TERRIFYING ME
hi, i'm new here 😏 i'm super confused; some time ago, i watched guytang remove that black dye from her hair, and now it's here again...did she dye it again?
Okay is it just me or was watching the brushes get clean and whatnot kinda satisfying?? No? Just me? Okie dokie. 😂
buttttt shouldnt you rinse the soap out afterwards...?
Is bunny in financial debt or something looking for all these likes
What happened to the "will it curl" segments ?
Is it just me or does her hair look blue? (No hate I love bunny I'm just wondering)
Do Lil outrageous littles toy pls
How much is this device?
"Does the like button really work?!" Lmao love that
Why were you in YouTube Rewind ??
I clean brushes with olive oil then soapy water....would this work if you put oil in it for the stubborn creams?????
I understand washing they with soap but did they mentioned rinsing with clear  water after the soapy water?!
how does this girl have 7.9 million subs ?
I don't use make up but I do a lot of watercolour painting - I wonder if this would be good for cleaning my paint brushes...?
will this work solely for the purpose of drying brushes? You could wash brushes that you use to blend liquid or cream products with your usual routine and then you dry them by spinning them for 10 secs as you would do in the last step of this device?
Shouldn't brushes be rinsed after they are washed?
Or could I just stick my brush iinto my electric drill and spin it around in the sink? :)
I dont get why she asks for likes so intensely now..? Ik there is a reason why but idk it
did anyone else notice her one earring??
I'd be kinda worried about soap residue, since there's no rinsing? I get that it spins most off but.... Still this looks cool! Reminds me of a tiny car wash!
Is it just me or are her eyes like.. Unusually blue?
Why are all you tubers asking for likes? Does it help them get something?
What if you used the vibrating brush handle thing along with your silicone mat instead of the "fish bowl"
Can you do another giveaway please💜
Can you do a video of your normal brush cleaning routine! I feel like your routine is SUPER sanitary (of course!) and could help us so sooooo much!
Ok so how much does it cost?
I'm too lazy to do research, so I'm going to ask fellow SF this: WTF happened to her hair!? Idk if it's me, but her hair looks like she spray painted it! Love the channel though! I hope some day, you'll do a Follow Me Around at IKEA Houston or Round Rock!
i love bunny, but why does she photoshop her eyes to appear bigger in her thumbnails?
How would that work with a flat foundation brush or a dual ended brush?
Did she dye her hair kinda blue or is it just me? sorry I haven't watched in a little bit
Did anyone else want her to do eyeshadow brushes like a flat eyeshadow brush, a blending eyeshadow brush and a pencil brush
What brand is that adorable yellow brush from?
What exactly does liking the video do?
Why does she keep asking for likes recently ? Did I miss something
what is the thumb nail
aren't u supposed  too rinse  out the soap from the brushes??
what did you do to your hair? I loved the way guy tang did it it looked sooooo good.
Don't you need to rinse them to get the soap of them? @grav3yardgirl
Why is Bunny so concerned about getting likes these days? smh
How much is this thing
Too much water maybe? Lol
Do a does this thing really work you should try the straight up brush it kinda looks like it works
is there a reason she asks for likes all of a sudden? feel like I missed something
woh are her eyes naturally that blue?
Did anyone else notice her wearing safety pins on her right ear?
What camera does she use? please help
Is that an "engagement" ring underneath your normal dogman ring? Swamp Family am I nuts?
Isn't it against youtube's rules to ask for likes like that?
Not even watching the video but what does she do to her eyes in the thumbnail? Trippy!!
Wait, didn't Bunny spend a long time trying to get the dye out of her hair? Why is it back?
What if you used warm/hot water, instead if room temp.
does anyone know the second brush she was using? the black handle with the rode gold barrel?
Can someone please explain to me why the "likes" are so important for the video? Honest question..
who else liked the video before even watching
how much is this? ????
I wonder if this would work for cleaning paint brushes....
I wonder if you put alcohol in the bowl for your cream based makeup... it might work. I was worried at the end of the video, I envisioned the brush grabbing your hair and twisting it into knots. Thank you for sharing and have a Great New Years Eve!
is she always this over the top?
what about warmer water for wet products
your hair looks dark teal instead of black lately. hmmm did you recolor it?
Maybe try and put a handheld brush cleaner in the bottom of the bowl? I wonder if that'd work?
Where can you get this?
Or clean your brushes more often?
Bunny can you try the goat case ?!? The one that supposedly can stick to any surface. I think it'd be cool to see you try it.
so do the likes help you increase revenue/attract advertisers or something?
Does This Thing Really Work? https://www.google.com/amp/www.allure.com/story/hourglass-curator-lash-instrument/amp?client=safari
I am really curious does the Harry Potter makeup brushes fit in it?
What part of her house does she film in? Btw I love your does this thing really work videos!!💜🖤
Am I the only weirdo that uses shampoo and conditioner on their brushes? Lol
Is there no rinsing in just water?  I rinse my brushes after cleaning them.
I'm new here.  1:29 seconds in - does she stop shouting or start to talk normally?
what made bunny choose YouTube?
can you please to more toy does this thing tealy work
Why does need that many views?
Have you done a video on what your murad regiment is.  If not do you plan on doing one. I use murad as well and love it but would like to see what you use.  Maybe I can change mine up slightly.  😀
I love her hair like this anyone else???
Let me ask you Bunny...do you empty your sink every time you wash your dishes? Of course not...think of it the same way. :) It's so wasteful to keep using your detergent and water after each brush.
Does anyone else get ads in the middle of her videos? I enjoy bunny's channel but find myself watching less. This is the only channel I experience this as well
Bunny would you please do a favorite makeup brush video??? I really want to know which ones you use.
Am I the only one who finds themselves disappointed when I see "dislikes" on Grav3uardgirl's/Bunny's videos? ☹️ I just find her personality so refreshing. My children (boys and girls from 4-14) and I all love to watch her videos.
is there a hack for slime
Whyyyyyyyyy is the ad in the middle Of the video?!
Can we have a segment on your channel where you clean your brushes and just talk to us. It was oddly soothing watching brushes being clean. Lol
does anyone else think the way she said ferrule was weird. its definitely just pronounced feral like a feral (wild) cat lol
Does Anybody Really Want To Clean There Brushes Like Right Now lol🐊 I don't have this yet but I'm going to get it after watching this, I'm going to clean my brushes now but it won't be as fun as this lol 🐊 I've been here since the beginning ❤
Where does she have the room to keep all the products she buys ???!
Okay I've seriously got to ask. Are your eyes SERIOUSLY that blue!? They're flippin' gorgeous!!!
is bunny's black blonde hair come back
Someone please tell me is bunny married?
Isn't "Ferrule" Pronounced like "Feral" ?? I always thought it was.
What is that ring that bunny wears on her ring finger? is it like a promise ring?
Is she ingaged
What's up with asking everyone to please click the like  videos lately?
Surely you have to rinse it??
could you do a few brushes in each dose of water, then use some warm clean water to rinse?
How even does she have 7 million followers and don't even get 300k likes
is she on crack? she looks insane...
Is your black fading?.... it looks like a dark darkkkk blue and it really looks amazing😍😍😍😍
wait what is going on with youtube that we need to get likes for?
a 30 second ad bunny, really?
I so want this now, for all my brushes from face to paint brushes! Thank you Bunny, for showing us DOES THIS THING REALLY WORK!?!!! 😁
What about rinsing them? like isn't there soap in them? just wondering.
Why are ads in the middle of your videos?:/ makes me not want to watch, especially since we have to get through the beginning ad too...
How did you purchase? I'm in Texas as well but it kept saying there's no shipping available for us. How did you get around that?
how can “thumbs up“ help any video out? what's the point?
How are you eyes so blue 😳
What if you found a way to stick makeup brushes on a drill and put it in a bowl
Does the like button really work? Oh my gosh loved that!
Why not fill the same bowl with alcohol and do the same exact thing after washing them?
do I spy blue in Bunny's hair?
So is anyone else thinking fishbowl vase and a drill? Also I add a little alcohol to the soapy water, wash all through it once then rinse each with clean alcohol and water.
*QUESTION!* This might sound dumb, but what should I wash my brushes with?? I usually just use hand soap, but for some reason I feel like that's bad for the brushes/my skin.  Are there any CHEAP makeup washes that I should try? And are there any alternatives (like hand soap) that I can use instead of makeup washes? Thanks❤️
What if she puts the alcohol into the water and soap mixture. That way it will be sterile and clean.
what's going on with the likes? is there a problem worth the videos? why do the videos need to be liked so much?
Hey Bunny, can you test out the spay on nails to see if they will work? Bye you're my favorite YouTube EVER!! Love you and your vids
I don't understand why Bunny has to ask for likes. She has over 7 million subscribers. Don't those people get notifications? I certainly do.
And you're not supposed to rinse the brush?  I always do.
should i do a DOES THIS THING REALLY WORK for the SILLISPONGE?  let me know!  (ง ° ͜ ʖ °)ง  thank you so much for being here today SWAMP FAMILY!  ♥  i love you & i hope you're having an AWESOME DAY!
Anyone want to subscribe to this account? I can subscribe back from my two channels, and like a lot of your videos! Please!
Does anyone know what earring she is wearing??? It looks hella cool 💕
Can you do the random makeup challenge?
who else remembers Bunny's ghost videos?
Does anyone know why Bunny started asking for likes? I don't mind at all, I'm just just wondering cus I know before she didn't and now she does. I feel like I missed something.
hey bunny I recommend Johnsons baby shampoo to clean your brushes it's really gentle and inexpensive... I've used it for years maybe you could give it a try? xx
Can you please do a video where you try to apply you makeup with the spinning thing😹💗
She died her hair again?!!
what is she talking about when she mentioned the stuff w/ youtube and her channel?
I wonder if you used warm water if that would  work better with the cream product
A drill and some type of silicon attachment 😱 diy?
Why is every YouTuber asking for likes? Is it to show up on the trending page?
But maybe u can just use spining thingy to just make the brushes dry? After u have washed them.
Maybe the product works better for fluffier brushes? The brush with the concealer was not as flexible as the others, I think that's the reason it isn't 100% clean
Why the unskippable ad halfway through???
Do you dump out your dishwater after washing each dish? It's the same concept. 😊
Does it work for paint brushes? Oil and acrylic paint?
Do the ads really need to interrupt the video? 😑
Is it okay if I clean my brushes with baby shampoo, cause that's what I use...
So this might be a little excessive but what is stopping her, or anyonr with enough hindsight, from buying another one and cleaning the brushing again but rather the soap-and-water but rubbing alcohol instead? You probably would not use as much but it would clean, santize, and dry your brushes
Do you think that it would work on paint brushes
Her and Dogman always wore the same ring which I assumed were couples rings...but now she's wearing a second ring with it...so did they get married? 💕
Okay so is it just me or is her hair like a greenish grey color on some parts? Not a huge fan of the way Guy did her hair. (I love the black and blonde, just not the way Guy did it)
if bunny is moving, is she staying in texas ????!!!
does she know like button doesnt do anything??
Looks like she has a thin diamond band on with her promise ring . Anyone see it ? She looks so happy too!
I'm wondering if this would work on kabuki brushes with very short handles, would it reach down? Does anybody know?
omg where can I buy this!!!???
Can you do another "can it curl" video?? Please!! : )
What if you "pre-cleaned" the cream makeup and then used the machine for a second clean?
Murad makes brush cleaner? I didn't know that.
@ BUNNY Can u do another does this thing really work but with food?
I have the same brush and don't know how to use it!! can someone hellllppppp???
Bunny I LOVE that sweater where is it from?
Y was she not in YouTube rewind??
happy new year you guys! what are your goals for 2017?😀
Why is her hair green?
Any small youtubers wants be friends?💕
Does anyone know if this works with the real techniques powder brush? Or any of their face brushes? Its just i imagine the shape of the handle would be a bit odd for the thing that holds them
could just use less soap if you're gonna dump it between individual brushes, too
I am noticing the influence of poppy here ! am I right ? AM I? love u bunny <3
BUNNY I WONDER WHY THE OTHER LAST VIDEOS DIDN'T GET THAT MUCH LIKES??...I MEAN IT'S REALLY NOT THAT MUCH HARD...ONLY CLICK LIKE!?I ALWAYS LIKE YOUR VIDEOS EVEN YOUR OLD ONES....
Can you just make an entire video cleaning all your brushes it looks so cool
maybe if you use warmer water with the cream concealer brush?
You should try putting your makeup on with this tool... hahaha stylpro makeup challenge anyone?
What about using hot water?
When did she change her hair????
Bunny🐇 Can you please try the "dermacol" makeup next?
isnt it pronounced ferrel like barrel?
Can you review the peach makeup pallet
what if you made a big mixture of soap and water in a jug and just kept pouring it in inbetween
I wonder where Bunny keeps her Plumbus? Everyone has one.
Do you feel like the spinning compromised the shape of your bristles? Or was it easily manipulated back into the right shape? Love you Bunny!
For rubbing alcohol I recommend using 70%. For the next does this thing really work, can you do recolor? I saw it on a TV commercial. I would change the water too after each brush.
Why do the "that many likes" thing? It's like youtubers don't want to know if their subscribers liked the video anymore, they just care about the views... too bad, Bunny.
wait...she dyed her hair blue???!!
Why is she begging for likes now? Did I miss something?
Whose gonna be cheap and go to the garage and rig a drill to clean their brushes now?🙋🏼🙋🏼🙋🏼
Is she married
lol does the like button really work ?      oh bunny you had me cracking up xxxxx😂
Is your black hair fading to blue? It looks blue on my iPad!
Aren't they still soapy?? They didn't get a rinse. My husband made me one of these with a drill, why didn't I market that?!
whats up with always begging for likes these days?
Wait there is black in her hair again - did I miss something???
Didn't Shannon upload a video on this today also ?
What was that yellow brush called?
Am I weird?  I'm a guy that doesn't know anything about, nor care about, makeup, but I find Bunny so entertaining to watch.
am I the only one who does her intro with her?
Why is she asking for likes all of a sudden?
Is it just me or does her hair look a little green? I'm kind of into it hahahaha
just wondering: are you guys more likely to thumbs up a video when the youtuber tells you to?
Shouldnt you use warm water?... just a suggestion
How much is this??
Wouldn't you have to rinse off the soap in plain water though? 🚰🛁
can someone explain what is wrong with the liking system
Does any one else see that Bunny`s hair is green?
Id like to see the silisponge video. i see this and i just think hhmm wonder if i could rig up my dremel to do that??
I don't even wear makeup... why am I watching this?
who else came from SC
why not just tape ur brush handle on the electronic drill and get a cup of soapy water instead of spending over $20
Having trouble with the website when I tried to order.  I selected USA but keeps reverting back to the U.K. page when I hit the checkout button.  Is anyone else having the same problem?
safety pins on your ears for anti-trump??
hey, what is going on did bunny's black strands come back?  where have i been??
Do makeup brush cleaner things work on paint brushes? (Also am I the only one who said "Does this thing really work?!" when bunny said it?)
who else thinks bunny is rlly pretty in this? 😘 hi from England x
do you think this would work with the Harry Potter makeup brushes?
Does her hair look blueish to anyone else or am I just crazy
Why is her hair greeny blue?
Oh my Jeebus.. first 'does this thing really work?' that I NEED to purchase immediately.. love you bunny!!!! ❤🐰xxx
has anyone else tried to purchase this device and it would let you chose a shipping method?
dont you guys like rinse the brushes with clear water after washing it with soapy water?
Ok, I am really confused, where does Bunny film, she said she has a sink right next to her so is she in a bathroom? (not judging)
Did it not leave soap residue on the brushes because you don't rinse them?
Wait, you don't rinse the dirty water off the brush before drying it?
Bunny, will you make a tea vlog about your goals for 2017? I love your long unedited tea vlogs, it makes me feel like i'm having a sip with a firend ^^
Have you ever been trolled     Read more
maybe warm water would work on the concealer brush?
Where did u buy it
When was she doing that shoe haul? Im still waitin
So, what about rinsing the soap out? Does the spinning take care of that? I think I'm ordering one of these!
Why don't I like after the video is over? That way Its my honest opinion and not just, "lets see how many likes we can get?"
Does anybody know how much this cost please ?
omg the earliest I've been !! Swamp Fam where you at?💚🐊
Why does bunny need likes? I didn't hear what happened.
can you try The Vanity Planet facial pore cleanser
I wonder if you added a teeny bit of alcohol to the wash water with the cream brushes
Bunny, will you please film a house tour of your home and your NEW home?!?!  Pllleeaaassseee with sugar on top. 💚💜
Love you Bunny....what about using the soap on first run then for second cleaning just plain water? 🐊🐊🐊🐊🐊
I wonder if you could use like micellar water?
Does bunny have snapchat
Let's be honest... how often do you guys down in the comments clean your brushes? Judgement free zone
You have sink in your room??Girl thats cool!! I love you!!❤❤
Can't you clean your cream makeup brushes the regular way and then use this just to dry it?
How much is it
Can u test the spin scrubber
Is it just me or is Bunny's hair starting to look blue?
ok clearly I missed something what's the deal with likes now? Like no duh, im gonna like bunnys vid but ?? What did I miss
I love you bunny 🐰! Can you do a haul video of affordable makeup products off of the site wish? Would really love to see a video like that!
Can the next "does this thing really work" be about my brain? Because I feel like I get more and more stupid everyday 😂
does anyone else do bunny's intro with her? just me??
What's going on with the like button? Why does the video need a lot of likes?
early squad where you at?
WHERE'S THE EARLY NOTIFICATION SQUAD??! 🐊🐊❤️
What's your snapchat?
Why does she need likes?? Like what's going on??
I love "Does this thing really woooork??" 😍😍
Are those her real eyes colour
why is this video 18 minutes long tho
Am I early?
What do the likes on a video do?
Notification squad, where you at?
Does the like button really work?!! 😂😂😂
Can u react to hate comments I would never give u a hate comment but I want to see u roast people
YAY! Another Does this thing really work? 😊😊😊
Notification squad where you at?!!!? 👑👑👑👑❤❤❤😍😍😍
Can you do another pintratest plz
early squad where you at???
Could this product work for paintbrushes?