Are they good for like day-to-day things like putting your hair up and stuff because I’m about to make them and I don’t wanna regret it😅
Also what kind of glue do you recommend?
Ok so no putting on the acrylic powder at all? Also what kind of clear nail polish do you recommend? I’m so excited about to try all of this
Does it work with any powder
where do you purchase the materials???
What type of glue are you using ? hope that's not a silly question
Watching silently, what is the liquid with the cornstarch?
Can I just do this using a full nail tip instead of a 3/4?Do I needto do anything different?
lmao can you use pancake mix if you have nothing else?😂
does anyone know if this works with regular polish and cornstarch or flour? i don’t have gel polish…
Can i use corn flour instead of corn starch?
Can you use this same method with gel polish? And a uv light?
Sorry to ask, but what was white power?
Can’t wait to try this! Will any clear polish work or the cornstarch layer?
How many days does it lasts
What is these white color things?!
Wont the nail bend because it's so thin?
Hi! Can you please do a video on how to remove them? Or if you did can you plz link it down below
When you say “last about a week” do you mean that’s how long before the tips start coming off?
Could I try this look but use gel polish instead?
Should you apply a base coat to your nails before attempting this?
Do you have a video how to remove this?
I don't really understand, so nail polish remover is enough to remove the glue underneath the tip?
You can see the line where the tips are? They just look bad. Idk why everyone’s hyping you up??
I wish I have cornstarch but can I use baking soda for substance?
Please let me know the products you used and where are they available online?
How long does it last tho
Can you substitute the corn starch for baby powder?
Constarch and normal clear polish? Sorry i couldn't hear nicely.
would flour work ?
How long does the cornstarch and clear polish take to dry? Xx
I am a mom and I wash dishes a lot...can I wash dishes with these?
Can they be removed easily with nail remover???
can you use any glue or does it have to be nail glue?
Are they pretty strong?
Does the nail glue have alcohol inside it?
where do you buy the nail tips from ?
Did anyone else fuck up on the corn starch part? Or just me?
where did you get your acrylics?
What Nail Glue Do You Use?
how to remove it
Is there any alternative for the nail tips so I can extend the nails? Can’t go shopping cause of quarantine😢
Who’s here because your trying to do your nails over quarantine?😂
Ran out of nail glue any substitute?
does it have to be clear polish?
When I got acrylic nails the drill did not hurt.... umm
Just curious how durable are these? It doesn’t seem like there’s much to hold up the tips?
So you mix clear gel with cornstarch? Thanks
Did y’all also hear her smile throughout the video? ^.^ soo cuuute go gurl!!!
OMG what are the exact products you used ? ! 💞
Hi! How do you remove it??
what are those white things?
What drops did she use at 00:32??
I have very thin, weak, ridged nails. I want beautiful nails so bad. Do you have any suggestions for me if I try this?
Can someone tell me how to remove it
What type of glue do you use?
The clear polish and cornstarch mix is it regular polish or gel polish? Thanks
am i the only one seeing the lumps?!
I wonder if this would work for a fill?
I saw a video with baking soda and glue have you tried it?
can you use corn meal instead?
How do you take them off? Thanks so much for the tips!!!
Wait idk if I just didn’t hear it but how long do they last? And what can I use as a replacement for cornstarch?
Alternative for cornstarch?
Who is still watching this in 2019?
This is literally just gluing tips onto your nails ?¿
are u using UV lamp to bake the "gel"?
Why not use silk or fiberglass? You can add over the tip then file smooth. You'd never know they weren't your nails. Working in the salons,  my hands were wet constantly and i had mold issues.  So i started using silk which is smoother then fiberglass and Vwalla!. Easy to remove and reapply when needed. No fills either. Id lay a bit more after a month and file. In shops they suggest buffing  and such. I just used the dehydrator and 1st coat for acrylic applications but silk with tip tell my nails grew to length I wanted.  And only a total imbecile would buff the nails to the point you showed in the pic. Its a soft buff nothing more.
What kind of powder is that
What are the clear stuff you are using
What is the clear polish at 2:16 anyone help me pls and thx😁
What if you don’t have clear polish ?
would the glue and starch work, instead of the polish??
How do you take these off at home?
How long did the set last ?
Is there a "How to remove fake acrylic nails" video?
How to remove it 🙄?
Is cornstarch baby powder a good subsititue
How long do they last
If you already have long nails, can you just use the cornstarch and nail polish as the acrylic? The just paint it?
Wouldn’t the top of the nail be super flimsy though because she only hardened the middle of the nail??
How can she remove it
Is there any alternative for the cornstratch-polish?
What kind of glue did she use?
i have a friend who's nail bed is very damaged and she doesnt like it. what do you recommend she do instead of the salon?
Did she mix water and constarch?
Where can i get fake nails or nail extensions? N wat did u mixed with cornstarch?
Hey! Loving ur channel and hacks. What glue did U use? My sister does something similar with superglue cause she is a biter n has like really short nails. I want to try acrylics but I'm not sure if they are for me.
Can I use something else for the clear polish?
i can paint them with gel right??
bro what type of glue she use?
why would you even get your nails done when you can do this!?
Can I play piano with it on?
How do you take them off
What kind of glue do you use to apply the nail extensions?
How do they last?? Theres no strength in them...I tried this and they all were off after a day!!! Also how does washing a file regenerate the crystals that have been worn down from filing ???!!!
Is there something else than cornstarch or flour you can use :c?
I'm looking for petite clear artificial nails. Any idea?
Can you use baby powder instead of cornstarch
question: can you re-use the plastic nail after you remove the nails?
What about when you take a shower ?!
Thank you! What products did you use?
how thick of a layer should i use for the cornstarch and how thick should the cornstarch and clear polish mixture be?
I don’t have cornstarch at home. Instead of cornstarch what should I use?
Can you show us how to do fiberglass nails diy 😍
Could I use straws? 😂
Hey! Can u use a nail form with these instead of tips because they r the only things i have xxxx???
can i use the cornstarch concept to refill my acrylic nails??
Where did you you buy the tips you used?
I occasionally will apply hard gel to my natural nail (I don't drill or sand down my nail - maybe just a slight buff) - is that ok?
I don't get how they're acrylics because she didn't use any acrylic powder all she used were tips?????
Why do you want to look like you have claws?
what nail glue do u use
Does it matter what kind of nail glue you use?
Does anyone know the nail colour please?
Where can I buy these nails that are clear
Does it work with flour?
what colour nail polish is this? x
I type for a living. Will this last?
Which glue is it? Is it like nail glue?
i want to try this but would the nails not be bendy?
Can you use gel polish over this?
Are these nails strong?
WTF? You can totally see the the lines where the tip is. The polished result looks like you made your bed and tucked your sheets in before the polish was dry. Terrible.
Cant wait to try this!!! Could you do a video showing how to safely remove them after a week or so without damaging your natural nail? Fabulous job!!!!
So where did she get the nail extensions for $4-6?
How are they acrylic if they're not acrylic?
Does it work with baking Soda?
What kind of glue do you use
All that work for only a week? And they honestly look lumpy because they are. There's a reason people get acrylic.
Should these be filled with cornstarch and the clear polish?
Anyone know what the name of the glue that she used is and where I can get it?
Do the tips snap off easy?
I don't get the point of putting extra base coat underneath. Wouldn't it just be covered by the color over it?
How Can you take Them of Can you make a video when you take Them of
Which Colour of nail polish u used
Can you take those nails off with nailpolish remover? And if you can't then how do you need to take them off? :)
does anyone know what the shape is called?
Hi, this was very interesting to watch and I was really hoping I’d find something that would actually work, and I did! But I was wondering if you could sleep with these on or will they get damaged?
Can u plz clarify if you used a clear coat, base coat and top coat ( seperate nail polishes) or its all the same things (one nail polish)
Hi there, I'm new to this press-on nail stuff and have been searching the variables all day..bleh I'm wanting to know what tips you use (brand wise) and why don't you use a full nail press-on? What's the diff?
Where can you get this kit ?
I want to try these so bad but I have two small children. Are they likely to still last a week??
How do you remove the tips?
Is this good to just apply to the nails to make the polish last longer like acrylic would?
where did you get the white tips you put on for the fake nails? or where could I get some?
Is the base coat 100% necessary??
Have you been trained? Cause I have and you've said a bunch of untrue things.
0:20 what happened to your finger?😅
Do they stay on like acrylic  doesn't seem like much support.
What glue does she use?
What glue is that?
how to remove fake nail ?
How long does the cornstarch and nail varnish take to dry???
Which glue u used at first?
What did u use for the extensions?
what glue do u use
how do you take of the acrylic part of (the part you put glue on)
Can i use regular flower or baby powder? ( i am allergic to corn starch)
without a build up of product, would those be secure enough?
where do you get the nail tips? are there any brands that are good?
What is the corn starch mix wit??
Hey how do remove it girl ?
how do you take these off? just nail polish remover? and what kind of nail glue do you use?
Isnt it better transparent tips? Look maybe more natural
How strong are they??
can you use gel polish on this?
How do you remove them ?
I’m on my second set of acrylics atm, I took my first set off after 4 weeks and my natural nails were surprisingly fine? I was able to keep my natural nails long even after acrylics
Does anyone know what she mixes the cornstarch with, I couldn't hear her?
hi! my question is how exactly would you take these off since it's an original method..? thanks, love you alexandra!
What glue do you use? Are you supposed to be filing the fake nail down so it blends with the natural fingernails? How long do you suppose to wait for the nails to dry if you don't have a dryer?
What kind of glue are you using in the video?
Where can I buy the clear stick on nails you used in this video? Also awesome tutorial btw
Are the nails waterproof? And does they fall out easily so for example when you play basketball (for school xD)
Do they come off really easy and if not which fingers do come off easy and which don’t .ps I love you ❤️💕
I'm confused, why would you do all that instead of just growing your nails out? My natural nails look exactly the same as your end results, length and shape
I have acrylics on right now could I use this method as a fill?
Great video. How do you take them off?
also how do you get the nail tips off?
where do you buy the nail extensions from
How long does the corn flour take to dry after applying it
Can you just build it with out tips??
What are the white things you put on to make your nails look longer? I’m sorry I think this is super obviously but I really don’t know it
How do you take the nails of?
Can you please pray for me and my family because we live in Raleigh nc and hurricane Florence is coming as category 4
Does anyone know what glue she used to attach it?
Can we mix cornstarch with something eslse than clear nail polish or base/top coat cause i don’t have these anymore
Where can I buy the press on for 6 dollars tho
I like the white tip look...so how n what do you do for that???
How long do these last  2 weeks???
What was the brand of nail glue did she use?
Do i have to put base coat
Can i try whitout cornstatch and put flour?
What type of glue did you use?
Are they water proof?
Does anyone else think that if she didn't color her nails they would have looked like French tips and they were so beautiful
Can we use flour instead?? I don’t have cornstarch
Can u please tell me which glue  .. clear nail polish and cornstarch u have used .. from amazon or any other sight .. please
these are beautiful! what kind of glue did you use? 💗
has anyone had any problems with removal? And how do you remove them?
I don’t have clear nailpolish, so can I USE blue or white nailpolish??
Has anyone tried this without tips?? If you did, please let me know if it worked and how did it. Thanks!!
Anything other than cornstarch you can use??? Cant find any in the UK 😂
QUESTION: are they easy to come off? also its joys running the top part with the glue correct ? not the whole nail? I have thin nails and acrylics get expensive !
I have a question what if you put you hands in water regularly? Will it come off easily
Where do you get the clear nails packets
My question is, how easy do the pop off or break? I work in a plant and always get acrylic put over my natural nail (NO TIPS) with gel polish.. they never break.. but I would love to try this but only if they wont just snap off like press ons
Can you do this without tips to have strong nails? I.E. the cornstarch mix.
Where can i buy the nails? Maybe Walmart?
Hi, is this paper???
What do I need to buy and where please?
Can you let me know what color you used for your nails they look really nice thanks
Were did you get the clear tips??
Why dont you just use full tips? Then you dont have to fo the cornstarch thing. The rest is sl the same and you can choose to place them with nail clue or with stickers
Can this Cornstarch concoction be used on the whole nails if i just want my naturals nails to be thickened a bit.
Which products did you use and where did you buy them?? X
Would a nail overlay work the same way? I naturally have long nails anyway just want to be able to wear polish without it chipping so quickly
how do you remove it
How do you remove them?
Where did you get the tips?
Can you tell my all the tools you used
What is the ingredients
can I use flour instead of cornstarch???
Where do you get the nail Extensions
What is the nail color you used? I loved it!
All the cretins saying acrylics dont cause damage, are you joking? Because you literally have to file the nails down so the acrylic will adhere (which is damaging no matter how you look at it)
What nail glue do you use? Are there special types that are better for your nails than others?
Hey. Do you know how to remove fake nails?
How do you take them off?
Can i use flower? Instead of cornstarch
What are the materials you was using to prep your nails.
Very creative but does this work for mommies that washes dishes all tha time??? Mmm🤔.... But cute tho but acrylic is going to hardened and stay hard...
Is there any alternative to cornstarch?
how do you take them off??
Is it just me or does she sound like @AndreasChoice?
Where did you buy the tips
How do I take it off?
What kind of glue
can you use baking soda instead of corn starch?
Will this work to fill in salon nails? I was looking for a cheaper solution and this came up.
what glue do you use?
What tools did you use and where can I get them
Can you cut them before you glue them to your nails?
what is that white thing ?
Is there a alternative you can use if you dont have corn starch
Would this also work with flour?
How long does the cornstarch take to dry once u put it on ur nails??
Hey awesome video!! What glue did you use? And can you use gel polish over top?
Help!! While in the shower, my cornstarch nails literally started to peel off. Like the polish was peeling off.. :( how do I keep the cornstarch nails from getting like that? I’ve noticed that when I put them in water, the cornstarch starts to unharden 😿 so sad because I did those last night and I had to take them all off after my shower because they all got ruined 😿
I love the look but my only problem is what if the glue loosens and u Loose a nail? 😰🤧
Can potato starch work lol
Can we leave the nail on like a french tip without nail polish??
what Nail Polish color is this?
Can someone tell me how to remove them
I want to do this but, do they come off too easily? like for the glue, can it make the fake part come off? i had fake nails before, and i couldnt have them on for more than i think 2 days because i had gym class and they popped off :/
How come I could see the tip when I polish 😩
How long do these last?
What kind of glue?
Where did you get the extensions???
How do you remove them?
Do you have a recommendation on how to make already natural long nails keep from breaking? Like I don’t mean vitamins. I have natural long nails but once they hit their sweet spot, the corners begin to break. Friends tell me to get gel or acrylic over them but I hate how they buff the nails out thin. I’ve also tried keeping nail polish on but they will begin cracking and break after a certain length.
Only a week?
I’ve tried this and every time I tried they would pop off or come home within 30 minutes. What am I doing wrong? Do u have an advice or tips for them to let long without them falling off my nail??
I tried this like 3x and they always pop off or come off when I do things. What am I doing wrong? Or is there any advice for them to stay on without them falling off
Could you cut and shape the nails before you attach them?
Is this brand cruelty free & vegan?
Where did you get the nail extension (the white thing)
Are they sharp at the tips? Worried about hurting my baby.
Does this work with flour
My nails are extremely short! Will they work on very small finger nails?
Where do u get the fake nails from?
How do you remove these??
Oh noooo who keep their acrylics for only a week??  😴
instead of clear nail polish with the corn starch could I use brush on nail glue then apply the corn starch?
can you use full nails instead of tips?
Love this!!!!! Thank you!!!! I have glue on nails, but I'd like to save them for special occasions cause there really expensive. So, could I get these at a dollar store or something? Or are they only at like Walmart and stuff. Thanks😊
can you list the products you have used? the glue, the nails, the nail polish brand, etc.
How much is to much cornstarch??
Did u paint the clear tips white for this video? Or did u not use the clear tips?  I want to try this! Thank you for sharing :):)
How do you take them off?
can i do french mani with this method or would they look weird? 😊
Hi, what kind of glue do you use and where do you get it?
How do you remove them? I’ve pulled mine off it hurts I’ve got one hand to go and it’s like owwww
Can you type with these? Wash dishes? Or clean?
I have to ask. What must that feel like when your break one? Also how long does all that work last for?
are these nails sturdy? I want to try this but really like the durability of acrylic nails!
What kind of glue do you use for this?
How long do these last?
What nail glue did you use? 😃 I'm not sure if you mentioned it @AlexandrasGirlyTalk
What makes these better than traditional press on nails
How can you actually remove acrylic nails??
How you remove this off ?
Where do you get the plastic extension pieces?
Do u have to use glue for the salon or glue for like fake nails?Please respond as fast as you can please!
Are these super frail? They frail and its making me nervous. Haha
Has anyone used gel polish with this
I'm 16 and my mom still won't let me get fake nails any tips ?
What kind of glue are you using?
are they weak though? I know acrylics are a bitch to get off but they're really strong and that's why I like them. is there any way to make this method give you strong nails like acrylics??
I have known about this method and this video for a long time but I just now tried it myself. I really like how my nails turned out but I have one question... How do I take these off? Is there a better way than killing my nails in acetone for 20 minutes hahah😂
what did you use to prep your nails at the beginning?
How do i remove these??
Can I use a clear top coat instead of a clear polish?
What is the glue you are using?
What Glue are you supposed to use?? I really need to know? (I'm a Girl😂)
What glue did you use? Because I've gotten those fake nails at Claire's with the glue and if you get glue on your skin well , it kinda stays there , and I don't want that but wanna try out this tutorial!
I used a old kit and some nail glue I found and they didn't even stick for a day they kept popping off and I had to glue them on every single time,  ima try it again with a new kit but anybody know how to keep them on?
Hey! Would these last longer if gel polish was used? X
What type of glue do u use
I have 2 questions  1: how do you make them thinner  2: how do you take them off?
How long do they take to dry and what's the ratio of cornstarch to polish???
How long will it stay?
I have like no nails will this work for me ???
What if the size don't fit no more
Where do you buy the tips from ?
So I bought the Kiss Acrylic set and decided that I didn't want to damage my nails with the drill or inhale those nasty chemicals when I came across your tutorial and so, I tried it out on my pinky nail. It worked quite well and the results were great! That said, because the 'filler' is made of nail polish, when I eventually remove the nail color/design in a week, do I have to 'fill' the area or do you just paint over it? I would imagine nail polish remover would likely damage the bond created with the polish/cornstarch slurry. I should add that I don't like super long nails, I just like them slightly longer than my finger tips, but my natural nails break all the time so I like to use the tips. Thanks for your assistance in advance!
Is itvpossible to do this at home with natural nails?
What kind of glue did you use?
Does the nail glue damage your natural nail at all?
where u get the powder n liquid from
Can you do this to your nails every week if they last one week? Ps sorry if the question is confusing
What is the nail polish you used in this video? Love it!
I really want acrylics but I'm 13 and every place that I live near me says you have to be 16 or older but I thought acrylics last like 3 weeks do they HELP PLZ?!
How do u get the nail off?
How do u remove them?
did she use nail glue
What brand of glue was that ? And where can I get those nails ?
how do you take them off?
how do you remove these without damaging your real nails?
so the nail glue is removable with normal Aceton based nail polish?
What glue is used????
Does it have to be cornstarch it can it be something else? Thank you X
How do u remove them???
I don't have any nail glue or corn starch what can I use for my nails and can I use flour for the acrylic?
what store can i buy the fake nails at?
how strong will they be when using cornstarch vs acrylic
How long do these last?
What kind of glue did she use? Just regular glue?
Do you have to use gel polish when doing acrylics?
Where did you get the set of clear nails?
what is the color she used called?
what is the color she used called?
How did you get these off!
Why isn't the thumbnail the thumbnail?
how long did this take you?
What color is that?! The nail polish? All I saw is the brand
What acrylic nails did u use and where can I get them? They were a white color and looked different from the clear ones u showed before
I'm going to give this a go what did you mix your cornstarch with? You said clear nail polish? Is that base coat? Top coat? Nail hardener? I've never actually seen clear nail polish anywhere. Thanks
Do these nails last in pool water? I want to wear them to the beach, but idk if they'll last.
Can I use the corn starch and clear nail polish as nail glue
Can you use water instead of clear polish? Or any other color polish?
Can you do this same look with gel nail polish? Would the UV lamp melt the tips?
can you use baby powder for this?
I'm curious wouldn't the nails be so thin and bendy?
Could you please tell me what would happen if you just mixed acrylic powder with the nail polish rather than using corn starch.
Can I use any fake nails?
I love how u do this!! it's genius! o don't have cornstarch van I use the avrlyic powder if I file it well???
I love how u do this!! it's genius! o don't have cornstarch van I use the avrlyic powder if I file it well???
has it even damaged your nail at all?
Is there a substitute for the cornstarch?
Omg I KNOW IM LATE BUT! HOW Do u take them off?
Where did you get the fake acrylic nail thingies?!!!?!!!!?!!!?!!!?!!!?!!!?!!!!!!?!!!!!!!?
How can u remove it?
What if you can't/don't have cornstarch
Can i mix cornstarch with base coat?
What color nail polish your using?
how long do they usually last ??
What kind of glue was used?
i have natural style nail TIPS but i want to wear them to school, any ideas to make them look real like clear acrylics? thanks xox
Could I put that mixture on my whole real nail to make the layers even or does it not work that way?
Can you list all the equipments and nail brands and polishes you used in this video? This is such a healthier way! Who would of thought lol. Love it!!!
What color is this nail polish
Did anyone try this ?
If you decide you want to take them off will they just come off like normal with nail polish remover?
Can I use baby powder or flour?
will flour work? Can you use full false nails?
What is the name of the nails you have? They look small which is good I have small hands.
Also - Would I get the same affect/better affect if I were to mix the corn starch in with acrylic liquid rather than clear polish ?
Do they break off easily ? And do you think by applying a greater amount of corn starch solution they would last longer ?? Thank you 💕
What would be good alternatives for cornstarch?
do you think yoi could use corn meal?
With this method how long do they last? About two weeks maybe or longer than that?
this is so cool my friend got actual ones and I am wearing press ons but they pop off so I will try this method tomorrow, question if they are exposed to a lot of water will they come off?
how long does it normally last for?
Do you have to use cornstarch can you use flour or baking soda?
How would you take them off? :) Awesome tutorial by the way!
Can the corn starch and clear polish be used to touch up old acrylic from the nail salon?
Has anyone tried doing this and putting gel nail polish over it?
can you make acrylic nails with baking soda?
What kind of Polish and what is the name of it? it is beautiful
I know it's very long ago that you uploaded this video, but does flour instead of corn starch also work?
Is there a substitute for corn starch ?
how do you manage to do your other hand?
thank you so much for sharing. did you mix clear nail polish with the corn starch?  or do you mean glue gel? i was confused abt that..
Do you have to use cornstarch or can I use flour?
I Work In A Warehouse as machine operator I'm Tryna figure out will my nails break as soon as I touch something ?
Does this work for really really short nails? Like..for people who chew their nails?
Do do you have to use cornstarch, or is there a substitute?
what nail glue did you use??
can you please please do a vid on how to get the       stilleto         shape? thanks and illy
How long do you wait for the corn starch to dry completely
I've never done anything like this so how do you remove them?
Can u use another color instead of clear
where can you find the plastic part and also can you do a how to take them off video
What kind of glue did you use
how do you take them off?
How do you take these off???!
Where Can I buy the nails she used??
what did u use with the corn starch
What glue did she use?
what glue did she use?
Is there any other powder that I can use that isn't cornstarch? :)
How long did it take you guys to do them
What kind of nail glue do you use?
How do you remove them? I've never used these and I'm always wondering how to put them on and remove them
does the glue come with the 100pc nail set?
Can i use powder and clear nail polish I don't have baking powder or starch
did u use regualr nail glue like the kind u can get from the dollar store or walmart?
could you paint, cut, and shape those nails before putting them on
Can you use flour instead of cornstarch? Please answer☺️
How do u take them off and can u play sports with the NBC I play softball and i dont know how to like now brake them
How would you recommend taking them off?x
What's the name of the white thing she sticks on her finger? Sorry for my english, im belgian
how do u remove the nails??!?!?!
What did u use to glue those fake nails down? Thanks :)
where can i buy an affordable and good glue for this?
can baking soda be used instead  of cornstarch?
someone please tell me where you can get that pinkish nail polish!!! I love the color! what store???!
Am I missing something here? Isn't it easier just to get one of those full cover nail kits instead of tips?  They even come with glue and already painted.
Can you just use regular scissors for cutting then nails? Also could you use nail clippers?
so how would you take them off, soak them?
Can I use baking powder instead?
Do they fall off often/easily?
what is this glue and the white thing you applied on the nail for length ??
I got my nails done (acrylic) and one came off, Is superglue a safe way to stick it back on?
if i apply cornstarch on my nail before acryilic, my nails would be healthy after remove everything?
where did she gee her clear nail tips?
It took me hours just to do one hand! :( I'm not even done painting yet... Idk where to get a good file?
Is there anything I can use except clear tips and what kind of glue do I use??
why did she use corn starch and clear polish
How do you change the nail polish without taking nail polish remover and removing the fake tip?
what brand of nail tips do you recommend? I cant find the brand you are using. :/
Can you use UV gel polish on top? Would it not stick well to the cornstarch & clear filler? Has anyone tried it with UV gel polish? Does it only last a week because of the starch or because of the polish? Please answer!
does it work with flour
What is the nail polish color name?
Can you use the formula as regular acrylic too? Or just as a barrier?
where can you get the gold finger nail tips? (except online cuz im not aloud to shop online) btw i love your videos
What can I use as a substitute for the corn starch
the nails look beautiful!! would you be able to do a stiletto nail tutorial?
what kind of nail polish did u use gel or regular
AlexandrasGirlyTalk can I use baking powder or flour instead??
Where can you buy the clear mail set?
Is the corn starch step necessary?
Where did you purchase the nails?
What's the best acrylic glue?
can someone watch my vids
Can I use flour instead of corn starch?
could you use baking soda instead of cornstarch?
has anyone tried this ? how was it ??
can i use baby power ? or baking soda? doesnt baby powder have cornstarch? :O
is there an alternative to cornstarch?
what was the clear stuff you mixed with the corn starch? you didn't really say in the video! this is super clever
Where do I buy the white acrylic tips? She only shows the clear ones 😞
How do they stay on if your active
are there any specific nail tip brands you'd recommend? ilysm btw😘
What can I use instead of cornstarch?
Can anyone please tell me the nail polish she used ? I love the color!
what kinda glue can I use? thanks truly
i dont know why..... but keep watching it i think i might try this method ???????????????????????
Yeah, how to remove??
I loved this tutorial and definitely want to try this but do you know if you can get those nails in the UK?
what can I use if I don't have corstarc?
how do you take them off?
can u put this over your natural nail without using the fake ones and where do you get citicle oil from
can i use cheap clear nail polish for this or does it have to be a top brand clear nail polish
for how many days does this stay?
did she say cornstarch?
What brand is the white tips from
would this be more beneficial than just putting on fake nails?
How come it looks so easy when you do it! My dumb ass messed all up!
I like your nails and what app do you use to edit your video??
where did she get the glue?
How do you remove these nails??
What you put with cornstarch?
What else can you use for clear nail polish?
where would i buy the acrylic nails?  and what was use to mix with the corn starch?
instead of cuticle oil, can I use baby oil?? or no? 😓
Been using this method on my days off (4days)  but I find it hard to stay on, on the 3rd day.... Is it because I'm not putting enough cornstarch where the nail meets the fake nail tip?
what does DIY mean in begining of vedios ?
which nail glow you have used? and what is the name or brand of artifical nails that you used not this video?
Where do I but the nails?
what nail color is this omg it's amazing pls someone
love it,what glue would you use?the glue that comes in the packages never works for long and falls off?
how do you take them off?
Does it hurt when you take it off and how do you take it off?
Does anybody else think she sounds like Andrea from andreaschoice
which glue are you using?
where do you buy the tips??
What glue does she use for the adhesive of the nail?
can i just ask how you'd take these off? i'd love to try them for myself but if i don't like them it would be nice to know how to take them off easily
Can we use flour instead of cornstarch?
I tried this at home and my nails looked grainy..how can I avoid this??? My nails also popped of so easily! Is there a different glue or nail brand I need to use?
I have vertical cracks on a couple of my nails. Is your method beneficial to allow that kind of damage heal? (Seems like it would give the nail time to heal. But I worry about using the superglue . . . )
how easily do they break, I do a similar method with gel polish instead to add extra strength because I'm so rough on my hands and they break easily.
I used to always get my nails done in a salon but stopped for the last year or so.. My question is how can you make them last longer ? Can you re do this method every few days ?
What kind of glue do you use for your press on´s?
How do you take them off
do you have to do clear mail polish or can you use a desired colour
Isn't it going to break off easily??
When you do the base coat, could it be replaced with maybe an at home gel polish? for a little extra strength?
Does flour or baby powder work? Instead of cornstarch
Can I do this with flour?
How do you remove them safely?
I'm super late on watching this lol.. but can I get the extensions at Walmart??
how do you remove them?
Can you buy the acrylics somewhere online like eBay or something
corn starch means cornflour??
aren't they sharp at the edes?
How do u remove them?
Alexandra, I bought the same clear set you showed but they didn't snip easily? Every time I tried to use scissors to cut them, they snapped.
What can I use instead of cornstarch?
Please help!!! I have cornflour, is that the same as corn starch????
how long do you have to wait for the corn starch to dry? and are you using gel nail polish or normal?
What is that withe powder she used?
what glue did u use?
were exacly do you buy your acrylic powder and ebay is ok but i feel like there is a better way to get acrylic nails and powder
how do u remove them? x
can i use fake nails instead of fake tips ?
Does it matter what color tips you get?
what kind of glue do you use
Is there something else that you can use if you don't have cornstarch at home
How long do the nails last for
how much do acrylics cost
is there any way I can do this without cornstarch
Did someone try this already?! 🙈
What's that she put on her natural nail in the beginning?
Did you say cornstarch and clear nail polish??
how long would it last?
What kind of glue did you use, and where can you find or buy the fake nail part ?
How long does the nail to grow? Pliz answer
i'm sorry but i don't really know what material u used for fake nails ? thnx 😘
where can you buy the nail tips u used in the vid
Can you please make a video on how to remove them?
Does one have to use clear polish and cornstarch? Can one use top coat and cornstarch instead? PLEASE ANSWER
where do you get the clear tips?
What does she use to do the mixture? I don't understand it very well bc I'm not English. Would be nice of anyone to just write it down then I can google it shame on me haha.
What else can you use if you don't have corn starch?
where did you get the length nails from?
Where should I get that white things(fake nails) from ? And what did she used to stick that? (sorry I have never used something like that, so I have no ideea.. )
does anyone know a substitute for cornstarch
Where did you buy the tips from?
What can I use instead of cornstarch?
im thinking of trying this, how strong are they compared to salon acrylics? i tap my fingers a lot on things!
I know I'm so late; but where did you get the fake nails?
Does this stay on really well? Like for school?
im very confused as to what corn starch is, im from the uk. is it cornflour? cornmeal? or can i use some kind of replacement like i wanna do this so bad lol
For the clear nail polish can I use a top coat or base coat ?
Did she use nail glue?
Can these work on anybodys nails? some of my nail are a bit wider and I don't want to buy these if they don't work on mines??? someone plz help me...
okay so is the cornstarch blend and the filing what makes it not as chunky as regular acrylics?
where could you buy those nails ?
What glue is she using
how long do they last
do they break off easily just asking for work purpose
what are all the materials used for this DIY
where can you find the nail extensions
What nail polish dos you use? I've been looking for that colour forever
I've been sitting here for two hours waiting for this cornstarch to dry it still hasn't dried what's going on?
How do u remove them and what glue did u use?
My hair is EXTREMELY greasy, I have to wash them every 3 days. Do you think using my nails with these acrylics will last me? Besides I keep my nails much shorter and square.
Can I use baking soda instead of cornstarch ?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME ALL THE THINGS I NEED TO DO THIS?😞
can someone please tell me where do i get the glue ?😞
Sorry but what's acrylic nails?
where can i get some nail glue? sally's beauty supply?
Does this actually work and keep ur nail like good??
Does Walmart have the nail tips
What kind of glue should you use?
What nail salon do you go to where it hurts the day after. They're obviously not doing their job if it hurts
Where do you get these clear plastic things?
can u use corn flour or baby powder instead can someone please tell me
Where did you buy the nail tips from?
what nail colour is this called?😍
trying this today...you didnt say how much cornstarch and clear polish so I am going to assume half and half??? Hopefully they look good!!!
after i did this u can still see the tip indention... maybe i ddnt file the starch enough? how long does it take to file away the starch?? i have little bumps also on the finished look... but i took forrreeever smoothing out the starch
how do u take them off??
Is cornstarch the same as corn flour
what glue did you use? can i use any glue with them?
Can you do a short video on how you take it off?
Is there a way to make them last longer than a week??
Does it have to be nail glue?
how long do these last you normally?
Can we use cornflour instead?? Please answer!
So I tried this and loved it but there's still a distinct difference where the fake nail is and the real nail is. Is there a way of fixing this or making it easier? I filed the heck out of them but it's just not a smooth transition 😥
can you buy the packs of nails at like cvs or riteaid or only online??
alexandrasgirlytalk can you do a tutorial on how to remove these kind of nails that you just showed us? I would very much appreciate it if you did. Thanks
Can you do a acrylic nail removal please!
where do you buy
can we get the stiletto nails tutorial soon
What kind of glue do you use?
What nail polish is that????
where do u buy the fake tips?
Where do you get the extension part that you put in your nail
Where has this video been all my life?!!
What  type of glue
Do you know Hudabeauty posted this video on her Facebook page.
Love the idea!! How would you take these off??
what color is that?????
how long they last ?
Every time I apply that corn starch it takes forever to dry. Are there any measurements or exact amounts of corn starch?
how did she cut the nails to fit perfectly
Can super glue be used as nail glue or is nail glue a better choice? Also.. Can I remove it with nail polish remover?
how long do they last?
Wont these break easily?
can u please do a video on how to remove them
What nail polish is that? It's beautiful!
I got my nails done a few days ago and I got solar, when it's time for a fill could I use this method to fill it myself and will it look the same until the solar grows out? If that makes any sense lol
Do they brake easy? Like if I'm doing dishes cleaning stuff??
what kind of glue is used to put the fake part on?
Can you list me the supplies? please and thank you ((: btw, I love this diy!!
what brand of glue do you use for these?
Does it break easily?🤔🤔🤔
Anyone know what nail polish color and brand she's using here?
Hey Alexandra can you use something else rather than using the starch?And if yes can you tell me some other starch replacements.
how do this nail take off
Could you list everything you used and where you got it 😭
What's the nail polish color? 😍
I don't understand what she used to extend the nail? What are those tips and where do you get them from?
Where did you get your file from? I want it! <3
Where can you buy the nail tips?
is that baby powder cornstarch
Does anyone know what colour nail polish this is?
are they water proof?
anyone know how much time to leave the cornstarch  on the nails? before buffing
can someone tell me how long do you leave the cornstarch on before  buffing  the nail?
What can I use instead of cornstarch?
I bite my nails so they're pretty short. Does this still work with really short nails?
Can you use gel polish?
How did you come up with it?
what age do you think this is appropriate for? My cousin is 12 and she wants me to do this for her! 👑
If i used this... what would the consequences be?
what kind of glue was that? what brands are the best? :) this is an amazing tutorial
is it ok to put the cornstarch on the full nail for the people with thin brittle nails?
how do you shape coffin nails with artificial nail tips on?
Does it have to be corn starch or can it be corn flour?
if I decide to change my nail polish colour or to renew it,would my nail polish remover destroy it before time?
Can u do a video in how to shape ur nails please !!
so wait...just corn starch and clear nail polish???
How do u take them off cause they are glued down
How long do they last? Briljant idea ! 💋
Can you use baking powder too?
how can you remove them?
at 4:12 what are you using? i'm german and don't understood what you said😅
What was that pownder?
What kind of glue do you use?
Can you Please make a video on how to take it off?
Where can u buy the nails?
what if you font have glue?
can you apply cornstarch and the clear polish to the whole nail rather than just the barrier?
What color is that polish in?
can you use something different than Cornstarch??
What type of glue? X
How long does it take for the cornstarch to dry
How do you remove the nails?
What if I don't have clear polish, can I use something else with the corn starch?
Great video! Can i use this trick with fake toenails?
ummmm does it have to be corn starch can i use something else?
What are some good products to prep your nails with and where can I get them?
Where can you find the clear nails?
What are you putting on your nails at 0:29 ? Is it a must before trying the diy?
can you do a video about how to get rid of acrylics?
how do you remove them? and what glue do you use?
What kind of glue was used??
what type of glue does she use to apply the tips?
How long dose the corn starch take to dry
when you go to the salon they do the drilled nails to your natural nails ehen they are going to put the acrylic nails??
What's your nails polish color??
can you recommend a good method to remove them?
Do these break easily?
How is the removal process ?
What nail polish is this? I've been looking for a color like that
Who else realized that her index finger is a bit crooked ?
Can u put a link with the nail tips that u used cuz I want to get the same ones
Love this! So going to try this out! Quick question where did you get the glue that you used for the nails?
Any idea where you got your little metal tray/palette ?
What type of consistency should the nail polish + cornstarch have?
are these less likely to snap or come off than full fake nails (like the kiss full cover nails?)
Can you do a gel nail polish on top of those tips or will the light from the lamp damage them. Also how do you remove them???xoxo
Where do you get the nail tips
how long did they last
Hello! How to put off these nail??
Can you use matte polish as well?
what's the powder??
About how long does this whole process take? Looks like it takes hours
Which glue is the best for this method? I don't want the glue on my nails after i remove the nails 😕 it takes weeks to remove it
could you use baby powder instead of cornstarch?
What exact color did you use on your nails? I'm in love with that color and I have been struggling to find it recently.
What do you prep your nails with?
are they flimsy or thick? mine always pop right off if theyre really flimsy. and where did you get the nails?
Can you do this without the tips?
what about if your hands are in water a lot? Will it chip where your natural nail is?
why not just use fake nails instead? why acrylic nails when there is fake nails?
i do alot of stuff with my hands wil they still last for a week?
has anyone else tried this ? how long did it last for you?
what glue did you use?
How do you do the other hand? Is it difficult once you have the tips on?
Can you give a list of everything that you need ?
3:28 when you do that doesn't blending it with file get rid of all cornstarch ?
What can you substitute for cornstarch?
what color is that?
where can i find the supplies (the 100 nail kit and glue)??
How strong are they using this method?
awesome tutorial! what nail glue do you use? thanks!
So when we want to take if off we can just use the nail remover right ?
would normal flour work?😥😥😥
can I also use just flour or do I have to use cornstarch?
Where can I find the tips? Also does the glue come with it?
Alexandra, how do you remove the nails when you want to take them off?
Where can you buy nail tips
did she use flour?
how do you remove it ???
Can i put this mixture of nail polish and corn starch on top on my onw long nails to make them more thick? To make them maybe last longer? Or it can only be with those fake nail tips?
can baking soda be used as a substitue??
Could you use any sort of powder ??
what is cornstarch at greek?  ☺
Can you please do a tutorial like this again for French tips, I love the color but french tips are super pretty to me
I really want to try this but in the past I've tried these kind of diy nails and they would just pop off from just opening my wallet or whatever.. So I'm just wondering if this method is strong enough? Has anyone tried this? :)
What shape did you get your nails in? (:
How do you remove these?
Can u put the link down where can i buy that thanks
Would it work if u used powder instead of corn starch?
is it regular cornstarch ??
what glue do you use?
Can you make a video on how you take the nails off?
Who else's nails look fake because they're really long naturally?
I have a question. Is that safe? I mean, if I remove the fake nails. Will my nails look like drilled nails? Im just askinh
Would super glue work??
can you make a video on how you fill your eyebrows and make them look so natural?
What nail salon have you been going to?? I've never had any problems with mine but of course different area and different experience I guess. Great tutorial though...might try this.
Do these just pop off? Because a lot of times when I have glue ons they'll pop off randomly
How do you remove it?
How do you remove them?
What products did you use?
Where can i buy them because i was planning to get acrylics for my graduation but extremely scared of the pain of the fileing and this is a great alternative and less expensive
What is the powder of the begining ?
How do you remove them?
What is the name of the colour nail polish she used? I need it !!!
Hey can I use flour too? Love your Videos 😍 greetings from europe ❤️
I love this new easy alternative!! could you do a video on how to do these with stiletto nails?
Do you have a ratio of cornstarch to clear polish? I tried it and the mixture turned out way too thick and wouldn't dry
I followed her exact instructions & after 3 coats of a pink polish you can still see where the fake nail & my nail start. Any tips on how to eliminate this? Anyone?
what if you don't have corn starch
i really dont have cornstarch around can u use bakingsoda or flour instead ?
Do you mix a top coat with the corn starch or a base coat?
Can you leave a link to the fake nails online please?
They look great but I think I missed something.The tips you showed are clear but the ones you applied are white tips?
??? what did she put on the rest of the tip, wouldn't it still be flimsy and breakable?
Can you write the products used in the description box
Could you do this tutorial but with your less dominant hand as the one that's actually applying the nail and polish? I suck at polishing with my left hand lol
where do you get the tips?
So after a week can you fill them in, if so how? Or do you have to take them off and start over?? Really excited to try this!!!!🙂👍🏼💅🏼
How long does it last
how do you clean your nail brush?
Hey beauty! Can you have a tutorial about how to remove nail-glue from your nails after you have removed your false nails? Because every time i remove my fals nails, it is alway some glue on my nails, so how should I remove it?
will it actually hurt when you remove them? i wanna do it coz my nails are really short but I'm scared if I will remove it.
and what kinda of glue, super glue or nail glue?
how do you take off the nails?
Du need the cornstarch and clear nail polish ??
Also what's the uk equivalent for cornstarch??
what kind of glue did you use? is it super glu ?-.-
Instead of corn starch, can I use baby power?
my 13 year old has been wanting tips,  but I've been encouraging her to polish her's since they grow and are strong.   I know how destructive most salon nails can be.  I am so excited to try your techniques!  you explained everything so well.   Do you recommend a specific top coat or will any do?  I can't wait to hear from you to do this with her.  it will be a surprise gift for her for her great school grades.
where'd you get your nail tips?
Any ideas if you dont have any nail glue??
what can I use other then cornstarch?
Can you use baking soda instead of corn starch??
Love it! Couls you please make a list of the products you used? I didnt catch some of them :)
Can I use something else then cornstarch? 😊
do you know the cornstarch/nail polish you use?
What would you do if it breaks or falls off?
Could you make a video on how to shape the nails in different style like coffin and almond shapes.btw love this tutorial
How to you do your non dominate hand
I'm totally gonna do this but how do you remove them without pain or damage?
what would the alternative be, because I'v never come across "corn starch" in the UK.  or is there another name for it? :/
i'm sorry i don't have a good sound .. what did you mixed with the corn starch?
Can you see the bump of the tip? This is so unique but I mean, won't you be able to see where the tip and your nail have been glued?
Can you use semi - permanent gel on them?
how do u take them off??tutorial??
at 0.32 what is she putting on the nails from that squeezy bottle?
what age would this work for? like would it work for an eight year olds hand?
What color did you use?
Also would you have to remove them the same way they do at spas still?
is there a brand of corn starch that you recommend?
What's the name of the  color?
since baby powder has cornstarch in it , will it work the same?
Where do we get the nails?
how long does a acrylic nail takes to be grown out
Would it still work if u used regular Colored polish instead of a clear one?
Can you do a vid on how to file down the nail to make it coffin shaped. Thanks! I LOVE YOU<3
Do you have to use acetone To remove the nail glue, or cud it just be any nail polish remover? Definitely gonna try this☺️
Can you do a Gel manicure over the tips?v
How long they will last??
How do you take them off?
So, are these easy to break off??
Is there anything you can use instead of cornstarch
Curious are you able to put corn starch on all your nail beds as well. Like you do when you do acrylic? I know you put them on the area where the tip and nail area meet.
idk how stupid I'm gonna sound but if you replace the nail glue with the cornstarch mixture, will that make the nails last longer?
nice tutorial but after how we remove them???
How long do these nails last?
will these break or bend easily?
Is there an alternative to cornstarch
Can I use anything else instead of corn starch
hi. i don't really get it , so , my question is what is cornstarch do ? i mean for some other reason ?
I am trying this for the first time and although attempt 1 wasn't horrible, I can still see the tip line. I notice that your tip. Where it is placed on the nail is curved like an "n" mine is Like a "u" does that meek a difference? I'm taking the polish off and trying to file the tip again
Which glue did she use
How did you come up with this method
how would you do a fill-in? remove the nails and repeat process or?
How do you take them off? But the video is amazing thank you.
could you use like baking soda instead of corn starch, i don't have cornstarch :(
Instead of corn starch could you use flour ???
Can you make a video of you removing the nails?
What is the powder and that gel thing you used ?
do they come off easily like if u doin something that your naild gonna get hit alot will they break?
what kind of glue did you use?
How do you take it off?
What color polish is that??
where do you buy the plastic thingys? this seems like such a great method  and i love your channel!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey do you think I would get the same result if I use an electric nail file? like the ones they use in the nail salon? ive done it just like in the video and I always comes out fabulous. I was just wondering because my regular files always come out very dirty afterwards
how to remove nails?
why name it acrylic nail hack if it's not acrylic at all? it's a cheap hack for a fake tip.... that's it
Can you use flour instead?
are these waterproof? Bc i spend 2 hours in the pool every single day, would they survive?
How old are you?
can regular nail polish remover take them off?
You are awesome!   Do you ever use the full faux Acrylic nails & if so would you mind posting a video? I'm curious how you apply & remove them. Gracias! 💅
Where can I get glue for my nails? And how can I take off my nails with no pain??
I've tried doing this a few times, I cannot seem to get the hang of this, how long do u file for ? Do u put a lot of the cornstarch n nail varnish on ?
omg! Ive been trying to find a way more safe way to do this and I think you have helped me! :) yayyyy I have one question though! Does it matter what color tip I use? Also what glue do you recommend using?Subscribe? :) love you
Can u do a tutorial for an almond shape pls !
hi what is that powder you use? im dutch and i didn't understood what you said :) i going to try to do those nails!
How do you remove it? Maybe you can do it in a video?
What kind of clear polish did you use  to blend with the cornstarch?
What kind of glue did you use?
what kind of glue is best? how do you remove the "acrylics"?
where can you get the nail tips I can't find them anywhere??
How do you remove them?
I love the French look.  Will this work with leaving the white tips?
is she sister of this girl twin
why do people want fake nails ??
When the tips fall off,how can you get the glue off your nail?
Can u use flour instead or cornstarch
if your fake nail kit doesnt come with glue what glue should I use?
How do you remove them??
What kind of glue did you use?
Where did you get those false Nails? :-)
Can I use all purpose flour instead of corn starch???
I tried this but when the cornstarch dried and I buffed it all of it flaked away and I was left with a bumpy transition from the nail to natural nail. what happened?
What nail glue do you all recommend so that they last for a week.
do i have to use cornstarch? cuz i currently dont have any and really would like to avoid buying it right now (i know it portects my nails of course just want to know if i would be able to get the same effect without it
Can you use baby powder As substitute?
what if you dont have cornstarch??? can you use flour instead i love this hack but im lazyyyyyy
what about your other hand lol.... I love your nails 💗💗
how long can i keep them???
can you use something else for the cornstarch?
What nail polish?!
Can i use something else instead of cornstarch? I don't have it at home atm but i really want to try this, please help!! 😩
how do you remove them from your nails?
Can you please make a video on how to remove these?
There's a new trend which I see that there is a paste kinda thing which they apply on their nails by brush and then they spread it? What's that Alexendra?
What are the materials she used?
Hey can you please help me...I bought a $2 fur keychain without knowing it was real fur. Should I ship it back? And omg I do this on my nails too!!
I type alot at work, how does typing affect these nails?
How do you take off the fake nails when your done?
how do you remove these nails? btw love this method so much.
What color is that called exactly?
What nailpolish did you use?
Did this actually work for anyone?
What is the BEST acetone nail polish remover
Anyone else think she sounds like Andrea's Choice ???
What brand is the glue ?
Instead of cornstarch can I use flour? Love you Alexandra!
Can anybody give me tips on how to blend the nail tip with my real nail? I file it down really hard and apply coats of clear nail polish but somehow you can still see the tip when I put nail polish on
How do you get them to last all week? One of mine feel off the second day. Am I doing something wrong???
hey :) can anyone tell me please why did she apply the tip in the middle of her nail and not covering the entire nail?  I've tried this method and i't amazing. But I find it difficult to file the part with the cornstarch, and to buff the tip at the same level of my natural nail.  Help me please :(💖
wait..u dont have to add acrylic to those?
how often do i have to remove the nail tips?
Great idea!! What were your nails prepped with before the tips? Was it oil n primer? 😊😊thank you for sharing!❤️💅🏻💅🏻
Hey I was wondering what makeup brands you use and are they cruelty free? P.s. I love youu 💓
Do I absolutely need cornstarch?
Can we use any fake nails for the white part because I have some from Amazon do u think it will work??? Plzzz answer
how do I remove them?
Can you reuse these?
how are you supposed to remove them? Can anybody help me please?
Can I use flour too or it won't work ?
Where are ur new vids at tho???
does anyone know a good sub for cornstarch????? please help
I have a question. Where did you get your white/ clear nail tips? Can I get them at the dollar store or drug store? Or just a beauty supply store? 🤔
what nail polish did you use? its gorgeous😍
Alexandrasgirltalk  could we use different type of powder or do we have to use cornstarch???
how long does it take for the cornstarch in clear nail polish to dry? please answer my question
can you talk about your hair color 😊
but how does that hold, I find that any nail glue on just will snap off with out a cure of anything like I would be worried to open anything grab something without them just falling off.. what's holding them on other than little glue and a top coat?
does anyone know of a uk alternative for the nail tips? thanks!
can you please do one for scars on your face or lip???? I have two and they are really notice able and kinda embarrassing when people ask about them....
how long do they last
What kind of glue/adhesive do you use?
can you put the link to the nails you use? thanks!!
how can you make them last longer and why do some of the tips you put on angle down?
can i use flour instead of cornstarch??
do a video on how to remove this type of nails please
love this video! but I have been using acrylic for months now but it's my real nail length and they don't put the fake nails on and it doesn't look like your nails after they take it off?? is that ok or???
Does the acrylic glue come with the fake acrylic nail kit?
how do h remove them?? I just put fake nails on and idk how to remove them
How do you remove the nails?
can you substitute the cornstarch?
what do you think of the new tresime products that came out for curly hair?
What are safe removal methods without damaging the nail bed?
How durable are they?
Does anyone recommend a nail glue for this? Preferably not too expensive, please & thanks!
Can you please do more what I ate vegan videos? They are great and give me a lot of new food ideas.
Do you need the base coat to make this work right?
how would you remove them?
Awesome video! How do you remove them?
Can you use the cornstarch and base coat to paint it all over your nails instead of just where the nail bed is?
What glue did you use to stick the nails on?
can you see the lining from where you apply the cornstarch to your nails ?
does you natural nail still grow while having these nails on ?
What nail polish color is that?
Just subscribed :) Can you please mention a safe way to remove these nails ? I love these nails but nail glue is so harsh on the nail :/ Your natural nails look good though
what is the name of the nail polish color ?!
how is called the nail polish color?
How do you take them off????
a nice glue to recommend please!?
Do a room tour
can you use backing soda instead of the cornstarch?
does someone know how you can remove the extension with the glue?
Where can you find the clear tip?
Hey mine always fall off after 20 mins.. Any suggestions?
what type of glue? does it matter?
How do you take them off? What do you use?
What was the glue she used? I want to do this so bad, but was it nail glue?
can we use baking soda insede if corn starch?
how long does the 100 pack of nails last?
absolutely love this! i miss having nice nails but it just got so expensive i had to stop... im just worried about how to take off the tip? Since its glued, it wouldnt come off with nail polish remover and if i pull it off it will just ruin my natural nail... help? :)
what she applied 4:20?
Can you make a video showing how you remove them?
How do i remove them when i want it off?
what ws d clear liquid u apply after pushing UA cuticle back?!
I got acrylics years ago and it damaged my nails, they are extremely thin and it's been hard for them to grow. They started to get healthier but I've been wanting to do acrylics again & didn't want the damage! Then I saw this video, truthfully will it make my nails weak again or will it do minimal damage?
Can you tell me all the things you used in the video? And where I can get the same things。
What exact products are used?
Do they bend easily?
What kind of brush can you use?
Could I use some other kind of powder?
Hi! I LOVE this tutorial! But I have a question, what if I don"t have any cornstarch  is there anything else in my pantry I can use? Perhaps cornmeal? sounds weird I know...
what kind of glue did you use??
how long do you wait for the corn starch + clear polish to dry before filing it down?
Alexandria help me ! I put the cornstarch on the nail and now idk ? It's like the corn start all comes off when I file I'm waiting for it to dry but it still comes all off completely 😒.
can u tell me if the nail tip is flimsey . because normally the acrylic keeps the nail tip hard
I'm confused?!?! Is this a joke?
What is your favorite brand of high end and drugstore polishes
what kind of glue did she use?
Does the nails stay on when your active? Or is it easy to pop off?
what tips did you use. and where can I find tips.
what color is that nail polish?💗
What kind of glue
what base coat do you use?
I work at a home decor store (which means I have to wrap and put away things A LOT) I also wash the dishes by hand almost everyday .  Does anyone know if they would last? If so, how long?
how do you remove them  ans did it hurt the nails after? plz
Do they withstand manual labor and being submerged in water? I work in a pet store and I do alot of heavy duty stuff so my nails always look like hell and I hate it.
can u use this method with gel if so how would it be start to finish?
How do you take them off?
How do you remove them?
Where can you buy clear tips??
Does it hurt if they bend back or break??? 💗💗💗
what glue do you use
How do you take them off ,???❤️❤️
Can I use baby powder instead of cornstarch?
Where did you get the glue and the nails?
Can u take them off?  If yes how?
is she a model!?
What kind of consistency should the cornstarch/clear polish be? Mine didn't dry. :( x
hi, how can I remove them after a day or two? just with nail polish remover?
you make it look sooooo easy. I tried to blend the tip with my nail bed using corn starch and clear nailpolish, ended up breaking the tip. Any tips for beginners??
How would you go about removing the nail tip? Or, do they fall off easily?
Could this be done with baby powder???
Where did u get the products you use in this tutorial?
How do you remove them ?
Do they come off like just regular fake nails?
about how long does it take for the cornstarch to dry so I can file it?
do I have to wait for the corn starch to dry?
what if your really sensitive?? are the bad for you skin, nails, body, i just want to  make sure they wont damage me???! ( sorry for my english i'm danish )
were did you get your fake nail kit and the glue
Lol where do you go to do your nails? Those drilled nails look horrible. Where I go they never do that to mine
Does it work on short nails
What if you wanna do a fill how would you go about it?
Must you file all the corn starch stuff off?
can i use baking powder or baking soda instead?
what clear polish do you use and where do you get it?
super glue? what glue?
Does anybody know where I can buy some of these type of fake nails? Thanks:)💕
How exactly do u take them off? Love you<3
Hey where do you buy the fake nails?
Where do u get the acrylic nails is it like from a local drugstore, target????
How do remove this?
what can u use instead of constarch
do they break easily? btw thank you so much for this tutorial 💗
Hi! am i´m the only one that have problems with cutting the acrylic nails? When i tried to cut them, they broke
This is amazing! Does anyone know what glue she used?
I don't usually put on false nails because I'm quite a practical person, so would these still stay on for at least a week?
Can someone tell me where I can buy the acrylic extensions from
Could you apply the clear nail polish&cornstarch mix to your whole own nail instead of only the space between the tip and your uppernail? Because I think if you do that, they will act like real acrylic nails and will last longer but then without the damage. Because nail polish on my nails only stays for two days and then chips and I want to have it stay for two weeks as well as the nails. And I know you can achieve that by fake nails full on so that is why I asked about the mix on your full nail. I love you so much!
can i use flour instead?
I'm also 13 and I haven't had acrylics yet because of how sensitive my nails are so this might be a dumb question but how do you take these off?
What nailpolish is she using?
What nailpolish is she using?
What's the name of the polish used? It's so pretty!!
What is the nail glue that you use?
Where can you find the tips?
What glue did you use for the tips?
where can you get the plastic nail part?
Where did can you get the nail tips/ where did you purchase yours
do they ever snap off? at the ends?
what type of glue do you use.? thank you so much for this video♡
Where did you buy these?  I can't find anywhere!!!!!!
what glue did she use? super glue?
How do you do the other hand on yourself when you already did one ?
Are there any professionals out there who know if this is safe to do? Great tutorial, though!
Could I use potato starch instead? X
Hi, what's the Nail polish? thx :)
how do you remove this?
Where did you get the nail tips?
Where can you buy the clear nail? It's the first time I've been introduced to them
where  did u get the nails from?
How long does it stay on for? Also how do you take them off?
How do you get rid of the nail ?
How long does this last??
How do you take them off? Is it safe to do it for only 2 days? I want to try for the weekend but I'm not allowed falsies for school ☹
about a year ago, I got acrylic nails for the first time, and they completely destroyed my nails. my nails used to be thick and strong, but now, they are very thin and break easily. :( do you know any way I can make my nails stronger?
How are we supposed to do this on our right hand ? 😂 Coz I can't do it with my left hand .
Do you have to clip your natural nails before you do this?
you applied the cornstarch and  the stress area of the nail.  what happens when you bump one of your nails or it gets bent back?  on any false nail the stress area has to be re enforced.
AND can u take off the polish without loosening the actual nail??
Will CVS or Walgreen's have these tips?
does anyone know of any good glues that last a while but don't damage your nails?
With these artificial nails ..dont u feel dat u cant hold or lift anything properly? Bcz it feels like u r hvng something which is gng to loose plz rly bcz it will be helpful for me if u replied thank u : )
why didnt u upload this last year?. I have to go to the nail salon every month and get them done.. also it makes me poor. :( Wish I knew how easy it is to do it at home.
Where ya get ur nails tips ?!?
Am I able to buy the clear tips at a drug store, such as rite aid?
What glue did you use ?
I'm curious if you can do regular house chores with these nails?? They look so fragile.
How do you take them off?
What if you don't have cornstarch what else could you use
what color shade is the nail polish please?
what kind of base coat and glue did u use
what kind of base coat and glue did u use
what kind of base coat and glue did u use :)
what kind of base coat and glue did u use :)
what kind of glue does she use?
Seriously at first I thought I was watching Andreachoice but then noticed a difference so I thought it was her sister 😂 idk how that happened.  Anyway, I really love that nail color! Where can I buy it?
if I wanted a French manicure would I just skip adding the colour polish?
where can you find the tips either then amazon/ebay?, btw this legit saved me
Won't using the smaller nail extensions lead to ingrown nails? It's gonna pinch the natural tip when it grows
What nail glue did you use to glue the tips to your fingers?? I can never find a good working nail glue, it's so frustrating
How is acrylic gonna be anything but feminine 😂😂 what's it look like masculine🤔
How do you remove them?
Do Sally's beauty supple have these type of nails ?
Where did u get that nail polish and how much was it?
do you dip your nails into the nail remover to remove those nails?
Hi! where is the best place to get these tips? I don't know where to get them from.
How can you get the acrylic nail off
What's the name of this color and the brand?? it's so cute! wonderful tutorial
what glue do you use?
Do you use acetone to remove these? Also, if you like the fake, thicker looking look, can you put the cornstarch all over the nail and the fake nail?
How do u get them off? Does the glue break down from nail polish remover? Thanks!
How to remove?
what glue did you use? xxx
Does anyone know anywhere where I could buy these online?
How do we remove these? love this ❤😍😍
How do we remove these? love this ❤😍😍
Can you do another video like this with more shapes that you've done this with?
Does anyone know what shade in Lakur nail color this is? So pretty!
hi for your nails form, did you do the squares oval or just squared?
What Do I Do When I Want To "Fill" Them After A Week Or Two Of Having Them Grow?
One more question, what was the nail color you used to paint them...the Rose color?...it is beautiful. I have been trying to find one the is similar but I would love to know what the name of yours is...thanks.
What kind of glue is it ok to use on nails and that will really hold?
what kind of glue did she use to apply the nails ?
Where do you find the fake nails
Does it work with baby powder as well?
what color nail polish is that?
So they're not acrylic? Just tips...
I live in the uk and can anyone tell me what they call corn starch here? Is it corn flour?
can i use baby powder?
How long does it take for the cornstarch and clear polish to dry?
Question!! Do you have to use cornstarch? Can you use something else like baking soda?
how do you remove these?
laura miller, is that you?! :D you two sound really alike
How did you come up with this at 13? I'm 15 and would've never thought of this :)
What's the color of the nail polish ???
Hi Alexanda, can you kindly listed what you used?  I dont know what you put on.  what was that clear colour with white powder? sorry if you've mentioned it.   I'm hearing impaired.  Thank you
only one week? :(
how old was she ?
what kind of glue did you use ??
when you put the fake nail on with the glue how do u take that off?? do u place ur nails in warm water nd wait 4 them 2 fall off???
Where did you get the nail set from
Which kind of glue is she using? Is it a specific nail glue? Please help i wanna try it out as soon as possible!! 😳
Is there any alternatives to use to replace the corn starch?
Is this going to last on me even if I clean alot with cleaning products and wash my hands alot? Anyone that has tried this please let me know if you liked it?
Is it hard to do ur hair with those on?
How can we remove these acrilic nails??
Is it just me or does the stilleto looks weird
can you do a video on how to remove the acrylics safely?
What can we use other then corn starch ?
so how do you remove them?
what kind of glue do you recommend, and what other alternatives can I use to stick it to my natural nail ? I will really appreciate your answer.
How do you take them off?
Where should i find the tips
can you get these wet and not worry about them loosening?
Can you show how to do the stilleto? By the way love the idea, I'm going to try it!😀😛
I feel like Im going to sound dumb but whatever.. When you get your nails done at the salon what do they do to your nails? Ive been thinking about getting mine done for a while but idk.. and those pictures kind of freaked me out..
What nude colored polish did you use?
What do your nails looks like underneath
How do you do your other hand?
i'm 13 and my mom wont let me go to the salon to get acrylics because it messes your nails up, but she'd let me do them myself. where did you buy the nails?
Where do you get the nails
Did anyone try this yet? how did it come out??
where can you buy the acrylic nails?
How do you remove them?
So the tip is supposed to be the level of your nail bed right? If that is what's supposed to happen wouldn't that make the nail weak?
How long does it take to dry out, also can I use it just to make layers to protect my long nails from braking up? Thanks.
your natural nails is beautiful, why are you doing this weird thing to you?
Do the tips fall off ever? Because I have tips right now and they haven't fallen off, but they aren't cheap either...
How strong are these? How long do they last?
I tend to be ruff with my nails, and hurts when they bend does this happen?
Can you use anything else apart from corn starch?
how do you remove them?
I love  this videooooo..question what kind of glue do you use?
Where do you get the fake nails that are 6 dollars? Btw love the nails
Where can you get the tips?
How do you open really stubborn nail glue, yea I sounds stupid but please help me lol
Im in love with the way you do them and that will save lots of money, but how long did it take to do both hands? +AlexandrasGirlyTalk
So do you ever acrylic nails?
is there a sub for corn starch
How sturdy are the nails cause I don't want them falling off during the week lol
what was the white dust you mixed jel somthing? i didnt got exactly what r those?
What kind of glue do you use, and where can you buy the nail tips?
How can you remove the glue from your nails???
where can you get tips from?
How do you remove the nail tips?😊 +alexandrasgirlytalk
can I do this on my natural nails? my natural nails are long
how do you take them off?
what about nail hardner??
what do you edit with?
which nail glue would you recommend?
can you do more videos like this? I mean to save money like that
How long would it take for the  cornstarch and top coat mix to set
What shade is this nail polish 😻
Hi I really want to do this because I have my soccer banquet really soon and I hate going to the nail salon because I have really short bitten nails and the people always get frustrated and blah blah blah. Anyways, my question is do you think I will be able to do this with my nails even though they're really short? It's probably a dumb question since the purpose of these hints is to make your nails longer but yeah. They don't even go to the tips of my fingers like yours so I just figured I would ask lol. Please answer and ilysmmmmmm 💖💖💖
@alexandrasGirlyTalk does it matter what type of clear coat nail polish one uses?
Where did you get the tips??
0:50 Did I just hear my fandom calling to me?
What kind of glue used to stick the false nail?   P.S : Love your videos !! kisses from Portugal !!
is anyone else having problems with the cornstarch ?
Van you remove em with nailpolish remover with aceton in it??
Is there any replacement for cornstarch? ❤️
what is the powder that you used?
What brand of glue do you use? :)
How would you remove them cause i dont want to risk tearing my nail
Do you have to use the cornstarch? I can't find it cause I live in Britain. Btw cute video❤️💖☺️
Why not just grow the damn things out?
I feel weird because one of the reasons why I like Acrylic nails is the unnatural look !! What is the powder did she use?
Isn't this just stick on nail extensions though ...? They aren't really acrylic :3 I don't know but it's a good tutorial and really easy to follow ❤️
Could you link where I could purchase the nail glue and also the nail tips?
These are super pretty!  But what's the difference between using the french tip with the cornstarch top coat, and just using a full coverage nail without needing the topcoat?  It seems like it would be easier to just do that, but does it make a difference?  Just curious
What about if your nails are too short?
where did you buy the white tips from @alexandraGirlyTalk
can i do this on my natural nails? not using tips??
can you use baby powder?
what nail polish did you use.  I really like the color
what nail polish colour did you apply?
what is this white powder?
were did you get your nail glue from, did it come in the package of nails.
How to the hold up in water? I'm a mom and always washing my hands
How do we take them off?
where can we get the nail tips?
does anyone know if it would work with the packets that's are labeled "CURVED nail tips" ?
What kind of nailpolish was that? it looked beautiful!
I can't buy those extensions anywhere :( where can I find them online?
I'd love to try this they look amazing💖 what nail  glue would you recommend?
what kind of glue do you use? love the video ❤️
WHERE CAN I BUY THE NAIL POLISH YOU USED ITS SO GORGEOUS!?!?!?
How long does it take you to do your nails with this method? (I guess someone without practise would need some hours to do it...)
Can you make a removal video for these types of nails?
Can u link the products used ? And where can we get it ?
Is there anything I could use instead of cornstarch?
me 💕 and can you apply the mix of corn starch and nail polish in your whole nails and can you apply an actual color to the cornstarch?❤
Hey Alexandra can u use this tutorial on French tips or do u have to paint over them?🤔
where can you buy the clear nails.
Do you know how to make them a Matte finish instead of glossy? I'd love to see it.. Love your videos by the way.
how do you remove them? pls help someone
Do they break off easily or are they the same as the normal acrylic??? 😝😋Btw I can't wait to try this out I've been trying to find something like this for a while and when you uploaded the video I was so happy!!!😊😄
Can you post links of all the products you used?? What clear tips and glue and clear nail polish?
How would you take them off?
Can you use the ice water drying technique from one of you earlier videos to help these dry?
What nail polish is this and where did you get it?
What's a substitute for cornstarch?
What type of glue did you use?
can you do a removal tutorial also? thanks
what were you mixing the cornstarch with again ?
how do you take them off??
Where can you buy these extensions? :) I live in Canada
How do you take them off after
How would u do a fill in?
Where did U buy the tips? Amazon?
how would you take them off to limit nail damage?
Where can I get those nail extension things?
Can you do a video to remove these nails
What's the difference between using white tips and clear tips?
how do you get them off????
I have acrylics in niw and need them off😞😩 how do I make they healthy and strong again!?
How do you remove them? :)
Does this damage your nail in any way?
What kind of glue?
Are those just nail tips that can be bought at a beauty supply store?
Alex, can you substitute corn starch with acrylic powder or does that defeat the purpose of this being a healthier alternative for your nails ? Let me know, thanks !
Which nail polish are you Using?
I bite my nails to death, will these work on them since I barely have any nail bed left to stick them on? xx
Do you have to use gel or specific nail polish or can you use whatever
Are there any specific stores to by the tips??
Can you make another vegan food video???😊
Love this idea! Just wondering - rather than clear polish, could you use top or base coat with the cornstarch? Thanks so much! 💅
Isn't corn starch and clear polish the recipe for the diy matte nail polish?
where can i get the extensions? i live in the uk by the way! :-)
Can I use flour instead?
Where can you find the clear tips? Like where can you buy them?
what glue did u use?? please replay 😢 my wedding day is near!💕
Can you show us different ways to shape your nails?
how do u remove them?
how do you remove the fake nails in the best way ?
what happened to the dot-push-pull method?
Can i use any type of nailpolish to mix it with the corn starch?
Does this still work if you have really short nails?💓
What brand of clear tips are best?  Also, can you use baking soda instead of corn starch?
What's the easiest and fastest way to remove fake nails? xx
This is video is perfect since i dont go to the nail salons, but would this work on short nails as well?
Could you link the nail extinctions please?
What is the powder you use!! 😊❤
I LOVE this!! i'm allergic to acrylics, and haven't been able to have them for almost a year now, do you think this would be a good idea for me? xx
Can use the same method by putting the false nail at the end of the cuticle?
I wanted to know how you remove the nail?
How do u remove them? Dont frget to make a video a week later when u want to remove them. Dont the tips break ur natural grown tips as well when u try to peel it off? They look beautiful and color is amazing
So you've been doing this since you were 13? You must've been a really smart 13 year old
Can someone give me a link to where I can buy these?
Wait so what exactly did you first use to attach the nail tip to the natural nail?
What job do you have ? You know so much stuff and I thought maybe it's connected somehow with your job ( of course if you have one)
I have really wide nails so I can never find fake nails that fit, would those work for my nails?
Can you use potato starch instead of corn starch??💋
Where did you get the acrylic tips 😍😍
Have you heard about Marcus and Mrtinus❤
DO they hurt when you remove them ??  Nice video♥
What glue are you using?
how do you remove them?
How would you apply it to your other hand? It seems like it would be really hard.❤️❤️
+AlexandrasGirlyTalk does it last as long as normal acrylic???? Pls answer
CAN u make a video when You buff your nails into different shape pleas
What glue do you use to stick the fake tips
Instead of clear polish can you use the base coat with the cornstarch?
Omg yas girl I love it!!! But can I also put the cornstarch on my whole nails and not only on that particulair place? Thankyou! xo
Where do you get the fake nails at?
Are there any alternatives for cornstarch? Also are everyday activities such as cleaning and stuff like that going to ruin your nails? 💖xoxox love your videos! Lots of love from Italy 😊
could you do a removal video, or explain how to remove them?
I was wondering if before you apaly the tips do you have  to file down you natural nail to a shorter length?
Cool Video ! :) Where do you buy the white tips ? I can't find it in stores :/
Do you know any other alternative to corn starch bc my country doesn't sell it 😭
so we apply cornstarch to the actual nail so when we can puff the beginning of the fake one? or to puff the actual nail bed?
My gosh cant wait to do it ! so its just cornstarch and clear nail polish ? Thanks love ypu Alex
what do you mix the cornstarch with??
How do you remove them ??
Are they hard to write with??
Heeeeyyloooo OMG thanks so much for uploading this :) Is it ok to use like regular nail glue it wont damage ur nail right.. i mean like if its not a branded one?
Where can I get the clear tips?
Maybe you already answered this question but if you did I didn't hear it's anyway: how do you take them off? Acetone?
Can I use this if I'm growing out my nails? I bite my nails but I want something over it while I grow them out- but acrylics are too harsh. Can this substitute it? Will my nails grow normal if I use this method ?
Could you please do some nail art
How do you take them off? Or do they just come off
Where do u get those tips?
Hi Alexandra, can I use corn flour instead of cornstarch? thank you :*
Can you please do a mini video on how to take them off! It would really really help me a lot! Love u💖
how do you take it off?
Can you please make a body de-tanning video?
how strong would you say the nails are? obviously not as strong as acrylics can be, but like would they fall like glued press ons?
How to take them off?
How long can i have them on my nails / when do they fall off? I would love to try this!😊
Where can we buy those tips? <3
What could I use instead of corn starch, they don't sell it where I'm from xoxox
could you use baking soda/powder instead of corn starch ?
Will definitely be trying this! Is there something else you can use instead of corn starch? just wondering
Two questions: what's the total cost? Is it hard to do it with weak hand side???
I got my acrylics a few weeks ago and I took them off my self and my nails are ruined. Can I do this on weak nails? :)
What glue are you using ? 🌺🌺
What glue would you recommend?
does these nails tend to come in between in your daily routine ? I mean sometimes nails can break and mostly this happens to the index finger
Do we have to use corn starch or can it be anything with a powdered texture such as baby power, baking powder etc ?
how do you remove these after a week, Alexandra?  btw thanks a lot for sharing this tutorial! :*
Guyyss please help!! I don't have cornstarch in my country...what can I use instead?
what type of glue do you use?
how much cornstrach do i use?
where did you buy the stuff needed to do this?
Where can you get the extension tip of the fake nail from?? xxx
Where do you get the clear tips? Not in the us..
How Do you take them off. Reply awaited
Hiii, I was wondering how to take them off, do they fall off or and I just like peel them off?
Sorry I couldn't understand... what's the white thing that replaces the acrylic nails?
Great video! How do you remove the white tip extensions?
Sorry to ask, but why havent you been doing videos lately? 😪💗 we all miss you!
When you said clear polish is that just the clear coat you mixed with corn starch ? And btw! This is awesome ! I love you so much ! I'm gonna definitely use this !
whats the colour of this nail polish??
how do you remove them? and what did you apply to your nails in the beginning?
do they end up really thin and bendable?
is there a specific name for these nail extensions?
Ahh cute! How long do you let your nails dry after you put polish on them? Mine always smudge, even with thin ass coats!!! Love this video, can't wait to try it out
Do you take away the cornstarch with a buffer or file?
How do you correctly trim your nails in general?
is it ok if there is no nail extension?
Can you please link where you got your materials from such as the nail extensions and glue? ☺️☺️☺️
what products did you use?
Can you share the glue and tips that you used and where you got themm? :)
Will it only work with corn starch or can I use like just flour??
How do you take these off? Nail polish remover?
How do u take the nails off can u do a video on it?
what type of glue did you use?
how would you do this if you want glitter on them???
Where do you purchase the nail tips?
how do you remove them? the acetone soaking method?
How do you remove them? 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
how do you do your other hand ????
Will the tip of my nail be damage where the fake nail is??
What's that powder?
How you take them off?? Great vid!
why do people prefer to get acrylics? why don't they just grow out their nails to their desire?
How are you so creative even at age 13? Weren't you nervous when you first created this? Also how would you take it off easily?
Is there anything you can't do with longer nails? How do you take them off? Btw I've been wanting Acrylics but never had money so i'm glad i saw this!
How do you remove these?
so there's no acrylic on it??..just corn starch?..and clear nail polish?...BTW love ur videos!!!
What do you use as the glue???
how would you remove these?
Is Andreas choice really your sister?
what did you say you mixed the cornstarch with? did you say a clear nail polish?
how do you remove it?
Where canyon get all the stuff
Where do you buy the tips?!
question: are they a lot more fragile? like will they fall off easier? YOU LITERALLY SAVED MY BANK ACC. I can't stand acrylics, they're too thick and I usually can't handle them past a week! I need my nails done for prom soon and you might have just saved my life! Thank you!
NAME OF NAIL COLOR PLEASE??????!!!! and great video I'm deff. going to try this thanks love!
I've always been afraid to do this because I don't know how to actually take them off. I had acrylics once and I just ripped them off and it was so painful. To take these off do I soak them in acetone or buff them down or just rip them off? Great video!!
How do you remove this?
How do you know how far to place the tip when you glue it down because I always have trouble with that?
Do they brake easily
Are they like acrylics or could they just fall off easily?
what is the name of the nail polish? its BEAUTIFUL!💖
Great Video. This is what i was looking for , especially on a student budget :) Thank you.What kind of glue are you using?.
Can anyone tell me if shes Andrea's choice sister?
omg i have been waiting so long for someone to do this! Great DIY defiantly will be trying very soon! Question.. what glue do you recommend for the nails, because i  know some glue can be VERY damaging? btw love you <3
how do you come up with this stuff!? just thinking about the thought process..."hmm lets try corn starch today!" lol
Can you do more tutorials like this and can you please make a  new night time routine 😍😭
Do you have to put the base coat on twice, or can you just do it once?
How do you keep your cuticles so nice?
Love it!  Where do you get the nails from? :)
which glue do you use?☺️
where can we get that nail polish
Where did you buy the clear tips?
how do you take the nails off when you dont want them anymore?
Where can i get these tips?😘
What nail color is this, it's gorgeous?
What is the purpose of acrylic nails? I see them almost everywhere but I don't really see the benefit, though. :/
How long does it last ?
Definitely want to try this! but where can you find the tips?(:
how do you remove them? is there any solution you can put your nails in? or do u just wait till they chip off? !!!!!?
Where can you buy the nails in stores ??
Where did you get the nail kit?😍
what kind of glue are you using??
this is so cool and i can't wait to try it!! where did you get the nail tips from? love your videos so much 💗💗
Loved this vid! But how do you remove them?❤️
so ive gotta wait for my acrylics to fall off? bummer :(
Where did you get the clear tips?
how do you remove them?
What  color is that. It looks so beautiful
can you use nail polish remover to get the glue off?
Are they pretty strong/hard or more soft and flimsy?
Do they sometimes fall off?
How old r u? I also really love the nails
Question : Where did you buy the clear nails ? 😊
How do you take them off?
I'm a shampooist and acrylics are the only things that last but I hate how my nails are after. Do you think this will last for me for a week knowing that my hands are in water?! WHAT GLUE DO YOU RECOMMEND USING SO THE TIPS DON'T BRAKE OFF?!!!
omg so excited to try this legit been waiting forever! What kind of glue did you use?
So you wanna use nails that you think would normally be too small so that they don't look so oversized?
Which nail polish did you use,  and how do you remove them?   Love your vids btw 💕
I love you so much. congrats on one million subscribers I've been here since you had 100,000. please do the stiletto nail tutorial. where would you get the nails that you used in the tutorial?💖
Why is she so sexyy
Can you list the things that you usted so that we can find the items??
wait where can you buy the nails?
Will these last a week even on super short natural nails?
Does over exposure to water make them last less than a week?
Where did you buy the extensions and are they easy to use like say putting in a ponytail or trying to open something using your nail?
how do you remove those?
Do they fall off easily? Cause i can be rough with my nails sometimes and i don't want them to fall off and have to  constantly put a new nail on.
I wanted to know like how would you take them off? When they're fully grown out though... Because i don't wanna like rip it off in a way it'll damage my nail. Great video by the way! This saved my life!!
I love this video so much!!Question: When removing the nails, do I use nail polish remover or is there another way? That's maybe a bit quicker?
which were the products you used instead of the acrylic? loved this video so much definitely I'm gonna try this❤💕✨
@Alexandrasgirlytalk I have a question, could you use that corn starch and nail polish mix on its own without using tips? I have natural long nails and thought maybe this mix would harden them. Love you videos btw 😙
Hi, I was just wondering what brand/type of glue you used? Love your videos btw :)
Can you use baking soda as a replacement for the cornstarch?
what is your favorite nail polish color ?
Can you do a video on what it's like being vegan or do you already have a video like that?
where do u get the nail extensions PS I love u your goals😘💕💕
Omg thank u that was so helpful!! But can u list the stuff used in description box or in a comment :/?
My life has changed, omg.  Question: do they break easily?
what were you mixing to fill in the nails
What oil did you use to prep your nails with
Hey alex!!! 🙋🏽🙋🏽i want to do this nail mani like right now but i dont have any constarchhh 😰 would u might have any other substitutes in mind?
What glue did you use for your nails and also r the nails sold at like target? Love this video!❤️
Where can u buy the fake nails from??
What kind of glue?
Two things: That color nail polish looks amazing on you! What color is it? And where did you get that nail file? I've been needing to get one like that but just haven't seen it in stores where I live. I love your videos, always helpful keep up the great work ☺️❤️
Is there anything you could use in place of the cornstarch
This was frigen AWESOME i can't believe how good they looked I was expecting ATLEAST one bump but they were seamless!! Awesome awesome job!! You nailed it!! Bravo 👏🏻 can't wait to try it out!! How much corn starch are you mixing in is my only question?? Just until it's like thick???
What brand of base coat and top coat did you use?
Where did u get your tips from like what brand and also the glue
where can u buy the nail tips?
Do you fill them in when they grow out or do you have to start all over? If so can you do a video on how you fill them in as well! Thank you!
Love this idea! question : did you use a top coat after or is it not needed?
Will they easily snap off when you're washing your hair?
If I wanted to take them off what's the best way to remove them? Your so amazing the nail color is gorgeous.
Hey, what kind of glue did you used?
where do you find these tips in Canada without ordering online  and how does the conrstarch protect your nail why dont you just use regular clear nai lpolish without the cornstarch
Had to stop going to get my nails done at a salon . what do u recommend for someone that is now nail bed are so then because of acrylic
I've been so excited for this! Great video! What kind of glue did you use? Is it like nail glue for fake nails?
Where did you get your clear tips?
And what kind of glue did you use?
And what kind of glue did you use?
do these break easily??
Substitute for corn starch?