I have 2 neon tubes in my kitchen, where the ends are partly broken. Can I still get LEDs into? How? At the moment there is no light, even moving the tubes does not help any more.
What is the difference between shunyed and non shunted? I have no clue what that means or why you need one or the other
what about with 8 fixtures connected together that has 3 fluorescent light bulbs on each and an emergency ballast? is that possible to convert to LED?
What is the energy saving  typically  in KWhr annually  when you compare a led light tube with a florescent light tube assuming the light tube is turned on all the time ?
how tp also comvert POE?
Good day Sir. Can I use traditional ballast in converting Fluorescent lamp to LED? Or I need to replace the ballast too? Thank you Sir. :)
I have no doubt everything you did is ok, but your camera was out of focus, and even though you were giving the explanation appropriately your camera was showing nothing... I wonder if you have a cameraman or a fixed camera that was out of focus? pity... for somebody like me that was looking for a DIY explanation on how to go from fluorescence tubes to LED tubes... I better get an electrician to do the job. remember a picture is better than a thousand words!
Wait! Turn off the power at the box??? Why not just unplug it? It's easier to take it down then to try to do it overhead.
Why keep so much excess wire length in the fixture?
2 Jan 22 I have a 4 tube fluorescent light fixture. I want to replace the tubes with LED tubes.  I have 18w ballast suitable for the led tubes. The question is do I use a single ballast for each led tube (4 ballast)? Or one for two bulbs (2 ballast).
Do you know where my husband can buy  a g8 florescent socket.?
Is it practical to install LED  tubes over and under Kitchen  Cupboards  instead of  Florescent  as the direction of light is upward on the upper cupboard and down on the lower cupboard. ???
What is the price difference between rebuilding the old light housing, as compared to buying an already ready to go LED light fixture?
How many Carpenters does it take to change a bulb.     ITS CALLED A LAMP!!
What is a tombstone? What is a pigtail? These are tubes not bulbs? These instructions are fine if you could do without it. If you know too little to sort it out for yourself, this will not help very much. It should be mentioned that this is aimed at the experienced electrical DIY'er, certainly not a novice.
Hi, how do I do the opposite? I want to put fluorescent tubes inside a LED fixture... Please advise!!
what did you say to annoy those 1.9k thumbs down people??????
In Australia we use 240v and all it takes is to remove the starter and we are ago,none of this work you are doing simple why do you not try it?
What does a bulb without the pins look like?  Are they designed to fit into the shunted lampholder - to be held securely?  Or is it just magic that they stay where you want them?
Why do you leave the yellow wire from end to end.  What purpose does it serve.??
What is the purpose of the yellow wire going from one end of the fixture to the other?
are there single pin shunted tombstones? how would you use a multimeter with a single pin fixture?
I replaced the whole fixture and throughout the whole old fixture. Now my problem is that the new fixture has strip LED lights and I want to replace it with regular LED bulbs can I?thank you
Why not just get a new fixture that is already wired for LED? It's literally a $10 piece of sheet metal and wiring. How does this nuisance and time save anything?
So, someone comes along later (say a new homeowner) and decides to put in a flour scent tube in place of a bad led tube. What tappers? I converted my shop and now am wondering if I need to identify the fixtures as non fluorescent?
Why would you spend all that time and money to convert ,just buy a new light fixture ,its a lot cheaper
you skip the connection of the yellow and red wire where you connect that 2 wires?
Can you use normally close holder on other side??
Why use zip ties to tie up the extra wiring when you get a disc clip the wiring a foot shorter
Do u connect it straight to the outlet without a ballist?
Did anyone find it ironic that he cut off the little bit extra on the zip tie to coil and stow 9' of extra wire.
The only think I have is are the tombstones  "lock out" so the wrong ends can't be put in or would it be a good idea to label them for ones own bad memory or a future home owner?
I don't understand. I searched LED tubes and it almost looks like they just sell tubes that fit in fluorescent fixtures. Do you have to go through this process for these: https://www.1000bulbs.com/product/218507/TCP-10735.html?cc=300&gclid=CjwKCAiA25v_BRBNEiwAZb4-ZZDlhY_yPS1kPqSIUOxsuuT7trxyw3UOQkwbAQePdSMW3wh7KNSlRRoCGwcQAvD_BwE
I have florescent bulbs in my office but the light hurts my eyes. I am on a switch with other offices so cannot just turn them off. Can i just unscrew the bulbs and leave them in the light?
A new project coming up, thank you for all that great info.  Is that you playing a few bars of Spanish flamenco sounding music on guitar as the intro?  If that's you, can you teach that too?  Loved the whole video, thanks again.
Can't you just take a shunted tombstone and cut the wire so no power is going to it and still use a single end LED?
with wire connectors ,,did you strip end of wire before putting them inn wire connectors?
I replaced my FTs with LEDs.  Didn't remove the ballast.   They work, but after about 30 min, it turns off.  After a period of time, it might/might not come back on.  Cycling the switch makes no difference.  Is this due to the ballast still in place?
was that desperado in the beginning?
Great stuff but are led bulbs  in different diameters like T12 and T8 ?
I have some vintage fixtures I want to rewire for led can this be done?
I bought 2 Philips Led replacement tubes for my 4 foot fixture using the universalT8/T12 and the ballast for the  original flourescent  lamps. now the ballast is shoing signs of burning out... (works and then heats up to 300 degrees and shuts down) what do i do? how can I hook those univeral LEDS  up without a ballast? Should I buy a new ballast? what type?
Sorry if this has been answered. Do you have a recommendation for bulbs? Replacing 8ft fluorescents
So I was told that you have to replace the ballast with and “Led driver” but no one on these videos does that... are they not needed?
Why do people go through all this rewiring business?  I just replace the tube and the starter (which comes with the LED tube), and the new light works fine.
Can  we get rid of all components inside? Also, if you have doubled ended tombstone, do you just cut off the cables on one end? Apbaboolall@gmail.com
Oh crap. I dont have a screwdriver.  Oh crap. What is a circuit breaker? Sssshhhhunnnnted tombstones with pigtails??????  Yyeeeeeehhaaaaw.
How do I Bypass The Ballast In A 4 Lightning Bulbs Fluoresce Light
Which side is the power end of the LED?  You advised that be sure to install the power end of the LED to the nonshunted tombstones we installed.
Basically, you just removing the ballast from the circuit, right?
how to install lamp bulb in tube light circuit
Question: Is there a way to use the LED replacement lamps designed to use with the existing ballast, but to use them without the ballast?  Thanks for the great video.
After ‘strobing” for a minute the bulb quit lighting or flashing altogether. Did the LED die?
What would you suggest.  aaronkdean@msn.com
Some im a bit late to the party here but i have a question.. my ballest works with 1 LED however when i place the 2nd led tube in it it will turn on for a moment then just turn off.. what in the world would cause that? Also is thier a way to get a ballest thats already set up for dual leds thst i can just change it all out st once?
Why is he wearing a ladies V  kneck T shirt?
Why not leave the plug on your pigtail wires, then just make your connection  with the plug?????
Do you know if anyone sells a conversion kit?
why all the extra  WIRE  ????????
Which is easier, converting fluorescent to LED or fluorescent to regular lighting?
Can you post a link to where you bought the parts to replace your lights.
Unless the ballasts are cooked, what is an approximate "payback time" for this substitution?  Best guess: DECADES!
Two questions. How come you did not take the time to shorten the new wire for the LED tombstones? Second, how come you did not just push the hot and the neutral into their respective push-connectors instead of using a pigtail? if the wires were cleaned up it would have been really simple to identify these if you need to work/replace in the future. A good video just had these questions.
is there a flush mount hard wire led shop light with a pull chain switch
3:57, don't you mean you'll be replacing the shunted with non-shunted?  Sorry, I only saw your correction above now. :)
Can't you just cut the shunt?  Or is it built into the lamp-holder?
I have a question.  Does a ballast uses energy even if the florecent tubes are not plugged on but the switch is on? Meaning: I have a few old florecent lights in a hallway but i didn't need as much light as they were originally providing,  so i just twisted the tubes out of their sockets.  Is the ballast still using anergy?
With out reading all the comments below. I have q question. Can up put the new led tube lights on a dimmer?
Can yiu recommend a vendor for the bulbs?
If the new LED tubes are single ended, then I just need to replace the power end with an un-shunted tombstone receptacle, and just deadhead the old shunted one at the non powered end?   Can you confirm?
What would happen if by mistake someone fitted a standard tube, (not LED ) after this change?
Have you considered that rebuilding or changing fluorescent fixtures to LED fixtures you are voiding the UL/CSA approvals. In some jurisdictions you need a permit and there are required items that have to be satisfied to get a permit and inspection. By the time this happens it would be less expensive to simply replace the fixture. Most if not all homeowners do not have the skill set or experience to do this change.
WHAT ABOUT THE BALLAST?
What manufacturers do you source for single end tubes?
Does this only work for T8s?
I have recessed fluorescent light fixture with 4 f32 lights, I cant just replace them with led light bulbs of same kind? I have to dismantle the whole thing and change the wiring and all that??
Can you explain WHY you shut off the power at the breaker?
Do the have these for 8 ft fixers ?
thank you for the video. I have a question how to you convert a Fluorescent Torchiere lamp to LED? it uses 2 of those bulbs.
You do know that they make and sell LED light tubes that fit in place of the fluorescent tubes with no modifications-required right?
Wound it be cheaper and easier to replace the fixture with an LED one? It would surely be faster.
I was just curious but don't LED lights need to be attached to a transformer before it is attached to the ceiling?
Why would ne1 do sumthin stupid like that
Nice video instruction, thank you.  Is it possible to convert 8’ T12 fixtures?
I have a locksmith shop and I just replaced the fluorecent lights for LED, I didn't change nothing  else and are working very good, saving 30% of my electricity bill, Do yo thing I'm  tanking a risk?
My question is what socket brand are you using?
How do you know if  your Fluorescent light  burned out or if the ballest is burned out
ia there a reason i havent seen t5 replacement mentioned at all?
Where can one buy the required hardware to convert
I am very technical but i don't  get your explanation..  But mine has a starter in it, should i remove it and the transformer? And make sure the "tubestones" are not shunted.. Well heck, i'll order some complete ones with armature from Ali.. ;))
Really? You needed needle nose pliers to use as a screwdriver?
If my tombstones don't come with wiring, what gauge wire should I use to connect them?
Why didn't you twist the pigtails together with the hard wiring before installing the wire nuts? LOOSE CONNECTION possibility!!!
If "shunted" simply means that both pins are on one wire,  then there is NO reason to buy special "tombstones" because DUHH all one has to to do is connect the wires together or put a jumper in which most of the (99 out of 100)  will have spare stab ins  and you just strip a 3" piece of scrap ballast wire and stab in connecting both pins....IF that is what "shunted" means then what the hell?  You trying just to sell crap to people you know they dont need?????  Or is "shunted" mean something else??
Did you just wire in the lights to the supply power?
what constitutes a traditional fluorescent tube fixture, wouldn't the old magnetic ballasted T12 type fixture that has been around for 50 years or more be considered the most traditional fluorescent tube fixture of them all? Don't those old traditional T12 style fluorescent tube fixtures already use non-shunted lampholders/tombstones?
Why didn't you just "daisy chain" the sockets?  Then there would be one black and on white wire coming from the powered end of the socket assembly instead of that rat's nest?
Whats a non shunted lampholder compared with the ones you took off the fitting?
So each of the new non shunted lamp Sockets will fit into an old fixture??
where can you buy the non-shunted tombstones?
Why don't you just go out and buy a new fixture I don't understand why you fixing it why you changing it do you really save that much money
Why would you not cut all that extra wire off is very puzzling? Are you expecting a zombie apocalypse and you might have to revert to fluorescent? Looks like 10 pounds of crap in a 5 pound bag.
what happened to the BALLAST?
interesting... but can it sustain high current required if we your larger wattage led ?
Bunch of wires... Diagram?
Will this work for a larger flourescent bulb, like an old 4' (2 bulb)shop light?
Do the LED light have a strobing effect?
With the ballasts removed, will T8 LEDs work well in T12 fixtures? What I've read suggests that it will more-or-less work... but it may "hum" and the bulb lifespan may be shorter. No mention of whether that's with the ballast removed/bypassed, though. Thoughts?
What about the NEC on quick connect plugs for the power. It keeps from getting zappes
How come I get static  in my radio from LED bulbs what's my problem
So the LED tubes need shunted or non-shunted tombstones? 3.57 says shunted needed and 8.27 says non-shunted.
Why don’t these people making the videos use industry standard terminology... it’s not Hot it’s Line!!!  And it’s not Neutral either it’s Common...
So, the Led tubes have the power supply built in so that they can run directly from the AC power? Or did I miss something?
Does the tube lights up even we switch the polarity?
Would have been nice to have links to the parts used don't ya think? I just clicked ont he link below for a the $20 fixture. cheaper to and takes less time.
If the FL tube bases are shunted, how do they start with no preheat?
what about temperature
Why did you save all that wire? Just cut it off ?
Where did you find multi wire snap together connectors?
question: my case where the fluorescent tube fit have a starter switch (small tubular thing) do i remove those ?