After watching this video I actual built this exact same set-up and I've discovered that if you're going to use straps to secure it, it will cause the bicycle to lurch. You do not want to have it hitched with anything that will stretch/give, like you'd get with a bungee cord, and it will have the same lurching effect if you go with a dumbstick. The other issue is that whatever you're latching it onto when it comes to the bicycle itself(like a bicycle rack), one may want to question the rack's weight potential. Also once I got it secure properly, the weight of the trailer/dolly is immensely bogging, and even more-so when adding any additional weight to it. If you're able to make the design work, one may want to consider aluminum or even getting something made with chromoly or perhaps even pc tubing ...but aluminum isn't easy to weld(unless one is trained/experienced) and has the risk of cracking. PC tubing also has the risk of cracking/breakage as well as flexing. As far as chromoly? ...it's lighter than steel, yet it welds like steel, and does run the risk factors that reside in aluminum & PC tubing.
I want to connect my golf clubs to my bike.  How can I attach my golf trolley safely?
I agree they are pretty dare loking at a surly Ted and it's like 2k here. don't now if i would be trusting the connection you are using there though, is it just tied on? i guess it could be okay if you don't use it often & ain't traveling very fast
so what about turning? i mean, the connection needs to pivot from side to side for turns? and also does the trailer ever roll on a turn and bring the bike down too.     I'm looking at carrying very heavy wood loads that will be long....but not very high off the ground...thanks
how the **** did i land here?
how is that an oxymoron? Cheap is referring to the price to construct and strongest is referring to the strength. Price and strength are not opposites in any way?
im just gonna ducktape my stuff to me and the bicycle and forget about a silly trailer .... now how do i ducktape a tv to my bike ? any suggestions >? I have a truck, and i dont need to move a tv .. i just want to know how to ducktape one to a pedestrian ...maybe fine an old lady and run up and duck tape a t.v. set to her back and just runn off yelling insults from 70s t.v. shows .... and 80s show ... I love marijuana :)