How can I buy this bow?
What a nice fella, are u still doing videos, if youre  not better get started again ! :))
What kind of pvc you use
How about rounding over the back edge of the flattening jig to not have that hard transition point?
is there any difference in green and white PVC ?
Um Nick how long was the Siyah thingy? I wanna build this Bow 0><0 pls tell me.
could you also make a form to press the shape while flattening the pipe?
Hi, if I make it longer, like not 50", but 52" or 53" how the draw weight decreases in this bow? And can I pull to 28" without doing much stress to it if I make it longer?
will this be good for larp? lol
your video is awesome!! I really want to try to make it for myself. What is the name of the string that you use?or the material to make that string and for the arrows what's the name?carbon?where I can find them? The fletching jigs and the feathers the green and black one where I can buy it?
Is it a hollow pipe?
Hi Nick. How to increase an amount of the draw weight (maybe a few lbs) ,  but still use the same 3/4'' long,  and same draw length?  Need to add or reduce the long of the pipe?  And, increase or reduce the long of the pipe give the same effect (changing of draw weight)  with other bow type (siyah type or recurve type)? Thanks.
Hey man when you flatten limbs how do you make it straight ? Whenever I flatten it always ends up looking like a snake . Would really appreciate if you could give some advice (:
Hey nick, how did u cut out the sillas? With a hand saw or with and hand saw?
Do u sell the bows after u build them or do u have a room dedicated to pvc
Hi Nick. Love your videos! I've made 1 full size crossbow, 2 pistol crossbows and 2 bows so far. Crossbows are fun to make, but the bows are more fun to shoot so I'm totally into archery now. All thanks to you! One question though: you seem to be making bows with siyahs in your more recent videos. In your opinion, do they shoot better than bows with flattened tips with recurve?
What piqued your interest into being a bowyer initially?  What started you down this path?  Also, isn't the air _intake_ for the heat gun on the back, where you have it sitting on the stand?  Won't that damage the heat gun?
Just curious, where did you get your PVC pipe?
WTF HE HAS 66,666 subs!!! CONSPIRICY??