When he says chin up, does he mean pull up?
Can you make a similar for cbum?
You haven't had billionaires working against You! And why? You tell Me!
Which Body Part Did Arnold Choose To Be ? ... Il Be Sac ...  !+)  Love Yoo Arni !+)
No one works in anymore?
It's bittersweet because I have none of any of this.  I have no goal, no vision.  What do you do when that end point, the thing to visualize, just doesn't exist?  You drift, right?  But I *have* nothing else.
Anyone know who the dude with the mustache is that arnold’s seen lifting with in these older videos?
What exercise did Arnold do at 3:13 ?
2:44 what's she saying?
So we're still not acknowledging the gear huh?
what is the movie name of this video?
Who know the song name at 0:40?
What about your freedom?
What's the music used at 0:45?
What is the best product or brand to lost lots of weight? I read lots of superb opinions on the internet about how exactly Okibetonic Secrets can help you lost crazy amounts of weight. Has anyone tried this popular fat burn diet plan?
0:52 What did he say?
anyone else noticed?  Arnold used suicide grip for benchpress
Why motivate myself by looking at bodybuilders when these videos motivate me
How can a bodybuilder eat like hell but can still keep in shape?
How many dudeds training around him still alive?
30 sets a body part? Mans gotta sleep 15 hours a day to recover from that shit😂
He used great form ?
Just realized that he always did his workouts barefooted. Is this a good advice or bad?
Arnold's type of physique would draw more people to the Olympia and overall sport of bodybuilding today. Disagree??
what is the exercise at 3:18 called?
I wonder about that story about the director saying he'd cut Arnold from the movie if he didn't weigh in a 210. The number one bb'er in the world - who was he going to replace him with at the last minute?
Is 6 hours really enough?
Can some one tell me if superset like arnold is good? Or it's better push pull legs
Who is watching this and lifting
35 sets... jesus christ.  It really begs the question that, if 1 human can do 35 sets, why can't the rest of us?
What the intro song names?
What is Custokebon Secrets? We have noticed many awesome things about this popular lose weight diet plan.
What's the classical music at 1:07 please?
Arnold for president anybody?
He got flatfoot???
When Arnold wins mr Olympia, does he put pictures of himself on the wall for motivation?
Can somebody explain to me why Arnold had to lose some weight to be in films? I thought the bigger he was the better he would look in the movies. I'm confused.
What he's watch ?
You look at guys from then compared to now, huge difference, but what is it exactly? Maybe all the additional drugs, and training methods that guys use now days to involve every fiber of every muscle. Arnold's day while they worked very hard, they didn't exactly blast every conceivable angle and fiber like they do now. I think the body shapes we saw then and see now are largely a result of the different training methods. If a guy were to adopt a golden era routine strictly, he'd wind up w a similar shape.
was he a natural bodybilder?
So is overtraining a myth?
what about time sitting in traffic? can't get that 1.5hr back it's wasted!
Can u go u beyond a mass soldier ?
Any one tried the Custokebon Secrets (search on google)? I have heard many awesome things about this popular fat burn secrets.
min 2:44 this face..... wtf?
5 hour workout? ronnie coleman claimed he only did an hour and a half workout at his biggest (300+ lbs) arnold was a wimp. lol ronnie was one in a billion, genes-wise, but overall I think arnold's symmetry and aesthetics were second to none, ever.
Um...anyone interested in seeing a modern era Olympia champ or top ranking heavyweight guys run 6 or 8 miles?? LMAO
How do you go from casually working out to training
1:17...woah! flatfooted?
what if im skinny fat, what should my goals be?
2:42 What did she say?
Were can I get the blueprint?
Is it just me but I have seen this since he won... His front pose one bicept is more defined than the other one..
Has anyone tried Custokebon Secrets? (do a google search) We've heard several amazing things about this popular weight loss secrets.
Who’s here after all gyms are closed?
2:44 what did she say??
What's the best Protein Shake can you suggest that is cheaper than Nitrotech?  Musclepharm  Combat I think has milk in them so I just sh*t it after drinking. (Lactose and tolerant) Other flavors are not available on my country.  Optimum Nutrition Whey Protein makes my back have pimples.
I read lots of great reviews on the internet about how Custokebon Secrets will help you lost crazy amounts of fat. Has anybody tried this popular fat burn method?
Why is arnold smaller at the first terminator?
Rest day? Where is this rest muscle and how do you train it?
He didn't have bubble gut. Why are all the bodybuilders today have bubble guts ?
Is there any link or videos of Arnold all workout in pumping iron (all outtakes)???
Wait where’s his mole now?
Does anybody else read the comments using Arnold Schwarzenegger’s accent.
Rest day ? where is this rest muscle and how do I train it ?
Guys. How often are u supposed to do super/giant sets?
Does Trump have time to work out?
how do u know how to train properly? and how do u know what diet to get on? i am 18 and i want to learn how to do all of that, but don’t know where to start.
6' 2", 240lbs?   Fat ass
What kind of food they was eating .............?
I wonder if this blueprint works if youre starting to lose weight and want to use it as a guideline in the gym
Did Arnold have that big freckle removed on the right side of his jaw
Why would anyone dislike this?
What’s the blue print ? I also got green card through Joe Weider ,who you helped from Europe to get green card ?
Where are my 2019 gang at, who is seeing this video wayyyy to many times
Bodybuilders used to look aesthetic. What happened?
I'm sorry but I'm looking for serious advice.  I think I may have body dysmorphic syndrome.  I'm 5"9 223lbs and 7% but when I look at myself I still see a 175lbs person. Does anyone know anything about that disorder?  I think I might have it.
1:08 What IS that music from ?
At 3:12 is that for the side delts?
Wait how was he a champion? He didn’t look pregnant
one hundrdd 185 eighty five pounds///?./..750
Why they are many symbol at the beginning of vidéos? triangles, and others... it's not about or related bodybuilding...
Was/is he natty?
2:46  who's that girl?
So are we just gone not acknowledge the juicing? Asking for a friend.
For me,  what is the right supplement brand to buy , i mean there is EAS USN ON i dont know what is real and also what is priced correctly. Sometimes just because the product is made in the USA it doesnt mean its the shit, or does it? Local brands versus Intl brands, i dont know.  Its like DJs,  there are so many good djs out there not just Armin or Tiesto or Oakenfold or Cox, its just the marketing that changes that appearance or perception. So anyways, please somebody , help me understand what a decent supplement brand is ?
Is six hours of sleep really long enough for muscle recovery and growth in most people??
5:21 Great point about the cheat meals, but why in the blueprint to mass on Saturdays it tell you to eat a cheat meal??????
Is he natural ?
So inspiring! 5 hrs a day in the gym? then wtf these days fucking docs talking about cortisol stress hormons and  catabolic shit???
So is it okay to workout in 1 hour each day?
Hi Arnold .... iv had a spinal surgery, broken leg and now nerve decompressed ..... I wpould like to build up slowly.... what would your recommend ? Btw you look amazing 😉
why did i have to watch this while im sick
How did he making a living if he worked out 5 hours a day??
Who is this guy? I would like to train him :-D
Where did his muscles go
How the hell does one sleep faster. Someone explain me that.
Were his muscles functional ?   Cuz he always seemed like so clumsy n slow n not so strong in movies
Did Arnie do any good forearm exercises?
train 5 hours a day? that cant be right
theme song? please !!!
nice video! mind checking out my channel!!?
where has arnie muscles got to he looks a shadow of his former self
whats the intro song?
what's the songs used in the video?
How is Arnold the best? He had no legs, no shoulders, weak abs, weak low back... Too many flaws for him to be the best
Is it just me who's got a massive bromance for arnie
Can't we just elect Arnold Schwarzenegger to be president? I'd trust him a lot more than trump.
anyone tell me which supplements did Arnold Schwarzenegger use??
Sure he's doing all these workouts,but he's using a lot of momentum,basically not proper form,help me understand why he does this?Also if he does it,why can't I?
Wait, wait, wait... Arnie took acting classes..?!
How many of those 5 hours actually involved Arnie lifting a weight? Looking at several training routines online, I'm inclined to believe 2.5 hours tops.
I have never seen his mole on his side cheek ? know what happen to mole ?
Who would put thumps down on the most successful immigrant of the United States??  204 Couch potatoes right fatties stop gating :)
Anybody know the name of the piece at 1:07?
what is super setting ! can some one explain ...also what is warm up set how its different !!
why didn't he get stronger than one punch man
6 hours of sleep only? Is that healthy?
but... he lost most of those muscles right?
what is a terninator
Anybody got any thoughts on d-bal?
how do you spell the german phrase at 13:02?
Anyone's lower pec fucking small? How did Arnold get his that big wtf ;-;
who is the beautiful girl at 2:44?
I uploaded black and white pic of a guy that goes to my gym he is in my avatar, do you think that back could be done natural?
what was that workout at 4:12
"What are you more hungry for?" Something I need to ask myself all the time.
0:40 song name please!?
Arnold took acting classes??
What movie did he have to weigh 210 lbs for?
People nowadays talking about bad form. Arnold got big by ... Bad form??
245? I gotta lose some weight.
Did he lose 30 lbs of muscle to be in a movie during his bodybuilding years? Hopefully not
for what movie did he weigh 210?  I'd like to see what he looked like.
Where do guys as wide as him find a shirt that fits?
Does anyone else think of the film "Terminator" when it comes to Arnold Schwarzenegger, or is just me?
would you really want to listen to him considering how he looks now......yeah i know he is old...but looking at him in the video you extrapolate....and he is nowhere near to what you might expect him to be now
Has anyone surpassed Arnold yet in terms of bodybuilding?
I notice he always seems to be chewing gum in that training footage. With studies showing that chewing gum reduces stress hormones, I wonder if that helped him out? Shame it's so hard to find sugar-free gum that isn't sweetened with artificial sweeteners.
What did that girl say?﻿
He took acting classes? Could have fooled me!
did he do any homework while on college?
music around 2:20 please anyone?
02:43....hmm.. think Arnold hit that?
i wonder what his body looks like in the present
Whats the name oft the song at 0:40 ?
it must have sucked to have to lose that much muscle for a movie role. Why would the director even want him to weight less when Arnold's role in "Stay Hungry" was being a bodybuilder? Oh well, it was a stepping stone into the movie biz.