How do you get the black rubber sensor back in place
What if the top sensor was buggy and detected you turning the water on, then didn't detect you trying to turn it off, or you just walked out of the room and forgot to shut it off? Does the top sensor keep the water turned on indefinitely or will it eventually automatically shut off? Can you manually move the handle into the "on" position and then back to "off" to override the sensor?
Can I control that with my smartphone ?
Do you have the links for all of these items used in the video?
shouldnt all wrenches be basin wrenches...? they seem so much more intuitive, you dont need as much lateral space to turn a bolt.
Imagine living in a country that turning on your faucet manually is too much work!?!?!
Any tips on disconnecting hoses from the control box? I have Atlas Neo Sensor faucet and I can't pull the hoses out of the sockets no matter how hard I try (by hand).
When you use the motion sensor portion of this faucet how does it know when to use hot or cold water?
my faucet is squealing! Why??????
Do they make Battery operated faucet for Bathrooms sink's?
Anyone watched TOH as a kid?
how long do the batteries last?
Hey Richard, I'm Richard too. I'm a Jamaican living in Jamaica and I love this skill so I went ahead and did level one (basic plumbing) with  the city and guilds. Now I'm certified and still want to continue until I get my diploma but I have to put in some work in the meantime to pay for those classes. So I get a few jobs here and there but most of the time I have to watch your videos to resolve the problems because I am not familiar with most of the plumbing fittings by name and looks. How can I learn more about these before going on the job?
hoses, hoses everywhere, wires, wires everywhere, does it have a battery? Or does it have the mains? Do I like the stuff I see? Do I like medusa? Medusa just appeared on me, Cabinet is now medusa
How do you unplug the water connections from the control panel? Can’t seem to get it off
Why make shit so complicated for a faucet really? Stick with the basics, fuck the junction box
How do you charge the battery pack?
Why does the water need to go back for the hose its connected already like the faucet without the hose its the same right why need the water to go back pls answer me
5:12 I don't have a water right seal on my plate and so the whole thing moves when I turn on and off my water. How can I secure it in place and make a water right seal? I'm going to check underneath for any loose screws.
So if I want just cold water or just hot water I have to turn the knob under the sink?
How is the battery installed? Is the battery rechargeable?  Was there an outlet?
Erik my sweet prince where art thou?
So do the home owners pay for the repair/equipment? Or does the show cover it? Because it seems like in a lot of cases, the people are going for the most expensive option they can...
what size drill bit did you use to drill the pilot hole to mount the control module?
Where did you brought your Touchless Kitchen Faucet?