I wonder if he measure first or just got lucky that a full grid would fit.
I am sorry, is no one going to point out the fact that those glasses have no lenses?! O.o
Why was there a penny missing
I guess the word penny comes from the word pence, then?
Did you know that copper doesn't have an inherent smell?  It's the chemicals on your fingers that cause it to smell that way.
Does anyone that doesn't have OCD have any idea about it?! I have it, we have pennies in England, and I don't think you're allowed to use coins in such a way here!😀😋
How many wheat pennies did you stick in there?????
I wonder if people would be more or less triggered if you had used one single dime instead of that black penny?
How about a pizza serving tray
Was this your first resin project?
Are we just going to ignore the one missing penny?
How much is that worth now?
Wait was there a single penny missing?!
Is it missing a penny!?
Y 8s there a penny missing?
Is it just me whos brain started to get confused by the word the penny because he said it so many times lmao
Does anyone else get pissed off by the missing penny
Is that definitely a dark penny? Because he did say he was going to miss one? Either way it’s frustrating
Why is there one missing it is so annoying
Why is there a penny missing?
Did you leave a penny out? I hate you XD you kill us OCD people
why is the one penny missing
Did I hear a Hudson Hawk reference?
am i olny one who noticed one missing penny ?
Could we use a hot glue gun for this
WHY DID YOU NOT PUT THAT ONE PENNY OMFG
where do you buy your Epoxy Resin?? i have a couple hardware stores where I live but none of them seem to carry what i think I'm looking for
Here's a question, that has probably been asked before [sorry, I don't tend to read all the comments].... isn't there a risk of taking metal to ANYthing with sand paper? Like... wouldn't there be a risk of it cutting/tearing it?
What oil do you use for finishing?
why does he have pennies hes American?
hey one question why or when  you need to put the hot fan to set it o to ended ?
You realize you're missing a penny in the middle?
Why is a penny missing?
i have never heard that the penny is not officially called a penny, where did you get that idea?
Was that a little Hudson Hawk reference?
my ocd goes beyond that non existing penny and just asks ......are they all heads.......or tails?
Peter Brown, what store do you shop at to get your big bottles of 2 part resin?
what happened to the missing penny
How did I know that you would add epoxy or resin on top?
how does the epoxy respond to putting hot dishes or coffee mugs on it?
what about and action figure(vintage star wars(if I may suggest)) filled/embedded TV tray or cake plate/stand?
Question someone please answer !!!? Why couldn't you of just layed them all out without glueing them down and then just epoxied them in? < hope that made sense
so i have to ask ..... ever watched hudson hawk ?
the missing cent.... why... why?!?!?!?!?
Wat were the liquids you put on top of the pennies?
Why did you leave one spot missing a penny?  For conversation?
how much money is on the trey ?????
When you're doing these videos can you give instructions while you're working? I'd like to try some of these
Is penny an ism for pence? As in one pence?
Did he purposely do that
why the fuck did you forget the one dame coin
What's your address? I'll send you a glass one that you can make something out of...I've got a bunch waiting to become projects!
Anyone know why he priced the drilled bit with that yellow tool thing?
Did you sing that song because of Hudson Hawk?
looks great. question.. is it legal to use coins for anything other than legal tender?
Why are theRE GOOGLY EYES ON HOS POWER TOOLS? AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED?!?!?
Why is there a penny missing!
Lol a PENNY board    oooooooohhhhh!!!!!!    No?      ok. :'(
why no comments?
Am I the only one who enjoyed the Sinatra performance?
How much epoxy did you use? I am doing the same (6 sq ft) and I have no idea how much I need. Thanks.
what is the name of that thing you poured from big jar ?
does that missing penny piss anyone else off
why.... is..... there.... a.... penny.... MISSING!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?
Why did you leave an open spot
Hudson Hawk reference?
so was that regular black paint you used on the bottom of the tray?
Wouldn't a band saw make cutting the copper pipe easier?
I keep waiting on you to slice your hand open cutting that copper. Have you considered cutting it with band/table saw? The carbide teeth on a table saw should cut it fine I would think.
did you leave a penny out of the tray on purpose? that would drive anyone who is ocd nuts
Why didn't you use 4 small wood blocks adjusted to the curvature of the tray to make the handles go upright?
Is there one missing ... its seriously messing with my ocd . Ahhhhhhhhh take it apart and add the last one . !!! Lol
Did u miss a spot around the upper you left my right  or is that a really dark penny . knowing me that would drive me to insanity lol...
Could anyone tell me what the two things he mixed in the jar was? Id really love to try this project (:
yo i gotta ask, why did u glue the pennies down?  wudn't have the glaze kept them in place?
Am I the only one who took the time to realize that it was just a dark penny? LOL
Did anyone else pick up the Hudson hawk reference
Am I the only one getting the Hudson hawk reference ?
WHY IS THAT ONE PENNY MISSING??!??
What epoxy do You use
Does that make cents?