New to your channel and to gardening. Where did you get the blue containers from? They look a lovely size for my backyard.
why would ppl in some parts of the world use the term pawpaw for papaya, when there is a completely different plant/fruit that already has that name claimed? it's not so much harder to say papaya..
I’m thinking of attempting this method ✊🏾 Do you think berry bushes like raspberries & blueberries, etc would do well being potted up thus way?
Did the air pruning turn out in the long run?
Hi Rob. What material is your shade cloth made out of? Is it jute?
Why do roots die off near edge ,could it be the sunlight ,uv not the open air ?
could you do this with avocado tree ? mango tree?
Looks like a great idea. How has this set up worked overtime ?  thanks for the vid.
What material are you used to cover around the pot in side, is carton ? Thanks.
What size perforated drain pipe would you recommend for a 5gallon bucket? Would it make much difference to have the holes on the side slightly lower than the top of the drain pipe to allow air pruning from the bottom too?
what fabric did you use on this video? Any links to buy?
Hi thanks for the detailed explanation. One question so, why don’t you put the grow media all the way down to the reservoirs?
Could you please tell me more about the socks watering technique
I'm new to gardening and completely lost.... How does the water get to the plants?
Do you think air pruning would work enough by simply drilling lots of much smaller holes in pot (eg 1/4 inch or 1cm)? Have U ever tried it or seen where anyone else has?
Hi Rob in this episode I did not see how you set the air layer of the holes to the size of the pipes?
How does the wicking from the sand to the grow bag compare to the soil wicking of a typical wicking barrel?  I live in Texas and my intuition would say that in the dead of summer it wont supply water for very long without evaporating from the sides of the grow bag (might not be usable for berries/tomatoes/peppers)
Where can I find the wet pots? I've done many searches and am not finding what you've got. Thanks!
If all you’re doing is creating a reservoir with the ag pipe why not use some other space occupying material like old bottles , pots , anhinga hollow?
Would  you be able to do this system with almond trees?
Sar can we use shade net instead of any clothe inside air pruning pot??
Is there an update on these
I've been watching heaps of ur videos over the yrs (which are great), but I'm wondering why ur planting in pots so much rather than directly in the yard? I know with blueberries (highly acidic requirements) pots enable U to only have to keep the potted soil more acidics, but I just dont understand why else? I have over 70 fruit trees/ plants plus vegies in my tiny suburban yard (mostly dwarf espaliers), but also 14 blueberry plants, strawberries, aloe vera etc etc, & I find that its massively more work growing in pots rather than in the soil, plus a whole lot more expensive, so I'm very curious as to ur reason for so many pots? I'm not criticizing at all, but just trying to understand why!
Hi. I would like to know (1) Do you only use strew or sugar cane matter to separate the sand from your soil mixture ? . (2) Are you pleased with the wicking action ? Thanks and very good videos.
Hi Rob love the video, I did have a look in the comments below and I did not hear it mentioned in the video, but what was the size of the plastic pot? Mickey
I bought a tree grown in one of those root pruning bags, its a kind of felt pot. When I planted it out I took it off as it was looking a bit grungy. I notice the roots had grown into the felt and where happy there. So when I took it off I had to rip off a load of the surface feeder roots still adhering to the grow bag. We have very high humidity so maybe thats why it didn't work so well, not sure. Question is should i have planted the whole thing, grow bag and all? I wasn't sure if this wouldn't have have stunted the tree as the veld takes quite a long time to rot away. The roots did look good but as I say they had penetrated the felt.
how is the tree doing in that air pot?
I don't know if this has been mentioned in the comments, but how about using a laundry basket with holes already precut? I'm not real handy with a drill so that's what I'll be using to grow sweet potatoes. We'll see how it goes!
Will burlap work? Seems to be cheaper than shade cloth.
Love the way you built the barrel and I see how you added the first bit of water, how do you continue to water and how often?
can i use those blue and green reusable plastic bags from cols and woolworths for air pruning?
This is another very interesting video.  I like these ideas, kind of everything container rolled into one.  My question would be, you are planting a tree in there ... so, how do you feed it over time, or are you going to just re-pot it when necessary?  Can you leave it in that air-pruning pot and just add compost or fertilizer over time?  Good luck!
Why put the hose in the bottom? Why not just put sand in there?
RobBobs Backyard Farming what do you think about doing lemon and lime trees in a air pruning wicking barrel ? any foreseeable issues ?
Hi Rob,  Have you or do you know of anyone that has tried putting in some perlite or vermiculite in place of the sand and tube?  I have tried this for a brief time so far and find it amazing how much water these inorganic materials will hold.  I think it is great for wicking because it does not rot like organic materials do.  I like the air pruning idea and want to use that with a wicking system in the next growing season.
hi, great video as always, any update? and one question untill the massive root structure developes  you loose dirt from the holes? (when it rains)
Great video as usual, I was thinking to get maximum air for pruning coming into the plant would a complete wire mesh pot with shade cloth do the trick?
Hello Bob, another insightful clip. You would have been asked this many times before, but where do you get the blue drums from?? cheers, brad.
Any thoughts on using this for smaller variety banana plants?
Those are beautiful! Wonder if I can do that with the dwarf fruit trees that will be coming in Dec?
That's very cool Rob! You seem to find a lot of cool uses for shade cloth! When you say paw paw, is it the mushy type of fruits that we have here in the states as well? Someone at work brought me some paw paw fruit and the seeds are rather strange looking! Thanks for the mention sir! Tell the girls Michelle and I said Hi! I give this video a green thumbs up!
Will it work on citrus trees and will they work ok in a greenhouse?