Is tea dyeing cotton, permanent?
I have a white table runner I want to be cream or ivory. I think I'm going to try the tea or coffee  method but I'm afraid of an orange or overly warm turn out. Would you say coffee will give warmer results than tea?
May i ask roughly how much distilled vinegar please? Thank you for tha salt ratio it helps ive two tablecloths id like to dye ❤
What's the point of going through this process when there's almost no difference in change of color??
About how long would I steep the tea and how many bags to go from white to an off white?
What if I need to sue large bolts of linen curtains
Would this work for toning down an orange cotton canvas? I bought it online thinking it would be a darker brick orange but it's sadly more of a bright pumpkin orange...
Do I really have to use vinegar and and iron ? why just don't only use tea and let it dry
What kind of tea do you use?
Where can I find the final results?
What is the purpose of adding salt please?
Nice process.. Very detailed.... Does the tea colour stay for some time or washes off the next wash ...just was curious!! Do you suggest I can use some fixer towards the end? Thanks dear 🙏
Hi Lisa, have you tried cheese cloth?
Will it be washed out in the future?
would you try this with a new handmade cotton doily?
salt?  Who knew
How much coffee do you add to your boiled water to dye fabrics
I don’t know why I have darker spots on my t shirt, what did I do wrong ? I just want it to be bone colour
This might be too...sciencey,  (yes, I know that's not a word and scientific would be the preferred nomenclature; but sciencey seemed to fit here) but does the salt have to be iodized in order to work in opening the fibers to help them accept the dye?
Does it work on semi synthetic ( half cotton) fabric?
I want to do a crib  sheet ! About how much water do you think I could use? Also I want more of a cinnamon color, do you have an instructional video on how to dye with cinnamon?
I put soda in the tea to draw the flavor (and color) from the tea bags. I wonder if the salt does the same thing??
So what happens you do acrylic etc? I have fabric I want to embroider and want it too fade and be stained to appear vintage.
How would polyester end up looking?
Is there anyway I could do a comforter?
Everyone complains about ketchup stains. Won't ketchup make a good dye? What colour would white cloth look? Light brown?
Can you make a another dye video using chilli powder, please?
Hi Lisa. I am a nurse and noted your dressing right away. Glad it is healed. Question...I would like a more sweded or "tie dyed" effect with both light and dark staining. What do you suggest?. God bless and I love your laugh too.
How many tea bags did you use?
Wow Thank you I always thought this was so hard and messy!!! You have taught me differently. Do you have a video on the ink spray too? Will definitely be watching you on a regular basis Thank you
Great video. I'm going to try it. Can you do this with adia? Also, can you save the used tea and reuse another time?
What's wrong with your arm? I hope it's better now since this video was posted in February.
I'm making a woven baby wrap so I have 4 yards of linen fabric. I don't have a pot big enough, could I use like a Home Depot bucket instead?
Are you saying that it will never wash back out? That I can cut it, sew it and quilt it and it will stay the same? This is an awesome idea. Thanks for sharing...