Hey you selling this?
Will this antenna pick up HD channels?
Hey Mike, I like the design of the antenna. I'm getting the materials together- what do the little pvc blocks do? Can I attach directly to the wood?
Couple questions: Would using thicker 40" wire do better? Adding a wire cloth reflector would 1/4 x 1/4 inch galv wire cloth work?
I am curious about what purpose does the pvc serves?  I am about to screw it straight to wood, will report with results. Also it is unclear what transformer to use.  I think I have some old ones on an old tv I kept because I am a hoarder.  Will try what I have and log back specs and results.
Can it work for VHF analog 196 mhz channels sir ? Please answer me .. thanks in advance ..
Does this antenna receive the signal from all directions Sir ???
Has anyone tried it with a third wire-set added to the top, or even a fourth?  You think that's a waste or would it improve reception/range?  Yes, definitely use a reflector to boost reception/range if you live far from the towers.
I'm getting ready to build one of these antennas (the tuxedo or this one).  I live out in the boonies (about 75 miles south of Henderson, NV) and on my current antenna, can only pick up about 23 channels.  Do you know which antenna would pick up long distance the best?  I'm really hoping to pull in more channels, as most of them seem to be crime/justice channels, weather, or old tv shows.
What were your signal level differences between the two antennas on each channel if any
Would this design pick up analog signals as well?
Helo sir.. I need your hepl 😊 can you teach me how to do that? for educational purpose only.. i need the schematic diagram.. thank you.. janlee.manalo@manalo thanks alot
Great video. How do you know how to make it?  why 10", why 1.5" apart, why a perfect triangle?  Just wondering how you came up with the design because I see so many other shapes and sizes.
After i got some interference elements out the way, it pick up great except my cbs channels which are in ch 4 range. Any ideals why it doesn't?
Does the extra time bending the Tuxedo warrant the extra labor this is also a very good Question thank you ????
Does it compair to the Tuxido???????
Did it pick up all of the available channels in your area?