Thx for the post. I am having the same problem with iMac M1 2021. That too within 18 months. Can you suggest options ? Other than going to Apple service store. ( Diagnostics shows no hardware issue and OS reinstall does not help).
What's The Solution For Thin Red Line On Mac Desktop?
Is that bald Lester ?!?!?!?!?!?!
hi, when you sent your laptop and got it back did it start up like normal? No issues since you fixed it? Also did you experience any loss of data?  I’m having the same issue and I’m worried about that happening. I have my stuff on iCloud but I’m just anxious
I have an artifac & glitch screen error when using Cartoon Animator 4 software. I use Macbook Pro early2011 8 GB RAM, and graphic card Intel HD Graphics 3000 512 MB. Is it because of the insufficient graphics card issue ?
Hi great video, I got two thin vertical lines, one red and one blue on the left third of the screen. I have got a mid 2007 20 inch iMac. The lines are there all the time, even when booting, what could be my issue?
I occasionally get random grey speckly screens like this  https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/912MwmBzSoL._AC_SL1500_.jpg Maybe once a month, maybe less, that last for about a second or less. Only ever grey spreckly. Is that anything to worry about? What causes it, and should I get it looked at? Seems a rather minor thing but you never know, could be a harbinger of something bigger.
This has happened to my MacBook Air... Can I fix it myself?
Is this display problem common with this particular model or series from 2013?
It happens an hour ago and my macbook display screen cracked due to the bump on the screen, even though the glass screen looks all completely fine. Tough luck for me as I’ll off to apple fixing straight off tomorrow 😣  My mac is really slim, if you know the macbook with rose gold? Yep, that one. Is it has to do with the durability? Like if the more thicker mac, the more stronger screen durability? (I heard it from my friend actually).
I bought a 2017 Mac Book Air and noticed that when I turned it on, it would briefly flash a screen of rainbow colours (not like the bars on a TV shown in this video at the start, but rather like a series of small colourful dots mixed together). Stuff like this started to happen on an old Mac right before the hard drive failed so i got super freaked out and demanded that Apple replace my new Mac. Then they took this mac back and there was no replacement because they were no longer selling this model (old stock). So I searched and finally found another new one. I now have it set up and have been using it for two weeks, and voila! same problem. Any thoughts on what this might be and if it's an issue that should send me back to Apple demanding another replacement or is it not a big issue and I should just keep this computer??
I wanted to know if you have seen or heard of the White Vignet border appearing around the screen.  My I Mac 27" I have had for some time, late 2012 and when I came in today and pulled it out of sleep mode I had a very pronounced white vignet around the screen outer edges.  Any ideas what causes this?
how are you a geek? ffs
I have a problem on my MacBook Pro 2012. Can someone help me? When I go into a game, it has red / blue flickering dots (tiny pixels). It even happens when i'm watching YouTube. If you could help, that would be VERY MUCH appreciated.
What country are you from btw? Just asking 😀
I paid £300 to fix the CPU, then this problem started to appear after.... any ideas ?
I turned on my Mac computer ( which is now 7 years old) and see a ? in the middle of a file in the middle of the screen. what does this mean? how can I fix it?... Thankyou in advance.
My '18 iMac has odd little rainbow pastel colored rectangles all over any drop-down I open. WoW plays ok. They also cover other things on the screen. What should I do?   Model Identifier: iMac18,2   Processor Name: Intel Core i7   Processor Speed: 3.6 GHz   Number of Processors: 1   Total Number of Cores: 4   L2 Cache (per Core): 256 KB   L3 Cache: 8 MB
my mac is where i play.my games ( idk why mac, couldve been windows :/ ). yesterday everytime i play a game through steam or wine, the screen goes black then theres a black line in the middle and glitching, and thus another black screen, i was forced to restart it. its weird the issue only happens when i play games. any help?
Geek detour are you from Brazil?
Geek tour why you don’t do YouTube videos ?
My 7month old Mac Pro - is still under warranty. I spilled a little water on it. Now the "ON" button on the keyboard does not work. The screen seems to shake when I physically move the computer for some videos on youtube but not others (?!)..! I believe that if I take it to support, they will discover my "spill" and not cover the cost of repair under warranty..!
The flickering occurred with me too. And i had to replace the display, it costed me ₹5000. I dont know why did it started. Why the flickering occured?
What did thy tell you as to what was the issue and what was changed.
We have the same problem with our Mac how much is the cost to repair?
Do you think this defect (flickering) is intentional? Looks like a hidden program running to flicker our iMacs. Apple got caught already slowing old iPhone​ & iPad devices. They want us to buy new iMacs. 2011 models still work fine.
Where have you been? I miss you making new videos
I love your videos! Why did u stop posting ? :(
Hey do you not publish videos anymore?  : (
Hey man, when the new videos gonna come out?
I have the same problem on my Mac touch bar 15" 2016 is new one :(  . they will cover with the warranty ?
I was just using mine it completely turned grey ??????
My laptop go to updates is a windows computer and it gets 75% than freezes idk why???
what type of headphones do you use
What program do you use to edit your videos?  Also do you think that Apple should cover these defects? Great video and it was very informative. Thank you