I wonder... Can a girl add the pink area therefore adjusting towards a full scale 0'Bill cafe lounger snack, off the fridge.
Which specific wilton colors did you use? I had someone request this for their birthday and I'd like to get it as close as possible to how this looks!
i boiled down the mountain dew, but it was black and tasted awful. any help?
How to make quarantine go by faster:
Everything I try of mountain dew is Disgusting idk why! Why? Is it beacuse I hate mountain dew?
Could you make a baked version of this or will that cut the Mt. Dew flavor?
why make 2 or 3 cups of the syrup when you only use 1/4 cup
Can you use cane syrup instead
What do you do with all the extra syrup you’re left with after using only a quarter cup?
What do I do with the leftover syrup if I am only using 1/4 for flavoring?
Looks delicious and green but.. d9es it taste delicious??? Imma abbout to find out. For real imma try this recipe
Let’s play everyone’s favorite game:  How the hell did this end up in my recommend section?   Not complaining though
Would pre made gram cracker crust work as well?
Why just why?
Can you do strawberry sunkist pop  or orange fanta cheesecake??????
It the recipe transcribed somewhere? I'm interested in trying to make this but it's easier for me to follow a written recipe.
How to make battery acid cheese cake because that's essentially what mnt dew is.
Do you mean rick and morty portal’ cheesecake?
Does mountain dew from czech republic work aswell because I'm not in the usa at the moment but I really want to make this now
Would this work with  Baja Blast or Code Red?
Dairy free alternatives to the Condensed milk?
Where's the MLG Players?
What do you do with the plastic bag when you're done?
My first thoughts why and How?
I Wonder how a Dr. Pepper version would turn out.
Do you really need more sugar when mountain dew already has alot of sugar?
This is very bad. How could you?
Why something involving Mountain dew and doritos ends up becoming somehow hilarious and controversial?
Why would Jesus let this happen?
What gamers get on thanksgiving
Is this an easier way to squip the school?
Soda? Cake? Soda cake? Taste the diabetes!
Am I the only one who thinks this cheesecake looks like the food from Troll 2?
Anybody else at first go "yuk" and then..."well it might actually be good"?
Has anyone here not mentioned that the cheescake looks like one of Rick's Portals?
Wouldn't you get a more intense Mountain Dew flavor if you used more Mountain Dew instead of corn syrup?
I wonder if you can swap out the soda here? I'd really like to make an orange fanta cake.
I dunno who I'm more dissappointed in. The people who recommended you do this? You for doing it? Youtube for thinking I wanted to know it existed? Or myself, for genuinely debating making it?
Do I have to add corn syrup and sugar to an already sugary mountain dew? Can't I just boil down or evaporate quite a bit of the liquid from a large mountain dew, making it like a concentrate?
wouldnt this kill a normal person?
I made this and ran into some issues..its not very mountain dew flavored and it didn't set...any ideas where I went wrong?
Is it possible to make the syrup for the recipe by reducing a larger volume of soda and forgoing the sugar and corn syrup? That way, you'd have more flavor in the same amount of syrup.
Was there a reason you went for a no-bake recipe here?
Great video!  I’m curious, why did you choose to do a no-bake cheesecake? And what would happen if you were to bake it?
Anyone else make one of his "mountain dew" recipes and realize in making the syrup the mountain dew loses ALL of its flavor?
Is it just me or did anybody else not see him actually add the syrup? 🤔
What do you do with the rest of the syrup? If all you needed for this recipe was 1/4 cup, why make so much?
what to do with the left over syrup?   Seems like it made a lot to just use 1/2 cup?
umm why not just reduce a 2 liter of mtn due instead of adding that entire bowl of white sugar? I mean since your liquefying to make a syrup anyways it seems like you would get a more pronounced flavor that way..
How about Mountain Dew Cake that will be good cake to eat it.
going to make this for my brothers birthday this weekend i think, what do you think would be a proper amount to sub cool ranch doritos for the graham?
Why did we make so much syrup.? What do you do with all that extra syrup?
It looks very good I have always been a Mountain Dew fan.  One question what do you do with the left over syrup?  Or can you make a smaller amount?  Or how long will it keep?  Thanks for your time!!!
I am a bit confused...why do so much syrup if you only use 1/4 of it. And what do you do with the rest of it? Throw it away?
Graham cracked crust? You couldn't find any cheetos?
Cherries on top would be like a Code Red Mountain Dew, no?
what if you want a stronger mt dew flavor?
Why use a spring pan? Your not cooking it so couldn't you technically put this in any container such as a pyrex or even a regular bowl?
How to you make it over the pond?
Is this actually nice? And beyond that, how much sugar is in this?
Would you be able to bake it like other forms of cheesecake?
Would the soda stream mtn dew syrup work the same as the sryup you made?
Just finding this video...  we had a lot of “syrup” left over... is that normal?
Does it actually taste like montain dew though? Lol
I tried making this and mine didn't turn out like in the video (it was still a tad bit runny after removing the spring form pan (9 inch), and was left in the fridge overnight. What did I do wrong?
Can you just boil mountain dew because it already has sugar and syrup in it.
Where can I get a printed copy of this recipe?
can you make some homemade soft preztals please
Could you do this with any other soda? Same recipe, but change the soda?
Gotta try it!  Looks beautiful!!!!!  Is this how to make regular cheesecake just don't add the mountain dew????  Sorry....not a cook!!!!!