Wrong knife to cut all vegetables?
This aint ceviche u know that right? All u need to add is some v8 and u have shrimp cocktail
I need to take out the seeds of the cucumber??
What happens to the lembons and limes.
Do you boil the shrimp first?
Is ceviche salad ?
How do you cook the shrimp or are they precook ????
wtf, el pato sauce???? thats a sin !!
Did u cook shrimp first? Its my 1st time making it but you make it look easy☺
Sweet onion? I suggest you write down what you’re going to say
how does the ball keep the avocado green??
Did you boil the shrimp or cook it with lemon?
A simple process it seems. I make it with raw fish and use lime juice to cook it.  Was the shrimp cooked?  I could not tell from thee video. Obviously this is an old video. RKW
Is it possible to make ceviche without guacamole?
I have seen several types of ceviche recipes. What are the most basic ceviche ingredients and what proportions are recommended? How much freedom can you apply when choosing and trying ingredients?
what if u dont have some of the ingredients?? will it still be good?
Why are these mexicans making ceviche? Make your tacos and leave our south american foods alone.
Why the Mexican pronunciation? Edit your videos to make them watchable.
Great video I have a question do you cook your shrimp or boil them in water ?
This made my mouth water!! I'm making shrimp ceviche for 4th of July side dish. Did you cook/boil the shrimp before you added it?  I scrolled to see if you already answered that question but I didn't see it. Thanks!!🍅🌶
How did u cook the shrimp ?
Were those shrimp raw or cooked? I hear that it's not a traditional ceviche if you do not use raw shrimp and allow the acid from the juice of a lemon or a lime to cook the shrimp. Also, when you are cutting the tomatoes or the onions, after you've cut them in half, hold them half side up in your hand and dice them in the same manner that you diced the avocado just not as deep and go layer by layer and then shave across with one cut then start the next layer . Bigger or smaller is up to. The only other easy way to do it is to just slice round slices like the ones you would put on a sandwich and then lay the slices flat on the cutting board and cross cut them that way.
was that cooked shrimp?
how many limes you use?
yikes.. tomatoe sauce? it just ruined the recipe...
That's a good one, do you have any other recipe videos ?
how long will the left overs keep in fridge?
How did you cook your shrimp? In lime juice? Did you boil them?
do you have to leave the shrimp in a bowel with lemon over night i read that on a recipe somewhere
Prior to making the dish, do you cook the shrimp?
Prior to making the dish, do you cook the shrimp?
May I suggest adding imitation crab meat and instead of putting the avocado in the ceviche keep it on the side, therefore, it wont get mushed. I will be adding a vid of my ceviche soon.
Are the shrimps raw?
Where can I find a can of El Pato?
Is the shrimp raw?
How did u cook the shrimp
can you use crab instead of shrimp?
Can you make one for Carnitas Pibil? please?
What kind of knife is that ?!?!
Great recipe! Can't wait to try it! Question did you use the shrimp that is boiled already? From the store or did u boil it?
what does the avocado pit being in the bowl have to do with it remaining green?