Nice! But I was surprised to see the finished rug was rectangular! How...?
Clear and easy to understand, thank you. My only question is about the double stitches... how do we know where and how often to place them?
Can these be washed in washing machine?
So you didn’t need to add “stitches” to make the circle larger? This method seems very easy!
How do you keep your rug laying flat? I made a small rug & it almost turned into a hat or basket. I had to steam iron it to keep it flat but if I lift it up it goes back into a hat/basket type thing. I used cotton bedsheets for the strips.
My rug is puckering in the middle and not wanting to lay flat. I am trying to keep the outer rows looser. Any idea what I did here?
Will this work for T-shirt material also?
How do you keep beginning from unraveling?
I was wondering what material do you need to be able to make braid no sew rag rug ?
Great video!! Question if we want to make a retangle  rug what technique to we use for binding together? Edges and corners? Thank you so very much!!
Has anyone made this with t-shirt yarn? I think it would work okay but I'm wondering if the stretch in the t-shirt yarn would make the rug too loose and floppy.
Great tutorial. I plan to try this! I wonder how important it is to start under? It seems unnatural and I want to braid starting over... I'll test first as maybe that won't work. Thanks for sharing!
thank you for this tutorial!   I have only one question before i start one: How do you secure the center coil.without sewing? It looks like you have about 3 rows coiled before you start attaching/braiding in the fabric. What do you do with the center?  Thanks!
I love this style of rag rugs!! Easiest tutorial with no fuss or additional tools.  Would you be able to do a tutorial for a rectangle rug or a square? Going to cut strips tomorrow in preparation.  Thank you for sharing xxx
do you have a tutorial for making rectangular rugs?
Can this be done with 3 strands?
how much fabric did you use to get it that large?
Are you on facebook?
How do u make it come out so flat mine looks like a big sun hat for a giant
Would using 3 strands work?
Thank you for a great tutorial. I have made one rag rug using crochet method which turned out nice. I like the look of your stitches or weaving and am going to try it. Do you think I could use some cotton and some denim together? If so, Would i be best to make denim strips a little thinner than cotton strips as denim is a bit sturdier? Thanks Annette from Australia
How much time you took ? Its so big rug
I made a really cute rug using this method but it WON’T LAY FLAT!   It crunkles up into a floppy cone shape. How to make it not-floppy?
oh i really liked your tutorial but I have a question....when we start the circle right in the middle we don't hold safe the middle...and maybe it will just be destroyed???...
Thanks for the tutorial! What do you do with the loose strands at the end? Do you gradually tie them off or sew them in?
I'm trying to make this and I'm having trouble stopping it bunching..I've tried just sporadically chucking in double stitches and when that didn't work, doing one every 3rd stitch and neither worked. Do you have any tips?
I have been working on my rug for a few hours and it is becoming concaved like a basket. What am I doing wrong?
My rug is turning into a bowl! What should I do?
How long does this usually take? Say, for a 4 foot across rug?
I heard the crafter say the rags should be approx. 1" - 2" wide, but how long should the strands be?  I estimate 3'. Is this correct?
How to start the circle fro the beginning? Thanks
Do you have a video on making a rectangle rag rug?
OK. I'm trying to get this, but I must be missing something. Everything is working exactly the way you show, except that when I make the coil at the beginning, the center of the rug is not connecting to anything, so it pops out, no matter how long or short I make that first coil. Any advice?
Hi great tutorial and have started a circular rug, however as the circle grows so do my stitches or loops...how do I cure this? Have tried putting the weave twice through the same loops...this adds stitches to the circle and helps..is this the solution?
How do you start the rug out? Thanks for the video!
You did a wonderful job on your video.  It was so easy to follow and watch.  I just have one question...How would I start combining the fourth strand in if I were to do an oval shaped rug?
Awesome and well done!  Your tutorial was so clear and easy to follow.  Just one little question...Where and how would I start incorporating the fourth strand if I were to do an oval shaped rug?
Great tutorial! How long did it take you to make your rug? it's huge!
How long did it take you to make this rug?