Does anyone know the brand of portable drill press Tom uses?
Anyone tried this using PVC pipes?
How long is a shot piece of pipe?
What size drill bit do you use for 3/4” pipes?
what drill bit size are you using for 3/4" black pipe?  Outside diameter is not always listed.
Is there anything I can do if I drill the holes to large?
What size of bit do I use for the holes?
As high as you want? Can you go 67844365923411678 feet high?
Hi, I am trying to build a shelving unit using the 3/4 black pipes but I am having an issue with making a tight hole into wood. I tried 1” bit and it was too small and I tried 1 1/8 and that was too loose. What is the correct size I need? Please help, thank you.
Did you put any kind of pad under the flange to protect floor?
My ceiling is 226 feet high. Can I build the shelf that tall?
What brand was the portable drill press
What determines the maximum allowed weight for a shelf: the thickness of the wood or the number of pipes? I'm looking for something to hold excess plates and glasses.
I'm thinking of doing this with standard 2x10 construction wood (pine) to cut down the cost, anyone tried similar project with this kind of wood?
portable drill press brand name and cost?
Could you not use some 3 hole 3/4 flanges to serve as joins for the shelves? This way you are not drilling holes in the butcher block and seems like it could be more sturdy.
Hi there I’m looking to built a clothing rack but I’m still looking on what’s the best way to clean the black pipe and how to to prevent it from rust any suggestions ?
What would you recommend doing if you wanted to make a 50 inch TV stand like that
1-1/16 was the hole size for 3/4 pipe? that wold be way too sloppy.  Is that a mistake?
What is the brand and model name for your table saw?
hello all - i am trying to figure out who makes that portable drill press he is using.  has anyone figured that out?  thanks...
What’s the name of the drill device to drill the holes??
A question guys, i have a bit of 1 3/8 inch size, my pipe is 3/4 inch , do you think my pipe would fit perfctly on the wood? I want it tight , thanks.
Great video. Love the channel. Maybe a long shot, but anyone know who did the music at 55 seconds?
Leaving aside the important questions of cost and stability that others have raised, I have a question about butcher block as a shelf material.  Books are heavy. That block is dozens of little strips glued together. Is it going to come apart as it sags under the weight of the books? Doesn't sound like the best material to me.
On a scale of 1 to 10 how hard would it be to get a nice straight hole cut by hand with a drill (and maybe a vertical piece of wood to guide) vs. the portable press? Also I'm only going 3/4" deep as my boards are more shallow. Wondering if I should spend the $25 on the press (and have for possible future use although may not use again).
what is the size of the drill mill to make the hole for the pipe ?
Can anyone confirm that a 1-1/16" forstner bit fits snug around the OD of 3/4" steel pipe?
Hi, I tried to build this shelf in 1feet x 4feet long but the problem is that the shelf is not stable and it not rigid  it is moving in all direction and i think the problem is with the hole that i bored (.5mm more i guess just thinking) .  Can you help me to fix it ?
Where does one buy sheets of butcher block??
I like the use of the mini drill press. What brand/model is it?
Where can you buy butchers block or do you have to make it yourself
how much would something like this sell for?
Is it just me or is there something crooked about it? Cross threaded pipe on one side?
What would you suggest for cleaning the black iron pipe before sanding?
what pipe and fitting make used for shelves ?
How much time does it take to build it?
What size hole are you drilling for what size pipe? I thought you were using 3/4 inch pipes but you said your drillbit was 1 inch and 1/16th.
Simple and nice build. Does anyone know what those yellow triangle pieces are called ??? Those he put the shelfs on while painting them. Regards