🚧 Keep up with all my projects here: https://practical.engineering/email-list 🥑 Get some free meals from HelloFresh with code PRACTICAL14 at https://bit.ly/3xWacPO
I was in Cordova Alaska around 2010 the project was going to ramrod a 300' foot pier out in the Bay for a fish processing facility and they budgeted like 8 million dollars. Hire a pile buck crew send them up with 3 barges of piles and a excavator on a Barge to pound them in. Well a year later they had the piles in but went like 8 times deeper because they could NEVER hit bedrock and pushed the pilings like the first 70' feet in the Bay.... 😂😂😂😂. Everyone thinks Engineering is a waste of money 🤑 till it all goes wrong!!! 😂😂😂
Drains pour évacuer les eaux de pluies du côté terre
I drive by this everyday! Been watching this channel for years but have never seen this one!
how can someone design the retaining wall of 15m long and 4m high including excavation, formwork, concrete volume, reinforcement rods (in tonnages) and other
Make a video about why crib walls fail.
The collapsed wall in south Jersey - what is the current status ?   Thanks
This retaining wall collapsed because it was built in New Jersey, and everything in New Jersey crumbles into dust.
Especially cool episode Grady! I’m gonna watch your car on a cube of sand now
Water is often the main culprit behind retaining wall failures. Providing simple weep holes in every retaining wall is crucial—an inexpensive yet highly effective measure that greatly improves drainage and ensures the long-term durability of the structure.
Just me watching this while I build a 3 foot high wall in my backyard. This thing better be solid!!
Well okay so me and my dad are building a house and I'm always crunching the numbers and he does engineering well on the topic of concrete like I can buy raw materials for concrete cheaper and make a stronger wall without bricks
Hey you know what I've never understood the basic idea of retaining walls as when you calculate cost so my dad's an engineer has been for all of his life it almost seems like cost is like an afterthought in engineering
I've had this video saved in my "watch later" for 3 years. Finally getting around to it I guess.
these are RE walls Not Retaining Walls
Thanks for the lesson! How does one design a retaining block wall which is more than say 1.5 m high? These may have geotextile fabric installed at say every 3rd block.
4 years behind schedule, whoever is in charge of that should be fired and fined
6:38 Hartford CT. The wall is older then me. If you look in google maps type XL center or yard goat baseball stadium that wall is between both.
Because you hired the wrong guy?
Please tell me there’s Somone who explains residential electrical like this guy I’m struggling in my class
Slopes are not useless! As a fan of racing, I am a fan of slopes when it comes to the design of race tracks. I love the high banks of Daytona and Talladega.
My first construction project was retaining wall maintenance. We had 76 walls in nyc that needed repair
Love the videos.
Thanks, Grady. I love watching your videos🎉
Good content. Thanks for posting
25yrs ago I returned to school to learn about computers and get into CAD and other graphic type stuff that I’d hoped to explore beyond just the drafting in architecture type work I thought I’d seek out.  After attaining my (now nearly worthless) computer sciences degree I found myself working as a systems designer making commercial sound systems largely because of my previous experience in concert lighting as well as electrician work.  Following that I did a few years in cartographic work for a phone company.  I had entirely avoided civil engineering because I had the idea it would be boring.   Today, my computer skills are a back burner region I rarely bother with. AutoCad being the primary discipline I used, which at the time had horrible 3D capabilities. Briefly around 2006 i entered the SolidWorks community but other issues forced a return to blue collar work, as mostly an electrician.   In the next decade plus time, I’ve found that my broad range of interests are now finding that Civil Engineering has an incredible source of interest I’d overlooked in a very bad way. Structural engineering as well.  My years in the concert and theatre lighting included rigging knowledge I’d learned inadvertently as a kid while working (playing really) around my grandfather who had a logging company as well as some caterpillars that were used for building roads for his trucks in the mountains a of central Washington state.   Watching these videos I’m always amazed about the amazing work that goes on all around us.  My little sister was married for nearly two decades to a man who is a (I recently learned he’s probably famous in his industry) structural engineer in Seattle. Designing several of the latest buildings in recent years. I miss him (he trashed the marriage, which was a double f’up, being that his family was a long time close friend to my family, now that’s not the case.) because his work has always been a big interest to me.   I love this channel and wish I’d been more aware of such things back when I was young. ❤
That Hello Fresh product placement at the end of video has me thinking you should make sure your cookware doesn't contain PFAS coatings. Looks like you have an aluminum pan coated with teflon and using a metal whisk. Watch Dark Waters (2019 film).
Great vireo for learning. Being that they retaining walls are holding back the danger they too are extremely dangerous.  There should always warning signs were people gather.
Somebody put link of this video in 9gag comments and there I am.
7:12 those panels also reduce noise from traveling beyond the wall
Why dont we learn from legos?
vegetarian?!?!?!  boo this man!!!!!
Living in the Intermountain West, I think road building has been elevated to an art here. It seems to work out well, excepting for the recent Teton pass incident.  Maybe the angle of repose was miscalculated.😮
Like the 3 little pigs cheap , built to fail😢😢
A recent video specifically addresses the New Jersey retaining wall failure in detail and mentions this channel in passing.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYpI8T8SJsM
Thanks for this presentation I work for a Railroad contractor and my primary assignment is a bridge replacement on Route 9 in Middletown Ct and I asked questions on the procedure out the tie backs and the drilling to to determine the bed rock strength , this video cleared up a lot .
Improper backfilling...
At about 5.44 the concrete arch bridge (Brett Forte Bridge) is at the top of the range near Toowoomba Qld Australia & is part of the Toowoomba bypass If I remember correctly the bridge was built on the original ground level The ground was excavated & shaped so that the arch could be cast on the ground When the bridge was finished the road was excavated under the bridge
Water.
Any idea why the NJ retaining wall in the intro failed?
This video is FANTASTIC! SOLID GOLD!
Who know? What are different between Retaining wall and Diaphragm wall?? Orr this two wall are the same???
There are a huge amount of dry stone retaining walls in yorkshire. No idea how these stand up
So you’re telling me there’s more to engineering than engines and earrings?
This is why corrupt politicians should not be allowed to build roads. Politicians are more interested in lining their pockets than building good structures.
Thank you for an excellent video again. If there could also be links to relevant standards and formulas, that would make the videos even more fantastic.
Hey it’s my job 😀
Is humongous hammer the technical term? I hope so.
It is never a good thing to see your home town featured on "Practical Engineering"    As of 1/2024 project still no where near complete.
if you control the water your ok .. easy
I'm guessing it was a combination of pressure and gravity.
Always know Jesus Christ is lord amen God bless
Today's  graduates  on engineering. Likely  get freepasses  My  city appears  to have a flunky engineer  on office.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌
Inocuous parts of the constructed environment🔥
There is a sloped on ramp right near my house, how dare you call it a waste of space! 😢 lol
Oops it gonna be another 4 years behind
There are also kingpost walls and diaphragm walls.
I had no need for any of the information, yet I am hooked     . Thank you for your videos and channel ✌️
Organized crime!
Do you have any opinion about the collapse of the reinforced earth wall that you already showed in your video at 1:04 minutes
Engineers are lacking in the common sense most engineering is in a office far from the jobsite. Its easy to push buttons on a computer
Watching this video belatedly, I really loved it. As a retired Chartered Engineer in the UK I have long lamented our lack of communication skills with Joe Public to show how/why we are doing what we are doing. Minor technical comment: water in the soil not only adds to the loading of the retaining wall but actually reduces the inherent strength of the soil mass due to the particles "floating" and not interacting/binding with each other as well as in the dry.  Keep up the good work, Grady.
That type of design on the retaining wall was first seen in PA along I-78 I remember seeing it for the first time in the 1980s and I was impressed with the design.
Realy practical, thank you for your videos!
Great video thank you
me: speakers not working. also me: slams table and speakers works again
what about  inverted T RC walls
Presently building an MSE wall for a high use freeway overpass to offramp. Thanks for the vid! It has added depth to my daily struggle of assembling facing and setting inclusions. 👍 I'd love to see more indepth vids on MSE structures. Thank you!
There's a historical retaining wall in my region that was made from drystone, and it's obvious it's not a cosmetic facing from the wild variety of concrete patching, chickenwire nets, and what looks like amateur attempts at soil nails. Í was never comfortable walking alongside it.
I want too know whats behind 6:54 about whats between the shotcreet space and the wall we see...
Practical Engineering i need to be able to communicate with you to plead for your advice. I am quite happily driven as an independent photographer of all things construction based in Vancouver BC. Canada. Should you ever desire an up to date photograph of architecture and engineering projects here in Vancouver I volunteer to take all you desire then some as I have been routinely photographing what I have for the first 3/4 of my life actually building. Hoverer due to an accident I have been healing from a physical state of quadriplegic limitations. I now can use both my hands and legs mostly though I have some  more training left before I can put my electric wheelchair way for good. I have worked hard to collect ovr 20 years of daily photographing of Vancouver's building boom. Please leave me a reply under this my comment so I may know best how to glean ever more what drives you to share your wonderful talent and hard won training I'm sure. Please give me a chance to inquire how you got this far so far a very good YouTube YVO Thank you....
Because construction is bottom of the totem pole. The world would rather promote ignorance and laziness be a tuber make videos be a clown entertain. Then you cry when construction fails. Engineers and architects have never spent time in the field they only know what a book and computer says they have no knowledge of how things work. It's like letting doctors never get training in the field just letting them test out to be surgeons. You get what you provide and a very high bill when we come to do work at your house😊.
Bad engineering, a synonym for American engineering.
Really enjoyed this one. Thank you! I wonder about your thoughts on marine (or aquatic?) retaining walls? Caissons and all that. Widening/Extending NYC’s FDR Drive into the East River, for example. Or the Øresund Bridge?   What a fascinating world we live in‽ I respect that along your journey, you take your time to help others understand it better. Chapeaux!
Today I found out I'm a slope (i.e. waste of space).
Piles for everything!
If it was backfilled with crushed rock theare whuld be a lot less force involved
The ancient romans built retaining walls that are still standing today. They also built roads and bridges that are still standing today too. 2000 years ago. Maybe we aren’t as advanced as we think?
I MUST see Practical Engineering x 99% Invisible. So much innocuous infrastructure.
Roman retaining walls were much better. Huge sections of uncut stone.
A sign from earth that more highways won't solve the traffic issues.
Some of the best and oldest standing retaining walls are was steeper then you could achieve with modern engineering and tech. Just a few example right of the top of my head are the Mga Hagdan-Hagdang Palayan ng Kordilyera ng Pilipinas, or the terraces in the Sacred Valley of the Incas. The world is covered in earth works that have lasted thousands of years... the problem is modern tech, or maybe just lazy cheap crooks.... who knows..
I live in that general area of NJ and that has been under construction of one kind or another since I started college almost 20 years ago!
And now i know the english term for the stuff i used to do. cool.
Cause Union Workers Quality of work, is well at low at best
You have a beautiful family!🙂
I've had this problem in my garden just holding up 2 feet of earth. One possible reason why my walls have fallen down is I have a bit of a habit of stepping over them, but then I have just had a little think and recall the house I was brought up in had retaining walls on the patio. They hold up about 3 1/2 feet of earth and have stayed there perfectly for 50 years. The question is why (same habits). Well the difference is the ones that stayed put had a wavy curve to them. Think about it, as you can see it totally changes the mechanics of it with a little use of a third dimension.
SO BEHIND SCHEDULE somebody GRAFFITIED the construction site...
I've worked on overflows... and yeah. You have to basically build an underground wall and then link everything together to make sure the sloped portion stays in place. Not efficient AT ALL.
I haven't watched the video yet but I'm assuming drainage/soil was the issue.
Some years ago in germany the Autobahn 20 collapsed near Tribsees. The reason, according to an expert report by the Technical University Berlin: they used "Combined soil stabilisation with vertical Columns", which wasn't sufficient for the increased load and lowered groundwater levels. According to journalists the non-public part also describes that the geometry of the construction was different to what was planned - and the measure of horizontal movement was stopped after two of planned six years.  So not a retaining wall, but somewhat similar to the soil stabilisation.
As an engineer I  have worked with retaining walls during building and box Culvert construction,  just how important it's to include a weep holes to help drained water from soil relieving pressure on the wall.
Hydraulic pressure by the weight of concrete is enormous. Engineers should know this.
“I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment” is super wholesome.
It seems like the U$ can’t do nothing right theses days…..
nice
I excavated a retaining wall a bit over a month ago at a fire station were building. The wall is less than 5 feet away from the neighboring house that was built right on the property line. They still haven't poured the retaining wall and I can visually see the house is settling. A lawsuit will take place I'm sure. In this case the superintendent dropped the ball. If I was poured after I excavated the material it may not have settled lol but who knows
Why not just go ask the guys who were supposed to build a southern wall and wound up building a failing fence. They know all about failure.
Grady at what point can your videos be a valid citation in research papers, essays, and other scholarly documents
I remember watching that video when it first came out
Engineers. Duh
2:11 last time i said that the asians got mad at me
Fascinating!
If I do footings for a retainer  wall I underpin the ground on the bank side so the concrete flows into it .easly  done with a claw hammer as long as its  just b4 the concrete arrives b4 any rain
Why retaiining walls collapse? One word answer - gravity.
Physics is awful. And awfully confusing.
Haha, he said “load”.
They still haven’t even started fixing the failed section. The project has been going on for a decade; saying it was delayed 4 years is being very generous.
Good analysis
Get the Chinese to build it cheaper, quicker, and on time!
Just don't bulid it from Lego bricks
Construction Of retaining walls and terraces were developed both in Asia, South and Central America.  The goal there was creation of farm space though and not super highways.  Good video.  Thanks.
Wasn’t the most widely used retaining wall system use for highways developed by Bechtel Engineering for use in the Nuclear power industry?  Or was that just made up
What is the most economical way to take care of bulging of Reinforced earth wall pannels.  When the bulging has reached an angle of 60degrees from vertical. And soil nailing is not helping Anymore
Is astounds me how interesting all your subjects are I wish I had a teacher like you at school
Great Video!
I love the Hello Fresh ads! 😊
Cause engineers went to bad schools. A good engineer would have predicted the collapse, basic physics will show exactly how it failed and how the design was flawed.
Welcome to New Jersey. CAUTION, poorly designed, constructed and maintained roads next 120 miles.
and the most important question is why is it 4 years behind schedule
This is a great Chanel 👍 thanks for info😊
An excellent video. Thanks.
I'm building a retaining wall at the moment for a new overhead road bridge. This is helpful.
The most interesting fact about the video was the shearing. It makes sense, I just never thought about that.
Doubt cleared, thanks Practical Engineering 👍👌
Dude, your videos are so awesome! Your are very pleasant and clear-voiced to listen to. At 60, I’m really happy to have discover your page, as these things have always fascinated me. We even have a couple accomplished engineers in the family!
Sir, could you please tell me whether it is true, that screw piles or any steel for that matter, once it has been placed in the ground, it would never fail, because the oxygen needed for oxidation, simply is not there? I personally feel that such statement is a long stretch of the bow and can not be correct. I would be grateful if you could provide me with an answer. Regards, Franklin
Nice
You make learning so fun and interesting!
Super video as always
I drive that area in Jersey all the time. Worst designed interchange I've ever seen. It's been horrible since it was first built in the '60s.   They keep trying to fix it but everytime it's just as bad as before. This time the construction was just as bad as the original design.  It should all be torn down and rebuilt.
Maybe Humpty Dumpty put on too much weight
8:10 Please tell me you've made or plan to make a video explaining what's up with that mad drill bit. The bottom looks like it came right out of an Anime.
Really cool example
very educational video thanks
Since your close  to c.c. explain to the engineer, "you can not build on shifting Sand".
We love to see your vlogs if u can do it for us 🥺
i love your videos, i practice the listening on english and learn about my carrer.
I think there are couple reasons for retaining walls to fail at such high rate compared to other types of constructions. For one you have very conflicting priorities. Everybody wants it to be as cheap as possible (retaining wall probably the last thing you want to be overpaying on) but also wants it to look nice (straight -- the last thing you want when building a retaining wall on the cheap). Another problem is that you are dealing with highly variable element (soil) that can dramatically change properties depending on weather but also you frequently it is brought from somewhere else after the wall is designed meaning as a designer you don't exactly know what's it going to be and how well it is going to be compacted/drained. And then, let's just admit retaining walls aren't the sexiest projects out there. They are frequently part of something bigger, a side to the main dish. I would assume they are typically pushed to people with a bit less experience while the big shots are working on the center piece.
You state that SOIL IS TWICE AS HEAVY AS WATER.  This is obviously false.
Excellent video...well explained..good for advice and students... Well done
arjen robben
As a long time Cribber. Love this content.
I install soil nails as a DIYer. I rent out my equipment. Crew included. LA AREA. CALIFORNIA  The nails also have fencing on the wall facing  See YouTube video if interested . This is a greener alternative solution.   Type soil nailing zhang
Just noticed a bridge in this video from my home town. Toowoomba Australia.
I dug a hole, my dad was proud.
"slopes are a waste of space" I thought youtube banned people for saying that sort of thing
I am a retired builder in australia and I have lost count of the number of retaining walls I have built over the years. They have been constructed using hollow cement block reinforced with steel bars and concrete and built to a standard compiled by the cement block association. Depending on the height this standard specifies the width of the footing and can also have a vertical toe integrated in the footing to increase friction. The width of the block can also be varied according to the height. I have not had one failure, but I have seen many failures and the causes have usually been the lack of steel inserted in them. I would put this down to shonky builders building these walls at the end of the job when money is tight. Of course some of the walls in your presentation are way out of my league. I love watching your presentations by the way
Fyi that road in NJ is still as is. Ha. Should turn it into an engineering museum
Wake up from the coma!:) Three REAL new revolutionary inventions/technologies for sale. Three REAL working prototypes, which are always ready for a REAL demonstration.  ------------------------------------------------ 1) A REAL practically never-ending battery for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo 2) A REAL reactionless drive machine for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 3) A REAL simple electric heater of COP > 1 for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y Wake up from the coma!:)
2019, us highway 36 was under construction when a retaining wall failed and caused a huge headache for Colorado DOT. They blamed flooding and lack of proper drainage for the collapse. Fun stuff.
Retaining walls like the one on the title , collapse due to  .    The lowest bidder wins the contract , not always but more often then not.
The investigation suggests poor soil material selection among other reasons leading to failure.    My question is whether the material selection was justified by the findings at the time of the design or not?  It's pretty easy if they weren't, that's just part of engineering findings and solutions, alongside the accountability of design and construction.   If they were justified however, that sounds like a potentially harder problem suggesting soil profile changes.  The easier version of that is localized/micro-system changes.  It would still be preventable, but it might be unusual to the extent that other areas with similar design reasoning would need to considered.    The harder version is a combination of microgeological system changes and microgeological system changes.  Hearing concepts like 'the aridification of North America' more often are a bit concerning, and I presume it is not just a matter of a total system dry-out, as much as a total system change that may result in unexpected moisture content changes in areas where this was not previously observed.  In other words, moisture contents may rise in some areas where other areas fall and the reasoning and prediction of this may not be obvious.  This however is purely speculative, may not be an issue, and even if it is an issue, it may not have anything to do with this incident.  Smash that like button and ring that bell?
This guy must love the "99% Invisible" podcast
Retaining wall construction is becoming far more common as section sizes get smaller.
As a retired civil engineer, the design of retaining wall had the highest risk.   Clay soils that expand with water swell out against the wall. Nobody remembers the money you saved in construction when it fails.
My mom used to roof bolt when she worked in a coal mine
This guy should be Secretary of Transportation
👍
Thank you. This is something I have always wondered.
I’m inspecting an mse wall going up right now as part of an international bridge project. Pretty ironic your videos showed up
I am a Camden county New Jersey resident I'm wondering what the result of the investigation was
Bruh, retaining walls and concrete are fascinating. I wish I had studied civil engineering instead of aerospace engineering so I could be a retaining wall engineer. Awesome video!
Is Practical Engineering on Nebula by Curiosity Stream? I know Legal Eagle is on Nebula.
Omg !!!! I hate driving into this junction.....295 connecting to 42 and 676....the drivers, the loopy roads....its a mess.....we all hate it
Very knowledgable 👍
Great presentation!
Soprano short cuts ✂️. ✂️
My first guess is that that metal straps that are weighted down by the sand weren't properly installed/affixed to sidewall.... maybe?
You have to tie it in behind the wall burried  or commercial on highways in concrete. Retaining walls in NJ is mostly used to prevent the noise from cars traveling down the parkway from annoying neighborhood.
I didn't know that
There’s a retaining wall here in Seattle that looks pretty sketchy to me. I started looking at the structural integrity of buildings as I grew older and helped build a few things
Always great. Thx
Dead men!
Are you always an apologist for when something goes wrong in construction?
I love these kind of videos on subjects like this
why not just leave it as is and build a new one over it?
Someone tell detroit pls
It would interesting for you to analyze some of the infrastructure that China is building all over the world.  Long tunnels under the ocean, bridges across 80 degree faces, maaasssive dams and high speed rail piles allowing dead level construction,  train design that allows two trains at 200 mph to pass at a relative speed of 400 mph……….  If you want to compete with them you gotta understand what they are doing.
You even have a picture of a bridge from Australia in the video 👍
no
I knew this thumbnail looked familiar. It's 5 minutes away from my house!
Beautiful family. God bless you !
As a former Caterpillar equipment salesman I've never stopped looking at 'innocuous parts of infrastructure'. And it's why I subscribed to your channel after the first episode I saw! (Way back when you were building acrylic flow  demonstrators in your garage!)
You would think at $2 million per mile it could be done right....but then again...it is NJ
It’s simple they’re trying to put in blocks to hold up earth, when they should be pouring a concrete and reinforced rebar wall with a footing
Stabilised earth seems like the civil engineering version of composite materials
Are lagging panels different from a retaining wall?
last month in Los Angeles at LAX airport, OMG the number of suspended ramps that pulled away from all supports. have you talked about them yet?
Report is in for the 295 wall collapse.
Great video! I learn a lot from all of them.  I am not a engineer but have constructed several stone and stackable block retaining walls over the years. I don't know what the standards are and did not bother with permitting them. I receive between 60 and 70 inches of rainfall every year and the walls are about 4 feet high at the highest point.  They are still standing plumb after 30 years because, as I don't know the standards or codes, I overbuilt them to compensate for my ignorance.  Two feet of compacted gravel below and three behind them  over ground cloth and with drain pipe, plus being very anal about being plumb and level. Someday the earth will push them over but it won't be my concern. Thanks Grady!
Your amazing
The mechanically stabilized earth video is a classic and one of my favorites
This video is SO good that we use it as an introduction to our new engineers at our wall design company
I drive by this construction site couple of times a week. The budget for this interchange until couple of years ago 900mil. Now it’s probably 1bln
Because of poor engineering/construction and/or shoddy materials
Great video. You filled in some of the - holes- I had about retaining walls. :)      On an off topic note. I don't do commercials. However, A quick insight into your family cooking was quite enjoyable. Nice to see a brief glimpse of family fun time.
Drive past this pretty much everyday, typical NJ error 🤷🏽‍♂️
Saw them put pile walls in our River so they could stand in the river with pumps while putting a new bridge up
I remember your video about earth layering I think it's the first of your videos I have seen but I'm not subscribed.  But you still have good content even tho it can get  a bit too monotonous for my adhd.
Thanks!
Gosh darn, I love your videos!
I just got back from Machu Picchu in Peru. Those guys had some serious engineering skills. No school or permits pulled and after thousands of earthquakes many of the rocks  are still so locked in place you couldn't slip a piece of paper between them. Their terracing and water systems are also amazing. Too bad those damned Spaniards went and messed it all up for the local engineers!
About a year ago, a portion of the retaining wall of a flyover in my city collapsed killing a pedestrian.
2:10 bruh this is what got Jeremy Clarkson in trouble
Way to go hello fresh :'D  Deliver more plastic than food.
Tell me how the pyramids were built using a ramp again lol!!!!
They collapse cuz they wasn't put up right in the first place 😁 problem solved 😁
Because the engineers and contractors or IDIOTS!!!!
👍🏻
Glad I am not the only person who notices retaining walls.  This video makes me feel...  almost... normal.    Have a great day!
Every machine 🚧🚦they use so  big and loud with shaking 🏚the ground vibrating anything trees 🌳 🌲🌲comes great 👍 dust amazing experience 🙏👏👏👏🥺
I like my women like I like my retaining walls. Able to take a load. 🤪
No way! I see this every single time I go on the highway! I am so happy because now I can see what happened and why
Dad?
Aye I live right around the corner from that Jersey collapse. Lol Philly is like 5 to 10mins from there too
“A Retaining Wall in the wild” 😂🤣. Bravo Grady!!!
Do you wanna know why?   Because idiots got on high positions, thinking that they are qualified for that job.
Its fkin jersey...who cares?
The us  must invest in bio concrete to fix its infrastructure problem.
A very interested fact about what is mentioned at 3:13  As said on the video, the retaining wall has to hold not only the soil, but anything over it or *drumroll* added to it. A parking lot with a garden over it collapsed on a rainy morning because, you guess it, the calculations did not take into consideration that wet soil is way heavier than dry soil. The pillars of the collapsed area held loads of over 34kN/m² that day. If interested, I can provide links to the news and even the forensics pdf.
Another well executed, articulate, and informative video.  Grady, you are amazing!   Youtube suggested your videos, maybe because my old Gordon Setter is named Grady, I'm not sure.  And I love the Hello Fresh meals; my wife orders them and I make them.  The Hello Fresh meals are great to make with my grandkids, learning how to read and make a tasty meal at the same time.  Thank you for your wonderfully informative and entertaining videos.  Ted
Nice presentation.  Delivery pace is a bit fast.  What's the rush?  Your audience needs time to process the ideas and information   But overall really valuable information well organized and clearly explained!  Thumbs up.
Do you live in Houston?
Actually, it's far simpler than that. The answer is time. All things it devours. Birds, grass, trees, flowers.
It’s still the same as shown in this pictures in May 1st 2022
Thankyou sir. I loved your videos.
"Weebles wobble, but they don't fall down"...
EZPZ the pricks used sand to back fill what was a swamp instead of securing it. There is a reason that excavator can't be on the ground without the planks underneath them. It's all a mushy swamp! They should have used crushed concrete to secure the footing and then filled it in with a layered mix of dirt and crushed concrete. Long story short they didn't do a good job.
They collapse because they don't retain. Maybe they should make them out of dental retainers.
Geotechnical engineer here, this is a great video. If you were to do another video and go more into detail I would mention the differences and effects of active vs passive earth pressure as when designing these types of walls or SOE systems active earth pressure assumes movement which can be an issue depending on construction location (urban environment). And cohesive soil design for these types of walls differs quite alot as clays have cohesive strengths allowing for different design assumptions. Mentioning common types of failures would also be an interesting video idea (ie washouts, tension cracks, overturning, sliding, etc)
Maybe incorporate trees back into sections of the build?
Surprised you didn't discuss cantilevered pole retaining walls! Timber poles are the bread and butter for residential projects here in New Zealand.  They are basically just bored or driven poles with some element spanning between them. Can be timber, concrete or steel piles, usually with timber or concrete backboards.  In your example of slope stability failure, you can't just design a larger cantilever wall to mitigate slope failure. So you have to look at other options. Cantilevered poles are one way to take the retaining wall foundations beneath the failure arc.
10:19 a telekom phone booth
Because a C- engineer was hired.
Not surprised but anyone else extremely angered by the 4 years behind schedule
A year after 9/11, the anchors of the WTC were laid bare in the giant cleaned out pit.
i drive that 295 disaster every day.   its frustrating to see no correction yet, as lawyers get richer.
We have an expanded clay, brick wall. Some layers adding reinforced concrete, and some perpendicular walls behind to tie it to the bedrock. The fillig up with stones behind the wall to a decired level.
Always a treat to watch your videos Grady. Thanks!
2:10 "Don't tell them I said this, but slopes are kind of a waste of space" Let's hope none of em watch this then, cuz then it wouldn't matter if we told them or not!
Part of a tall apartment building broke from the main structure and fell down the adjacent hill near Birmingham, Alabama, USA.  In my humble opinion, any fool would have known why.  A gasoline service station was built between the apartment building and the highway.  The owner of the proper excavated too close to the hill on which the apartment building was built and put in a very tall (an inefficient) retaining wall to hold back the soil.  The wall was vertical (no slope at all) and most like not built with guidance from an engineer.  Upon completion, the gas station had ample parking space but this left the apartment building dangerously close to the edge of what had formerly been an adequate, but steep, hill.  Every time we drove past that gas station we'd see the apartment building that overlooked the wall and say, "That building is gonna fall one day."  Sure enough, it did!
Bcoz it was made in america, duh.
Beautiful explanation my brother. Thank you for this video. Love it all
Always good stuff! Thx
No matter if its the credit card companies or construction they always find a way to get you with those surcharges.
That was so much more interesting than I thought that it would be.
Land moves for God sake
Have you ever heard of Corruption??😂🤣
Good video
2:40 Slovakia - Nitra :)
Grady does it again! Love your videos. All the best!
"Why Retaining Walls Fall" ... because Mexico never paid the contractors???
Very informative video I enjoyed it very much. When I first heard the intro to this video I was visualizing someone entirely different than the way you look sir.  Kudos to you for explaining it so even a dummy you like me can understand
Too much water in the concrete mix made it weak.
I drive by the collapsed retaining wall in NJ you featured at the beginning of the video. They put some materials on it to stabilize it but to this day they haven’t started to rebuild it. Every time I drive by i think the same thing and that it was fortunate that it failed when it did and not after the road was opened to traffic.
I live in a very old Italian city, it is very common to find an older version of these walls along the streets of the historic center. I wonder how they work, looking closely they have large cracks that act as drains, the base of the wall is often made of a solid block of stone that has always been present on the site, while the rest of the wall seems to be made of simple stones and bricks . They are not reinforced by concrete or metal, I have always wondered how they work.
I live a few miles from this project.  A very busy and populated area.  This project has been going on for almost 10 years in the construction phase. There have been a lot of issues with people, property etc.  It would not surprise me if there was some change in a phase that wasn't fully design out. It also could be a misunderstanding of the topographical area.  There is a marsh in this area and they have built around and through it over many years.  As a retired engineer I can imagine how complicated this project is.  I'm just thankful no one was hurt.
I see Gabion Walls on lots of projects. They look nice, less obtrusive than other retaining methods. I was always concerned about how long they last, and how they are repaired or replaced.
No specific information as to WHY the retaining wall in New Jersey failed. Bummer - I had to Google... Blame lots of rain.
Could you do a video about the slurry wall built for the twin towers?
I live near the retaining wall that fell.  That area has been under construction my entire life and I am 43
You never explained why the Direct Connection collapsed!!
Why retaining walls collapse? Answer:- because they're not built properly!!
I love your videos but your statement about slopes is not only wrong but absolutely destructive to downstream gravity sewer systems.
Thank you for uploading this informative video. It does not address the aging/deterioration of concrete over time, and subsurface flow in the soil the wall is supposed to retain.
If the Romans knew how to build walls and roads over 2000 years ago then any clown employed in such fields who fails is a Creds Fraud!!
This is over 1 year after the I-295 retaining wall collapse and I can't find a single thing naming the engineering company involved. Nothing on the Geotechnical engineers, planners, MSE wall contractor, or civil company involved.   Why is there no public accountability to this massive failure? This is third world corruption type stuff.
hellofresh hi hi
Good video, I am an SE also, and enjoy these.   Now explain how the many terraces of Machu Picchu were built, and how they survived for centuries with no maintenance, on a steep mountain slope.
Great explanation
Simple. Poor construction
Retaining walls collapse because they need a retaining wall to keep them from collapsing
Jeremy Clarkson is a Big Fân ôf Slópês
hence the reason why large construction companies keep lawyers "on retainer"...
I'm not an engineer ... but it seems that the walls can't retain what they are supposed to.
I'm quite the opposite, I have a big fat retaining wall in my brain, it's been 13 years now trying to break it down.
Why are construction projects ALWAYS  late? I have worked as a commissioning engineer  and an engineer designing of warehouse layouts. Once construction begins it never gets finished on time.
Video starts at 9:24
The thumbnail picture looks like either an Unstabilized sub grade lacking both compaction and density testing.  Or what seems more likely, a water main issue under that section of road that failed causing a washout.  It is fairly obvious that the back fill material used was high in sand content.  No matter what kind of matting was used to build up the layers of sand in the retaining wall the sand would enviably follow the flow of water causing the cavitation under the roadway.  A natural spring under ground comes to mind also,but much less likely.
I have watched you first video several times.  As a construction worker I am always fascinated by the ‘why’ of what we do.  And sometime surprised by the ignorance of these principles of construction by my employers.
wait so you're telling me all those decorative concrete things have dirt inside them? I thought it was pure block of concrete supporting those fly overs
I knew a guy who's friend would brag about working on that every day.  He stopped bragging after the retaining wall collapsed.
"Don't get in the way, just throw the cheese from over there."  That was my favorite line.  Great video.  Keep it up!
Need more than 20+-30ft high retaining wall then u need another flat 1st then start new wall at walk/setback a min of 5ft.
If need still more for higher wall a 12" U block every 5-6 coarse high fill w/rebar & concrete. Need 20+ or 30ft retaining wall high, just double the wall back to back w/4"cap u fill w/concrete.
Every 5th or 6th block rebar drive into ground or tie wire into foundation footer bar then fill that block all way up every 6th block w/concrete.
1588: blocks to big not enough coarse wire or joints. They should alternate the blocks even if 12" 1 facing in long ways wide ways back & forth just need blocks to be perfect rectangle so 1/2 *2 long or 1 long balanced side loading. If retaining side has a catch edge hang over on in side of wall & smooth look on out side of wall for looks. To hang over & edge catch means resists sliding.
Excellent video.As professor of civil engineering from lndia iam much impressed with the content u explained with practical approach. Good job u done.Thank u
Vibrations
CCP.....HAARP
Living near this New Jersey project, I can tell you the Great Wall of China was completed in less time than this is taking 🤣
NJ is the most corrupt state when it comes to highway construction, one contractor Sanzari gets all the contracts in And around Bergen County, smells like kickback to the local government
I saw this in person. The aftermath driving by it at least. Unreal man
One place that uses a lot of retaining walls despite having lots of open space is West Virginia. If they didn't use retaining walls, there would be hardly any flat land other than the river valleys.
Made by trump
25% incline was also the angle at which large blocks of Limestone seem to have been taken out of a mine in Ancient Egypt, according to a video on CuriosityStream called "Pyramid Builders" they used posts to pull the block up as well as push them. And they could have gotten much higher on the Pyramids by inserting posts as they built ramps, and then only near the top needed a wraparound ramp. It is interesting to see that they find documents about delivering supplies to the pyramids, discover the workers village, as well as found places that still had the holes for the posts that were used in raising these giant blocks. Of course, none of that would have happened, without the UFO crash in ancient times, and the new alien slave labor they had at the time. ;)
How hard i it to make a flat bread , really. You should not need to purchase such things.
Four years behind schedule? How typical!!!! Who would have thought???
I was in FL and I think it was 7 floor building was being built....The floors gave out and it fell to the ground because the concrete guys use the wrong size chairs under the rebar. So the rebar was 2 inches low in the concrete... a few people died because some people think they know shit they don't know,
This wouldn't have happened if Trump built it 😂😂😂
what a jerk
I drive by this piece of shit construction every single day
Dudes a mechanical engineer but needs hello fresh to figure out how to make a meal. c'mon man. I love your content though, Besides the sponsorship. You should have a better partner by now but what do I know
Could you make a video related to this topic, but about the landslide prevention and restoration structures they build along the roads in the mountains? There was heavy rainstorms and months later I drive through mountains there and there was construction area fixing places where the road washed out
Premium. 💙 T.E.N.
Great, informative video about something many of us take for granted. Thank you.
Probably because they are made from chinesium
I wanted to be a construction engineer when I was a kid, until I started middle school and began struggling with Math...
It was one of Trumps contractors that build the retaining wall. Trump 20 mile wall, half if it collapsed when high winds hit. Collapse has Trump's name all over it.
Thank you for such a good video!
You eat vegetarian, what do you mean dishes you never think about? That all looks like normal food,  unless you mean the  Sautéed cucumber
Im near that wall in jersey I swear theyve been building that stretch of 42/295 for 10+ yeara
That project has been plagued since it started 😅
Who doesn't pay attention to that shit
"don't tell them I said this, but slopes are kind of a waste of space."  You're proud of that one, I can tell.
"When you see a retaining wall in the wild." Go Pikachu! Lightening strike that wild retaining wall!
could they have used geofoam?
Because they stop retaining
I love this video it's like an entire life civil engineering lessons in a video so informative and practical. Respect man👍♥️
MSE walls  are often installed wrong.  The "expert" who works for reinforced earth co is
You're a likeable guy & make good content. Thank you.
The type of minerals in the soil have a great deal to do with the load. 1 cubic yard of iron rich aggregate will weigh significantly more than 1 yd of sand stone. Even if it's quartz aggregate, microcrystaline quartz will weigh more than macrocrystaline quartz, because of micro being so much more densely packed. The aggregate in my area is rich in agates containing: hematite, limonite and other iron oxides and usually found in the presence of manganese and black sand. So it would need much more support than a wall the same size that's only holding back topsoil or fill dirt.
This was in NJ and you want to know why it failed? Somebody's brother-in-law "won" the concrete bid. He supplied old, watered down, sub-par concrete but was paid as if it was the proper concrete. Every person along the way received a little incentive to pass inspections.
"Innocuous parts of the constructed environment" sounds like the title of an obscure French experimental film from the 1930s
parkour !
I didn't learn as much about that freeway collapse as I thought I thought I would. Interesting about the counter leaver edge placed under the soil.
Oh man this video bring up so many bad memories,  I witnessed way too much F up practice in construction, even participated in some of it.
Ugh, again, such BRILLIANT content!!! 🇱🇨❤️
This is what I love about this channel and your teaching style, I always walk away with a deeper understanding and appreciation for the civil infrastructure we all find ourselves in. Keep up the great work!
New Jersey, New York, and Massachusets are festering hell holes of fraud and waste, no one should be surprised when they build huge bloated projects that come in three, four, even more times expensive than the original estimate.
I have lived my whole 22 years in new jersey. For as long as I can remember, there has been roadwork in that area. It has become a running joke.
You know, I've always loved this channel, I never thought you would get political, but most of my closest friends and all of my family are slopes and I've never been so offended in my life.
Do you think I could get a job at space x based off of my subscriptions?
I drive to and from Seattle daily, and have gotten a great view of the ongoing construction of the light rail line extension up towards Lynnwood. I always wondered what those weird things poking out of the dirt were, and why they were putting them in before putting up giant molding walls to pour the final concrete retaining wall into... now I know 👀 Also funny enough, that wavy pattern in said retaining wall (which I assume is sound dampening), is actually part of the mold itself, they aren't block panels being made offsite and put in place like I always assumed. Go figure.
where indonesia sub?
Retaining walls collapse because we didn't give Eren his damn freedom.
The front fell off
I started watching your channel because of interest on a specific topic. I kept on watching this channel because of the quality of your work. Keep up the interesting, well-presented videos!
"Slopes are kind of a waste of space"
I always had the question how to the Roads have perfectly vertical edge 👀 .. Nice video my Curiosity got an answer
I'm gonna have dreams about that finger snapping music.
It happened in New Jersey and they are wondering why it was behind schedule, over budget and it had a massive failure of a retaining wall? NEW JERSEY? There is 90% of the problem! In Phoenix, Arizona, "The Big Stack" for the interchange at I-10 and I-17 finished over 1 year & 4 months ahead of schedule, under budget and it has NOT had any issues. I think Tanner did that job. Kiewit bought Tanner. I doubt I need to tell a civil engineer who Kiewit is.
i live 5 minutes from this part of 295….i’d like to report that the collapse has gotten worse and now the project’s estimated completion date is late 2028 lol
I was in Mexico recently and I saw some extremely steep slopes. I can't believe they haven't collapsed onto the road.
This host's name is Grady. What's that statistic about dentists named Dennis?
I really like your in-depth technical videos on civil engineering. Puts a lot of things in perspective. One part I have never undersood about public civil engineering projects is - Why do nearly all of these projects behind schedule? Even the project talked about in this video was 4 years behind. Any ideas/videos on this?
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment." --- MERCH ALERT !!!   Put that on a t-shirt.
I have build several of these types of walls in Canada for Kiewit, I can say some of them will fail eventually due to the employees (foreman’s) trying to go quick and cut corners, go for thicker lifts without proper compaction...
How much for the crane on your table? I love it! LOL!
Reasons for failure: under engineering and sloppy construction to save money.
Hi Grady.  Great episode.  I live in the area you featured in the opening and commute up NJSR 295 almost every day.  If you look carefully at the aerial images you will see large expanses of open space in the background.  that is a cemetery - a huge source of infiltration for stormwater.  What you cant see in the images is  the fact that this area is part of a long belt of clay deposits that run from southwest to north east NJ, roughly along the NJ Turnpike.  These clays are what's known as 'acid producing' as they are buried, sufidic marine clays.  When exposed to air and water, the sulfides react and produce sulfuric acid.  It is not treatable with any amount of lime and must be kept unexposed during construction and reburied.  The acid is strong - ph around 2 and can attack any metal or concrete and will kill almost any vegetation it comes in contact with.   The other part of this scenario is the fact that the clays are highly impermeable.  They used to be mined and used as a liner and cap material for landfills.  The clays are set in layers of alternating sand and clay.  During initial stages of removing vegetation from all the slopes along 295, the slopes were left barren for a long time.  The slope cuts caused the clay layers to daylight  in this area.  And many many times, large seeps were visible in different places along the slope.  In winter you could easily see them because they froze.  I think the combination of the acid clay as well as the seeps with the enormous open source of rainwater infiltration probably undermined the wall.  The basic wall design was a vertical layer cake of the panels on the sides connected to each other on opposite sides of the road with a geogrid which when loaded, would act to pull the panels inward or at least hold them tightly.  there are many layers of this as the wall goes up.  There is not much else behind those panels but earth and geogrids acting in tension with the applied earthen load.  Anyhow the clay and those seeps are major factors in the construction out there.  it will be very interesting to see what the final forensic report comes out with.  Hope you do a follow up when that is released!  keep up the great work.
Exelente! Saludos desde Peru
must have been Union job, someone pocketed the money and everyone else stood around and watched it built wrong
What is that piece of art behind you? I really like it and I've tried to find it online but I'm not having any luck. Little off topic I know 😊
I live about 15 minutes from this retaining wall in salem county, and work for a competitor company to the one who built this.Many sources claim the company cut corners to save money by using a less suitable base soil which led us to this outcome.
We purchase Hello Fresh often, but they do use the same ingredients and herbs too often and not enough variety!
LOL - the cause of any structureal collapse in New Jersey is always from organized crime influence! Think Tony!
Shame that the advert at the end spoilt the whole piece
I have to drive past that highway project in New Jersey 2 times a day; on the way to and from work.  The collapse is a disappointing setback because the project is supposed to fix a major bottle neck area of major roads on the NJ side of the Delaware river just outside of Philadelphia.  Thanks for the video!
Are curbs retaining walls?
Why do we tolerate Grafitti on new walls and locations.....something brought on by using light coloured, (though not exclusively) materials, and by allowing reasy access to these locations.  We should be planting gorse, thistle and nettles.....or even installing wire to prevent the grafitti lunatics getting anywhere near..........and we should be removing grafitti as soon as possible from locations whenever and wherever it occurs.  Tolerating ugliness only leads to more ugliness............. We only have to look at modern architecture to understand this....  James Hennighan Yorkshire, England
I design retaining walls on at least a weekly basis, and this video was still a delight and extremely insightful. Good job.
No doubt because I watched the foundations video just before this one, it occurs to me that the exterior walls of a basement are also retaining walls.  Very important ones as well, since we tend to put a lot of the mechanisms of a house in the basement.  (Most people don't particularly like spending time below ground level, so we put the HVAC plant, water systems, laundry facilities, storage facilities of all kinds, and electrical distribution panels in the basement if there is one, and save more desirable above-grade floor space for things we spend a lot of time with, like kitchens, living rooms, and bedrooms.)
The only one that gets hurt in that situation is the contractor
I remember the "car on a block of sand" video... it was amazing!!
Four YEARS behind schedule?  Seriously?  Bullshit, no-bid contracts given to family friends of politicians and no doubt! that nobody will be held accountable....
i very like your work! thank you very much!
As of January 2022 the New Jersey issue has not been fixed and looks as though this project is not moving on.
Lol those Texas retaining walls.
Why have the built the big bricks up that way with no overlap like traditional brick laying - wouldn't this have been stronger?
I thought it was the wall between USA and mexico.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sm9SywJ4RY . What do you think?
I work for a high end pool builder one of our pools was cracking and the home builder was blaming  us. I'm just the repair guy they like to send me out to look at issues before we figure out how to takle them. thanks to your videos I was quickly able to spot out that the 12  foot tall retaining wall was failing and wasn't constructed to withstand the load. we quickly called our engineers to to clear us and to come up with a plan to keep a half million dollar pool from falling 30 ft into the river below.
Shady construction made in USA
A couple of questions: Are these failures more common among Eisenhower Interstate System highways than they were among Federal Highway Improvement Act of 1916/1921 highways? The old roads tended to ride with the hills, rather than cut through them. Was that a better system, even though it was predicated upon the unavailability of heavy machinery?
youtube harassing me with this recommendation for days while I've already watched it, wth...
I loved the advertisement for hello fresh.
Thanks for the personal touch in your videos, Grady. Makes it all the more fun to watch, especially this time of year. Wait- How do I know your name is Grady!? Im not even subscribed!? AND IM ABOUT TO MISS A FREE TRIAL OF HELLO FRESH?!? Best wishes!
This channel ticks my autistic brain like no other. At this moment there are two new TV show seasons that I've been waiting for for months but this channel is way too addicting so I keep watching engineering videos. Thank you for making Youtube a better place. You'll get this 🥇 2021 award for the best newly discovered channel.
An underground parking in my home town in Belgium was made with pile walls. They first drilled the retaining pile walls, then made the concrete top, and only then started to excavate the parking.   You can still see the ceiling of the parking is rather rough, and the walls also aren't covered and just show the concrete piles.  It had a big advantage for our town, as that area was still usable during most of the construction works. I believe they even did the top in two parts, to allow the bus lines to keep using the square. And it greatly reduced dust in the environment, so less complaints from inhabitants.
I live in Bellmawr! I heard about this!
The I295/Rt42 collapse did not have the drainage finished before the wall went up. It is believed to be part of the cause for the collapse, with some other questionable engineering issues as well. I’m curious what the final outcome will be for the collapse report. I travel through this interchange multiple times a week.
@2:00 The slope of the Giza Pyramid is 42° . Had it been raining there in Egypt during the last 4600 years I would assume, the slopes would have reached the stable 25° slope. Thank you for your great videos !
Which among these is the most cost-effective?
😒2:11
Man, running through the older sections of New York City, particularly in the Bronx and Brooklyn, there are these retaining walls on highways that are made of red brick. The bricks near the bottom of the walls are all dissolving, with the concrete mortar sticking out, showing how long the bricks should be.  After watching this video, I'm gonna be paranoid when driving past those places. Things are like 150 years old and are gonna collapse at any minute.
Corruption & Fraud.
I like the old world method of construction.  So heavy that it could never possibly fail!
Hold the phone….isn’t ALL ENGINEERING PRACTICAL?!?
Too bad such little info on what happened in New Jersey.
Don't tell the soil engies I said this but... Dirt sucks!
I think I like Food !!,       but I also LIKE your content. 😃😃Thanks
Slopes disliked your take in this video grrrr
I'm not getting soil nailing :/ no fault on your explanation, I get you're operating with time constraints, but if anyone could provide something that explains their function and how they achieve it, I'd appreciate it.
Полезное видео. Про некоторые варианты решений я даже не догадывался
1:24  Is it just me or is this semi moving way too fast
11:31 make the cats climb up the tree for food? Genius.
Ok, i love you channel and i live about 2 minutes from the 42/295 disaster. When it happened i was wondering if you were going to cover it. I know they are still investigating what went wrong, but do you have any inside information.   It looks line they have not done anything in that area since the collapse.
Earthquakes can be a challenge as well. We live in Alaska. Hwy approaches suffered during the last large quake here. We have some pretty unstable soils that turn to gel when shaken with enough force. Thanks for the great video. I love learning the physics of why things work or don't work. Merry Christmas to you and your family. Thank God for Jesus!
My first time in Japan, I was astonded at some of the retaining walls.
Unfortunately engineering is not my thing. Fortunately you made this video interesting & not too complicated 👍
Funnily ebough, I _have_ notice them before. I honestly thought the concrete was decorative. Thank you for covering this!
Should have had trump build it .
Great video.
When i hear 4 yes behind schedule...I  think that where they're laundering the money lol
That collapse on the 42 interchange is still not touched. After they knocked down what they did they left it.
Ummm Camden New Jersey  Sopranos labour, design and materials
I recon someone's getting fired for that one, usually just blame the digger driver lol 😆
My background is mechanical engineering, but work on civil projects including among other things MSE, precast T Walls, temporary shoring,..... 3:55 is a great way to model the soils. I imagine granular backfills could be modeled with from poligonal to triangluar pegs.
For doing wheelies
I miss doing structural concrete now..
SO what happens when earthquake? I remember we had several failures here in AK from the 2018 quake.
at least it happened while they were working on it.  Normally they get these projects done and then shit goes bad.
Hi Grady! Years ago my brothers and I built retaining walls, and we used hooks with horizontal rods that ran the width of the table and were hooked onto a wall in the opposite direction! We have never had a wall fail yet!!!
There are 3 types of retaining wall: 1) Walls that have collapsed; 2) Walls that are collapsing; 3) Walls that haven't yet but will collapse in the future. Good day :-)
1:24 looks very Swedish :)
I did not see in the vvideo or in the comments any mention of the most common type of retaining wall, home basement walls. These are usually of block construction, 8" wide with a 2X6 plate on top flush with the outside surface of the block. Unfortunately, on theweight bearing sides of the house (where the floor joists rest) this adds the weight load of the house asymetrically to the outside of the wall leaving the inside of the block wall free of any imposed load. Basement walls will then separate along the horizontal morter joints as the soil burden presses in. I have closed those cracks back up by driving wooden wedges under the floor joists bringing part of the load down onto the inside of the block wall. Both the building contractor and the building inspector specifically approved the 2X6 plate on the 8" wide block construction.
Thanks!
If we see that is Bangladesh then i believe beacouse this country is fill of Corruption 😂😂
I made that same Hello Fresh for my wife last week 😌
Any of my retaining walls were over built . That’s a contractors worst nightmare
It's been quite a few years since I took and passed my Architecture Licensing exam in California. Thank you Mario Salvadori for your structural lessons. I seem to recall several questions about retaining walls on the General Structures portion of the exam but not on the Seismic portion. Maybe you can speak to that on another occasion if you haven't already.   On another note I am considering signing up for the HelloFresh service as I am quickly approaching the need for a retaining wall around my waist since retiring a few years ago. The horizontal thrust of the vertical food deposits are beginning to take their toll from the added load.
Built soil nail retaining walls for 12 years all over the southeast the earth will do what it wants gotta know what you doing it will stay forever.
Yet another brilliant video Brady and team!! Thanks! Proud to be a sponsor of such great content!
Hosted, written, and produced by civil engineer Grady Hillhouse, Practical Engineering is the world’s largest, most subscribed-to, most respected and best video channel for civil engineering, architectural engineering and construction with no compromises or restraints. Once again you have given us the video that becomes the curriculum. BRAVA, endless BRAVA!!
"Slopes are kind of a waste of space.", if you know what I mean... jk
I bet it was gravity that caused the collapse...
Nice video and informative, but i was expecting to give more details about the incident in the thumbnail ..
Great video. We tried Hello Fresh and it started off great,  but unfortunately we kept getting meals delivered where the food was already spoiled.
i’m actually drive past this on my way to work every day    a historical site was torn down in the middle of the night with out the say so of the  new jersey archeological society, illegally and all artifacts were looted.  The house predated the United States.  All to make way for this.     I really miss seeing that old brick house on my way to work
thanks thats so amazing
Just another day in the usa
I live in that part of Jersey
I have a small retaining wall in the garden and it gives me the fear
Yep with our recent troubles in British Columbia, I will now wonder about the lack of engineering in these roadside barriers!?🥺
I really appreciate if you made the video for erosion and sediment control in construction site
2022 .  Happy , Happy New Year  ,to you Professor and All your family. amen 🎩 🍉
How can you tel if someone is a vegetarian? Just wait, they will tell you?
So informative! Thanks.
Great Channel..glad i found it.
Is there any resource showing how to simulate forces acting on a residential construction like you show with your transparent box filled with sticks? For example wind acting on a roof structure, live load acting on a floor, etc.
Hi, Can you please give us your analysis on why a home plumbing system where no external water source is connected, tank on top of the house which is filled by submersible pump, works perfectly but fails to deliver good enough pressure on water heater lines, sometimes getting kinda air locked, heater inlet and outlet are almost always smaller than plumbing but what other causes there might be, how to avoid or get rid of existing issues
As the daughter of an engineer I do understand trying to make others see what you designed and how to build. As a citizen  I've watched every main project built with concrete in this town go to the same keywit that refuses to let us watch them build it and also every structure they made has failures.
I pass this area of 42 and 295 daily
What's a good way to make a retaining wall for my yard?  It's like 2-3 inches higher than the sidewalk
2 reasons only: faulty design that did not properly address the conditions proven and expectable and number two, bad construction materials, practices and/or workmanship.
8:43 "humongous" hmm I heard something else 😳
Why does anything collapse?  Gravity
Here in ft.worth, about 15yrs or so a retaining wall some 30'+H/100'+L just gave out,hit a car that was passing by(vickery rd).Took like a year or so to fix.First time i saw those sool nails used. Didn't know what they were called til this video, thx.👍🏻👍🏻
This video made me nervous
Merry Christmas P.E. You are inspiring.
moi je regarde pas la télé et vous?
Yeah let's  put all this weight on an old swamp see how it works out brilliant!!!  I'm 15 minutes away.
Would a slurry wall not be considered as retaining wall
Damn.  Between this New Jersey collapse and the bridge beam failure in Tennessee, that's two places I've driven a heavy truck on that are now featured in a Grady vid.  Also reminds me of that concrete panel that detached in Boston and killed that poor lady.  Spooky.  Stay safe out there people.
When you're in New Orleans they blow up the retaining walls to flood out the lower class and middle class people while the 1% in the corporations are saved. This is the epitome of fascism in America
Always informative. Keep up the good work
This video explained an insane number of engineering things where I live that I've always wondered about about but never known how to Google/ask about.
This is fun when someone working in this project try to mocking something made in China
Civil engineering is a fascinating science.  Thank you for bringing it to us in such an understandable way
Not all retaining walls collapse, depends if you take core samples correctly and gets a pass each time,and if you don't skip any steps when building.
Because they were made in China?
The 42 and 295 interchange project has been a huge disaster. It's a money pit
sometimes everyone forgets the amount of engineering and technology that we have around us in our daily lives
Excellent presentation.
Because 2 excavators knock them over?
Retaining wall in the wild? 😳🤣🤣😂🤣😂😁 Thank you!
They need to come to Houston, Texas to see our freeways.
Yes, yes, Very good. i am something of a engineer myself
I drive by this construction every day on my way to work.
For the algorithm
What do you use to create your animations? I've been struggling with finding good software to create simple animations.
I happen to have two weepholes on my face 😭
To make the video short, everything colapses in Shitna beacuse of the made in china "excellent" quality, meaning it looks good but is more fake than jessie smollette's MAGA story
I had a nice nap.
I guarantee you someone didn't put the straps in that mse wall
Why retaining walls collapse: water. Nuff said.  (Great video btw)
Practical answer………because every thing that goes up must come down.
Grady is a lucky man to have a good wife right on
Last part heal ...
Because they're not built pyramid style 🤓🧐😉👍
Can anyone suggest how a vertical concrete column of Room can be replaced.
Those things can just turn into wheels and rotate out? What the fruit 😂😂😂
If only I had this knowledge back in the day. I would have dominated all sandboxes within driving distance of my Mom.
2:42 Is that Nitra?
Thank you for this amazing video.
Thank you!
gravity Infinite IQ
2:10 oh hey, my grandpa said the same thing last thanksgiving.
I live in a hilly part of Ohio along the Ohio River so retaining walls and slopes fill prominent roles in day to day life.
From bein from the area they doing to much when it's not needed when there are roads that need work that never get it
Still better than any wall Trump came up with
educative
Because u don't build with hand u use a bunch I'd machines needs work should have built in granite the way we do it in new England no dry laid Boulder wall set with camber or battier will.ever fail if landscape is maintenance  if u build giant concrete walls hey r dambs and will fail Crack and not lady u need tons of drainage but u r almost better building with more space and slope but if u build with stobe 500 to 10 000 plus pounds a.stone built by skilled builders will last indefinitely when built right with batter massive base 3000 to 12000 pound base stone 1 to 6 or even uo.to.8 to 13 ton stones pushed into.spac3s when nesssery set into.subgrafe with gravel base and trench u can't go.wrong new England style 100s of walls built. Or think.of stone Jettys all built between the great wars and after ww2  all still here built with stone last in water through hurricane 🌀 get some learn your materials
I was extremely disappointing with this video I wasted almost 13 minutes of my life! I drive past this disaster every day for years!  And I was really hoping for a reason for the collapse, not a lesson on retaining walls! 👎
As a new geologist at a geotech firm, I’m learning as I go about the engineering that follows our work. It was very satisfying to see you cover concepts I’ve worked on and to learn about others I may encounter. Thanks for the great video!
I saw this collapse on TikTok over a year ago and I drove by it the other day and it still wasn’t fixed
I hate that they illegally tore down a 1700s house used in the revolutionary War in order to make this ramp. it seems karma may have had an impact
Thank you. That is very useful knowledge.
ive driven past it a million times ive always wondered how it happend
i live like 15 minutes from there the constructions been going on for more than 10 years
Block failure
Thats Route 42! It branches off to I-295 to the right where that retaining wall collapsed. That area is an absolute clustertruck of traffic and construction.  I drive on 42 often and its cool to see something so local to me on a popular channel. Before it turns into the AC expressway its last exit is to my hometown! And yes, its still collapsed.
0:20 they have obviousy saved way too much money on this, cheapskates! Now they have to pay far more.
Richest country on Earth continues to be unable to update infrastrcture, more at 11
Im right around the corner from the collapsed wall in Camden.  Ive been so curious about this passing it every day
thank you  for info. 👍🎥
You didn't mention my favourite type of retaining wall, Groynes!
oh this video really realy good, love to learn these thing
A foot is what we call em
4 foot equals 1.5 mtr??
Just a quick fact they also use concrete coating in coal mines and other mines as well to hold up the walls and ceilings throughout but that’s only one of many tricks that can’t be used :)
Hello fresh is terrible, people have never eaten in their life if they think hello fresh is edible
Count the top comments that start with "I".
Whelp, I know a few building sites that are going to have problems with their retaining walls now. People need homes, and I'm helping to build a future of unaffordable houses that will fail before the mortgage is paid off. Who doesn't like a race to the bottom just so some share holders can line their pockets?
I know this one! Mongolians.
too Many datas and information makes the whole thing hard to follow.
-bruh-
Those 2 excavators look adorable
FOR ME, i rather plant many typres of trees that grow large roots beside all on our Rivers.
This is great as always pal, and I did think of a couple as a none educated (observant) but some surprised me :) I wouldn't have thought of layering synthetics with the earth. The first example with partly building under the earth and wall interests me in particular, I find if a way can be found to use natural engineering it'll be superior in most cases-what if that tactic could be implemented so it proper melds into the earth, being part of it. Maybe using the first method with anchors too. I wonder if there are many other techniques than what's mentuoned here
Alternatives to retaining wall?
that mechanically stabilized soils video was the first video i saw of yours, been watching since and loving the content. good job.
slope; A derogatory term/slur used for the purpose of describing a Vietnamese/Asian person. Describing the slope of their eyes  I couldn't help but laugh through this entire video
Interesting.  When the Anthony Henday Freeway was being built, I was wondering how the builders was using the multiple large orders of grout (10,000 bag orders).  I thought it might be used in the joints in the bridges or maybe the interface between the concrete and asphalt.  It makes more sense they were using them to fill the nails on the retaining walls.  I was on the factory floor making the grout.
How did I get here?
Cool, now I know just how dangerous it is to drive by the tons and tons of soil being held back by a thin layer of concrete on a highway.
I often drive through this area and never knew why it has been under construction for SO DAMN LONG!
3:44 Dare I doubt that this is actually someone's... _anyone's_ *garage?*
Because they stopped retaining.
Why not get some terminologies right.  (the caption consistent with the picture) That is not technically a "retaining wall collapse"  that is a ground subsidence.  It appears to have a lot more to do with the lack of compaction, than of wall building.
Great video I just feel it goes into very little detail about the actual title of the video.
I live in New Jersey and was already keyed into this a little but I was super eager when I saw your thumbnail so I could learn more!
China builder company?
Random thought I had in the middle of this video, but wouldn't Diverging Diamond Interchanges be more efficient if the diverge went above the road at the intersection? If you have a two lane highway exit on the diverging sides, you could even bridge a lane that would act as a left turn, then put in a merge to the right, and never have to cross traffic at all.
I drive past this construction site and see it and as of 15dec 2021 the site that collapsed is still as it was when it occurred.
It is critical to understand is that the soil composition itself plays a huge role in what can and can't hold up in terms of slope.  Clay is pretty resilient to slump up to a point where water starts messing with it.  I've also been told that the types of tree root sysems matter as well, so getting trees that send roots down, instead of in a wide root ball, are better. Not sure if that's true.
the only question i have is for the footing one. since its an L shape and could slip. why dont they use Like an L and n combo? Where the L part supports what it needs and the n part digs into the ground to prevent slipping and supports the L?
Having successful channels like him makes me realize people like to learn
Tofu dreg? lol
Oh that’s easy, Humpty Trumpty sits on them!
7:10 is exactly how hard I imagine construction workers work
FLT RTH
You know you're watching a fantastic educator when they make you feel smart. That thingamajigger you built with the dowels is so easy to understand.
Well, since my room is in our basement, the nearest retaining wall is about 1 meter away from me. It might not retain a lot, but its definetely keeping our garden out of my room.
I could have been an engineer , but Calculus got in the way😀 awesome video💪
9:08 - Wow, Cute, Tinkerbell nursery background music for a construction video??!!   Are You serious??
Soil actually weighs between 2.6 and 2.7 times what water weighs
I do landscape maintaince on DOT highways, those steeperslopes are also much harder and more dangerous to mow and maintain.
As a professional software engineer I have no idea what retaining walls are except that they work on my PC.
Why did Jersey's wall fail? Politicians hiring the cheapest people with the cheapest materials so all the people in charge pocket the rest. Simple as that.
0:26 "I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment"     Me: Yeah, Me too        Rest of audience: Us too. perfect opening line and just made my morning.
All Walls will fail eventually. Rods get rusty, concrete loses mechanical property, water and humidity change and so on. We gotta accept it.
there is literally nothing else to watch on youtube.. why am i watching this shit
100,000th view woot woot
The line "I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment" has me cracking up.  Me too, Grady, me too.
bro it's just a banked turn /s
Bruh I remember watching that mechanically stabilized earth video years ago
In the city of LA the retaining walls only can be built  with no permits to 3' height and if the load behind has a negative slope ;)
Dude!  You are a rockstar!!
As an old renovator and retention wall builder, I can tell you it primarily boils down to releasing hydrostatic pressure, and insuring that your tiebacks are well anchored versus the horizontal force of the restrained mass.   In the final analysis, non transportation platforms may be allowed to slowly erode via weep holes, while road and rail foundations must be robustly supported and the underlying material be effectively drained at all times without significant erosion. Obviously I have added nothing to the understanding of any soil scientist or hydrologist ( which my oldest son ended up as a master's degreed and consummate master of professionally).  Would that we all be better mathematicians, and could trust our own vector force calculations assuming maximal moisture content of the restrained mass, such as after a tropical depression has soaked the area for days on end.
Weak game that’s why.
Looks like the seems are not staggered put some washed rock and drainage holes at the bottom so the water doesn't sit behind the wall and freeze expand ect but interesting thanks
I live right near the NJ project. It was wild when it happened. One day it's fine and lightly raining... the next the whole side collapsed. If they ever release what happened to it I would love to see you cover their findings like you have with other project failures in the past.
Another great video, Grady.  Thank you.
nice right on time..I have just designed a few  cantilever walls..
Nice looking couple
The packaging on hello fresh actually wasn’t recyclable. The symbol with the number one in it just represents a type of plastic. Plastic companies designed these symbols to trick consumers into thinking their products are recyclable. https://youtu.be/LELvVUIz5pY this link from Jake Tren explains the plastic manufacturers scams.
The lighting is so soothing
Jersey stinks!!!!!
Land slides seems to be a challenge in Los Angeles, is there a way to prevent that from happening ?
Gravity is the cause, just saved you 12:50 of your time.
Because you are not china 👌
There's a good chance that there are engineers watching this going OHHHHHH, some of them after the fact, others before.
is your father is guy from tech ingedients channel??
Haha I drive past this every single day and saw the thumbnail and had to check it out!
Sand has a a Zero compaction rate !!!
Mother Nature will always win with that being said you got to consider poor workmanship
I am HYPER aware of the engineering around me. So much that I cringe at anything man made. Was the engineer drunk, fighting with spouse? Did the builders take care, or just getting paid?
drainage
Thank you
A multitude of reasons contribute to a walls failure. Won't be the engineers calc's that were wrong though 😒😂
I only ever did the calculations for one retaining wall and I used Reynolds text book to do my calculations.  As I still understand it the thickness depends on the 'angle of repose' of the material being retained (in my case sand) and the overturning moment due to the height.  I was shocked to find the wall was to be 4ft thick at the base.  I got my calculations checked by a Professor of Civil Engineering and he told me I was spot on.  The guy I was doing the drawings for (a garage cut into an embankment with another persons house near the top of it) decided it was all rubbish and cut the ground away to build without the retaining wall.  I withdrew from the job only to read about 5 months later as the ground dried out the land had slipped damaging to the the new garage and the other persons house.  The idiot went ahead without local authority consent.  It cost the guy big time as his insurance would not pay and his neighbours insurance also went after him.  Not only that he was sued for damages uncivil court and also fined for unauthorised development.  The moral is....do it right the first time.
@5:00 Forbidden lasagna
Of course it's years behind schedule  taxpayers getting screwed again
made in usa  piece of junk
Great channel 😀😀😀😀😀😀
There is an additional element to the "retaining wall" that is constructed by tying a wall to the soil with geotextile fabrics, etc. In that type of construction the earth must be compacted to a specified density. The wall doesn't support the contained soil, the soil supports the wall, which is actually just a weather face for the geostructure consisting of layers of compacted soil with interleaving layers of geotextile  fabric. Additionally, there must be a curtain of gravel behind the wall for the full height and drainage pipes at the bottom of the gravel curtain to prevent hydrostatic pressures from acting on the soil side of the wall. That is exactly the type of construction that I used on the rear of my hill side property to extend a flat yard to the downslope property line. The "wall" height is up to fourteen feet. During construction I had to constantly monitor the workers doing the compaction, geotextile placement and wall block laying. They repeatedly tried to speed up the process by laying too deep a layer of soil before compaction, which was done with a "jumping jack" type of compactor. To properly compact the soil to the required density no more than six inches of loose soil at at time could be placed before compaction. Additionally, even though constructed in a dry environment, the rear yard, which is about twenty-five feet wide, contains drains spaced every twenty feet along the length to prevent the soil from becoming saturated with water.
I love all the videos you put out . Construction is the only job I have ever smiled to do.
You should do a video on the 2005Taum Sauk reservoir dam failure
why wouldn't soil nails be staggered similar to brick-laying?
I do not fully understand the spikes, yet.   I will need more videos on why this works.  The layers of screen and sandpaper makes sense, but not the nail practice.
HELLO from las Vegas Nevada, thank you for the suggestion of HELLO FRESH, GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
Gravity = Mass Wasting.
Thanks for the knowledge man
you didn't tell  how the freezing of the ground affects these walls
Without even watching the video i can tell you this was caused from insufficient soil compaction below the footer or the footer itself failed..
DAM, you're right - I'm looking at such walls now AND seeing the mistakes with non-engineering consultancy in their design. Fascinating.
While there a good amount if informative content regarding retaining walls, I was expecting a breakdown of what caused the collapse of the retaining wall in New Jersey.
"Why did a retaining wall collapse in Camden county NJ?"   Cause, Camden is a shithole.
Great video!  Your wife and you have made such a sweet family with your son.  Keep making awesome videos!
What about a video on why highway construction/upgrades take so long? Kinda oddball thing though.
With us it turned out that a mountain slope that a road leads past is not stable but slowly slips off. This resulted in major fortification measures. Retaining walls with drilled anchors were built below and above the road. These are preloaded and few even have dial gauges on their heads. The whole mountain was also measured by fixed points in order to be able to measure future movements. But that must have cost a lot of money.
There are three kinds of retaining walls;  Those that have fallen down,  Those that are falling down,  And those that will fall down.  You have to understand the gravity of the situation.
You have have really put an efforts to make this video to explain it to us in easy and simple terms. Big fat thanks to you.
I love your videos ... but tust me when I say that the part you think is everybody's favourite really isn't.
wow the perfect topic to explore the old inca lands
New Jersey? 100% to the mob first.
I am waiting to see you make a video that has the tag line "hey man why are you cooking that dirt?"
Cool video! I build rock retaining walls, that’s how I’ve always explained it to someone it being a “gravity” wall. Essentially wall weighs more than the earth it’s retaining. Never has a wall failed that we’ve built!!
With that title alone, I think I can answer: inadequate foundations.
DO SEA WALLS NEXT! DO SEA WALLS NEXT!
I live very close to this collapsed retaining wall in NJ. It's amazing to see such a construction failure up close and first hand.
Oh dear!!  These kind of things ONLY happen in China right?? Guess Made in USA isn't that great either, or last long to be actually used. LOL
This not a new problem. Some of the largest stone blocks ever quarried and moved can be found in a retaining wall at Baalbek in Lebanon. Moving forward a couple of millennia the Railway engineers in the Victorian era England solved a problem with a particular troublesome cutting and retaining wall with the use of 'Flying' buttresses prior to a tunnel near Chorley in the UK.
I wish Hello Fresh took Food Stamps.
Hey I drive by that collapsed retaining wall twice a day!
10:20 greetings from Flensburg, Germany
Shouldn't have used a mixture of red clay soil (and straw). When wet this soil cakes up. Very bad soil for plant pots....
''Engineers are still investigating why the wall failed'' -  You wouldn't understand, It's A Jersey thing.
On 295 in NJ the retaining wall did not fail, the ground sunk, Where did the soil go, don’t they core bore before they construct to learn what is underneath, I don’t agree with the ground water excuse
Let's go infrastructure! Hit me with that shit Grady!
Whe I see a retaining wall the question I ask is: why don't they collapse more? A flimsy concrete barrier holding back a hillside of Earth never looked stable to me even when I was a little kid.
I was actually wondering about these the other week when I was in a canyon town. Lots of retaining walls, lots of homes built on top.
Grady is the best
Why do Retaining walls fail? Because Nature always loves to mess with Engineers.
Ive built a few retaining walls called RECO walls
Several years ago I looked at a new construction house to buy. The A/C unit was located on the top of a retaining wall. There was several feet of retaining wall around the house. I mentioned to the Realtor, that the location of the A/C unit looked precarious because it was on the top of the retaining wall. She wasn’t concerned. I tried to explain to her that earth is continuously pushing against the bricks and eventually, the wall could fall. Since she didn’t know how the wall was constructed, and I couldn’t tell either, I decided it wasn’t worth the risk. She did not understand my concerns. And was generally annoyed at me. Maybe I was wrong, but I wasn’t chancing it. I’ve seen retaining walls fall.
At my previous house, I had a stone retaining wall in the yard that collapsed on me while I was mowing.  (No major injuries, just total surprise.)  The man who rebuilt it for us buried four "deadman" anchors made from concrete blocks behind the wall and tied the wall to them with steel rods.  We used to have fun telling people that there were four deadmen buried in our yard.
much love
New Jersey road construction is 4 years behind schedule? Who would've thought that the mob wasn't good at making roads
2:30 Gabian Baskets
I go to school down in South Jersey and remember when this collapse occurred. Luckily I don't commute but I remember the headache that this caused for my professors and the students who commuted to school because of the closures.  The construction projects in our state are years behind schedule and simple projects have taken decades to complete.
Hello sir,  i am watching your video from India . Your video is very helpful  in practical life of civil engineers thank you so much sir
The Great Wall of West Taiwan: "Get fucked poser."
It's difficult to appreciate the effort and technologies involved in heavy construction without informative videos like this. It's not contemplated in the average persons daily life.
having had a road project done relatively nearby, my guess is the private contractor building the road had the engineers use the most optimistic engineering data in order to maximize profit.  in my area, after going over budget by nearly 100% the contractor abandoned the project and the state had to take over.  if you don't count the time and money wasted on the private contractor, the state finished the job in the intended time frame and at the intended cost. and that is why I don't believe privatization is the answer.
i live in PA and i saw this collapsed wall in person while driving through NJ! i immediately thought of this channel and was going to request you cover it, but I see you are already on it! great video :)
Thanks for the video and you have an amazing family
Its complicated
Hello fresh is not as good as you may think, there have been several complaints the past few weeks. Maybe you should reconsider getting sponsored/ promoting them.
AS IN MOST CASES....BUILDER ERROR !
Glad this roadway wasn’t active. Can’t wait until this project is finished. Such a pain in the add out there.
Can we get a video on SI units vs freedom numbers in engineering?
Engineers are the best ❤️
While I was absorbing all of the great detail in this video it struck me that what I was enjoying most was the correct use of the English language. It was as if someone had opened the front door and let fresh air into the room. Thank you very much.
Randomly Ended up on this channel and I love it. every video keeps me glued..
I dont like driving on some roads and this didn't help
I’ve been waiting for this video for so long lol
Excellent summary of retaining wall types.   When I was designing buried structures, earth loads used to worry me more than anything else - I was usually quite happy with the calculated forces on steel or concrete, but an error in the assumed strength of ground could have massively expensive consequences.
Great video! Thanks a lot!
Can you make a video regarding Mullaperiyar Dam in kerala. Actually,its 100+ year old. Which built using zurki instead of concrete.
There are multiple retaining walls at the property I'm renting. They all have a 5-15 degree lean. Every time there's heavy rain, I expect them to collapse and my flat to go sliding down the hill.
Mechanical engineer: "four feet? what's that, about 1219mm?" Civil engineer: "4 feet, or about 1.5m"
Because some retaining walls get tired of retaining soil and or water or both similar to speed aging. I've also wondered why on the open air side after the concrete wall panels aren't buttressed as a secondary means of support.
ugh, I just wanted to put small retaining wall in my backyard garden. Now after watching this, I HAVE to over engineer it.
Very cool video I subbed because there is no other channel like this that makes me think, about structures and the engineering that goes into making them safe and stable for years to come...
Can your next episode be about how fake bokeh is disorienting for photographers?
Excellent explanation.  Never thought about walls in such a way
So what was the exact cause of the Camden construction project to collapse?
"Slopes are kinda, a waste of space." LOL
I love watching your videos, there's always something more to learn when you release a video
I have been pondering this question since this video randomly appeared in my feed 5 days ago, and it just kept reappearing. And I have an answer- They weren't built right. So, no need to watch this video.
This is great.  Now I don't have to hire an engineer.  Thanks.
nature created tree roots for a reason.
HAH! That sand cube video was the very first video of yours I actually watched XD
Practical Engineering sponsorships are one of the few sponsorships I watch and/or take seriously.
Grady. VERY cool video. Please keep making these. I wish that I had applied myself in school and pursued engineering. Your videos are a way of experiencing that dream of pursuing engineering...  :)
Your "Mechanically Stabilized Earth" video was my introduction to your channel.
they fall cause water build up behind them
civil engineering student chasing after his/her master degrees : dibs
Still sending Dislikes for a bad music effects
I drive by here everyday. Lord Jesus give me the strength
@6:38 Hartford Connecticut!!!
hmmm, personally I would just make it a requirement that walls be able to hold back quadruple the force that the soil produces, that should be enough for the 2 extra scenarios to occur simultaneously and even leave room for error, quintuple if being really cautious
Perhaps you can look at the Stockwood fill in ND? An embankment for the Northern Pacific Railroad where the ground gave away due to the massive weight of the earthen fill.
I drive by that spot in Nj all of the time! they've been building that forever
What the... title says "why do retaining walls collapse"  Intro narrative says "this retaining wall collapsed and no one knows why.."
that NJ project is 295 and 42 , its a 10 year project. I have cleaned and inspected pipelines there. It is a traffic nightmare before and during at rush hour times. Construction is slow and tedious because if getting material and equipment around. It can take 30 minutes to get to the other side if the highway in some spots because if the existing off ramps  Amazing video as always 👏
Wow so the Ace family's old house was probably really screwed since they had a retaining wall directly next to a swimming pool.
There's an exception to the statement that slopes need to be 25% or less.  Certain slopes in loess (wind-deposited silt from long-gone glaciers) need to be cut near vertically.  This varies across regions, so check locally.
These videos are very interesting. Im no civil engineer but I have a 2 foot retaining wall - built over 50 years ago- about 7 feet from back of  house on  higher level. Wall  now seems to be failing.Dawned on me from video that the poor condition of the slabbed surface area which is on top between wall  and house caused by settling  is now more porous causing problems to wall..and may lead to problem to house? Is that possible? By the way manhole to sewer in the paved area nearer house starting to protrude slightly more than 20 years ago. Was intending to just rebuild wall but I think maybe need to stop rain water ingress through slabs first as quick solution? Or is that ridiculous? Back of house but not the front maybe built up land.This video makes me think I don't know which is the chicken or the egg of the problem.Odd no problems for 40 plus years. What do you think?
Reminds of techniques used to keep mines from collapsing.
Looks like you're losing some weight Grady
Seen a lot of road construction in Central Florida done this way, most notably in the multiple points of the expanding I4 project. Never felt it was being done safely. i expect many roads/ overpasses built like this will have major failures in the future.
I live in the Illinois. What are these "slopes" you speak of?
beautiful?? this and asphalt are the most distopian things in our car centric world... its litterally the opposite of true natural beatufy
Came for the science, stayed for the family cooking
because they stop retaining.
In the Netherlands you just put hills in between roads grow grass on it and youre done, takes far longer to be affected by entrophy than a wall, because its rounded and the grass keeps it together, also works as a free dike, now ofcourse our country is pretty flat so might not  work everywhere
Chins is probably rushing to copy this video to attempt to educate thier 'engineers'.
Heh heh, you said “loads” a lot.
Cool, now I know how to fix my garden wall
They can't retain themselves, how could they retain something else
When you understand something, you would be great explain it in the easy way. Thanks for your video.
Tell me the recent road washouts in Washington and British Columbia did not have to be so severe without telling me that the recent road washouts in Washington and British Columbia did not have to be so severe.
How would a german crane operator say Kranplätze müssen verdichtet werden
I pass by this every day. I don’t think this construction will ever end at this rate.
Would drive by that construction every day for years. The construction work in that entire area is so bad, Workers blocking off lanes, doing piss all to show for it. When I heard about that wall being damaged I was like, typical. Wouldn't shock me at all if it was rigged from the start, the work done to worker ratio is sus to say the least. Some kind of corrupt money washing going on? Who can say. What we do know is that you could hire Joe and his Home Depot crew to get more work done on the daily with $100.
Good job and join me
I would hope that all engineering was practical.  God save us all from the opposite.
You should make a video about the flooding damage in south British Columbia, Canada.
2:38: "When you see a retaining wall in the wild..."
Would love a video discussing the situation in British Columbia Canada right now!
Because those walls weren't retentive
6:42 was T2T, a project local to me in Adelaide South Australia. We also had a wall partially collapse at Bedford Park in Southern Expressway extension.
just in time, im planning to put a 50 ft retaining wall on the side of my yard
lol i was waiting and waiting since the day i heard about this collapse in my home state i need to know wtf happened
I drive past this everyday for work  People joke its collapsed as part of a money embezzlement scheme
Whenever I learn something new about civil engineering, I can't retain my excitement! HA- ha...
I was expecting an explanation as to why the wall collapsed you showed at the beginning, I was like wtf in the end
Four years behind gezzzz someone here need to ask China for help 😅😅
I pass by it daily. Need to keep people working. Its jersey. Welcome to corruption ground zero.
Corruption collapse
I'm gonna name my new dinner delivery service, "Hella Fresh".
I was confused at first thinking you already did a video on this when I remembered Road Guy Rob recently did a video covering retaining walls as well. It was more roads, less engineering, so this was still very interesting. Love both your channels.
Because of a corrupt government contractors and politicians
"Slopes are a waste of space". Racist. Jeremy Clarkson got in trouble to using the term slopes. Ha
Slopes been real quiet since this video dropped🧐
I think of face book as a retaining wall for moron's. As long as they stay there and don't spill out to the rest of the internet, we are safe.
That's the craziest thing i've heard... they allow retaining walls to be made without an engineering sign off?
I was watching Science channel or something at my parents place during Thanksgiving vacation (I don't have cable so this was a trip!) and I saw Grady on one of the episodes about a crane failure talk for several seconds about soil stability or something. Go Grady!
7:12 The scale of this building site is really impressive 😮
there are few cool houses near me,  that have been build on a hill, and have massive retaining walls, one even has a garage atop a snaking path, they are really cool
Why don't we see more curved retaining walls? Like the retaining wall equivalent of an arch dam? I have some books on dry-stone walls that strongly recommend arching the walls into the earth. Granted the wall is curved in the plan view, which limits the applications, but I don't think I've ever seen one bigger than a garden wall.
Your stock footage at 10:18, where do you got this? It's in fact my old home town "Flensburg" in the most northern part of Germany. A fun fact: the area shown is all build up land, 200 years ago it was all water. The railing visible in the bottom right surrounds a water wheel of a now "under earth" small river.
BREAKING NEWS: Government run infrastructure project is way behind schedule, overpriced, and crappy.
I believe the location of the roadway collapse occurred in the middle of a band of karst topography that runs through that part of NJ, near the PA border.
Excellent Presentation
The number one thing I've learned from this channel is that water is evil and cannot be stopped.
Construction games REALLY make building shit look WAY too easy :o
Man why are there no good video games of this kind of engineering?! I want to design, plan, and build this kind of infrastructure, with proper physics so my foundations can fail spectacularly if I mess up, building roads and bridges and buildings, above ground, under ground, building in water management systems, all in a detailed but fun and accessible package! I want to draw up the blueprints and operate the machinery and have sandbox controls were I can subject my work to freak weather just for the hell of it. Nothing I have seen comes CLOSE to these ideals :(
It's only a very small exaggeration to say that your videos are the reason I signed up for an Integrated Master's of Engineering with the UK's Open University.  I'm just three months in but loving it.  Thank you for inspiring me!
10:18 #Germany ^^
Always wondered why Fred meyers had to put giant steel tube pilings after they couldn't buy a hotel that was bordering their property. The hotel is about 30 feet higher in elevation than the store and only about 80' away from the side of the pharmacy at Fred Meyers. So for them to have enough room for a drive thru and parking they built a massive steel wall right on the property line. They couldn't drill horizontally under the hotel so the only option was vertical pilings which probably cost much more than just buying the old hotel.
As an old landscape contractor contractor that was incredibly informative and interesting!! Thank you!
You're single-handedly saving my interest in my course, and quite possibly saving my future career as a barely competent Civil Engineer. Thanks 👍🏻 from a graduating student from the Philippines.
Pennywise the clown says "you'll float too!" Grady the engineer says "you'll like innocuous parts of the constructed environment too!"
Man now I want to build a retaining wall.
These are the ones I've definitely noticed the most, and those "ugly" pipes that have huge cones of stained water running down them are a common feature.
Not just a pretty concrete face!
I live by this one lmao. It's been under construction for like 15 yearsssss
5:36 moderately fast refrigerator  Other than that, thank you for the, as always, very informative video. The way you explain topics is always so clear and fascinating
I bet dollars to doughnuts corners were cut and that's why it failed.
Good stuff bub
What’s the brand of that shirt you’ve got on, do you mind sharing a link to it? Thanks...
Friend of mine had a big pool next to the house on the side of a hill. The pool area next to the house was supported by a railroad tie retaining wall. About 20 years after the concrete construction of the pool started to leak, the deep end was 13ft. The side of the pool wall was only about 10 ft from the retaining wall. Started to see signs the retaining wall was failing as it started to lean outwards after a couple of years after the pool started to leak. The father sold the house, new owner drained and filled the pool with dirt in an attempt to stop the retaining wall from failing completely, which would have also let the house collapse with the unloading of the foundation. We are 90%+ clay here in northern NJ.
when i saw the retaining wall for the backyard fence, it reminded me of many landscaping projects I see in the neighborhoods where the walls start leaning or fall down because of improper support...it looks good when it is completed but it is only a matter of time before it gives into forces of gravity
Very insightful .. always had problem in understanding lateral pressure ☺️.. kindly do more videos on soil mechanics
Why did the wall in the beginning of the video fail and what was the solution?
Oh look, my county is finally famous for something other than murder rates!
at 10:32 you can see the drainage for the wall. According to (German) rules this drainage hast to be at the bottom of the foundation, not above it. Because if its put in like you showed, the water goes under the foundation and makes is unstable.
your cute wife must have looked like Arya Stark in her childhood
6:50 oh hey that's the same pattern that reinforced concrete tiles in factorio use
Another great one Brady! Nice to revisit this topic, the mechanically stabilized earth video was the one that got me hooked to this channel.
What happens to all the reinforcement systems when the underground steel rusts away?
Hi Grady, I would like ask, if is possible, a series of videos showing and explaining ancient techniques and their evolution till todays techniques. Like soil engineering  techniques used by Inca people in Machu Picchu-Peru, or Dome construction techniques as in Hagia Sophia-Turkey, or earthquake resilient building ancient techniques in different cultures like Japanese, Incas, Aztec, Tibet, Mediterranean, Central Asia...  Your channel is very nice and your ability to communicate such topics it's amazing. I am your follower more than 3 years and every single video is a delightful knowledge comprehension experience. Thank you.
Thank you
Awesome video! I'm sure I'm not the first one to point out that Grady is a great name for someone talking about soil levels!
Shotcrete baby ....
How does mining shoring work mechanically? I've seen several videos but can't really understand it, but you explain things in ways that I get so could you maybe do a video on that?
Pittsburgh has lots of retaining walls.
These videos are really enlightening in my casual everyday life. Makes me think differently about things on why they are and how they are.
Great information!!! There is so much to know, when things like this are built...
I need to build a retaining wall for my wife's clothes closet
so why did that wall collapse?
you need a show on pbs like "This Old House", you could call it "This Deadly Crane Accident"
Here are some example videos that may be at a more easily comprehended scale of work to help reinforce the key concepts this story tells - there is both thought (brought in by the design and long developed expertise) and work effort (strong backs, legs and arms) successfully executed all mutually involved in a build project (note however the long term maintenance required - which is frequently neglected - is missing from this 'new' construction, of course, as that does not yet occur but hopefully does so in the future): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZUXxoZ1n04 How to Build a Retaining Wall and 6 Reasons they Fail Stanley "Dirt Monkey" Genadek  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOS8lhhFZZw How to Build a Retaining Wall - DIY Odell Complete Concrete
new jersey...
Nice to hear a wife laughing. A family needs to be a happy place.
I liked this video, if you are new here.  The likes ratio is extremely high normally.  For obvious reasons.
Thanks to you i'm seeing everyday structures differently than most people do.  An honor to be one of your subscribers. 🙌
New Jersey and public contracts?  Could there be fraud, waste, and corruption involved as well?  Signs point to yes.
awesome video!!!!
Why is the South Australian Government building things in New Jersey?
Same thing happened on highway 36 between Denver and Boulder in 2019
Very graphic lecture, thank you for sharing
We have too many slopes where I live.
You forgot about chemical grouting and soil solidification.
surely when applicable and no space, a flying buttress and reclined wall by any angle, not relaying on just gravity and weight, could be added..... costs would be minimal
It's New Jersey.
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment" needs to be on a t-shirt
in masonry school they teach you the three types of retaining wall: the kind that have fallen over,  the kind that are falling over, and the kind that will fall over
THAT IS A WONDERFUL PRESENTATION..... MERRY CHRISTMAS
There are 3 types of retaining walls, walls that have fallen down, walls that are falling down, and walls that will fall down 👷‍♂️ earth is a mighty force
Making HelloFresh Banh mi-style burgers while watching the show.  Check it out.
At least where I'm at, most wall failures are from hydrostatic pressure. It's crazy watching the water pour out some of the poorly built mafia block walls around here.
I’m working for a special foundations company and right now I’m on a job where we are building secant walls in conjunction with soldier piles and lagging (not sure if you mentioned the latter). Love to see videos on this stuff, wish I had seen it in university to give me an introduction to the construction side of foundations engineering because I have to say I was illiterate to most of the terminology going in.
"HelloFresh, America's #1 meal kit" is said to have retaliated against employees for exercising their right to advocate for unionization off-property during lunch.
Great video .... Love the way you explain all the engineering behind it.. 😎
1:53 It might have been better to show a landscape shaped by slumping and settling. in illustrating your point.The fans are mostly alluvial, with some debris from weathering (freeze cracking, etc.).
That 'slopes are a waste of space' gag caught me off haha
I don't think you shouldn't use a plastic-coated whisk on a heated surface.
"I am not like other walls, I am not  11:13"
Your videos truly are amazing. Thank you for sharing your hard earned knowledge with all of us. You deserve all the success coming you way 🙏
I just submitted my dissertation yesterday on the subject ' soil-pile sheet interaction - FEA investigation'. Although not entirely happy about it🥺
Great video as always. I've been practicing Civil Engineering for almost ten years and am always impressed at how well you're able to break down and illustrate concepts that felt so complicated when I originally learned them. Jist curious have you ever thought about getting into teaching?
Ohhh! I recognized that this video was recorded on a Berlin inner-city highway 6:32! 🇩🇪
Love your work
Take a look at the highway rebuilding going on in BC. Seen a few sites where bridge slopes are being rebuilt with concrete blocks and geotech sheets in layers, plus a lot of earth compacting as they go.
Innocuous parts of the constructed environment are the best parts of the constructed environment.
The one MSE wall that I know had a failure was a result of poor backfill.  They had thought all stone was the same but didn't realize the stabilization strips needed a stone of minimum surface friction.
hello PE, your videos are educational thankyou so much, could you please make video on problems while drilling through earth, why we are only reached to 12km, is few hundred of temperature is really huge that no one could achieve more than 12km drilling.
This was just what I was hoping you would do a video on. Thank you!
When idiots and imbeciles are in the government and construction business, what could go wrong, oh lets count the ways.
Have an assignment in class and this couldn't have come at a better time 🕺🏾
Pretty sure most engineering failures nowadays are due to cost cutting & back handers. 😂
"Sloped areas are inconvenient or impossible to use" describes my entire back yard.
00:12 i was really hope you'd follow up with the story of strongest connection,  "The Chinese Connection"  aka Bruce Lee's "Fist of Fury".
because they should never be made this way
Wow this was wicked cool. I didnt know about any of these before, despite seeing them everyday. Love it.
Who could have known that such simple thing as retaining wall can be so interesting.
Already know the problem, contract went to the cheapest bidder! end of story
Maybe it’s just a difference in reporting, but I’m in the UK and hear about a lot more infrastructure failures or collapses in the US than I do in most over countries. Is there any chance you’ll be able to explain differences in tolerances, building techniques and mindsets between developed countries that could explain this? I’ve only heard of 3 or 4 bridges collapsing in the UK, they were in the Lake District and were generally centuries old single lane stone arch bridges being washed away due to a series of very heavy flood events
Sorry, skipped that 3 minute ad from Microsoft.
Great video but still gets a thumbs down for the embedded comercial. I pay for Youtube Premium to avoid the ads and commercials so anyone who embeds on gets a thumbs down.
Honestly before this video I used to look at retaining walls and wonder how the hell they actually held that much material back. The amount of potential energy there is enormous. My question was not why do they fail, but why do so many of them work
When I was a teenager I helped a local farmer build a retaining wall for someone to park their car on a slope. It failed within a few months, and we realised why, dug it all out and did it again! If only this video had been available 40 years ago!! 😀
There was a pretty good example of a slope failure in construction at 151st street and I35 here in Kansas. Engineers built an east/west bound bridge crossing over a North/south bridge over the interstate. For some inexplicable reason they built the support columns for the east/west bridge on the fill above the slope instead of  through it. The weight of the bridge eventually buckled the concrete covering the slope and they had to close the bridge for repairs.
I don't think much, depressed.
New Jersey  Not even completed, tagged and self destructed. 👍🏻
I love that he’s a civil engineer and his name is Grady. Grading is very important in civil engineering. He was born for this.
What a great learning experience I just had from all of your clear explanations as well as your perfectly built demonstration display.  A genuine thank you from me.
I love this channel
Related to your vid of February, 2016 —Tuned Mass Damper— I would like, if possible, some hints ….My quest is just the opposite, I have a large concrete platform, of 40ton, which oscillates on the horizontal plane, back and forth, about 10mm only, in some way quasi continuously. I want to amplify this movement via a underneath hanging pendulum. Still struggling on how to roughly calculate pendulum string length and mass to maximize energy recovery… Any hint on that?!? Many Tks
I was shocked that I recognized the retaining wall that collapsed! I don't commute for work and it's been a while since I drove across to Philadelphia but that spot has been a traffic nightmare for a while now.
2:56 - No way! I remember learning about specific _heat_ in high school. I had no idea there was such a thing as "specific _gravity_ " I love this channel
American engineering 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
They earlier demolished a historically significant house or church for this highway project.  During the 1980s in Gloucester County they built the 55 freeway over an Indian burial ground. Then all these life threatening accidents took place.
I drive by that project every time i go to new jersey, its been there as long as i can remember and its still not finished lol.
The thumbnail reminded my so much of the Berlin wall.
Former retaining wall inspector here. MSE walls are mostly disasters waiting to happen. The theory is sound, but rarely do I see them built correctly. The vast majority have issues due to water infiltration creating voids and reducing the capacity of the mechanical reinforcement. The panels start moving and then it just snowballs from there. I wouldn't trust them as anything more than temporary, 10-15 year solutions at most.
I imagine the decorative panels are also meant to absorb sound?
Shoddy workmanship , Plain and Simple
In my neighborhood, the subway system is in the phase of underground extension. To build one of the underground stations the engineers seem to have used a technique not mentioned here  (unless I have understood nothing in the explanations, however very clear). Before starting the excavation they dug  the location of all the retaining walls surrounding the pit  (~ 10 m X 10 m and ~ 15 m depth) by flooding the trenches during digging to avoid their collapse.  Once all the trenches were dug, they replaced the water, drowning the trenches, with concrete thus forming the retaining walls (there must surely be reinforcing bars but I did not see them).  it is from the moment when the concrete has been completely dry that they excavated the zone delimited by these exterior walls.
The people who live in the area of bellmawr where that wall collapsed say its cursed because they tore down a very historical house from the revolutionary war overnight to continue building.
Interesting. How about reducing the weight of the embankment to reduce the forces. It does exist and can be very effective to achieve lower lateral forces.
Thanks!
Thanks. Now I'm looking at the 10ft retaining wall directly behind my house with nervousness. 😂
Great video; you do not mention tie-backs? Common in the ports to retain sheet  piling.  also, plenty of good comments.
At first I thought this was an old video about retaining walls and wondered why it is only 2 days old instead of years.  So here is your old video with similar topic 4:50 why this current one failed. PS:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0olpSN6_TCc
Your videos are great, keep up!
A Secant retaining wall was built into the emergency spillway system while they were rebuilding the primary spillway  at the Oroville Dam after both failed in 2017. I don't understand all of the engineering in the rebuild but it was extensive.  During the 2017 emergency flooding, the heavily damaged primary spillway could not take on maximum capacity output without sustaining more damage so they slowed the gates and allowed the emergency spillway to top over to help drain flood waters. It had never been used and therefore untested in the dam's history. The run off scoured off the topsoil and revealed the inherent weaknesses in the  bedrock beneath as being highly fractured, unstable and susceptible to erosion by the rapidly draining water. The run off was causing rapid headwater erosion in the fractured rock down the slope of the emergency spillway  potentially jeopardizing  the dam's integrity so they had to stop the top-over and open the primary floodgates further. The emergency spillway was later redesigned in the repair phase with extensive reinforced concreate capping the fractured bedrock and a secant wall added near its base to stabilize the rock slope. Both spillways got 1.1 billion dollars worth of ground water abatement reengineering  in the extensive repairs after narrowly averting a disaster of biblical proportions! Science!
Soil is twice as heavy as water?  That cannot possibly be right.  Having a big lake full of heavy water pushes the earth below it down, causing a depression.  I know I’ve read about that before.  Putting a swimming pool on a rooftop is a harder engineering problem than putting a big flower garden (half the size of the pool) in the same place.  I feel like there’s an obvious example that I’m missing, sorry i just woke up.
Such a great topic, well done. When I was a kid, I used to look at a retaining wall near our house and shake my head. That retaining wall was keeping our house from sliding away. I think it was a gravity wall because it was very slowly leaning away from the load. And yes, in the many, many years since I was a kid, it’s been replaced.
Tony Soprano did it.
This is definitely my favorite channel on YouTube
The cause of the collapse is still under investigation.   Under pressure.
Being a South(ern New) Jersey resident I thought I recognized that collapsed wall in the thumbnail. It made big news here when it failed.  The highways involved in the "Direct connection" are I-76, I-295, and NJ Rte. 42. The wall that failed is for the bypass of northbound I-295 over eastbound I-76, locally known as the North-South Freeway. As you look at the video the traffic headed right to left is headed into Philadelphia via the Walt Whitman or Benjamin Franklin bridges or Camden City, NJ.
Amazing content as always, but i must ask with the growth of your channel when will you start providing content above 1080p?
Hit dislike on every video you watch. To mess with youtube
really good video, mentioning main types, that plastic net soil reinforcement with multiple levels looks good, is there any program that calculate those? i might offer for some of our objects. I always tend to overengineer these walls, well because safety and concrete is kinda cheap. Thanks for great video.
I build forms for MSE walls for TXDoT. I find the subject fascinating.
Talking about retaining walls. Have you seen the ones used by Medieval Japan? In my opinion, it's really incredible how structurally durable & aesthetically pleasing they are despite being really simple by nature. Good examples of the use of such retaining walls would be how they're used in the raised ramparts of Japanese castles. It's worth checking out if you're curious, particularly how they're constructed. Last year, the NHK made a documentary exploring such a thing (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9wGOXXoCuY ) the building featured is the Rolex Service Centre in Dallas, Texas. It's shown in the video that the traditional wall construction method has remained relatively unchanged over the centuries, and is highly labor-intensive, but if done correctly, produces little to no waste. Like most long-standing traditions, it's basically akin to a practical art form now.
Super interesting! Thank you for sharing this 🙏
The star shaped forts in Europe, that became popular from the 15'th century onwards, largley had to handle this exact topic. When cannons became more and more popular in sieges, the old medieval castle did not hold up as before. So they built huge earthworks with stone facing - in effect retaining walls - that held up to cannons fire better. I think it was a frenchmen who cracked the math for keeping said Wallström stable. But I cannot remember his name.
05:30 “Gravities walls and mechanically stabilized earth are effective retaining walls when you’re building up or out.”  What does “building out” mean here?
problems with construction in new jersey????? lol
You have an excellent channel, sir. Funny thing - I usually never watch an advert at the end of a vid, but find myself watching you and your wife with Hello Fresh. Weird. Love your content, through and through.
Well..... One piece of such "innocuous parts of the constructed environmen" is  the holiest place in the world for the Jewish  Just saying, they do get "some" RESPACT
Love your videos and always will. One suggestion when showing your experiments. Make the footing a different color than the dowel (dirt). It was pretty hard to see haha.
Great video & explanation! Thanks.  Looking at your demo model, I couldn't help thinking of that old Poly Shore movie "Bio Dome" when he was making a filter out of the used cigarette butts!  "Makin a filter! Making a filter!" lol :)
After the floods in British Columbia, Canada, they are rebuilding bridges at record speeds. See the re-inforcing mats/layers being used at this bridge: https://youtu.be/s9rckgDtqNw?t=119 Similar to your first video of the car on a sand block. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0olpSN6_TCc
Cause of the collapse...  Government.... rofl
Thanks for the great video. I appreciate the education/explanation prior to going into why the wall failed.
u from jersey?
HOLY CRAP THAT'S MY COLLAPSED RETAINING WALL IN THE OPENING!!!   Gosh, i saw the thumbnail & had to double take, i drive by that mess of a project every day, i remember when it collapsed how much that pissed off everybody, it's been so many years already... that's hilarious it's right by me, cant wait to watch the rest of the vid
I've wondered since age 10 (67 now) why most retaining walls are built nearly vertical...and within DAYS start learning outward...why aren't they built with at least a 5 degree inward lean..so gravity works in unison ! I've built dozens, and 30-40 years later there still perfect....
Trenching requires shoring. Most people illegally trench.
Frankly, as a software engineer,  I've always been surprised that retaining walls stay up.
*shows a horrifically failed civil engineering disaster on screen with most soothing tune in the world
I was on my HOA board for two (terrible) years, and among the many contentious maintenance projects we had to address were many retaining walls that had washed out or otherwise destabilized over time. I don't envy anyone who tries to convince stubborn skinflints that yes, it really is important to have someone who knows what they're doing to build these things, and we can't just cheapen out and do it better ourselves with stuff we buy at Home Depot.
Very interesting. Yes soils ain't soils. Deep layers that suddenly get penetrated by water. Never approve a design on a hill without knowing the geological age and knowing if the site is dormant from an activity.
god DAMMIT man how do you make this subject matter so interesting?!
Looks like Union work.
I think the correct answer would be gravity. Kinda like why did the US have a civil war? Slavery.
So after seeing this retaining wall video. It made me think about the Salt Lake City Temple site which is having its foundation reinforced to better withstand an Earthquake. I would love to see a video about adding earthquake safety to large buildings.
Has Times carried on Cheaper Materiels Now ever seen things as that happened in New Jersey in the past?????
Hello Fresh is hot garbage
The last time Jeremy Clarkson talked about an off-kilter construction project, he got in trouble.
I worked on a site where they had to remove a section of a retaining wall.  I don't know WHAT on earth they'd thought it needed to retain, as the site was undeveloped, but the wall holding back a 6' change of grade went several feet below the lower grade AND was an inverted T shape with a footing that was 18-24" thick, AND was so full of rebar that even with the large track-ho with a ram they brought out to break it up, they could barely perform the work.
Your knowledge of and excitement about these topics always draw me in. Thank you for teaching me and so many others about things we wouldn't think of otherwise.
👍👍👍👍👍
Did you do this video because of my request a while back on one of your other videos? Just finished watching. You didn’t really discus the NJ collapse or offer what you thought went wrong, which is what I was hoping you’d do when I made the request.
At 10:10 you mention building a swimming pool being a "heavy" object. But wouldn't a swimming pool actually be lighter than the earth that was previously there?
You don't need that annoying background music
those walls must be US thing -never seen thoes in sweden
Low bid,   pure and simple
4 years behind scheduled??? WTF 😒
Something in the background of many of these videos is the issue of design standards. Often engineers get used to a solution and apply it in every situation. This isn’t all bad as having a good solution to a common problem saves tons of engineering hours and is ultimately cheaper. But if you don’t do you’re do diligence and make sure the standard/instinctive solution is adequate in a given situation, you end up with big problems.
1:54 where is this?
Answer with one word………..gravity.
I live here, thanks for touching on this.
Retaining walls are life
Very helpful educational.  Most appreciated. Thanks
Gotta love these no-effort-November videos still rolling in.
That meal looks great Grady. You have a great channel.
the exact same thing happened here in Westminster  Colorado, in fact I thought the picture was of the retaining wall that collapsed here, same construction technique, not even 2 yrs
This video came out on the day of my Geotechnical eng. 2 final exam, which happened to have retaining wall problems in it that I struggled with. Why couldn't this video have popped up in my recommended sooner??? would have been so helpful!!
I really enjoy your videos. Keep it up bud.
Long story short, they stop retaining!
MSE panels aka noise wall are actually held together with steel cables that are guided through brackets that interlock them together along with geogrid or tieback. Shoutout to Cretex precast.
Which means that the architect and building company were spectacularly stupid or a scam maffia !       They should be responsible for ALL expenses  involved.     😂
This guy looks like he never met a book he didn’t like But yet has never physically done anything substantial
Oh, for Pete's sake...  I can see what's wrong from here.  Or should I say, it's what I DON'T see.
love your videos!
I was on a housing board where several retaining walls came into question. One had experienced some crumbling near a sidewalk. We were concerned that it might collapse and injure someone. In time, we replaced I believe six retaining walls. Retaining walls were very expensive. Most builders don't build them. The only builder we could find that could build them was the same builder who built the original walls 20 some years earlier. The new retaining walls have a nice look to them. They improved the aesthetics of the neighborhood greatly.
Perhaps those responsible for that project should have looked at Roman roads.
mechanically stabilized earth must be the goal of those tires they pack with dirt used to make walls and stuff for those Earthship structures, I wonder what a demonstration model to show how that works would look like now
Slopes are wasted space.... Meanwhile in Pittsburgh, the entire city is basically a giant slope.
being stationed on okinawa you would see retaining walls all over the place, sometimes two hundred feet away from the road you would see a ravine with a random sprayed concrete+bolted retaining wall way up in the cliff face deep in the jungle.
״Pretty concrete face" :)
The mechanically stabilized earth video just hits different. I think about that more than I ever need to.
Honestly retaining walls are the single part of infrastructure that I do actually think about when I drive past. They always feel somewhat sketchy to me knowing how heavy soil is
It's called "low bid".
I live right by that, its still down.
Here I am, a Geotechnical Engineer… I teach all this and still thoroughly enjoyed your video. Good work!
Neat! The suggested video is when I got hooked on this channel. Excellent!
I'm not the only one to see if the video has a hello fresh moment at the end and then watch that part before the rest of it
I want more crane content!
Okay, so firstly - these vids are the best and the guy doing them should clearly be president of the universe for his calm steady intellect. But I have a problem, I can't wrap my mind around the pretensioned ones. The steel in a sleave and then in mortar and pretensioned. I can sort of imagine that tension being useful initially, although I have a problem intuitively grasping the frictive retension of the anchoring end of the steel beam (probably not a 'beam', apologies engineers!), even if I suspend disbelief for that bit, I just can't cope with the idea that the tension would stay there, why wouldn't the anchored end creep upwards and outwards towards the wall? Surely the soil particles as they wiggle and shift as water moves through them, allow the anchored end to slowly be pulled towards the wall, and let off the tension. I mean obviusly it does work and my intuition and understanding is failing, I fully accept that its a system in use and works and engineers who understand things far better than I do have designed this and it clearly works brilliantly, I just can't get my head around it, thats all!  Oh, and again: great channel, really, absolutely excellent.
At 2:55 you say "soil is twice as heavy as water". I'm pretty sure that incorrect.
That's all very nice but you didn't answer the original question: Why did the New Jersey highway retaining wall collapse?
"Look around and you'll see retaining walls all over!" I live in Nebraska, even here I can think of three bridges within a couple miles with them.
My wife watched this happen haha. Traffic sucked there for years but for one day it was fascinating.
Some walls I have seen built used what they called a "deadman", are those no longer used, or are they just used in certain areas with certain types of soil?
So, why did the retaining walls collapse?
I love your videos
I live in New Jersey and I have been waiting for the report on this collapse.  Immediately after the collapse, a retired civil engineer friend with connections to NJDOT told me that NJ tried blaming the contractor for not following the spec.  The contractor replied with a warning letter that they submitted to NJDOT that it would fail.  Then all went quiet.  There are multiple ramps that were built up in this project including the half of the roadway in the picture that didn't collapse.  They are still proceeding with other ramps but one has to question is what was already built wrong too?
It looks like the engineers on the failed wall in the beginning weren't so  smart. A degree is only a piece of paper. It's what you do with it that matters.
The soil-shear failure mode is really impressive, I had never heard of that.  Are there any notable examples of such a failure?
An interesting project for a video in the future would be the issues in BC Canada this year with what happens when all the roads through the province got washed out or covered in landslides. How do places upgrade their infrastructure to not have these kinds of issues happen in such a large area. It was shown how essential it is to have infrastructure remain in use or the economy suffers
Okay, nice video and all, but you have not answered your own question, what has failed in New Jersey project. Because saying "the soil was bad and the project was bad" is not an answer. This is happening way too many times in your videos. I like how you explain how different situations unfold and how do they happen, but you never explain WHAT has exactly happened, like in this case. Did they failed to build walls correctly, have workers forgot to do something before completing the wall, or has somebody just blew it up in the morning when nobody was looking? I need answers, not more questions.
well hopefully Biden's new infrastructure bill will fix all these problem and many more.
Nice video clip, keep it up, thank you for sharing  :)
sEISMIC, LONG PERIOD GROUND MOTIONS     STATIC VS DYNAMIC ANALYSIS
Steel interlock is super common up here in Canada
"I promise, by the end of this video you'll pay attention to infrastructure that you've never even noticed before." False. 😉 But that's because I'm like you, I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment, so I pay attention to lots of infrastructure, even if I don't understand it. 😅 Great video, as always. 🙂
!0:42 Engineers: We did it guys, the soil is retained.  Terzaghi: You poor fools
Oh. Thanks Know I know what those things are
In Liverpool, England, some oaf put shipping containers on flat ground near the retaining wall holding out the sides of a 19th Century cutting for the main railway lines into the biggest rail terminus, and used the containers for storage of heavy items. By using containers rather than building sheds they could avoid scrutiny from planning laws  (you call them zoning) and building regs.  Some years later the sides of the cutting started to fall in. Luckily, there being 6 or more paralell tracks at that point, the first train to pass was on a track far enough away to not get rocks falling onto the train itself, though some had rolled onto the track.  The train driver (engineer) was able to radio the signaller (despatcher) in time to stop all other trains, and if I remember rightly in the end that train had to reverse to get out safely.  A main line station for a major British City was closed for months as a result, disrupting both the morning commute and leisure travel. All to save the "bureacracy" of getting the  new storage signed off by the city council.
Angle of repose modified.
As someone who drives on 42 regularly that collapse is hilarious
DWIDAGS.
Hey Grady, I don’t comment on videos really and only watch your videos when they pop up, but I did want to say that you’re looking good health-wise (skinnier?). Anyways, love your videos and hope all is well with you.
May the Lord bless your family with happiness and prosperity
Can someone elaborate a bit how the anchors work? That was the only part where I couldn't follow and it seems very interesting.
They built that part of highway in NJ over swamp land. They most likely didn't put anything down to prevent the ground beneath the road to sink
I love the fact that Grady just has random concrete samples on a table in his house
On the topic of water, we had (or rather, still have, but to a lesser extent) a very similar problem here with an underpass. Previously there was a factory a few hundred meters upstream, which pumped _loads_ of ground water (I recall a graphic showing levels of easily 10m below what they original were spreading to over 2km downstream), and doing so since before that underpass was constructed. Since the factory shut down, those water levels obviously came back up and they actually had to implement multiple fixes to the underpass, as the weep holes were constantly gushing water and flooding the sidewalk there. Can't be too great for the structure either, but obviously it's strong enough so far and constantly monitored as well.
Ever wonder what happens when the contract goes to the lowest priced bidder? Maybe not such a good idea!
"innocuous part of the environment" has the same energy as "you're an inanimate object".
6:53 could the patern on the panel also help with noise dampening?
This looks so similar to the Houston, TX 288 expansion wall that, didn't seem to collapse but the road way basically started a sink hole. They just finished repairing it like last week.
I remember the video on stabilized earth, it was one of the first thing I thought of when I saw the thumbnail of this video :)
I always watch Grady's sponsored segment because it is just him being a wholesome family man.
7:58: could that be a reason for the nubs found on ancient cyclopean walls found around the world?
Nice channel man. #we_support_Abotreka #كلنا_أبو_تريكه
I really like your videos, thank you
Tge old reinforced dirt episode is probably the video that I'll remember the most. Something about it being such a simple solution that I should've been able to guess, and it working so damn well just blew my mind
Love these videos
Expansion, contraction, lack of compaction?
Haha, saw you on TV tonight. I vehemently dislike most programs made for television due to the whipping around of cameras, the noise, the fake sound, the same footage reused over and over, the repeating of almost the whole show after the commercials, way too many commercials. LOL! That list was longer than I realized! Anyway, mom recorded it for me because of the derailment of the tank train, but you were talking about the explosion related to the fractional distillation tower at the refinery in Texas. Those two dudes in the diesel pickup should have known that a racing diesel engine means there are combustible vapors in the air! I would have thrown it into gear and gotten the heck OUT of there!
Another great video, thank you. Loved that geotextile / engineered dirt video!
You probably were not aware when accepting their sponsorship but Hello Fresh has been recently engaged in an aggressive anti-union campaign against its workers. I know you personally have to do what you think is best for your channel but I'd ask anyone reading this to please avoid crossing a picket line by using their services right now.
"Slopes are a waste of space."  I felt that burn from here.
I drive by that collapsed wall in the intro everyday. I hate looking at it. Makes me sad
pishaaaaah. Come to Newfoundland Canada and we'll show you how to tame a slope. On a more serous note I hope engineers watch your channel and remember things that you teach.   I've always admired retaining walls growing up and it's cool to see an overview of how they function.
Thank you for being smart
Ya but… ancient pyramids (Africa/Central South America [north and south], Asia, and even Europa…  60 degrees is not disclosed.    Ie. AD 100 Roman roads still exist in 2021/2022. Our modern roads last 15 to maybe 25 years.   Please do not axe me aboot hundreds of decrepit airstrips, former airports.
I go to college a few miles away from where it collapsed and we were literally just talking about it yesterday
"Innocuous Parts of the Constructed Environment" was the name of my rock band in high school.
Stabilizing the earth, wall by wall.
Great video, but you need a 2:1 or 4:1 audio compressor (instant attack, 250 ms release) to normalize the whole thing. You can gate the noise off before that for more effect. Sidechain compression is what drives "ducking", where the music is automatically turned down when you speak.
This is an outstanding video, one of those ones where I truly learned something I never knew before, or even thought much about.
This question may just be a result of some simplification on your part for our benefit, but do CEs ever combine a cantilever wall with piles driven into the soil to increase stability?
Great vid! Even the sponsors part is fun.
i used to live right down the road from this road project. guess it will never be finished at this rate.
As a professional landscapers who has built quite a few retaining walls I can tell you that managing water behind a retaining Wall is critical for its longevity.
I pass the one in NJ at the beginning every few weeks. it looks like they haven't done anything to it since it collapse other than clear some debris. I was wondering if there was some underlying  problem stopping them from rebuilding it.
I would love to see how you would explain levees and flood walls like the ones in my current city grand Forks North Dakota
Love the retaining wall videos!! Please make more!!
You have one of the best channels on YouTube
The problem is NJ built
I remember the sand pile jack stand, it got me to subscribe to your channel.  Good memories🤓
YES!!! I watched this disaster happen and have been living through the traffic of the constant construction and the aftermath of the collapse for a decade now. As soon as it happened my first thought was "Man, I really hope Grady covers this"
No, no, they're just giving it NASCAR style banking since people never slow down until it's far too late.
I pass this wall all the time. I'm curious when and how they're going to fix it.
Thank you for featuring the 42/295/76 interchange in one of your videos! I drive by it almost every day and wonder how they will overcome the issues at hand there. Rumor has it there is an underground river that was missed. Extremely challenging project of very limited easements, tight property lines, continuous traffic, within wetlands makes that interchange project one of the longest existing I’ve ever seen. I remember when they started working on that in 2003! Great video, thanks Grady!!
Too all upcoming civil engineers take earth retaining structures class please.
Build that retaining wall! 🤭
Looks like bad foundation to the wall and a mix of bad drainage on the 2021 wall....  Any Educated guesses 🤔🤔🤔
Again an awesome video! Your consistency in the quality of your videos is really something else.
We had a moderately large flood, and a retaining wall near a town close to me failed. Here is the video of what that looked like then: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5BVTw69Ae4
Very interesting
This is awesome you’re covering this. Drove by it a few times and just couldn’t wrap my head around it
I look at the entire world differently because of your channel.
Epic
Engineered earth = Silver Bridge. I will just take one fault - such as water table changes due to climate change - and the roads I've seen constructed around here will be history.
what about dry stone walls?
A slope may be wasted space, but buildings, vehicles, and people crushed but sliding earth are much less useful and tends to make people really grouchy.  Yeh, I think I prefer slopes.😉
My mom has a retaining wall behind her house, she got it put in because she wanted her yard to be flat in 2 levels. That 4 foot rule applied exactly here and thats how tall the wall was because "they cant make a wall over 4 feet without city involvement" fun fact the wall has collapsed 3 times
Turns out I've been watching your videos for a lot longer than I thought. I didn't even know that the mechanically stabilised earth video was one of early ones and I distinctly remember it still. Thanks for all your great stuff.
Nailed it . Excuse the pun. This is excellent. I have been a civil engineer for 40 years and still.learned from this vid. Holding up your car on sand is amazing. Enjoy your meal this evening !
I've worked on heavy construction projects around the world for my entire career and still find your videos interesting.
"slopes are waste of space".. I'm  a structural engineer, within the field of civil engineering. This statement rings so true..
Thank you I was working for a construction company Wade Aid me to wall they Hammer I beam down to the Rock then they use reinforcement-bar and they was still but they was covered with plastic and they use lots of concrete 3 ft deep 3 ft wide saint day is was 10 ft wide and 1 ft and it was twenty feet up wheatberry lot of that again thank you very much Have Yourself A Merry Christmas bye-bye
Concrete has rebar or other internal structures to hold it true. Couldn't we install a similar semi flexible internal cage layer by layer. Let's see. ahh say 1 foot by 1 foot squares or stronger geometric shapes like alternating pyramids then pour material into it. Compact it then attach another layer via flexible poles that can survive the compacting step and then fold back up to be bonded to the next level. Rinse repeat. If something does fail it would take longer to fully fail and be found at the next inspection. Guess you could get REALLY stupid and install pressure sensors inside the flexible material.  Plug in a comp and download the pressure readings into a 3D model and see if there are any changes. Lower psi means something is on the move possibly creating spaces for water to get in and do it's lets make this bigger thing. Higher PSI would show stress points or shift directions as well how big the affected area is and which way it is going.  This is gonna be one of those that's not it works in the real world or sure we have thought of that. Just gonna need all of you to pay more taxes because let me tell you it's not even remotely cheap.. LOL   My extensive engineering skills were put to the test at an early age. Built a wall and bridge from straws and 3x5 cards in 6th grade. Won by holding up under the biggest stack of encyclopedias. After that achievement I decided since I was so good right out of the gate I should avoid further engineering projects in fear of getting bored in the future being so good there is no challenge in it anymore. Next thing I know I am divorced and driving around in my high performance car (gloves and all) looking like a middle aged man who can't accept where I am in life with an subconscious hate of straws and 3x5 cards to the point of getting panic attacks whenever I see fast food cups and running away when I see flashcards...........  Ok.. WOW.. That's enough coffee for today.....
6:33 Berlin
This is exactly the video I wanted to watch! The city is building a new overpass near where I live, one side has huge sloped earth up to the road, and the other side has a huge (10-15ft tall) retaining wall and every time I drive by there I always think how can they keep that soil from spilling out! Thank you for this
I drive by it all the time it's still messed up , I heard the builders made the engineers assume responsibility because they were calling for Sand to be used for backfill , never use Sand for anything it never stops moving
Stanley Dirt Monkey Genadek is the BOSS at retaining walls!  He has demo videos, what to look out for, what not to do videos too.  He uses geotextile fabric and very careful building.
6:38 - Is that Albuquerque?
One of the best vids on retaining walls!
Umm, the overturning moment exceeds the restraining moment?
Lol that sandpile video was you heheheh
Nice topic.  One item not mentioned is a term that civil engineers use for the angle at which different material transition from stable to unstable. It's called 'Angle of Repose'. I think Wiki has a page on it.
Any time I drive through that construction site in NJ i feel like they're winging it.  Like, "oh, what if we built a flyover here, yeah yeah,  and then put a ramp here and another flyover there and a wall here and there! This is going to be rad!"
You know it's a civil engineer when he's talking about pretty concrete walls.
Here in Melbourne the railways are removing level crossings, some locations by digging the tracks and stations into new narrow trenches with vertical retaining walls of several types you mentioned (the old railway trenches were dug with sloped sides) let's hope the designers and engineers knew their stuff, only time will tell
You can save even more space by building rails insead of oversized highways
I suspect that the most common reason walls fail after underengineering is contractors taking shortcuts.  Probably true for most civil engineering projects in fact.
Your simple demonstrations are so valuable to explain these concepts, even as a seasoned engineer just helping to visualize something is so valuable.  Visualization is so important as an engineer especially when trying to explain a concept or a problem to someone not technically literate.
I remember your video on Mechanically Reinforced Earth specifically because it blew me away. The cube of earth that held up your car got me hooked on your channel and I have been enjoying it ever since.     I appreciate that your channel is so informative about principles that operate in the background and go unappreciated by the general public, yet is so vital to our society in every day life. Thank you for sharing this with us. It is very much appreciated.
I'm not knowledgeable of the subject, so I hope this isn't a silly question but: With excavated walls, aren't these nails doing barely anything compared to sheets in the soil, and wouldn't it be way more effective to just cut it and slide sheets in somehow? The way I imagine it is a machine that drives alongside a wall cutting a huge slit, unrolling a sheet into the crack as it goes, spewing the soil and rock behind itself to refill the slit it's cut after depositing the sheet.  Obvious problems to solve: Start and end of sheet needs pinning for unrolling, and a guiding arm needs to keep the back of the sheet to the back of the slit before it folds over at 45 degrees to becoming from the roll which would be perpendicular from the wall to dispense it. For collapses during the procedure the disk would have to be 3 disks , the middle one a smaller diameter, to shelter the guiding arm, and a chute at the back could guide all the new cut dirt into the previously cut slits by spewing out key channels past the guiding arm. Collapses from the front and variation in soil density issues could both be solved by big plates on the machine that push into the wall as it goes, slightly compressing it, adding additional stability to the cut, while a front covering with holes in for shotcrete is rolled along to cover the slit and prevent ejaculation of the soil from the disks.  I dunno, maybe this is a silly idea. But if this does sound revolutionary and you think it'd be worthwhile to get the idea out there please say so and I'll make a simple animation of it :)
Only someone who doesn't have snow or a toboggan would call a slope useless. :)
I guess it’s true:  “walls don’t work.” ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bottom line: ants and termites are better at this than we are... plus highly likely to outlive humanity.
You're the kind of engineer that make things happen, hence the name "gradey".
In Communist country we know it cause by corruption, no need to explain LOL
Essential Craftsman shared his residential retaining wall detail choices as an interesting collection of precision hoe work.
That failure in NJ does not look like the retaining wall failed at all.  It looks like there was an erosion issue under the roadway and the roadway collapsed.
"these DDI highway interchange overpasses with hexagonal decorative retaining walls look pretty, i want one of these in my backyard" says no one ever
Super fascinating Grady! I'm wondering if you have any insight to how humans have terraced slopes for thousands of years, for agriculture? It seems to always be above 25' slopes, also usually irrigated, and the earth is disturbed regularly. How is that possible?
FYI that retaining wall is still not fixed. I've been driving by it every day to and from work and they haven't touched it since it fell.
This guy could make the process of watching paint dry interesting. Another good video!
The 42/295 interchange has been being worked on since my mother was a kid.  With the wall collapse, it'll probably still be a work in progress when I'm her age.
10:20 suddenly, my home town
Reminds me of a group project when I was in secondary school, where we gather information about different types of geotechnical reinforcements. Each student get a kind of reinforcement to present and I got geotextile. Brings back memories.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take
I have seen these kind of tightining screws on one of the flyovers, while i was travelling through the flyover  one thing I ovserved was the newly build flyover was sagging from one side without any damage to the earth retaining panels so the engineers came up with a genious techinique, they sticked the glass slab at the joint of the two tiles, and if any tile shifts inwards or outwards the glass slab get damaged. so that they can check which panel is shifting and fix the shifting by tightening the screws.
Thanks to videos like these I massively overdesigned my own retaining wall in my garden and now it will last a few centuries at least
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment" is Grady's best line ever. It should be the tagline for the whole channel.
12 years ago, I've built a 80cm retaining wall with my mother. It's made only of rocks, so water isn't a big issue, and we plant bushes on it, hoping it will stabilize it. After 5 years, it became pot-belly-shaped, but I'm pretty proud of it because I didn't watch this video at the time, and I was so young!
I've been wondering about this recently.
I true eagerly wait for your videos, as I have watched all of them already.  I vividly remember listening/watching Video on Culvert while taking a walk on Konkan rural road in rainy season, while water used to cross under the road through a Culvert making kul kul sound.  Ah! Nostalgic just in 3 month.
I just love this channel. I ran through all of his videos, and now wait for his new videos eagerly.
Hey Grady can you make next video on landsliding
Sir please make a video on how flood control barrier works like this one https://youtu.be/lqg0PlfRdeQ  It's really amazing how water doesn't push it away  Please explain in a video
I don't really care how retaining walls collapse but I'm gonna watch this whole thing anyway
Nice that videos like this keep trending to balance out all the crap usually trending.
One thing that I learned in ninth grade science class was a thing called "hill creep". It's a natural phenomenon whereby any manmade object (telephone pole, road, wall, etc) placed on a hillside is subject to the natural forces of gravity and hydrology. That's why you see telephone poles on a hillside angled precariously, even though when installed, they were level.
Is “secant pile” a trigonometry joke, or does it actually have something to do with the structure in the same way as a “tangent pile”?
@1:03 Guess they need a culvert!
TRY NOT TO SING OR DANCE#3 (Male Singer) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTBPdFP3hyo&ab_channel=Kurowolf
They fail because they forgot to keep a lawyer on "retainer"🤪
"Practical Engineering" as a channel name is rubbish. You should really consider renaming it to "Innocuous Parts of the Constructed Environment"
I would LOVE to see you do a video on the failure of the Coquihalla highway in the floods in BC a month ago. Check out the SteBros channel for some highlights.
It blew my mind when you referenced your reinforced earth vid. That was the first of your videos I saw, at the time you had maybe 12 videos. Crazy how much you have taught me as well as inspired me to learn!
Something similar happened to US36 in Westminster, CO in 2019, while traffic was on the road
I wonder if there was ever a situation when flying buttresses were ever used to hold a retaining wall?   They would allow the use of the space below them unlike a long ground slope.  The only thing I can think of are situations where there might be historical buildings or archeologically important areas on the high ground into which nothing further would be allowed to be drilled.
Hey. You left out some temporary walls like freezewall (used when there's bunch of water in ground). Tho theese are rarely used due to high cost of maintaining it for any longer periods of time. They are made by driving hollow tubes into water saturated soil, and running liquid nitrogen (or other coolants) through it to freeze surounding water. You can now dig up to the wall, build concrete wall and stop running coolant in it. They would be used for example in metro construction.
Engineering retaining walls: It's a dirty job, but someone has to do it. There's a pile of factors to consider, too. You can't just screw around. Failures are too much of a pain in the buttress.
I’ve been a safety person for over 25 years with 15 in geotechnical construction. Your videos are such a great learning tools for our young engineers and safety people. Keep up the great work.
there seems to be a split in Japan between older retaining walls—built with a slope—and new retaining walls, built without.  I assume the change is to make more use of the limited urban space, but I really like the older style.
"Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel" Great Children's book.  [chuckling]
Piles with low IQ are often referred to as gomer piles.
No way I drive that road every day and see that collapsed part
They used the wrong dirt. It’s all sand, drive by it everyday. Pricks haven’t fixed anything yet, we don’t trust the roads they did we are driving on
Culverts and retaining walls, two of my favorite things.
Because of your mechanical stabilized earth video when I had to build a retaining wall in my backyard I put layers of tyvek home wrap down has stabilizing layers in the fill behind it with a couple of courses so far the wall seems very stable fortunately nothing too expensive is held up by it
I think most of us here love innocuous parts of the constructed environment.
2:15 “slopes can be a waste of space” I know you didn’t mean this and I’m taking this in a complete 180 but slope is slang for Asian. Use this knowledge for whatever
I knew that thumbnail right away, I have driven through that interchange many times. Honestly never thought much of the wall.  Its a pretty big project between two major interstates, one feeds two bridges into Philly.
Hey Grady! Thanks for the educational video. I am working in an old 50+ years hydropower plant, which was built in the mountain gorge long the path of alpine river. There are many constructional tunnels, caves, stumpings and other ground works that still stand after so many years, it would be great to know how these structures are kept from being collapsed, and in some ceilings and inwardly concaved walls I saw these tips of the rods or rebars that stick out. Could you please make a video on how the tunnels are kept from collapsing under enormous mass of the mountains that they are bored through. Thanks and keep up the great content coming!
Y'all don't have enough Mexican in NJ to build it.
4ft = 1.2m
I hear if you look into a mirror and say "innocuous part of the constructed environment" 5 times Grady will appear and explain to you the collapse of the St Francis Dam.
So boring. Thanks.
You create extraordinary content. Thank you.
I built a big deck on my house some years ago that involved a 4' tall poured concrete retaining wall.  I was perfectly confident speccing out the posts, beams, joists, rafters, etc myself, but I absolutely sought the services of an engineer for determining how the retaining wall should go.  Built everything to his exact specifications, and 4 years later the only damage I can see is some almost-invisible cracking straight down the control joints put in for that exact purpose.  5 stars, would engineer again.
Wooo I live near the intro!
Culverts would be another good subject along these lines
My high school yearbook photo caption was "most likely to become an innocuous part of a constructed environment."
That's right down the street from me.  I always wondered what happened there.
"I love innocuous parts of the constructive environment." has the same energy as "I love refrigerators."
"Slopes are a waste of space" Pharaoh Khufu: How dare you!
I think dinner looks great! What time will it be served, and can you set a plate for me?!? 😂 👍
I live right in that area and your video was spot on, unfortunately this is a part of a 1 billion project  that's over budget and late
I've worked in construction litigation (lawyers for construction stuff) for years..... and I can tell you that failed retaining walls are about 50% of the cases I've worked with.
I wonder if there are engineers working on how to stabilize soils after forest fires so that mud slides are prevented.  I mean these disasters seem to happen every year.
Little Helper has gotten sooooo big!!
10:33 Today I learned they have names, and the purpose I assumed was incorrect. (rain drainage)
It's called the contractor skimping on materials that hold all the soil in place.To save a buck.  :/
Another great video. Thank you. Perhaps one day you can do a more in depth video with real earth and material.
As someone who sells retaining wall reinforcement materials, this was cool.
Great video, I wish you would have touched on slurry walls and how they are constructed. I have had the opportunity to work on a few of them over the years and I have found the process fascinating.
Nice videos, what a coincidence, i just finished tender for an area that demand for us to build 4 types of soil retaining walls (sheet piles, secant piles, segmental retaining wall, and a combination between sheet piles and secant piles with ground anchors) last week. i surely adds a lot of challenges depends on the condition of the soil, in this case it was expansive soils. i hope you can make a videos about soil problems and how to improve them, such as liquifaction, expansive soils or clay shale, or peat.
I remember driving by the failed wall in NJ the day it failed.
Por favor, algun comentario para prevenir o mitigar los daños por colapso de carreteras producidos por sismos https://youtu.be/PCFW0A8H3yo En especial las acciones a seguir luego del sismo, como por ejemplo que cosas considerar en los nuevos trazos para construir las carreteras que reemplazarán a las ya destruidas. Gracias
I literally live right around the corner from there lol
Pepperidge farm remembers your tire video about stabilized earth.
Have you ever done a video on the rock slide that closed I-40 back in 2009 or 2010 at the TN/NC border?
It's interesting to me that a 4-5 second clip in this video of exit 50 eastbound on I-84 immediately caught my eye, and I said to myself that's Hartford!  6 Minutes, 38 seconds.
Grady, can you make a video on how sound affect structures, specially why horns can take down a tunnel?
Nitra <3
My names earl
For any Austinites or Texans looking for the intersection at 7:00 it's eastbound SH71 @ West Gate.
Only you can make retaining walls so interesting. Please note that micron is obsolete. Please use micrometer instead. And keep those videos coming!
Come for the engineering demo, stay for the HelloFresh ad
No way. I drive by this often and was always curious why and how it happened. Now here is my favorite YouTuber who made a video on it. Awesome.
Funny you mentioned geo-textile materials to reinforce retaining walls. They are using A TON of that to rebuild all the highways in BC where mud slides took them out and just looking at it I couldnt understand how they helped. Now I do lol
I can only imagine the price
WHEN RETAINING WALLS ATTACK!!
NJ has been working on the interchange my entire 40 year life.
Cantilever walls and reinforced layers seem intuitive enough, but how does soil nailing work? Can't the soil just move around the nail, how is it being held back?
So I'm guessing these issues not only affect roadside walls but also my planned deep underground lair? No but seriously, I had never considered that building subsurface levels becomes a challenge due to soil pressure.
Now I want to know that went wrong with that New Jersey retaining wall! I hope you do a follow up when the final report is released.
"I love an Innocuous part of the construction environment"  I think thats why we are all here
all I'll remember from this is they were already FOUR YEARS behind schedule. The most charitable reading is that theyre completely incompetent, the more likely explanation  is corruption
got a little curious about the expansion of the water when it freezes how much force are we talking about?
Love your vids as always Grady!
I can see my apartment in that opening shot! That stretch of road still isn't fixed, I drive by it every day.
This is right by my house! When drove by I immediately thought of your other videos on soil!
I'm glad your channel came up in my recommended.  I really enjoy them.
I work for a precast concrete company, and we've done a few retaining walls here and there using interlocked concrete blocks.
Staggering Forces? Dad Joke! Ouch!
did he just batchest
I’d love to see this content on rumble.
Love your videos! I remember some years back now watching a construction project underway near my place where they were building a curved on-ramp and bridge. I remember them using these huge styrofoam like  blocks that looked like they were roughing out the structure with them? Have you seen this method before, ore anyone else?
I drive past that failed retaining wall every day on my commute to work, its the 42-295 interchange.  Last I heard they were saying it was due to erosion, but afaik they haven't said due to what exactly, was it poorly designed roadway drainage, or perhaps it was leaking, was it unforseen infiltration? No one knows yet (or they haven't released the information yet)  Before the collapse I was driving by one morning and noticed some of the cladding was crooked and I thought to myself "That's super weird, I've never seen crooked roadway wall cladding..." then a few days later I saw a noticeable sag in the roadway, a few days after that it started falling down and became a news story
Not knowing anything about the New Jersey MSE wall that Grady shows above, I'd hazard a guess it's due to a 'global' type failure of the subsurface rather than a foundation failure directly beneath the wall strip footing. If caught early enough the wall may have been able to have been saved if fill material forming a slope could have been placed in front of the wall to prevent lateral creep due to the sliding failure. In fact, the long gray soil material looks to be possibly a soil buttress built on top of a granular toe drain as a buttressing attempt but either too small or positioned incorrectly. Just a guess, though, since there are a lot of other unknown factors like available ROW and necessary drainage not to mention fill and labor availability to build the buttress quickly.
Wow thanks such a deceptively simple topic but quite useful. I recently got interested in things like water reservoirs or half-buried or underground hobbit homes or earthbag buildings.
When I worked on the Cape Hatteras Lighthouse move in 99 the "retaining wall" for the new foundation was nothing more than a a ring of well points with pumps that ran 24/7. The hurricane filled that pit with water but the lighthouse was already sitting in place so the water actually helped backfill the foundation slab instead of trying to "float" it. Just thought I'd add my experience in using  pumps to create a safe work area instead of a caisson.
I was worried for a moment at the start of the episode. There is a "Camden County" that is a lot closer to me that has a lot of retaining wall construction of a similar type to what's in your video, and I hadn't heard of any of it collapsing recently. Apparently you're referring to New Jersey, which is as completely off my radar as our Camden County probably is off your radar.  A few years ago they moved the highway to bypass a large town that was about 2 miles of "drive slow through here and visit our shopping centers" by cutting through some huge hills and ravines. Ever since then it feels like they've gone crazy cutting new roads through every hill and ravine they can find.
Before the video gets going it looks like that ground wasn't prepared well.
Wait a minute. You  Start cooking dinner a 1/2 an hour before you go to bed? Do you eat dinner before you go to bed? Going to bed with the full stomach kind of sucks doesn't it?
I live near there! The interchange that they are trying to fix has been a clusterfuck since it was built. I wasnt suprised when the retaining wall collapsed, its on par for my states infrastructure
Thanks for the insight/examples on a topic outside my direct experience.  Nice summary.
Dude, do your homework properly. Secant walls can have  reinforcement in both types of piles, diaphragm walls, CSM or grout body walls can also be used as retaining walls and steel sheet piles are widely used as temp works because they can be driven out of the ground.  The front facing panel in MSE walls causes the reinforcement to be tensioned optimizing its performance!  Instead of trying to come up with childish joke get the science right...
Hill creep and insufficient soils compaction. Almost always. Also, stepping matters.
They used the wrong fill...if it dissolves on water..is obviously the wrong type
Although I'm not an engineer (of any sort) this video did strike home on a personal note.  A couple of years ago I built a patio in our back garden, and because it was on a slope, I ended up having to build a six brick high retaining wall at one end. I've never done anything like this before, so I just laid some concrete footings and built the wall!  (Back filling with soil.) I did include a few drainage holes to stop water building up, and laid the wall double, with more substantial footings (the rest of the patio base was single brick) - and of course the ends of the wall are 'tied' into the two side walls. But I did all this by gut instinct - without any real understanding of what I was doing. After all, it was only a patio! Now I'm sitting here wondering how silly I might be looking in a few years time...
I live in Germany and retaining walls for supporting Autobahn builds are not that common here. The most common shape you see is a Autoban on a earthen damm with a roughly 30 to 35 degree slope. It is really interesting to see the difference in international infrastructure design. Large retaining walls in road design allways looked particularly Americain to me.
Where does one get so many dowels.
I was really getting into this (a subject I had barely considered before) when it finished! Could easily have watched an hour or more of this stuff - so many types of walls, so many types of failure! Please could you do a follow up where you detail the reasons behind the choice of different types of walls and why they have sometimes gone wrong? Thanks.
I was told by another You-Tuber;  There are 3 types of retaining wall;  1 - Those that have fallen, 2 - Those that are falling, and 3 - Those that haven't fallen yet...
Crikey! Here we have a retaining wall in the wild! Look at the size of it! I think it’s a female, guarding its nest! 😆🤣
I built a large dirt tabletop out in my pasture. Because of your previous video on mechanically stabilized soil, it's the toughest in the county! Thanks, Grady!
While the engineering is applicable anywhere, most of your examples pertained to the ubiquitous roadway for automobiles.  Sad.  Can you do a piece that addresses engineering and global CO2 emissions?
Im a practicing archaeologist who spends a lot of time on construction sites when they are doing subsurface work and your videos are both entertaining and professionally valuable! A wise operator once told me that it only takes 1 yard of dirt to kill you. Retaining walls may be invisible but they are so critical!
Gabion retaining walls, rocks in wire cages, are a common sight here in Australia. I wonder how they would be effected when a bush fire weakens the cage? I imagine engineers took this into consideration.
Why did the wall colapse? Cause they didnt follow everything they could have learned frkm watching this channel aka saving cost.
I saw a geotech talk on that wall collapse. IIRC it was insufficient water drainage.
On Interstate 40 in mid TN, they're using huge rocks tied down by cables and anchors to keep slopes from collapsing onto the roadway. It's impressive how they build these with the massive stones involved. Though there have been a couple of failures after unusually large deluges. I get a little nervous driving that highway knowing that if just one of those stones breaks loose it could easily take out a couple of cars.
Not even finished and already covered in graffiti, classic.
You didn't finish the video. You didn't relate things back to the case study where the wall didn't stay up.
Thanks for the fascinating video Grady!  I absolutely had no idea there was so much engineering that went into retaining walls and building them into our Constructed Environment in a way that's safe and keeps them from falling down, or falling over, or collapsing, or whatever. Really well done fascinating video!!  Thanks again for this!
The Ontario Building Code (Ontario, Canada) requires a Professional Engineer for any retaining wall that is greater than 1m in height.
incredibly relevant to home buyers.   Don't trust either builders or small towns, cities to either build so a wall won't fail or that an improperly built retaining wall will be caught. Know someone in Little Elm who had a 12 foot retaining wall located 20" from his house collapse w/o warning.  He will have to sell his house to pay for the repairs while paying on his current mortgage & renting a temporary dwelling.
I live right near this construction project and to be honest I don’t remember that place when it wasn’t being worked on. After I heard about this I was not that surprised that this project is now projected longer. I still say as a joke it won’t ever finish.
thank you so much for all of the information on retaining walls, i am a civil engineer and i really appreciate the simple way you eplained it to the users.  Make more video.....thank you again.
6:55  I betcha the Romans wished they had used concrete to build retaining walls instead of building the Pantheon
Before finding you channel I had no idea I needed a functioning model crane.
Great material
"Don't tell them I said this, but slopes are kind if a waste of space." Grady, you might want to rethink your wording here.  I'm sure you were unaware of the offensive nature of that statement, but it's not great.
can you make a video about suspended bridges and explain this technology... thanks
I'm 41 seconds in and Grady asks "why do they sometimes fall down?" Ooohh, Ooohh, Ooohh... I know that one! Gravity!
I used to live in a house that had a retaining wall holding up the yards of three houses to my North. About 3 years before I moved out of that house, I was mowing my backyard when a young woman came to my fence to ask who owned the wall. The middle house was vacant & foreclosed on. The wall was about 7 feet tall where the middle house was and sloped to ground level for the other two houses. I told her that who ever was buying the middle house owned the wall holding up their yard. She got pissed at me and said she & her husband were buying that house and they would find out who was responsible for that wall. It leaned out at about a 3 or 4 degree angle. About 4 years after I moved out the wall collapsed during a heavy rain storm. She found out the hard way & they had to pay mostly out of pocket to fix the wall.
No way😂😂😂 I drive pass this every single day. I was meaning to send a picture to ask you for a video explaining. This highway project has been going on my entire life.
This is probably out of your area of expertise... but, I (and I’m certain others) would love to see you make a video on controlled demolition.    Using minimal explosives to take down a large building,bridge and in populated areas while limiting and nearly eliminating collateral damage.          Also another video of the dams in Michigan that collapsed a couple years ago.   From what I hear it’s still a major issue .   Maybe include how you would fix their problems since so many residents have lost all value in their homes that were overlooking a lake .      Merry Christmas and thank you for your channel and all the hard work you put into it :)
The terraces/retaining walls at Macchu Picchu are hundreds of years old and still hold up extremely well, that would be super fascinating if you did a video on that!
Oh jeez...I just got "it"... he's Grady...like a grader (the machine that grades roadways)...and he likes civil engineering -- like building roadways.
I think there's a trig confusion early in your video. You assert that engineers have a threshold at 25 degrees, and then go on to describe a 25 percent grade. They're close -- VERY close - but not the same.
Unfortunately the government is the cheapest corporation there is.
In addition to the entertainment value, I watch these vids to make stuff . Does anyone know , for MSE (mechanically stabilized earth), the frequency of horizontal supports.  For example, now many screens did he put in the box of sand that supported the car (a 12in x 12in box It appeared to be)?  It seems that he may have done between 6 and 12) What impacts the number of screens needed (angle of repose? Volume? Top Surface Area? Side Surface Area?)
Wow I learned things about retaining walls I never thought I wanted to know.. When you were explaining how some retaining walls not only hold back the weight of the dirt but then we silly humans start building on top of it and add extra weight my jaw actually dropped because I never actually thought about that. Such simple but genius engineering
I'm 24 years old and I feel like I've seen this project going on my entire life! And the road that is in use is super bumpy any wavy its a total crap show!
I have built a ton of jumps and kickers from dirt and snow during my journey to finding new and creative ways to hurt myself, so I do understand the importance of retaining walls. Only in my "models" they didn't only save resources but also my back from lessening the amount of digging required.
Just use sheet piling looks bad, but lasts forever
' all walls musts has to useing the pipes to let the water leaking out... heavy landslides / mudslides can push the wall down without holes on the walls
Arch Retaining Walls: what am I a joke to you?
As the proud owner of a few yards of retaining walls, I'm watching this closely.
I drive by that area regularly! I sarcastically call it “The New Jersey Monument”. Thanks for doing a video related to it. Really fascinating.
I think Grady enjoys his "arts and crafts time" in his garage more than anything else he does!
I was watching engineering catastrophe's yesterday and saw that you were on it. That's awesome!
Grady: I have a great idea for a demo and I only have to spend the next 4 days cutting dowels!
More please!
Yay!!! I love this topic 😁 thank you for taking about it!
The boundary is the information rich region.
One of the most deadly things on construction sites are trenches, they may in fact be the cause of more fatalities than any other thing.  Trenches are voids with walls on either side.  The weight of soil is not to be trifled with.
@ 9:05 you talk about pile walls for excavations. I always wondered: if you're building a tall building, and so you have a deep basement of several stories like for parking, are the pile walls set first to the maximum depth of the foundation before excavation?
I drive past that construction site everyday and remember when it fell lol
Excellent video. Thanks for the fun geotechnical engineering lessons!! Basically sums up my past 7+ years of engineering work! Can’t wait til your next one
You make statics such a dynamic topic.
Wally World
Great video as always Grady but I don't get it that you find it difficult to cook a meal without someone else organising the ingredients, or calling it a chore. It's one of life's great pleasures a couple can do together, or for one to (try) and show off, and presumably like most people you like eating, I certainly do, I could even help you out with a couple of easy to prepare dishes.  Best wishes from Scotland,  David
Build that wall!
I just don't know if I can retain all this knowledge.
Many times people understand engineering, hope that this video changes their opinion.
Love this channel and its research and information quality
I suspect this wall failed because: Something changed in the soil behind the wall (maybe a spring's outlet got diverted to behind the wall or a pipe broke/leaked)... The wall wasn't properly designed for the soil conditions/built properly... Some combination of all of the above...
Great video, but a few too many ads this time.  Guess I should start using my nebula subscription
At 6:33 you are showing my hometowns highway!! (Did a double take, but it is indeed a stretch of highway I know quite well.)
Slope says, "The pooper on a pig ain't a waste of space and you can kiss my gradient."
Your stabilised soil video was the first video of yours I watch and I think and use all of your videos everyday
Missed these videos!! So good
I was in highscool when I saw the mechanically stabilized earth video. Becasuse of that video I am now studying Civil Engineering.
I live in a rather hilly city. In my area, slopes are actually a rather common solution and they definitely go well over the 25 degree you mention. In many cases, they are over 45 degree. My guess is that they work because we've got a lot of rock. My understanding is that sharp rocks interlock together better then small soil particles. We've also got a lot of clay and clay sticks together really well. Bedrock tends to be rather shallow, so is is very easy to dig down a bit more and anchor directly to bedrock if you really need something to be an unmovable object. Stacked concrete blocks are also rather common in my area. Mechanically stabilised earth walls are rather rare. When you dig that far down, you've are usually looking at a sheer rock face. Even without rock bolts, most of them are strong enough to hold up.
builders and farmers , the true flatearthers
I enjoy your videos because you can explain in a way that is easy to understand. Every time I watch one of your videos learn something I never knew before. Thank you.
There was a similar problem in Colorado where part of the highway US-36 sunk into the ground. I don't think it was a retaining wall failure, but just the soil under the fill became saturated with water, so it was too soft.
when u fail to learn and understand environment all the letters behind in front of your titles just looks god , not functional to me a layman, huh,
The box of dowels reminds me of one of those factory cigarette hoppers on top of the packaging machine.
I really like these videos on failures. Analyzing failures helps us prevent others in the future.
@6:35 that was Germany. Maybe A40 in Essen? They got the Autobahn right in their living-room. Crazy!
This is so cool to see you discussing something in my area. I live in Burlington County and drive by this area quite often. I had no idea this failure even occurred so it's fascinating to hear about it now.
I love the fact that he can talk about a failure and be completely neutral about why it happened with 0 blaming.
That geotextile video u made was the first video i saw from u and fell in love with ur channel immediately.   We really need to understand the physical reality around us if we want to make the best decisions navigating this world.   Thanks for the great content.
Slopes are great for snowboarding! Not always a bad thing!
Thanks, interesting presentation of the basics. I was hoping you were going to to an analysis of the title wall collapse.  Do you have any specifics there?  I was suspecting an overly optimistic evaluation of the passive pressure, but there wasn't enough information in the photos to tell.
As someone who’s in the process of engaging an engineer to redesign a failed retaining wall at home, installed years ago by someone else, I have a new-found respect for these walls.
An excellent example of a secant retaining wall was in the downstream area of the emergency spillway at the Oroville damn.  See Juan Brown's Blancolirio channel - Oroville Spillway Construction.   https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6SYmp3qb3uOd7cfyjp_O7vCsaSSp_jTt
lol I love your style, Grady,  godspeed, and Merry Christmas brother.
So wait why did the new jersey interchange wall itself collapse?? Edit: oh you already said that it's still under investigation duh
Soil is not twice as heavy as water, its exactly the same weight
Soil nailing and shot Crete covering is amazingly satisfying to watch
If piles,and perhaps your dowels with your enlightening experiment... Were hexagonal,not round ? A layman,just pondering...........
i dont know why but i found this topic unusually fascinating. awesome
This came on time! I have Geotechnical engineering exam on Saturday. This video was really helpful to imagine what im studying. Great video!
Great stuff
I-295?
Finally, a topic I actually know a lot about 😁
My road is slightly sloped, so each property has a retaining wall at each side to make the yards stepped along the road.  Unfortunately, ours (and others, I'm sure) has poor drainage and turns into a swamp each time it rains. I'm just waiting for the wall downslope from is to start to fail and add just another problem for us to fix.
I am always impressed how boring the titles sound (no offense) and yet how interesting the videos are... and he doesn't even do anything to sensationalize the topics, he just calmly explains them
I started watching your channel with the mechanically stabilized earth video as a senior in high school. Now I am about to graduate college with a degree in civil engineering. This channel has been such a big part of my path to this career. Such a fitting video for you to post
Living in Southern  arizona  it's weird that water freezes outside...hell is weid to have water outside most of the time
do those anchors have left handed threads or is that a drafting oversight?
You posted this as soon as my company finished building a retaining wall 😅
Its weird how something with as little unique features as a road, can still be instantly recognizable if you have been there dozens of times, 6:32 is in berlin
GRADY YOU'RE THE BEST
Highway 36 in Westminster CO that had a similar design had the same thing happen a few years after it was built.
Wow! The dowels as a practical 2D demonstration of particles is kinda neat!
I’d like to add this:  there is natural resting angle of a sloped soil (sometimes called “the angle of repose”), which of course varies depending on conditions; in the video it is stated this is normally assumed to be 25 deg. A retaining wall is only holding back any soil behind it that is above this angle.
Fun fact: I was driving my sister down to visit family the other day and drove past a short retaining wall on the side of the road. I remember when it was installed about 15 years ago. When it was installed, it leaned the right way - top leaning in towards the hill. Now it leans out. Someone didn't engineer proper drainage for the wall, and Colorado's expansive soils combined with 15 years of rain have pushed the wall out.  So it's interesting the timing on this video :)
Dimensionign sheet pile walls is most of what I do at work. I don't think I've ever seen earth nails used here in Finland, though. It seems to be sheet piles and more rarely "regular" piles for temporary walls and gravity walls, gabions, piles, and sometimes sheet piles for permanent retaining walls. Anchors are often used in conjunction with sheet piles to add stability when the wall alone wouln't be able to hold back the soil behind it without overturning.
My brother is a computer engineer and he hates when I send him chemical or structural engineering videos going "this you?" but I also love random knowledge and being the person on road trips to point out engineering issues, historical references, and architecture facts. For clarification, I'm an art school dropout with a linguistic degree working in social work, so I'm all about learning about things that won't get me paid.
I was walking outside while listening to your video.  I noticed one of the most hidden in plain sight retaining walls in existence, the simple curb.
I don’t know anything about engineering and I didn’t even take a physics class in high school, but dang I love your videos :)
You should have mentioned the failure modes of retaining walls more clearly, overturning, bearing failure, sliding failure and how we design to stop them.
Currently designing a retaining wall for my geotechnics coursework. This feels prophetic...
Great post my friend 😇
Grady: The earth is just too uneven. Flat-Earthers: Well aaaaaactually…
I love engeneering but I hate cars, people should walk and cycle as much as possible and cargo needs to be be moved by ship and train.
Dissing slopes was not cool Grady, my grandfather was a slope
Obligatory engagement comment!
The amount of effort put in all of your videos always shows and I always appreciate it!
Funny thing, we drove by that a while back. I said to my kids "something doesn't look right about that wall" :)
Thanks for another fantastic video! I've been living in an area where slopes often exceed that 25% naturally so retaining walls are all over the place. Sometimes pre-planned, other times, as a response to the soil deciding to move. Your channel had helped me understand soil characteristics and our engineered responses to them so much better than I ever even dreamed I would. Thank you.
Is the Equator a retaining line too?
The failure of a retaining wall in Cologne, GER caused the building of the city archive to collapse. Two people died and thousands of documents - many of them from the middle ages - were lost.
Your little practical demos are fantastic. The concepts you show with some dowel and acrylic summarize a lot of my college classes in seconds.
One of the saddest examples of the engineering being done correctly but the builders not following the plans, is the collapse of the city archive of Cologne, Germany. One of the oldest archives in Europe. The walls of the station were supposed to have wall anchors, but the builders stole them to sell for scrap. The earth pressure caused them to fall inwards and the entire station, with archive above, collapsed into the hole. The workers heard cracking, so they evacuated, but two people died. The archive was destroyed.  A 350 million page rapport was made and BAM, the contracter, settled for 200 million for negligence.
Fun fact, residential brick house walls often have weep holes, and homeowners who don't know what they are often seal them up, with predictably unfortunate consequences.
Love your videos! Keep them coming 👍
I design retaining walls (precast modular and segmental block) every day and often struggle with getting clients/contractors/architects and even other engineers to understand the basic concepts. Lots of engineers love to place cut walls right on the property line (because the architects have used up all of the space) and then they can't understand why they need easements to cut into the neighboring property in order to build the wall from the bottom-up. I think I need to just start sending them links to your videos.
I remember decades ago, employed by a state highway department, we in the geotechnical section tried to convince in-house structural engineers to try MSE walls, geotextiles, geogrids, soil nails, etc. but to no avail. It was cantilevered gravity walls or 3:1 slopes. If we had had Grady's simple, intuitive, learn by seeing, displays and models I think the department would have saved millions of dollars in design and construction costs by moving ahead into the future. Instead, at that time, the only way to present these concepts was by formulas, equations, graphs and (if we could get the research money) demonstration models.
interesting thought:   what if large portions of the earth was made of exposed bedrock or weathered gravel. but no soil silt or sand?  how would that affect construction projects?
Could you do a video on why infrastructure projects in the US seem to take longer and at higher cost than in other industrialized countries?
Very good video and explanations. We had the dowel model in the soils lab at UCONN almost 50 years ago. If I was teaching now, I would recommend your videos for engineering students and Boy Scouts.  Good Luck, Rick
If a brand new wall can fail so catastrophically, makes one wonder how much confidence we should place on the ones we depend on everyday.
I'm finishing up a foundation design course this week. We covered shallow and deep foundations, mats, retaining walls, and a whole host of geotech topics. It was an invaluable class for me to take, and seeing this video come out today on my last week of class was the cherry on top. Thank you Grady!
Great video! I wish you had dug into some armchair engineering on why the New Jersey failure occurred.
"It's twice as heavy..." Now hear me out... this might be a crazy idea... but why not then just use water? ... ... ;)
Not much info for the length.
I live in south jersey and so I go by this all the time (more than I'd like to).  I was wondering what was taking them so long.  and it is weird I had not heard about this until now
Hello fellow Jerseyans, seeing our little neck of the woods is really cool. Here's to another 10 years of construction
I'm going to need to rewatch all of these videos when I begin constructing my fiefdom.
We had a fatality occur during a retaining wall collapse during demolition of an old hospital/construction of a hotel in Jefferson City, MO before the 'rona pandemic
Retaining walls?  Sure, man, let's do this.
It’s been a while since I’ve lived in your city, but have you seen the massive retaining walls over by Babcock and hausman rd? Those are huge I would love your thoughts on it.
Oooooh, so that's why there's so many walls with ugly steel bars all around. Thank you Brady :)
9:48 what a massive wall, where is it?
When my dad and I built the little retaining walls around our yard we put a layer of gravel right behind the wall and a layer for the wall to rest on for water drainage. All the dirt was sloped so it definitely needed it.
"Don't tell them I said this but slopes are kind of a waste of space." yikes
There's a brick retaining wall at the bottom of the street I live on and noticed small plastic pipes along them but never actually knew what they were for until now.  Fascinating
Excellent video, as always. I didn’t know what all went into creating a retaining wall.  I do wish that we’d been able to see you try to toss the cheese from across the room, though. I hope you and your beautiful family have a safe and happy holiday season.
"Retaining walls are more than just a pretty face" 😉
surcharge loads sounds like something a hospital would charge you
@PracticalEngineering: I’ve got a question I would like to discuss with you, as an engineer. It’s kind of a wild shot in the dark idea, and it’s something I’d like a professional opinion on, and don’t know just how to bring it up in a comment. But it has to do with dams and retaining walls.
Hey. You should make a separate series about ancient engineering from past civilizations and do a compare past engineering with modern.
Fascinating stuff, though I wouldn't normally use "pretty" and "concrete" in the same sentence :/
Well-done. Thanks.
This is a terrible project. Well not the idea. They had a court order (I believe) or at least a court injunction on destroying a historic building. And the collapse was on the same area of the collapse. It was terrifying to see. Your demonstrations are awesome.
Thanks for the video.. Awesome information, now I know what I'm looking at as I cruise the American landscape..
This video just makes me realize that like every retaining wall in Scranton is on the border of collapsing and sinking the whole damn place like its Atlantis
I love how in the intro you can see just the tiniest hint of a glimmer in the eye, a slightest twist of the smile as Grady thinks to himself “I’ve been waiting to sneakily lobby for retaining walls for so long”
Thanks!
I seen a retaining wall filled with giant blocks of foam, the white foam cups type, each the size of a hot tub right under the highway.
Always a pleasure to learn more about earthworks. Thanks!  Btw, that first video you mentioned was inspirational. I'm into wilderness survival as a hobby and the reinforced earth method is great for building a warm shelter when available tools and resources are limited. Dirt and plant fibres are readily available, and you won't need to mess around with the time-consuming process of making and baking bricks.
Water can add a tonne per cubic meter.
This video reminded me about the situation with a wall in my backyard. It's leaning over into an easement that separates my backyard with two others on the other side. I wish I could afford to have someone like you come over and offer suggestions.
Grady, I don't know if you've been following the spec house building project on the YouTube channel the Essential Craftsman, but they're building a house on the side of a hill, and early on they had to create two sets of retaining walls for the project. It's a pretty neat set of videos. I think you'll like them. They're now finishing the mechanicals inside the house as far as video timeline is concern. But the house is completed and already sold. (Shucks, Grady. You missed out on your chance to move to the Pacific Northwest by about a month or two.)
Perhaps it's because it's New Jersey where Unions are prevalent  and roads are Government overseen ...kickbacks and corner cutting are also prevalent.  Both are very inefficient and waste tons of tax payer money and can sometimes result in bridges that fail, buildings that fail, retaining walls that fail and economies that fail!  Just a few thoughts that you didn't cover. 😁
I stumbled on your channel by accident a while back.  Now I'm a regular.  Love the content.
Is vegetation an issue with those segmental MSE walls? If a tree starts growing on top near the face, can the root system cause issues with the wall? In certain places like Florida, you even see a lot of vegetation growing from the joints.
anyone else a little worried about how fast that truck was approaching a pretty tight corner @ 1:25? kinda curious to see how he managed it. maybe its sped up xD but background car looked pretty normal speed
it's god punishing the US for still building highways
I've seen MSE walls with soil leaching through the joints, I imagine that can't be a good thing. Don't they usually put some kind of screening fabric behind the wall face?
Are the soil nails functionally the same as the anchor points (unsure on terminology) you often see in tunnels/caves designed to stop cave-in's? If not, how do those tunnel-anchor things work? They never seem to have much on the surface to physically hold back the rock or secure it to the pin (?) so I've never really understood how those horizontal pile looking things work to prevent collapses in stone tunnels/caves
Pun opportunity at 5:36 "They're constructed from the ground... up."
I live on a steep hill and most of the properties in my street are being knocked down and re-developed into medium density housing. The developers of these properties usually have to level the soil and from the few projects I’ve seen, I don’t really think the retaining walls they’ve built are going to do their jobs properly. On one project I saw the developer install what looked like plastic blocks into the retaining wall, it was weird, I felt like asking them what were they and why hadn’t they secured the face of the wall with concrete and steel?
Great channel.  Wow!
When YouTube pops up a "contains paid promotion" banner, they should not force advertising into the video that does not pay the producer.
Even before the video started my thought was, “OMG, this looks so fascinating. How the heck does this guy make stuff that I would’ve thought was boring so darn interesting?“ Thanks for another great video.
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment". It is that love that makes this channel so good.
Your posts are exceptionally good! Much appreciated!
I live about 15 minutes from where that retaining wall collapsed in New Jersey. That entire project has been going on for more than 10 years now and it was so depressing to see my hopes of normal traffic flow literally crumble into rubble.
That mechanically stabilized earth video is the first video of yours I saw, that video earned my subscription.
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment."  Says the engineer who specializes in bloomin' DIRT!
I love this guy.
Brilliant video. Many wonderful moments and statements. I especially liked the "I love innocuous parts of..." So often that's where the trouble will come from. Very cool. I knew an engineer who would nudge his companion on an aircraft and say "You know those wings are built by the lowest bidder".
Is there an official award for well made and valuable content on the internet? If so, you should get it! What you are doing is just invaluable, especially for younger folks. Channels like yours make the internet better, and given the fact that the internet - for better or worse - is a part of everyones lifes today, we owe you our gratitude. Thank you very much!
Ahh the sweet smell of Rankine's active and passive earth pressure theories.
Spiders??? In the 8 years I have done soil nailing, they have always been centralizers.
Grady always makes these topics seem so common sense and easy to understand. The true sign of mastery of a subject.
I don't remember where this happened, but a highway retaining wall failed a few years ago because a region it passed through instituted a "no trucks on inside lane" law forcing all trucks onto the outside lane and the wall holding that lane up wasn't up to snuff.
6:38 Just up for a couple of seconds, but I recognized that exit 50. I used to drive I-84 through Hartford all the time.
I guess they don't make those Hoffas as stiff as they used to.
THE OG MUSIC IS BACK YESSSSSSSSSS
Thanks for giving me yet another common everyday engineering feature to be needlessly scared of... Love you Grady!
After helping my grandpa re-stack the retaining wall in his back yard for the second time, I did kind of realized that the word "Temporary" should probably always be inserted, at least parenthetically before the words "Retaining Wall"
Slopes are awesome, especially when they have grass on them and I have a cardboard box.
Eff Hello Fresh, those b'stards are treating their workers like sh't and tried to stop unionisation
Man, it just makes me realize that even just the things that faciltate construction and building are far beyond my life of mental knowledge! I like how there's so much engineering in retaining walls..and the wall itself sometimes isn't even the project! And great end of video cooking bit, I love these!
We need more MSE walls and better drainage systems.
Hey Grady, can you do an episode on geopiers?
We have been working on construction of an MSE (Mechanically Stabilized Earth) wall to hold back up to 35 metres of backfill for months now. Immediately clicked on the video when I saw the thumbnail !  Great stuff!
Well it would have been better to use the layered mesh method of giving the soil much more strength.  Edit: Ah, you mentioned that pretty early.
I live only 20 minutes from here this project has been going on forever and looks liken its never going to end
"...youll pay attention to infrastructure you never even noticed before"  thats why i watch these videos.
A combination of heavy rain and heavy vehicle driving to close to a freshly built wall caused an expensive headache at home before we switched to gabion walls
Thanks
I drive through Camden county all the time and am not surprised that project is delayed again. It's a joke around here.
Because they didn't pay the retainer
As a mechanical engineering student this was very educational. Honestly i was not expecting designing retaining walls to be this interesting.
I've been wondering for a long time why residential basement walls don't collapse under the pressure from the surrounding earth. This video answered some of those questions but I would enjoy a video or other discussion of how these ideas apply specifically to residential basements. As always, thanks for the good work!!
10:42 Retaining wall: "Ha! I've managed to retain you!" Soil: "I'm Gonna Do What's Called a Pro Gamer Move"
Have you heard of "Slurry Walls"? In my opinion they are a type of retaining wall as well and use an interesting process.  Nice Vid.
Your giddiness in the beginning of the video is unmistakable.  LOL
Retaining walls have always worried me. There is so much that can go wrong them or with their construction with unscrupulous contractors fudging stuff or cutting corners to cut costs.
I live 20 minutes from there.  This is has been a PITA for YEARS.
Я думал у нас Восточный долго строили.
I absolutely love how you explain things
nice explanation sir (subscriber from India)...
I can tell you there is a section of retaining wall at the Route 1 and I-95 interchange in Delaware that is destined to collapse.
Boa sorte para AEG 💪
I live 4 minutes away from the New Jersey collapse. That project fucking SUCKS, it's been nothing but trouble and burden for residents for seemingly forever now. It's a nightmare with constant errors, delays, and pleas for more funding..
The Ace Family should watch this video. Papa Bless.
HOLY COW!!! I drive by here ALL THE TIME!! And I saw that collapse but it looked like they cleaned it up so quick I assumed it was intentional and someone screwed up somewhere with the retaining wall and they has to tear it down. It didn't look like a collapse and no one talked about on the new (at least not that I saw) and so everyone I talked to about it all agreed that it looked intentional!! HAHA!!! That's awesome that you diving into this, they've been working on this for about 43 years... actually now that I think about it's closer to 6 .. WOW!!! And it's STILL NOT DONE!!! It REALLY is  GRAVELY NEEDED though... there is a N/S highway crossing an E/W highway, all with exits to the smaller roads around it (I think there are three smaller roads all intersecting into the same area, on top of the highways - it is INSANE) and on/off ramps going to each highway... but what has been REALLY CRAZY for the past ... idk... 75 years... is that you CANNOT go onto the WEST BOUND highway from the NORTHBOUND highway through any ramps or exist... you have to take a further exit, do a u-turn, get onto the highway again but in the other direction, then take the ramp onto the other highway going west!! And it is all on SMALL RESIDENTIAL ROADS that you have to do the u-turn on -6 IT MAKES ZERO SENSE!!! - You can switch from EVERY OTHER DIRECTION except this one... it's so confusing if you don't already know your way around it... and every few years they tried widening one highway or re-routing another road.... so many different projects that DID NOT SOLVE ANYTHING!!  it has ALWAYS been CONGESTED AND CONFUSING!!! So many small accidents, lost people, and don't get me started on the drainage when it rains 🤮 So this project is SUPPOSED TO "alleviate" all of those issues... 8 years ago lol - we';; see how it turns out in 8 more years 🤦‍♂️
Funny you bring this up. On my way to work I see from the train the construction site of a new skyscraper. Because it is supposed to be adjacent to the canal I see the sheet pile being driven in 2 layers. The pier was probably built right after WW2 and can't carry such loads
6:32 Berlin 🦾
Years ago as a baby apprentice electrician, I worked on a job that went 6 stories down from the street for parking. They had built a temporary wall while excavating held up with dirt nails, but while doing that, they unearthed a shipyard (including a complete whaler!) and had to call in historians and archeologists to better preserve what they found. Because of this, the retaining wall on half the site wound up starting to fail, effecting the basement of the building across the street. All equipment was removed from the top of the hole while they figured out what to do, eventually going with longer dirt nails and restarted that half. It was cool for me as a first-year on my first big new construction job, as I learned an awful lot about how buildings are actually built.   Thanks for your always interesting videos. I am always happy to see them in my feed!
Always glad to see a new Practical Engineering show up :). On this one, I am a geologist (and planetary scientist) and it is an axiom in geology that no retaining wall will last forever, usually not even for human lifetimes. If a geologist was asked to build a retaining wall we would come up with something with footings, columns, drains and plants with good solid rooting systems and still know bye and bye the earth will win.
Thanks. Did not know alot of that- hidden in plane sight
Your videos are great. I’m excited to learn something new every time you release a new video. Thank you.
There are so many of these walls in Malaysia. Good to know a bit more about what's going on behind them
Like
Each time I watch one of your videos, I'm always amazed about how little I know when it comes to engineering, how many factors you need to take in consideration when building everything and how complex it can be.
If Grady builds a retaining wall in his kitchen, I'm going nuts!
Because building retaining walls is *hard*. Even for (seemingly) simple things as in a garden.
Thank you for explaining such a complex matters to us that easily. Keep up the good work.
A concept that you did not cover is where the "wall" is actually one vertical face of an earth filled cage, so that gravity holds the cage in place
the sand cube video was your best video.
Since it is New Jersey, a potential contributing factor is that they paid for x yards of material, but received x-.
Thank you, great video. I’m sure you didn’t mean this but you should be aware that the bit at the beginning has the potential to cause offence due to the fact that “slope” is also a racist slur, classed by OFCOM as “Strong language, generally unacceptable. Low recognition. Seen as as derogatory to Asian people by those familiar with the term.”
Nice, you also made an accidental crystal lattice deformation demonstration!
This dude can take any topic and make it interesting
This was 1 of the first topics I learned back in my Civil Eng. classes.
“Pretty concrete”. Yeah, about that…
Awww yiss! Big brain time!
"These pretzels are making me thirsty!"
I find these videos really interesting. I am an electrical engineer and would find it really interesting if you showed some of the soil dynamics mathematics and formulas.    I did have a small amount of training in mechanical and civil engineering in my first two years of school, but never saw any practical application.  Even more interesting would be to see the calculations for a retaining wall that did fail pointing out what they missed or what changed.
"pretty concrete face" spoken like a true engineer
As always, Grady, you have done a great job.  Very informative.
Man I woulda made a video with the same title and then said “because they were pieces of crap” and then dropped “like share subscribe”
Delays in NJ and sloppy construction?  That’s 100% political payoffs, union work and organized crime.
Hey, video dislikes are back for me! Anyone else seeing this?
I wish I was surrounded by engineers growing up instead of bar tenders and Walmart greeters. This stuff is cool
What is this pipe, why the water is flowing out from it, what is this concrete wall on the mountainsides, what is this iron bolt? This video answered all of these my long-standing question. Thanks!
Thanks for mentioning this project! I drive through here all the time so it's great to see this discussed.
I remember in college for my geology class doing an assignment on the retaining walls that were leaning around campus...
no wall could possibly hold all the love I have for this channel.
🚧 Keep up with all my projects here: https://practical.engineering/email-list 🥑 Get some free meals from HelloFresh with code PRACTICAL14 at https://bit.ly/3xWacPO
... Because people think that a thin wall can hold back large amount of water.    (Designed wrong)
0:27 "I love the innocuous parts of the constructive environment. " And I love anyone who would say something as geeky as "I love the innocuous parts of the constructive environment. " ❤
"There are only 3 types of retaining walls: 1) Those that failed 2) Those in process of failing 3) Those that WILL fail" - Mike Hadduck
That was really interesting!  I’m an artist / photographer who focuses on construction so it’s fascinating to get a better understanding of how construction ‘works’!
Along my driveway is a gravel parking area held up by railroad ties.  Rebar lengths have been nailed down through them.  They are leaning now, even though I have never parked anything there in the 10 years I have owned the house.  Fortunately, the wall is only 24 inches high!  I plan to remove it and put grass back, so it matches my neighbor's yard. Thank you for sharing and stay safe!
how will ivy or vines effect retaining walls?
There's a waist-high retaining wall next to a sidewalk in my town that has an alarming bulge that I'm always a little nervous walking past. I don't know if it could hurt someone seriously but I could see it knocking someone over if it collapses.
Hey we just drive past that heading home from NYC to Maryland. I thought it was strange and it was quite the sight to see in person.
Oooof, there's so many crumbling brick and concrete brick retaining walls here in Pittsburgh. The only ones that never seem to be collapsing are made of vertical steel ibeams with thick wooden crossbeams between them: I'm certain they are sunk into massive blocks of concrete under the ground.  Gravity walls and cantilever walls really are shite at actually retaining soil.
Thankyou👍
Yet another excellent video about engineering. Thanks. A few days back, I noticed some abstract patterns on the sidewall of an underground station. I knew it was made by seeping water and admired them as abstract art. But now I realize and appreciate they were made by water seeping holes in the concrete wall holding the tunnel up. Art produced by Engineering!!
I find the designs of these walls pretty cool. You see many different types here in Texas. I 20 seems to have these smaller bricks stuffed into metal slots, where other toll roads have hexagon shapes
Thanks Brady, I knew some but now I know more about these cool things.
Though from 1986 to 2009 I'd only had 23 years experience as an inspector of new construction over highway & bridges for Txdot...  Grady has, & continues to ~ cover every building aspect of it; with an understandability to the traveling public, second to none. -William 'Rock' Gilpin District 2.
So, what happens in a few decades when the 'steel' cables and fittings rust through? Its going to be difficult & expensive to do maintenance on them, like a lot of public infrastructure - see Cody's (and others) videos on collapsing bridges that haven't been maintained since they were opened.
Depending on your affiliation, all walls fail because of joe biden or donald trump.
Water washes soil away. Not rocket science.
Highway retaining walls by Fat Tony's Honest Construction Company Of New Jersey.
“My name is Grady and I’m going to tell you how to engineer your deadlifts!” -buff Grady
How long did it take you to cut all those dowels?
Is your name Grady because you like grades, grading, grade-level, and all things grade related?
I've seen a 4 foot high stone retaining wall failing.  An architect wanted it repaired.  Unfortunately, the surcharge was the side of a mountain that the soil was moving over the rock.  Nope, won't work on a practical and economic basis.  Sorry.  Another thing that most layman don't get is subterranean flow.    Nice job explaining things.
I can't speak to the requirements for these very large public works projects, but as a wall building specialist for landscape construction firms (i.e. not using mortar or mortise), I can tell you that the failed walls I have to repair have invariably failed because of the arrogance of the prior builder (or the unreasonable demands of the customer) in the verticality of the construction. Walls that last must be diagonally recessed at the top in precise relation to the height desired and the mass constrained. They will become more vertical over time as they settle, until they reach their equilibrium point.
Very cool seeing something I drive by daily as the topic of a video!
Thought you could sneak a shot of the A100 by me, did you? Not the prettiest part of Berlin, but on that particular Autobahn are several stretches of road where the road bed is lowered compared to the streets and houses beside the Autobahn. I was just surprised to see my home featured as an example here.
I also learned that in Japan, retaining walls have been a focus of legislature because so many walls are too old and can't stand up to earthquakes. Tragically, a school kid died after a retaining wall failed. I live far from a fault line, so I'd love to learn more about how we build structures to stand up to earthquakes!
when i first saw this. i thought it was the highway 36 in Westminster colorado. I would love to see you do one about that. and what they did to fix it up. because its really cool
I recently helped a friend renovate her mother's property and they were wondering why the water bills were so high. The house has a paved terrace out front with a timber retaining wall at one end, which was starting to collapse. Turns out the mains water pipe came in under that end of the terrace, and subsidence due to the failing wall had caused the pavers to break a t-joint for a garden tap on the exterior wall of the house (poor plumbing design there), causing further washout of the soil. I'm now imagining such an event scaled up to "large civil project" size... yikes!
Hippity hoppity i will enjoy your property
The most unsettling fact in this video is that there are some projects that don't legally require the input of an engineer...
love these vids, always been a bit of a doer and a lifter. but never stopped thinking about things
I love the fact that you use models and not CG to explain the things!
"Marge! The Neighbor is jacking up his car with Sand Castles again!"
Your voice has a weird echo again. Are you recording in an auditorium or is this some weird effect?
In the words of my mother "there must be 50 ways to cantilever!"
Thought he said Hella fresh
Does the Stockholm subway use shotcrete?
Hey Grady! Could you pretty please do a video one day on how engineers construct the parts of a bridge that go down into the water and rest on the riverbed, and support the bridge structure - I don't know what they're called really (the legs?). But they are like magic to me - I don't understand how they built them, or how they don't get swept away by the currents of the river. As I read somewhere, they often use these sheet piles that you mentioned in this video to create a water-free space right down to the riverbed where they can start putting the foundations? Would totally love to see a video about this! Love your channel!
Another cause not mentioned: corruption.
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment."  May be the nerdiest thing I've ever heard and I love it!
Is it just me or is there a lot of popping in this video?
Grady, your videos are great as always.    You are missing something. At least include it once.   Your advice to people who are thinking to be an engineer. Career paths, salary, risk, advantage. I know we can search it on the internet. But, if you would. It'd be great.
this video ended by breaking the 4th wall
You should mention the Slurry Wall like the Boston Big Dig.
This reminds me of the collapse of us 36 in Colorado a couple years ago. I think that was more the land moving under the wall however.
We have a 120 foot long reinforced concrete retaining wall we put in our backyard! It’s about 4 feet high in most areas. It has a 18”x42” footing in the ground as well. I don’t think it’s ever going anywhere!
I'd like to get Hello Fresh. Can they deliver here at the Philippines?
God I love the way Grady speaks. Just the way he describes concepts is so nice.
It's good to learn a little each day, thank you Grady for providing me with some learning today!  Marvelous episode, looking forwards to the next one!
Have..... Have we seen this before? I kinda remember the "retaining wall" test
We are currently beginning the process of having a 9' tall x 150' long retaining wall replaced that is holding up our driveway.  It will be a gravity wall with engineered block.  It's costing more than we paid for our first house.
I'm currently preparing to take my Civil PE exam.  Thanks for reminding me I need to brush up on my retaining wall designs.
I have built all kinds of walls and embankments in Southern Ohio. I had just built a block wall with geogrid embedment and drove past a shopping center just told my wife that wall wont last. Im a field engineer so I couldn't explain it but could just see the wall was wrong. Sure enough 3 months later have a heavy rain, the block were in the parking lot.
Haven't even seen this yet, but I'll say erosion is a bitch!
"I love innocuous parts of the constructed environment" is Grady's best line ever. It should be the tagline for the whole channel.
Not looking forward to worrying about this stuff when the time comes to terrace my steep garden!
a bit too simple compare to your usual videos
I call taking that metal band name.  "Innocuous Part of the Constructed Environment"
You forgot to talk about Deadman ties. I believe they could help with he sheering and the nails act like one. On most hardscapes it's required to prevent the wall from collapsing.
Great work, as always, Grady.
Anybody can build a retaining wall. It takes an engineer to build a retaining wall that barely works.
I love your videos, but please can you change the music up one time. It's the same background track in every video, we need some variety! pls.
Thanks. I really appreciate the clarity, interesting topics and lack of hype.
In aquascaping almost every hardscape/decoration is a retaining wall. It will either loosely hold substrate to mimic a natural scene or secure that the substrate doesn't erode over time to keep the aesthetic.
Call China, they will build it right with "their" Technology! Their scientists just found a Hut on the moon .....uuuuh Did you guys know China graduates more engineers each year than the entire number of working engineers in the US?
Earth shear - What softwares do you use?
As always. Thank you Grady.
10:44 i love it and i love nature for it. Appreciate energy that earth can manipulate. Appreciate life.
I didn't figure you for such a racist. Sorry if that joke is in bad taste
I always tought those walls are scary. They always seem way too vertical for the crazy loads they withstand. This video makes me a little less scared.
I've seen it , i new it  :)
It is strange because I'm almost sure I already watched this video from this channel but it's new. Maybe somewhere someone aldo did a video on this. Does not matter, good job, it fits well here.
i love this channel
I left a like, cool video
Love your videos 👍
Just FYI everyone, they still haven’t cleaned that ugly thing up.
Thanks Grady
1:52  I love looking at this type of terrain. Beautiful shot.
What an excellent video👌👌👌
Love from kashmir
Acts of God as my insurance company says
Brilliant info Grady 👍.
Your mechanically stabilized earth video inspired many days of sandcastle building at the beach with old cereal boxes and other cardboard
Love this channel Grady.  Thanks!
I love learning new information from you while I work!! Thank you for doing what you do Grady!
I too love innocuous parts of the constructed environment
As a civil engineering student, this just makes my course more and more interesting... Thanks...!!
Thank you Grady for the service you perform for our minds
I almost want to vote to have you explain every cities weird construction issues lol. The kind every neighborhood complains about on Facebook. « Why has the city been working on this road for 8 months etc ».
great day when Practical Engineering upload
Thankyou so much for the video! They are always interesting and informative
First boi
Woo! — Lewis Hamilton is the best!
