So sad.  R.i.p 🙏🏼
That's why I hate dogs they can be wild and dangerous sometimes
Rip girl 😢😢😢
I presume the dogs weren’t labs,cockers and springers ?
When will the public wake up to the delusional belief that it’s safe to walk around in public parks with dangerous wild animals. They are not your beat friends, they are animals that if they decide to, can seriously hurt people and often do
The government seems to care nothing that thugs and “easily led” people purchase these monstrous animals who kill. It does not affect them mostly affecting disadvantaged people. Someone needs to do something. Does anyone know of a pressure group that’s fighting this.
What the hell is a professional dog walker? Owners need to take more ownership and stop getting other people to care for their animals. What’s the point of having one if you can’t look after it properly? Rich people are thick!
Every dog needs to be on a leash and muzzled
The dead woman was walking 8 dogs. That is in no way a safe number for her, the dogs or the general public…as she found to her cost. I doubt she was insured for 8 dogs and I suspect it was greed that made her take the risk. She may be dead but that doesn’t change the fact that ONE person walking EIGHT dogs is wholly irresponsible.
I had a dog jump on me and the owner had the audacity to say "sorry love". There needs to be stricter rules around who owns a dog, how they should be taken care of, how many they can own and fines/imprisonment if the owners don't take responsibility.
This is so sad, but the woman told everyone not to come to her to just let them kill her because she didn’t want anyone getting harmed in the process. She sounded like a lovely person, she rather they kill her than have anyone else get harmed.  I’m a dog Walker and dog trainer and I’m 19 years old. This is always a worry, but dogs have a way of communicating, so once one dog turns, most likely most of the others will also turn
What breeds ?? Really sorry about this case.
GOOD FOR HER.
No doubt a pitbull. WHY DON'T YOU GIVE THE BREED OF THE DOG, PROTECT THE PUBLIC WITH BASIC SAFETY KNOWLEDGE LIKE THAT
Tragic ,still not realised what type of dogs ?  Ridiculous to walk 8 dogs  ,2 is enough How can a dog walker clean up dog muck with 8 dogs on leads = Impossible,  they just want the fees and leave the dog muck
2023 and this is still happening  ?
Let’s hope the police crack down on these dog walkers who think it’s ok to have out of control dogs and are a menace to other people .  A pack of dogs is what they are ……. Say that was a child !!!!!!
Tragic of course but the dog situation in this country is getting worse. How many more people must die before laws are enforced properly? Very few dog owners these days seem able to control their pets and it's becoming commonplace to see one person walking a pack of dogs. It's very sad that people are dying but it's happening more and more. If these deaths were due to shark attacks everyone would want something done about it but with dogs nothing is done and more deaths will continue to happen. A&E stats for injuries caused by dogs are horrendous but it seems acceptable to our government. Dog on dog attacks, including attacks on guide dogs, are off the scale. Please people look up some of the stats and you will be truly shocked.
Pitbull?
Perhaps muzzle controls whilst in public needs expanding for literally all "medium to large dog" breeds capable of "potentially serious to life threatening damage".  Some are going on about walking numbers but this simple practical step would solve it.  We have a toy to small dog and even he had a muzzle for trimming his nails because he cannot be trusted and despite being a generally good lad, gets very aggressive about having dews trimmed.  I'd go with the flow and accept if necessary all dogs had to be muzzled in public if it was the concensus.  No one else should have to suffer because of such lack of trust. Its a shame that largely most dogs are very well behaved and socialised around humans and other dogs, and know pretty good etiquette. Its only the absolute penises in society that ruin it for everyone else ( seen it with neighbours who treat their dogs as feral and let them run all over the shop....they will be run over one day and have to face the expensive consequences) but then here we are, and must deal with it.  If it comes to this to protect other people (and dogs) I'm all for it even if we had to muzzle ours. It would also reduce damage to other wildlife too, some of the breeds can be right tw@ts.
There needs to be a limit to the amount of dogs these professional dog walkers can be with. On blackpool beach you see them with 10 plus dogs and they let them run around terrorising the public. Limit them t 2 dogs to be kept on a lead. Jail time as punishment if they let them off the lead
All of the culprits were caught and put in hand crufts. 🐾🐾
Nobody should be allowed to walk more than 2 dogs at a time some only 1 especially large dogs.
As part of a former emergency response team i recall attending a house for a critical life threatening emergency - dogs barking at the door. As the door is opened i grabbed the handle to stop it opening fully to prevent the dogs coming out - shouted to the owner to put the dogs away in a separate room first. he insisted “they wont touch you mate”… i told him that condition had to be met before i came inside.  so the dogs were put in another room…… we get inside, poor woman is having a heart attack.  i have to get up close and personal - doing ECG’s - getting IV Access for rapid heart saving drugs to be administered - talking to the cardiologist on the phone to agree the patient goes straight to the cath lab instead of A&E - colleague is outside getting chair etc as we have no time to waste….. Its a highly stressful environment!  i have just inserted the cannula into the patients vein and i hear the dogs come into the room (door is behind me)  They see some stranger (me) dressed in green bend over ‘mummy' holding her arm and all these coloured leads coming from her chest to a constantly beeping machine.  whose fault was it when the dogs go into protection mode and jump on me and start biting my arm and ankles?  Did the son let the dogs out the room on purpose?  This is a regular occurrence.  We will go from the extreme of anyone can have a dog with no guidance given - to everyone having their dogs taken away. There will never be middle ground. The policies of the country are sick.  All the government can do is put you in a box - Either black or white.  no education - no responsibility - no accountability.  I do not know if dog walkers are trained individuals to recognise and mitigate the dangers of talking dogs out into public spaces and what limitations if any there are.  This young ladies unfortunate death will probably be used by some corporate minded politician to create a governing body for dog walkers and its purpose wil be to make money from people who wish to register as dog walkers.  I have retired now and my wounds did heal  - But having witnessed life in the UK from birth i can say that the country is built on corruption and is on the verge of complete collapse.   To the family and loved ones of the young woman who died - May the Lord almighty give you patience and heal your hearts. Nothing will ever bring her back and no amount of blame or reasoning will take away your heartache.  You have my condolences, my sympathy, thoughts and prayers. This could have been anyones daughter , sister, mother. If dog owners are unable to recgnise that their beloved calm pets react to unpredictable event,s which is exactly what the public environment is and that the reaction of the dog is one based on survival then as a community we will continue to experience this type of grief and loss.
The joy of not being able to carry a knife , or anything that could have protected her,
There should be a limit of two dogs in any public  space  to one person and be on a lead. No one male or female can control several dogs once they revert to ' pack-mode' . All too often these dogs are off the lead and are a danger to others when in public parks etc. Sad as it is , this could be a wake up call for authorities to control this dangerous practice.
another death, no arrests. Owners free to buy and maintain more large aggressive dogs. Barbaric society
How many deaths? How many attacks in the UK this past year? 2023 will be another record breaking year for attacks and deaths at the hands of these worthless creatures. There are more dog attacks now than any other time in human histpry.
this is what happens when uneducated people think they are professional dog walkers and take out a number of dogs they cannot  control  all for the greed of money now a young  lady pays the price for a pathetic greedy person making a quick pound put her in jail simple
What sort of dogs were involved??🤔
Very sad; It's such devastating news. How many more adults or children will irresponsible dog owners murder before adequate law is put in place and implemented?
So the dog is owned by a psychic and now she says the dog is lost 🤔 she must not be any good at it
How tragic😢❤She has a big heart, very sad.
8 Dogs arrested 😭 Wtf is happening
Dogs are terrible get cats
This is very sad story, the dogs were clearly racist as they attacked a black women
The dog walking company needs to be investigated for doing such a horrible job at protecting an employee. 8 dogs??? What in the world!! This attitude shows how greedy the company was, I feel for her family. May she rest in peace.
When I heard this sad, horrible news, it broke me. Its a very extremely sad story.
Those are the most pathetic cops imaginable.
Does anyone know what regional accent that police spokeswoman has? TIA.
So sad that this could happen in the town that I live in. It’s known to be a very safe area and it’s so unfortunate that a tragedy like this happened. May she rest in peace.
R.I.P
Ban this breed how many more de@d people does it take?!
Dogs should always have collars
No mention of the breed… gee I WONDER what type of dog it was 🙄
Eight dogs and we only know the breed of three of them? Dachshunds are not exactly known to be lethal dogs....what are they hiding?
"Several species of dog were seized from the scene and remain locked up with the council pending a further investigation."  Who's the editor that approved this narrative -- all these dogs are obviously of the same "species", though they're different "breeds".
8 dogs detained for questioning! 😅
How has this happened and why has it happened? What the hell is going on? Absolutely dreadful.
So sad..... What made these dogs do this, it's really unusual.
If this death was caused by any other demographic the comments would not be so wholesome
I can't get over how selfless this young woman was.  She was being killed and yet tried to protect the humans and the horses.  Maybe she had made an error in judgement, walking so many dogs but god bless her for the incredible courage to try to protect others.  I'm sure, I'd have been begging for help.   A truly incredible human being. ❤ 🙏
All dogs...and I've been saying this for years should be mussled, trained then licenced and all potentially dangerously animals.🤯🧧🎋
This is so sad, but dogs should be on a lead especially when there are more than one!!  Now the lady has lost her life, the dogs will be destroyed.
This happened in my village and I know of the woman,,, she started a dog walking company during lockdown. And would walk up to 10 dogs at a time sometimes it was a mix of dobermans, pitbulls and rottweilers and some laberdors and some small Dogs,,,, Very stupid to mix large dangerous dogs together and dogs that don't know you yet let alone up to double  digits,, all it took was one pitbull to attack then its a pack attack. Dogs are jus wolfs after all. Don't forget and if you aren't the aplha and infact a 120lb female, good luck... I mean the rottweiler was near 85lbs alone,,,, apparently a passer by seen it and tried helping and got bite a couple times,, she's brave as anything... When it jus takes one bite to the neck. To kill,, anyway rip Rachel..... Ppl should learn from her mistake 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Both of those cops don't look like they should be police officer.
Whats disturbing seeing high numbers of women in police work now especially in charge.
As a dog walker. That was very irresponsible to take 8 dogs out. Bet dog owners didnt know their dog,  would be going out with 8 dogs. You have to assess use your judgement, to know 8 dogs far to many. She obviously didnt read their energy,  something was going to happen, they were triggered, animals get effected if negative energy or screaming at that time, lots questions !! its wasnt the dogs. Its the pack leader.. 4 dogs is max to walk. I enjoy walking 4 dogs  they enjoy playing together, no stress. You can keep eye on 4 dogs. Unless you want quick buck then it's only money, dog walker after money if 8 dogs. Sadly this girl was not thinking the dogs and owners.. lost her life because selfishly taking a pack dogs out like this. What if something happens to dog walker !! It dont work 6/8 dog's no way. I hope dog walkers change their ways, and think the dogs not the money..3/4 dogs at one time sufficient. I dont care what anyone thinks 6 to 8 dogs to many. Bless this girl who passed on what a shame. And bless the dogs, if dogs were aggressive they would have attacked each other. Its the pack leader dog walker. We dont know only dog walker knows, why dogs were triggered!!! We cant speculate??. On that note I hope dogs won't be put to sleep. Investigations further to see if dogs coming from mistreated homes, and dog walker wasnt to know. Plus look at the dog walkers back round, we dont know any one. Dogs/Owners,  Dog walker need investigated, background history..Many reason's !!!.
Rest in peace 😔
something needs to be done ,far too many dogs and far too many peoplethat shouldnt own or look after them
Pronounced dead on the scene means an attack of unimaginable ferocity. The owners should have the book thrown at them for the lack of training and control precautions.
What breed was the killer dog?
The police said 8 dogs were detained.  They did not say she was walking 8 dogs, and I doubt she was.  Most likely she was attacked by dogs whose owners swear they wouldn't hurt a fly, they get attacked by little dogs...  All those banalities that make them feel better about owing killer animals that could turn on them, or their family.
Dog licences should never have been scrapped as there are a lot of irresponsible dog owners! Unfortunately according to what I have read about this incident, the young lady was a professional dog walker and this was a tragic accident. My sincere condolences to her family and friends.
I love dogs, however dogs who are aggressive, or fighting breeds should all be destroyed humanely. Too many times have we heard of family " pets " killing children. Now a young woman with her life in front of her is dead. So very tragic, Condolences to her Family and Friends.
The dogs are detained? They should be destroyed and their owners prosecuted to the maximum. WTF is happening to this putrid, embarrassing piece of detritus we call a "Nation"? FFS get rid of the nasties on the "Government" benches who are causing this asap, and ban cretins from being able to get their hands on oversized SUVs, because their vehicles have a massively bigger IQ than they do.  The UK, and particularly little "england" need a massive reboot.
Walking eight dogs at once, how could she possibly control that many? So sad.
I will say this until I have no more breath in my lungs, if you take a dog out and you want to let it off the lead please be responsible and put a muzzle on the dog, if these dogs were muzzled this would have never happened. Such a tragic event that could have easily been avoided. My heart goes out to the family of this young women but also to the dogs that will now probably be destroyed :(
How sad, my thoughts are with the family. RIP to this poor girl
That police officer looks two dig to give chase
I could never in my life control an 11st Leonberger on its own never mind with 7 other dogs.  Doesn’t have to be a bad dog or bad owner - it’s simple physics. If a beast like  that size starts and you’re just a wee lass - how’s it going to turn out?
Its like gun ownership in the USA except you can kill anyone and walk away from it. That law needs changing. Too many idiots with no control over dangerous animals.
Was it the dogs she was walking that killed her?
this is why I don’t trust dogs, very unpredictable animals
Was it the dogs she was walking attacked her?
Was she walking the dog which killed her ?
How terribly sad news for the family.
Fly high with angels
The law needs sorting muzzle
Give the dog to the chinese restaurant   To make nice meal.
why are the owners not in jail?
🇬🇧👍 thanks 🐺 dog's
WERE THEY POLICE DOGS.
Walking 8 dogs . Was she a dog walker .  Walking so many dogs shouldn't be allowed. Probably walking so many dogs made the dogs made the dogs more agitated.  Sad
That cops massive.
unfortunately too many people now love the breeds ive always had.big mastiffs...but most arent trained,no impulse control and when you have more than one pack mentality comes in. i have 4 and walk mine but mine have been attacked by smaller dogs while they are on leash and they never retaliate,they look to me to sort the situation,im always ahead of them. id rather take a bite from a strangers dog than let anyone or anything else get hurt. but this is me with my own dogs that ive had since birth,it sounds like she was dog walking so you have a pack that isnt cohesive. so sad, alsosad that the dogs will be blamed when the human,no human,could control 8 dogs at once
This is a very sad event. I lived in Redhill nearby for most of my early life, my condolences for the family of the 28yr old woman. Dog owners who let these animals off the lead with such little thought for others should think more carefully. I take blood thinners to stay alive. A trip to most parks for me is sadly unthinkable now, as, if I get bitten, I would probably bleed to death before help arrived. All for the sake of a dog on a lead? And it's not just me, others suffer for this generally ignored carelessness too.
I feel 8 dogs in a controlled environment is somewhat attainable for one person if there is another person around just incase but 8 dogs in an uncontrolled environment with just one person in control of all of them is extremely difficult.  I think the law now should be professional dog walkers should only be allowed of a maximum 2 or 3 if from the same family. It’s dangerous to have this amount of dogs under just one personals control. I feel for the dog walker and the family and the owners of the dogs involved
£100 says its a putbull
Another case of Staffordshire bull terrier aggression.  Ban them and XL BULLIES. Mandatory 10 years in prison if caught with one.
So tragic, it's risky for one person to walk so many doc, they can develop a pack mentality.  RIP to the lady
Our of control dogs are a problem. Someone needs to do something
If I see ANY unlead animals specially dogs on public! I will give them a really nice kick , that's how I'm supporting myself !!
The owner of the dogs was just informed of the incidence? This person must be punished for negligence.
Dogs are very unpredictable. I got bit many times by various dogs when growing up. How sad
Tragic but are 9 police vans and cars required at the scene?
Bullys i bet its a shame
Very sad 😢 Dog owner should get very tough sentence
Unfortunately, this is what happens when people try to control a full pack of pack animals. Nobody should be in charge of 8 dogs each. Laws need changing and common sense needs using.
there should be a  law stating as the owner of an animal, any kind, YOU ARE and WILL be held responsible for its actions as though it was you committing these actions yourself, surly owners would then think twice when judging their animal's behavior, I'm so sorry and saddened by this very young girl's horrific death, Someone should be held accountable and made an example of,
Was she a dog walker?
very sad. RIP  i dont understand how dog walkers are walking 8 dogs at a time tho. there is no need to be walking a load of strangers dogs together itis asking for a disaster.  8 dogs from different house holds and a stranger walking them ? it sounds like the start of a horror movie. 28 year old lady and 8 random dogs. just sounds like a head line story in every way. rest in peace, so sad and condolence's to the family    🙏
'Don't worry, he won't harm you'  Hear it all the time.
Why they bring in public place this kind of dogs. Lost is lots. Any one can’t fill the gap. Family  lost their  one of love once It’s hug lost. RIP
went for a walk to the beach and I counted more dogs than people. owners with multiple dogs, the people were the minority and I see this often
This is why I hate dogs. Bunch of bloody beasts, don’t deserve this spoiling.
No one should be allowed keep Pitbulls like pets and other aggressive dogs like that!should be law for that
Very sad news
This must to be stop please
How long will the owner of the dog spend in jail?
I think we need to stop breeding dogs. They are becoming a net negative for society. I don't hate dogs but we have to face up to reality.
Bad news man the owner should be locked up and trailed
So sad..😢
Well don't walk 8 dogs of different  breeds and temperament
It'll be a noncey pitbull all the drug addicts have
I can imagine how the eight dogs were detained.
When i go delivery at home n dog come out crazy barking n they say -My dog doesn’t bite ,seriously i dnt give Flippin F)@@k ,,just keep it leashed near urself or hold it if the other person express fear from any animal…cuz in the end of the day animal is animal n v r not!!loud n clear
Was the woman who died a dog walker and attacked by one of the dogs?
Extremely saddened..omlord... what a tragic death.. dogs are after all animals..their owners should be put in jail for months so in future must be alert while taking their dogs out
I have stopped going for the outdoor runs because people are not careful about their dogs. We need strict legislation regarding dogs handling and dogs should be accompanied by their owners and also tied up properly.There must be strong punishments for unleashed dogs owners.
All the folks on benefits shouldn't be allowed to keep dogs, especially the agressive breed that they cannot treat properly.
This is tragic...so many warnings out there but still it goes on. 😞 What can be done to stop this happening again. Nothing can be said to change anything but I am heartbroken here.  I cannot even understand  a smidgen how the lady's family are feeling. 💔
Dogs should be banned in the UK
Why is it always the good dogs that wouldn't harm anyone that maul women and children?
People who own dangerous dogs are  chavy stupid addled mindless types little scrubbers that think they are it and spend tax payers/UC money on moronic dogs. I'd never have a dog again always want your attention and stink and cause trouble all the time AND COST A BOMB, what a life. I avoid 90% people with dogs usually one and the same.
Dog walkers need to understand if your aggressive dog goes within a metre of a human that human has the rite to kill it before being attacked. Like hell would I ever let a dog attack me an I find the owners of these dogs need to understand this, yes it’s your pet but not everyone likes dogs. Disgusting what has happened here. I would go out running on secluded trails an at any moment be prepared to defend myself before I’d get bitten. Also the owner should prepare aswell, I’d prob say 10-15 times I’ve been full on screaming at these idiotic stupid dog walkers
This is happening far to often with irresponsible dog owners. I have 3 German shepherd's and I know what they can be capable of but they are trained well and never let off the lead in a public place. Some people eople get these types of dogs as a status symbol to say o look at me I've got this big dog without knowing how to handle them. It needs to be tougher to get your hands on these types of dogs. Heart goes out to this woman and her family.
Let me get this right, all they’ve actually “achieved” is putting some dogs in custody..? Why’s there not a paramedic report since their response is actually relevant? It’s not their report to make
There needs to be law on dog owners to keep the more dangerous breed on leash
The whole story is not here, it sounds like an unfortunate accident
She shouldn’t have been walking 8 dogs She clearly lost control it’s not okay! Poor dogs need a leader to walk them. Such a sad story
Government overlooking the the uk breeding of these killer dogs. Something has to be done. Tributes will pour in for the victim but the bigger issue will be forgotten about once again. I wouldn't even let my child in a friends house if I knew they owned a certain type of dog let alone own one.
That must be one big dangerous dog....
Very sad and RIP to that young lady. Multiple dog walking needs to be regulated but stating numbers alone can't work, four boxer dogs compared to four handbag sized dogs for instance?
The animal owner has been WHAT 🤯informed. 🤔🤯🤔not arrested. Just imagine if that owner was not white. He bee hanged by cops and media.
This fat policeman looks like good stab shield.
Looks like Dog Walkers makeing a few bob.
The owner may get a couple of years. If that.
What is it with whyte people and dogs? Why do they even hang dog mess in trees? It's such a bizarre thing....and disgusting.
No such thing as a bad dog just bad owners
Dogs and their owners/walkers need much stricter laws slapped on them.
Too many dogs these days. Don’t know if all dog owners look after them properly.
Need dog licences back, sick of hearing news like this.
hopefully the owners of the dogs get years in jail.
C’mon then you lousy, silly, careless people!!…If a man or woman murdered another man/woman, you’d be going ape at the suspect. So it’s only right if you go ape at these stupid animals on their all fours. Hate DOGS! HATE Em! Scrawny useless things.
Also yes the police report. So,so empathetic and gentle. A reminder that there Also humans and being at the scene of the attack must have been horrific
Why do these type of dogs exist? All this could of prevented if specific breeds could of been banned from the UK
This should not be happening, disgraceful. People need to be accountable for their animals
Yet another dog attack leading to a fatality.....to many dogs in this country are not trained in social situations its ridiculous, sort it out Goverment! You get a dog make it mandatory to be trained......
From what I can find out, the number of dogs one can walk is not set by a national law, but by local area legislation. In many areas this is 4 dogs, but I expect this is 4 per person. However, legislation needs to consider that multiple dog walkers may combine to produce groupings larger than this that still comply with regulations. There is a lot of speculation here and it's unclear what the situation was. It may even have been two separate dog walkers walking independently with 4 dogs each and the two groups got in conflict (a situation which noone who is passing judgement seems to be considering). In this situation, even with a 4 dogs per walker limit, those involved would have been acting legally. Some people should show more respect and stop passing judgment while they have so little information.
Ohh no this is so  sad 😞 r.i.p your lady
A horrible story i'm so sad for that poor woman & her family. Thank God there were no children in that area when the dogs were loose.
So sad😥 heartbreaking RIP💐
Unfortunately, most people haven’t a clue about how to safely defend themselves against a dog attack. Many breeds are replicated because of their killer instincts, but regardless, dogs don’t have their wolf killer instincts fully bred out of them.   A few years ago in Bowness on Windermere, Lake District, Cumbria, I had a snarling Chihuahua lunge at me and bare it’s teeth as I stopped for a second on the pavement, while it was sitting in the passenger’s seat of an open-topped sports car. Chihuahuas (handbag accessory dogs) were bred in northern Mexico specifically for killing rats and they’re extremely territorial.   Such tragedies as this are a perennial problem because ‘responsible’ people only see their dog as a “fur baby”. American Pitbull terriers typically have a bite strength of 235-305 pounds per square inch. Easily enough to snap and crush human bones, rendering children or adults rapidly helpless on the ground where they are most vulnerable to a fatal attack.
How many times! The amount of dog attacks in homes and in public! fatalities of babies to elders caused by dog attacks, yet people continue to be careless.. many won't learn even when it happens to them or their loved ones, simply because they value human lives less than of wild animals. Dogs are Not to blame, it's in their nature.
"Dogs never attack anyone for no reason, she must of done something to set them off"
pibbles the pitbull would never do that, he must have been provoked
What kind of dogs were they?
The reason ambulance response times are so bad is because certain cultures/ethnicities/social classes/new arrivals within our society have not been educated on how to correctly use the service. Same with A&E. A lot of people think that ambulances are a free taxi service to the hospital. Perhaps a public education campaign would be money well spent in the long run.
Dogs are wild pets...they need to be trained or tied correctly...kicking in the head works.
Get that male officer on a diet.
Heads up dog owners- you all need to do better.
The problem is if a dog is being walked by someone else who is not in their family (pack). There is always a chance the dog can see itself as the Alpha.
Horrific way to die
All dogs need to be now legally muzzled in public.  To save  just 1 needless death this is worth the 'inconvenience'. Yes most dogs are not a threat and owners are in control but 1 in a few hundred are not. And then occasionally unfortunately we get an awful attack. and things like this
i just bet the owners of this animal will say ‘he’s a very friendly home loving dog’ they will bear no responsibility at all, as is normal for dog owners that attack
The policeman at the start of the clip talking to the WPC has clearly had one too many cheese burgers. You'd think he'd be told by his chief constable to shed some weight by eating something that isn't deep fat fried. No need for criminals to worry about him chasing after them on the streets. It must be a big, sweaty effort for him just getting out of the police car! It's true when they say criminals are getting fitter whilst coppers are getting fatter! No wonder police response times are painfully slow when most of them are in KFC with their faces in party buckets. 😆
Poor lady, may she rest in peace ❤️
Keep dogs on a lead at all times. Also get them trained so they behave around other dogs. I can’t imagine being mauled to death would feel like.
Dogs are dogs 1st. A pet is how you treat them. People are the problem 99% of the time.  . If you have to employ a dog walker because you haven't the time to look after it, don't fookin have one.. .
A tragic way to go for the dog walker... the owners of dogs are the problem 99% of the time from what I've seen and experienced.  When you see your dog eat a rabbit from the nose, crunch up its face and head and eat the rest of it, you might realise that dogs are dogs first. Pets are they way you treat them and think of them.  If you're out at work all day, don't fuckin have one.
Deep condolences to the family and friends of the lovely lady may she rest in peace eternal ✝️🛐📖🙏🏽💐❤️
An awful way for a young woman to lose her life. RIP.
What a tragedy, that must be been so awful for the young woman... I can't imagine...
Where an aggressive dog needs to be put down, the owner must join it.
Put them to sleep
🤭
Very respectful statement from this officer on such a tragedy, thoughts and prayers for her loved ones at this sad time 🙏🙏🙏❤❤
So they have arrested the dogs but not the owners of the dogs. Seems reasonable
Most likely bully XL breed. The UK law should ban this breed.
Who the f is 'specialist rescue international' I would guess a privately owned company given a massively lucrative contract by some money grabbing politician. Just a guess
No arrests have been made at this time !!!! The police in this country are pathetic !
Why is British police always secretive of revealing breed of the dog. 🤔.
So sad
Out of control dog ownership in the UK is disgusting. Women are the some of the worst owners as they go for extreme muscular powerful dog types. Any muscular dog breed owner should have to go thru training, be insured, secured personal gardens, CRB checked and CPD. Dog attacks are on a percentage 100x worse as many of these attacks go unreported. When is the UK going to wake up and sort out irresponsible ownership? Unfortunately responsible ownership is a minority in the UK.
And We as a whole still pet those creatures like they're Goldfishes.  Honestly, there's something awfully wrong with Our country.  Full of excuses while a women tragically lies beneath the soil - yet another due to this vile and disgusting type of animal and no-one enforces on it. Soft & pathetic!!  This and random gang crime and authorities are powerless, lol?!
Let's have laws where known aggressive  dogs have to be on a leash & muzzled..My dog hates other dogs.I used to try and mix him but he was just to nasty so now when I'm near dogs he goes on a lead and sometimes I muzzle him.Luckily he loves people.Surely an owner would know they have a dangerous dog and be responsible for its control.
Oh god, now the British are probably going to ban dogs knowing their cucked society.
Let me guess...... Pitbull ?
At one time it was common to see packs of dog roaming around the streets
I am on foot dog Walker for 10 years and never have a problem walking 4 dogs, dog fights and dog attacks come from an un neutered dogs, it’s the owner responsibility to get their dog snipped when they are starting to hump the other dogs. Don’t blame the dog walkers, Dog owners should send their dogs to a dog trainer to get them properly trained,
This is why leads need to be mandatory at ALL times and dog owners need to have wild animal licenses to own a dog and prove they understand their responsibilities per the animals act.
It was a sausage dog apparently
What type of dogs where these ?
just kill those dogs and sue the owners, dogs dont pay taxes, dont work for living.
Lad at the start had the dogs for tea.
These dog walkers who do not know the dogs  they are walking, is very dangerous when you get 8 dogs together, it’s a accident waiting to happen.
Every time I tell somebody I hate dogs and then I tell them why; they condemn me. Too many people get bitten by them, mauled by them, and get killed by them. No matter how friendly a dog may seem, they are unpredictable. 4.5 million people are bitten by dogs every year in the USA. This results in between six and 13,000 people being hospitalised. Think about that. Vile creatures. I remember only a couple of months ago, a kid in Liverpool England being torn apart by a neighbours dog. Eradicate every single one of the disgusting creatures.
It is one of the most things I utterly hate about living here is that I have to watch for dogs wherever I go.
Dog owners fault... Jail I hope.
need more stricter controls on dogs as i have been attacked before i chinned someones dog that let walk on its own and also once had to save my mate from an attack as some crack dealers dog was always off the lead and jumped at people. at the ned of the day dogs are dangerous and i have had my fair share of dangerous dog run ins maybe 10 potential attacks. im lucky that im 6ft2 and a big guy so i have had to kick a fair few dogs but a smaller woman wont be able to intimidate a dog at all as you have to assert your dominance to scare them off. if they dont change walker laws after this im gonna be pissed off some of these dog owners dont care and didnt care when i got bit on the hand by a rottweilleroff the lead.
This is utterly tragic ! Why on earth were 8 dogs being walked at the same time, they would have a pack mentality !! The young woman was just 28 with her whole life ahead of her, it's the saddest thing ......may she RIP 🙏🙏🙏 Prayers for her family
I'm 17 st and own a lovely Rottweiler and a shitzu .The power of a dog like a Rottweiler is phenomenal and he can pull me round like a rag doll if he gets a smell he's interested in, not aggressive in any way.If you go out walking with a pack of dogs that don't know each other it's asking for trouble.Dogs don't have perception of size and in a pack only one male can be the top boy ie.Alpha .The dogs are so incensed to the situation that these awful things can happen. My sincere condolences to this young girls family.
my cat was murdered by 2 vicious dogs. i love her so much and i have had a hatred towards dogs since.
British people are obsessed with killer dogs 🤦
Deepest condolences. I hope dog owner goes to jail.
The attacking Dog/dogs shouldn’t be alive still and if owner/owners are identified then they should be jailed
This is such awful tragic news. Deepest condolences to the family and those involved.
Time to ban all dogs…
What type of dog /breed was it ?
This is reason when i walk my dog i carry a Hurly to snap neck of any off lead uncontrolable dogs who come running up tryin to be aggressive to us. Always be prepared because the world is full of brainless human beings who should never be allowed to have dogs.
So the lady was a dog walker, walking 8 dogs and mauled by the dogs?
Dogs are for farms, not for cities and into population. I personally was attacked by dogs when little and I blame the owners irresponsibility..keep the animals in leash at all times if you want to walk with it, or buy land to have it roam! Dog life is more important than human life?
Very sad that this young woman has died, how strange that the dogs she was walking turned on her.  Well done to this police officer showing compassion.
The muppet who could not control the dogs should face prison and be banned from ever keeping them again.
my dog would never bite anyone ???????????????? any one heard that before
I feel so sad for this ladies family and friends. It takes a special person to walk multiple dogs at once. I pray they dont put down all those dogs. Some must be innocent. I'd say the dog who attacked her was one she was walking otherwise they would've arrested an owner in the vicinity. Maybe a couple got in a scrap and she and the other woman was hurt trying to separate them. I don't know. It's just so sad. Or maybe the dog was loose and running around anyway. I read there was one chasing horses just before the incident.
A dog ain't just for Christmas it's for Life
Makes me sick that in the year 2023 that we are still hearing about dog attacks it's the stupid ppl that cannot train dogs properly
Quite often, when I'm out running, I see people with dogs off the lead and the dogs sometimes bother me. Sometimes I have to tell the owner to get a hold of the dog. I've actually shouted at them "get a hold of your effin' dog". I actually carry a knife in case I get attacked now because so many dog owners are such idiots. I will not be sorry if I ever have to use my knife because it will be preceded by warnings. I'm too far up the food chain to let a daft dog attack me and get away with it. If dog owners would just be responsible, this type of thing will stop happening. The problem is always the dog owners because if your dog is unruly when off the lead then it has to be kept on the lead. The Government need to start punishing dog owners who are irresponsible - it's the only way forward because they're all getting away with it and it's always some innocent party that suffers.
Ps sorry to say but If I see someone who is in distress with an animal I would have no hesitation but to try and kill the animal
What kind of dog
Need more information on what actually happened.. to much folk presuming what happened.. Shame.  so sad for everyone that's connected with her.  Condolences 🙏
Get rid of dogs that can snap or not trained right i was a dog owner but my lab was so trustworthy around ppl and kids just look at my profile pic
… Maybe there should be the law for dog walkers to walk ALL dogs in muzzles as they cannot control that many dogs at the same time.  Also if in public places ALL off lead dogs would wear muzzles maybe this could eliminate tragedies like this one … 😢
This is mad! Condolences to the family
🙏🏼❤️
Dogs may be domesticated but they are still pack animals by nature, this trait cannot be bred away, sadly this isn't as uncommon as you think, many countries with large feral dog populations like Greece and Chile and South Pacific this happens regularly. It's almost always a dog lover that is attacked, so sad, rest in peace lady.
Women should be banned from having big dogs. They obviously aren't strong enough to defend themselves in a situation like this.
Or its the owner's that own them that's putting ppl at risk of badly treatment of the dog young and dumb people and also ppl that cannot train dogs properly?
All those dogs need to be put down
Dog lovers dont care if their dogs barking/ jumping at people who are scared if dogs. Our parks are more for dogs than human. In a very well known park in surrey a very small area is fenced off and allocated as dog free area for children and rest of the vast grounds are for dogs. It is disgusting
Very sad, condolences to her family. The owner of these dogs should have brought to justice for having such vicious dog breeds.
Ps if it is pitbulls why have them still in this content???
Bro arrested dogs
Bloody dogs
How long do we put up with parks and public spaces being dedicated dog toilets? You can't relax in my local park in the summer without being pestered every few minutes, to the point we've given up. No arrests! The owners of those dogs should be *informed* the dogs have been destroyed and they're being charged with manslaughter.
Irresponsible dog owners should be totally ashamed
Were the owners pi….
I have dogs.. but she a dog walker don't know know the dogs well sad day RIP just horrible scary ..what she went threw 💯😪🙏
Police still not why not arrest dog owners?
People in comments are conditioned not to mention and some are even scared to mention unleashed dogs and careless owners. Cannot walk in any park in the UK without feeling uncomfortable because of unleashed ferocious dogs. Not an isolated incident. such sad incidents are happening more often.
My thoughts and prayers with her family and friends. In one occasion a huge dog attacked a poppy in front of my flat in Thornton Heath and the poppy’s neck skin was totally torn apart. Luckily, the dog rushed to veterinary hospital and she slowly recovered. This incident was about 5 Months ago.
Ban all dangerous dogs. Sad  news.
The owners have been identified. Then why did the owners not have their dogs under control?
very sad
Too many dogs and pack instincts kick in.
If she was walking a dog as a professional dog walker and one of the dogs attacked her it's not the owners fault because the owner was not there and was not in control of the dog . Sadly un provoked attack on her.Shame she passed away.
Until when people will be allowed to have vicious dogs?
what type of dog was it? condolences 2 the victims family
What a terrible and unpredictable way to die.
I hope her family still better my all cuntry man woman safe everywhere in great cuntry
8 dogs? crazy
Sad news
Hope the owners get a lengthy prison sentence !!! 🤞🤞🤞  Laws NEED Updating ...  Nasty Way to Die !!! 🙏🙏🙏
Did she know her she sounds like she gonna cry unless she seen the victim..r.i.p aslong as the sun shines you shine r.i.p
Multispeciesum makes us stronger!! Absolutely disgusting whats happening to our country. Send all dogs who are illegally in our country back to where they came from.
I saw a 12 year old with a pitbull the other day.
This is why you carry a knife for protection.
hate to say this but the unwritten rule is 4 dogs so what on earth gave her the idea she could control 8. didn't work out and for her stupidity she payed the ultimate price. dog walkers are an unwanted pain and there are children and pensioners who cross busy roads to avoid the confrontation of a group of dogs thus risking getting run over. don't blame the dogs blame the money grabbing imbeciles who regularly have groups of dogs without full control of them. lets be honest, it is just a surprise it does not happen more frequently. On a scale of 1 to 10, I reluctantly give her a 1 for her incapability and 10 for her greed
ban dogs simple as
The young officer held herself together, having to deliver news of such tragic and shocking event….  Much respect to her….
You can see the copper is visibly affected by this traumatic event. Rest in peace x
So who is to blame do the owners get charged with murder or manslaughter? The dogs obviously will be put down but someone has died who gets blamed ?
Dogs are not pet. They meant to be in the wild not homes
Does anyone know what happened?
This is absolutely shocking.  Poor poor girl.. R.I.P. beautiful soul.. ❤️‍🩹
Tragic ! No words ………
If only she was carrying at least a knife , as cute and lovely as dogs are ,a human matters more !
What type of dog was it that caused the Life of this woman? May she rest in peace x
I went to Caterham School. So did Angus Deayton.
Rest In peace condolences to the family
Horrific dreadful
So sad. I hope it’s the last one. Something needs to be done. Dogs on leads should become mandatory now surely
What on earth triggered the pack instinct there….   Terrible tragedy 💔  Much love and sympathy to all her loved ones, friends and family, hey must be in such unbearable pain, my heart goes out to them….
What a tragedy. Rest in peace angel … so very sorry 💕
It seems there is far far  more not being said here ....
I don't have a dog because of my work hours I'm unable to walk a dog myself, I'd love to have a dog but believe that if you can't give that dog the time and attention it needs, and have to farm walking out to someone else you shouldn't get a dog. But that's just me, I'm not saying everyone should be like me, but if you don't have the time for a dog maybe consider a different pet. It's not fair on the dog, or on other people.
A 28 y.o woman was mauled to death by her own dogs?? This should be urgently clarified to  prevent further instances !!
Pack mentality in effect
Bless her and her family and friends xx xx
Dangerous dog should be banned
Dogs are not legislated well enough.
That's why is good always to curry a knife with you it save your life
Xtra Large pitbulls no doubt, oops I mean xl bully 🤦‍♂️
A good argument for carrying handguns. It's impossible to break up fighting dogs. It would be awful to see your wife or gf torn apart by dogs for want of a gun.
The raw emotion in that female officer's voice showed humanity and compassion. Ratter than a cold, monotone from senior office or spokesperson.
Why has that policewoman squashed her hat up,she trying to be indiana jones???
This is ridiculous and all down to greed, she could have left 4 in the van walked for an hour, then taken the other 4 back to van and swapped them over but cos they get paid per hour she's trying to walk 8 at once to get more money, I'm a breeder, i struggle walking 2 of my dogs, if its wet grass its so easy to slip if they rush forward, bet they change the law now saying how many dogs you can walk at once maybe walk 8 tiny pocket type dogs but not normal dogs that's crazy, 3 or 4 dogs will easily be too much for a woman trust me i do weights and gym and 2 is my limit to be safe. yes i could walk 3 but id rather have my 2nd hand free in case i need both handstand have to lean back heels dug in.
There could of been 7 or 8 dogs getting walked but it doesn’t mean all of them attacked it could of been just one or 2 and maybe some of the dogs got attacked too… so obviously the dog owners are going to be worried, some of the dogs could of been victims too and to a dog owner they are just like a member of the family, heart goes out to this lady’s family they are surely devastated, how very very sad
Absolute tragedy.  My heart goes out to the victims families.  Credit to the Constable who informed us.  Very professional.  Hopefully, the cause will be ascertained and perhaps some good will emerge.
Codolences to the woman's family, loved ones and friend's.
I walk there regularly. Its a truly shocking and tragic incident. Prayers go out to her family and friends
I’m sick of these scumbags!! They think it’s cool to have an aggressive dogs, a woman has lost her life for these irresponsible owners!! Makes me sick!! Condolences to the family and friends at this sad time
Country of dogs, this is happening when you mix dogs and animals with human life. Animals should be kept far from where human lives. City is not the place for animals where humans can’t even walk around in peace. Even I can’t go to the park as a human because it’s always full of dogs running around me. Remember not everyone should love your dog or enjoy playing with them, so keep your dog away from people ffs.
What type of dogs are they that done this?
THOUGHT THE MICROCHPING OF DOGS WERE GOING TO STOP THIS , REMEMBER THE DOG ATTACK CAMPAIGN , THEY PROMISED DOG ATTACK WOULD BE OVER IF BY LAW WE ALL CHIP DOGS
what dogs?
Terrible… monstrosity of an animal…..And no one or any of the other 7 dogs helped. My condolences….. keep your guard up folks, you never know when your time has arrived.
I'd prefer not to die like that. It's unlikely because I will never try and walk all of the dogs at once.
Who writes these headlines and thinks that “mauled to death” is appropriate?
Job job with the reporting that was really hard for you. What a nice bobby
Not sad, but dumb. dogs are pack animals which makes them dangerous.
If you want a dog you should need a license, if you don't know how to handle and train them then you shouldn't own one. Dogs r not toys so don't treat them like one
ok i know its sad and everything but how does a full grown ass adult die to a dog
People of the public: if a dog bites you, kick it as hard as you can.
It's not a tragic incident unless you are a qualified military or emergency services dog handler you have no business working with or training dogs we and only we have the training and experience to work with multiple dog's at the same time and the training to effectively manage a dog fight as a dog handler and owner  I certainly would be furious if my colleagues tried to seize my partner and I wouldn't be allowing it the police only have the right to seize the dog who actually attacked and not those who where just along for the ride
Keep your dogs on leads! The police need to do more, they are useless. Never where they need to be
When people are confused about why I’m scared of dogs they don’t get it then you hear something like this.
Police woman was holding back tears. You could see that she was heartbroken by this.
8 dog damn
Was she vaccinated
Gov needs to inforce that in a public places, all dogs must wear mouth guard all time!!! Dogs has already killed many defendless  children!!!
When dog run towards my daughter we called police to check where we can contact and they send officer and they didn't bother at all
Death to all dangerous dogs in the world, arrest the owners if they are guilty of training these dogs like that, and give these dogs that killed the woman the injection to put them to sleep forever.
White people and their dogs 🐕!
The dogs must be put to rest by the officers to be on the safe side in future.
This is why I don't own a dog, your dog does bad things, and I'll get arrested, mind you a lot of idiots who have dogs teach them bad and wrong manners, some types of dogs just cannot be saved, and thus those types of breeds should be shot and illegal to breed.  many other types of dogs could never harm a fly and those are the only types of dogs that should be allowed to exist. If you disagree you will be arrested if you breed the dangerous dogs you will be arrested. My world is better than this Earth right now.
😂
So sad, there should be a ban of walking more than four dogs at a time, I've seen it on a park near where I live, a dog walker with 7 dogs, asking for trouble,
the horrors of modern england
To many lazy idiots out there that go and get dogs but can’t look after them , think they can be part time dog owners, get dog walkers to do the hard bit , if you can’t look after a dog , or are out all day then don’t bloody get a dog ! Don’t know what happened in this case but a young woman is dead , sad .
I hope they lock up the owners. It's about time people are held responsible for their dogs. R.I.P.
To get maul to death by man's best friend is real tragedy.
Sad news and my deepest sypathies to the family.     dogs only kill a few people every year in this country so the risk is neglagable .  its safer to own a dog than ride a bike,  hiking or using a  trampoline,   so just puting it into perspective.   They ( dogs) do more good as companions, rescue , drugs .  and sometimes they are the only companionship people have.   I  might add that these fighting breeds  are imposible to stop in an attack.   , great with people but don't know when to stop when they do start.   its a sad thing to happen but sometimes it does.  ps there are people freezing out there tonight .  give them a thought as well.
All dogs should be muzzled outside
RIP,  poor girl.
Good advert for Ford there
British Police most useless force in the world
how horrific. I hope those dogs are being put down.
RIP, sad news😢
The owner of the dogs should get LIFE IN PRISON!!
The owner of the dogs should get LIFE IN PRISON!
Surrey Police and the UK police in general are beyond useless. They couldn’t investigate a crime if it happened in front of them. Far too occupied investigating people saying nasty words to each other or promoting people identifying as bar stools or toilet seats
Wow! I have never seen police show such obvious signs of empathy and compassion while conducting a briefing. Very tragic story.
People own terrible dogs now. I’ve seen several pit bulls around lately and the owners take them around parks and woods where children are. This country is full of law breakers.
Some of the people in the comments need  muzzled. RIP young lady
As I am typing this, there are 522 likes for this video. What is it to like about this?  This is horrific! not something that garners likes ffs!
If we eliminated all mastiff type dogs from the country the number of fatal and serious non-fatal dog attacks would fall dramatically. This definitely wouldn't have happened had she been walking 7 poodles. Local governments should be given the power to seize all such animals and humanely put them down.
What type of people take out 7 dogs into a public space if they cannot physically control the dogs behaviour ?
“No arrest have been made at this time”
🥶😢😥
r i p dog walker but 8 dogs being walked on leads way too many probably started fighting she tried to stop it and one ore more turned on her  wow what a shame  condolences i just feel very sad.
The Owners should go to prison for life
This is why I hate dogs
Some people ignorantly think that domesticated dogs are incapable of killing people and when a dog kills someone then they think it must be the owners fault 🤦‍♂️
time to ban assault dogs
This sounds like a case for the Baha Men.
Obviously what used to be a rather exclusive part of Surrey, has literally "gone to the dogs". So glad I left the area, 30 years ago, as there are no rabid dogs of any type in Barbados !!!!
Dog owners are some of the most irresponsible people on Earth.
Dogs in custody 😅😅😅
8 Dogs is very serious and probably off their leads at the time?
Obviously a horrible tragedy...but still...seven dogs at once. That's a disaster waiting to happen. Sadly you see more and more bad owners, not only owning one dog, but several.  Licensing and taxes, need to prevent this happening again.
Ignorant people walking their dogs off leash ,,,  I’ve got one down the road,, he leaves his gate open and his dog darts out at you n your dog (I have a German shepherd) it’s come to a head where I’ve had to literally threaten him with ‘ if you don’t close your gate and this happens again I’m going to release my dog and let them sort it out’  he won’t have to worry about vet bills because there will be nothing left of his dog,,,, it goes to show how little he thinks of his dog....  The leash rule applies to everyone...  The owners should be charged because the dogs will pay with their lives....
It's long past time that people should have to qualify and pay for a dog licence.   Such a tragedy.
Ban dogs
Simply muzzle all dogs when out and this cannot happen.
What happened, was she attacked by all the 8 dogs she was walking or what?
Bring in the Dog Tax ASAP the public are surrounded by irresponsible dog owners it’s Woof
When animal life is seen superior than human 😊😊😊
Jesus, so it was a dog walker 😢
Quite a few assumptions in comments here that 1 person was in control of 8 dogs. But 2 people are mentioned. It could have been two people with 4 dogs each, i.e. both within a legal limit but, sadly, something got out of control.
This is terrible news and it’s happening a lot lately I think all dogs should be muzzled when out, it happened to me many years ago thank god it was small dog, he was easy to pull off, hopefully some action is taken against the owners if they are found guilty of neglect
I wouldn't trust some of these clowns with a wheelie bin let alone a dog / dogs
It’s time to ban dogs
Shocking. Imagine losing someone about my age in such an unthinkable way, while just out walking some dogs.
In some countries big fighting dogs are kept to guard livestock or property but the uk has no bears or wolves so why are powerful fighting dogs still being bred…there is plenty of good guard dogs that can scare a burglar so we should be phasing out fighting breeds made of muscle in the uk..my schnauzer can’t hurt a child & it would bark at intruders.
It’s really very very sad. The taking of an innocent girls life. There needs to be much stricter laws in place. Why aren’t there?
I bet that this incident will turn out to have been caused by a dog being off-lead. It's always the same story, lazy and irresponsible owners who completely delude themselves that their dogs couldn't harm anyone letting them roam free, not caring about who gets hurt by out of control animals. I recently equipped myself with a canister of anti-dog attack spray after an encounter of an off-lead dog on running at me and barking aggressively despite me stopping on my bike several meters away when noticing the owner acting panicked. She clearly knew her dog would act up, but she still had the AUDACITY to shout "don't worry, he won't bite" as she ran after the dog clearly aggressively cornering and jumping at me just standing there with my bike. Disgusting. I won't hesitate to spray the next out of control off-lead dog I encounter, no matter what the deluded owner says. Maybe this poor lady would have also survived if she kept some anti-dog attack spray to stop that animal from ravaging her. It definitely gives me more confidence not to delay in using it if the situation arises.  Keep your dogs on a lead if you are out in public, don't take the chances with these attacks, because you will get jailed if your dog injures or kills someone. I don't care about how trained your dog is, you can't train them for all scenarios, and the only way to keep them under control is a lead. You don't have a right to menace others with your dog. Plus the worst is when off-lead dogs approach on-lead dogs and it starts a fight when the on-lead dog feels threatened and gets aggressive. You might assume your dog is not an issue, but they WILL cause an issue if the other dog is has aggression issues, so really, you should keep your dog on a lead for their own damn protection in the first place.
All dogs should be on leads. There is no reason other than farm work or hunting that your dog should be off the lead
My love goes to her family. Also to the scared owners of the dogs
This should be banned dog walking should be ONLY ONE DOG AT A TIME
Dogs are dangerous.
Too common this in Britain people being killed by dogs, government do something!
If they dont name the dog owner you can guarantee it matches the pedigree of knife/machete attack suspects. It always does.....ALWAYS!!!
When the police ask people not to speculate and their statement has massive holes in them then the public will do nothing but speculate for heavens sake.
Its realy sad R.I.P i wonder whats going to happen to the dogs??????
dogs are predatory evasive animals, they should not be pets.
Destroy the dog's - they've attacked, they can never be trusted...and it's high time that owners were treated more severely, custodial sentences of at least ten years.  We seriously need the dog licence returned to pay for dog wardens/enforcement officers with power of arrest, as well as set up an infrastructure to support dog ownership. It should be compulsory that all dogs are chipped and insured for third party liability...if not all dogs, then all medium size and up.  I'm getting sick of hearing about people being killed by dogs.
Every dog should be muzzled if it's in Public including its own back yard .
Dogs should be put down the and owner should be thrown in jail for not training them properly.
its a shame know police on foot or generall puplick to help, perhaps if the 2 officers there were a little thiner a life could have been saved.
Imagine dying to a dog bro what😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
The fault is with those who treat cruelly their dogs, making them agressive towards humans…
Dogs have mauled a woman to death. Ripped her apart and no arrests have been made?. Heres hoping that changes or i just want to go get a shotgun. Shocking sad disgistin
Friday the 13th
I have walked peoples dogs for years. I will never walk a number of dogs to start with and two at a time is maximum. Also loving and knowing animals is a must. Yet people think it is an easy way of making money. If you do not love and understand animals, do not even start. And before you start find out if the animal is aggressive to other animals or humans. In this case the owner is to blame and not the dog. Very very sad and should never have happened.😡
Evil pro EU types have twigged they can passive aggressively harm communities by encouraging out of control dog breeding instead?
The owners of these dogs that attacked this young woman while she was walking her own dogs and was sadly killed by these other owners dogs should be arrested and accountable. If you’re dog attacks someone you has a owner are responsible for the actions of your pet.
horrendous 🥺
Arresting dogs? Wtf is that ?
Why are they so hell bent on not mentioning the breed? Someone just died and we care about hurting the feelings of the owner. Wouldn't it be better and safer if we all knew that information? Maybe it'll discourage people from getting that breed in the first place.
fake news propaganda dogs do not attacked unless they were provoked this is another example of the government's green agenda look it up they believe that pets are bad for climate change any excuse to take away the right to have a pet
Rip ❤
So called ' professional Dog Walkers' need to be trained and licensed.     I don't know the circumstances here and am not judging.    It's just an opertunity to say what I think.    Anyone can set themselves up to do this.      They need training and a licence surely.    I have had dogs for a long time and know and see how someone with a pack of dogs can overwhelm some of these walkers.   My sympathies to the women and families.
To stop a dog attack you must choke the dog out with a head lock/neck choke. Kicking and other things will only increase the dogs bite grip.
That’s why cats are better, no one’s ever been on the news and said “kitten mauled owner to death” I hate dogs
Terribly sad news 😢
It is now to be made law that ALL DOGS ARE MUZZLED when  out of their own enclosed environment. This has got to stop NOW  It appears she was a dog walker , so known to the dogs , so you can never say my dog is safe . For everyone’s safety ,stricter laws have to be made immediately.
Deepest condolences to all who knew and loved her.
Bet they were bull type dogs
7 dogs? She was greedy for the cash. Was one of them a pitbull?
who they going to arrest,the bloody dogs duh
ItZ ThE oWNErS FaULt, DoGs CaN NeVEr bE aGgREssIve
I regularly walk my little Cavalier King Charles through woods near my home in Cleveleys Lancashire, I also regularly see a woman, walking four dogs which she does not own, she is a dog walker, and often lets these dogs off their leads, they do not obey her, as they barely know her, I was accosted by 3 dogs, a Jack Russell, a wayward Labrador, and a mongrel, who all acted as pack dogs against my (at that time), 1 year old defenceless. Puppy, I stood my ground and picked my little pup up and was literally attacked by what. Seemed to be a pack dog culture, having fought off the most aggressive of the pack, I was accused of being cruel as I just pushed away the Labrador with my wellington boot , I understand that people need to pay dog walkers, but ….. please be aware that dogs do act in packs, and some dog walkers just take the money and spend of the time on their i phones…..clueless….
A dog walker, a girl who loved dogs, So sad 😭 may she RIP
Really sad to hear, but this is the second incident within a month. Wasn't there a baby killed by a husky in December? Parents were walking 19 dogs.
So what happened? Was she a dog walker and one of the dogs attacked her? Or some dog from somewhere else?
Very Very sad to hear this news. Why is there so many police vehicles on the site
So sad. Unfortunately this isn’t the last time something like this happen, it’s becoming more common. Gov needs to clamp down on breeding and more owners need to be educated on their breeds and handling them appropriately.   I’ve seen first hand dogs without leads running around parks and getting into altercations then the owner can’t retrieve their dog or get it under control, one was snapping at my legs a few weeks back while I was cutting through a park, luckily the owner got it back on its lead before it made any contact.
What was this a setup from where
Crazy just up! Road from my rehab
Call me sexist but a woman should not be walking that many dogs. Every single time I've ever had a confrontation with a dog it's been a WOMAN walking it, unable to control or restrain it.
Those vicious labradors again right?
If I ever break the law I hope the fat cop chases me 😄
Dogs are dangerous
These rare incidents are happening too often..........its time these Dangerous dog owners were  charged with murder ......... this then sends a clear message that a muzzle on your Dangerous dog will be the difference of going to prison or not.
Problem, Reaction, Solution here we go 🤦 never let a good crisis go to waste eh.
What a sad set of affairs if your dog has no recall training it should not be off leash we should bring leash laws into the uk it’s an all round sad situation someone’s lost a loved one someone’s lost their dog as a dog owner I believe in leash laws and dogs should not be off leash unless you trained and your dog are trained off leash but even still this is a small measure to stop these behaviours and I hope the dog owners are held accountable
Surprise me and tell me that there wasn't a Pitt type involved.
The dogs should have been shot on site. They reverted to the pack mentality. The owners should be charged with keeping keeping dangerous animals. You have to feel for the victims a there families.
Thankyou for a very compassionate reporting…  When will the law come in that dangerous dogs are just not allowed
Make it a law, muzzle dogs if you are a professional dog walker…nobody deserves this
i hope that laws to do with dogs are looked at and enforced,there are so many dogs in brighton that are walked in public areas without leads,i have a staffordshire bull terrier and he is never walked  without a lead,but many many times we have experienced other dogs come running up to our dog and jumping up on him then the owner has shouted at me for my dog barking back and growling,last summer my dog was bitten badly by a rottweiler that was not on a lead,its scary,,my dog was badly hurt,but because he is a staffy and they get a bad press for some reason people seem to think its ok for their dogs to be off a lead and to behave badly,,,as i said my dog wears a good harness and is never off his lead,i wish dog owners were more responsible
R.I.P. The dangerous dog act must be expanded, ban all bully breeds!
Very convenient timing to bring in some laws that would help the dinghy divers confidence when climbing in through your kids bedroom windows.
Hopefully they make a new law banning this craziness 8 dogs🤦‍♂️
Some people thinks so much about money rather common sense that it gets to such a horrific situations. But also some dog owners are awful as their dogs are aggressive.  Remember I was walking my two pomeranians in the park and beagle got into a fight with them. The owner didnt move a muscle, I honestly thought I would kick a beagle trying to protect my poms in my hands. The owner of the beagle was standing doing nothing. Now I am thinking I had to report her to police. But problem is police not doing anything either, until you are killed or bitten
If you hire a dog walker, you should never have bought a dog in the first place.
Was it a pit bull? Put them all down
Was Truss not on a lead?
That is so sad
Omg so sad 😢
Recently had my springer attacked by 4 malamutes and kicked the lead one to death. This is absolutely heartbreaking. I was bitten too and killing a dog was one of the most traumatic things I ever did but people who own pack breeds or breeds capable of harming something as big as a human need to be held responsible. If my hunting dogs killed someone's rabbit or cat it would be my fault.
She obviously did something to upset them
Just kick the dog lol 😂
Some dogs are bred for guarding & some dogs are bred for pure  fighting, and they can get confused as to who to guard when multi dogs start fighting it can get out of hand very very quickly. Were all know the types of breeds that shouldn't be anywhere near each other unless muzzled. Lessons need to be put in place so this never happens again. RiP to the young lady
I think what people don’t realise when it comes to dogs it’s not how aggressive they are that’s the main danger it’s there physical capabilities. Take an extremely aggressive cockapoo for example which is probably extremely rare vs an aggressive Staffordshire bull terrier , it’s two completely different ball games , one could maybe give you a nip and the other could lock on to you like a vice and tear you apart with relative ease.
RIP 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 Wonder what breed was responsible for this
How many more must die? There is no place for these creatures in the modern world.  Truly horrific!
So society has to offer sympathy too ignorance all this does is show people what can happen when greed gets the better of you.
So very sad 😞 I have always felt uneasy at dogs not properly restrained in public spaces - they need only become slightly agitated to horrifically hurt people :( I hope these kinds of instances reduce and people take more responsibility of their pets 😔
THAT should never happen. Disgusting. Tighter laws now!!
Dogs are dangerous weapons, and as such should be strictly licensed
A terrible way to die and so young.  But she also put other people's lives at risk by walking so many dogs.
Sad to hear truly sadLet me guess knee jerk purge on dogs of certain breeds
8 dogs wot the hell
Myself and other elderly friends no longer walk on nature trails because of the large number of dogs that are not properly under the control of their walkers.  And no, I don't care if your dog is "friendly",   I do not want a heavy, muddy animal to jump on me.
I feel sorry for the dog owners. They went to work thinking their dog is in safe hands. Now they has to be killed, even if it wasnt involved.
The most sensible thing to do as dog walkers, would be to muzzle all dogs, this should be law, unfortunately a young lady has lost her life. Condolences and thoughts are with family and friends, 🙏🙏
So what's actually happened?
Expat 🇬🇧lives in Colombia 🇨🇴 all big dogs must have a mussel when outside .if not owner will be fined .. Big deal here . Safety  The UK is a Train Wreck add this to the many problems they have and never deal with Next story
Very sad indeed! But I believe I tragic accident waiting to happen with any of these dog walkers, who do it for a living. Walking a pack of dogs who are not kennelled or brought up together, is asking for trouble sooner or later, but having said that even dogs that have been kennelled and live together can turn. I hope the dogs are not put down as it is not the dogs fault they are just behaving as a pack and a someone who’s worked with dogs all my life I know it only takes one dog to take a dislike to something and it sets the rest. I’m sure there are people out there that will disagree.
This is shocking 😢
So she was savaged to death by one of the dogs she was walking?
Now those dogs will be executed.
So sad😢
RIP
Tragic. So young.
Ban dogs now
Mosquitoes 🦟  Humans 👨  Snakes 🐍  Dogs 🐕  Top 4 creatures that kill the most humans every year.
Condolences to the family of the woman. With the benefit of hindsight , I sincerely hope that lessons will be learnt this time and dangerous dog laws will be reviewed thoroughly and vigorously to ensure that this doesn't occur again on UK soil. Prayers,  resolve,  vigils and meaningful action not the usual lip service given by career politicians.
I see lots of first responders
I Bet none of them were banned breeds, be all over the headlines if they were. funny that aint it.
It's amazing who we choose to have sympathy for and who we don't.
8 dogs? Jesus.
Very sad . A brutal lesson to all these people walking 5,6,7 and even 8 dogs at a time . I see these people in my local park and it's nuts . Always women , and the reality is that the dogs are controlling them instead of them controlling the dogs. Can you really have control of more than 2/3 dogs ? I doubt it.
I'm sure she was mauled by a chihuahua or maybe another toy breed ...
Thinking about the ladies family and friends. Very tragic x
There should be an official ban in owning any dogs, even little jack Russells and vicious. Dogs belong in the wild not as pets. RIP to the young woman & my heartfelt condolences to her family 💗💘💝💖
EVIL DANGEROUS HABITS 1. HIGHLY EXTREMELY DANGEROUS NUCLEAR WAR. 2. HIGHLY EXTREMELY DANGEROUS NUCLEAR WEAPONS. 3. EVIL DANGEROUS WAR. 4. EVIL DANGEROUS WAR WEAPONS. 5. EVIL DANGEROUS CYBER WAR. 6. EVIL DANGEROUS EXTREMISM. 7. EVIL DANGEROUS MASS MURDERS. 8. EVIL DANGEROUS MURDERS. 9. EVIL DANGEROUS CLOWN ATTACKS. 10. EVIL DANGEROUS BULLYING. 11. EVIL DANGEROUS CYBER BULLYING. 12. EVIL DANGEROUS FOREST FIRES. 13. EVIL DANGEROUS GLOBAL WARMING. 14. EVIL DANGEROUS OVER POPULATION PROBLEM. 15. EVIL DANGEROUS FUTURE WEAPONS.
Here we go here come the Karen's ohhh it's the dogs fault never dogs fault it's how the owners bring them up fact
Why the owners are so careless with their dogs. I am sorry for the girl who lost her life May her soul R.I.P but same time i feel sorry for the dogs to they going to euthanize them now.
This is why I don't like dogs
Over 200 people are killed every year by dogs. Not Jack Russells but big dangerous breeds. Time these moronic owners were locked up for long periods. Some of the comments are damn pathetic.
Shocking, this is such a tragic moment in that young woman's life, I pray her family can be string and hope others take notice of the incident and learn from it. Condolences 🙏
Pack mentality. No single person should be walking more than two dogs that are unfamiliar to them. I see it in London parks all the time, a single dog walker with 4-7 dogs all of different ages, sizes and energy levels. Most walkers see it as an easy earner without taking into account the individual dogs needs. I always see a senior dog trying to keep up while the human is on the phone paying no attention to the dogs. Sad avoidable loss of life for human involved and inevitably for the poor dogs who did not ask to be placed in a pack but will now be put down.
Let's wait and see how the story unfolds, very little information at this time.
'she was walking a number of dogs, during the incident'.  I wonder, did she try to break up a fight between two dogs she was walking? I don't agree with dog walkers taking more than 3 dogs out at a time.  Especially if they are large and/or powerful.   Still, its sad news.  RIP
Dog law coming ?
Night night for the dog then!
The person walking the dogs should be put on trial for manslaughter
How very sad 😔
Send these dogs to China. They can handle it.
If you own a dog capable of this you need to be in absolute control at all times, the owners should take full responsibility
Dogs become more aggressive when you let them bark, when it happen you should slap their bottom....instead of saying no which most people do.
Dogs dogs dogs...five deaths last year and probably hundreds of hospitalisations, all so the owners can have their little slaves.
Dogs are dangerous, should they be banned?
Very sad to hear this news, but it should be really a huge concern about the dog walkers jobs, how many dogs can handle safely?  It's a great responsibility for the dog walker and a quiet enormous risk to the public. It is a job for some people, understandable, but equally important the public safety. Of course, there are a few points to consider whether the number of dogs from a person to handle while walking them and if the person from the public walking safely with their own dog, either way it is a great priority the safety for everyone and the responsibility from the people themselves.
Maximum dogs your allowed by law is 6 and even that is too much! Just wanting quick cash over time spent in the day caused this negligence on her behalf and now the dog owners will have their dogs put down.  any sensible dog owner knows more than 2 is a handful and anything can kick off even with the best tempered,trained dog who have lived their entire lives together let alone 8 stranger dogs 😡🤬
What's the actual story??...this report gives utterly no details apart from saying a dog and a woman.
Some people give ecstasy or MDMA pills to dogs anyway they are far too many dogs attack every years which is very bad and not to mention the health risk it cause to human health, even Islam forbids dog as a pet and not to forget they are the cause of covid virus.
Them dogs are gone
“Professional” dog walkers.
How can someone be overcome by dogs in their care. If you are neither confident with dogs or physically capable of controlling a situation then you shouldn't be in that position in the first place. I'm very sorry that a fatality occurred but these female dog walkers I see with six or more dogs of varying sizes are a disaster waiting to happen . Btw I have handled  pitbull and bullmastiffs with which you have to he firm but fair. In short there is no way dogs should be allowed to behave aggressively in a public place.
This is funny still 😂😂😂😂 bout 8 dogs are been detained 😂😂😂
I  see you are walking 6 Dogs , could you take along two more, a Rottweiler and a PitBull 😢
What’s wrong with London ?!!! This is a joke . Time to put the people down not the dog .
Wouldnt hear a cat do that 🤷‍♀️
What breeds were they? We have a right to know, to care about our safety! Some breeds are more dangerous than others, and we have a right to know so we can be careful of them.
End result of owners not giving pets their own time to walk and train them.And hire a dog Walker to do it. Put 8 dogs together who aren’t from the same pack and this can be the results
These occupational dog walkers are a scourge on public parks take them on private property,
We need to get rid of all these "status" dogs. Always the sc ummy people that have dangerous/aggressive breeds.
This is why you should always carry a knife.
As an American I was told it all depends on your class in England if the police choose to investigate. Like madeleine macan. Because the parents were middle class they were excused of their gross negligence. So I guess it depends on what class this lady was and if they choose to take it seriously.
Walking a group of dogs possible dog day care? So very sad but never a good idea to walk a pack of dogs especially if the dogs don’t know each other fully. Hopefully none of the dogs will be killed due to this.
Heart breaking ..  8 dogs ? What was going on there ?
WTF SO WHt the deal with ppl walking dogs in the park...  we need to protect ourselves when walking In the park..
cant imagine being mauled to death by a dog(s) what a horrific way to go condolences to her and the family
God bless this young woman This is dreadful news.Thoughts and prayers go to her family.
My deepest condolences ❤️ 💜 ♥️
People don't learn, I'm constantly having issues with dogs off the lead.
So the dogs she was walking attacked her ?
Anyone owns a dangerous dog should have a license and also if their dog attacks anyone they should be arrested and put to jail forever 😢. Me personally I don’t like dogs 😅
Free the dogs they’re innocent.
These people love dog still
Well. Keep your dogs on leash and problem goes away.
All dogs wear  muzzles whilst out and about. This is so heartbreaking for all.
Makes you wonder iv a lifetimes experience working with dogs including security dogs! Know you can get an nvq qualification in dog walking? It's a joke most dog owners have basic trained dogs at best most don't have a clue! And b4 people start I'm an ex professional gamekeeper I think we no!
Condolences to her family, not a good way to die.
This is rare.  Who trained those dogs... and if they are violent, why do they let them loose?  8 dogs attacked?.  How odd.  They don't do that...just like that...unless they have a mental problem.  Animals also have their anger and mental problems, but many times everything depends on the influence of their human owners.  Unless the dogs were scared... but why?  This case is rare.  Maybe they thought she was going to attack one of them?  Is rare. Rest in peace.
PEOPLE SHOULD GET REAL FRIENDS.250.000 ATTEND CASUALTY EVERY YEAR FOR DOG BITES.30M PETS PRODUCE 25% OF UK CO2.
What breeds were the dogs
Cane Corso’s will be the next dog banned…. Bare little dick heads from the estates are breeding them to make money on…. Giving them out to 1st time owners etc who have no idea how to treat guardian breed dogs… Condolences to the family and friends of the poor woman 🙏❤
All dog owners must be charged with manslaughter/abh and American XL breed must be added to the dangerous dogs list. Never have a pet that you don't think you could beat in a fight
Devastating news, my condolences to her family at this sad time 😞
250.000 are admitted to A and E every year with dog bites.Many are children and require many years of surgery
Most dogs are dangerous. Ban them.
Awful. Over the past few years I’ve noticed so called professional dog walkers with multiple dogs (I once counted 9) walking in local fields where I walk my dog. They are nearly always out of control and frequently harass other dogs & walkers who are minding their own business. I think the laws on this sort of thing need looking at.
Why would you get a nut as a pet , it's obvious going to be one of those evil looking ones
Broken Britain
If that was my relative I would find the owners of the dog and get revenge. Revenge is always good and makes you feel better.
Calm and composed in extremely difficult circumstances well done
Tragic. Please don't walk more than 4 dogs at once if you dont have anyone with you and especially if you are a young woman. There is a legal limit of 4 on the number of dogs one individual can walk/be in charge of in public at the same time. I understand the desire to do as many at once so you aren't doing multiple trips, but just take someone with you if you must. 4 per person at the absolute max, but try to have less because controlling 4 dogs with only 2 hands when things are going wrong is not easy.
The people need to be locked up for at least man slaughter, this is horrendous love to the family of the young woman. The owners of the dogs need to punished
The police officer delivered this heartbreaking news in the most powerful tone and cadence. First time I've felt genuinely moved by some news in years
This is very sad.  I sincerely hope any dogs that were not aggressive are not destroyed.
God bless everyone and to the family and friends of both ladies and to the dogs to it's got to be human error  most of it is or not treated right sorry but it the way I feel
Pls ban dogs
That it fricken horrific. Wtf happened there?
Rip...☝
Terribly sad news 😢 RIP
💔💔💔
SADLY...
Why people are allowed to keep vicious dogs is beyond me. You can't own a gun but  dogs are also lethal amongst some breeds.
What happened
Why
Only 28 years old, how terribly sad.
My family and I were purposely attacked by racist dog owners who used to set their dogs on us, we used to get chase and cornered by these dogs. My childhood was very traumatic and as a 41 year old my fear of dogs has elevated.  I wish to see all dogs on leads as a part of British law.  This is such a sad sad case and I send my condolences to this woman’s family. ❤
Pitbull alert
How can 1 person control 7 dogs
In alot of countries even the police don't have aggressive dog breeds.  I'm sorry if this offends but I never understand why westerners and western wannabees love dogs. They are disgusting creatures. You wouldn't invite a goat to live in your home and share a bed with it?
why have a dog if you need a dog Walker to look after it. Get a dog when you can look after it properly. Same with children, why have children if you’re not the one doing the parenting, letting some childminder raise them to be accustomed to their values and learning techniques. Terrible.
There’s a lot of people jumping to conclusions and conjuring up the scenario in their minds based on very little information in this police statement. I walk my own dogs in the Caterham area. Most land popularly used by people walking dogs states that you must have a maximum of four dogs. If the dogs not yours I’m not sure you can say you know the dog well enough to take it off the lead. Multiple dogs you don’t know and who don’t know each other seems like an inevitable incident to me. We’ve had some dog thefts in the area. A mauled dead dog thief would be better news.
they puts there parents in care home because they can't be bothered looking after them, but dogs comes first for some of them, when the dogs turn on them, there all baffled when dog attacks? simple thing follow Dubai rules put dogs in zoo, that's where all animals belong.
What an awful way to go whatever the circumstances 😢. It isn’t clear from this statement what they were.  I’m a dog walker and only walk one or two at a time to match my strength; I want to have control and for my dogs and myself to enjoy their walks. I’ve seen women smaller than me walking 5+ and although you might make all your money in one go it looks like a free-for-all and it only takes one dog to turn or another to approach aggressively for others to turn and get tangled up and injuries to occur. They are pets up to a point but also animals with instincts and teeth so they need respect. Often people are so desperate to secure a dog walker that they won’t care about the circumstances though and I can understand wanting to make the money as being self-employed is tough but it’s not worth your life.
Very sad
I see lots of so called professional dog walkers taking 6 or more dogs out and letting them off the lead with absolutely no control of them ,but the government do nothing about it ?
Dogs attack, woman dies, police take dogs in custody, what about those animals kill by humans. In slaughters houses, cows calves snatch and killed. Humans hunt innocents animals, billion of animals killed every year, who will give justice to these animals. These doggies are innocents you know why, because you kill animals, but still you are innocents. If you are sad this woman dies, you should be sad humans all the animals you killed, and give them justice. JUSTICE FOR ANIMALS
Shouldn’t have female dog walkers
The officer sounded heartbroken 😔 😢😢 and it’s really sad …
I was walking from beach one day, I side stepped a big English bull terrier, walked on grass, the owner said oh don't you like my dog, I said no it's just scared off it attacking me, she said say that again and I will tell it to " attack kill me" , the actual owners sometimes walk there dogs in another world and when they are roaming attack other dogs and humans,.  Without them realising then they just shout , come on rover, mummy's here come on din dins
And then there are ppl that say a dog is a mans best friend well depending on on the dog knowingly must have been a pitbull dog now thats why i dont like dogs and if anyone thinks its ok for their dog to go around and attack ppl you should be sued alot and i should make it law that all dogs should wear a mouth guard at all times when out in the public
There has been many, the lady in st Helens her own dogs attacked and killed her in her own house
I'd be more worried about the state of the police filmed here.
Amazing that people who work with dogs or own them don't bother to understand their natural behaviour. They are pack animals that hunt in the wild in packs. They are a few steps from going back to being wolves. Who thought it was a good idea to walk 8 of them at the same time?
Surely the dog owners should face prosecution !
Very sad news. But that had to be one of the most compassionate and professional police briefings  I have ever seen.   She did a very good job.
Should there be laws brought in to regulate dog walking businesses to limit the numbers allowed. Big packs of dogs could easily go after children,.and like here adults. It's unfair on others using these public places
Problem if walking a lot of dogs and they dont know each other well They may also gang up on other dogs as a pack So sad RIP to this lady
Those officers 0:10 look disgraceful. Neither could physically perform their duty.
Plus ther not muzzled most of the time…..
Now unfortunately 8 dogs will be put down too.
Isnt there a law to prophibit dog walkers from walking more than 4 dogs at a time ?
8 dogs!!!  It's hard enough to control two These people are completely unregulated. A few years ago a woman in Tamworth 'lost' the dogs she was walking. I've seen dog walkers locally have  trouble with far fewer dogs.
Should not be walking dogs to the point where the pack wieghs more than your self. These women have no dog handling training and just start a dog walking buisness. Needs to stop
There’s a lot of dogs that should not be on the streets or with dodgy owners
Guess it's time to ban all dogs
The owner of the dogs must be prosecuted. A young woman being ripped to shreds by a pack of dogs is horrific.
How horrific this is heartbreaking news for any family , prayers 🙏 to all involved 🙏
I worked for sometime in the parks for a local council and the amount of dog fights is definitely on the rise, Dogs mauled by other dogs usually but they also attack humans who try interviean. It seems something just snaps within the dog, it's usually smaller dogs who start it.
I hope it was quick 😔
That is the fattest policeman I’ve ever seen! 😂
So sad ,my heart goes out to the family and friends of young lady killed by the dogs or dog ,taking 7dogs for a walk is crazy if you ask me ,especially if not urs
Very sad poor lady
RIP🙏🏻🕊😔
Why there not serious and tough regulations on Dogs ? There has to be an absolute serious offense for the owners who are found being ignorant
Breed????
Nearly happened to my son last year. The offenders have taken my son to court and the police have allowed it.  System is broken.
This is my hometown, where usually nothing ever gets onto the news. What a sad story this is.
All the idiots on here saying she was walking 8 dogs. It doesn't say that, it says she was walking a number of dogs. A total of 8 dogs have been detained. So the chances are there were other peoples dogs involved.Another woman was bitten, maybe she had dogs too. You do not have all of the facts. How unsympathetic you all are. No wonder the world is a horrible place with the sheer lack of empathy and the amount of haters. You're all so quick to judge. Hope you are all perfect, but I doubt it very much.
Stop walking these dogs. These disgusting animals
What's to bet the dog that caused this wasn't a Labrador, Jack Russell, or Dalmatian, but something more akin to a Rottweiler or Pit Bull. If a breed of dog is known for having an aggressive temperament and the power to kill a person, it's time for that breed to be removed from public ownership. The law needs to protect people better.
How frightening. The power that even small dogs have is a freakish thing far n above what humans have.
You never hear about a pack of cats killing someone, now that would be news worthy
Britain is lost people law system have to be change the same prisons wait 10years and Britain will gonna be like war zone
I carry a taser and just know if your dog runs to me it’s going to see the Lord
I will never forget some years ago we heard the screams of a young child and her mother. We went out to see an Alsation atteacking the child who had blooded hands and face. From nowhere came a small middle age guy. He grabbed the dog by its hind legs and swung his head into a brick wall, many times until it was no more. Never forgot that bravery, when some froze.
Mans best friend again, dogs are vile animals
All dogs should wear muzzle if in public
Im all too familiar with this sort of encounter. I ended up in A&E for 8 hrs overnight cus a bloke with a big dog was walking it off the lead along the roads & pavements… dogs need to be on leads… also never let mine sniff another dog anymore as that can end badly. Just keep your dogs on leads
Very sad news.
To be in possession or Own a Dog you should have to be over 21 with a Licence. Regulate dog walkers instead of allowing society to exploit them to make money... And ban scum governments exploiting Animals to do a Mans/Woman's job
No bad dogs, just bad dog owners.
It's not the dog that killed her... the owner should be charged with manslaughter and dog should be given rehabilitation. If you can give rehabilitation to disgusting terrorists and child predators then so can a Dog.... Its not guns that kill people, the person that squeezed the trigger is the killer
Thought it was against the law too walk more than 5 dogs at one time.
There must be tighter laws on dogs being off leads and out of the owners control.  I had a huge argument with a guy with two Japanese Akitas both off leads in the middle of a busy town.  I have an Akita and although I trust him, I also take responsibility for him.   The police do nothing, and as for the owners who walk dogs off the lead in public places, sad posers who think it makes them look cool.   Until this issue is taken seriously the law is a joke.
If you want to know how this could happen, don't bother waiting for the police to finish their enquiries - there are plenty of experts offering their comments here, and can tell us all precisely what happened, based on a one-minute long police statement.  (Makes you wonder why they bother with courts, trials, and even enquiries really, doesn't it?)
I would have all dogs put down apart from police dogs and dogs for the blind, disgusting filthy animals that smell.
This will be the same old story. It won't be a Labrador, Jack Russell, or Cocker spaniel responsible for this attack but something or things resembling a Pit Bull or a Rottweiler.  It is time that the world's inadequates are prevented from owning dogs capable of killing and maiming.
Being a dog owner these days is a joke you have to be ready for anything. Because theres that many fools with them.
I thought the law states-maximum of 4 dogs -if running a dog walking business!
8 dogs? That’s just moronic I have 1 who’s stays on the leash throughout the whole walk unless I’m on the beach
Probably chyannes and karma
Destroy any ‘pet’ that can kill.
Punish the owners in the Harshest terms. RIP Lady.
8 dogs involved? Oh dear 😔 A very sad story
Dogs should be chipped and muzzled in public spaces. And as for pit bulls they should banned and destroyed.
Walking 8 dogs at a time is absolutely stupid if they’re not from the same litter. Still RIP.
Good actors
Rest in peace ♥️
As a dog walker I never have more then 4/5 dogs on me. You just cannot control the pack if one kicks off. I see many other dog walkers with a lot more dogs and it’s all due to not being able to say no to clients and/or for money. This is a tragedy and maybe it will send a message to other dog walkers.
The maximum amount of dogs you should be able to walk is 2. One for each hand anymore and they're not under full control.
Dogs should be muzzled and leashed in public especially in public parks.They are after all animals.
I'm a dog lover and completely believe it is the owner's fault but those dogs need to be put down. Once they do it for the first time they will do it over and over again and quite frankly do not deserve to live.   Don't get big dogs if you can't train it, and that doesn't mean just training it to not hurt you. It means training it to not hurt anyone or anything, and if you haven't done that then you should never be taking it outside.
Rest in Peace.  God Bless.
Ban dogs
Was she a dog walker?
Dogs eaten dogs
Dog’s owners should be charged 3rd degree….
It's the dogs fault , and should be destroyed, immediately , thay can just turn , like humans do. every one is should have a muzzle on pit bull terrier dog ,  my thoughts are with the family, so sad for them ,
bet it was a shitbull
MMMmmm............
Worst part is if you look outside your window right now you will still see a moron walking a dog without leash or muzzle. It seems they walk around daring anyone to complain and be labelled an animal hater. Its stupid and dangerous.
Walking multiple dogs that do not get along with others is trouble
WHY  is there always such massive legal defence for the ownership of dangerous dog breeds?--Who or what always comes up with the money to defend such criminal maniacs ?---Is this just yet another tentacle of the white-collar terrorists? Soros, and his gangs ?? !----just another way of keeping We, the people, afaid and on edge ?! Someone always produces the massive cash to subvert the law on this. --------WHO ?  !
Ban all dogs! (apart from guide dogs)
Heartbreaking news  Rest in peace ❤
always keep a weapon, we need new laws about dogs
*Enforce muzzle lock on dangerous dog breeds .*
Lazy ambulance workers took two days to get there, so it was septic wounds more likely to be cause of death.
Big news allowed to show disaster small news YouTube bans them especially if they are telling the truth
